This happened when I was recovering from a bout of flu and was
resting at home. My wife works and would leave me to rest and attend
to the odd chores at home. Basically there was a dusting woman who
would come and clean the house and an Iron man who would collect
clothes for ironing. After I bid goodbye to my wife I went to the
toilet to shave. I was into my second course when suddenly the
doorbell rang. "Just coming", I shouted for the benefit of the
person at the door. I put on my dressing gown and walked right to
the door only to see a maid standing at the door. As I opened the
door she broke into a giggle on seeing my face with some shaving
cream.

" Kabhi kisi ko shaving karte nahin dekha kya?" I snubbed her asking
of she had never seen a man shaving before this. She asked for the
clothes for ironing. I had never seen this woman and asked for
Ashok, the regular ironing guy. She said, "Sahib, wo ghar gaye hai
mai uski biwi hun aur kapre press karungi" She told me that she was
his wife and will iron clothes as he was away to the village. Asking
her to come inside, I went to get the clothes. She was standing at
the door and I asked her to come inside and shut the door, as there
was a slight breeze and I did not want to aggravate my situation,
she shut the door behind her. As I gave her the clothes her hand
came in touch with mine, it was WARM and I felt shivers down my
spine. She paid no attention and was busy counting the clothes.
Suddenly I felt the urge to go take a shag. The heat of her hands
had excited me in a strange way. "Jaldi Kar muje tayar hona hai.
Tera nam kya hai?

"Rupa, babu ji" and she pulled her sari slightly to sit down on the
floor as she did her sari pallu moved to one side reveling her deep
cleavage. Her blouse was at least two sizes small but also wet right
in front of her nipples. Her sight was a turn-on and I was up under
my gown saluting this strange lady. I was naked under the gown and
was finding it difficult to hid MY movements under it.

So I sat down on the sofa next to her. I realized I had to get a
conversation going so I asked her why was her blouse wet, she looked
down innocently at her wetness and then turned to look at me red in
embarrassment. As she did she lost her balance and fell on my right
foot parked unintentionally behind her. I happily supported her with
my hands only this time I was touching her bare abdomen helping her
gain balance. "Are, tera badan to mere badan se bhi garam
hai?" "Bukhar hai kya?" I enquired trying to sound concerned.

She straightened hiding her blush and rearranged her sari pallu to
cover herself, and begin counting the clothes again. But my position
was miserable. "Kya to akele rahe gi?" My foot was under her
buttocks; she was literally sitting on it. I would caress her
buttocks when she moved trying to get the clothes together. "Kya
kare, rehna parta hai. Mei to 6 mahena ke bacchi bhi hai sath". The
picture became clear, she had just finished feeding her baby. "Kahan
hai woo ?" I enquired. "So rahi hai", she said. Giving me her diary
to write the counted clothes in. Once again her fingers touched mine
and this time she looked into my face a smiled. "Aap ke bhi to garam
hain." "Mujeh to bukhar hai, Tere hath kyun garam hain." I
asked "Kya bat hai ?" "Dekh mare tere se thande hain", I said taking
both her hands in mine.

"Aap ka sharer to bilkul thanda hai, Sahib". She sounded concerned
and put her palm on my forehead to check. "Pasena kyon aa raha
hai ?" she enquired and took her pallu to wipe the sweat from my
face and forehead. I realized this was my chance and feigned fatigue
and pretended to become weak, "Rupa, kya tu mere liya ek cup chay
bana de gi. Mujhe bahut kamzori mehsus ho rahi hai ? What did this
woman know that it was the situation that was making me sweat.

As she went to the kitchen asking me to sit tight and relax my mind
started working overtime on what to do next? I realized that with a
little coaxing I could get this HOT - POT....Oh ! I wanted this one.
While she was busy making tea for me my mind was racing planning the
next move. I laid myself on the sofa, where I had been sitting.
Arranging my gown in such a way that one of my leg was exposed right
up to my thigh. She returned with a cup in her hand, and found my
eyes shut. As She came closer, I saw her eyes open wide in shock
seeing my bare legs. I was watching from under closed eyes, her hand
covers her mouth in astonishment. She kept the cup on the table and
said "Sahib Ji - utho, chai ban gaye."

I continued to keep my eyes closed she kept hers on my thigh. The
gown slipped further reveling some of my groin. She tried stopping
the slide of my gown but missed it and her hand came in contact with
my flesh. I was erect, her first reaction was to move away but then
she stared at the raised portion of my gown that was now twitching.
Slowly her hand went under it and took hold of it. Friends I am 6' +
and well built with a 6.5" and 2.5" wide tool, the very size and
made her sigh. Suddenly she let me free, a little confused even
though excited she was not sure of my reaction. My eyes were shut,
she looked at my face as once again she put her fingers around my
Jumbo, which was absolute action mode. She got it back into her
hands and as I widened my legs she could see my balls, her breath by
now was coming out heavy and her tongue often wetting her parched
lips. Her other hand came around to caress my balls. She sat on the
floor near the sofa and continued fumbling with her hands on me.
While one hand went up and down on my dick the other roamed around
my legs, thighs, groin, testicles all over.

Suddenly the bell rang and startled she almost fell on the floor. I
caught her by her arm and stopped her fall as I kept my fingers on
my lips asking her to remain quiet. Arranging my gown I stood up and
opened the door to see the cleaning woman there. I told her that I
was in my bath and that she should come sometime later before
bolting the door for the first time.

She in the meanwhile was picking up the bundle of clothes and was
ready to leave. Kahan ja rahi hai Rupa ? I asked holding her by her
waist. "Nahi.. nahin muje jani do sahib", she started to protest.
Abhi tak to TOO maje le rahi the, abhi achanak yeh jane ke kya bat
yad aay gaye." I asked. But soon her pallu fell and this made me
mad. But she would not let me touch her so I pushed her against the
wall and as she tried to balance herself with her hands, I grabbed
at her blouse that held her breast with hooks in front. The
suddenness of the move snapped three out of four hooks and now her
blouse was hanging on the last one.

"Yeh kya kiya aapne ?" She asked. "Wohi jo tum mere lund ke sat itni
der se kar rahi thi", I replied. She found her self cornered and was
also so she realized there was no getting away. "Sahib aap ne mujeh
dekha tha hat lagat hue". She asked. I nodded and she blushed red.
My peter was saluting again this time hitting her buttocks as I
embraced her from the back. One of her breast had popped out of her
blouse and was dripping some milk and as soon as I felt the wetness
on my palm I asked her, "Rupa, mujeh doodh pilaogi ?" "Na, na she
made a feeble protest. Her own excitement making things difficult
for her. Before she could confirm anything I had her facing me with
her oozing breast in my mouth.

Never had I been able to experience this before, my own wife was a
little stuck up about such issue and a nursing mother was not easy
to come by. The feeling was incredible warm, wet and strangely sweet
fluid. I was sucking at her boobs like a mad man. The other hand
massaging her other breast and pressing her buttocks close and hard
to my crotch.

Ummmn..... Ummmn.... Aahh...aahh were the only sounds she was mumbling
getting a little hysterical. I asked her to keep her voice down and
took her into the guest room. "Ashoak ne akhri bar there sath kab
sambandh kiya tha ?" I asked. " Ek sal se jyada ho gaya, jab mere
pet me bacha tha us ne muj se sambhog rakhna band kar diya." She
explained holding onto my head. "Aaur joor se chusoo...mera thaan ko".
She told me that her husband did not approve making love to her
while she was still breastfeeding their child. "Laken aap jesi choos
rahe hain muje bahut aachha lag raha hai, aab doosre wale ko bhi
choso na", pleading she gave her other breast. "Woh to pagal hai", I
said "Tuje fikar karne ke zarurat nahi hai ab. Mere pass aa jaya
ker".

In the mirror of our guest room I could see this rather dark but
strangely attractive maid with stark red lipstick and a red sindoor,
eyes shut tight biting her lower lip as I let my hands roam around
unobtrusively anywhere...oh ! everywhere. . Her pelvis was now shaking
and her hips hitting my crotch with force and crushing my manhood
desperately trying to make a deeper contact. The poor thing was
starved for it and made no effort to hide her eagerness.

I lifted her on the study table pushing her sari and the petticoat
underneath up. She really looked a sight with a blouse still hanging
on her shoulders, large breasts dripping milk that I had just
feasted on. I found her not wearing a panty, which excited me,
further as I spread her legs. Her bush was thick and it took me a
while finding her love nest which was already dripping with her pre
cum. "Bahut Pyasi hai ?" I asked and she simply pulled me face onto
her breast urging me to suck her more. I obliged without any
hesitation and used my thumb to tickle her clitoris. The moment I
touched she shrieked "Ooue Ma!!!! Han, han ha...nn bahuuuut mazzza
aaa raha hai." before she could utter another word I crushed her
lips with a deep throat kiss. She was swallowing for air and
whispering "bus aur nahi seh paongi"

I told her this was only the beginning. My peter in the mean while
was hitting the side of the table, which now was beginning to hurt.
But I wanted her to remember this one session with me all her life
and really did not bother. My lips trailed kisses on her chin, neck
shoulders, breast, and midriff till I reached her navel. My
forefinger & middle finger now replaced my thumb and were together
penetrating her hot depths. The insides had been flooded and it was
beginning to drop on the table too. As I licked inside her navel she
again mumbled something, so I let my left palm cover her mouth,
continuing to kiss and lick her navel I allowed my right thumb to
start tickling her anus as my fingers continued their pounding of
her "choot". Things were really getting wetter inside - my fingers
finding her G-Spot and twisting it between them. My thumb
stimulating her clitoris, she swallowed hard biting into my palm
before shuddering into another orgasm.

I kept finger her and brought my mouth down to drink her overflowing
juices. "Yeh to mere sath kabhi bhi nahi hua, Sahib." The doorbell
rang, we heard someone call out "Chachi - O' Chachi".

"Sahib, mera bhatija aya hai mujhe jana hoga". Wrapping her pallu
around her open blouse was the only way she could cover her aroused
plight, she rushed out with the "bundles of clothes" in front of her
breast making a solid line of visual defence. I pulled her back in
my arms at the door and planted a deep kiss on her now so yielding
lips that tasted blood. "Main tujhe nahin jane doonga." I said
digging both my hands into her soft and yielding buttocks.

Sahib, mujeh aapne bhatije se press shoro to karwane do - adhe
ghante me wapis aate hon.".

When I closed the door shut I saw my palm, the bitch had bitten into
it and there was blood - this was something I had never realised but
suddenly I found the idea of being bitten exciting - this one was
hot really hot.... !
The WAIT was long. But . . . .

She did not return. The excitement got me to shag a couple of time
before I finally had my bath. It was lunchtime so I grabbed
something to eat and went to relax on my bed watching TV. I do not
know when I went off to sleep, but the ringing of the bell woke me
up. I walked up to the door to open and realized it was almost three
in the evening. There she was standing with her nephew at the door
with the "gatari" of ironed clothes on her head. As I opened the
door I heard her telling the child that "Babu ji khabi bhi mujhe
bulwa de to aak kar batana zarur. Enhone Kapre dhulwane hain kuch
dino ke liye"

She walked provocatively past me and laid the clothes on the sofa in
the drawing room. "Accha ab tu chala ja aur baki kapre bandh bandh
ker sab ke ghar de aur press ko thanda kar - koyla bahar pekhna.,
mein sahib ke kapre dho ker aate hun". "Aur sun Munee rone lage to
god me utha ker khila dena, accha ?", she added as the door closed
behind her.

I caught her by her hair that was tied and pulled her toward the
study - room. "Dard ho raha hai sahib, Itne jor se mat kheencho",
she pleaded. "Accha jab to ne muje hath me kata tab kuch nahin hua",
showing my bitten palm I kissed her real hard. She was taken aback
with the suddenness of my action and lost her balance falling
against the wall. My lips crushed her with a force so hard that she
hurt her lips against her own teeth, but the bitch was kissing me
back her tongue fighting mine. My hands in the meantime had her
blouse opened and were working on her full breasts. The nipples hurt
as I pinched them and she moaned, "Bhoot dukhta hai, dheera, sahib".

Her hips had began their rocking motion, going back and then
pressing against my harness, which after the morning sessions and a
couple of shags was hurting me now. But my member was getting hard.
I thought it felt harder and bigger than I had felt it before - it
was trying to come out of the shorts that I was wearing. Leaving her
lips, I trailed kisses on her chin, neck, and now bare shoulders.
The shoulder tickled under my caress and kisses and sent shivers
down her spine she arched her bosom out toward my advancing mouth.
This lady had real fire inside, she desperately was looking for
release. Her arms were around my buttocks pressing my hardness into
her yearning love nest.

When my mouth reached her nipples, I disengaged and looked at them,
the nipples were really large and pointed they beckoned me to feast
on them. While fingers of my left hand traced circles on her ample
left breast the right one went under the close scrutiny of my mouth.
First I planted a kiss on the nipple that made her shudder and
thrust herself closer to my manhood and then my tongue started
leaving wet trails as it went around the ample terrain. "Han. Han...
oh.. han...oh ..oh", she started mumbling wanting me to take the
nipple in my mouth. I did not - instead planted small love bites
around her breast enjoying its heat and weight on my cheek. My
teasing was exciting her more...

As I switched sides, and paid attention to the left breast, she
blurted out of sheer frustration, "Aap enko chooste kyu nahin
hain ?" she thrust her nipple in my face the thing missed my mouth
and got my cheek. The feeling was gorgeously hot. "Subha to sare ka
sara doodh khatam kar deya tha, aab kyu nahin peeta ?", she retorted
in frustration. But I had other plans, and continued to kiss her
midriff and gradually trailed my lips and fingers around it while
approaching her navel. Sticking my tongue out I started tickling her
navel that tasted salty and smelt the strong pungency of her sex
through her sari. My mouth was now busy just above the folds of
where she tied her sari my hands were kneading her buttocks and
running up and down the back of her legs, caressing them through her
sari. She was starting to shiver with passion and her moaning
continued so did her heavy breathing that was coming out as gasps. I
looked up at her and she was quiet a sight with blood on her lips
her own hands on her breasts squeezing and kneading with her eyes
shut closed to her surroundings. For complete two minutes that I
disengaged from her I could see her busy with her breasts, she was
also desperately trying to get her nipple into her own mouth. MAN
SHE WAS HHOOTT !!

Slowly I started to lift her sari and petticoat with both my hands.
Whenever my hand came in contact with her skin her legs trembled and
a louder gasps escaped her lips. My own mouth was almost touching
her legs leaving a hot & moist trail of breath as it followed my
hands moving upwards. I reached her buttocks to realize that she was
dripping wet. I went close to her moist hairy pussy and let a warm
breath on it before licking some of her love juice that had settled
on her pubic hair. Her pubic area was extremely hot and its smell
pungent it was like looking down inside a volcano inside a dense
forest. Her pussy lips twitched in anticipation. My hands continued
to caress her silken thigh, soft and a little fleshy close to her
hips. This was heaven I thought and new that this woman was mine for
as long as I wanted her. I realized most of what I was doing had
never been done to her before besides she had no-sex for more than a
year. As I started to lick her thighs around her knees she almost
buckled and fell down. Down came her hands and rested on my shoulder
as I continued to sit on my knees and let my mouth and hands give
her pleasures. Her heavy breasts were now against my head and their
warm, soft and swollen feel was enough to drive me faster towards
her core. I opened the folds of her vagina and started to massage
the entrance with the help of my hand. Her clit was erect and stood
out from behind the folds and my tongue went straight for it as I
licked it she shuddered into a big orgasm. Her hands holding her
breast to my head and her hips thrusting into my mouth as if asking
me to drink her dry.

"Mar gaye mein. - Kya kare rahe ho aap ?" Mujse raha nahi jata babu
ji aab to mat satao mujhe or mujko chod do", hearing her desperate
plea for a fuck. As I placed my lips close to her vaginal lips - she
started to come again this time discharge with a greater force and
mumbling "Hey Ma yeh kya ho gaya mujhe ?" Oh.....Ohhhhhhhh.
aaaaa.......ahhhhhhhhnn. Haaannn.. Haaaannnn - yeh kya kiya tone
babu.....OOOhhhhhhhhhh ..... aaahhhh.

I lifted her on my shoulder and carried her to our guest room. On
the was I opened my shorts and let them fall as we reached that
room. I drew all curtains, switched on the music system to cover for
any unwarranted sounds that this bitch might come out with and then
disrobed her. I went and stood next to her and pushed my dick into
her face. She looked at me questioningly and I ordered "Choos ese,
aur badhiya choos taki main teri choot hke ache khatir kar
sakoon.". "Mene kabhi nahi choosa, Sahib." She said reluctantly
taking me inside her mouth. What followed after this was extremely
pleasurable as I had a amature cock sucker trying hard to please me.
Her rustic approach and her seeking eyes trying hard to reciprocate
the goodness of my foreplay. Things got the better of me and I
pushed her back on the bed and mounted her, my penis helped by her
eager hands into her warm wetness.
She cried a little as I made my first push and I realized that she
may be tight because of lack of action in the past year. The very
thought of a tight pussy excited me and made me push harder, my hand
went to cover her mouth and though it managed to suppress her scream
it got bitten hard in the process. This excited the animal in me and
during this session went after her milk laden breasts. I started
sucking on them hard, drawing all the milk I could. While my hips
had now taken a rhythm which was being met by her tight pussy. She
was throwing her head from side to side and mumbling animated
sounds. " Hanh ...hanh.. inhe aur joor se kato... choos lo mera thano
ko..khatam kar do mera doodh par........ she said - mujhe itne jor se
chodo ke meri phat jayege." "Ooie Maa !"

As I changed onto the second nipple I saw that the first one had
become absolutely red and there were marks from my hard sucking all
around it. But she simply pushed the other one into my mouth without
complaining. Gradually my pounding was getting comfortable for her
and now instead of hitting back when I pounded into her she was
hitting back when I was withdrawing the fighting bitch was getting
tamed. She crossed her legs behind my back into a tight lock and
squeezed her inner muscles often trying to dislodge my manhood from
its base.

Chap..chap...I could now hear the sound of wetness that had once again
started to ooze out of her pussy and this drove me wild. I spread
her thighs and lifted her legs toward her bosom making her rest her
knees now on my shoulder. This way I could go deeper and I started
hitting her pussy with much longer and deeper strokes. A "Hai"
accompanied every push from me from her. Suddenly she came and I saw
her eyes roll up and her hands tearing into the bed sheet above her
head - it was great to see her swollen 38" sized melons swaying as
she arched her self from one side to another. I clasped one nipple
between my thumb and fore-finger trying to stop the sway.

Her insides were flooded and her cum was trickling down the crevices
of her arse onto the sheet. I took my drenched member out of her and
after placing two pillows asked her to lye on a metal box that was
3' x 5' with a height of 2, made her lie face down on it. Her
buttocks shivered in anticipation and I knew this one will be the
best session for the Dhobin. I asked her to lift her arse and shoved
my member into her. IT was so slippery inside that I needed little
time to park myself deep. Now instead of positioning from above her
behind I got parked on her buttocks. They were incredibly soft and
soft and the sensation was unbearable for me. But the angle was
taking me very very deep and she was shaking her head in agony. I
was touching the inner most wall of hers and was enjoying as my
balls came and hit the softness of those beautiful buttocks. As I
came I bent down and bit her hard on the back of her shoulder before
collapsing with my full weight on her. My teeth in her flesh brought
her to her another orgasm and she stiffened her legs straight.

Her hands and neck fell loose in fatigue as she just lay there under
me for sometime. "Ashoak, ne kabhi mujhe itne der tak maza diya -
Sala apne apko marad kehta hai or ab kehta hai ke mere se sambhog
nahin kare ga".she said as she came and sat next to me on the bed
now. My member was loosing its stiffness but felt very sore, she was
kissing my chest and gently wiping the cum from my penis. "Sahib
yakeen karo aaj se pehlle main ne kabhi bhi kise luund ko nahin
choosa", "Acha laga ke nahi", I asked hugging her into me.
"Mei ab thumari hui Sahib, aaj se pehle mene itne kushi kabhi bhi
mehsoos nahi kar paye". "Aap jab chao muje bulwa ke mere sath
sambandh kar saketae ho." I asked her to get ready and help me tidy
the place as my wife was to return any moment. Hurriedly she got her
clothes together and went about wearing them.

As she was buttoning up her blouse I could see the umpteem love
bites that I had made on her mammaries. "Tera doodh bahut meetha
hai, Rupa ... kabhi .. kabhi apne munee ke bad hamara bhi khayal
rakhna". I said.

Before leaving she helped me clean up the place and at the door she
asked, "Mein aap se phir kab mil saktee hoon?" Wow ! I said to
myself this was great. I knew that my wife, who was a teacher left
early in the morning at least 3 hours before I left for work and
told her that would be the most convenient time to MATE. "Roz subha
7.30 baje ke bad". I saw the shaky walk as disheveled clothes, which
she tried desperately to straighten.

A little later when my wife returned I told her that today I found
help to wash clothes. She was extremely happy as we had been trying
for someone for months now. So friends until next time then.

By the way why don't you try touching these dhobin's - OH ! they
sure emit a lot of heat and steam.