Sex with my cousin sister

By: Uma


Hi, this is Shiva from Coimbatore. This story is with my cousin Uma.
Reading the Indian stories in the related websites which
are very much arousing. Anyway is my story with Uma which happened when
I was in college.

If you like it please mail me at loveablesiva@rediffmail.com and i you
have any comments to Uma, you can mail her at umagp@yahoo.com as she had
commanded me to put her id on the net for the ladies who are interested
to have lesbian sex with her.

As it would interesting if we use some local language for the people of
Tamil Nadu, I had used some words in Tamil to satisfy them and its
translations in English for others. So here it starts :

Every time I go to my grandpa's home at Kerela during vacations I have
the same hot thought that is my little cousin sister Uma.
Although she is in Kerela she is good in Tamil & English too.

Uma and I were of same age (I was the oldest by 2 months) and were
unusually close for a brother and sister. We had shared
about everything on this world. I do not know when I started seeing Uma
as a young women rather than my sister.When we'd get together during our
visits home, I'd find myself staring at her ass or licking my lips over
her tits. I started fantasizing
about her when I masturbated, and even got aroused just from being in
the same room with my sister.

It was all very confusing. But at the same time it was exciting. The
orgas ms I had after jacking off with images of Uma on my bed were the
best I ever had at that time.

One day when we were alone and suddenly she asked Anna, PUNDAINA ENNA
ARTHAM (what is the meaning for pussy).

Me : Yen yethuku athai kekurai (why you are asking this)
She : Illai, neriya peru antha varthaiya solli thittikaranga
(lots of people are using this word while scolding
others)
Me : Ithu annan thangaiku solli kodukuru vaarthai illai
(no, this words are not to be said by a brother to
sister)
She : Illai anna, naan vera yarukittayum ithai pathi keka
mudiyathu, Innum niraia vaarthai pathi enakku
theriyanum.
Ookkarathu na enna, Sunni na enna (I cant ask it to
anyone.
I need meaning for some more words)

I somehow tried to put off to other topic but her intention to know made
clear that she wont leave me until she hear about it
from me. I dont know whether she is purposefully asking me or not (as
almost all school going girls itself knew each and every
word about it). I later came to know that she had asked about it knowling.

Me : Pundai na Ne onukku yengerunthu poveo, antha edathu peru thaan
pundia. Naan yengerunthu onukku poveno, antha
edathu peru thaan Sunni (PUNDAI means the place from where you piss and
the place where I piss is known as Sunni).

She felt somewhat uneasy with what I told but did not leave this subject.

She : Ookkarathu na enna ANNA

I told that it was not a subject that brother and sister can discuss and
it should be discussed only by lovers and married
couples. She asked if it was a bad thing. She asked me to give her a
hint. I told her that to perform that work, they have to get naked. Her
white chicks blushed red and told me sorry and ran away.

But from the next day our conversations move to a new subject. Whenever
we were alone, She kept asking me about sex
relationship etc. She told me to teach her. Although I had intention to
do so,I just pretended to disagree it, but she convinced me to do so. I
told her ok. She was very happy. I showed her some X-rated cds next day.

Anna, antha padathai parthathil irunthu enakku ennamo pol irukku, Nethu
rathiri thookame varalai (she told me these movies are doing something
to her and she cant sleep at night.) Anna, enakku athe mathiri seiyanum
pola thonuthu, nama rendu
perum seiyalama, vera yarayum enala namba mudiyala (She then told me
directly that she needed sex badly and I was the only one who she can trust)

I was very happy inside. but i told her that it was not a good idea. She
was begging me for sex satisfaction. We planned to
have it on that Sunday as the others are going to our farm house a few
miles away. We are sure that they wont be back until evening and we
decided not to go with them. But we had only the morning hours free as
the servants will come home by 1.00 p.m. Meanwhile she had already known
from me all the nasty words in Tamil related to sex.

As planned we stayed on Sunday. I could no longer hold back I wanted her
badly. I already made my mind up, and just wanted to kiss her. That's
exactly what I did. Her lips were moist and tender. She didn't respond
at first so I pulled her closer
tighter to me, kissing her more passionately. Then she kissed me back
more deeply, her hands scouring threw my hair. My hands instantly moved
to her lovely curvy ass pushing her hips closer to mine as I began to
taste her mouth and tongue. She could now feel my raging hard on
pressing against her.

Her sari had now fallen from her shoulder revealing her lovely more than
a handful breasts screaming to get out of the tight
fighting blouse she was wearing. I could clearly see the nipples since
she was not wearing a bra. Our kissing grew deeper and she gasped mid
breath from one of the longer kisses.Anna, konjam wait pannu (please
wait brother) I didn't let her finish what she was going to say I
already knew what she meant. I broke the clasps on her blouse and
greedily grabbed the beautiful melons I was presented with my tongue
halfway down her throat. My hands began squeezing her buttock cheeks
pushing her hips against my aching cock. Uma had put her hands down the
front of my trousers. Letting out a little yelp of excitement as she
caressed my cock.

My hands slowly following the curves of her slender contoured waist down
to the layers of sari folds. That I impatiently
pulled at making the sari drop to the ground. Uma had loosened my belt
and opened my zipper, her hands delving to my trousers yanking out my
hard on. She caressed my cock sending shivers through my body. She
enjoyed watching my reaction with every little motion of her fist
wrapped hard around my member. My hands had quickly pulled down her
petticoat alongwith her white lacy panties to reveal the most gorgeous
sight I have ever seen. Her bush was well hairy no shaving here. My hand
instantly parting her legs to find a moist love mound. I gently rubbed
along her slit, backwards and forwards before finding her clit. She
gently began to moan as I expertly rubbed her clit. Oh! Oh! She moaned
and cried "Seekiram ulla udu anna" fuck me brother, fuck me soon! I
gently parted her cunt lips rubbing the tip of my cock against her love
mound and clit. She moaned deeply her breathing getting heavier and
heavier. She was really wet now and I gently eased my cock inside her
vagina feeling her tight resistance of her virginal hymen. Her hands
fell to my bare ass grabbing them tightly.

She looked at me deeply, breathing heavily.

"Seekiram saiyu anna, she cried. (Do it soon brother)

Her eyes were now wide with passion she hungrily kissed me staring deep
into my opens eyes while helping me thrust into her
deeply . Her noise of pain & pleasure resulted in her biting me
everywhere she can as my cock was drawing blood from her wet pussy. The
kissing became the most intense and passionate as I have ever had in my
life. Her hips moving in gentle rythm to
mine, her hands clasping tightly against my ass, my left hand clasping
both her cheeks and pushing her into me, my other hand
on her breasts massaging and feeling her melons. My thrusts varied from
deep penetrating long ones to quick in outs, our moans being lessened by
our lips. She had orgasmed two times each time I could feel her quiver
all over under me she would then
tense up her back arching before finally buckling, she'd scream in my
ear before hungrily finding my mouth again. My thrusts now became more
violent and I lifted her up of the ground pushing her harder against the
wall. Her arms wrapped around my back our mouths still locked together
our teeth rattling together with each thrust. Oh Umaaaa !!!!!!!

My thrusting became harder deeper, she had bled heavily and she was now
cumming heavily. My hands were pressed hard against her swaying tits my
thumbs rubbing her nipples. She started to moan louder almost shouting
into the middle of the night. Oh oh ohmmmmmmm louder and louder. My
thrusting was much faster I could feel her vaginal muscles clasping my
cock tightly, her wetness allowing me to penetrate her deeply. Her
sounds of pleasure were getting louder with each thrust of my hips. I
really began to pound her pussy and it has expanded each of my thrust.
My balls tensed up and I shot my loads into her and she began to tense
up as she climaxed at the same time. Her pussy overflowed with her cum
and mine mixed with a little blood. I lay deep inside her for at least
five minutes still kissing.

Without getting up from bed she said "Romba nalla anubavichen Anna" (I
enjoyed a lot brother) "Naan poi kuluchitu varen" (I go and take bath
and come).

I got up and pushed her shoulders so that her face was now in line with
my cock. I guided my cock to her mouth, before she
could say another word my member had parted her lips past her teeth deep
into her mouth all she could do was mumble. She
looked at me with an almost hurt expression.

"Oombu Uma" , (suck it Uma) I said hornily. At first she tried to pull
away but I gently guided her head back. Slowly I began to thrust in and
out of her mouth. She looked deep into my eyes not looking away
throughout the whole blowjob. She reluctantly at first began to suck
lightly but gradually she began to suck harder with new-found enthusiasm
her hands playfully jiggling my balls whilst my free hands squeezed her
breasts. My balls began smacking her face as I began to thrust into her
faster, her nose going deep into my pubic hair. My balls began to tense
and I was going to shoot my load with horror she tried to pull away but
I forced her head to take my member further into her throat. I began to
squirt in her warm inviting mouth in stream jets, feeling my cum
splashing at the back of her mouth almost making her choke from the cum.

"Mulungu" (Swallow it), I demanded. Well there wasn't much else she
could do so she drank as much as she could the rest flooding out of the
sides of her mouth falling onto the lower half of her body.

"Ithuvum romba nalla thaan irukuthu" (That wasn't so bad was it), she
said as I pulled out of her.She obviously liked the taste
because she licked me clean."Oh shit", she said as she saw the time.
"We've been doing this for a long time and its almost
12.30." We hurriedly dressed up left for our rooms. After that day we
made love whenever we got time until I was there for my
vacation. Mail your comments at loveablesiva@rediffmail.com to me and at
umagp@yahoo.com to Uma.


* Tell us how you liked this story* *( 1 is worst - 5 is best)*

* * *

				
*1* 	*2* 	*3* 	*4* 	*5*

*
Story viewed: *1957* times
Find more submissions from this author, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/search.php?id=2631>
Tell a friend about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/send_page.php?id=2631>
Post/Read comments about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/comments.html?id=2631>

