T25 Cousin Swap {Titmouse} (MFMF,anal)
---------------------------------
WARNING NOTICE: 
 
   The following story is erotic fiction and includes 
descriptions of explicit sex.  If you are a minor or
if such things may offend you, quit reading now.
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

                    Cousin Swap

                    by Titmouse
           (C)1999, All Rights Reserved



	When Alec suggested that we swap partners, Eve - the girl I had just 
fucked - reached over the seat and swatted the back of his head.  Jody, his date 
and Eve's cousin, shrieked in outrage and called him several bad names.  He and I 
both laughed and pretended that it was a joke.
	When the storm had died down, Alec said, "No, seriously, why don't we?" 
which set off another one.  Somewhere in the middle of it, while she was still 
ragging on Alec, I noticed Jody look at me.  Our eyes met in a brief, blank glance 
that showed nothing but meant everything.  She was pretending to be outraged but 
really wasn't.  Her gaze shifted to Eve.
	This time, when the storm had died down, it was Jody who said, "No, 
seriously, why don't we?"  And there was a silence in the car.  For a long time.  
We all turned to Eve, who looked at each of us, then said, "Okay, why don't we?"
	Jody smiled at her.  "Just this once," she said.
	"Just this once," Eve repeated, nodding.
	Even though they were committed, it was still awkward.  Neither of them 
could figure out how to take the next step.  As young as I was, I knew better than 
to suggest anything.  I'd never hear the end of it.  But I was praying like crazy.
	"Change places with me," Jody said.  "Come on up here."
	That was enough to get them moving.  Eve, still naked from the waist 
down, crawled over the front seat with Jody's help and slipped down between 
them.  Had there been more light in the car, I would have had a perfect view of her 
snatch.  For a moment, there were three of them in the front seat.  Jody stretched 
her arms around both, sort of pulling them together.  She kissed Alec deeply, then 
kissed Eve on the cheek.
	"Take good care of my baby," she said to Eve.  "And you," she said to 
Alec, "fuck her good and hard.  If she's only going to get it once, it ought to be 
worth it."  Then she let go of them, turned to me with a smile, and held her hands 
out me.  I helped her climb over the seat back to join me.  My cock, which had 
shot its load only a few minutes before, was suddenly rock hard again.  This was 
by far the sexiest thing I'd ever done.
	Alec glanced back at me.  I winked with the eye that Jody couldn't see.  
We'd planned this the day before, or speculated about it anyway.  We'd both said 
that it was okay with us but the girls would never agree.  Surprise!
	Eve looked back at me from the front seat.  "Don't look," she said, and 
watched me until I turned away.
	I looked at Jody, and she smiled at me.  Like Eve, she was naked from the 
waist down.  She had a tight, ribbed undershirt over her breasts that she'd pulled 
down.  From the way her nipples poked the cloth out, though, it was obvious that 
there was nothing under the shirt but bare tit.
	"Hi," she said.
	"Hi, yourself," I said back.  I put my arm around her shoulder and she 
snuggled into me, raising her lips for a kiss.  I was happy to oblige.
	This would never have happened if either Alec or I had been serious about 
either of these girls.  But we had just met them two weekends before, up at the 
Lake Shaeffer.  They were staying at a cabin with Jody's parents for two weeks; 
we'd driven up from Lafayette looking for action.  We'd both scored the night we 
met them, all in the car together, just like tonight.  We'd made a date that night to 
come back this weekend.  And here we were again, all in the car together, just like 
before.  Almost.
	Jody kissed better than Eve.  I pushed my tongue into her mouth and Jody 
opened wide to welcome it.  The kiss went on for a long time.  After a while, I slid 
my hand under her top and up to cup her tit.  Jody wriggled her chest against my 
hand, letting me know she liked it.
	Her tits were smaller than Eve's, but I didn't mind.  In my hand, Eve's tit 
had seemed ponderous and less responsive.  She seemed to get little pleasure from 
my fondling them although completely willing to let me indulge myself.  Jody, in 
contrast, responded eagerly to my touch, squirming and pressing back into my 
hand.  Her tit fit my palm perfectly, her nipple sticking out like a pencil eraser.  I 
hiked her blouse up and felt the other one, too.  It matched.
	Jody slid her hand into my lap and wrapped her fingers around my dick.  I 
pushed my ass forward in response, and my cock slid through her grip.  It was still 
greasy from Eve's pussy.
	"Ooh," Jody whispered, "looks like you're ready."
	"Hell, yes!" I whispered back.
	Truth is, I'd preferred Jody from the start, but Eve had latched on and 
never let go.  Not that I minded much.  She was pretty enough - strawberry-
blonde hair, blue eyes and stacked, top and bottom.  It's just that I've always 
preferred girls with Jody's build - slim and tight.  She was cute, peppy, and sexy as 
hell, with short brown hair, firm tits high on her chest, and long slender legs.  I'm 
pretty sure Alec would have preferred Eve to begin with.  The switch was his idea.
	I glanced at the front seat.  Alec was leaning back against it, and Eve was 
out of sight.  He let out a long sigh, and I was pretty sure Eve was swallowing his 
prick.  Jody and I looked at each other and smiled.
	I dropped my hand to her lap and pushed down toward her pussy.  She 
spread her thighs wider to give me room, and I slipped a finger into her.  I wasn't 
the only one still greasy.  Her cunt was slick with Alec's cum.
	"Oh, god!" Jody breathed in my ear as I churned my finger in her tunnel.  
When I slid my finger out and stroked her clit, she made a high, whiny sigh and 
shuddered.  Her clit felt like another nipple, but much slicker.
	"I'm still horny," she whispered in my ear.  "I... didn't make it with Alec."  
Her hand stroked my cock.  "That's why I wanted to change."
	I pushed two fingers into her pussy.  It was tight but slippery enough that 
they went in easily.  Jody moaned softly.
	"I wanted you anyway," she hissed.  "But Eve."
	"Yeah," I said.  "Me, too."
	"Really?"
	"Yeah."
	Jody rolled her hips around my probing fingers.  She pumped her hand on 
my prick.
	"Well, you're going to get me," she whispered.  "I want you to put this." 
she stroked my cock "right where you've got your fingers."
	"Now?"
	"Yeah, now."
	I slid my fingers out of her.  Before I could press Jody downward onto the 
seat, she rolled toward me and straddled my lap.  Her bare tits were right in my 
face, and I held her there while I licked and sucked on them.  She let me for a 
while, enjoying it, but she wanted more.   She sat down on my lap.  My cock 
poked up between her thighs.
	Jody wrapped her fingers around me and raised up again.  She closed her 
eyes in concentration, biting her lower lip between her teeth, while she maneuvered 
us into position.  I felt the head of my prick slip between the lips of her pussy and 
into the channel.  Slowly, Jody lowered herself onto it.  We were both slick 
enough that I slid right up into her without much resistance, although her cunt was 
tight and clutching.  I shifted my hips forward on the seat to get the last little part 
of my cock into her.
	"Oh, g-g-god!" she hissed.  "Oh, yes.  Right there!  Right in my little 
pussy."
	I hugged her tightly, keeping her pressed onto me.  We rolled our hips 
together, making my cock work inside of her.
	From the front seat, we heard Alec say "C'mon, do it!  Make me shoot!"  
But Eve sat up instead.  "No," we heard her whisper.  "I don't like that.  Why 
don't you just do me?"  She laid back against her door, all but the top of her head 
disappearing again.  Alec climbed to his knees and moved over her, looking back 
at me, running his eyes down Jody's back, and waggling his eyebrows.
	"I'd do it if you asked," Jody whispered.  "I'd like to suck you.  And make 
you come.  And swallow it."  She emphasized each statement with a push of her 
hips, driving me deep up into her pussy.  "But I want to cum.  And I need this.  Up 
inside me.  Like that!"
	I didn't say anything, just fucked her back.  The idea of poking my cock 
between her pouty lips and pumping myself into her mouth until I came sounded 
pretty good to me.  On the other hand, I was happy enough where I was.  Jody had 
a way of squeezing with her cunt muscle as she pulled back that had me clawing 
the seat with my fingernails.
	"Ah... Ah... Ah..." Jody panted in my ear.  "That's so good!"  She had 
been leaning into me, but now she sat up straight and put her hands behind her on 
my knees.  This made her pussy jut forward against me.  We fucked intensely for a 
few moments.  Then she fell forward and put her arms around me again.
	"Let's lie down," she whispered.  "I want to feel you on top of me."
	I was willing, although it was hard to let her slide backward and pull her 
tight cunt away from my straining prick.  On the other hand, it allowed me to cool 
off a little.  I'd been getting close.
	Jody slid sideways onto the seat and rolled onto her back.  She lifted her 
knees high and then scissored her legs around my waist as I turned toward her.  I 
looked down between us at the pale skin of her belly, the dark patch of fur on her 
mound, and the gash of her pussy below.  Slowly, I let my weight down onto her.
	"Put it in me," Jody said.  "I want it all the way in me."  I took my cock in 
hand and guided it to the wet, welcoming hole between her legs.  "Stick it in," she 
hissed.  "I want your cock in me.  Put it in my pussy."
	I put it in her pussy.  My prick pushed between the slick lips and oozed 
down into her.
	"Oh, yes," Jody breathed.  Her whole body quivered as I slid in.  She 
wrapped her arms around my neck and hooked her legs behind mine.  Her hips 
rose and rolled as she helped me work my cock in all the way.
	"Yes," she said again.
	I had been hearing sounds from the front seat periodically - soft grunts 
from Alec and sighs from Eve.  It was clear they were enjoying themselves in the 
front seat as much as we were in the back.  The car rocked gently in time to Alec's 
rhythmic thrusts, accompanied by faint smacks of flesh on flesh and Eve's soft 
cries.  It was incredibly sexy to be fucking together like this.  I drove my cock into 
Jody's pussy, and she strained upward to meet and swallow it.
	"Slow down, baby," I heard Eve say.  "Make it last."  The rocking from the 
front seat stopped.  Jody and I paused, too.
	Jody pulled an arm from around my neck, touched my cheek to get my 
attention, then press her index finger against her lips, signaling me to be quiet.  I 
was momentarily puzzled, because we weren't making any noise.  Then she slid 
her hand between us and began to work it down toward where we were joined.  I 
raised up to give her more room.
	Her fingers sought and found my cock where it half buried in her body, 
then wrapped around it.  She pushed up, indicating that she wanted me to raise up 
farther.  Uncertain but willing, I withdrew until just the head of my prick was still 
inside her.  Jody wrapped her whole hand around it and pressed upward again.  I 
slid completely out of her.
	Jody let go of my cock.  I felt her fingers working between us at her pussy 
and thought for a moment that she was fingering herself.  Then she pushed her 
hand even lower and did something.  When her fingers wrapped around me again, 
they were slick with fluids.
	Lifting her hips and pressing downward on me, Jody nestled my stiff cock 
between the cheeks of her fanny and guided the tip to rest against her butthole.  
She rolled her hips in one direction and my prick in the other, lubricating the 
opening.  I realized that she wanted me to fuck her there.  I'd heard of ass-fucking, 
of course, but I'd never even been close to doing it.
	Looking at her, I opened my eyes wide to indicate surprise, then narrowed 
them into a questioning look.  Jody smiled and nodded to show she knew what she 
was doing.  Then, slowly and lasciviously, she ran her tongue over her lips.
	With a slight tug forward on my cock, which was harder than ever now, 
she urged me inward.  Tentatively, I pressed forward.  The blunt head of my cock 
nudged against her asshole but did not penetrate, bending slightly instead as it met 
resistance.
	With a look of concentration, eyes closed and lips curled in between her 
teeth, Jody pushed up to meet my downward pressing shaft.  Slowly, her tight 
opening began to yield.  It felt to me like the head of my prick was being squeezed 
by a thick rubber band.  Then it popped past the ring of flesh and into her back 
channel.
	Jody's eyes flew open and she whimpered in pain.  Her hand pressed 
against my groin, stopping me from going farther.  We froze like that for several 
moments.  Then she let out a sigh and relaxed.  Her fingers urged me inward again.
	Slowly, gradually, with little pushes forward followed by brief pauses, I 
sank my hard-on into Jody's tight asshole.  It was the first time for me, although 
obviously not for her.  I was amazed at how it felt - tighter even than her tight 
pussy, clutching all along the length of my invading pole, am noticeably less 
slippery, despite the lubrication.
	Jody's response was also amazing and incredibly erotic.  While it was clear 
that she had to struggle to accommodate my straining prick in her tightly drawn 
ass channel, it was equally clear that she wanted it anyway, despite the pain.  After 
each pause to get used to another fraction of my length, she was ready for more, 
hunching her butt toward me to signal her willingness.  She moaned faintly each 
time I pushed deeper, then sighed with pleasure as her clutching channel stretched 
to accept me.
	I felt my pubic hair brush against her ass.  I was almost all the way in.  I 
pushed forward again, pressed against her ass cheeks, then spread them as my 
cock slid deep into Jody's bowel.  She let out a long sigh of relief and pleasure and 
wrapped her arms tightly around me.  I could feel her wet pussy lips against my 
groin.
	From the front seat, a steady rocking had resumed and was accelerating.  
Eve and Alec were both making little noises of passion as he pounded into her.  
	Jody put her lips to my ear.  "Fuck me," she commanded in a whisper.  
"Fuck my ass, baby.  Give it to me!"
	I pulled back slowly until only the head of my cock was gripped by her ass 
ring and then sank it back into her to the root.  Then I did it again, faster.  And 
again, faster still.
	Jody's eyes rolled upward.  She pushed her hand back down between us 
and began to play with her pussy, stroking and rubbing her clit.  Her breath was 
harsh in my ear.
	I was slamming my cock into her ass, now, plunging in and out of the 
tightly clutching canal.  Jody squeezed at me with her ass muscle as I pushed it 
deep into her hole, dragged it back, shoved it in again.  I fucked her harder and 
harder, smacking against her soft ass cheeks each time I drove my prick home.
	Jody was trembling and shaking.  "Oh, god. oh, god." she repeated 
over and over.  Alec and Eve were pounding away in the front seat, too.  I could 
hear him muttering to her, too low to be understood, and Eve was panting and 
whimpering as he socked it to her.
	"Come on," Jody hissed through clenched teeth.  "Give it to me.  Fuck me.  
Harder.  Harder.  Fuck my ass, baby.  Shove it in me.  Yes...  Oh, yes, baby.  Ah... 
Ahhhhh!"
	Her fingers flew at her clit, around and around.  I drove my raging hard-on 
into her ass savagely, grunting with the effort.  We were both trembling and 
sweating.  The smell of sex permeated the car.
	"Oh, yes, baby," Jody cried.  "I'm so close.  Do it!  Fuck me!  Fuck my 
asshole!  That's it!  That's it!  Ohhhhhh!"
	Her body went rigid.  She yanked her hand out from between us and threw 
it around my neck, squeezing me, pressing her pelvis and ass up against me.  Her 
body was shaking.  My cock churned in her butthole as her pussy rubbed fiercely 
against my mound.
	"Ahhhhhhhh, GOD!" she cried, and jerked like an epileptic.  "Yes!"
	Alec was coming, too, grunting and chanting "Fuck!  Fuck!  Fuck!" in time 
to his thrusts.  Eve, whether coming or not, was crying out in sympathy.  And then 
a bolt of lightning shot up my backbone, and I blew out through my cock like a 
punctured tire, spewing my cum up Jody's asshole.
	"Yes, baby!" Jody urged me, her heels kicking, spurring me.  "That's it.  
Cum!  Cum in me!  Fuck me!  Cum!"  And I did, in huge wracking spasms, 
slamming my cock up her ass like a railroad spike.

	We all lay there for a while, exhausted.  Then Alec giggled, and soon the 
car was rocking again with laughter.  Jody laughed so hard her butt spit me out, 
not to mention a large pool of my cum.
	"God, that was great," Alec said.  "I've never done anything like that."
	We all agreed it had been special.  We put ourselves back together 
gradually, passing the girls' clothes over the seat, all faintly embarrassed now.  Eve 
stayed in front with Alec, sitting close to him.  Jody snuggled into my arms in the 
back seat.  We drove back to Eve's folks' cabin, parking a little distance away to 
say goodnight.  Jody kissed me passionately before fixing her makeup.  When we 
got out of the car, Eve smiled and hugged me but didn't offer a kiss.  They both 
waved as they walked the short distance home.
	I never saw Jody again.  Her family lived in Illinois, and she had only come 
to spend part of summer vacation with her cousin.  I've never forgotten her, 
obviously, nor the new delight she introduced me to.
	I think I saw Eve, though.  Months later, I think it was early spring, my 
folks took me to Indianapolis to visit relatives.  As we passed through downtown, 
I think I saw Eve on the sidewalk.  She was with a small group of people and she 
was hugely pregnant.
	I've always wondered, of course.  If it was indeed Eve, it could have been 
my baby, or Alec's, or -- given her habits -- anyone's.  But it might have been mine.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
End of 'Cousin Swap' by Titmouse.
Story 25

Author's Note:

Yeah, right.  Okay, I admit this is fantasy.  In fact, I think I only had
sex in a car once, not counting a blowjob while driving the "Avenue of the
Giants" in Northern California.  And I never swapped with anyone.  And, with
one razor-thin possible exception, I never got anyone pregnant either.  But
I did come close to having two cousins.  Both mine.  Years apart.

                          ---
I welcome your comments but hate spam.  Send messages to
NiteSweats@aol.com and put 'Titmouse' somewhere in the subject line.
Anything else will be deleted automatically.	
