Library Humiliation
byklipthealien©

My name is Collette. I am 19 years old, have brown, frizzy hair, a little overweight, and have 32 c sized boobs. During high school, I got a part time job working as a librarian's assistant at a local catholic high school. My job was to shelve books and help the kids find whatever books they were looking for. It was pretty fun at times, but one day at the beginning of my second year working there, everything changed.

A teacher brought her 12th grade class in to look for books for a research project, and I was there to help some of the kids find books on the subject they were researching. At one point, 3 boys (Chase, John and Adam) came up to me and asked if I could help them find a book about bats. I took them to a section near the back of the library where we had all of our scientific books on animals. The library was very big for the school, so I needed to use a ladder to get to the top of the shelves to get them some books they could use. 

Unfortunately, I happened to be wearing a skirt that day, and when I looked down, the boys were taking pictures up my skirt with their phones. I was really angry with them and I told them to delete the pictures. Adam said "I don't think we will. You can't make us". That pissed me off royally, and I grabbed their phones out of their hands and ended up hurting one of them by twisting his arm too much. Instead of leaving, which I thought they would do, they said that they would tell the teacher that I hurt them. I didn't want that to happen. I didn't want to lose my job, or worse, have assault charges filed against me. I begged them not to and said that I would do anything for them to not tell. That got their attention.

"Alright, we won't tell the teacher", said Chase, "but you need to do anything we say"

"Fine, I will, just please don't tell her" I begged. 

"Ok then, lift up your skirt", said Adam. "I want to see your panties"

"No way", I said "I won't do that. I'm in public"

"You said anything we wanted. This is what we want. Or we could just leave right now."

"No please" I said. "I'll do it. Just don't tell anyone".

Reluctantly, I slowly lifted up my dress for the boys. I was wearing black and white stripped panties that day. Not my most revealing pair, but I was still red as I showed it to them. I pulled my skirt above my waist so they could see everything. They were staring at me for a long time and I was really embarrassed to have three 18 year olds looking at me exposing myself. To make matters worse, they got their phones back out and took more pictures of me, this time with my panties in full view. Luckily, the bell rang before too long and they had to go. However, before they left, they told the librarian how helpful I was to them, and they wondered if they could come in after school to see me.

"Of course you can. She will be happy to see you" said the librarian. And I knew I was in trouble.

...

After school, the librarian left for the day, and I was alone in the giant library. Not too long after the last bell rang, the three kids showed up. They wanted to go back to the back section, and I complied. 

"You know", said Chase, "we could do a lot of things with those pictures we took of you. I wonder if we should put them on the bulletin board outside of the lunch room"

"What? No please don't do that" I begged. I knew I was in trouble. I gave into them once, and now they had more ammo to use against me.

"Alright, we will make you a deal" said john "we won't leak these pictures to the school, but you need to do something for us"

"What?" I asked

"You need to do what we say every day for the rest of the year."

I didn't really have a choice so I agreed. "What do you want me to do?"

"For starters, you will only wear skirts and dresses for the rest of the year. The shorter, the better"

I thought that was a little odd, but I agreed.

...

For the next few weeks I did what they said. We would meet at the back of the back of the library after school where no one would see us and they had me expose myself in all sorts of ways. Most days I would lift up my skirts and expose myself to them. They enjoyed making fun of me and humiliating me as I had to show them my panties. One day, when I was wearing a particularly short skirt, they had me do jumping jacks for their amusement. Every time I jumped, my skirt would flap in the air and they would laugh at my bright blue panties. 

One day, they got bolder; they decided that I was a bad girl for breaking the dress code and decided to give me a good spanking. Adam bent me over his knee and lifted up my skirt. I was so humiliated having my blue panty clad ass exposed to the world like that. Even more embarrassing was the fact that my butt would jiggle every time they slapped it. After a couple minutes of spanking, Adam pulled down my panties and began spanking me right on the ass. This gave them more ammo to use against me as the not only took pictures, but filmed me getting spanked. They laughed so hard at my naked ass jiggling after every hit. Now I was terrified. They had so much video of me, there was no way out.

...

Impossibly, it got even worse. They started by making me do jumping jacks, like usual. However, after doing a few, my boobs popped out of my dress, leading to my dress falling off my body. I stood there in shock for a second, standing just in my purple flower panties. I immediately tried to pull my dress back up, but Chase stopped me. 

"Nuh uh. Leave it on the ground."

Reluctantly, I let the dress fall. I had never been more humiliated, and I was terrified that someone else would see.

"Wow, check out her tits" laughed john

"And look at those panties. She looks like a baby with those purple flowers"

My face turned beat read as they were all pointing and laughing at me. As I bent down to get my dress, Chase said "no no no, don put it back on yet. We want to play with you some more"

"But I'm standing here just in my panties" I said

"You agreed to do everything we said, and we want to play with you boobs"

"But..."

"I mean, we do have these new pictures of you standing nearly naked. I wonder what the other kids would think of your tits."

"Fine, you win" I said. I had given up at this point. I lowered my hands from my boobs and let them have their way. They took great pleasure in squeezing my boob, pinching my nipple, and making them bounce.

After a while, they had had their fun, and they told me that they had added another condition to our deal, I was not allowed to wear bra's anymore and that I had to strip down to just my panties every day after school for them. There was nothing I could do, so I had to agree to their demands.

...

For the next couple days, I would do just that. They would meet up, and force me to take off my shirt and pull down my skirt, until I was just standing in my panties. They would have me jump around to get my boobs to shake, and they had me shake my ass right in their faces like I was in a music video. 

One day after I had stripped down and they started to touch my boobs, they became even bolder, squeezing harder and rubbing them faster. To my horror, I felt my pussy getting wet; I had always been easily aroused, but this was terrible. I prayed they wouldn't notice, but John looked down.

"Why're her panties getting wet?" he asked.

Adam gasped, "That's what happens when girls get turned on. She's horny!"

"She likes this. She wants us to keep going. Make sure you film this" said Chase as he began to rub my boobs even harder.

"NO I'M NOT!" I shouted, but they didn't care. John, touched my panties despite my protests, and stepped back to look. Suddenly, Chase moved forward and stuck his hand down my panties. I tried to stifle a moan, but they heard anyways. 

"Guys, she's really turned on!" 

I flushed with shame at my wet pussy, but then the horror continued. Chase began to rub my pussy fast, and pumping his fingers in and out. I tried to pull away, but John grabbed me. Despite myself, I began to moan, louder and louder. Suddenly, I felt something building between my legs, and then I came, moaning loudly as fluid dripped down my thighs.

When I opened my eyes, I saw that they were laughing harder than ever, and that they had filmed the whole thing on their phones. There was nothing I could do now. They had seen me in my most private moment having an orgasm, so I knew I had to submit to whatever they said. 

Chase moved behind me and pulled down my panties. I was standing there fully nude, my pussy on display to the world. It was covered by my brown pubic hair. I had never shaved or trimmed it. I tried to cover myself, but they stopped me, threatening to post the video. Reluctantly, I dropped my hands, and they took pictures of me completely naked.

...

From that point on, I would be stripped completely naked after school every day, and made to pose suggestively, or dance on them. One day, Adam walked in excitedly.

"I found out online that girls can masturbate too. Let's make her do it."

I was terrified, but when threatened with the videos, I laid on my back, and spread my legs. Reluctantly, I started to rub my clit. I couldn't believe they were watching this. I was so humiliated, my face was bright red. Eventually, though, I started to moan despite my embarrassment as my fingers pumped in and out, until hot liquid pulled beneath my thighs. 

I looked up, to all three of them recording it, and I started to cry. 

The next day, after I had stripped naked, they demanded I do it again. I told them I couldn't, it was too embarrassing. Adam bent me over his knee, and started rubbing my pussy. Within a minute, it was hot and wet; he grabbed my hand, and placed it on my pussy, moving it himself. He decided I was taking too long to cum, and shifted his knee, putting it between my thighs, rubbing my pussy against the rough fabric of his pants. That sent me over the edge and a came right in his lap. Despite this, he didn't stop, grinding me against his leg. I was moaning loudly now, unable to stop. Eventually though, his hand began to move lower, closer to my already dripping pussy. He stuck his finger inside of me and began to finger me hard, moving it in and out really fast. 

Suddenly, I screamed loudly, as cum squirted out with forced, drenching my thighs in it.

"Ugh, you bitch! You ruined my pants. We'll punish you for this tomorrow." They left me there, naked and covered in cum, terrified for tomorrow.

The next day, Chase and John came in without Adam, and I was scared. After I stripped naked, John pulled ropes out of his back pack, and attached them to some shelves. 

They pulled my reluctant body between the shelves, and tied me so my legs and arms were spread. I knew better than to argue, they'd just post the videos.

Once they finished binding me, Adam walked in; but I heard other voices. 

"NO!" I shouted as I attempted to get out of the ropes, but I was stuck. 

Adam led 10 other boys into the room, all gaped at me as I uselessly tried to clench thighs together.

"Please," I begged as John approached me. 

"Guy's watch this slut. She's so horny she'll cum no matter what." He stood behind me, and put his hands on my breasts, quickly massaging my nipples. After a minute, my pussy began to grow wet, and the boys started pointing. Then, he reached from behind and started rubbing my pussy, playing with my clit, but never putting his fingers inside me. After a few minutes, I was moaning loudly, despite my best efforts, and I had hot fluid dripping down my thighs. Suddenly, he put three fingers in me, and started pumping in and out, back and forth. My moans turned into screams as I squirted everywhere, hot cum puddling on the floor. 

Chase untied the rope holding my hands, but quickly retied them so I was forced to bend over. As I considered the 12 boys who had just seen me orgasm, I heard the door open, and 20 more boys walked in. 

"Sorry we're late," one of them said.

"Just in time for the finale," John said, as he stepped behind me. I heard a zipper, and felt a pressure at my dripping lips. 

"No, please, don't!" I screamed as I realized what was about to happen. 

As over 30 boys watched, John pumped himself in and out of me, my protests soon turning to whimpers, then moans. My face flushed from humiliation and pleasure, I came again, screaming as more cum soaked my thighs. 

After taking my clothes, all the boys walked out, leaving me naked, bound, and covered in my own cum in the library.


