
	Party Foul

Section 1:	

Christine breathed deeply and stared down at the brimming shot glass
on the table in front of her.  With a suddenness that betrayed her
failing resolve Christine reached down and slammed back her second
ounce of tequila.  Looking up she watched her rival Amy down her own
shot with apparent ease.

It was going to be just another fun party when Christine arrived but
it didn't take long before that stupid bitch Amy came up and started
dancing with her man.  Christine rarely cared if Ted danced with other
women but Amy was an exception.  Still things didn't get out of hand
until  Amy started rubbing her tight leather covered ass against Ted's
crotch.

"You are such a fucking slut," Christine burst out.

Her sudden yell brought the party to a screeching halt as everyone
gathered to watch the developing fight between the two blonds.  Most
of them were probably hoping for a cat fight between the woman
wearing the tight leather pants and bikini top and Christine who was
wearing a short red party dress.  Instead of striking,
though, Amy merely responded in kind.

"You're just jealous that I'm better at turning your boyfriend on than
you are."

Christine was speechless for a second and looked back for support from
her boyfriend.  Ted, surprised by a level of animosity he didn't know
existed, was wisely staying quite.  Instead Christine, flustered by
being the center of attention yelled back: 

"You stupid poser you can't do anything better than me."

"Oh yeah?" responded Amy, "Let's see if you can out drink me."

"Fine," Christine responded in an angry clipped tone, "but when I win
you'll leave this party and never touch my boyfriend again."

"Alright, but if I win you and your boyfriend are mine for the rest of
the night."

Christine wasn't exactly a heavy drinker, and the high stakes here made
her nervous, but there were over thirty people staring at her and she
couldn't back down now.  She heard herself say, 

"Let's go."

Ted reached out a hand and murmured, "You know maybe this isn't
such a good idea..."  But Christine pushed away his arm replying, "Just
go along with this, okay?"  Ted backed down not wanting to start a
fight and before long Christine found herself downing shots with Amy.

Some guy from the crowd poured out shots for the third round.
Christine was already feeling slightly nauseous.  She could handle her
alcohol and was feeling only slightly tipsy but tequila was new to
her.  She had to hold it down; if she didn't she lost.

Amy looked directly at her across the two shot glasses and haughtily
said, "After I win I'm going to fuck your boyfriend and you're going
going to watch."

Already worried about losing Christine made no response but instead
steadied herself and drained her third shot.  Amy merely smirked at
her and easily downed her own shot.  

Christine was now obviously having trouble holding down her alcohol
and Amy couldn't resist the opportunity to taunt her even further,

"You called me a slut.  After you lose I'm going to make that precious
little cunt of yours public property."

It was probably true Christine now realized.  It had been a bad idea
to agree to this contest and she was probably going to lose.  She
swallowed hard thinking about the things Amy could make her do.
Waiting until after Amy downed her shot Christine shrugged, thinking
there was nothing else to do, and gulped down her own shot.  For a
moment both women sat still staring at each other.  Christine then
bolted up pushing her chair back and ran into the bathroom.  

Christine splashed water on her face and prepared to go out and face
her fate.  She swung the door open to find Amy and half the party
outside waiting for her.  Amy stood with one hand resting on an out
thrust hip and the other wrapped wrapped around Ted's waist,
fingers already dipping into his waist band.

"Alright Christine here is how we are going to play it," announced
Amy.  "I am going to fuck your boyfriend on that table over there and
you're going to watch.  Just to make it clear to you he's enjoying it
every time he gasps you're going to take off a piece of clothing for these
spectators."

Christine half opened her mouth to object but Amy simply continued,
"In addition once you're naked every time I make him cum you're going to
screw a guy of my choosing from the party."

At this remark an excited whisper went through the mostly male crowd but
Amy kept talking: "Also every time he makes me orgasm, whether you're
clothed or not, you're going to suck a guy off."

Evidently done with her conditions Amy unwrapped herself from Ted and
made to move off to the table but first she leaned down and whispered
into Christine's ear, "I told you I was going to make you into a slut
and now your boyfriend's going to help me...oh and you might want to
know I'm highly multi-orgasmic," with that and the flash of a gloating
smile Amy pulled Ted after her towards the table.

Reaching the table Amy twisted Ted around so she was looking right at
him.  Leaning in she gave him a long luscious kiss and slowly pushed
him back onto the table letting the kiss break only as his back
touched the oak.  Holding Ted down so only his ankles dangled off the
edge Amy climbed onto the table herself kneeling astride the prone
man.  She leaned down her face inches above Ted's and not coincidentally
tightly stretching the black leather over her well displayed ass.
Whispering in a breathy murmur Amy said, 

"Remember Ted everything you enjoy turns your girlfriend into more of
a slut."  With that said Amy leaned in for another long slow kiss.
She reached up her hands to grab Ted's wrists and press them down onto
the table.

While most of the audience watched Amy's sexy ass and the rest hoped
Amy's bikini top would slip just a little bit lower Christine's eyes
never strayed from the minute long kiss Amy was giving her boyfriend.
Christine watched as Amy lingeringly broke that kiss and she heard
Ted's gentle gasp of pleasure.

"That's one," Amy spoke with unconcealed triumph.  She sat back on her
feet with her crotch pressed down onto Ted's genitals.  "C'mon Ted lets make
your girlfriend strip," and with that Amy sensuously started grinding
herself into Ted and before he could contain himself he gasped again.

"That's two. My my Ted," Amy spoke running a hand down over his shirt,
"you're going to strip your girlfriend even before I thought it would
happen."  Idly running her hand up under Ted's shirt Amy turned to
Christine, "Christine?"

Knowing what she had to do Christine stopped only long enough to glance
accusingly at Ted then reached down to slip off her two shoes.
Satisfied Christine was following the rules Amy turned her attention
back to Ted. Slipping her other hand up under his shirt she massaged
his firm, well built chest.  Amy pulled her hands back down running her
fingers under his waistline.  Impressively Ted was able to stay
entirely quiet.  

Grabbing the bottom of Ted's shirt Amy ran her hands back up over his
chest pulling the shirt off over his head.  With Ted's chest exposed,
finally giving something for the few remaining female spectators to
look at, Amy possessively ran her hands over his chest again.
Returning her hands to Ted's wrists she began lusciously kissing down
Ted's neck.  

Biting his lip Ted managed to remain quite as Amy's lips traveled down
his shoulder.  When Amy's lips reached the tops of Ted's pecs she ran
her fingers down over his arms and let them them teasingly run over
the sides of his stomach.  Resting her hands on Ted's hips Amy took
his nipple into her mouth.  Gently she sucked on the nipple for a
moment and then took it with her teeth and lightly pulled back.  

Ted gasped again, not in pain but in surprise and pleasure.  Letting
go with her mouth Amy sat up again to watch Christine take something
off again.  Able to hear her boyfriends betrayal herself, Christine
grabbed the hem of her dress and quickly pulled the red fabric up over
her head.

Once Christine stripped off her dress the attention of the room partly
shifted from the proto sex act occurring on the table to the woman
standing in the sexy black and green underwear.  Christine glanced
around nervously, she had hoped Ted would enjoy her new lingerie
tonight, but now she could tell by the looks on the faces around her,
that was what all the other men in the room were doing.  In reaction to
the attention Christine instinctively crossed her arms in front of her
breasts but, realizing it didn't do any good and not wanting to appear
vulnerable, she uncrossed them and stood proudly, purposefully not
looking at any of her admirers.  The only weakness she did betray was
to briefly raise her arms and plead, "Please Ted..," trailing off
unspecifically at the end.

Amy sat all the way back staring down at Ted.  Not breaking eye
contact she deliberately reached behind her back and untied her
bikini top.  Slowly, never taking her eyes off Ted, she brought the
straps around front pulling off her top and freeing her perfect round
breasts.  Laying her top aside and brushing her hair
back over her ear Amy began to slowly gyrate on top of Ted.  Ted's
eyes had clearly been distracted by Amy's breasts but Amy, seemingly
unaware of all the drooling watchers kept her gaze fixed on Ted's
face.

Christine, everyone in the room with the slightest hint of
testosterone, and even several of the women stared fixedly at Amy's
breasts as they moved in time to her slow grinding motion.  While most
of the observers seemed content to merely stare at the breasts Christine
noticed the way Amy was purposefully rubbing her clit into Ted's now
hard cock through their clothing.  Christine watched a slight
redness creep up Amy's checks and her breathing quicken.  Amy was
going to make herself cum and then Christine would be required to suck
cock.  Christine looked around the room wondering who she was
going to have to give head to and hoped Amy wasn't vindictive.

Amy's breasts were bouncing faster now in response to her more
enthusiastic motions.  Each time now as she rubbed herself over Ted
she emitted a little moan of pleasure.  To Ted's credit he had still
managed not to utter a sound despite his obvious enjoyment.  Suddenly,
as if she had reached some threshold of sexual desire, Amy lunged down
grabbed Ted's hands and pulled them up to her breasts.

With Ted's hands kneading her breasts Amy finally broke eye contact
throwing her head back and moaning.  The men in the audience watched
in fascination as Ted's hands flew over Amy's out-thrust breasts in
response to her ever faster motion and louder moans.  Finally with a
clipped cry of, "Oh yes" Amy's hands flew to Ted's buttocks.  Amy pulled
herself down onto him with all her strength and for a moment sat
frozen in the rapture of orgasm like a pornographic statue.
Then with a sigh of satisfaction Amy let her muscles go limp.

Amy gently moved Ted's hands off her breasts; leaned in and gave him a
brief kiss as if in thanks before turning her attention back to
Christine.  Vindictive Amy might be but not cruel, as she casually
instructed, "You can go ahead and pick someone," and then sat back to watch.

Surprised by Amy's generosity Christine looked around blankly at the
legions of men who quite clearly wanted to be picked.  Not wanting to
prolong the experience Christine soon pulled an attractive blond
haired man with green eyes out of the crowd near her.  She vaguely
knew him from somewhere or other but didn't have any clue what his
name was.  Slowly, as Amy watched with undisguised triumph, Christine
sank to her knees in front of the blond man with the unknown name.

Carefully Christine reached out and unbuttoned the man's pants.
She pulled his zipper down and then eased the man's pants
and underwear off.  Christine stared for a minute at the
very hard cock which looked her in the eye.  When Christine made
no motion to continue Amy's voice chided her, "Christine?"  Tentatively
Christine leaned forward and opened her mouth.  She darted her tongue out,
touching the tip to the man's head.  Then, since she was going to have
to do it anyway, Christine opened her mouth wide and buried her face
in pubic hair.

Once Christine's head was regularly bobbing up and down on the cock Amy
turned her attention back to Ted.  Ted had sat up on the edge of the
table and his eyes were fixed on the sight of his girlfriend giving
head.  He was completely unaware of Amy until her fingers worked open
his pants button.  Even then Ted glanced down for only a moment to let
Amy remove his pants before his attention returned to the spectacle in
front of them.  

Amy moved her attention now to Ted's lower body she ran her hands over
his ankles and kissed at his thighs.  Carefully she kept away from his
genitalia stopping her kissing about halfway up Ted's thigh.  Christine
however was taking some man's cock all the way down her throat.  She
had grabbed his ass with her hands and was  pulling him into her as
she went down on him.

Realizing Ted was entranced by this sight, and not in a bad way as
witnessed by the bulge in his underwear, Amy let her hand slide up
Ted's leg under his boxers and began massaging his penis.  Ted's
concentration was broken and with that first magical contact of flesh
and penis he gasped again.  Amy swung her head around; she could tell
by the look on the blond man's face and the enthusiasm with which
Christine's head bobbed up and down that her advantage over Ted was 
about to disappear. 

Amy ripped Ted's boxers down his legs and went to work on his quite
excited penis.  Twice she took his penis into her mouth squeezing his
shaft with her soft lips as she went up and down.  Still no sound
escaped Ted's lips and Amy grabbed his cock, wrapping her fingers around
the bottom of the shaft.  Pulling up Amy twisted her hand sliding the
palm across Ted's sensitive head eliciting the moan she needed.

Looking back again Amy saw Christine sitting back on her heels
apparently still swallowing the last of the cum.  Waiting until
Christine had composed herself again Amy delivered the bad news,
"Apparently your performance so turned on Ted that he moaned again,"
she paused for a second, "twice.  Now all I have to do is make him
cum."

Christine dutifully unfastened her bra exposing her breasts and paying
no heed to the audience, after all they had seen this much.  Bending
over at the waist Christine slid her final article of
clothing down and off her legs.  One overbold man standing behind
Christine apparently couldn't resist the sight and reached out his
hand to squeeze her rounded buttock.

Reflexes jumping into play Christine slapped the man's hand away.
Her action wasn't unnoticed by Amy who quickly countermanded it, "Now
Christine this is the guy you're going to fuck once I get your boyfriend
to cum so your going to let him touch you while I go down on Ted."
Sighing in defeat Christine let her arms drop and took a looked behind her
at her all but guaranteed future sex partner.  

He was a dark skinned man wearing a tight tee shirt to show off his
well muscled body.  A large smile reflecting his good fortune
highlighted his handsome face.  Well at least she was going to get
fucked by a good looking man thought Christine.  The man barely
hesitated in returning his hands to Christine's body as if further
events might repel his advances unless he occupied her breasts.

Once the man had his assault on Christine's body well underway Amy
returned her attention back to Ted.  Slowly now that there was no time
pressure Amy licked up the side of Ted's penis.  Ted still stared at
his girlfriend and the attentions lavished upon her by the man behind
her but now he didn't hold back his moans.  Amy sensuously licked up
the other side of his penis and stopped to look up into Ted's face.

As expected Ted's eyes were glazed over in sexual enjoyment but rather
than looking down towards Amy's attentions he still stared at
Christine.  Amy glanced over and saw the man standing behind Christine
had progressed.  One hand still squeezed her breast but the other had
migrated down and was now between her legs.  Amy smiled to herself and
commenced blowing Ted.

The dark skinned man's fingers had now fully penetrated
Christine's surprisingly, to her, wet pussy.  She even found herself
gasping at particularly fervent kneadings of her breast.  Christine
still found herself dreading Ted's unavoidable orgasm but
that dread was now mixed with a tinge of anticipation.

The excitement was soon too much for Ted whose hands shot forward off
the table grabbing the back of Amy's head holding it pressed down on
his crouch while he shot his load into her waiting mouth.  Swallowing
the last of the semen Amy pulled her head off Ted's dick and looked
behind her to inform Christine of her impending slut status.  The
lucky man was way ahead of her on that account.

Christine had already been lowered to the floor by the dark skinned
man who was firmly entrenched between her legs.  Obviously aware of
Ted's climax the man was in the midst of removing his pants.  Soon
he too was naked and kneeling over Christine his penis standing ready
for its task.  Wasting no more time he slid his dick into her
slightly reluctant but still wet pussy.

Once she saw that Christine was getting fucked Amy decided it was her
turn.  With one hand placed on his bare chest she pushed Ted back out
flat on the table.  Undoing her laces Amy peeled off the tight black
pants.  Despite her firm movie quality ass the reaction from an
audience already watching Christine get screwed was limited.  

Amy mounted the table again but instead of facing Ted she turned
around to point towards the sex act occurring in front of her.  Sliding
back Amy dropped to her hands and knees looking behind her only long
enough to order Ted, "Eat me."  Ted dutifully grabbed Amy's ass in
his hands and brought his head up to lick her pussy.  Amy moaned
doubly turned on by the man eating her out and the vision of her
rival's slutification in front of her.

Christine was turned on as well despite her best efforts to the
contrary.  As the unknown man's penis worked her Christine couldn't
help but moan, moans which were well recognized by Ted even while squeezed
between Amy's thighs.

Before long the slow steady strokes into Christine's vagina had
transformed into hard fast thrusts in turn changing her moans into
cries of, "Oh God."  Triggered by Christine's enthusiastic yells Amy
was coming again adding her own exclamations of, "Oh yes," into the
milieu.  

Still horny as hell without thinking Amy grabbed the nearest guy from
the crowd pulling him forward and into a long kiss.  Before the kiss
was over his hands had reached out to grasp Amy's breasts and Amy was
in the throes of another orgasm.  Christine too was coming whether she
liked it or not.  The man fucking her had ended with one heroic thrust
pulling himself into her.  That combined with his hot semen filling
her body sent her reeling into orgasm.

To be continued in sec2 