Kajira awoke in a strange bed, confused.
"Where can I be?" she wondered, sitting up. That was a mistake, as her punished buttocks screamed with the pain of the previous day's beating. Wincing, she stood gingerly and went to the window. The room wasn't large, but it was beautifully furnished with a low bed swathed with gauzy curtains, a pristine white wash table and a small chair by the window. Lining the wall under the window was a bookcase, filled with enticing looking books. She picked one up and traced her finger down the spine, longingly. As a slave in the palace she had never seen a book except in the hands of others. Most of the wives couldn't read anyway, so there was little need for a library in the womens' quarters.
She heard a noise from the doorway and dropped the book, startled. A servant came in, bowing low and bearing a pitcher of water. "For the lady." she said, pouring the water into the basin on the wash table and backing out the door.
Kajira was confused. There was some mistake. She was no lady, she was Kajira, bound to be the lowest of the low. Puzzled, she replaced the book on the shelf and went to the basin to wash. Even the lowliest of the low were allowed to wash, after all. The water was warm and scented with jasmine, and there was a soft towel draped over the bar of the wash table. She took a small cloth and the soap and washed herself thoroughly, enjoying the feeling of the warm, scented water on her punished skin. When she was finished, she folded the towel neatly, redressed herself in the simple linen gown which was all the clothing she possessed, and waited.
It wasn't long before another servant came to the door, this time bearing garments over her arm. Briskly she bustled into the room, shutting the door behind her and placing the garments on the bed. She made a curt gesture for Kajira to raise her arms, and before the girl knew what was happening she had been stripped of her gown and stood naked before the servant. The older woman turned Kajira this way and that, tutting audibly. Then she picked up a garment, a loose tunic of deepest purple, and gestured for Kajira to put it on. The girl did, in some confusion.
"I am no lady, mistress. I am Kajira, slave to the household."
The woman didn't respond, merely picking up a pair of diaphanous trousers that gathered at the ankle and bending for Kajira to slip her legs into them. They were softest silk and patterned with a border of stylized lilies. Kajira thought them lovely. When she was dressed, the servant woman gestured for Kajira to sit. The girl did, wincingly. The woman produced a comb from her pocket and a handful of ivory hairpins, then she proceeded to comb Kajira's hair up into a cunning series of braids that she looped around the girls head, making a sort of fiery corona of hair. Kajira put her hand to her head wonderingly. Only the first and second wife were allowed to have their hair braided so, into an intricate and time-consuming style. Kajira tried again.
"I am Kajira, house slave. There is some mistake!" she cried as the woman bade her stand and slip on a pair of soft, embroidered shoes. The woman surveyed her and nodded, a slight smile tugging at her otherwise grim features. She beckoned for the girl to follow as she left the room, and Kajira did so, trembling in all her limbs. Surely she would be beaten again for presuming to be something other than what she was. She followed the servant woman through the light, airy corridors of the large house, so different from the heavy, ponderous dimness of the palace.
They arrived at a door and the woman knocked firmly three times, bowed low to Kajira, and left. Kajira stood there uncertainly. She heard footsteps and she threw herself onto the ground, kneeling with her forehead touching the floor as she had been taught to do at the palace. The door opened and Kajira heard the footsteps stop. There was a long pause during which the girl thought her heart might burst from pounding so loudly. Then, he spoke.
"You have been trained well, my Kajira." Amir's deep voice greeted her, and despite herself she felt a warmth gathering in her loins. "I appreciate your homage but you may stand now." He bent down and took her hand, raising her to her feet. She kept her eyes downcast, confused and frightened. He put one finger under her chin and raised her face to his. "It pleases me that you are so submissive. But I wish to look upon you at this moment." She looked up, pale eyes huge in her face. He smiled down at her and her cheeks flushed pink.
Wordlessly he led her into the room. It was a study, she could see. Books lined the walls, a desk stood in the middle of the room, piled high with papers. The gauzy curtains stirred lazily in the slight breeze, letting in beams of golden sunlight. The vaulted ceiling above seemed very high and she thought how graceful the room was, like the entire house. Perfectly proportioned and full of a soft golden light that made it seem very welcoming indeed.
"This is my study. I do my work here, and you are allowed in this room only when I summon you." Amir's voice was firm but not unkind. "Do you understand, Kajira?"
She nodded, eyes studying every detail. The globe in the corner, the inkwell and cup full of pens, the multi-faceted starburst lamp hanging from the ceiling. Trying to calm her breathing, she looked back at Amir.
"You needn't be frightened of me, my dear." He said soothingly. "I have brought you here to be my slave, but also to be lady of the household." He studied her face, seeing the confusion and doubt in it. "Let me explain." He sat down in his chair and beckoned for her to come over. When she did, he pulled her gently down onto his lap. She gasped, partly with surprise and partly with the lingering pain of her strapping. "The Sultan gave you to me as a gift, although I wished to buy you from him. You belong to me now. But although you will be my slave, and serve me, you are not the slave of the household any longer. You are nobody's slave but my own. The others in the house will be your staff, as they are mine. That doesn't mean that you can be like the Sultan's wives, however. I expect you to act with kindness and excellent manners at all times. Do I make myself clear?" Amir looked into the girl's eyes as he spoke. "Answer me with your voice, Kajira." He ordered.
"Y...yes Master." She said softly, her tongue coming out to moisten her lips as she spoke. "I understand."
"Good girl. And I enjoy hearing your voice, so no more nodding like a mute. One of those in my household is enough." With a shock, Kajira realized he must mean the older servant who had dressed her. "Yes, Dima is a mute. She had her tongue removed by her former master for gossiping. I purchased her about five years ago, and she has proved a worthy servant to me. She will be your handmaid, dressing you and preparing you for whatever I desire. Is that understood?"
"Yes, Master." She replied, with a tiny bit more confidence. His lap was warm and comforting, and the pain that she had experienced so sharply was now fading into a sort of afterglow, tingling in a most disconcerting manner.
"As for yesterday, we shall put it behind us. You did not deserve such a harsh punishment for what was a cruel act by the Sultan's wife, however I had to carry it out or the consequences would have been dire."
"Yes, Master, I understand." She replied, and shyly took his hand and kissed it. He looked pleased.
"However, I am not a soft Master." His eyebrow raised. "I will treat you with firmness when the occasion requires. And sometimes for my own pleasure. But in time, you will learn to accept it, and perhaps even to gain pleasure from it."
"P...pleasure?" She asked, before stopping herself.
"You may speak to me unbidden, Kajira. As long as your words are respectful you may always speak freely to your new Master."
"How could I feel pleasure from such a punishment, Master?" she asked softly, at the same time understanding a bit from the warmth radiating out from her throbbing buttocks.
"What are you feeling now, Kajira? And do not hold back or I will know." He insisted, once again raising her face to his.
"I...i..." she began, face blazing.
"Tell Master." He growled, and she knew there was no way out of it.
"My...bottom...feels warm and tingly, Master." She admitted.
"And is it unpleasant, my dear?"
"No...it feels very good." Her voice was tiny and shy.
"And do you feel...tingly anywhere else, sitting on my lap and knowing that you are mine?"
"Yes." She whispered, deeply ashamed. She had never felt these things before, and didn't understand them very well.
"Listen to me, Kajira. What you feel is perfectly normal. It is desire, and I feel it too, for you. I am going to touch you now, and you are going to tell me exactly how it feels."
"Y...yes Master." She gasped, as his fingers slipped into the neckline of her tunic and cupped one plump breast. He swirled his fingers around her stiffening nipple then popped the breast out of the top, exposing it to his sight.
"You have a beautiful body, Kajira. There is no need to be ashamed of it."
"But...Master..." she bit her lip as he pinched and examined her breast and nipple.
"Tell me, Kajira. Tell me everything you are thinking and feeling. That is a command."
"As a slave to the palace I was mocked and beaten, and made to do the lowliest chores." She closed her eyes briefly, remembering the disgusting and menial tasks she had endured. "Nobody ever...touched me, because I was so different and ugly."
"That's what the Sultan's wives wanted you to believe, and so they trained you to think of yourself as such. But you are a beautiful and rare creature, a white lily amongst the dusky flowers." His fingers found her other breast and slid the tunic top down her shoulders, baring them both for his scrutiny. She squirmed on his lap, making him chuckle. "What are you feeling, little dove?"
"It feels...very good." She choked out, mortified by her body's reaction but helpless to answer untruthfully. "I like it very much."
"Good girl. Raise your arms." He ordered, and as she did he slipped the tunic over her head, leaving her bare to the waist. Shyly she folded her arms over her breasts but he pulled them away. "Your body belongs to me now, and I will not have it hidden. Is that understood?"
"Y...yes Master." She uncrossed her arms slowly, eyes closed. He continued to play with her breasts, leaning in to suckle on them each in turn. She moaned, unable to control herself.
"Tell me. Tell me what you feel." His voice was husky.
"My breasts are heavy with desire, my Master." She said in a low, embarrassed voice.
"Stand and slip off your harem pants." He ordered, pushing her gently off his lap. She did so, feeling curiously drugged. She slid them down off of her hips, revealing her curves and her fiery mound. "Back onto my lap, darling. Spread your legs for Master."
She did so, eyes fluttering, torn between mortification and desire. His fingers found her slit and he dipped one in, feeling the silky nub hidden between her lips. She gasped, her hips moving forward towards his hand against her will.
"Tell me what you feel, little one." He said, stroking her warm wetness with one finger cautiously so as to not frighten her too much.
"I...ahhh..." she gasped, heat radiating out from wherever his finger and lips touched. "It feels so good, Master."
"Mmmm, my princess. It will feel much better again." He assured her, delving deeper into her aching cunt. His fingers worked her expertly, as his lips devoured her breasts and mouth. She was panting when he stopped. "Do you want me to stop?" he asked, a wolfish grin on his handsome face.
"Ohhh, no, please!" she begged, legs spread wantonly, head resting on his shoulder.
"Tell me what you want me to do." He commanded.
"I want you to...I want..." she stuttered, torn between aching desire and shyness.
"Do you want me to do this?" he circled her clit slowly, making her hips buck with desire.
"Ahhh, yes!" she pleaded. "Please, do not stop!"
He continued to tease her, his expert fingers bringing her to the edge of climax again and again as she begged and sobbed with ecstasy and frustration.
"Beg me, Kajira. Beg me for release."
"Please Master! I beg you...please let this worthless slave dance on your fingers!"
"As you wish." He plunged two fingers deep into her swollen pussy and used his thumb against her erect clit, fucking her deeply with his hand, bringing her spiraling up, up, up until she exploded, her wetness and desire erupting into a writhing, gasping climax.
"Oh, Master, yes! Yes! Oh, please! YES!" she cried, creaming onto his hand, her moisture squirting from her as her orgasm racked her body. She panted, spent, as he cradled her. Slowly she came down from the heights of her pleasure, hiding her face shyly in his chest. After a time he removed a cloth from his pocket and began to clean her girl cream off of her thighs and his hands.
"That was quite a show, little dove." He smiled.
"Thank you, Master." Her voice was muffled against his shirt front and he drew her clinging body gently away.
"Now, Kajira, it is time for your first lesson in pleasuring your Master." He took her hand and placed it against the straining bulge in his trousers. Her eyes grew wide.
"Do you know what that is?" he asked her, rubbing her little palm up and down the length of him.
"It is the snake with one eye." She replied shyly. "I have heard the other girls and the wives talking of it, and of how men use it for their pleasure, hurting women."
"Some men do, Kajira. But sometimes it is a tool of pleasure for both men and women." He explained, looking deeply into the girl's worried eyes. "Did you enjoy what I just did to you?"
"Yes, Master, very much." She said quickly.
"Do you want to please your Master?"
"O! So very much!" she cried.
"I will teach you how, and it will be a pleasure for both you and me." He assured her, lifting her gently off his lap and placing her on her knees between his legs.
She looked with alarm at the sizeable bulge in his trousers, and back up at his face. "It's all right, Kajira. Touch it." She put her hand out and cupped the bulge, stroking it awkwardly. He moaned slightly as her fingers explored him inexpertly. "Take it out now." He ordered, and she unfastened his trousers and slid her hand inside gingerly. "You won't hurt me, little one." He assured her as she slipped his member out, gasping at length and girth of it.
"Do you know where it goes, little dove?" he asked her softly. She nodded uncertainly. "Tell Master where."
"It goes in the tunnel between a woman's thighs." She answered, face ablaze.
"Yes, it does. But it goes other places as well, darling." He said, wickedly.
"It does?" Kajira looked confused.
"Yes. It goes here..." he put two fingers inside her mouth and she moaned. "And here..." he bent down to slip his hand between her thighs and touch her still throbbing sex, "And even here." And he reached further back still to touch her puckered rosebud of an anus. She gasped, shaking her head.
"It cannot be so!" she cried, alarmed.
"It is so and I assure you that with the proper training, which I fully intend to give you, you will derive great pleasure from all of your holes being filled by me."
She bowed her head in mute acquiescence.
"Now, let us begin your first lesson. I want you to examine it, to touch and feel it. And to taste it."
Kajira blushed, but knelt up to free it fully, and he opened his trousers further to reveal the stones with the pillar. She looked uncertainly up at Amir's face, and he nodded.
She touched the shaft, and the tip, dipping her finger into the pearly bead of fluid oozing from it. She cupped his balls, weighing them in her small hands; all the while Amir sat there, hands gripping the arms of his chair, fighting back the urge to take her roughly. Once she had explored it thoroughly, Amir gritted his teeth and ordered, "Take it in your mouth, Kajira."
She leaned forward tentatively, the pointed tip of her pink little tongue lapping at the drop of precum on the head of his cock. He winced, wanting her so badly. She put her hand on the shaft and pulled down, exposing the head fully, and took it into her mouth gently. Using her tongue on the head, she swirled it around and around as if tasting some exotic sweet. He put his hand around hers and showed her how to stroke the shaft as she licked the head, and her hand soon moved with a fluid rhythm of its own. Amir prided himself on his self-control but the feeling of her warm mouth and small hand on his member was exquisite and nearly brought him over the edge right there and then. He pulled her head up off his cock, panting.
"That is excellent, my dear. Now I want you to take as much of it into your mouth as you can, keeping your lips tight around the shaft. Do you understand? You may use your hand to touch my balls, squeeze them, stroke them gently."
"Yes, Master." She licked her lips and slowly eased her mouth down onto his cock, keeping her lips clasped lovingly around the shaft and lowering her mouth down, down, down until she had nearly taken the entire thing into her throat. He threw back his head and groaned, almost disbelieving how good it felt. Meanwhile her fingers played with his balls, stroking, squeezing, caressing them singly and together. Her mouth, warm and wet and tight on his cock, maddened him until he felt his climax rising within him.
She looked up at him, and the sight of her exquisite little lips wrapped around his shaft, her big, trusting eyes adoring him, sent him over the edge and with a yell he spurted his thick cream into her mouth, surprising her. She drew back involuntarily, but he clasped her head and held her on his member, making her take every last drop deep into her throat, swallowing frantically as he jetted his cum into his slave's mouth.
Finally he slumped back, spent. She knelt there, stunned. Had she just taken her Owner's member into her mouth and drawn so much pleasure from him? She licked her lips thoughtfully and waited for Amir to speak, head bowed.
"What a good girl you are, Kajira." He finally managed, voice hoarse. "You take to training so beautifully. That was exceptional."
She beamed with pride, remembering her shock at the feeling of the salty fluid filling her mouth, and savoring the praise, and the feeling of pride at bringing him so much pleasure. The stories the other servants and the wives had told in the palace had never mentioned the aching desire and the release of pleasure. She pondered on these ideas as Amir stood and fixed his trousers and she knelt contentedly at his feet.
Finally he sat back down and drew her close, setting her head upon his knee and stroking her bright hair. "You are my beloved slave, Kajira. It gives me great pleasure to own you. Tomorrow will be a special day for us, I have a surprise for you." He leaned back and pulled open a drawer in his desk, withdrawing a carved wooden box.
Kajira lifted her head with interest as he opened the box. Inside was the exquisitely tooled collar of silver and fire opals. She gasped at the sight.
"This is going to be your collar, Kajira. At least for now. Someday I will have one made of my own specifications but for now, this will adorn your pretty neck, telling the world that you belong to me."
"Thank you, Master! It is beautiful!" she gazed up at him with adoring eyes.
"Tomorrow we shall have our Collaring Ceremony, and you shall become my slave for life. Do you like that idea?" he asked, stroking her cheek tenderly.
"Oh, yes, please!" she sighed, clasping her hands together in entreaty.
"It shall be done." He vowed, putting the collar back in the box and slipping it back into the drawer.  
"Now, go and find Dima and have her show you around the house. I will be going out until this evening when we shall dine together." He raised her to her feet and kissed her. "Get dressed and enjoy this day, Kajira, my little dove."
He patted her bottom as she dressed quickly and then she left his study, thoughts swirling through her head like a swarm of buzzing bees.