Flashing 
by Alicia

It looked like it was going to be a very boring summer high school vacations. All of Nancy's school friends had gone on trips or out of town except for her best friend Lisa. They both sat on the front steps of Lisa's home trying to decide of fun things to do, but were cuming up with nothing. As best friends they began sharing personal sexy stories they had experinced with boys. Neither of them considered themselves as inocent girls, when it came to sex. Between them they've had their share of sexual adventures with a few boys by now, so they kept no secrets from each other. Both of them confessed they masturbated when they had no dates to fool around with. 
"I'm always so horny I have to finger myself almost every day" said Lisa. 
"At least that calms us for a while" Nancy said as they both broke up in laughter. 
"Don't you run out of fantasies to get yourself off" Lisa asked Nancy. 
"Sure but there are other ways to get excited" 
"Really" said Lisa prompting Nancy to talk about it. 
"The other day I flashed myself to the boy next door to me" 
"You mean naked" 
"Yeah his window face mine and caught him peeking on me" 
"Does he no your on to him" 
"No I pretend I don't know his watching" 
Nancy's confession was sexually exciting Lisa. Although Lisa told her she had done it once and enjoyed it, she would never dare do it close to people that know her. 
"Why don't we have fun falshing people on the train" 
"What do you mean" Lisa asked while waiting for Nancy to explain. 
She told her about this wooded area that lead down to the rail road tracks, where they could flash themselves as the train roard bye. After telling Lisa no one would see them and pasengers on the train would never know who she was, she agreed to do it. In order to strip quickly they would wear shorts and t-shirts without any bra or panties. They road their bikes a half mile away form any house and turned into the woods. Just as Nancy had told her, their was nothing but trees all the way down to the tracks and a open strip on either side of the tracks. We could hear the train aproaching so we both stripped, stacked all our clothes next to a tree, walked out of the woods and stood buck naked falshing ourselves as the train aproached. The only worry Lisa had, was getting caught nake by someone and being so far away for her clothes. It was such a thrill knowing that so many people saw them standing there displaying their boobs and pussies in board daylight, their hearts were pumping a mile a minute. The train disapeared into the distance and Lisa was more than glad to get back to her clothes, whe she discovered a group of teenage boys standing at the edge of the woods waving their clothes at them. Lisa had never felt so helplessly naked in her whole life. She was amaized how calm Nancy was when she broke the news to her. 
"What do we do know" Lisa ask in total shame. 
"We have no opcion but to walk over and get them" 
"God this is all your fault" Lisa told her in anger. 
They both covered themselves as best the could and without thinking to much about it, walked towards them and demanded their clothes back. 
"Two naked chicks having some fun flashing trains I belief" one of them said with a smile on his face. 
"Just had over our clothes before we go to the police" Nancy shouted. 
"I din't think it's going to be very humiliating streaking into town like that" he said as they all began laughing. 
No amount of begging was getting threw to them. 
"You want them back, you have to pay for them" cried out one of them. 
"We don't have any money" Nancy told them. 
"Well I guess you both have to pay with your cute little bodies" 
"Rape is against the law" 
"I know but a little tuching and sucking is not much to ask from two train falshing horny chicks" don't you think. 
"Let's just do what they want" Lisa told me in a low voice. She wanted it over and get back to town with some clothes on. We both got our pussies fingered and then forced on our knees to suck their dicks. The other just sucked on our breasts and ran their tongues all over our private parts and then yerked off on our faces. Once satisfied the dropped gave our clothes back and left us covered in sticky sperm. We did our best to wipe ourselves off, get dressed and ride our bikes back to town, pretending nothing had happed. What could we say after falshing ourselves naked on the rail road tracks. Lisa was so mad she never wanted to do anything with me and so embarrassed she kept it a secret form everyone. At least she did the same thing as I did. Both our parents would have kill us both if the ever found out we got raped while playing dirty games. 

Love Alicia