Title: ORF II: A Walk In The Park 
Author: bobwhite 
Summary: Xavier, a member of the Order of Reality Fixers, has some fun
with a couple of housewives in the park. 
Keywords: MF+ FF cheat mc

ORF Chapter II: A Walk In The Park by Bobwhite 
 
                          * * * * * * * * * *

I love married women. I was married myself, once; she was killed in a
sort of civil war of minds, and death is one place that even we can't
retrieve someone from--all that's left of the body is the matter, the
aura dissipates. But I digress. Most ORF members, or Orfers, have
favorite hunting grounds, or haunts, or whatever you want to call it.
Now, call me an old-fashioned romantic, but I like the park,
especially my bench, near my fairly large and fully-furnished "utility
shed." I can have--and do have--all kinds of fun there. And,
yesterday, I found a couple of treats who actually didn't need to be
guided to my special bench.

They both were taking their kids to the park.  For some, that's a
problem, but I can take a serial killer and make him the best
babysitter on earth.  Thankfully, another mother with kids was walking
by, and from her thoughts I saw that she'd be around for awhile.
Suddenly she was recruited as a babysitter for as long as I needed
her.  Having that taken care of, I noticed that the two ladies had
started talking, so I poked in on the conversation, mentally.

Amber was a fake blond with an average body for a mom--smallish boobs
(probably about B cups), which sag a bit from a couple of kids who she
breastfed.  She had short-cropped hair and her most annoying feature
(to her) was her nose, which she felt was too big for her face. She
had thin, run-of-the-mill lips. She was a little bi-curious, but her
lesbian leanings amounted to no more than an isolated and fiercely
private fantasy involving her straight friend, Beth, who she was with.
Beth had red hair, an almost flat chest, and was very straight and a
little too religious.  She had shoulder-length red hair and very thin,
wispy lips.  At least, Amber and Beth were that way when I first saw
them.  I began my games almost immediately.

Amber felt a little odd--it's as if Beth looked really good today,
better than normal. As they talked about husbands, kids, school,
washing dirty underwear, etc., she began to really notice her. Beth's
rich red mane seemed longer--normally shoulder-length and straight, it
seemed to get a little wavier by the minute, and longer--to the middle
of her back. 'It must have been growing for a month or so without me
noticing,' she thought. And her breasts seemed a bit bigger... there
was definitely cleavage showing at the top of the silk blouse, even
though (for a split second) she could have sworn she had worn a T-
shirt to the park. After some uncomfortable small talk and awkward
staring when Beth's head was turned, she swallowed her courage (with a
little nudge on my part) and started to make a move.

"I've been having these... feelings, if you know what I mean, lately--
about women... not all women, you. You're very pretty," she said, not
even able to make eye contact. The normally straight Beth looked at
Amber, her old friend, with wonder. 'Surely, she knows I'm straight,'
Beth murmured in her brain, quickly glancing at Amber's D-cup tits and
waist-length natural blonde hair. 'She had always had the better body,
even in junior high,' she noticed for the first time. Amber put her
delicate hand on Beth's thigh, and to Beth's surprise, it didn't feel
bad or wrong, even though she was still straight. "Nobody's watching.
I'll make you a deal, if you promise never to tell anyone what I'm
about to say, I'll never mention it again."

To Beth, this was reasonable. "OK. I'm not sure where you're going
with this, 'cause I'm straight, but say what you have to say. It's
clearly bothering you."

"Can I kiss you? I mean, your lips..." she was now hopelessly lost in
Beth's full, red, pouting lips, which seemed to glisten each time Beth
licked them, which she had been doing a few times in the awkward
seconds since she stopped talking. Without waiting for an answer
besides several tense seconds of motionless silence, Amber moved in,
eyes closed. The touch of lips was electric to Amber, and to her
surprise, after about half a second, her mouth and Beth's opened at
the same time. A soft but passionate dance of tongues began, and Amber
slowly rode her hand up Beth's thigh to her side as Beth put her arms
around Amber. When Amber's hand reached just the bottom of Beth's D-
cup left breast, Beth came to herself and stopped her, separating
their mouths and getting a look at Amber's fluttering eyes.

After a minute, Beth spoke first. "You promise not to tell anyone? The
parent's group at church..."

Amber, completely lost in the public lust of a previously private
desire, broke her off. "Beth, let's find somewhere to... talk about
this." The way she emphasized "talk" sparked something in Beth that
had never been there before--a damp feeling in her panties, aimed
towards a woman. They both looked behind them, to a little empty red
utility shed where there was probably nothing but garden tools.

They went to the door and found it unlocked, and empty--because they
could not see me--and sat down on the queen-size bed inside, which
somehow seemed right at home in a park utility shed. Beth started to
say something about how the kiss was wrong (Amber being too lust-
induced to be hurt by the words or even to think about anything
besides parting Amber's thighs), when I decided to test how far I
could push her before she succumbed to her body's desires. Without
affecting her other thoughts--loyalty to church, husband, family, and
the like--I began to affect her enhanced body. I began to stimulate
her new tits, making her half-inch nipples stand on end. Then I
started on her (now) hairless pussy; a low, almost humming, tingle
moving from clit, to labia, to anus (which she suddenly thought was a
great place to be touched, licked, probed....), to other labia, and
back again. It actually felt like a tongue.

They began to kiss again, at Amber's behest. Amber had stripped to bra
and thong (which she now owned several of, thanks to me) and pushed
Beth down, kissing her hard and nibbling on any available flesh. Beth
tried to resist, knowing full will this was wrong, but her body's
desires were too strong and she simply had no strength to do anything
but lay there and get kissed, licked, and nibbled. Then Amber began to
undress her friend, eliciting verbal objections.

"No, it's wrong, I'm married..." But, as her body was being exposed by
her horny friend, she, desperate to quench her thirst for flesh and
knowing she could not wait to rape her husband, rationalized the act.
This was a friend. It was not a man. No penetration. No cheating!
"Promise you won't tell Joe." Silently, Amber nodded her head 'yes,'
and removed the lacy bra and g-string covering Beth's remaining body
parts. Beth vaguely wondered where she got the sexy underwear,
normally wearing briefs and white, plain, functional bras. She forgot
about that part of her life a nanosecond later.

Amber began to lick Beth's tender folds, something she has always
dreamed of. Beth's engorged pussy seemed to be connected to an
invisible puppet's string, dragging her hips (and Amber's mouth) up,
down, sideways, and in rolling motions. She then felt the best orgasm
of her life, bar none. When she came down, Amber was fully on top of
her, whispering, "My turn." Beth knew that it was only fair, but
didn't want to give up the sensation Amber could create in her crotch.
She didn't have to worry--Amber stood up, took off her thong and bra,
and put her left knee to the right of Beth's head. The right knee went
to the left, and as Amber sat on her straight friend's face, she
lowered her head to Beth's cum-soaked sex.

Beth tentatively reached out her long tongue, which she remembered
know stuck out of her mouth a full 4 inches during sex if she wanted
it to. When she got her first taste of clit, the juice was like honey-
-exactly like honey--and she began to run her tongue over, under,
around, and into Amber's pussy. Amber was doing much the same to her
already spent sex, using her new tongue that, to Amber, seemed normal-
-the ability to stick a tongue out 5 inches when she was having sex
was now part of her.

I watched for about 15 minutes and 7 more orgasms between the both of
them. Beth's calves, sweaty, sexy, and smooth, were draped over the
edge of the bed. Amber's arms were hooked beneath Beth's knees to
control her spasming friend. They slowly moved in a semicircle, so
that Amber's asshole (being teased by Beth's finger) was towards the
edge of the bed. That's when I made my move. Gently using my hand to
move Beth's tongue out of Amber's pussy, I showed Beth an up-front
view of my 9-inch cock. Amber instinctively turned her head around,
begging me to penetrate. Beth began to protest, then, after Amber
convinced her that it was all a secret anyway, Beth relented and
promised not to tell Bill, Amber's husband, that she was getting
fucked in a 3-way by some stranger and her best friend.

Then Beth pleadingly looked at me and said, "But don't touch me with
that. I'm married." Funny--this wasn't cheating, somehow, because she
wasn't fucking a man. It's funny how hormones driven out-of-control
can change a perspective.

I slid easily into Amber's dripping slit, tickled slightly by Beth's
tongue--which she was trying to keep away from me; apparently, even
licking me was infidelity. After a few minutes of this, Amber came
again onto Beth's now slick face, and begged for the first time in her
life to be ass-fucked. Of course, she was an anal pro in her and her
husband's mind--but I would get her ass-cherry. So, I dutifully pulled
out and aimed my head at her rosebud. As I entered, I changed her
anatomy so that her ass had the same lubrication properties as her
pussy. Her husband would be very thankful. I also added a very small
nub on her anus, directly opposite her clit--it was an anal clit, a
specialty of mine; it created sensations exactly the same as her
normal clit did.

Even though she thought she was anally experienced, this sensation was
new, and she bucked back violently. Beth could barely keep up. After a
few dozen mighty thrusts with my now 7-inch, slightly slimmer prick, I
shot a load up her ass. Since my cum makes a woman orgasm violently,
so she passed out after a few orgasmic convulsions. This left a very
horny Beth and I to talk. Small talk, if you can believe it.

"I've never been with a woman--you won't tell Joe, will you? I mean,
it's not like I was with another man, just a friend, but I don't know
if he'd understand." She didn't know that, thanks to me, he would
understand, and had already staged a threesome at home--his secretary
was coming over for dinner, and he and Beth would seduce her. But,
Beth still needed some work. She could not fuck another man in her
current state, no matter how horny she currently felt, and seeing Joe
with another woman would drive her mad. So, as she talked about her
experience with Amber while Amber herself snored in a slumber filled
with erotic dreams, I slowly increased her overall horniness. And, I
added a desire to have my prick--not any dick, just mine--inside her.
That desire doubled every 2 seconds. Then, I became more direct.

"When will you stop denying that you want me? Your husband won't know,
and you can't deny your body forever," I said.

"But I can't! I'm a Christian! I'm married! I... uhhh... can't." She
trailed off licking her lips, then holding her right breast up to her
mouth and exploring her nipples. The other hand drifted to her cunt.

"I know you need this," I said, bringing my 10-inch member to within a
foot of her face. It was hard again, glistening with Amber's cum. Her
anal juices were exactly like her vaginal juices; shit-on-a-dick is
not a turn-on. I also added this feature to Beth, which made her jump
a bit as the bit of bedspread which had bunched up into her crack as
she sat on the bed tickled her new ass clit. "You can't deny it."

"No. I'm faithful. I'm married..." By now, she was reaching for my
cock. When she touched it, the desire literally increased 100 times,
and she dove her mouth towards it (her mouth, as was Amber's, was as
responsive to cock as her vagina, but I don't do mouth clits). She
stopped inches short. "P.. Promise you won't tell Joe." I nodded, and
she put me into her mouth. Surprisingly to her, she had no trouble
deep-throating my dick. She quickly accepted this, as well as the
other changes of the day, as the normal. I grabbed her head and,
moving her head against my motionless body, made her face-fuck me
until she was nearly in orgasm. Then, I pulled out, and Amber suddenly
woke up and began to stroke Beth's clit, making her lean back. When
she was fully on the bed, she was kissing Amber, asking how I was.

"Wonderful. And I won't tell Joe either," was Amber's response.

"OK, Xavier." She now knew my name. "This one time... ah, oh,
unnnghhh..." was all she got out as I entered her pussy. I pounded her
relentlessly for several minutes, stopping again short of her orgasm.
I pulled out.

"On your hands and knees, Beth. If you really want this, you will take
it up the asshole." At this, I had her ass lubricate. She straddled
Amber, who ran her long tongue into Beth's pussy and began to finger
her ass. Still, no orgasm would come. She began to beg and beg to
come, for me to go back to her pussy, but I would only touch my cock
head to her rosebud and pull away until she begged for it up the ass.
Unlike Amber, Beth's anal deflowering would be completely voluntary,
with all her beliefs and thoughts intact, albeit clouded by lust
induced by me. I love corrupting someone before I release them, with
no useful memory of what we'd done.

"OK! OK! Fuck my ass! Make me cuuummmmm! AHHHHH!" she screamed as I
slammed into her juicy ass with my full-size 10-inch dick. No easy
size for her--after all, I thought she cheated on her husband pretty
quickly. I mean, I didn't even have to threaten her with "no more
orgasms" to get her to accept my fellow in her back door. Oh well.

I pounded that ass while Amber tongue-fucked her pussy for a solid 5
minutes of pure bliss before unloading a large amount of choad up her
ass. She convulsed and passed out, and when Amber began to lick the
cum from her ass, Amber came again--like I said, I have magic cum. She
passed out, too. When they both woke up, they got dressed in their new
clothes, got their kids, and went home to two very happy husbands.

To avoid trouble, I made it so that they'd grown into their current
sexpot forms from puberty. And, unlike some controllers I know,
they're still faithful to their husbands, although they've been known
to sometimes fuck each other silly when Joe and Bill aren't around.
And, as a consolation prize to Joe (after all, I didn't give Amber any
choice--she had to fuck me; Beth actually caved in), Beth became
actively but discretely bisexual and they had many threesomes. They
never wondered why when they went looking for a third partner, if Beth
was with Joe during the search, they never had trouble picking up the
prettiest girl, no matter what relationship that girl was in or her
sexual orientation.  Beth unknowingly carries a little bit of mental
influence with her that makes Joe's wildest sexual dreams into
reality.

With that bit of entertainment out of the way, I went to meet Jim at a
local bar. It's a nice bar, the kind with good chicken wings and girls
wearing short shorts and tight shirts advertising their assets, which
are augmented by an "enchanted" sign in the employee dressing room.
Any female working there as a waitress temporarily grows 2 cup sizes,
gets a slimmed waste and flared hips, while at work. Bodies return to
normal after work.  No thanks are necessary if you go there; it was my
pleasure.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2002, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.