Mithrell awoke to find her guardian sitting over her bed, watching her sleep. She was not conscious of her nudity as she peeled back the covers, and only at his sudden lack of speech and coordination did she realize that her maddeningly beautiful curves were apparent to the morning sun, and to his easily embarrassed eyes. She laughed as she threw over herself a white shift, then covered that with a deep black cloak. His uniform was, as always, black silk combat robes and a deep brown quarterstaff, matching his eye color. He knelt before her, and she tousled his hair as she passed, beckoning him to follow her out of the room. He tossed a small pouch of coins to the innkeeper as she passed, and she walked out of the inn and into the village.
She asked him if he desired to take a quick detour to the mountain retreat, and his reply, same as always, rang in her ears: "As m'Lady wishes." She turned from the inn to a path leading out of town, through a forest and up the side of a gracious mountain.
As she walked, she made small talk with him: ideas for a new cloak, how families were, whether or not he had ever done anything more than try on clothes in a tailor's boutique. She sensed his blush even though she was before him, and his cowl is pulled over his face, and she laughed as her feet clicked against the stones of the dirt path. He replied that he had not, though if he had the right inspiration he would like to try a fitting of his very own. Mithrell laughed again, and continued on to her destination.
At the foot of the mountain two bandits dressed in flaming crimson tunics and pants, with bandannas over their faces, brandished swords at her and her guard, threatening her in an odd mix of Basic and Orc... leading them to seriously doubt their intelligence. Her guard immediately stepped forward, his voice a hiss of challenge as the quarterstaff spun lightning fast in the morning light. Both creatures sprang at him, and before she could think to assist her guard, the three was locked in combat.
The bandits seemed to know each other well as they strove to hack him into itty bitty bite-sized pieces. But the warrior is not so easily swayed, catching the blades on staff and spinning them away without thought, his motions lithe as water and lethal as a scorpions sting. Suddenly, he cried out in rage. He pressed the assault, first disarming both with a twist of the staff, then unleashing a flurry of blows upon them both. As the cowards turned to try and run, he charged after them, and tripped them with the oaken staff. Before then could react, the staff impaled them both in a less than comfortable place... straight up the ass. He grinned evilly as he spun the staff, sending the two bandits flying in opposite directions over the cliffs that lined the path. He wiped clean the wood and beckoned her ahead.
The rest of the trip passed without incident as she walked up the mountain. Finally, as she approached the door of the chalet, she stopped and waited for him to open the door. He swiftly followed her unspoken command, and she could feel his eyes upon her form as she climbed the stairs into the spacious home. As the afternoon passed away she sat and talked, having him fetch various items and watching him perform the tasks dutifully, the sweat-soaked clothes clinging to his skin. Finally, she suggested a spar. she motioned to the two elven short swords crossed above the mantle, and he readily agreed to her having them both against his staff. Her grin is evil as she proposed one final rule to the spar... no clothes allowed. She could see his throat tighten as his cheeks flushed crimson, but he readily agreed nonetheless.
She striped her shift off first, allowing her cloak to cover herself, though barely, as his eyes watched her. The twin points of her hardening nipples showed clearly through the black velvet, and the part in front showed the soft folds and smooth flesh of her sex. She saw a stirring in his black combat pants as he first striped himself of his shirt. A little bit round, but nonetheless pleasing to the eye. Then his pants... she had seen him nude before, but never in this state. His skin showed clear and unblemished, lightly muscled. And something else that surprised her... not a strand of hair adorning his entire body. He sensed her questioning gaze and replied that it is easier to move when body hair is not caught up in clothing. He assumed a guards stance: right foot before the left, shoulders angled towards her, staff held at his hip in an overhand-underhand grip... his skin flushed as his cock stood almost straight out from him.
She assumed an elven stance, low to the ground, blades held defensively, one high, one low. She knew he did not see the blades, only the soft curves of her full chest, the delicious mounds of flesh moving with her breath. She decided to rectify the situation by striking at his torso. He quickly responded by spinning on his foot, catching the blade and throwing it to the side before striking at her flank. She parried the blow, and the fight began.
His arousal only increased as he watched her body flow with the grace of a spring rain, parrying each blow without effort and striking at him with speed. As the fight dragged on, she became more aggressive, forcing him back. She knew she was the better skilled of them both, and she decided it was appropriate to prove it to him again. She pressed the attack, and watched him stumble. Seeing her window of opportunity, she knocked the staff high and slipped behind him, dropping one sword and lifting his chin behind him, pressing the blade to his throat. He did not move, his breathing slightly quickened. "What will you do with me now, m'Lady?" he breathed. She feel his body quiver by the calf that spread his legs, the hard nipples that pressed against his back.
   "I fancy a bit of swordplay, love," she snickered as the hand that held his head trailed lower, to his hardened cock. She heard him gasp as she took it's hard length in her hand. She stroked it, enjoying the way he gulped and moaned softly, letting her fingers pinch the violet head hard once in a while, to make sure he was still alive. His hands drooped to the knee that rested just underneath his cock, and he began rubbing her thigh and calf gently, his cock throbbing with his heartbeat under her fingers. She released her hold, then pushed him as her leg locked around his, forcing him to bend over at the waist, to catch himself on the table. She slip beneath him and watch his cock a moment, then took it into her mouth. He moaned loudly, enough to startle some birds on the windowsill. He whimpered like a child as her lips stroked around his member, feeling it swell and shiver between her lips. Her fingers find his ass, and she begin kneading it with long fingernails as her head bobbed up and down the length of his shaft. She slipped two fingers into his ass, knowing he would never resist her, and he did not disappoint, moaning as his hips pressed against the invading fingers.
She fingered him slowly as she sucked his cock, and suddenly took him all into her mouth. Moaning, she vibrated her throat around the sensitive head of his cock, and she was swiftly rewarded with his generously flowing seed. His hips pumped, pushing the length of flesh into her mouth as it shot it's molten seed in her throat, five spurts, six filling her mouth. She smiled as she let his member slip from her lips, then looked up at him as he looked down at her. She removed her fingers, and licked her lips seductively as she spoke. "Your punishment for loosing..." she let her fingers trail down her body, to her sex... smearing some of its juices on her Venus mound, then flicked her clit with her index finger. He immediately dropped to his knees, his tongue moving straight to the button of her desire, his finger spreading the petals of her sex, probing and searching.
His licked her like he knew her body better than she did. His tongue slipped beneath her clit's protective hood to circle the hardening flesh, his fingers splitting inside her sex and pressing up at her g-spot, making she cry out in pleasure. His fingers began pumping within her, his pinkie finding her own nether hole and insinuating it's way inside. Her hands grasped his head, her thighs clenching as he drank of her fluids, then pressed both hands together. He growled in his desire as he split his hands between the middle and ring fingers, then slowly he began to penetrate her...the top fingers slipping inside her wet pussy, the lower fingers, stretching and filling her tight ass. He fucked she with long slow strokes with those fingers, his tongue and lips punishing her clit. She moaned and panted, her hips bucking to the treatment. Soon she could not stand it anymore, and begged to cum... again, he followed her order, sucking her clit hard as he spread his fingers inside her. Her scream of delight ripped through the air, her hands digging into his scalp as her orgasm tore through her like a wild boar, her entire body alight in sweet passionate heat, feeling him slow and stop as her orgasm subsided.
As he slipped back up her body, she feel his member pulsing gently against her thigh. She looked into his eyes, very seriously, as she reached down and grasped him, then pulled him to a sitting position. She faced towards him, and gently slid her sex over his throbbing cock, enveloping him in one fluid motion, His hands grabbed her ass and begin kneading it as she wrapped her legs around his back, and his lips and tongue found her left nipple as he helped she slide up and down his member. The pace quickened, to the tempo of her breathing, and his teeth pulled and twisted her nipple, his fingers pinching her ass, lightly, but enough to send waves of pleasure through her. He leaned forward and laid her upon her back, then started driving in her anew, the new angle lifting her hips as he bored into she. For several minutes, all that was heard was her ragged gasps, his grunts of pleasure, and the slapping of her bodies together in a cadence of desire.
He pushed hard into her and lifted her back to a sitting position, turning her around so she faced away from him. She feel him pause, then lift her body as if it weighed nothing, withdrawing his cock from her pussy and resting the head against the tight opening of her anus. She moan softly, a sound of desire that told him to continue, and slowly she feel her nether passage being opened, stretched by his member. As he slid fully within her, as she slowly got accustomed to the sensation of being filled, she feel another item pushing apart the lips of her sex, pushing inside her from there. Looking down, she saw a smooth cock of polished ebony wood slowly vanishing inside her moist grasping pussy. Her shivers became uncontrollable as he began rocking, pumping a couple inches of his cock in her ass as the artificial invader began a motion all of it's own. The speed picked up, until she could no longer contain herself. Her hair flying, her breasts bouncing, she threw her head back and screamed as another, more powerful climax ripped her body into shreds of pure fire. Her channels throbbed against their invaders, and she was dimly aware of his cock swelling inside her, then jerking as it sent it's offering of warm sticky seed into her rear, her insides being bathed in a creamy white sheet. As she collapsed upon him, her breathing heavy, she felt him lift her and carried her to her bed. She was just awake enough to realize the sun was setting, and with a soft sigh of content she felt herself emptied. She curled up, perfectly happy, as he slipped into the bed behind her, his strong warmth cradling her close. He kissed her neck, and she drifted off into slumber, the sound of his breathing comforting her.