I stop at a small independent coffee shop a few times a week. One morning there was a new girl working behind the counter. The first thing I noticed about her was her tattoos; she had full sleeves on each arm featuring 80's and 90's characters. One arm with heroes, the other with villains. He- man/Skeletor, Optimus/Megatron, Mario/Bowser, Link/Ganon Beast/Gaston and several other pairs. Extremely cool.
She was rubenesque in all the best ways. About five and half feet tall, probably 225 pounds, and enormous green eyes that were almost "bug-eyed". Her ass large and round, big tits, and shoulder-length black hair up in a ponytail. She was wearing the coffee shop uniform of beige pants, black shirt, red apron, and had a nametag that read "Nikki".
I ordered my morning coffee after complimenting her tattoos, then went to sit and wait til my name was called. Covertly, I tried to see if she was wearing a ring without trying to look like an jackass. When she called out Jim, I went up to the counter and figured "ah what the hell."
"I know you probably get guys in here hitting on you all the time, asking when you get off work, asking for your number or whatever. So I'm not going to do that. Instead, I'm just going to give you my number, and hopefully you'll decide to use it some time." I wrote my number on one of those coffee cup sleeve things and gave it her. She smiled and said she'd think about it. I left and went on about my day.
That afternoon, I got a text from a number I didn't recognize. It said,
"my coworkers said that you weren't a creep, so I decided to talk to you. So don't turn out to be a creep for 5 minutes."
I laughed and replied "Fine, but at 6 minutes, I'm being a creep."
"LOL funny is a checkmark in the 'talk to' column"
"What do I have to get more checkmarks in that column?"
We spent the rest of the afternoon texting back and forth. She was really funny and easy to talk to. After I got home, I asked if she'd be interested in going out some time. We made plans for Friday evening. I offered to meet her somewhere, but she wanted me to pick her up from her place, because she usually rides the bus around town. At 7 o'clock I knocked on her apartment door. When she opened the door, I was blown away. She wore black leggings, red converse, a low-cut shirt with Care Bears on it that showed some generous cleavage, a denim jacket covered with patches and buttons, and great makeup. Bright blue lipstick, dark blue eyeshadow, and black eye liner.
She asked "ready to go? I'm starving. Your mouth's open by the way."
I replied, "oh sorry, you look great. Let's go." She smiled and held out her arm. I hooked my arm in hers and we walked back to my car.
I drove to a chain restaurant that had an arcade on one half of the restaurant. We talked and laughed the whole time on the drive over. I asked her if this place was okay and she said that she loved games. I figured she did after seeing some video game characters on her tattooed arms. We ate our meals, had a few drinks, and then went over to the game side of the restaurant.
We played several games together having a good time. Then, she challenged me to a game of Air Hockey. After we each scored one point, she leaned way over the table to reach the puck. My eyes were drawn to her cleavage like a magnet. She noticed me looking and got a sly smile. She grinned and pulled her shirt down further revealing a better view of her boobs. As I was staring at them, I totally missed the puck and she scored on me.
I exclaimed "Hey! That's cheating!"
She laughed and said "All's fair in love and Air Hockey dork!"
I wound up losing because I couldn't defeat her feminine wiles. We kept playing, laughing and having a good time. Looking around the prize room, she got on her tiptoes and whispered in my ear "if you win me that Pikachu, I'll suck your dick."
I looked at the tag on a two foot tall plush Pikachu doll and I was short by roughly 700 tickets. I told her, "you do realize that I come here all the time, I can win that many tickets in ten minutes."
She laughed and said "well prove it then!"
I went and played one more game that I'm really good at hit the jackpot on my second try. I won a thousand more tickets and her mouth fell open.
I said "your mouth is open by the way," and started picking up all the tickets.
We went back to the counter, I got the Pikachu and then gave my remaining tickets to a kid. She was hugging her doll and said "lets get out of here" with one of her eyebrows raised.
When we got to my car, I started driving to my place. She reached over and took my right hand and after a few minutes, she said "damn, you're a hung lesbian."
Confused, I asked what she meant. She laughed and said " you've got really long fingers. Get it? 'Hung lesbian'." She laughed again and said "seriously, I've seen dicks smaller than your fingers."
I laughed and said "thanks I guess?"
She then totally caught me off guard when she asked very matter-of-factly, "so how big is your dick? With hands like these, do you have monster down there?"
I decided to answer just as matter-of-factly and said "I'm not sure, I've never really measured. By porn standards, I'd say I was small. But for regular guys, I'd say I was probably average. I buy Magnum sized condoms, but I'm pretty sure condom companies make the average size 'Magnum' because they know dudes won't buy anything for their dicks unless it says humongous on the packaging." She was laughing the whole time.
When we got to my place, I gave her brief tour of it, and then went to my bedroom. "Nice place. Now lay down on the bed and take your pants off" she ordered.
I did as I was told and while still fully clothed, she knelt down in front of me. I told her "you don't have to actually do this, it was just a silly challenge."
She said back, "no, I'm going to. You earned me the prize I wanted and it's only fair that I keep my word. Besides, I like giving head. Will you be able to get it up again later?"
Not going to argue, I nodded, and I just laid back and watched her get started. I was already pretty hard when I took my pants off and she quickly got me all the way. She started with some light stroking which felt great. After about a minute of stroking, Nikki began licking the length of my cock, from root to head. I quickly realized she was an expert at blowjobs. Sliding her lips up and down my shaft while moaning very slightly, she got some of her blue lipstick on my shaft. After bobbing her head for a few minutes, she took me all the way into her mouth. I looked up at the ceiling; I was trying desperately to last as long as I could, but I knew I couldn't last much longer. I told her, "I'm almost there."
She locked eyes with me, smiled around my dick, and winked at me. I was pretty much a goner at that point. Nikki moved her lips to just the tip of my head and started stroking hard and fast. I told her "it's been a little while since I've cum; it'll probably be a lot." She kept right on stroking and I started cumming with a groan. The whole time, Nikki kept eye contact with me. Her green eyes got a little wider as I came in her mouth. It really made her look a little bug-eyed.
She stroked me all the way through my orgasm, and then backed off my cock. Opening her mouth, but not spilling any of my cum, she showed me all of the thick, white jizz in the bottom of her mouth. Then, she closed her mouth, and swallowed everything down. Slightly out of breath and laughing , she said "whew! Damn, that was a huge load!"
In a mock defensive tone, I said "hey, I did warn you. Now it's your turn, if I don't get at those tits, I might die."
Laughing, she said "that's a little dramatic." But she stood up and took her top off and I got to see her boobs inside a bra that was failing to constrain them spectacularly. The bra cups were overflowing with her expansive tits. After taking her bra off, she let her tits drop. They sagged a little, but they were huge, so that was to be expected. They had nipples the size of my pinky tips surrounded by areolas about the size of half-dollar coin. Giant pale boobs with pink-tipped nipples. I was practically drooling. Stepping toward me, she buried my face in them. I licked each nipple in turn, and squeezed the other one while my mouth was latched on. She moaned and ran her hands through my hair. After a few minutes of this, I pulled back and stood up. I then traded places with her and pushed her gently down onto the bed. I knelt down and reached for her leggings.
She stopped me once I got them off and reached for her panties and said "wait, it's been a while for me too, and I didn't expect the night to go this far. I haven't shaved in almost three weeks" and started to cover herself with her hands.
I smiled and said "you like to give head, and I like a hairy snatch. Shaved girls always look too young to me. I'm interested in a woman, not a little girl."
I moved her hands away from her panties and pulled them down over her thick thighs. She was hairy, but it was a turn on for me. I started kissing her big thighs on either side of my face, and running my fingers through her pussy hair. I kept teasing her until she was squirming and trying to push her pussy toward my face. Very gently, I started to lick her cunt. I licked each of her lips, and ran my tongue through her hair. I stuck my tongue in her pussy and moved it upward until I found her clit. I started to suck and lick her clit and she moaned louder and she pulled my face harder into her snatch.
After almost ten minutes of my going down on her she begged me "use your dick fingers!"
I smiled with my lips pressed up against hers. While still licking her clit, I put the index and middle fingers of my of right hand in her pussy and started gently curling them upward, looking for her G Spot. I stroked my fingers in and out of her hairy pussy harder and harder. She bucked harder against my mouth each time I brushed up against her G Spot. I knew she was about to cum then. She groaned even louder, her pussy gripped my fingers harder and she made a guttural sound and then collapsed back on the bed breathing hard. I got up and laid next to her on the bed while she caught her breath. Finding my cock with her hand, she stroked me until I was fully hard again.
"Do you want me to wear a condom" I asked?
"I'm on birth control, so only if you want to. Feel free to pull out if you're not comfortable cumming in me." She said.
I stood up and had her get on her knees on the edge of the bed. She thrust her giant ass out toward me. I ran my hands all over her ass and played with it until she told me to fuck her already. I laughed and started teasing her pussy with the head of my dick. Until I pushed into her all the way slowly as she groaned. I began to slowly move in and out of her pussy with long strokes while I still rubbed her ass. A few minutes after this she ordered me to fuck her harder. Picking up the pace of my thrusts, I slapped her ass once and she yelped.
"Yes! Slap my ass. Pull my hair too!" She yelled at me.
Reaching up her back, I pulled her hair into my left hand while still squeezing her ass with my right. The whole time I kept thrusting into her pussy. Occasionally, I'd slap her big butt with my right hand and then rub it some more. I could hear how wet she was getting and I knew she was about to cum again. I pulled her hair harder and her orgasm started. Nikki groaned in that guttural way again and I felt her pussy get wetter as it gripped my cock even tighter. Knowing I couldn't last any longer, I thrust into her even harder until I was the very brink cumming. I pulled out of her and jerked my cock a couple of times until I started cumming. I sprayed my first shot all the way up to her shoulder blades. The second and third shots plopped onto her huge ass and lower back. A fourth shot dribbled into her crack and onto her pussy. My white cum was all over her. Long thick ropes of it from her ass all the way to her upper back.
We were both breathing hard and she asked for a towel. I said "nope sorry, no towels in the entire house, you'll just have to stay that way." She laughed and smacked me on the leg while I went and got her one.
I cleaned all of the cum off her back, ass, and pussy and then we both laid down next to each other. She turned onto her side and pushed her back and huge butt against my chest and dick. I wrapped my arms around her and put one hand on one of her boobs, and the other on her big belly.
I asked her if she needed me to take her home or anything and she said that she didn't. We stayed spooning each other until eventually we fell asleep.