------------DISCLAIMER STATEMENT---------------
This is a sexually graphic story with adult 
content. You must be 21 years of age to read. 
The characters in this sexual fantasy story are 
imaginary, and are not a representation, in any 
manner, of any real world persons or groups or 
organizations.

Story Content: (TV/TG, M+/M)

STORY TITLE: The Other Woman
By: Es2c



My name is Tom.  I'm also known as Tammy to a gentleman 
friend of mine.  His name is Steve.

Steve is my lover man, even though he's married.  We have a 
great time when he has time for me.

I don't complain that I'm sharing him.  I'm just grateful 
he finds time for me. You see I care a lot for him.  I 
guess you could say I even adore him and love him.  I'd do 
almost anything for him.

I really like dressing up pretty for him when he wants to 
get together with me. We mostly meet in out of the way 
motels and hotels for our sexual rendezvous. When I'm 
decked out in pearls, pumps, a sexy dress, and makeup, I 
pass in public rather well.  So it's not unusual for him to 
occasionally take me to some dimly lit restaurants or shows 
in an adjacent city.

Each minute I spend with him is so precious to me.  I keep 
a detailed diary account of each of our fairy tale 
meetings.

Steve is so handsome and is quite the sexual athlete in 
bed.  I love being on the end of his thick 7 & 5/8" 
perfectly formed circumcised penis. He has such a well-
shaped cockhead, which I could spend hours sucking on. As 
you might imagine, I do spend a lot of time with it between 
my lips suckling it for him. 

Steve likes to see me wearing very feminine and ornately 
lacy attire when we're together.  I'm not sure whether it's 
to contrast his masculinity compared to mine or to ensure I 
don't forget that I'm the woman in the relationship.  
Either way, I don't know or care, as I like doing what he 
desires of me.

He and I both know that I often look quite the slut at 
times when I dress as he wants me too, but I'm more than 
glad to do so to please my Prince Charming.

The man is the consummate sex machine.  Very seldom does he 
give me less than 3 sizable loads when he's sexing me.  He 
loves to always have me suck out that first hot heavy load.  
I like doing that too, very much - I just love the taste of 
his rich creamy semen. And I am just crazy about the way 
his cum is spurted in such powerful jets.  It's the things 
that dreams are made of. 

After I get his first load, he'll rests up a bit, maybe 10 
- 15 minutes, before he's truly using me as a woman.  I get 
such a thrill from his initial penetration and invasion of 
my sissy pussy.

He loves to do me in the Missionary position and also with 
me on top too. I love it when he's kissing me as he 
shooting his hot sperm in me.  It's such a magic moment for 
me when he's giving me such a precious part of himself. 
Many times I'll come with him as he comes in me.  As you 
can imagine, it's such a blissful experience to come in 
unison as lovers.

After his ecstasy fucking of me, we both rest up and cuddle 
a bit before he gives me the third load of his jism.  The 
talks we have during this time are so romantic and endear 
me to the man each time we have them.

The third load I leisurely suckle from him, as I fondle and 
orally caress his penis and big balls. I love spending the 
last of our time together with my head in his crotch 
lovingly lapping and playfully sucking and kissing his 
handsome member and fondling his big balls.  As I'm doing 
all this, I sensuously express my adoration to him and my 
grateful thanks for him being my lover and letting me be a 
part of his life.

We generally spend about 3 hours together, unless it's just 
for a quickie when he needs me to meet him somewhere for a 
quick blowjob.

Even for quickies, I'll dress up as best I can for him as I 
always want to visually express to him that I am indeed the 
devoted female in our relation. I know he appreciates all 
the trouble I go through whether he says so or not.

Many times he lets me pay for the expenses of us meeting.  
Even though he's not rich and could afford it, I do so to 
remind him how much I care for him and to show I am 
committed and devoted to pleasing him.

I'm not rolling in money either.  In fact - I know you 
readers are going to think I'm awful - I often suck dicks 
for money in order to get funds to be with him, including 
buying the kind of clothes he wants me to wear.  And yes, I 
buy him nice little expensive presents from time to time to 
remind him of my affection for him.

One time he was jokingly asking me if I would get him the 
money to buy his wife a $6,000 necklace for their 
anniversary.  I was suckling his wonderful penis at the 
time, in anticipation of getting his third tasty load of 
the night.  We were at some remote out of the way motel. 
As usual he was caressing the back of my head and upper 
back as I lay between his parted legs.

Between slurps and laps, I promised him I'd help him buy it 
for her, even though his anniversary was only 24 days away.  
He thought I was kidding. I wasn't.

Eighteen days later, I met him early one evening after work 
and handed him sixty $100 bills, all neatly pressed flat 
and in an envelope with a love note from me.

As usual, even for such brief meetings between us, I was in 
TV attire.  

It was a nice little respectable number. A dark blue 
woman's business suit with a white satin blouses. The skirt 
hem was neither short nor too long, but just right to 
accent my nicely shaped legs. As usual, I wore pearl 
accessories.  Steve loves to see me in pearls.

Steve knows I hustled myself to make the money for him.  He 
didn't get into the details and I didn't offer them to him. 
After all, that's my business, unless of course he wanted 
me to tell him.  However, I can reveal it to you readers.

If you must know, I sucked dicks wherever I could find 
someone to pay. It didn't matter how much they could pay 
either.  I gave head for as little as $2 and as much as 
$40.  I worked the bus stations, adult theaters, and parks 
as I trolled for dick suck tricks. 

I sucked dick 324 times in 18 days. Most of the dicks were 
new men but there were several repeat customers in that 
tally.  Either way, that was a new record for me.

Steve was impressed that I could deliver in such a short 
time and praised me.

"You're such a sweet thing honey, and can be quite the 
little whore, but remember, you're mine." He told me as he 
pecked me on the lips.  I was so elated at his affectionate 
compliment.  Just seeing the way he looked when I handed 
him that envelope bulging with money was so thrilling to me 
and worth the effort I'd put out to earn it.

His words were payment enough for all my 18 days of hard 
work of lapping and sucking on and swallowing from public 
dicks.

"Now I need to get enough money to take her to a fancy 
restaurant to present such a nice present.  I can't just 
take her to any old eating place. You by chance don't have 
an extra $1,000 on you do you I could have."

There were only 6 days left before the big night.

"Darling, you go ahead and make the reservations for your 
evening.  Don't worry, I'll have your money in 5 days." I 
said hurriedly as I gave him a quick kiss and rushed off to 
raise the extra money he wanted for an evening on the town 
with his wife.

In fact, when I left him, I immediately went to a section 
of town where there were adult bookstores with peep booths 
or adjoining XXX theaters. 

I was out to 1 AM that night swallowing more public dick 
cream for my lover man.  I raised $225 for 6 hours work on 
a Tuesday night.  I didn't think that was too bad as I took 
a shower and retired to bed.

I suspected I could make a $1,000 in 5 days if I went out 
whoring about 6 hours after work each day.

As when I met Steve to give him the $6,000, I'd have to 
pack my TV outfit and dress in a public restroom somewhere, 
since it was too far to go back to my apartment. Plus it 
would waste valuable time, time better spent sucking dicks 
for my beloved Steve.

I'll spare you, the reader, all I had to go through to suck 
up the additional money he needed, but as I promised him, I 
again met my lover man, exactly five days later and handed 
him eleven $100 bills. That's right, I gave him more than 
he asked for.

Again, I was thrilled at the look on his face as I gave him 
a similar envelope containing another love note in which I 
again let him know that the contents of the envelope was 
another small gesture of what I'd do to demonstrate my love 
for him.

We kissed passionately in his car on the dimly lit street.  
I would've sucked him off then and there, but he had to 
save himself for Dorothy - his wife - for the big night, 
which was literally around the corner.

As we parted, he again thanked me and reminded me of 
something.

"Remember, our anniversary is just three months away, 
surely you and I must do something equal to this."

I was so busy helping him out I almost forgot about his and 
mine 3 year anniversary coming up.  Three delightful years 
of me being the other woman - and whore - for him.

As I walked in my apartment, I was rather tired, but 
pleasantly so.  I felt very contented, knowing that getting 
face fucked all those times over the past few weeks worth 
it and for a good cause.

As I took a leisurely glamour bath, I began mental planning 
for what I had to do to make our third anniversary 
memorable. I knew Steve meant by his parting words that he 
expected me to finance and make sure our own anniversary 
was as spectacular as the one I'd bankrolled, through my TV 
hookering, for he and his wife.

I smiled as I mused over the things one does for love.  
However, I knew Steve knew, that me being what some might 
label as a fool for him, is nothing more than me doing my 
role as a devoted lover of a handsome man such as him.  One 
that does what's necessary to keep his and my loving 
relationship vibrant and loving.

I've always wanted to buy Steve a nice masculine diamond 
ring.  Those that have a square gem setting and have three 
large stones in them.  I giggled as I thought of the 
significance of the three.  One for each of us - him, his 
wife, and me.

I reflected on the time frame in which I had to work.  I 
quickly concluded I'd need $10,000 to do all I wanted to do 
to make his and our third anniversary special as well as 
memorable.

As I went to sleep that night, I pleasantly lamented that a 
woman's work is never done in keeping her man happy, and 
her's. 

I had sweet dreams that night of what Steve and I would do 
on our anniversary night.

When I awoke the next morning, I'd raised my anniversary 
budget to $15,000.  As I went off to work, I was happy and 
at one with the world.  

I wanted this to be special for Steve and I.  Again I knew 
what I had to do and what Steve was probably expecting of 
me.  I knew I couldn't let him down. 

I concluded that not only would I have to suck dicks, but I 
also may have to sell some of my sissy cunt this time.

Oh well, as they say, anything worth having is worth 
working for. I certainly know Steve's love for me is worth 
having, and therefore worth me selling a little ass for.

Yes, a woman's work is never done, especially if you're the 
other woman.


THE END 

Comments: es2c@hotmail.com





