TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright  APRIL 2012 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this
notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(M+/F, MM, MF, Inter, Impreg, FemDom, MC(Mind
Control))
WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS
STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A
FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE
GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY
MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY
THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES MALE
LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE


Title:  Company Concubine
Author: C.D.E.

CAST:
Sylvester - Husband
Sara  Wife


CHAPTER 1: COMPANY OPEN HOUSE

	To my surprise, my mother-in-law seemed more amused at my
vexation and embarrassment, rather than sympathetic to my
distraught state of mind, as I related to her details of my visit
at the  company open house at my wifes new job.
	It w-was unreal.  I-I was so embarrassed a-and stupefied as
Sara took me around a-and introduced me to a-about 35  I-I
really lost count  company executives and b-brawny male
co-workers w-whove fucked her since shes been working there. 
They all c-congratulated me as a cuckold husband of a Company
concubine.  I-I felt s-so un-nerved.  B-But, I-I have to a-admit
t-they w-were all cordial, a-and treated me warmly as they
praised how well my w-wife serviced t-them in bed.  I-I was
s-further shocked w-when m-many of the m-men praised me for being
the pussy sucker I was for my wife a-and that they felt honored
that I was sucking up their spend.  I-I c-couldnt believe that
S-Sara had revealed s-such a-an i-intimate p-part of o-our
marital sex life.  A-A-And w-what m-makes it s-so b-bad, I-I
didnt e-even know s-she was b-being fucked a-at work.  I-I
j-just thought a-all that c-cum in h-her pussy w-was f-from
h-her usual studs.  I-I cant believe s-she n-never m-mentioned
it.
	What wouldve it mattered to you my dear son-in-law?  Is it
important to you to know whose dick is giving her pussy the
satisfaction you cant or whose jism youre eating?  Your only
concern should be to give her the pleasure she derives from you
sucking all that nut cream from her well fucked cunt?
	I couldnt help but look stupid in front of my wifes mom after
thanking just how silly my statement was in the first place.  But
anyway, I forgave myself quickly because I was upset.  I kept on
with my rant.	
       A-And a-another thing I-I didnt know w-was t-that s-she
also was called on to s-service clients of the Company too. 
S-Sara beamed with pride when she revealed that shes been fucked
by a total of 60 different men since taking the job just 2 months
ago.
	Well Sylvester, look at the bright side, that means that your
new bride will bring even more experience into the marriage and
into your marital bed.  And since all of us in the family know
that with your little thing, the only way you can really please
Sara is with your tongue.  Anyway, youve become well-adjusted to
mouth vacuuming her pussy after her other men have used her,
havent you?  Now youll just have to deal with the heavy loads
of spunk from her new bosses and co-workers and their clients,
which youve already done and didnt notice.  So to me, theres
no problem.  Dont be such a worrywart.
       And please, dont bring up past history about our sweet
daughter not being forthright with you about all the guys that
were doing her while you two were dating and engaged.  And yes,
she was feeding you a lot of their semen too.  But look, youve
found out she did you and her relationship a big favor by
training you to become a skilled pussy and cum sucker.  So you
need to get over what quibbles you have about sucking the spunk
of better men from your wifes popular pussy and move on to being
the best husband you can, under the circumstances.  You know you
two deeply love each other. This is what you have to do to keep
your new bride happy and contented.  And especially so, since
from your recent marital counseling sessions, youve learned that
your sucking her used drippy pussy is good for your marriage, as
well gives you an opportunity to please her in a way her real men
studs cant.  Right?
       I was obviously embarrassed by her words, but due to her
insistence, I was forced to answer my mother-in-law and confirm
she was correct. I could see from her face, she was very pleased
at my meek acceptance of my humiliation as I nodded my head up
and down.  She continued to talk.
       And my dear son-in-law, before you open your mouth,
please dont bring up again, or whine about Sara making you wear
a rubber when she does find time, or is in the mood to let you
have some.  We all know that she doesnt ask that of others she
puts out for.  And you know that its a quirk of hers for you to
have a latex sheath around your prick for coitus with her.  As
Ive repeatedly told you before, thats for you two love birds to
work out.  But I do see her point in holding back some of her
sexy charms.  That way, youll still have something to look
forward to in the future, and wont readily take her or your
marriage for granted.  Plus it cant help but keep your marriage
intriguing and fresh.
       I heeded my mom-in-laws warning and decided it was best
not to even attempt a response to her about this last subject
shed mentioned.  Sara and I were still discussing it in our
counseling therapy and I wasnt making much headway in changing
her mind about her insistence of not letting me enjoy her warm
wet juicy delectable pussy, raw and flesh to flesh, like she
permits with all her real men.  To make matters worse, Dr.
Judy, our counselor, made it clearly known, she thought my new
bride was well within her marital rights.  So it doesnt look
good for me on that front.  And the worse part, my new wife isnt
willing to commit to when she will permit me to having such
unencumbered delightful sex with her. In addition, she frequently
raves about what good head she gives her studs, but also claims
shes holding that off in the future for me too.  Hence, Im also
missing out on that exquisite pleasure.
       Both Dr. Judy and my new bride were also very adamant
about Sara having the right to expect me, her new husband, not to
treat her as a slut or a whore just because she lets other men do
so.
       Being hit over the head with such a statement, confused,
confounded and dumbfounded me.  I didnt have the mental
wherewithal to even reply.  I simply sat back, timid and silent.
       My mind snapped back from my thoughts as my mother-in-law
spoke again.
        Saras dad and I have always thought you were right for
our worldly daughter, since you are so unassuming and. Well I
dont want to sound mean or derogatory, and you know we think the
world of you as our new son-in-law, but of course the truth is
that you are a milksop. Its obvious that you are very adaptable
to changing situations so as to avoid confrontation or conflict,
even if it is at the expense of your self-esteem and manliness. 
Thats what endeared you to us, and is a strong point in your
relationship with Sara. Sure you were nave and green at first,
but now youre not.  So please dont worry Sylvester, youre
married now and know your role in your marriage, as well as your
husbandly obligations.  Were sure you can handle it very well.
       Even though I was rather upset at the somewhat dismissive
attitude of my mother-in-law, I still thanked her for having
faith that I would be a good husband.  It seemed simply
appropriate I do so, even if her words were tinged with derision
and sarcasm.
       However, it was very clear she didnt see this whole
matter in the same light as I did.  I could only mentally sigh as
I also hated to admit to myself that her somewhat eloquent
assessment of my personality traits were not totally inaccurate.
Her daughter, now my wife, had not hidden that my acquiescent
character was very  pleasing to her and made me perfect husband
material- her words- even though she craved dating and having
hot sex with good looking, aggressive, well-endowed men, while
me, her meek husband, stayed at home at nights and even on
weekends, while she goes out with many strange men.
       Sure my new bride sort of keeps me underfoot, so to speak,
but I just saw this as one of her quirks.  Who doesnt have their
idiosyncrasies?  Sara kept insisting I was a good catch, so I
couldnt help but be flattered when such a voluptuous girls says
that about a nerdy guy like me.
       And as her new husband, a guys ego cant help but be
boosted to know his wife is so jealous of him, she desires him to
stay home and not be exposed to predatory females who might take
advantage of me.  However, while I appreciate her desire to
protect me from such temptations, I am concerned about her
unending list of domestic chores that she always has for me when
she does go out socially with her other men friends.
	Even though I knew it would not elicit any sympathy for me, I
nevertheless continued to tell my wifes mom about what else
happened at the open house.
	 A-And if that wasnt bad enough, all of us husbands of company
concubines h-had to go through an orientation on the spot. 
D-During the orientation, we w-were given drinks, which turned
out to be sedatives.  W-When we awoke, w-we all were wearing one
of those electronic chastity belts.  They r-really arent belts
so to speak, but more like a cable that we wear around our waist
with waterproof encapsulated wires that surround our genitals. 
One can still bath and perform all normal body functions. 
However, any attempt at masturbation or sex a-and we get jolted
w-with an electric shock.  I-I couldnt believe they were so bold
to do s-such an outlandish thing. B-But I-I learned t-that Sara
had given her consent for them to do that to me.
	To my dismay, her mother was completely satisfied that my wife
was correct in doing what she did.  Just as I was leaving, my
father-in-law arrived.  I ended up having essentially the same
conversation with him, as well as the same feedback from him as I
got from his wife.  He simply told me Son, you knew when you
married Sara, she was too much woman for you.  And just as I told
you then, if you truly love her, its time you stop whining and
do whats required to be a good husband, no matter that itll
mean youll be a cuckold husband and a cunt sucking, cum eating,
pussy whipped, pantywaist wimp.  And as we all know, that
shouldnt be too difficult a role for you.
	After being soundly put in my place by my wifes parents, I
drove home in a defeated state of mind.  They obviously were not
sympathetic in any manner of supporting my attempt to get their
daughter to quit her new job, or get me out of my genital prison.
 It hurt, but I had to secretly admit that my wifes dad was
right about me being a wimp.
        I knew Sara had always been attracted to tall handsome
muscular men, even though she said that she was strongly
attracted to me because of my humble personality.  She said she
liked that I was a gentleman and not a skirt chaser or a cunt
hound.  She also was excited that I was a virgin too and seemed
intent on us getting married soon after she made her discovery.
	Sara persuaded me to agree with her Platonic dating of other
men before and during our engagement.  Shes so persuasive with
me.  Its like she has some sort of mind control over me.  And
since I was so smitten with her, she literally could do no wrong
in my eyes.  However, little did I suspect she was having wanton
unbridled having sex with all those men, and had plans to
continue her promiscuous activities throughout our marriage.
	And since I was a virgin, and my new bride to-be, wanted me to
come to our wedding night bed that way, there was no copulation
between us before marriage, just me sucking her tasty pussy and
me mating with my hand  usually as she watched and smiled at me
relieving my built up sexual tensions.  While I beat my meat, she
exhibited her very lovely tits and exposed her luscious inviting
pussy as masturbation aids to me.
	Since mother had me masturbating from the onset of my early teen
years -  her method to  regulate my sex drive, keep me from
getting girls pregnant, and also to keep me a virgin too.  It
didnt take much adjustment for me to have the beautiful Sara be
my masturbation monitor.
       Mother and Sara hit it off from their very first meeting,
because like Sara, mother thought it special that I marry as a
virgin.  Mother also supported Sara in her restricting me from
touching her ample and shapely breasts too.  They both thought
that was a treat better reserved for our wedding night too. I
didnt like this in the least, but I knew there was nothing I
could do about it.
       Plus, as you see, my mother was the boss in my house, so
what she said, was law.  Thats just the way it was.  Even though
Im over 21, I as well as my dad, are still too intimidated by
mom to oppose her on anything.
	To make matters worse, just as my mother-in-law had said, I was
nave and sexually inexperienced enough to not know that Sara had
been feeding me lots of cum cream pies.  I was clueless about
what I just assumed was the normal exotic, but good taste of her
always very wet, and very warm syrupy pussy. When I did find out
after we were wed, that Id been slurping up all the copious
ejaculate of the men fucking her, I was very sad and
disillusioned, not to mention very humiliated.
	Because Sara considered me a nice guy, that was humble, wise,
sensitive, and understanding of her needs, she made the
assumption I wouldnt mind be terribly upset at having been fed
all those countless cum cream hair pies or being her devoted
cuckold husband, since I was unpretentious and not as well hung
as her real men, but yet loved her so much.
	Mother said that fellows with small dicks would be pleased that
better men are giving their wives what they need darling.  My
new bride said to me in earnest.
	Well anyway, after continuing to discuss the status of our
relationship  since we were now man and wife - I had to accept,
and deal with the fact that my new bride was basically a slut.  I
also had to deal with the fact that I had been a slut sucker for
all those months before we were married.
	Cmon Sylvester darling, we all know that youve become very
acclimated to and like the taste of my hairy coochie, all warm
and gooey.  Just because you now know you cant fuck me as good
as my studs is no reason to throw away what we have.  And just
because Ill still be fucking other guys doesnt mean I love you
any less, honey.  And even though I was not open with you about
feeding you all that cum that was shot off in my hot cunt, surely
you cant let that stand in the way of the love we have for each
other and the time we have invested in each other in this
relationship.  And besides Sylvester, youre such a great pussy
sucker.  You provide such an indescribable thrill when you suck
other mens cum out of me.  I really need what you do for me. And
it has to mean something to you to know that youre the only one
I let suck my studs sperm out after Ive been fucked.
	Even though my new bride crushed my dignity by her abject
treatment of me, I had to admit she did make some positive points
about our relationship, as well as boosted my ego, even if in a
somewhat left handed manner.  Despite my emotional hurt and her
disparaging treatment of me, I was forced to admit that I was
finding it hard to just walk away from her.

CHAPTER 2: RELATIONSHIP COUNSELING
	To help us smooth over what my mother and Saras parents termed
small bumps in the road  to happiness in our new marriage, they
got us into relationship counseling.  And to my surprise, the
renowned Phantomville Relationships Counselor, Dr. Judy, sided
with my new wife in so many ways, and showed me just how naive 
and well ignorant - I really was about sex and marriage.  She
showed me that cuckold marriages were not only common, but a very
good arrangement for many couples who had the correct emotional
bonding traits for a loving relationship, but lacked the total
physical sexual compatibility.
	And Sylvester, its excellent that you find the taste of your
wifes fucked and well used pussy palatable.  And this is
reinforced by the fact that, as youve revealed in our sessions,
that on more than one occasion, youve involuntary ejaculated in
your underwear.  I turned beet red as Dr. Judy spoke to me in
one of the sessions where my wife was not present.
	Your wife is very attractive and you have to realize that so
called Alpha males will continually be after her.  Dr. Judy said
as she continued to talk.  And since she does enjoy the delight
of being pursued by them and, er, I guess the best way to say it
is, putting out for them too. Not only do you have to accept and
see this as a normal routine in your marriage, you also must be
comfortable that her having sex with other men, will have
priority over your sexual needs in the marriage.
       Dr. Judy also  drove home the point that I should not only
be proud that my wife attracts and gets frequently fucked by
well-endowed handsome, brawny men, but that I should feel
boastful that I have the good fortune to be her husband and suck
such a highly sought after snatch.
	Sara and I were well into our counseling when Sara got her new
job as a Company concubine.  Per Dr. Judys advice  as well as
advice from mother and Saras parents  I had capitulated and
accepted my proper role as a cunt and cum sucking cuckold
husband. It seems my acquiescence to being a willing cuckold was
just in time, as my new bride was opening the door for me to
enter an even greater degree of cuckoldry and subjugation.
       As I had been told, I did find it relatively easy to adapt
to my lesser subordinate role in the marriage.  I was eating my
wifes pussy an awful lot, and consuming a lot of her many
different studs sperm.  While at the time, masturbation was my
primary means of sexual ejaculatory relief.  And due to her
prioritizing her sexual activities with other men, over me, her
husband, I suffered immensely.  My new bride was often too tired
for me, or simply not in the mood to put out for me.
       She would listen to my earnest pleas for intercourse with
her, but despite that she always found time to guide put my head
in her sloppy, sperm soggy, slimy, bushy crotch, to suck out
other mens gloppy leavings, she was superb at coming up with
different excuses why she would have to put me off from getting a
chance to put my pecker in her widely fucked twat.
       The other thing that got to me was that our Relationship
Counselor, Dr. Judy insisted that I agree that my new bride
should determine when I needed sexual intercourse, and well
sexual relief in general.  And that I shouldnt be pestering her
about needing to get off, but let her make that decision for me.
This was very difficult for me to accept.  That was before the
Company put my balls under lock and key as the husband of a
Company concubine.  Now my wife has almost total control of my
sexual relief and I have no say in the matter.
       I say almost total control, but many times, when Im
giving her head on her very messy and frothy cum filled cunt, I
come in my shorts.  The cock lock device permits this without a
punishing jolt.  Thank goodness for that.
       As time went by, I came to see from the expressions on my
new brides  face, and smiles that she gave me  which were
blended with smirking - that she was enjoying my torment and
misery of having prolonged blue balls and an aching, pussy hungry
prick.  Sure she let me pull myself off every couple of weeks or
so  the same as mother.  But many times my new wife would
stretch those couple of week to as long as 3 months if she
thought the abstinence helped my cuckold behavior.  And there was
nothing I could do, as both Saras parents, as well as my mother,
looked upon Sara as the head of our household, and that type
decision to be well within her authority.  Therefore, all I could
do was suffer in silence.
       But thanks to Dr. Judys guidance, she got me to
understand that despite their deep love for their cuckold
husbands, wives still had strong desires to emotionally torture
us husband because of a natural uncontrollable pleasure they get
from doing so.  Dr. Judys advice was for me adjust and be in
sync with my wifes program and desires, and things would work
out fine.
       Sylvester, yes, youll suffer, but itll be because itll
be good for you to undergo such experiences because your wife
will see that while you are not as strong in the same ways as her
real men, shell come to see and respect the magnitude of your
submissive strengths too, the more you suffer for her. Dr. Judy
said to me with the air of a wise seer.
       I have recalled her words many, many times as a way of
trying to mentally assuage the burning ache in my stiff, sex
hungry prick.
	Dr. Judy had complimented me at the comfort level I had reached
slurping out the copious deposits of spent sperm my wifes very
manly studs left in her soupy drippy hairy snatch.   However, I
was still a bit ashamed that I had to concede that I was a lesser
man than the men that my wife admired physically.  So as with my
cuckold status, my shame level also rose to a new heights, after
my wife took me to the Company open house to meet her
well-endowed bosses and many well hung male co-workers, that
frequently fuck her.
	Dr. Judy continued to help me with my inferiority complex and
stressed how natural it was for me to not only feel inferior, but
to accept it and be contented with that state of mind as a lesser
male.
       She stressed to me how important it was for me to not
stress out over superior Alpha males taking care of my wifes
intercourse needs and that it was better for me to be comfortable
on the sideline and fulfilling my husbandly role as her
supportive soul mate and pussy maid.  This last term seemed
appropriate since one of my duties involved helping my wife
maintain the well-manicured condition of her pretty, well shaped
and trimmed pussy bush.
       It was a humiliation that I got use to, but in preparation
for her many dates, she always had me give her seductive snatch a
touch up trim, and always a kiss before she went out and let one
of her many studs use and enjoy it in ways I could only dream of.

CHAPTER 3: MORE COMPANY BUSINESS
	I later learned that there were to be several continuing
sessions of orientations by the Company for us husbands of
Company concubines.   Failure to attend or be punctual could
result in severe jolts to our genitals, as the chastity belts we
all wore were also controlled by the Company as well.  Hence, our
cock and balls were prisoners to our wives as well as the
Company, since both had those password coded cell phone remotes
that could reach out and shock us almost anywhere.
	Dr. Judy revealed to me that she worked closely with the Company
in developing the course material for the orientation training of
us husbands of Company Concubines.
	Having come to the conclusion that it was useless to resist what
was being imposed on me, I settled down and began to accept and
absorb all the teaching, training, and instructions we were being
given.  While I at first thought that a lot of what was being
taught was outrageous, disgusting, and downright sordid, I
eventually came to see the sound logic, and sensibleness of our
intense cuckold education.  I noticed that like me, the other
husbands also soon came around to seeing the light and that we
should be thankful for being married to women that were sought
out to be fucked by better men than us, and that we husbands
should be so proud of them that they were in essence the sluts
and whores for such men.
	Once all we husbands had become wiser about cuckoldry, it seemed
so much easier to accept that we would have to accept denial of
being able to copulate with our wives for long periods of time 
and whenever we would have the opportunity, it was to be always
with a condom.
	It would still be required of us to be totally faithful to our
concubine wives, so we could not seek out other women for sex. 
Instead we came to see the appropriateness of supervised
masturbation for us husbands, by either our wives or a company
female representative.
	After my education as to how fortunate was to be married to a
Company concubine, I came to the conclusion that I was fortunate
that her company even permits her to let me suck her cum filled
and frequently fucked soggy cunt when she comes in from her work
day, and also when she returns from special weekend and other out
of town assignments shes sent on.
	The Company provided courses for us husbands on cock sucking
(Basic & Enhanced); pussy sucking (Basic & Enhanced); and Skills
Of Being A Male Cunt, and Techniques For Enjoying Passive
Intercourse As A Male Bitch.  In addition, the course on
Masochism training was much more enjoyable than I envisioned,
even though there was a lot of psychological intimidation, abuse
and physical pain from whippings.
	The Masochism training was so enlightening and got me and other
husbands to understand just how inadequate we were and how
worthless we were at being real men.  Through a series of therapy
sessions with psychologists and hypnotist therapists, Im so
delighted now that I know that my proper role in my marriage is
one of total obedience and service to my wife.  I am now so proud
to be an enslaved and subjugated cuckold husband, with no rights
in my marriage, except to be obedient to my wife without
question.  This has resulted in total harmony in our marriage.
	The Masochism training taught that communication is the hall
mark of any good marriage. When my wife talks, I listen intently.
 When she tells me to do something, I do it without question. 
And when she determines I deserve any punishment, especially her
whipping me with an electrical cord or one of her favorite skinny
canes or short crop whips, I accept that its proper because she
says so, and therefore my only obligation is to accept my
punishment to atone for my misdeeds.
	The Masochism training also taught us that the more demands and
constraints our wives place upon, the more obvious is their love
and affection for us.  I know my wife loves me because she even
requires me to ask her permission to go to the bathroom.  Even
when shes at work, I have to call or text her for permission. 
If shes unreachable, I have to wait for her text reply or call.
	The sex training really came in handy as we husbands found that
many of the executives who fucked our wives found great fun and
pleasure in having their husbands occasionally suck the
executives horny dicks.  This was especially true of those
executives who sired children with our wives, which all us
cuckold husbands were required to accept as our own. Many of the
Company executives extensively fucked us cuckold husbands in our
mouths and asses, when our wives were pregnant or were sexually
unavailable for some reason.
       Im not gay, and to this day,  I still dont know why I
grew so fond of sucking the dicks, as well as getting shagged by
all those well-endowed company executives  and sometimes their
friends too.  I think it was the Company training that I took. 
Anyhow, now after all these years of marriage and my wife having
had several company babies,  Im happy to say that Ive
repeatedly  sucked off and gotten wonderfully fucked by all the
executives who sired children for my family, as well as many,
many executives who did not knock up my wife.  Many of them just
thought I had pretty lips and a girlie looking ass.  Their
compliments and praise pleased both me and my wife.
       The Company training also taught us to see it as a very
prideful thing if our wives had babies that didnt resemble us
husbands in the least.  For that meant we had the greatest love
for our wives and that we just didnt say we were truly in love,
but were actually demonstrating it as we raised the babies put in
our wives by better stronger, more virile men.
       Sara and I are both are dark haired Caucasians, but two of
our kids, Im proud to say, are red headed and Hispanic
respectively.  One set of twins have Nordic hair and facial
features, and the other set are clearly of Black ethinicity. So,
Im very proud to say, that there is no doubt that I can boast
that I have the living walking proof to show the depth of my love
for the woman I married.
	The Company training courses also taught us cuckold husbands
that suffering sexually so that our wives could be fuck toys,
sluts and whores for the Company was something that we should be
very proud of and excited about.  It also taught us to be
satisfied with the controlled masturbation schedules that were
set up for our routine and usual sexual relief, and not be
offended at having to experience long abstinences of not having
sexual intercourse with our wives, but at the same time, delight
in sucking out the cum from their cunts of the many men that
fucked them.  In reference to child rearing of babies that
Company concubine wives occasionally (really more like
frequently) have from men other than their husband  (since
abortions are not allowed), cuckold husband have to be prepared
to accept and raise these children as their own legal, flesh and
blood.
	The orientations, repeated indoctrination, and expert training
by the Company for us husband of Company Concubines, has really
been beneficial for me.  I feel great pride being the spouse of a
Company wife whose pussy has hundreds of strange dicks in it
every year, while I may not get to fuck her a single time during
a year.  And when I do get a chance to put it in, its mandatory
I wear a condom.  Im so pleased to say that I have yet to have
sex with my wife without wearing a rubber and have yet to
experience raw, flesh to flesh sex with her, even though all the
other men she fucks enjoy her in that very pleasurable, warm wet
delightful manner.  This use to bother me greatly that I had to
wear a condom.  But now I feel so much different about that whole
subject after the Company orientation courses.
       As the Company has trained me, I relish being my wifes
mouth douche when she returns home reeking of strong sex and
dripping of other mens sperm.  I proudly boast that I often
involuntary ejaculate in my shorts from sucking other mens jism
from my wifes very slimy and sloppy snatch.
	After the second baby my company concubine wife delivered, the
Company was nice enough to give my wife such a boost in salary so
that I could be a stay at home house spouse.  I never saw any of
the money since my wife controls all the household finances.  I
do however get a $25 a week personal allowance, but must account
for every penny each week, before I get my next allowance amount.
	To enhance my experience as a stay at home subjugated spouse,
another feature has been added to my electronic chastity belt. 
Its the same feature as the electronic device that keeps pets in
the confines of their own yards.  I cant leave the confines of
my house unless my wifes or the Companys signals permission for
me to do so.
EPILOGUE:
       Well, here it is 15 years later, and we have a family of 8
wonderful children from my concubine wifes six different
pregnancies over our marriage.  Im a doting and caring daddy,
and proud to say that they are all Company babies and that I am
not the biological father of any of our children.  Not only does
each of them strongly favor their respective real fathers, my
wife derived first names of each child after the men that sired
them.
### END ###
Comments: ccwriter@hotmail.com

