Kelly's New Beginning
bySashamy©

It was a sunny summer afternoon and Kelly was sitting around the house bored while her husband was off taking care of some work related errors. They had been planning to go out to dinner and dancing tonight, something they had not done in a long time. As Kelly pondered what she was going to wear tonight she realized she really didn't have a thing in the closet she wanted to wear tonight. Looking through the pile of shoes on the closet floor she decided a trip to the mall was in order. 

Kelly pulled out a white blouse and a blue jumper dress that buttoned up the front that she pulled up over her cotton white panties and heavy bra that controlled the movement of her breasts, and she wore a plain pair of black flats. Kelly was a bit on the shy side and didn't flaunt her 32D chest that stood out on her petite not quite 5' 1" frame. Her bust line had always seemed to draw the attention of the guy since her early teens, attention she never wanted. Now, at a very youthful looking, 31 years old and still very attractive. So she wore clothes that generally hid her assets to avoid drawing attention. 

It was a short trip to the mall in town and as she parked and was walking across the parking garage she was intercepted by the college age son of one of her lady friends from church, Alex. He chatted with her for a bit talking about school and the last cricket game she had attended. He asked what brought her to the mall today and she told him she was going out tonight and needed a new dress and shoes. Then several other young men, with one butch looking girl approached Kelly and Alex. 

The group turns out to be friends of Alex, all from the local community college and they began asking Alex who his new girlfriend was, to which Kelly said she was a friend of his mothers and not his girlfriend. One of the boys made a comment about her set of knockers, which immediately caused her to turn red with embarrassment. Then one of the boys pulls out a camera and said how about a picture of you and your new girlfriend Alex, Alex immediately move next to Kelly putting his arm around her shoulders and said "on three." 

As he said three Alex turned and kissed Kelly on the lips and placed his hand over her breast as his buddy snapped the picture. Kelly started to protest his actions and demanded the camera at once. At which the group of seven teens laughed at her. One of them said to her, "bet you hubby would like a copy of that wouldn't he?" 

To which she responded, "No! Please don't do that, let me pay you for the camera; just give it to me please" she begged. 

No, I think we need a few more pictures. To which she protested, and several of the boys moved behind her, wrapping her arms around their waists so she couldn't move away. One boy stood behind her and cupped both her breasts through her jumped and blouse as another picture was taken. "Stop this or I will scream," they laughed, "scream if you wish, we will be gone and we will make copies to post around your home and the church and maybe mail a few to your husbands work. We might even leave with your purse and these old lady clothes you are wearing today." 

This stopped her demands. "How about another picture," asked the boy who was cupping her breasts, as he reached around and began lifting the long dress exposing Kelly short but pretty legs. 

"Stop this please," she begged. Finally he stopped just as her cotton panties came into view. Click, the camera snapped again. 

"I can't believe she is wearing those, my grandmother wears those." Alex then moved into the frame and looked down at Kelly and said "we are going to go shopping with you today and find you some proper clothes." 

Then he grabbed the waist band of her knickers and slid them down her legs exposing her untrimmed bush to the approval of all the teens. "Lift your legs," he told her. She didn't move, "lift your legs or we will lift them for you." 

She stepped out of her panties as Alex picked them up. He balled them up and tossed them over a few cars onto the ground. Holding her dress up he told the boy "yo, snap another picture." He did of course. 

Alex then said "Let's go shopping," and the eight of them wear off as they held hands with Kelly leading her toward the mall entrance. 

After entering the mall, one of the boys suggested undoing a few of the buttons to allow a bit more of Kelly's pretty legs to show, she told them "please don't, I never..." to which one of the boys stopped her protests and flipped open a knife and cut away four buttons on her dress dropping them to the ground. 

He stood up in front of her and told her "don't argue with us, each time you do I'll cut off more buttons and maybe even other garments." 

As they started moving again her dress was opening and closing up past her knees to well past mid-thigh. As they headed toward the food court, a Security Guard was coming toward them. The boy that had been taking the pictures whispered into her ear, "don't think about it or the pictures will be everywhere," she just smiled at the guard as they passed him, not wanting the pictures distributed to her friends. 

Kelly then told them she needed to use the rest room. "Fine," said Alex as they went down the hall as she started to enter the ladies room, Alex said, "Oh no, come with us in here," she was lead them into the men's room. She went into a stall to relieve herself; as soon as she set her purse down one of the boys took it from under the divider. 

She demanded they give it back, to which they said "do your business in there, we are waiting for you." As soon as she started to pee the door was pushed open and another picture was snapped. 

"Please stop," she begged. 

"We have only just begun," said Alex. She was given no privacy as she finish and wiped herself dry. 

As she exited the stall, Alex told her to take off her blouse, "I will not!" protested Kelly. The boy with the knife stepped forward and cut off another button, it made a "ting" noise as it hit the floor, leaving only five more buttons and now leaving Kelly jumper open to her crotch. 

"I bet I could cut it off," said the boy. "No!" said Kelly, "I'll do as you ask." 

She went to turn away into the stall and they stopped her. "Off with it now!" she was told. She unbuttoned the jumper leaving one button holding her jumper on her body. She dropping the straps to allow the blouse to slid off her shoulders revealing her over flowing bra to the boys. 

"Lordy!" gasped one of the younger boys... "Look at those..." Kelly started to slide the straps back up when the young boy stepped forward. "Sorry lady but I have got to see those titties of yours." She crossed her arms over her chest to hide her breasts and humiliation. 

"Lady, do you want to lose the whole dress before we have even started shopping yet?" asked another boy. She lowered her arms as the young boy reached between her cleavages and released the snap causing her breast to lunge forward spilling completely from the bra. 

Her pink areolas were almost the size of half dollars with little pointy nipples. The young boy continued to expose her by sliding the straps off her shoulders. Kelly just stood there with her head down as the boys admired her perfect breasts. And then she gasped as the boy began to suck on her nipple, she wanted to stop him but didn't dare risk objecting. 

She wanted him to stop but the feeling of enjoyment and pleasure began to wash over her. As she raised her hand up and held the boys head, he slipped his hand between the openings of the dress and began fingering her moist slit. She wanted to protest again but the feelings and humiliation were over whelming. Slipping one, then two fingers, deep inside her causing her to gasp in pleasure. Kelly heard the camera clicking again, but she didn't care. 

Then Alex pulled the boy away and told Kelly to put her dress back on we have shopping to do. She started to reach for the bra and was stopped by Alex, "I said the dress," as he kicked the bra into the next stall and pulled the blouse from her hand. Understanding what he meant she pulled the straps of the dress up. The straps covered her breasts for the most part, but due to their size a lot of cleavage showed from the center and the sides to the enjoyment of the boys. 

Leaving the restroom Kelly felt totally humiliated, never before being without a bra in public and never this exposed. She was revealing so much of the breasts she had always tried to conceal. As she walked the opening of the dress occasionally exposed her bush to anyone paying attention. 

They stopped at a few ladies shops shopping for dresses, as Alex and Deb, the butch girl, looked about, the boys took turns groping and fingering Kelly as she tried to hide their actions by standing next to clothing racks. Kelly was beginning to enjoy the attention these young boys were paying to her body. 

"Let's stop here" said Alex "we need proper undies for tonight I think." Alex walked around with the boys escorting Kelly. He picked out a tiny black thong and lacy bra set. "Here go put these on, Deb go with her, and then bring her back out here to show us." A young girl attendant showed them to a room, she smiled at the boys when she returned. The two girls went into one of the dressing rooms and in just a minute the door opened and out stepped Kelly. Her breasts again spilling over almost too big, but fitting inside the bra. 

Her bush was showing, as the thong was not meant to be worn without a shaved pussy. "Wait," said the boy with the camera as he clicked off two more pictures. 

"That will do, go get dressed," commanded Alex. When the girls returned Kelly was wearing the thong and bra still, "oh im sorry, but I didn't give you permission, takes those off. We have to pay for them." As they turned to go to the room Alex stopped her and said "do it here." 

She reached under the dress and slid the thong down, then slid the bra straps down and reached behind her back to release the bra and pulling it out of her dress. Alex told her to go pay for them as the boy holding her purse gave it back to her so she could pay. 

After paying for the set Alex took the purse and bag from Kelly. He gave the bag to Deb to carry and gave her purse back to the other boy to carry. "Let's stop at the drug store," said Alex. He lead them to where the shaving cream and razors were, pick out a bag of disposables and a can of cream and grabbed a pair of scissors on the way to the checkout counter. Kelly was given her purse again long enough to pay for the items and they moved on. They headed back in the direction they had just come from and Kelly knew where they were going. Then turned down the hall toward the rest rooms again. 

As they entered the men's room again, Alex told Kelly "strip off the dress we got to fix something." 

"I will not!" Kelly replied, and before realizing what she had done. She heard the knife click open she knew what was next. 

The boy stepped forward, as one of the other boys said "let's start at the top this time." He reached up and sliced off another button exposing a bit more of Kelly ample cleavage. "Now strip off or lose another one." She released the last four buttons and let the dress drop to the floor. 

"Now sit on the counter and spread your legs missy," demanded Alex. She slowly climbed up on the long counter and laid back as Alex turned on the hot water. "Spreadum!" Alex directed her. Humiliated; Kelly spread her legs as Alex began clipping away her bush with the scissors. With a good bit of her bush now lying in the sink, on the floor and on the counter, Alex started to massage the warm water into her short bush. Two of the boys stepped forward and began pinching Kelly harding nipples. 

Alex then lathered up Kelly's crotch and began removing the hair from her most private area. The other boys were now sucking on Kelly's nipples massaging her large tits as Alex continued to remove her hair not missing a single one leaving her as bald as the day she was born. Kelly was beginning to whimper as the boys sucked her nipples as Alex was now massaging Kelly's clit. Click, click went the camera again, but again Kelly was enjoying herself to much to care. 

And then to every one's surprise, especially Kelly's she arched her back as she experienced a massive orgasm, one like she had never experienced before in her life. She lay on the counter shaking now holding Alex's hand still in her pussy. 

When Kelly finally finished Alex told her to dry off and get her dress back on we have more shopping to do. She staggered to her feet her legs were still shaking. Alex tossed all the razors and cream in the trash as they headed out the door. 

They stopped at the food court and got Kelly to buy them all drinks. As they sat at a table Alex told Kelly to open her legs and show those boys over there your bald pussy. To which Kelly asked he not make her. She heard the click of the knife and lost another button. Bring the edge of her dress almost to her nipples. 

Kelly looked down afraid to breath. Spread them he told her. She slowly spread her legs as Deb and another boy moved the sides of her dress to the sides. Exposing Kelly up to her waist to anyone who happened to look their way. The boy reached over and began rubbing Kelly's clit again; she tried to fight the feeling but slowly opened her legs farther allowing him better access. As she neared another orgasm, Alex broke it up and said "let's move on." 

Alex led them to an expensive dress store in the West Wing of the Mall. He walked around a bit until he found a short black semi sheer cocktail dress. He carried it over to Deb and told her to go and help Kelly into this and then have her model it for us. Deb and Kelly went across the store to the dressing rooms and returned a few minutes later. 

As Kelly approached the boys, it was very apparent she was wearing nothing under the dress and that she was clean shaven as well. The dress hid nothing, "good thing we got you some undies for tonight," said one of the boys. Alex pulled the tag off the dress and told Kelly to go pay for it. A few of the boys went with her. Kelly was beginning to not cover up as much, as other people in the store watched her as she moved about. She was almost beginning to enjoy the attention. 

After she paid, Kelly started to go back toward the dressing room and Alex said "no come on slut, we are leaving, you don't need that dress anymore." As Kelly walked her large breast moved freely under the thin material causing her nipples to harden and poke out through the thin material. 

"I think we need another dress," said Deb. This one is for tonight and she might get this one dirty. Alex agreed as they entered Hot Topic, a store that carried the club wear type clothes. 

A young guy with a spike haircut and several piercing about his face ask if he could help them and then locked his eyes on Kelly's breast. Deb said "no, I see what we want," as she headed to the back of the store as everyone followed her. She picked out a small tube dress from a rack. "Here try this on," requested Deb. 

"Oh we have no dressing room," the guy said as he still had not taken his eyes off Kelly. 

"That's alright," said Alex, "Kelly, take that dress off", 

"Right here?" asked Kelly. 

"I said take it off." Deb unzipped her as she slowly stripped off the dress standing totally naked in the store. She quickly pulled the dress on, but her breast we too large for the tiny dress. 

Deb then picked out a short black skirt for Kelly to put on. Kelly pulled off the tube dress and pulled the skirt up. It was one of those hippy skirts what hung low on her hips showing the dimples on her back above her crack and barely covering her ass cheers. Deb then handed her a gauze cropped top that tied in the front, the kind meant to be worn over a bra or something similar. Kelly put it on; it hardly contained her breasts once tied. 

Her cleavage was completely exposed and her nipples showed even more through the thinner material. Alex pull the tags off and told the boy we will take them, handing the tags to the guy. He said "thats ok, those are on me!" As he watched them leaving Kelly's ass cheeks began peeking out from under the skirt. Kelly now was dress as a perfect slut, actually enjoying the looks she was getting from all the men. The boys continued to fondle her ass and breasts as they moved about the mall. 

Kelly then told Alex she really needed to get home soon as it was getting late. Alex said "in a little bit we are not done yet." But let's head to the parking garage. Walking through the mall Kelly kept pulling her skirt down as it kept riding up letting her cheeks peek out. Alex finally told her to stop it unless he told her to fix it. 

By the time they got to the door the skirt was up so high her pussy lips were visible to anyone walking towards them and her ass cheeks were on display almost completely. As they approached Kelly's car, Alex asked Kelly for her keys. Alex opened the trunk, and told the guys to put her new things in the trunk. Alex slid off her house key and ignition key and tossed the rest of the keys in the trunk and closed it. "Come on lets go show you off a bit more first." 

They headed to a game room back in the mall, Alex said, "lets play some games." One of the boys suggested the motor cross bike for Kelly to try. "Ok," said Alex, as Kelly sat down, having to spread her legs to get on, her skirt went almost to her waist. Deb asked if she could ride too and sat down behind her. 

As the game started, Deb reached around and started massaging Kelly breasts and pinching her nipples. Deb moved her hands inside Kelly's thin top stretching the material allowing her tits to spill out. Kelly closed her eyes not even watching the screen. Deb then moved a hand down between her legs and began flicking her clit. Kelly leaned back giving Deb better access as she began humping Deb's hand. Before long Kelly collapsed backwards onto Deb having another orgasm. 

Kelly caught her breath and told Alex "I really have to go, it is getting late and my husband will be home soon." Thanks to debs hands stretching out the top, when she stood up her breasts refused to stay in her top. 

"Lets go," said Alex as they headed toward the parking garage. Kelly kept trying to keep her tits covered but it was no use, her nipples kept coming out of the thin top begging to be seen. 

Her skirt had ridden up again too, at least one of the boys was rubbed her ass the whole time. Alex stopped checking a service door, it was unlocked. "Come on in here," everyone followed Alex down the hall and around a corner, as they walked Kelly's skirt was pulled up around the waist totally exposing her ass and pussy. Alex stopped and said "it was now time for you pay us for our help today." 

Kelly looked confused at Alex. Alex pushed Kelly up against the wall and began kissing her hard, probing her mouth with his tongue. She responded, rubbing his ass with her hands. Alex reached up and ripped the shirt off of Kelly tossing it to the ground as he grabbing her breasts. He then told her to get on her knees. Kelly knew what he wanted as she dropped down unzipping his pants, quickly taking Alex's hard member into her mouth. As Kelly sucked Alex, Deb got on her knees as well and started kissing Kelly's breasts, and rubbing her bald pussy. Alex began to grown and released his cum all over Kelly's face. 

As he stepped away Kelly was turned around and made to get on her hands and knees, as the boys raced to place their dicks in Kelly's mouth and pussy. One after another they had a turn with her, and somewhere in the frenzy Kelly tiny skirt was ripped away as well. A few of the boys came back for seconds, totally servicing Kelly and she them. Alex waited until all the boys were done with her then her told her to turn over. 


He told Deb to take off her shorts and sit on Kelly face that she deserved service too. Deb quickly stripped off her short and eased down on to Kelly's waiting tongue. Alex then grabbed Kelly ankles and rolled her up wiping his dick in the spent cum and began rubbing her asshole, he slowly began entering Kelly, she protested a little but Deb just increased the pressure of her pussy on Kelly face. Soon Alex was pumping Kelly's ass until he came again filling her ass with his hot liquid. 

Kelly just laid there covered in sweat, cum and Debs drippings running down her cheeks. Alex grabbed Kelly hand and placed her two keys in her palm and told her if she went to the door at the end of the hall it opened into the parking garage. We will be in touch to do this again and they left her naked and spent in the hall way. 

After what seemed like forever Kelly managed to get up and get her bearings. Kelly picked up what was left of her clothes; the skirt was ripped in half and was of no use. As for the shirt it was in shreds and of no more use than the skirt. She walked slowly to the end of the hall trying to wipe some of the globs of cum off her thighs and face, her legs trembling. Slowly she opened the door and looked out into the garage. She saw her car on the other side of the parking garage. 

She slowly slipped out door and headed toward her car. Ducking behind cars as she went, in case someone came along. About half way there she heard someone call out, hay lady, where's your clothes. Kelly broke into a run, her breasts bouncing uncontrollably until she reached her car. Her hands shaking, she managed to unlock the door and slid into the seat. As she sat there trying to catch her breath, she looked up to see several faces staring into her car at her naked body. 

She trembled trying to get her key into the ignition. Finally she cranked the car and headed home, the drive seemed to take forever due to her nakedness. Then she realized she liked the guys in the garage looking down at her, not able to touch her, her body on display, it wasn't that bad, actually a little exciting she giggled to herself. 

Arriving at her house, she looked about and seeing no one she made a dash to her door from the car parked on the curb where she always parked having the older car. Shaking she unlocked the door and slipped inside to go get ready for her night out with her husband, knowing he would be home very shortly.


