*

General Landry is behind his desk, reviewing the hastily compiled file on Vala Mal Doran. It includes information gleaned from Ba'al, the previous reports from Daniel Jackson, and notes that Landry himself has scribbled down in the margins from their meeting the day before.

He has no idea what to make of this woman but right now he's more concerned with making sure she's being honest about her intentions when breaking in than anything else. The last thing they need is an Ori planet in their base, or a cohort of Ba'als scheming with him.

He looks up when she walks in, and gestures to the seat in front of him.

Vala smiles as innocently as she is capable and slides into the chair opposite the general. She crosses her legs and tries to seem as nonthreatening and like that woman she's seen on tv as possible.

"Thank you for seeing me, monsieur."

His lip twitches as he tries not to laugh at her. "You know, I almost flunked French in college," he says, keeping his voice dry, hiding his amusement.

".... oh?" Vala pauses and cocks her head to the side, eyeing Landry. She's obviously said something wrong but she isn't sure exactly which bit it is. "That is... quite inconvenient."

"Okay, listen. I don't think you want to be sitting there any more than I want to be sitting here. So, I'll make you a deal. You undergo a full search by my team to make sure you aren't smuggling anything out, and we'll let you walk through that gate right now."

Vala thought about that offer and then shook her head. "No, I don't think that deal will work." She re-situates herself, moving her chair up closer to his desk so she could deal with him.

"Here is what I was thinking." She scoots towards the end of the chair and looks Landry in the eye. "You've got a loose canon running around your base. I don't know what kind of safeguards you think you've put in place but I can assure you there is no way you have thought for every eventuality. At some point, Ba'al will defeat you. So here is the deal. I stay here with you guys, keep an eye on him and get to... do whatever it is you guys do here that is so fun."

"You know, I'm not so sure that given the history on you Ba'al gave to us, that we really need you and Ba'al having time to... reacquaint." Landry hopes that she won't ask him to explain that further, because it's not a thought he wants to linger on.

Vala's eyes narrowed slightly as she looked over at Landry. "What exactly did Ba'al tell you?"

"That you were a liar, a cheat, a double crosser, that you stole at least half a dozen of his fleets from him, that you're willing to go to any length to get what you want... that there's no way the only reason you were on earth was just to hide out and that we shouldn't trust you any farther than we can throw you, and maybe not even that far," Landry finishes with a flourishing gesture of the paper in his hand. "Of course, all of those things can be said about Ba'al himself."

Vala snorts. "He's one to talk. At least I don't have a Gou'ald inside me anymore. Everything he does is for the sake of power and taking back his status as a god. My aims are much smaller. I want to keep from being killed; I want a place to stay and a place to eat and I like having some people nearby that I like and admittedly I like shiny objects as well but what I may like pales to what he does. I am not the same creature that Ba'al knew. Can't say the same about him."

"I'll take you at your word on that... but all the same, and I mean no offense by this, but unless you have something substantial to offer us in return, I'd rather not have you in my hair." Landry's voice is firm.

"Something to offer other than information on the ticking time bomb in your midst? Well." Vala leans back in her chair and regards the general slowly. "How willing is Ba'al to offer information on Gou'ald technology?"

General Landry leans forward, arms crossed over the desk. This is definitely more what he had in mind. "He's sometimes forgetful. His favorite 'game' is to give us one part of the puzzle but leave us scrambling for the rest."

"I'm sure." Vala grins slowly. "He likes to think he's the smartest one around, it makes him feel better about himself." Vala folds her arms on the desk and leans in further, getting closer to Landry. "But lets be honest, he was not the brains behind any operation." She gives Landry a smile and begins to sit back.

"Besides, there may be a few... things Que'tesh stole that I have kept in case of a rainy day."

"All right, so what are your terms, then?" Landry is wise enough to know that she can't just be offering information in exchange for nothing.

"I want to stay here on base," She starts; anything has to be bigger than her place attached to the back of Sols. "I want to be able to go and visit my friends without strict supervision and I want to be on, what was it... oh yeah, SG1." She nods decisively. "If I could be a brigadier too that would be useful."

"Yes, no, no, and no," Landry says. "You can stay on base, on a trial period. You cannot leave the base without supervision and my approval. SG-1 can utilize you as they see fit, with my approval. And you do not have a rank."

Vala frowns and wrinkles her nose. "Can I have access to the technology and reports that you have on base?" She asks, looking at Landry skeptically. "I mean, I need to know what it is you already have and what Ba'al has told you, misinformation or not."

"With supervision," Landry says. "And it will be limited access. You should also be aware that IOA officials will probably also want to meet with you."

"The who?" She has no idea who that is. "And, supervised by who, exactly?" Vala is making sure that before she gets into any deal with the Taur'i, that she has her own, and Cam's, interests covered. Whether he wants his interests covered or not.

"The IOA. That's our International Oversight Advisory. They keep us running, so we tend to work with them as best we can," Landry explains. "And that includes allowing them access to any temporary guests. You will be supervised by someone that I assign."

She huffs and slumps back in her seat. "You don't do negotiating very well." She scrunches her nose and finally thrusts her hand out to Landry.

"That's because this isn't a negotiation, Miss Mal Doran." Landry does smile now, and offers his hand to her. "Just don't make me regret it."

Vala smiles at the general, shaking his hand hard up and down. She's quite pleased that she gets to stay, work with Cam and she was able to keep the whereabouts of her ship a secret. She'll worry about getting to her ship later.

She has no plans of escape, but there is enough modified specifications to her cargo ship that she's unwilling to lose it.

"Very well than general. Do I get new quarters then? Perhaps without all the company? Or perhaps I can just fine my own." She bounces up to go and find Cameron, wanting to finish their talk and to tell him what she and the general have talked about.

Vala sighs at the door. She dislikes the amount of rules the general, and the SGC, seem to put on everything. "Can I at least go and find Colonel Cameron then?"

General Landry thinks over it for a moment and then shrugs. "If 'Colonel Cameron' wants to see you, then be my guest..."

She narrows her eyes again at general Landry. "Why do you say that, gen?"

"Oh, far be it from me to be presumptuous, but you seem like a handful, Miss Mal Doran. But right now? The less I know about that, the better. Do you understand?"

He meets her gaze head on.

Vala smiles slowly. "Ah, I gotcha." She gives Landry an exaggerated wink. "Aye, aye, gen," she says, saluting him.

*

True to his word, within an hour General Landry has Vala moved to non-secured quarters. Cam hears first about it like everyone else (base gossip) but shortly after he gets an email from General Landry informing him of the latest information, and that Vala has requested to be a liaison with SG-1.

He realizes that all of this means one thing in particular; Vala's staying. He's not sure if he should be upset or happy about that.

He hasn't eaten all day and he's not sure that getting Vala food would have been top priority so he grabs a couple of to go plates from the commissary before heading to her new digs.

Vala surveys her room. It is underground base grey and drab and she's not really happy with the color decor. She looks it over, mentally planning things from her own current place to bring in to make it a bit more home like.

Like a new paint job.

There is a knock on the door, so Vala knows it can't be any of the officers that have been and out to see her, they never knock. "Hullo? Come in!" She calls out.

"Hey, you busy?" Cam asks, standing awkwardly in her doorway holding two containers of food.

"Just redecorating," Vala replies, looking over her shoulder to grin at him. "Or well, working to come up with what I need to redecorate. Are all the rooms this boring color of grey? Its so depressing, how do you not want to repaint? Anyways, Cam, Cameron, Cam, what can I do for you?" She is practically bouncing, vibrating with energy as she makes her way over to him and takes a box of food.

"Food! Great! Amazing-- Well, not as amazing as I'm sure mine was but still, food, food is good." She stops talking long enough to shoot Cam a huge smile.

"Please, come in."

"Yeah, the commissary cook isn't exactly Sal," Cam says. "Thought you might be hungry."

He hands over one of the containers. There only places to sit are the bed and the small table with two chairs on the other side of the room, so he heads over there.

"Yeah, I haven't spent that much time here, to be honest. I have assigned quarters but..." He shrugs. "When I was on earth, I was usually with you."

Vala moves over to where Cam is sitting and slides into a seat across from him. "You still can be," she says quietly, her eyes flicking up to look at his face as she opens her container of food.

He gives her a tight smile. "Not quite the same."

"No I suppose its not the same as getting out and away but, I am here." She offers him another smile and turns to her food, digging into it. She hasn't eaten since before she snuck into the base and she is starving.

"Right, speaking of that," Cam says. "Landry won't let you leave? I'm surprised. Not really his style to keep someone here."

"Well..." Vala pauses to finish the bit of sandwich she's eating before continuing. "I traded him to stay. He said I could leave if I submitted to a body search, interesting that, but I offered him a deal to stay instead."

Cam puts his hamburger down. "What, you wanted to stay?"

Vala sits back in her chair, confused. "What? Yeah."

Cam can't quite wrap his mind around that. "Your whole reason for breaking into the base was to get stuff so you could leave."

"Yeah, but I wasn't prepared to leave now, Cameron." She sighs and pushes her container away, leaning in closer on the table as if Cam could understand her better if she were closer.

"My ship, it can be powered on and it can run some functions but it can't fly. I need naquadah to make it fly and I am fresh out of it. I'm sure you're familiar with the fact you don't have any in abundance around here. So I broke in to get naquadah to make my ship be able to fly, but I wasn't doing that to leave. I was doing that... because I wanted to take you flying this weekend in my ship."

"So you're serious? That's actually what you were planning?" Cam still sounds a little bit doubtful.

"Yes, I was serious about that. I thought you would enjoy space flight, once you got past the initial shock of everything, anyways. But I needed naquadah to make the ship fly. And, well, my ship has a few modified features; it was able to tell me where the nearest supply of naquadah was. It just didn't tell me it was a chapp'ai."

"I still don't understand why you want to stay here," Cam says, shaking his head.

"Well, its not like you're going to leave now, are you? Not when you are playing first line defense to saving the world and the galaxy. I mean, I thought it was one thing to tempt you from your job when you were just looking through telescopes all day but this, this is something else." She shakes her head. "No, I just figured you were staying so... I better find a more permanent place to stay."

"So, you're staying for me?" Cam's voice is openly incredulous now. "Vala, have you thought this through? The IOA aren't exactly the nicest guys in the world."

"Well," Vala pauses and worries her bottom lip. "Mostly, you? Yes. The other... I don't trust Ba'al. I don't trust him as far as I could throw him and I think you have all lost your senses to think that he can be trusted for anything. So someone needs to keep him in line and make sure he doesn't blow up your planet with you on it."

Cam doesn't comment on that. He's read Ba'al's report of the history between himself and Vala's former Goa'uld. It doesn't exactly reassure him. "So what, you're signing on to stay and be Ba'al's babysitter?"

Vala leans in closer. "You don't know what he can do. Whatever you think you know about him? Its worse. I'm sure he's said the same about me but the difference is, it wasn't me he's talking about. I got rid of my gou'ald. He still has his."

"Trust me, Vala, we know," Cam says. "No one here is under any misconception that Ba'al is really on our side. He's just on the side that keeps his out of the line of fire. Right now, that's us."

Vala looks at Cam skeptically. She doesn't believe in the slightest that they have any idea of what they are doing with Ba'al and she knows at some point, somewhere down the line, Ba'al is going to pull something on them. And when that happens, Vala is sure to be there.

But for the moment she lets it go. Cam believes they have everything under control and she's not going to change his mind right now.

Cam watches her, not sure what that look on her face means.

"You know, blue doesn't look half bad on you." He's referring to the BDU's she's wearing. They're too big for her, the shirt hanging off of her. "If you're staying here, you'll need your stuff. I'll talk to Landry about getting you out later to go pack up your place at Sol's."

Vala pauses, thinking about that for a moment.

"Will I be allowed to go and visit?" She asks him hopefully. She does care for Betty and Sal and can't imagine just cutting off contact completely. Even if Betty does enjoy interrupting her when she tries to have alone time with Cam.

"I think so," Cam says. "You've been living here for months already. Look awfully strange if you just disappeared from your life...."

He's spinning the story he'll tell to General Landry out loud.

She gives Cam a heartfelt smile, really appreciating it. "Thank you. I would miss them.... And Sal's blue plate specials."

Cam isn't actually sure if he'll ever want to go back there. Even thinking of it now gives him sort of a gnawing empty feeling inside that he's just not used to. "Yeah. Well. I'm sure you'll get to have one again."

Vala frowns looking over at him. "You'd go with me right? I could actually sit at the table with you and eat this time." She's joking, but deep down, Vala gets a bit excited at the idea.

"Yeah, I guess, if you want me to," Cam says.

Somehow, he doesn't actually see that happening, though.

"I would like that." Vala smiles at him and reaches across the table to find Cam's hand to squeeze it.

"Vala..." He looks down at their hands and then pulls his away.

Vala frowns down at where her hand is left on her own. She raises her head up to look at Cam, "What...?"

He shakes his head. "Don't do this. You know this... changes things."

Vala's forehead burrows slightly. "I know there are some differences, but I still am the same person I was before. I mean, bumps in the road, right?" She says, her voice going up higher as she just hopes Cam isn't trying to do and say what she maybe might be thinking.

"Vala, you aren't the same person to me. Everything I thought I knew about you was a lie. That changes things for me." Cam can't help how miserable he sounds when he says it.

"I am the same." Vala insists, her voice rising again. She gets up and moves over to his side, sitting on the bed and looking right at him.

"Okay the background is a bit different and there are some things we'll have to work on and talk about but... my feelings for you aren't changed, I still want you."

"Vala, you had a Goa'uld inside of you for who knows how long. I don't know where you're from. I don't know if you have any family or not. I don't know how old you are. I don't know anything about your life, and what I do know was just a cover story." His voice doesn't rise; it stays flat and level, but it's a struggle.

"Yes, but we can go through that, talk about it. And having a Gou'ald inside my head wasn't my choice. I was not consulted at any point of that procedure," Vala says honestly.

"I know, I know you weren't," Cam says, shaking his head. "I'm just saying, that's a lot of your life that I just... I don't know about. Besides, I read your file. You really saying you'd be happy just sticking around here for the next decade or so? Because I'm not leaving SG-1. Not until they kick my ass out."

Vala opens her mouth as she thinks about that scenario. "I can stay in one spot," she finally says, jutting her chin out. "And its not like I couldn't go anywhere. You go off world and go places all the time. And then ... we'd be able to stay together."

"General Landry said you wanted to work with SG-1." Cam tries another tactic. "I don't think it's a good idea for people on the same team to be in a relationship. It complicates things. And, hell, things are already pretty complicated."

She shakes her head again. "It won't be complicated," she insists, scooting closer to the edge of her bed. "I can be quite uncomplicated, okay no I can't thats a lie, but ... I can make it uncomplicated. I can, just, not be on SG-1 then. Problem solved. Just don't-- don't do this Cam, please, please don't. I can't lose you," she whispers, her voice desperate. "I love you Cam, please don't do this."

"Vala..." Cam can't quite handle hearing her voice shake like that. "You mean it?"

There's something guarded in his voice, like he just needs to hear it one more time before he can really believe it.

Vala drops her head a bit, feeling overwhelmed and more naked and open than she has to anyone in a long time. "I wouldn't lie to you, not about this Cam." Her voice is quiet but steady as she picks up her head to look him in the eye. "I mean it."

He rubs a hand over his mouth and then nods. "Yeah. Okay. We'll try this."

"Yeah?" Vala repeats, her own voice still quiet as if she's scared to get her hopes up.

"Yeah." He sits back, still at the table, and nods. "Just don't make me regret this, Vala."

She shakes her head, her face splitting into a huge grin. "Oh you won't, you won't at all," she assures him. Vala is quick to slip off the bed and into his lap, taking Cam's face in her hands and kissing him softly.

He can't do anything but smile in response to that look on her face, that utter elation. She loves him; she said she loves him, and he's never been the type of guy to a woman before anything else but right now Cam can't imagine not being with her, even considering everything that's happened.

He wraps his arms around her, kissing her back.

She chuckles happily and rubs her nose against Cam's as she slides her tongue into his mouth, curling it agianst his own. "What do you want to know? I'll tell you. Anything, just ask."

He pauses and thinks for a minute before settling on an easy question, something basic. "Where are you from?"

"A small back water little planet that no one ever goes to. We knew it as Lantanna. I'm sure you would have a different name for the place." She answers Cam honestly and quickly, wanting him to feel like he can ask her now, she won't make the mistake she did before.

"Lantanna?" Cam repeats it after her, smiling a little bit. "Sounds... pretty."

"It was. If you liked strongly agrarian society and heavily forested planets. But still, it was a very, peaceful, quiet sort of place. It wasn't very rich and it didn't have any naquadah so growing we were left alone by the gou'ald. Mostly, anyways."

"Mostly?" He's certainly curious though he can't help but assume she'll try to deflect.

Its heading into territory that Vala previously steered wide away from. She didn't like to talk about her childhood too much and she didn't usually like sharing too much of her past either. But this isn't usually and usually isn't Cam.

She shifts in his lap, pulling away from him slightly as she works out how she wants to word what she wants to say. "Most worlds under gou'ald rule are accustomed to having their god come in when they wanted something. My world did not have much to offer, we had few people and fewer resources but we were not forgotten by the gou'ald either."

Cam has a hand resting around her waist, but he's not forcing her to stay where she is. If she wants to leave, she can.

He hopes she doesn't, though. He might still be wary but he also wants to hear this. "What did they do when they did remember you?"

Vala shrugs slightly. It has been a long time since she was a child back on Lantanna and most of her memories of that time were faded around the edges. "Mostly they wanted tribute, something in the way of servitude and what not. For most people it was portions of their crop or what they had been able to make in the harvest."

He reaches up and pushes her hair from her face. "What about your family? What did they take from you?"

Vala frowns and shifts again in Cam's lap. Her eyes flicker up to the concern in his and the soft expression on his face. She smiles lopsidedly at Cam and reaches up to brush the tips of her fingers over what feels like a five o'clock shadow growing across his face.

"My father would trade with them for whatever he might have lying around. He traveled around past Lantanna and had a variety of wares and information that the gou'ald found useful."

He gives her a brief flicker of a smile on response to the touch of her fingers. "Your dad... your family. You still see them a lot? Ever? Where are they at? Brothers, sisters, parents?"

"Cam..." Vala starts, her brow furrowing slightly. "I'm not sure where any of my family are anymore. If any of them are even still alive. Not sure if I'd really like to see any of them even if I did."

"None of them?" He's aware that he's delving into personal space right now, but that's what he wants. He can't imagine dating anyone else for as long as he and Vala have been together now and still knowing nothing about her family. "Why not?"

"Cam," Vala says, finally standing up and moving. She paces back and forth in front of Cam, burning off nervous energy. "I was a host Cam. Its not exactly a short term gig."

Cam tenses as soon as she does. He crosses his arms over his chest, fighting the urge to stand because standing always makes him feel better. He doesn't like having to look up to people. "Right. How long, then?"

Vala looks away from Cam. She stops in front of her dresser and leans back against it. She can feel the tension in the air and she knows its her doing. She wants to be upfront with Cam but many of her memories are not pleasant ones for her to recall.

"I can't remember exactly," she finally says quietly. "My best guess was around fifty years."

"Okay." He doesn't ask her to linger on that. It's still something he needs to wrap his mind around, and he has a feeling he's pushed as far as she'll let him push, anyway.

She feels awkward and open and vulnerable. Not a feeling she has felt in a very long time. Vala wraps her arms around her middle, hugging herself before she pushes off the dresser and moves into Cam. She presses her nose into his neck and breathes him in as she leans against his body, letting him hold her up instead of the dresser now. She needs this, needs to feel this closeness with him right now and know that he's not going to push her away again after all of that.

He doesn't have any problem doing that for her. He hugs her to him, kissing her temple.

Part of him things that being open and honest with someone you claim to love should never be this hard. But he's not Vala, and he hasn't had her life, and while this is something he's not going to bend on, he will try and be understanding.

She slowly relaxes until her body sags against Cam's almost completely. She takes a deep shuddering breath in before releasing it slowly. Smiling to herself, she presses a brief kiss to the nape of Cam's neck.

Her arms tighten their hold around him as she moves her body closer to him.

Her past is not an easy one and its not something Vala shares easily with anyone. With Cam, however, there is a large part of her that wants him to know about her but there is also another part that is equally scared by what he will think once he finds out everything about her.

"I should go," he says, after a minute, pulling back slightly.

He knows it won't look good if he stays here all night, and he's not really sure that Vala would want him to, anyway.

She pulls back from Cam slightly, frowning. "Go? ... now?" She doesn't want him to leave but she is beginning to think he doesn't want to stay either. She drops her arms to her sides so he can step back away from her. "Do you have to go now?" She asks him, her voice sounding tiny and quiet and unlike it normally does.

He doesn't step away. Instead, he reaches for her again, sighing and pressing his face against her hair. "I can stay a little while longer," he says, after a minute. "But I shouldn't stay the night. That wouldn't help your case any, or mine either."

"My case? What case is that?" Vala asks, turning to look at Cam as best she can this close to him.

He shakes his head lightly. "Never mind."

He doesn't see much need to rehashing the same stuff they both know; that if she does one thing wrong, she's out of here, knowledge about the Ori and Ba'al or not. And... no matter what issues he might be having right now, he does want her here. He wants her to stay.

Vala wants to stay with Cam. Doesn't want to have to leave him and she knows now there is no way she can just go back to working at Sol's. Even if she wanted to go back to her old life, there is no way that she could now with the SGC knowing about her.

She pulls away slightly so she could see him. "So you mean that they would not like you... with me?" She asks him quietly.

"They already know we were together," Cam says. He lets go of her and then sits back down at the table, not sure where else to go. The only other option is the bed, and... well. He's not sure they're quite there in the conversation yet. "Hell. I don't know what to do, Vala. Never exactly been in a situation like this."

It almost makes him laugh, how different this is from what he'd always imagined being on SG-1 would be like.

"Neither have I," she replies honestly. She's never been in a position where she wanted to stay and not leave. "I just want you to stay with me. Or me with you, I'm very flexible."

Cam almost cracks a smile. "Yeah. Yeah, you are."

Vala's lips curl into a wide smile. "I know what you're thinking about," she teases him lightly.

He falls to the bait. "Oh yeah? You think so, huh?"

Vala beams ridiculously at him. "Mm, oh yeah. Cause I'm thinking about it too."

"So..." He pauses. "You and Jackson, huh? You know, there were rumors about you two. Ships have security cameras built in."

Vala sighs and chuckles softly. She shifts on her feet and does lean back against the dresser behind her. "Yeah, I suppose there were some rumours after that." She reaches out and grabs Cam's hand, squeezing it before letting it go. "He was... interesting though perhaps a liability to keep. Probably would have worked out better for me if I hadn't."

Cam hesitates, picking his words carefully, trying to keep the blatant jealousy out of his voice. "He didn't name you. Said he thought you were harmless. Didn't see any reason to include you in his report. I know Jackson pretty well. That means you did something he liked."

Vala stops, actually surprised by that. "He said that? That I'm harmless?" She frowns for a moment before responding. "Not much... happened between him and I. A lot of fighting. I cold cocked him a few times and he finally hit me with a z'at gun."

Cam lifts an eyebrow. "That's all, huh?"

Part of him is relieved, and part of him... isn't even sure if he should believe her.

"Just about. I think I tried to kiss him at the beginning before I knocked him out too. But that, yeah, definitely all that happened. Were you... worried? About something else happening?"

"Not worried," Cam answers, just a little too quickly.

"Not worried?" She repeats, this time a bit softer. "Not jealous at all?" She steps forward and offers Cam a soft smile, wrapping her arms around his middle.

"No," Cam says, and some of the sulk definitely slips through this time.

Vala smiles slowly and pulls him even closer. "You were too."

"You don't wish he'd been the one to walk into that diner?" He rests his forehead against hers. "He's in more of a position to help you out right now than I am."

Vala cupped her hand against his cheek and nuzzled softly at his forehead. "I couldn't have asked for anyone else to have walked into the diner."

Cam lets his eyes close. "I wanted to take you home. Kept thinking about it, last time I was on a mission. Taking you to Kansas to meet my folks."

Vala is surprised, having not expected that at all. ".... really?" She asks him, her voice tiny and hopeful.

"I thought my momma would love you," Cam admits, smiling a little. "And I sure as hell know she'd be relieved if I found someone I was serious about."

"... you thought...?" She asks, repeating his use of the past tense. "You don't think she would now?"

"You don't exactly seem like the type of person that wants to meet the parents," Cam says, and that reminds him just how little he knows now about what type of person she is at all. The reminder makes him stiffen and pull back a little without even meaning to.

"I'd like to meet your mother," she replies back. Vala moves forward, reaching out for Cam once more. Her hands curl around his biceps and she pulls him closer to her.

"Vala..." It's on the tip of his tongue to say again that he just doesn't think this will work. He wants it to, but it just doesn't feel real to him right now. He feels cheated out of something he thought he had.

Vala drops her hands from his arms and looks up at his face, almost afraid of what she is going to see there. "What, Cam?"

He shakes his head. "Nothing. Nothing. I should go now."

Vala moves, jumping up on the bed and then down to block Cam's easy exit to the door. "That was not nothing. That was my name. Said in a tone of voice that usually indicates annoyance, exhaustion or sadness. None of these are particularly good emotions Cameron and I would really like to have some clarification here on what you meant by that. Oh, and your comment about not being the meeting parents type."

"Vala, you would be so bored by Auburn, Kansas. You'd be bored by my hometown, by my parents, by my life." His temper flares slightly.

"I'm not bored by you." Vala's own temper is beginning to flare back and she moves closer to him. "You are easily the most amazing thing I've had enter my life in a very, very long time. I don't care what you think, if its connected to you I already know I love it." She nods her head firmly as if that alone settles the matter.

Cam doesn't really have a comeback to that. "Why? Look, I'm not saying I don't know my own strengths, but why would you want to stay here when you have a life out there?"

"Because right now what I have here is the most important thing," Vala replies back. "Not whatever sort of life I may have out there somewhere."

"So you're seriously saying whatever you had going on out there before you got stuck here is so worthless that you'd give it all up for some guy you just met who can't offer you anything but partial imprisonment in an underground facility?" Cam's voice belays the incredulousness that he feels.

Vala just stares back at Cam for a moment before she replies quietly, "He says he loves me."

Cam feels like he can't breathe for a few seconds. "He does."

"Then, I have every reason to stay." Vala says it simply, for her the choice is easy. She wants whatever life keeps him in hers.

He'd never thought that this thing could be fixed with just a few words, and truthfully it's not entirely all right now - there are still problems, still things they'll need to work through, but hearing her say that... for the first time, he believes it.

He's shaking slightly as he pulls her to him, not upset but overwhelmed with what he feels right now.

She goes where he pulls her, easily folding herself into him. She wraps her arms around him, shaking herself slightly. There were a few moments there that Vala had actually begun to worry that Cam was going to leave and everything she had been trying to fix would fall apart once more.

She sniffles ever so slightly into his neck, rubbing her nose against him.

Cam is exhausted, suddenly, as if the adrenaline that's been keeping him afloat has suddenly decided to leave his system all at once.

She can feel how he sags against her and she nuzzles him gently, walking them both over to the bed. "Its been a long day," she says quietly. All Vala wants to do is lay down and relax, maybe cuddle with her boyfriend for a little bit. He lets her guide him, his hand loosely in hers. The bed is standard issue for guest rooms, same size as the one in his own quarters. He follows her down, stretching out on top of the covers and pulling her against him. He wishes he could just blank his mind out right now, focus on nothing but laying here, with her.

She stretches out alongside him, smiling over at him as she scooches and moves to cuddle herself up against his chest. She rests her head right under his, tucked up under his chin. "This, this is nice," she whispers, just closing her eyes and enjoying the moment as well.

"Yeah," Cam says, enjoying the weight of her against him. He has no idea what time it is but his internal clock says late. He's been in here for a while, a couple of hours at least.

Vala runs her hand through his hair and leans in close, pressing her lips just chaste and softly to his, testing to see how he feels.

He kisses back, turning them slightly and lowering her to the bed so he's leaning over her. He cups her face, fingers in her hair, and brushes his mouth over hers.

She smiles into the kiss and presses her lips against his a bit firmer now that she knows he isn't going to pull away from her. Reaching out, she cups her hand to his cheek and slightly parts her lips, inviting him in.

His tongue sweeps over hers, and the kiss turns from something hesitant to something more, stronger, letting his weight fall close to the bed as he moves from supporting himself with an arm to supporting himself with a forearm on the pillow close to her head.

She tilts her head back and opens her legs a bit wider. Cam slides in, laying against her perfectly just as they had before.

Her fingers card through his hair, playing with the soft strands as she tugs him in closer to her and kisses him back deeper. She can feel the intensity notching up in the kiss and rushes to match it.

His hair is short enough that her fingers can barely find purchase there but it still feels good, her nails scraping against sensitive skin. It makes him shiver, makes his cock start to harden, and his pulse begin to pound as he works his mouth against hers.

She whimpers ever so softly into his mouth and begins to push up on his body. She wants to feel him closer to her and pushing into her. "Cam," she moans quietly, her tongue curling around his.

His hand moves alongside her body, cupping her breast through the shirt she's wearing, feeling the way her nipple stiffens. Her body arches toward him and he lets his thigh push between her legs, giving her something to move into.

She really likes that and moves eagerly into him. Her hips dip and roll against his thigh as her kisses turn more energetic. She sucks his tongue into her mouth, nibbling on the tip of it as she finally lets it go only to chase after it with her own tongue.

He sits up and tugs at her shirt until he gets it off, leaning back down to suck her nipple through her bra. He's impatient all of a sudden, wants her, wants to prove to himself that he still has her. A lot might have changed but this is still the same.

"Oh." Its a small movement but just the feel of Cam's hands tugging and pulling her shirt off is enough to get her excited. "Cam--" she tarts to say, breaking herself off when she feels the soft suction of his mouth on her bra over her breast.

"I need to feel you Cam," she finally says. Her voice is low and desperate as she curls her fingers in his shirt.

He helps her unbutton his BDU shirt and then shrugs it off. His t-shirt follows after and then he wraps his arms around her, mouth against hers, their chests pressed together.

"Oh, oh yes," she agrees, fingers already moving to her own pants. She wants to be undressed, pressed nakedly against Cam. "Help me--?" She asks him softly, her lips and tongue still sliding and moving against his own.

He kisses down her neck, between her breasts, mouth on her stomach as his fingers undo her pants and push them down her body. Her legs are long and smooth and he loves how they feel against his hands.

She smiles and lifts her hips up as Cam tugs and pulls everything down. She loves the way he looks between her legs, the top of his head right at her hips. She arches off the bed once more and reaches down to run her fingers through his short hair. Wrapping one leg around him, she pulls him in close to her.

He gets the hint she's dropping and leans down to kiss the insides of her thighs, swiping his tongue over her pussy lips and then sucking lightly on her clit. He's too impatient for too much foreplay right now, though. He just wants to be inside of her.

He has his pants almost all the way off when he realizes something. "Fuck. We can't."

"What--? Why not?" Vala asks him. Her breathing is heavy and fast; she's turned on and she wants to feel him above her now. She doesn't want to hear that they can't.

"The SGC doesn't exactly keep guest quarters stocked with condoms," Cam mutters, kicking his pants off and then rolling over to lay down beside her. His fist hits the rumpled covers on the bed, fingers tightly clenched in frustration.

"... you don't have any?" She asks, rolling on her side to look at him hopefully. She doesn't want to just give up, right now she wants him.

"Don't exactly imagine situations in which I'd need condoms while I'm on base very often," Cam says, glaring slightly up at the ceiling.

"Yeah I was thinking maybe... wallet?" She continues hopefully. She reaches out and curls her hand around the side of his face, tugging him until she can look at him.

"No," he says. "I used to carry one but we used it. Haven't really been considering myself the kind of guy that needed a 'just in case' anymore." He gives her a look.

She smiles softly at him and leans in, pressing her lips against his own. "We could..." She starts to say, looking down at where his pants are still pulled down low, his cock almost halfway out.

He kisses her back, though he's still frustrated. He could walk down to his quarters and see if he has one in his bag somewhere but he doesn't think there's a good chance of it, and he also doesn't particularly want to walk out of her quarters and down a floor with a hard on. "We could what?"

She bites on her bottom lip and gives him a grin. "Do we need one?" She finally asks. She trusts him to have told her if there was anything she needed to worry about but given how things have gone the past few days she isn't sure if he trusts her like that.

It takes him a second to think about what she's saying. "Don't we?"

"Well... Its up to you," she finally says. She hopes he gets what she's trying to say because she really doesn't want to have to come out and say it right now.

"But... don't we... need it?" He says again. He's a guy, and of course he likes the idea of being inside of her with no protection, but he's not naive. "What about birth control?"

She shakes her head slowly. "I wouldn't get pregnant," she assures him. "I have a tiny implant that gives off hormones that would keep me from conceiving."

"Implant?" He looks at her, naked except for the bra she's still wearing, and considers it. "And there's nothing else to worry about?"

He wants to trust her, and his gut instinct says she'd never lie to him about this, but he has to ask just to be sure.

She shakes her head. "Nothing else that we need to worry about," she repeats for him. She offers him another smile and reaches out for his hand.

He tugs her over on top of him and kisses her, giving her his answer nonverbally. He cups her face and runs a hand up her back, feeling the bumps of her spine underneath his fingertips.

She shivers and squirms in his arms until she's able to slide her body just right against his. Her nipples drag across his chest as she moves to dominate the kiss. He reaches behind her and manages to unhook the bra, sliding it off so he can feel her without that between them. He feels her tongue on his and his cock is waking back up, hardening against her hip. She pulls back to grab her bra and toss it aside. Smiling back down at him, she leans forward and presses her lips to his and slides her tongue back in to stroke alongside his. "Mm, Cam," she begins, shivering in his arms as she rolls them back over, wanting him on top of her again.

He reaches down and checks to see if she's ready, fumbling with his fingers and rubbing against her lips, finding the wetness there. His breathes quickens as he thinks about what it will be like to be inside of that heat, and he doesn't want to wait long. He kisses her and grasps his cock, rubbing the head where his fingers had just been, the flared head of his cock swiping over her clit.

Vala gasps and jerks slightly underneath him. Her clit is already sensitive and the feeling of him rubbing against her feels amazing. She wraps a leg around his hip, encouraging him to move into her.

He finds just the right spot and presses in, moving slowly, taking his time. He pushes her hair back from her face and says, "That okay? Feel good?"

Vala can't respond with words. She moans low and deep and pushes her hips up towards Cam eagerly wanting more.

Her arms wrap around his chest and she pulls him down and close to her so she can kiss him as he slides into her pussy.

He settles above her, between her legs, and starts to thrust. "Feels good," he admits, not having realize what a difference it would really make. "Never done this before without a condom. Well, not sober and that I could remember."

She shudders around him as she laughs. "So good," she moans happily, biting down on her bottom lip as she jerks her hips up again. "Haven't done it like this...." She trails off, shaking her head. She isn't able to focus and talk too well, but she hasn't had it like this either.

Her legs are around his waist and his body is pressed to hears, sweat forming between them. The bed is starting to smell like sex and he lets his mind just check out, lets his body take over and do what feels good.

"Ooh, yeah, thats it," she encourages, her whole body getting in to it. "Yeah thats the spot. You know right where I want it don't you?" She always gets talky during really good sex, her mouth just beginning to go without any sort of filter. "Know right where I need you to put that cock. Mm, oh yeah fill me up Cam--fuck--"

Cam's less interested in talking right now. He just wants to connect, to feel her, to get off, to let go of the awful feeling plaguing him for this entire day. He kisses her, not really meaning to shut her up, just wanting to kiss.

She turns her head into the kiss and runs her tongue against his own. Her words come out garbled and murmured before she gives in and goes quiet. Wrapping a second leg around him, Vala is able to fully rock and push into him, opening herself completely to Cam.

"Need me to..." He murmurs, a hand brushing low on her belly, fingertips against the trimmed curls of her pubic hair.

"Mm, yeah," she moans, squirming again. "Yeah do it. Like that."

His fingers rub over her clit and he can feel how much wetter she gets and the way she starts to clench around him. "Yeah, you there?"

"Almost," she pants. She's not quite there yet but she can tell by how his back clenches that he's getting very close. "So close baby," she whispers softly, her lips moving along his jawline to his ear. "God yes, yes Cam, oh fuck me, yes-- Cameron--" She groans and rubs up into his fingers as she can just feel her orgasm about to hit.

He moves his hand away and changes the angle between them sitting up and leaning over her so he can slam home, thrusting hard, hoping it'll be enough to send her over the edge. He loves watching her come.

Its more than enough. She gasps and cries out as she comes hard around Cam's cock. Her voice is probably louder than it should be in her quarters on base but she can't help it. She stuffs her fist into her mouth to try and deaden the sound.

He balances over her, biceps bulging with the strain, sweat rolling down and getting caught in the hair on his chest, sliding down his stomach. It doesn't take much more for him to reach that peak himself, and it feels so good to spill inside of her.

She shudders again around him, her eyes closing shut as she feels him fill her. "Ohfuck," she breathes, pulling her fist from her mouth so that she can breathe better.

"That feels... Ohgod." She shakes her head and pants, rolling her hips up just to stretch and enjoy how he feels inside her right now. "That felt amazing."

His own throat is raw from his vocal expression of his pleasure. He slumps down against her, still buried inside of her. "Damn. Damn."

Vala is breathing hard but smiling. "Good for you? Good damn?" She checks, feeling pretty sure of the answer, but always appreciating a bit of ego stroking.

He kisses the corner of her mouth and then rolls off of her. His cock is wet and sticky as it softens against his thigh and he can't help but look down and see where there's a sheen of slickness over her pussy, knowing that it's him, he left that there.

She catches his gaze and grins, stretching her entire body out on the bed and giving him something to actually look at. "Like what you see?" She asks him softly, a smile on her face.

He opts again to not answer her verbally, leaning over and kissing her. He draws her in, arms wrapped around her, and pulls her against him. She shivers happily and curls herself up against him. She nuzzles underneath his jaw and nips slightly before soothing over with her tongue.

"I love you Cam," she whispers into his neck.

He's tired now, the urge to sleep creeping over him. Her words make him smile, though, and he absently strokes his fingers through her hair. "I love you, too."

She smiles hugely at those words and buries her face into his neck even further. She can't quite believe something like this is happening to her.

"Happiest pseudo-prisoner I think we've ever had here," Cam teases her gently. He's smiling too, because she's here, she's staying. She wants to stay for him.

She doesn't like being a pseudo-prisoner but she hopes, in time, she'll be able to change that. "I would hope you aren't this hospitable to all your prisoners..." Vala teases him back.

"Oh, trust me, Ba'al didn't get nearly as nice of a welcome..." He rubs his fingertips down her side, touching her.

"Yeah? Didn't lay out that nice red carpet or anything?" She chuckles and rolls a bit onto her side so she can look at him easier.

Something about that strikes him and he gives her a crooked smile. "Red carpet, huh? Guess you have been doing your homework on earth terminology."

Vala beams over at him, obviously very proud of herself. "Came from one of Betty's shows," she explains.

"But you did, didn't you?" Cam asks, playing with her hair. "You did study up. Learn a lot about.... us. Hell, I've been sleeping with you for months now, and... I mean, once in a while you said something that was a little off but I never really noticed."

Vala blushes and looks away slightly, feeling a bit embarrassed. "I didn't want people to know. It was... I thought it was important that I blended in with Earth culture as much as possible."

"You did good. You're... smart. A little too smart, maybe." He gives her a wry grin.

She grabs his hand in hers and squeezes it. "If I had known--" she starts and pauses. "If I had known that telling you about me wouldn't have freaked you out and made you call the authorities, I would have."

"And if I'd known that you were secretly an alien con woman, I would have told you what it was I had to keep leaving for days and weeks at a time to do," he says, cupping her face and rubbing his thumb over her bottom lip.

She offers him a smile and parts her lips around his thumb. "Not conning you," she assures him softly.

Better not be." He kisses her again and then sits up. He grabs his shorts and slides them on then walks into the bathroom, taking care of a full bladder and then washing up quickly.

He still isn't sure if he should stay or go.

Vala sits up to watch him before sliding down towards the end of the bed. She stands up on her knees and reaches out for him, pulling him to her. "Can you stay?" She asks him quietly, tucking her head under his chin. "Please say you'll stay with me."

He holds her, feeling her bare skin against his. "Yeah. Yeah, okay. I'll stay."

He pulls away to walk around the bed, turning the light off before he slides under the covers.

Vala has to bite down on her bottom lip so she doesn't make too much noise as excited as she is.

She waits for Cam to get into bed before she slides her body next to his, curving around him and wrapping an arm around his waist. She always liked when he stayed with her overnight, or her with him, when they were together. She seemed to sleep deeper and easier with him around.

*

He wakes up in the morning at his normal time, even without an alarm set. It jars him for a moment; he's in bed with Vala, which is normal, and he's in a standard base quarters bed, which is also normal, but what isn't normal is that those two things coincide.

Vala can feel Cam stirring beside her and she turns in her sleep towards him. She wants more sleep, wants him moving less next to her. She yawns and tucks herself in closer to him as she lets herself fall back asleep again.