Vino And Vicky
by yellowjacket66

Vino And Vicky Ch. 02, Dinner

They return to the cafe for dinner.

My husband Danny told you about our adventure in the café in Spain, where I masturbated with some Spanish 'gentleman' watching and playing with his prick. Danny gets so turned on watching me do things like that and once I get going, I have a hard time stopping, particularly when I have a bottle of wine in my system. We'd been apart for months and I couldn't get enough of him once I arrived in Spain. As he told you, we screwed all day and only came out of our motel to eat and do a little sight-seeing.

When we were eating lunch, I had noticed the Spanish stranger looking up my skirt and I gave him a show, opening my legs and flashing him. Then my husband convinced me to take off my panties. I got so turned on having this guy look at my bare pussy that I acceded to my husband's wished and began to play with myself. I have trouble with impulse control and my husband has taken advantage of my weakness many times. I actually don't mind at all. It really makes me hot when he's telling me what to do and I do nasty things while I'm feeling like I'm not in control. Losing control and getting fucked by some stranger is one of my fantasies. Having that Spanish guy watch me and jack himself off was a mind-blowing experience.

It turned out that the Spanish stranger owned the restaurant so our wine and tapas were free. Then, the waiter handed a glass full of white fluid to me. It was the café owner's cum. I drank it, swallowing it with one gulp. While we walked back to our hotel, I kissed my husband. I know he hates the taste of his cum, but he was so hot for me that he didn't seem to mind the taste of the stranger's cum in my mouth.

We went back to our room, fucked and took a nap. My pussy was getting sore from all the action, but I just put some lubricant on it, took a nice bath and slept for a while. I'm never going to complain about my husband fucking me too much. I can't get enough of him. I love him so much and he really winds-me-up when we have sex.

We'd been going at it constantly since I had arrived in Spain. We didn't know anyone else, so there were few distractions. We were focused on each other. We had fucked like rabbits when we were first married. Then I got knocked-up a couple of times and we have two rug-rats. They are wonderful, but it takes away out spontaneity. We can no longer just fuck whenever we have the urge. So, when it was just the two of us in Spain, we could do it whenever we wanted, except when we were in public and even that didn't stop us in the café.

So, after our afternoon of sex, we were both hungry and needed a break. We left our hotel in the little town and ventured out looking for dinner. They eat late in Spain, so it was after nine o'clock. The hotel had a restaurant, but we wanted to experience the city a bit more. We checked out a few restaurants in the village, but they were busy, it being a Saturday night, and the wait for a seat would be an hour or more.

We happened to walk by the café when we'd had lunch and where I had diddled myself. We were going to walk by, but we noticed that while the place was very busy, there were two seats near the bar. We looked at the menu and they were featuring some batter-fried fish that Danny said was really good. We went in and were ushered to a small elevated table in the corner. We had to sit on bar-stools. There was nowhere else to sit. We, of course, ordered some wine and some of the fish. The restaurant was noisy with the many Spanish couples and a few tables of unaccompanied men. The food was wonderful and the atmosphere was very enjoyable. Being with Danny and experiencing another country was really exciting.

As the wine got to me, I relaxed and was feeling very good. I came to notice two couples sitting at a table near me. The two men were eying me. Since they were at a regular table, they had a direct view up my skirt. I'd worn another skimpy skirt that evening along with a 'wife-beater' shirt that did nothing to hide my modest-sized breasts. I didn't care what anyone thought about my appearance other than my husband. I suppose I was looking like an over-sexed American woman. Actually, that's what I was.

I whispered to Danny. "Those men at that table can see up my skirt."

He said, "It's a good thing you are wearing underwear."

I was wearing underwear, but they were nothing more than thin cotton panties. I'd been on a sexual high since getting to Spain and with the wine I'd consumed, I was still in a daring move. Remembering the fun I'd had at lunch, I opened my legs a little, putting one foot on the floor while the other was on the chair. My skirt rode up and I know those guys could see all the way up to my panties. I talked with my husband like I was oblivious to the show I was giving those men. I kept an eye on them out of the corner of my eye and noticed that the two women with them were not bothered by their men looking at my thighs. My feet were visible in my sandals, which gives some guys the thrill of seeing my legs, naked from my toes to my tushy.

The café owner (the guy from lunch) came over to visit us. He spoke a little English and Danny spoke a fair amount of Spanish. He thanked us for coming back and provided a free bottle of wine, which was just what I needed to get where I shed all my ambitions. The owner was standing with his back to the wall, facing the restaurant. I was facing him and nobody could see me from the front. I looked around and decided to 'thank' the owner. I pulled my shirt up and gave him a moment's glimpse of my bare breasts.

He said his name was Franco, like the dictator and he offered to show us around his property. Now, why we would want to see the back of the restaurant was beside the point. He was clearly making a play to get us off somewhere alone. I looked at Danny for guidance and he surprised me by saying he would "like to see the place". My mouth gaped open looking at my husband, wondering what he expected to happen. I thought for a moment and figured that Danny would stop anything from going too far. Maybe I'd show the guy my pussy again or something.

Well, we followed Franco and he showed us the kitchen, a small back yard where he kept a few chickens and then he led us to his 'casa', where he lived. It was a small cottage. We went inside and he poured a glass of sherry for us. I had to use his bathroom. When I was in there, I realized my panties were wet from my subconscious sexual arousal, being near the guy who had watched me do myself a few hours earlier. I figured he was going to try something and I wondered how far Danny would let him go.

My husband and I have talked about him watching me fool around with another man. Back home when I would dance with someone else, he would always be horny afterward. He liked it when I would flirt with his friends and he got me to go topless on a beach a year earlier in Italy. If it had been a nude beach, I'm sure he would've stripped me. As it was, he enjoyed having other men ogle my bare breasts. I liked it too. We had some great sex after that and whenever we would see a movie or read a dirty story about a wife getting naked on the beach, we would both go after each other with amazing passion.

Well, when I came out of the bathroom, I barely had time to say anything before Franco grabbed me and pushed me against the wall and kissed me. I giggled politely and pushed him away and looked to Danny for assistance. He just stood there with a blank expression on his face. He gets that look sometimes when he is watching me do something provocative.

When Franco moved back in, I didn't resist. I'd leave it up to Danny to regulate how far things would go. I know that's my job, but remember I like the feeling of someone else controlling what happens. Franco pulled up my shirt and put his hands on my breasts while kissing me. His beard scratched my face and his mouth tasted like alcohol and olive oil, but not unpleasant. He pulled my shirt up over my head. I lifted my arms to help him, leaving me topless. My husband was watching this man strip me. Franco put his face in my breasts and groveled there for a time, licking my hard nipples. His beard tickled. I looked at my husband. Our eyes met and he didn't say a thing. He just wanted to watch. I wondered how far he would let this man go. Would he let him fuck me?

My skirt was next to go. It dropped to the floor, leaving me with only my thin panties covering my pussy. Franco had seen the pussy quite well earlier in the day, so it was nothing new for him when he pulled my panties down and left me naked. I saw his bed in the next room and walked over to the bed. I figured I should be comfortable, expecting him to play with my pussy. The bed hadn't been made, so the sheets were exposed. I leaned back on the pillows and Franco dropped to his knees with his head between my legs. I looked at my husband as this strange man put his face into my crotch. As Danny told you in the previous story, once someone touches my clit, I go crazy and can't stop. Franco's tongue touched my clit and I felt my female juices flow. I rarely, but occasionally 'squirt' when we have sex. My pussy released a gush of my fluids onto Franco's face, which made him go wild eating my snatch. I have dark hair on my bush and around my cunt and Franco ran his nose through my public hair between licks of my clitoris. When he put his tongue inside me, I thought I was in heaven. I gushed more juices onto him, gasping with my orgasm. He'd seen me come earlier in the day and was seeing me do it again from very close-range. My legs were wide-open and I was letting this man do whatever he wanted because I wanted it too.

I looked at my husband and he was actually taking photos of me being ravished by this man we barely knew. I motioned for him to come over and he leaned in and kissed me, swirling his tongue in my mouth while the stranger swirled his tongue around the inside of my cunt.

"It feels so good." I said to Danny. "Did you like watching him strip me?"

I knew he did.

I said to him. "Get your cock out. I want to see how hard you are."

Danny pulled his pants down and sat beside me on the bed with his boner in his hand, stroking himself while a stranger sucked on his wife's pussy.

"How far do you want this to go?" I asked.

Danny didn't answer, which was an answer. It could go as far as I wanted it to.

"Would you like to see him fuck me?" I asked my husband, the only man who had ever had his dick inside my cunt since we were married.

Danny just nodded and quietly said, "Yes, if you want."

I went on, "I want you to watch him fuck me. Take a picture of his cock inside me."

Danny stood up and continued to watch.

I reached down and got Franco's attention. He was feasting on my naked snatch and it took a moment for me to let him know that I wanted him to fuck me.

Franco stood up and I watched him pull his shirt over his head. He had a lot of body hair, which I like. Then, after he removed his shoes, he dropped his pants. His dick popped out. He was uncircumcised so his prick looked different. He looked like he was a little bigger than my husband. I made the decision to take his cock in my mouth to compare it to Danny's manhood. I licked Franco's prick, sucking on the underside, fondling his balls and then I shoved his cock into my throat. I opened my throat and took his cock as far as I could. I couldn't get the whole thing in my mouth, but I was doing enough that he was groaning in pleasure and holding the back of my head. He pulled back a little and then held my head and pushed forward. That did it, his entire cock was in my mouth. The tip felt like it was in my stomach. Sometimes I would dream about a guy with a cock long enough to reach down my throat to my stomach. I wiggled my head and watched my husband making a video of his wife deep-throating another man's cock.

I came up gasping for air after having my throat stuffed with Franco's meat. I knew what he wanted to do next and I wanted it too. For the first time in our marriage, another man was going to fuck me and Danny was going to watch his cock go into my married cunt. Franco held my one leg up in the air so Danny could get a clear video of the cock entering my pussy. I felt the tip penetrate my delicate folds and pop into my vagina. He pulled out and did it again for my husband's camera. Then he pushed in, sliding his prick all the way into my cunt, just like it had done to my mouth. I groaned and looked at my husband while this other man fucked me. Franco pulled my other leg up and folded my knees over my shoulders to give him total access to my pussy. He was standing beside the bed, holding my ankles and fucking my wide-open pussy with at first a steady pace. I focused on how his cock felt. My girl-friends had told me that they could tell the difference between different cocks in their cunts. I did notice the unusual shape and size of this stranger's prick. Franco's pace quickened and I noticed that my husband had bared his own prick and was presenting it for me to suck. I gladly took Danny's cock in my mouth and sucked it while Franco neared his climax.

I felt Franco pause and I felt his dick spasm. Then I felt the warm gush of his semen pouring into my wide-open cunt. The tip of his dick was at my cervix and I felt some of his semen squirt into my uterus. Seeing him come set my husband off and he pumped his load into my mouth. I gulped it down eagerly, wanting to swallow my husband's cock.

The two men stood back. They high-fived each other. Proud that they had fucked me together. I was laying there naked with my legs hanging over the edge of the bed. Semen was dripping out of me and I was still tasting the cum in my mouth. Franco had picked up my shirt and used it to clean his prick and then wipe some of the cum off my leg where he had dribbled. I slowly stood up, a little dazed from the intensity of the experience.

I dressed as best I could. The semen from Franco's prick had stained my shirt. My underpants had disappeared, a trophy, no doubt. So, with my little skirt and my sandals, I walked back to the restaurant with Danny and Franco. When we walked in, some of the regular patrons looked at Franco and he gave them a quiet nod, letting them know that he had slipped his cock into the slutty American woman's cunt. I was a little embarrassed knowing that everyone in the place knew I had just been fucked by a man I had just met. We sat at our table for few moments. Franco had the waiter bring us dessert and sherry for after dinner, so we would stay a while.

I sat back in the chair and noticed the two men who were sitting at the adjacent table. Their lady-friends had gone to the bathroom. I looked at the two men and winked. Then I opened my legs and let them see my naked pussy. I'm sure they could see the moisture that covered my private region, clear evidence of having been used. A group of young guys at the next table over got a good 'beaver shot' too.

I had to go to the ladies' room before we left. I was embarrassed to walk through the crowd to the other side of the room, but I had no choice. I got most of the way across the room with everyone's eyes on me. Then some guy lifted my skirt in the back, showing everyone my naked ass. I twisted away which momentarily exposed my dark-haired bush and went off to the restroom to take a pee. I looked at myself in the mirror. My hair was a mess. My shirt was stained with a strip of cum. I tried to wipe it off with a towel, but it just made it look worse. My hard little nipples were poking through the thin shirt. The damp shirt was clinging to my breasts. I might as well have been topless.

I walked back through the café with all the men watching me and went to my husband and said, "Let's get out of here." He had already paid for our meal, or more correctly, I had paid for it.

As we walked out the door, my dear husband lifted the back of my skirt to give the few men sitting by the door one last look at his slutty wife.

We walked quickly back to our hotel, making sure nobody was following.

"I can't believe you let that happen." I said to my husband.

He said, "I thought you were going to stop it."

I looked at him and said, "I thought you would, being my supposed protector and all."

"I got so carried away watching you with him that I wanted to see him fuck you. You wanted it too."

I said, "I guess I did. I sure acted like it." After a moment I added, "What must those people think of me."

"You'll never see them again; don't worry about it."

"But they must think all American women are sluts like me." I said.

He just said, "We're on vacation. Nobody knows us. We're having a good time. Those people didn't seem all that upset to see their friend get some American pussy."

We walked a little farther and I asked him. "You must've liked watching based upon the load of cum you shot into my mouth."

He said, "Seeing that guy's dick go into your pussy was the hottest thing I've ever seen."

"Hotter that when your dick went into my cunt the first time."

He laughed, "I wasn't watching then. I got video now."

"Did you like seeing him eat me?"

"The poor guy earned that after you taunted him this afternoon."

I said, "I'll bet he's single and doesn't get much pussy."

Danny said, "He's got his photos of you from lunch-time to remember you by."

He flipped through his phone and found the video of Franco's cock slipping into my cunt and played it for me. There was this Spaniard's erect penis next to my hairy cunt. Danny and I had made some dirty videos, but there were just the two of us so this video had a much better and extremely explicit exposure of my most intimate parts. Seeing a cock going into my cunt was erotic and nasty.

Then he pulled my panties from his pocket, showing me that he was the one who had taken my panties in Franco's bedroom. He'd left me vulnerable to having all those people in the café see my ass and my pussy.

All this made me horny again so I pulled my husband off the sidewalk into a little park with a gazebo. I led him behind it. He was laughing and asking where I was taking him. I pulled him down on top of me, spreading my legs for him.

"Fuck me." I begged. "He fucked me bareback so put your cock in his mess. Fuck my sloppy pussy."

When I felt my husband's familiar prick sliding into me, it felt good to have his familiar appendage inside me again. I hugged my man tightly, glad that I was his forever. I squeezed his dick with my cunt muscles and managed to pull another small squirt of cum from his used-up dick. I smiled, proud of being more than my husband could handle.

Fortunately, nobody saw us, or if they did, they just watched.

We left the next morning for more adventure.
