John gets Sister Allison's help again.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 28 (mF, mc, nc, impreg?)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Seventeen years ago...

"Sister Allison, can I get your help with something?"

The novitiate turned. Johnny -- no, he had asked to be called John now, she remembered -- was standing close, a grin on his face. Her pretty face reddened. That very morning they had lost their virginities to each other, though she had done it to keep the boy from committing a mortal sin and being smote by The Lord.

"Um, John, what is it?" She was alone in the kitchen, having been peeling potatoes for dinner.

The 15-year-old pointed at his crotch, which she noticed was tented out by his erection once more. "Again? Oh, John..." She felt faint, and took a heavy breath. Instantly, her mind calmed. She had broken her vow of chastity that morning, but John was still in jeopardy. It wasn't like she would get in twice the amount of trouble if she helped him again. Such a handsome boy, she thought. She took his hand. "Come with me..."

She pulled him into the small pantry and closed the door behind them. "We must be quick," she advised him as she pulled down her underwear, pulled up her dress, and bent over a shelf, presenting her shapely ass to the young man. She had considered trying to use her mouth again, but she was so inexperienced that it would take too long; someone would be along soon for those potatoes.

John unzipped his pants and guided his turgid member to Sister Allison's rapidly moistening pussy lips. He was having some trouble, so she reached down and directed the head of his cock inside her.

"Oh..." she moaned as half of his 5" length slipped inside her. Her vagina was sore, but not as uncomfortable as it had been the first time. John pulled back and then pressed forward insistently. She was amazed at how wonderful it felt.

She sniffled as her breathing rate increased. Her nipples felt hard within her bra, and she wished that she could free them. "Quickly, John..." She started to push her butt back at him, which caused their hips to slam together, the vibrations reverberating through her pussy. It felt so good!

"Huff! Huff!" John gasped as he thrust into her. He couldn't believe how incredible this felt! He hoped Sister Allison would always be there to help him with his "problem".

Allison felt something flutter inside her vagina. Had the boy cum, she wondered? But no, his thrusts continued, unchanged. She lowered her torso a little and felt it again, a pleasurable scraping inside her as the boy thrust in. "Ohh..." she moaned. She wanted more of that.

She wondered why she was strangely unconcerned about John's bare cock thrusting into her unprotected vagina. What if she got pregnant? Well, her hormone-addled mind told her, since she had sex with John, she was probably going to have to leave the church anyway...having a baby wouldn't be so bad, would it, to help save John's immortal soul? Surely this was what God intended with his decree to not spill seed.

A baby...a baby...the tickling came again, deep inside her as John continued to thrust, and she felt a small orgasm rising from that point. "Ohh..."

"Unhh!" John thrust deep inside her fertile pussy and came hard.

Allison's burgeoning g-spot orgasm was supplemented by a full vaginal one as her body absorbed John's sperm. "Aaahhh!" she cried out, forgetting to be quiet. This doubled orgasm caused her whole body to writhe in pleasure as John's cum splashed against her spasming cervix again and again, some of his boys slipping through to start on their life's mission.

"Oh Goddd..." she moaned, her body shaking with little afterorgasms.

The pantry door flew open. There was a gasp. "Sister Allison!"

---

Today...

Former agent Carmen Sandoval stepped into JJ's room, her hands up, and then the door closed behind her. She crossed her arms and glared at the viewing window. Jean stood there, grinning, and he pointed toward JJ. Carmen sighed and sat next to the boy on the bed as the other women made room.

Jean pantomimed zipping his mouth. Carmen pressed her lips together and made exaggerated breathing noises through her nose. She half-expected to start feeling horny again, but nothing happened.

A few minutes later, Jean pounded the wall with his fist. "Zut! What is the key, boy?"

"You want to know the key?" JJ responded.

"Yes, the key!"

"It's up your ass. Want me to dig around in there and find it?"

Carmen guffawed. Jean was a dick, and he had just made a big mistake betraying her.

---

"Sit down, Johnny."

John bristled. "It's John," he said as he sat in a chair in front of the Mother Superior's desk.

"John." The old woman, in her penguin suit, sat behind her desk and judged him. "Allison is being discharged right now, in disgrace. Did she make you do that with her?"

He looked embarrassed. "She said she was trying to save me."

"Hmp. She was a promising novitiate...this was very strange and unexpected. I wonder if Satan himself was involved." She narrowed her gaze at him. He gulped. After a moment she relented. "Well, luckily for you, a family is looking to adopt a child, even one in their teens. I'll be selecting you for that, John, so whatever happened, it's best to keep your mouth shut, hmm?"

"Oww..." John moaned. His stomach hurt. When he looked up, the Mother Superior was gone and her office was hazy and insubstantial.

He heard a woman's voice, far away. "There...now you leave him be, Faith...the man needs rest, to heal."

"Yes?" the Mother Superior queried him, suddenly back at her desk, and he felt the full import of her gaze.

He gulped and nodded.

---

The other women had been removed from JJ's room, but Carmen had been forced to remain. She lay down on the far side of the bed and kept an eye on the boy.

"Relax, I don't take advantage of women who don't want me," he said.

She sat up. "You think that you're not taking advantage of them? Your pheromones turn off their brains, or something. It's like they're drunk, or drugged!"

"I..." JJ thought about it for a moment. It had all started with women just throwing themselves at him, so he just assumed that they were in their right mind. When he found out from his dad how it actually worked, he hadn't really adjusted his thinking much. Handsome, sexy men had an advantage over his plain features and skinny body, so he had just been leveling the playing field, he reasoned. It was like being unattractive but rich or famous; you're still sexy because you have power.

Carmen gave him a level look. "JJ, do you actually think you're the hero in this story?"

"This...isn't a story, Sandoval! It's my life...my Mom's life! Do you even care that my sister and stepdad were hurt?"

JJ's eyes were piercing into hers, and she was forced to look away. She wasn't the hero either, she realized, not with how she had compromised her principles. "I do care, JJ, but you and John were hurting people too." She paused. "You said you didn't know where he was...was that the truth?"

He lay back. "I wouldn't tell you, even if I knew."

Eventually, Renette came to take Carmen to join the other captives. As the athletic brown-haired French woman closed JJ's door, her pistol trained on Sandoval, she gave a sniffle. "You are une belle femme, Carmen...have you ever been with a woman?"

Carmen looked at Renette closely. She recognized the effect of JJ's and John's pheromones due to what had happened to her fellow agents after they had captured John all those weeks ago. But Jean had said that Renette was a lesbian.

Then she realized: it didn't matter. The pheromones made women horny, even lesbians. "I could be convinced, Renette," she responded, making sure the French woman noticed Carmen checking out her tight body.

Renette blinked and shook her head. "No, I get carried away. Je suis bête. Move."

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)