Sally Goes To A Photo Shoot
by Affable Oldster

5

The visit required a drive out into the countryside. A long black limousine pulled up in front of the studio building, and a chauffeur helped Sally, still in a filmy dress from the photo shoot, into the back seat alongside Griff. An hour later they were on a narrow gravel road through a mixed forest, a road that seemed to climb upwards with each twist and turn.

Eventually the vehicle emerged into a clearing near the crest of a ridge. Nestled against the trees was an old brick mansion with a large porch that wrapped itself around two sides of the building. Some old sheds and a large barn stood off to the side near a trail that led further up the ridge. As the limo pulled up, the front door opened, and a handsome black man of middle age came to greet them.

“You must be Sally,” he said as he pulled her from the car and embraced her, grabbing her buttocks with both hands and fondling freely. She was impressed with his cologne and expensive suit, and she was about to ask “Who are you?” when a ball gag was pushed between her teeth. Reading her thoughts, he said “Nathaniel” in a not unkind way. Then he was all business.

“Inside” came his curt command to the others, and Sally found herself lifted off the ground, carried through the front door, and propelled into a large room off the front hallway. It was in fact an old fashioned living room from the Georgian period, originally two smaller rooms made into one larger one. It featured an oriental rug, overstuffed furniture, and mirrors on the walls.

Seated in a large chair was a portly black man in a three-piece suit with a gold watch chain on his vest. Sammy owned a chain of lumberyards and provided wood and hardware for the bondage furniture and sets in the studio where Sally had been stripped and fucked during the photo shoots. His caterpillar moustache quivered over a diabolical smile as he assessed Sally’s obvious assets and concluded his cock would definitely need some action in her tonight.

Opposite him sat a short black man of middle age, lean and wiry like a boxer. Harry’s striped suit and flamboyant tie announced him as the successful car dealer he was, owner of fourteen dealerships and negotiating for the fifteenth, and his full sensuous lips announced him as the lecher he also was. He was reviewing a contract when Sally entered but rose immediately and embraced her, holding her tight as he danced across the floor with her, smelling her fragrance and feeling her breasts tight against his chest. “Ho ho” he chortled as he handed her back to the host, the handsome black man in jeans and a half zip who had propelled her into the house. He pushed down on her shoulder to make her sit on the couch. The other two took up positions on either side of her while Griff unloaded a camera bag.

Pacing slowly back and forth, Nathaniel said, “Sally, we have paid for your services. A very large amount of money has now been transferred into your personal account. We will not leave scars or other damage on your body, and we will fuck you. We know you have no birth control at the moment, and that suits our purpose. We want to breed you.”

It struck Sally like a thunderclap. A black baby? Impossible! Andy would never allow a black baby in his house.

The man read her thoughts. “We will all breed you tonight, some of us more than once. If you get pregnant, we will look after the child. We have the best foster parents already chosen and money settled on the child for education and health. We won’t even test for paternity. It’s enough to know it will be a child of our group, and our group will see to its future. We can work out visiting arrangements if you want to be part of the child’s life.” Sally doubted this would happen, but it was reassuring to know she had an option.

Nathaniel really wanted Sally now. She could smell it on him, the way he looked her up and down as he spoke and narrowed his eyes as they landed full on her full breasts and womanly hips. It would be full sexual intercourse, she knew. He would not be stopped now from having his way with her.

He methodically removed his clothing and pushed Sally gently onto her back while the car salesman grabbed her ankles and pulled them wide apart over her head. He knelt between her legs, his warm, strong hands always moving over her naked body and his kind, wise eyes fixed on her beautiful face, now bearing a questioning look, as though she wanted to know what he would do next or what he was feeling. As Nathaniel’s poked her cunt experimentally, Sally absently grasped the car salesman’s warm erect cock and stroked itl

She stared down between her breasts and across her heaving belly to her cunt mound that rose gently between her legs, her vulva stretching open and vulnerable between lightly tanned thighs which a stranger now held obscenely wide apart. Nathaniel’s cock that was poised above her cunt mound seemed to vibrate with desire, bobbing up and down, eager to be inside her vagina. With slow deliberation, still fixing her with his firm, kind glaze, the handsome black man knelt between her legs as if worshipping at an altar, pausing to contemplate her pussy with a kaleidoscope of emotions playing on his brown face. Sally was hypnotized. She saw desire in his eyes, and passion, and admiration for her beauty and glowing health, and regret that this evening of breeding her would not last forever.

Then he drove his hips forward and pierced the entrance to her cunt with his long, black cock. “Aaaaahh,” she screeched and then “Ohhhh” as the air was knocked out of her lungs by his hard thrust to the hilt into her pussy.

Their fucking was long and lusty, with much grinding together of torsos and grunting as the sexual energy built in their bodies. The other black gentlemen sitting opposite had a good view of the sex machine in operation. Griff and Joey, one of the camera crew, set up cameras in the ornately furnished living room and began recording the action.

Sally only had eyes for Nathaniel. Everything about him thrilled her, as if she were living out a dark fantasy that had lurked in her female mind for years but never acknowledged until now. His sweet dusky odour and muscular arms and thighs filled her senses. The banging of his pubic mound against her clitoris sent thrilling shots of sexual electricity throughout her loins. But his penis! The stories must be true. Its length and girth filled her up as never before and became a raging ferret running up and down the length of her vagina to drive her arousal to new heights.

Nathaniel’s strokes speeded up and then he stopped, holding his cock as deep as he could in Sally’s cunt, his head thrown back and his breathing quick. His cock was spurting his life giving seed into Sally’s unprotected cunt while Sally’s legs shook with another orgasm. She could actually feel his penis shooting its gobs of semen at the dimple in her cervix, and it made her tingle all over.


6

Harry had a bird’s eye view of Sally’s first breeding, and it made him hot. As the two on the couch relaxed for a moment, he stripped, sat down beside Sally, and pulled her onto his lap and his erect penis. For a short wiry man, Harry’s cock was a monster, and he took no pains to ensure Sally’s pleasure as he rocked her back and forth on his lap while the cameras did close ups of her pussy lips clutching at his prick. “This is still a photo shoot” Sally thought to herself, realizing only now that Griff probably had this whole day planned and had manipulated her into this final session, being bred by black men.

Harry was a sexual athlete and determined to show off Sally in all the sex positions he liked. From the cowgirl on his lap, he turned her around into a reverse cowgirl and embraced her tightly so the camera at a low angle could see her freshly shaved cunt full of his long black manhood. It surged up into the clutch of her coral labia, framed between her long graceful legs. Her breasts heaved with the exertion of bouncing up and down on his cock, and he turned her face toward his for a deep tongue kiss.

Then Harry slid down on his side behind Sally and pulled her right leg up to rest on the back of the couch. Her cunt thus exposed, he slid the pink arrow head of his cock back into the warm, wet confines of Sally’s pussy and resumed vigorous thrusting. Nathaniel and Sammy loved it as the ageless act of love and lust unfolded once more in front of them. They never tired of it. The convulsions of the penis as it delivered its load of cum inside Sally’s pussy.

Harry finished off Sally in the missionary position, still exploring her mouth with his tongue and pounding his cock harder and faster and deeper into her cunt. His long black scrotum banged against Sally’s asshole with each thrust. “Ooohhhhhh. Aahhhhhh. Mmmmmphf” she moaned as she reached another climax. She felt Harry’s cum shoot from his penis into her vagina with all the little black swimmers in his semen eager to fight their way into her womb, and her mind went blank. A massive orgasm shook her torso and her eyes rolled back in her head. “Aaaaaggghhh. Huh huh huh …. aaaaahhh” she cried and then sobbed “Oh oh ooh” as Harry withdrew his penis and rolled off her.

Sammy had a sense of occasion, and took his time removing his expensive suit and underwear, rising from his chair and stepping slowly towards Sally on the sofa, his long black cock with its massive mushroom head waggling between his plump brown thighs and sticking straight out and up beyond his large belly to announce to her its intention of invading her intimate body.

Leaning across her body, he retrieved a broad leather strap from an umbrella stand beside the sofa. He pulled her down onto the plush oriental rug and flipped her onto her hands and knees. He rubbed the broad pink head of his cock up and down her pussy slit now peeking at him between her ample buttocks and inserted it firmly with a grunt of satisfaction. Then he picked up the strap.

Sammy’s career in the lumber business had not been easy. Many barriers had to be overcome before he found himself in control, able to create circumstances to suit himself. A third wife and selfish daughters had brought him to see at least some women as needing punishment. He began to mock Sally as laid the first red stripe across her left buttock. “So you’ve let yourself be bred by black cocks, you slut. So naive. So easily led on.”

Sally was furious at this suggestion, but the strap continued to bite into her ass as Sammy’s cock continued its plundering of her vagina, now very moist and oozing with two men’s cum that formed a white froth on the black shaft of his cock. He dropped the strap and leaned forward to grab her breasts, slapping them and pinching the nipples, first one breast and then the other. His hand slipped from her breast to her clitoris which drove her heart rate higher and higher as her body responded.

“Griff” he called over. “Get your cock into her mouth. Let her taste your cock before you bang her. That’s OK, isn’t it, Nathaniel? Griff is a member of our group.” Nathaniel nodded and said to Griff, “You know you can invite one guest to a breeding with my approval. I assume that will be Joey. He has the biggest blackest cock of all of us.”

They all laughed, except Sally. Griff nodded. “Yeah. Joey and I are getting really hot watching you all filling Sally’s sweet pussy full of cum. So we’re going to have her right on the carpet so she can feel our cocks pounding her ass into the hard floor and feel us cumming inside her pussy and adding our own seed to the mix of sperm in her cunt.”

Nathaniel nodded his approval, and so it was. After a few more strokes with the strap on her ass, Sammy’s running cock in Sally’s cunt exploded with semen that leaked past his cock shaft and down her pussy to drip on the carpet. Griff followed suit with another load, and Joey flipped her onto her back to give her his essence in the traditional missionary position. By now, her numbed mind was a haze, wondering who would fuck her next and in what positions. She hoped the others would forget about the cane. They did. The breeding was enjoyable enough.

Sally lay exhausted on the floor. The others wearily climbed back into their clothes and found a thick furry robe to put around Sally’s shoulders as they led her back to the limousine. She slept on the drive home.


Epilogue

Two years later, Sally was relaxing on a summer beach, nude, after a vigorous swim. Close by where she left the beach blanket and picnic basket, a little boy ran nude across the sand, laughing and giggling as he chased the gulls. Sally thought back to how it had all worked out for her in the end, how she had agreed to do unthinkable things in front of a camera, “just to get started” in the business.

The photo shoot, after all, had paid well. Griff put her in touch with other producers, so she had built a lucrative career in nude modelling. She was very happy and still saw her son on these occasional visits, the boy’s foster parents hovering in the background. In fact, she had called Griff and asked about another black breeding session.