With her son's 18th birthday only two days away, Meredith Bell succumbed to a rare moment of nostalgia, pulling the sacrificial dagger from the safe in her wardrobe room. It was one of many tools needed to finish the ritual back on that rainy evening in March 2003. On that date, she summoned a demon, whose true name in closest English translation would be "Asmodeus". The demon performed a finishing rite of his own by seeding her womb with a son after the most intense bout of sex Meredith ever experienced. Her sex writhed with the recollection of carnal delights she hadn't experienced since.
The dagger didn't look like much, appearing as nothing more than a jagged knife, but a useful tool if you had to cut out your husband's heart before his hard cock went flaccid inside you. Demon summoning rituals had strict rules.
Meredith failed to recall what he looked like almost 19 years ago, but her body remembered with vivid clarity how he felt inside her. The demon's tongue fondled her desirable amazonian-like body, invading every nook and cranny, mercilessly teasing, replaced by a cock that was beyond her imaginings. It had to be a foot long, covered in what looked like black tattoos. Wet and ready was an obscene understatement describing her pussy before it got impaled. Prepared as she was, when Asmodeus hilted his demonic cock into her sodden cunt, the pain was more intense than childbirth. The demon bit her so she didn't black out. Meredith lost track of time, but eventually pain gave way to pleasure, every bit as intense. As Asmodeus rearranged her insides with his disgustingly large demonic rod, he taught her how to use the Dialect to control a human's mind.
"This Gift you will lose should you fail to keep your end of the Bargain. You will serve as Broodmare to me. A son you shall have 9 months hence to suckle at your cow teats, growing strong under your parentage. Upon his eighteenth year of escaping your corrupted womb, should he remain a virgin, The Dialect will be yours for All Time."
The brutal fucking she received at the hands of Asmodeus marked her in more ways than one. Meredith was marked with an ornate womb tattoo millimeters from her pubic mound. Either the tattoo or the harsh fucking had burned her bush away entirely, taking it months to grow back. It was the last time she had sex until the day after she gave birth. Lucas, her youngest son, a demonic half- breed. The womb tattoo disappeared a few weeks after she gave birth. With the Dialect, wealth and power became easy acquisitions for Meredith. By some miracle, she was only two days away from her goal. After that, The Dialect and all the power it brought would be forever hers. After Lucas's birth, Meredith's libido waned. The only thing that made her wet were displays of power. If she saw a dictator flex, she'd have to masturbate. She would bring men to sporting events, having extremely satisfying sex while getting off on the athletic displays. She frequented both blood sports and fight clubs for years before becoming disenchanted. Now, the prospect of mind controlling her son into being her concubine kick started her libido, reminding her of the feral rutting she'd received. Her pussy ached with need as she silently hoped the son took after the father.
It hadn't been easy keeping Lucas Bell celibate. She used drugs to inhibit hormonal levels to stall his puberty, but on his 15th birthday in 2018, things took a turn. Meredith had to use the Dialect on all her children that night, or else Lucinda and Rana would have had sex with their younger brother.
Lucas was another matter entirely. The older he grew, the more resistant to the Dialect he became, obviously because of his lineage. He was naturally resistant to the elements, like cold and fire.
Yet secretly, looking at the dagger, she remembered how it felt to submit to another's will. Her hands began exploring her tall 5'11" hourglass figure, moving under her skirt...
Lucas Bell's cellphone woke him. Bleary-eyed, he rolled over to grab it.
"Morning, Rana."
"Morning Sunshine!" her cheerful voice greeted him.
"Sis, you know I love you, but why have you called me at the ass-crack of dawn?" He looked out his full-length window at the orange light of the sun glinting off the waves in the bay.
"With just two more days until your 18th birthday, I wanted to give you the good news!"
"What good news? Has mom decided not to meddle in my life?"
"C'mon Luke, try to be positive! I just found out I'll be coming home the day before your birthday! I wanted to make it special this year, and I wanted to see if you had anything planned."
"Um, let me check, sis. I checked with my pals Jack and Shit, neither one of them will show because of motherference. I appreciate you wanting to plan something, but I think it would just rock if you and I stayed up late and watched movies, like we used to."
Rana's voice had a sing-song quality as she said, "We'll end up doing that anyway, silly! I wanted to make your birthday extra special this year, so I have a surprise."
"Surprise?" Luke's interest was piqued.
"Uh huh," his sister said teasingly.
"Can I guess what it is?"
"No sir, you may not."
Luke was suddenly aware of his morning wood. It was enormous and talking to Rana wasn't helping matters. He grabbed his cock with one hand and began stroked his massive hard-on.
"I love the fact you're coming home early, Rana. Haven't seen you since Thanksgiving."
"I know, right?! This Christmas is going to be so fun. How's mom?"
"Good, I guess. For a change, she's looking forward to the Holidays," Lucas said. "We actually had dinner together the other night."
"Jinkies, sounds like you're almost getting along. That sounds great!"
Lucas wanted to ask Rana about Lucinda, but something stopped him. He couldn't put a finger on what that was.
"Hope you're making friends on your end, Rana! How's things at the All-Girl school?" He asked, teasing her.
"It's the Pleasant Hill University for Women," Rana said defensively. "I've made a couple of friends."
"Two more than I have," Luke said. "Hey Rana, I have to go. Gotta go to the bathroom. See you tomorrow!"
"Bye, love you Luke!"
"Love you back, Rana!"
Luke continued fisting his ten-inch monster, cumming only minutes after the call. Something about Rana really did it for him. As he cleaned himself up, he took stock of the situation. Since turning fifteen, he realized he was handsome. His romantic prospects always looked good until his mother intervened. It didn't matter who they were, they would just no longer have an interest. One of his girlfriends joined a convent! Luke couldn't prove it and it seemed farfetched, but he suspected his mother of being complicit in his girlfriend's loss of interest.
As a result, Luke had become an accomplished fapmaster. His spank bank material was primarily porn images and fantasies about his sisters, sometimes even his mother.
Lucy, the oldest of the siblings at age 21, was the youngest in terms of emotional maturity. Impulsive and stubborn, she flew into a tantrum at the drop of a hat. She looked a lot like a younger version of mom. She traveled the world when she wasn't attending college, and if he ever wanted to know what she was up to, he just went on to social media. She was always getting into trouble. The sex cult had been the latest dust-up. Lucy was an hourglass figure, tall and constantly wore ponytails. Lucas's favorite was the double pigtails. Doing Lucy from behind while using those pigtails as handlebars.
Rana was 19, and easily the most mature. Shorter than everyone at 5'4", she was your classic introverted nerd, except she had mom's genes so she was massively cute. The thing that made Rana so damn attractive was how submissive she was. He imagined bending her over the railing on the deck outside, sinking his hard shaft into her buttery crease. Exploring her velvety depths, he imagined her calling his name softly between moans. Before finishing inside her, she begged him to own her. Lucas never tired of that fantasy.
From her home office, Meredith saw the light of the morning sun reflect off the waves of the Atlantic ocean, the lazy palm trees swaying in the light breeze. One of her neighbors para-sailed in the bay, a rich, handsome, single man. Meredith was a keyboard push or a call away from finding out anything about anybody. If someone popped into either her life or any of her children, she could always meet with them in person and find out their innermost secrets.
She worked in one of the many rooms inside the 10.5-million-dollar beachfront home. The previous owner signed over both this deed and a few others, then the rest of his wealth, before finally taking his own life. Her desk had a collage of pictures, the most recent one being a family portrait from last year's Christmas. They were arranged from tallest to shortest. Herself, of course, at 5'11. Lucinda stood at 5'9, one inch taller than Lucas at 5'8. Finally, Rana stood at 5'4. If foolish optimism added to height, she'd be eight feet tall. Meredith checked her multimedia station for status updates of her three children. Every morning it was the same-detailed accounts of their activities, coded in green, yellow, and red.
Meredith opened an audio file of an eavesdropped phone conversation between Lucinda and Rana and began listening.
"How ya doin', Rana?"
"You know me, Lucy. Keeping the home fires burning."
"Oh? Burn it all down if you're there. Starting with the Momster."
Meredith always winced at Lucy's derogatory insults, no matter how many times she'd eavesdropped on them.
Rana sighed. "Speaking of burning, I wanted to confirm you were coming in for Luke's birthday next week."
"Oh god, I totally forgot. I won't be able to come," Lucy said, tension in her voice.
"You promised, Lucy. Don't be mean."
"Luke wouldn't want me there, neither would mom."
"That's not true!"
"Um, it totally is, Rana. Luke hates me and mom only wants me there so she could insert a behavior modification chip into me."
"Lucy, you're the oldest, Luke is the youngest. You need to settle whatever feud you have with each other."
"Fuck that, Rana! Luke started it!"
"Started what, exactly? Tell me how this whole thing started, because I can tell you, Luke can't remember and I bet you can't either."
Meredith sniffed in mild annoyance. Her mind control abilities didn't work the same on her children as it had with others.
"Rana, does Luke know you want to fuck him?"
Little sister spluttered, making Lucy giggle madly.
"No, I don't... he doesn't... I never!"
"You should tell him, he's lived a shuttered life thanks to the Momster. Best tell him now, because I have a feeling once he's old enough to leave he'll leave you there and you'll never see him again."
"Geez, Lucy, you don't have to be so mean." Rana sounded near tears.
"Yikes, I seem to have hit a nerve. Rana, I don't judge. Take me, for example. I'm so fucked up, I joined a sex cult for about six seconds. Don't cry, look-I'm sorry, okay? I'm impulsive. I have no filter."
Rana softly sobbed into her cell.
"Fuck! Ok, Rana, I'll come to Luke's birthday party! Just stop crying for fuck's sake!"
"You mean it?" Rana's soft voice inquired.
"I mean it, Rana. I'll show up. Two nights only and then I'm out. And I get to stay in your dorm instead of the house. I'm not staying under the same roof with Mom and Luke."
"Cool! I have an Uber account, so you can use that to drive around! I have a list of presents you can get for Luke. I sent you a file."
The rest of the call was small talk. Meredith then listened to the morning call from Rana to Lucas. The only other item of note was Rana's newest friend from college. Naryn Meadows was the daughter of Everett Meadows, a wealthy financial manager worth 2.2 million dollars. Photos revealed a tall, fetching dark-skinned woman with an athletic build. Meredith shook her head, realizing why her daughter gravitated towards this woman.
"Weak." She muttered.
Meredith believed the strong dominate the weak. Naryn was tall, athletic, bold, a leader. Rana was both meek and submissive, an attractive target for someone like Naryn. Meredith pulled up her itinerary, mapping out the ideal time and place where she could meet this new girl and discuss her budding friendship with her daughter.
Lucas and Meredith spent the day inside the house, but never in the same room. Since Lucas was home-schooled, he took classes from his laptop, rotating his time between his bedroom and the deck overlooking the bay. Mother and son had even learned to stagger their meals, so they didn't have to eat together, although they spent a few awkward minutes together for dinner.
It wasn't until later that night when she was finishing up a zoom meeting with some clergy that she heard something.
Meredith thought she heard music playing from Lucas's room.
Was it Evanescence? Lord, she remembered that tune...
.... From 2003.
"Lucas?"
She refused to call him Luke. It was an affectation of love and she didn't love him; she never had.
Not bothering to knock, she used her cell to unlock the door. Her house, her rules. He was here so she could keep watch over him, make sure someone didn't deflower him. Son of the Demon.
The light of the moon shone in through the windows, revealing his body. Sinewy, toned, a bit of a four pack in the belly, and the magnificent tent his cock had created in his briefs. His chest rose and fell, his face looked pained.
"Mom," he groaned.
His cock pulsed.
She glided towards him, surprised he dreamed of her. Not that she wasn't beautiful; it should have been Rana or some other tart from his school or porn collection instead of a mother who never loved him.
Just a little peek. A look, a harmless look. It had been eighteen long years.
Gingerly, with dexterous fingers, she touched his cock. Even through the thin fabric, it sent an electric current from her hand to her twitching undercarriage.
The cock pulsed again, nearly making her cum.
When was the last time she'd been this turned on?
... 2003. Sex with the demon.
Meredith was too clumsy or too excited to open the front of his briefs, deciding to just slide them down his knees. Even asleep, Lucas unconsciously raised his hips to help.
When she saw his cock twitching and pulsating, her right eyelid fluttered, and she started salivating. It was a devastatingly majestic sight, thrilling to the core.
Fighting with all her impressive willpower, she stood, intending to walk back out.
"No." she murmured.
His cock pulsed. A dribble of pre-cum oozed from the tip, rolling down the base of his glans like syrup.
"Oh God," Meredith murmured.
She eased her $1000 pajama bottoms off, stepping gracefully out of them as she watched the rivulet of her son's crème roll down the magnificent rod.
Before she knew it, her tongue was on the base of the underside of her son's hard cock. Slowly, her tongue traveled up his cock, meeting the rivulet of cum in the middle, causing a micro-orgasm to shoot through her body when she tasted it. Pleasant spasms caused her to jump as nerves fired that hadn't in years.
With a soft moan, she sucked the tip, feeling it pulsate inside her hot mouth. Her toes curled.
She pulled back again, this time with tears in her eyes.
"Please," she whispered, looking at the cock like it was ordering her to something against her will.
"I can't do this," she pleaded, teeth clenching. Poised to drive her fist into her son's stomach, another pulse from his cock halted her.
After a long, drawn-out sigh, she said, "Okay."
Meredith removed her $1500 pajama top, moving to straddle her son. A pair of pendulous, teardrop shaped breasts swayed gently while she moved into position.
Lucas woke, seeing his mother above him in all her naked glory, mascara running from tears. He looked down, pausing at her gorgeous tits. His eyesight saw his cock gently opening the folds of his mother's labia as she lowered herself down onto him.
With a strangled cry, her mother impaled herself on his shaft.
Lucas moved both hands, gripping where her thighs connected to her ass. The warmth of his mother's molten core made his right leg twitch. The feeling was unreal to him.
"Mom?!" He asked in shock. His mouth hung open in surprise, then desire as Meredith moved back up his shaft, then sank back down again with another cry. The pair held eye contact.
"I hate you, Lucas," she admitted. "I never loved you."
Her words hit him with the same force as her fist. It cut through the unreal confusion of the moment, all the emotions and desires welling up within him.
"Shut up," he said through clenched teeth. The look between the two became part desire, part mutual anger, punctuated by either a groan from him, or a moan from her.
"Always hated you."
"Why are you trying to ruin my life?" He asked, confusion and arousal battling in his head. Arousal was winning.
"Because you're a demon seed."
Lucas had nothing for that. His mother hated him, yet here she was, fucking him like a two-dollar whore. His hands went from trying to stop her to enjoying the feel of his filthy mother. Her areolae were large, housing nipples currently swollen with lust, begging to be pinched. Feeling up his mother's teat while she fucked him with increasing abandon was the highlight of his life. If he was still dreaming, he didn't want to wake up.
"You ruined my life, Demon-seed." She said, around cries of passion.
He'd never been inside a woman before, let alone his mom. Cunt muscles massaged his aching cock, trying to coax his seed into her hungry womb. Their bodies slapped together with increasing wetness, his mother weeping from her buttery crevice. Lucas appreciated the flatness of his mother's belly, thinking her belly button would look sexy if she pierced it.
Her hateful accusations made no sense to him. His only response would be to make her orgasm before him.
He rose into a sitting position, engulfing his mother's breast with his mouth, using both teeth and tongue to coax her stiff nipple to further engorge.
"Lucas, Ugh! Nuuuhh, God!" his mother moaned her approval. When he bit down on her tasty nipple, he felt warmth around his cock, followed by the musky aroma of her sex.
He felt her mother's hand cradle him while he nursed at her teat, her body spasming while she continued ramming her cunt into his cock.
"Here it comes Mother! I'm cumming!" He yelled.
The first jet of sperm painted her vaginal walls, sending jolts through both Lucas, who embraced his mother. She draped herself over him while the two sank to the bed with her on top.
"You tricked me," Meredith sobbed, realizing what she had done while still shivering with lust in the aftershocks of the deepest dicking she'd received in 18 years and 9 months.
"You fucked me, Mom," Lucas said. "It was... awesome."
With a look of all-consuming fear, Meredith rolled off her son onto the floor.
"What did you do?" she asked.
"Mom, what the fuck?" Lucas questioned, confused but now concerned. His mother had completely lost her composure. It was something he'd never seen before.
"What DID YOU DO?" she screamed.
Lucas realized she wasn't looking at him.
Suddenly, a man appeared at the door to his room.
"Looks like you just fucked your son a tad prematurely. You may have broken a couple of laws, but I think Lucas wanted it so you should be cool. Isn't that right, son?"
The scent of rotten eggs assailed Lucas. He rolled over, looking for his waste bucket. His mother wretched while trying to put her pajamas on.
"Oh, it's tough to look dignified when your son's cum is running down your thigh, isn't it?" the man asked rhetorically.  
"Who the fuck are you? Mom, who is this guy?" Lucas asked, his voice loud. His mother looked like she was almost gone.
"I'm an old friend of your mom's, son. It's time for you and me to have a heart to heart. Clothing optional, no judgement," the mysterious man said. He wore an impeccably tailored blue Italian suit, complete with blood red tie. He looked like an extra from out of the Lucifer TV show. Lucinda loved that show.
"You can call me Odie," he said.
Moments later, the trio were in the kitchen downstairs.
"What you need to know, and Meredith, correct me if I'm wrong," Odie said, "is you and I are related by blood. I'm your dad, Lucas. I'll let it sink in. if you feel the urge to hug me, I'd prefer you didn't."
Lucas didn't trust Odie, but something was off. Taking stock of a galactically fucked up situation, he woke up in time to get fucked by his mother. She told him several mean things, then had what looked like a psychotic break. He sensed the reason she was inconsolable was tied to the sex, but there was something else.
"See, Meredith and I had a deal. She becomes one of the most powerful people in the world, able to control people through demonic speech, and I get a son. I can see you'll need believing, so let me do this."
Suddenly, he was in front of Lucas, hand on his shoulder, gently squeezing.
"Ask Meredith about your fifteenth birthday."
"No Asmodeus, please don't-"
"-Shush, Meredith. The Dialect is no longer known to you. Thanks to your libido, it now belongs to my son. Ask her about your fifteenth birthday."
Lucas looked at his mother. She was still beautiful, but her air of command, that forceful presence, was gone. She'd been deflated. He realized he couldn't recall his fifteenth birthday party even though it was three years ago.
"Mother, what happened on my fifteenth birthday?" he asked.
Lucas got his mind blown when he realized he was asking her using another language.
"Your demonic powers manifested that day. You tried corrupting both my daughters into having sexual relations with you, but I stopped them with the Dialect. I tried to get them both to hate you, but it didn't take. No matter how much I tried, Rana never did. Best I could do was get Lucy and you to dislike each other. I probably couldn't do it because of either yours or Asmodeus's influence."
"Please, bitch," Odie said, "I go by 'Odie' these days. I suppose you could call me 'Modi' if you chose, but fuck you, call me Odie."
Lucas had his mind blown yet again by the admission.
"You tried to use mind control on my sisters to get them to hate me?"
"Yes."
"And deliberately meddled in my life to keep me from having sex."
"That is true."
"What were you planning on doing with me after my birthday?"
"Fucking you. I was going to fuck you to see if you were like Odie."
Odie chuckled. Lucas was deadly serious.
"And if I wasn't?"
"I thought they would take you down to Hell."
Odie tsked. "Wrong again. Luke, I can see you're upset, but there's a silver lining here. Guess what it is."
Still upset, Luke shot Odie a curious look.
"Order your mom to suck your dick."
Lucas looked at Odie, then at his mom.
"Mother. Get over here and suck my cock."
For Meredith, when her son used the Dialect on her it almost made her cum. It touched on something primal as he invaded her mind. Nothing else in the world mattered to her other than sucking her son's cock. It sent shivers down her spine.
With a shudder of desire, she kneeled, took off his shorts, produced his cock, which was at half-mast. His mother took care of that quickly by taking him into her mouth.
"Aaaahhhh, Mom, that feels good!"
She responded by saying, "Mmmmm! Mmmmmm!"
Lucas wanted to hurt his mother, but realized he could just own her.
"Mom, we have a lot of wasted time to make up for. All those years you hated me? Well, now you're going to serve me. You are going to be my slave and I will be your master. I'll make you a slave for a probationary period, let's call it 3 years. If you're nice, you might get time off for good behavior. Stop sucking my cock and respond to what I just said."
Meredith was overwhelmed on several fronts. Her son was ordering her into service, which she found hot. Next, power moves made her wet, and this was a definite flex. Three, she hadn't submitted for years. It was like finding something that was lost. She felt degraded, out of control... and she wanted more.
With a slurping pop, she released his diamond hard erection, her lips immediately missing the feel of his meaty prick. She licked her lips, reveling in the taste.
"Yes, Master."
"Whatever," Odie said. "My work here is done. Do me a huge favor and fuck a baby into as many women as you can. Corrupt the fucking gene pool, starting with your sisters. They've been dying to fuck you. Bon appétit. I'll show myself out."
With that, Odie left.
"Hear that mother? You and I are going to plan my birthday party and you're going to do exactly as I say."
"I will, Master."
"Get back to doing what you do best and suck my cock, Slave."
"Thank you, Master."