Three months later...

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

A Waste, Chapter 3 (MF, blackmail, cons, inc, interr, impreg, safe)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

All characters are 18 years and older.

---

Roxy couldn't believe the double-lined pregnancy test in her hand, but it was really just a formality by that point. She hadn't had a period in three months, her clothes were getting tight, and she had finally gone to see a doctor about it, hoping against hope that it wasn't some sort of cancer. Naturally, the first thing the doctor did was test her for pregnancy and it had come back positive!

But she hadn't had a boyfriend since before summer began, and that had been 6 months ago! There was no way that she could be pregnant! She had purchased an over-the-counter test on the way back to the university dorms, but it stoically agreed with the doctor's assessment: somehow, she was pregnant.

The timing lined up with her 'farewell' orgy, and the only man at the party had been her father. She had been knocked out by the tainted pot brownies her friend Zara's brother provided, but she knew that her father would never have taken advantage of her like that! And yet, it seemed that he had.

'Hi, Dad, did you fuck me when I was unconscious?' wasn't something she wanted to ask the man who had been her stalwart protector for her entire life. She wondered if maybe she had accidentally sat in the wet spot after he had fucked her friend Mia on the couch. That was the only thing that made sense, as unlikely as it seemed. She caressed her slightly rounded tummy and thought about her father's sperm, how it must have worked so hard to soak into her bikini bottoms, slip inside her vagina, and finally swim all the way to her egg. It was a near impossibility...what incredibly bad luck!

Because she had waited so long to get her missing period checked, she was now past the date where she could get an abortion. She was going to have to give birth to her own father's baby!

---

Travis Bell got up from his nap and stretched, noting that his stomach was a little larger than he liked it. He'd have to work on that, especially since he had a date that night. He'd been out at the grocery store and chatted up an attractive dark-haired Latina who seemed familiar but he couldn't place her, even after she told him her name was Bianca. After it somehow came up in conversation that her husband had left her some time ago, just like his wife, he had asked her out to coffee. A walk around the local park had led to a quick kiss, and then another, more formal date. That had ended with some heavy petting in the back of his truck and tonight he was going to her place for dinner and to meet her daughter.

"Mr. Bell?"

"Oh...you know him?" Bianca asked the young woman who stared at Travis with big eyes.

He realized that this was... "Harmony! Good to see you again." She was one of his daughter's friends, looking so much like a younger version of her mother with C-cup breasts and wide hips, though her hair and skin was a little lighter, no doubt due to her father's genetic influence. "Been a while."

"Um, yeah." She had trouble meeting his gaze. "I didn't realize you were the 'Travis' my Mom was going on about."

He turned to Bianca and gave her a winning grin. "You 'go on' about me?"

Bianca blushed. "I don't! Well, not much...oh, shut up!" She jokingly commanded the two of them. "Harmony, please help me in the kitchen."

After a nice cabbage roll dinner, Bianca asked Harmony to hang out in her room while she and Travis cuddled on the couch. Soon, cuddling turned to caressing, which soon enough turned to her straddling him while rubbing their crotches together.

"Please tell me you brought condoms," she asked him breathily while he nibbled on her pronounced nipples through her bra.

"I brought one, yeah."

She sat back. "You just assumed you'd be getting some tonight, mister?"

He looked at her, wide-eyed. "I, uh, hoped...?"

She softened her gaze and continued grinding upon him. "I'm kidding. The real question is, why did you bring only one?" She dismounted, strode across the living room, and looked back at him sultrily. "Shall we adjourn to the bedroom?"

Bianca had been pleasantly surprised by the size of Travis' member, and made him enter her slowly. Once they got comfortable, he was able to hold off for a good twenty minutes before he filled the prophylactic up with a sizable load. He hadn't been with anyone since his daughter's going-away party three months previous.

"Oh my fucking God," Bianca moaned as she lay there, "between the size of that thing and all the orgasms you just gave me, I'm not up for a round two. I'm sorry, Travis." She tried caressing his cheek but didn't seem to have the strength to lift her hand.

"It's okay," he told her. "Gonna hit the head..." He pulled his boxers on and padded out of the room.

As he was returning from the bathroom, he heard a psst from down the hall. Harmony was poking her head out of what must have been her room and beckoned him closer. He tentatively approached. "What's up?" he whispered.

She opened her door and directed him in. Frowning, he stepped in, noting that she was wearing a long sleep shirt that barely covered her thighs, but he didn't let her close the door. "Whatever you want to talk about, I'm not getting caught in a closed room with my girlfriend's daughter, Harmony. What's going on?"

She made a sour face. "Girlfriend," she muttered. "I think I'm jealous, Mr. Bell."

He frowned again, confused. "Jealous? What?"

She stepped close, making him back up into the wall next to her doorway, and then took his hands in hers, directing them to her hips and making sure he had a good grip. "Now do you remember?"

He did...the girl that had fucked him so many times that summer while he couldn't see or hear, and loved him holding her flared hips as he filled her up with his sperm. "Oh shit! Harmony..."

"I didn't want you to know it was me because I was sticking around town to work in my Mom's shop, otherwise I would have stayed for Roxy's afterparty. I heard it was a little nuts." She tickled his through his boxers.

"Ah...we can't do this, Harmony," he said, pulling his hands back and sashaying toward the open door. "I'm with your mom now."

She grimaced. "Mom knows Roxy's last name is Bell...I'm pretty sure she knew your first name, too, before meeting you. Your random meeting probably wasn't so random, y'know."

Travis' mind whirled. "Uh..."

She stepped forward again, this time grabbing his hips. "Like manipulative mother, like daughter, I guess. Here's the deal: after you fuck my Mom and she falls asleep, you come to my room, otherwise she finds out about what we did this summer. I know this is a lot to process, so we'll start next time you stay over." She let him go and he stepped back into the hallway.

"Harmony..."

"It's up to you, Mr. Bell." Then she closed her door.

---

The next night, Harmony couldn't help but listen as Mr. Bell made her mother cum again and again. She masturbated but couldn't finish, worried about whether he would accept her deal. Sure enough, about a half-hour later he slipped into her room.

"Is my Mom's pussy as nice as mine, Mr. Bell?" she asked him.

"I'll need a refresher for comparison," he replied as he pulled his boxers off and joined her on the queen-size bed.

In the dim light she saw that his long dong was fully erect and ready for her. He moved his face between her legs but she stopped him. "I'm already...um, ready."

"Oh, okay." He fisted his cock and directed the head to her wet hole, easily slipping the tip inside.

"Ohshiiit..." she moaned. She hadn't had sex for three months, not since the last time with him, she'd been so busy working.

Travis pulled out and dipped his cock back inside, getting almost half of his 8+ inches inside the daughter of his girlfriend before he reared back and reached up to grope at her C-cups. Then he thrust back into her, hard.

"Nngkk!" she stifled her cry from the combination of pain and pleasure that magnificent cock was giving her. She had to be quiet or her mother might wake up and catch them.

Then he was ramming into her, the tip of his cock tapping at her cervix. She loved that feeling and knew that it would eventually give her one of those 'deep orgasms' she'd never had before him. "Well? Am I...ohh...better than her?"

"You're different," Travis responded before pulling out and making her gasp. Then he turned her over, pulled her hips back and up, and shoved his hard member back inside her. "Haven't finished comparing yet."

"Ohhggkk..." she moaned, biting down on her pillow to stifle her mewling as she came. It wasn't one of those deep ones yet, but she could feel it building. Still, the orgasm lasted a good twenty seconds while her mother's boyfriend continued to plunder her youthful body.

She could feel the deep orgasm building up inside her and then heard Mr. Bell grunting as his thrusting increased in tempo, signaling his own oncoming release. Her eyes widened as she realized that she had forgotten something. "You have to..."

"Shh!" he hissed, shoving her face into her pillow. "You'll wake her up." His thrusting was reaching a fever pitch.

"NNH!" she cried out into her pillow, unable to extricate herself as the man took her. "PLLT!"

"UHH!" he cried out and thrust as deeply as possible inside her as he came.

She felt the tip of his cock spear into her cervix, hard, before inundating the entrance to her womb with hot sperm, causing the deep orgasm she'd been chasing to finally arrive. "UHHNNGGH! OHHGDD! NHH!" she screamed into her pillow as she felt the virile older man inseminate her. She felt his manhood throb again and again, causing her own orgasm to extend. Her cervix spasmed in pleasure and she could have sworn she could feel it as his seed penetrated her most personal, private place.

Then it was done and he pulled out. She flipped onto her back, taking huge breaths. "Fuck...I'm not on birth control anymore!" she revealed.

"What?! But this summer..."

"I was then! It was causing some weight gain, and since we weren't fucking anymore I stopped. Didn't even think about it until the last minute, and then..." she looked at her pillow.

"Oh shit. I'm sorry, Harmony, I didn't even think...are you safe today?"

She counted in her head, and then again. "Um, no."

He sat down and grabbed his head. "Fuck! Fuckity fuck fuck..."

"Shh! You'll wake Mom."

"I'll...I'll take you for a morning after pill tomorrow."

"No, you won't."

"What?!"

She sat next to him. "Mom's pro-life and it's one of the few things we agree on. I'm sorry if you don't."

He put his strong arm around her. "Whatever happens, happens," he confirmed, "but you're gonna explain it to your mom if it does."

She nodded and leaned her head into his shoulder.

---

The next night, Travis convinced Bianca to stay over at his place.

*Don't do that* Harmony texted him that night. *If she gets u so do I*

The next night, he was back in Harmony's room, this time with an extra condom. Though the lubrication helped, it just didn't feel right, so she dismounted, pulled it off, and then climbed back on top of him.

"Harmony..."

"Shh!" she shushed him. "Just pull out." Then she began to ride him again. "Yes, much better..." she moaned, feeling an orgasm already blooming inside her.

After she came, Travis moved them into the doggie position and fucked her hard from behind. Within a few minutes, he felt his own orgasm rising and pulled out before painting the girl's rounded buttocks with his seed.

"Ohh, I was almost there..." she whined.

"You want me to go down on you?"

"Umm, yes please."

It took a few minutes, but he was able to bring her off with his fingers and tongue. It still wasn't one of those deep orgasms she loved, though.

---

The next night, Travis made them the spaghetti and meatballs recipe he and his daughter loved, and also washed the dishes.

"You trying to get on my good side?" Bianca asked him. "You're already there."

"Naw, I just like doing nice things for you," he replied with a smile.

That night, after he had sex with Bianca and then slipped into Harmony's room, he had to wake the girl, as she had fallen asleep while waiting. The young woman rode him leisurely, kissing him deeply until she came. Then she rolled onto her back and he slipped inside her again. Unlike before, they made love instead of fucking. He was a bit confused but didn't complain. As he felt her insides grip him in orgasm again, he muttered, "Gotta pull out..."

She locked her legs behind him. "No...cum in me..."

"Harmony..." But he didn't stop.

She took his face in her hands. "Should be safe now, if you didn't already knock me up. We can do it raw until my period comes next, whenever that is." She winked at him.

His answer was to increase the speed of his thrusting. She felt his already sizable member swell. "Yes..."

"Ungh!" he moaned as he blasted her unprotected insides with another large burst of sperm-filled semen.

"Yesss..." she moaned as she came again, one of those deep ones she loved. "Uh, uhh, uhh..." she continued, shaking, her body urging his cock to fill her with even more of his seed.

As she lay there with his cum soaking into her cervix, she told him, "Y'know, if I'm asleep when you get here, I give you permission to wake me up with your cock. I think that'd be really hot." She felt his dwindling member give a little twitch at that.

---

Travis had the next week booked off of work and he spent most of it at Bianca and Harmony's place, satisfying both women each night in a seemingly endless cycle of fucking. One night, he bought some wine coolers and watched The Circle with both women, laughing at the ridiculous antics in the competition show. They let Harmony have a cooler as well.

That night, Travis woke up, realizing in the dark that he must have fallen asleep in Harmony's bed. That wouldn't do, he mused, but then realized that he still had an insistent hard-on. He could hear the teen girl breathing heavily next to him and decided to take her up on her offer. He carefully turned her away from him, raised one of her legs up and away, and then directed his hard cock up and inside of her warm, wet pussy.

"Mm..." he heard her moan, and he adjusted the angle for greater penetration. Grabbing the young woman's flared hips for leverage, he started sawing into her, wanting to finish and get back to Bianca before she noticed his absence. He thought about how much he had cum inside her the last couple of weeks and wondered what the chances were that the girl was actually pregnant.

The thought that he might have impregnated his girlfriend's daughter helped him to reach his orgasm quickly. He buried his face in the back of her neck and grunted as he felt his cum rise from his balls, rush up his sizable shaft, and inject itself forcefully inside her reproductive system.

"Ngh! Ngh!" he heard her gasp as her insides gripped him in orgasm, though she was still sleeping.

*Ding!*

Confused, he turned toward the sound. His phone was on the side table, but he had left that in Bianca's room! He pulled out and grabbed it.

*U coming?* It was from Harmony.

Then he realized that he had fallen asleep in Bianca's bed, and it was her that he had just inseminated in her sleep! "Oh God..." he moaned. Another mistake!

He quickly typed back, *Sorry your mom wanted a round 2. Totally spent now.* And he really was.

A sour face emoji came back.

*Will make it up to you tomorrow* he replied. And he did, filling the sexy 18-year-old up twice the next night before shakily returning to her mother's bed.

---

"Hi, Rox!" Travis gave his daughter a hug before standing back to have a better look at her. She was wearing a bulky sweater, understandable with the colder weather, but he could swear that she had gained weight. Oh, the 'Freshman 15', he realized.

Roxy blushed under her father's scrutiny. She had purposely worn bulky clothes to cover up the changes the pregnancy was making to her body, mostly to her bust line now that she was in her fourth month. "Hi, Dad...sooo...what's new?" She gave him a sweet smile.

He rubbed the back of his neck. "Well, you know how I told you I was dating someone? It's Harmony's mom."

She stared at him. "Uhh...oh."

Travis knew his daughter was thinking of how Harmony had been one of his secret sex club partners during the summer, but she didn't know he knew. "I know...unexpected, right? Just one of those random meetings. Come on in." He picked up her suitcase and brought it to her room.

Roxy texted with Harmony furiously. How did her friend feel about her mother dating her former lover? Fine. Really? Yep...it was just a summer fling, after all. Was Harmony dating anyone these days? Nope, too busy. You? No, busy with school.

No lies, but whole sagas were being kept from each other.

---

Roxy was invited over to Bianca and Harmony's house for Christmas Eve and she slept in Harmony's absent older sister's room while her Dad slept with Bianca. Roxy was surprised at how loud the older couple were while having sex, though they were just on the other side of the wall from her. She could feel her pussy reacting to the sexy sounds and turned on her side, moaning as her now D-cup breasts bobbled about with the movement. Then they were finally done and she sighed in relief, calming her breathing so she could sleep.

She opened her eyes again. She could hear her Dad huffing and groaning again, but this time it wasn't from the other side of the wall, but across the hall! She got up, donned a dressing gown, and carefully slipped into the hallway. She didn't know how long her father had been fucking Harmony that night, but she paused as she heard both him and her friend cry out in mutual orgasm. Roxy just stood there, her mind blown.

"WHAT?!"

Roxy's eyes opened wide. Her father sounded angry. A moment later, Harmony's door opened and she was face-to-face with her cheating father, clad only in boxers. His eyes widened as well. "Rox?"

"How could you?!" she challenged him.

"Right...family meeting!" he yelled out and pushed into Bianca's bedroom. "Wake up, Bee." He flicked on the light.

"Uhh...whazzgoinon?" Bianca sat up and the bedsheets fell away from her fabulous breasts. Roxy stared for a moment before looking away. Harmony was now standing beside her wearing a long t-shirt and looking miserable.

Travis sat on the bed beside Bianca. "Harmony has something to tell you." Her head swiveled to look blearily at her daughter.

Harmony looked at the floor. "Um...I'm pregnant..."

Bianca was suddenly wide awake, and gave the man a smack on his shoulder. "Damnit, Travis!"

Harmony blinked. "Wait...you knew that he and I...?"

"I told her everything the night you tried to blackmail me," he explained. "She said she couldn't keep up with me sexually, so I could go to you afterward and we'd both be happy."

Roxy blinked. "That's...ridiculous."

Bianca threw up her hands. "Harmony's always trying to one-up me...I figured this way she would have a 'secret' to hold over me and I wouldn't have to worry about anything unexpected." She looked up at her daughter. "I thought you were on the pill?"

"Stopped after the Summer...was making me fat."

Bianca sighed. "Pregnancy's going to do more than that...to both of us."

"WHAT?!" That was everyone else.

"Yeah, Travis thought I was you one night and had sex with me without a condom while I was sleeping. Told me afterward, like a true gentleman, but it was too late." She put her hand on his chest with a rueful smile.

"Goddamnit, Dad!" Roxy cried out. "You finally become sexually active again and impregnate three women in four months?"

Travis looked at her, confused. "Three?"

Roxy wrapped her gown around her own changing body. "Um...there was one other from the summer...I wasn't supposed to tell you." She meant herself, but she was still unaware that Opal, her friend who had suddenly moved to Canada, was already seven months pregnant, her own bust expanding so that she would never be considered pear-shaped again.

Travis shook his head. "Wow...I...wow..."

Bianca gave him a hug. "My virile man. Well, we already know you're a good father, judging by Roxy here, so I'm okay with you raising a couple more kids with Harmony and me. How about you?" Travis could only nod his head.

Two surprise siblings for me, Roxy thought to herself before heading back to bed. No, three,  she realized as she caressed her midsection, and somehow also my child as well. She hadn't decided what to do about the baby growing in her stomach yet, but was leaning toward giving birth out of town and giving it up for adoption...it was better to do that than try to explain it to her father. She didn't want to lie, and who would believe the ridiculous truth?

She shook her head. To think, all of this had come from her accidentally walking in on her divorced Dad masturbating. Still, she considered, it *had* been a waste...

---

Krosis' home on the web: https://storiesonline.net/a/krosis-of-the-collective

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com).