Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Mind Control Device Short: Daddy & Daughter Play Naughty Truth or Dare
Summary: After being mind-controlled, a daddy and his daughter play one hot game of truth or dare!
Keywords: Mf ff fsolo Mff mc inc oral creampie voy exhib

Copywrite 2020

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this!

Rosa and Natalie, fifteen-year-old virgins, are shopping with Rosa's father Hector when the mind-control device is activated. Wholesome Foods is about to be despoiled as Dean Michaels makes his second test of his creation.

The two virgins are bout to lose their cherries. Neither will remember the moment when Hector rams his cock into his daughter Rosa and Dean Michaels plunges through Natalie's cherry. The debauchery was supposed to be forgotten.

All evidence was supposed to be erased from the subjects' minds. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Rosa Andalucia Moments after Deactivation

I blinked and shook my head. I suddenly felt so hot. A dizzy wave washed over me. I stumbled and found myself clutching to my friend Natalie. She grabbed me, her blonde hair swaying about the pale skin of her face. The White girl panted, her green eyes wild.

Nearby, my father shook his head. He ran a hand through his short, brown hair. He was a tall guy, towering over Natalie and me. My fifteen-year-old body felt feverish. Turned on. I squeezed my legs together, feeling so lewd between my thighs.

Like I'd just been masturbating.

A wave of disorientation washed over me. I couldn't remember how I got here. Not in Wholesome Foods, but where I stood at the top of the cereal aisle. Hadn't I been over by the produce or something? I blinked, struggling to gather myself.

Wow, said Natalie, her pale hand gripping my flesh. The White girl's skin was lighter than my golden-brown hue. She leaned in close. I just had the naughtiest idea that the cute teacher guy we saw took my cherry.

What? I gasped as a wave of heat rushed through me. Flashes popped into my mind of my father thrusting his cock into my pussy. 

I glanced over at Daddy. His chest rose and fell. He looked over at me. Our eyes met for a moment and cries burst in my mind of me gasping and moaning as he fucked me. My pussy clenched as the heat rushed through me. 

Why would I think of something so kinky? 

It was so wrong. He was my dad! A girl shouldn't think of her father like that, but the flashes kept bursting through me. Moments of him thrusting into me. My twat clutching to his dick. Cumming on him. A burst of rapture that would explode through me.

You're thinking of your dad fucking you, aren't you? Natalie whispered.

What? I gasped, shame burning through me. No!

Liar, she said, her hand squeezing tight about my wrist.

How do you even know that? I asked her, my heart pounding.

My friend winked at me.

I felt all flushed and hot as Dad shook his head. Then he moved over to our shopping cart, his butt looking so hot in his jeans. I bit my lip and couldn't believe I was staring at my dad like that. What was wrong with me?

Natalie slipped her arm into mine as we followed my dad through the grocery store to finish the shopping. I felt so disoriented. Discombobulated. Nothing felt right. It was all so strange to have these ideas.

My poor panties were so wet. I would have to change when we got to my house. It was Saturday, and Natalie was sleeping over. It was a fairly common occurrence for us even now. We enjoyed hanging out and talking about boys. Sometimes, we went over to Natalie's house and other times mine.

Did Natalie think about her own dad taking her cherry sometimes? Was that how she knew what I was thinking about.

Mmm, your dad's got a hot ass, Natalie said.

My cheeks blazed hot again. What?

She giggled. It's cool. You're secret's safe with me.

What secret? I groaned.

She winked at me.

We checked out. I tried to distract myself with a copy of Seventeen I pulled off the magazine rack and then flipped through, but the idea of having sex with my dad and giving him my cherry was something that just wouldn't leave me. The beep-beep of the scanner rang out as my eyes were locked on my dad. He was a tall man. Strong. Black hair.

Natalie hummed beside me, sounding amused. She only made my cheeks hotter. I didn't know what was wrong with me. He was my dad. That was the wrongest thing in the world for a girl to lust for. I should be thinking about hot boys and hunky movie stars. 

At home, I helped Dad unload the food then he let us order pizza. I called up on the phone and soon we had the pies on the way. As we waited, Natalie and I both changed. My panties were so wet. I had to really mop myself up. I couldn't believe how much was leaking out of me. 

It was all so pearly and white like... Like... My mind fizzled for a moment and then I went back to cleaning up.

It wasn't long after Natalie and I had finished our cleanup when the pizza had arrived, we ate it in the living room. Dad was on his recliner while Natalie and I were sitting on the couch, legs bent. A dumb superhero movie playedsomething my dad and Natalie both lovedwhile my thoughts were unwholesome as possible.

Dad's cock breaking my hymen. Plunging into me. Making me cum on him. Just snippets. Little flashes like my memories had been scrubbed away, but not thoroughly enough. There were little patches missed, brief moments out of context.

It was all so ridiculous.

Let's play truth or dare, Natalie said, turning off the TV. You in, Rosa?

Sure, I said, wanting to take my mind off Dad.

Well, I'll leave you two girls to it, Dad said. Night Rosachika and Natalie.

Oh, no, don't go, Mr. A., Natalie said. She snagged my dad's hand. It's more fun when it's three. You have to stay. You'll make Rosa so happy if you do.

What? I gasped, my cheeks blushing.

Dad looked down at me. He stood so high, towering over the pair of us. His eyes were on us. I swallowed, my cheeks burning from the heat his gaze stirred up in me. My heart pounded, this wild beat that rushed exhilaration through my veins.

Sure, I'll stay and play, he said. For you, Rosachika.

Awesome, Mr. A.! Natalie grabbed one end of the coffee table. My dad the other. They moved it closer to the TV to give us space There.

We all slipped onto the floor, forming a little circle. Natalie was to my right and Daddy to my left. I sat cross-legged, my panties feeling so wet. I couldn't believe Dad was playing. The way Natalie was acting, the naughty White girl would be out to embarrass me.

Rosa, truth or dare, Natalie said grinning at me.

Truth, I said cautiously.

How many boys have you kissed?

Embarrassment flushed through me. I glanced at Dad, squirming as he had this tight smile on his lips. They were such strong lips. What would they be like to... It's three, I blurted out. That's it. And you know that.

But your dad didn't, Natalie said, smiling at me. Your turn.

Natalie, truth or dare? I said, wanting to get back at her.

Truth! She looked so unafraid of anything I would ask her.

How many boys have you kissed?

Natalie boldly, even proudly, glanced at my dad. Five.

Dad just swallowed. Then he realized it was his turn. Eh, Rosachika, truth or dare?

I hesitated. Truth? It came out as a question more than a statement. I wasn't sure I wanted to play with my dad.

Um, well, do you love your father?

My cheeks blazed with those memories. Well, yeah, Dad.

You need to take this seriously, Mr. A., Natalie admonished. Truth or dare, Mr. A.?

He drew in a deep breath as if he were bracing himself. Truth.

How many women have you been with.

My eyes bulged.

Dad groaned. Uh, seven. 

My cheeks burned as I realized it was my turn. I bit my lip. Natalie, truth or dare?

Dare! Her blonde hair flew as she threw her arms up into the air. Dare! Dare! Dare!

Uh, I dare you to drink an entire can of soda without stopping. 

Ugh, that's child's play, she said and darted to the kitchen. Her skirt swirled around her pale thighs. She came back with a diet cherry coke. She popped the lid and winked at me.

She chugged. Her throat worked as she gulped down more and more of the liquid. She tilted her head back, which pressed her round breasts against her top, her nipples hard. I had sudden flashes of touching those breasts. Like we had done something, too, in the store and forgotten it. 

But we had never fooled around.

The heat rushed through me as Dad and I watched her finish chugging her drink. She let out a long, satisfied aaaah and then crushed the can in her hand in triumph. She giggled and then sank down onto her knees.

Easy, peasy! she said. You're up, Mr. A.

Uh... Natalie, truth or dare?

Ooh, dare! Her green eyes flashed to my dad. Give it to me, Mr. A.!

Let's see... Do the splits.

My friend rolled her eyes. You two are not even trying.

She stood up again and then she sank down on her legs. Bare feet slid across the carpet as she went down. In a flash, she had both her legs stretched out in opposite directions. Her skirt fluttered around her as she threw up her arms.

Ta-da! she said. 

Dad shook his head like he couldn't believe she was limber enough to do that. Even I had trouble believing it, and I had seen her do it so many times at school during gym class. She held it for a moment longer then slid out of it.

Okay, Mr. A., truth or dare? Natalie said, a naughty gleam in her eyes.

Dad hesitated. Dare. 

My friend grinned. It was so wicked and naughty. I dare you to kiss your daughter for thirty seconds.

I couldn't help how I perked up at that. This excitement rushed through me. Daddy glanced over at me. He swallowed, his brown eyes so rich and warm. My heart thundered a mile a minute. Natalie rubbed her hands on her knees, a big smile on her lips. 

My heartbeat so fast. I fanned my face and swallowed.

Daddy leaned in towards me. This was happening. He was going to kiss me. I lifted my head. My pussy clenched. I could smell a faint scent of spice around him. It was an exciting and manly smell that had my head dizzy.

Then his lips were on mine. They were so strong. Natalie picked up her phone, her eyes on us. I wanted to move my mouth. To kiss him back properly, not just keep our lips pressed together. But this wasn't a real kiss. It was a dare. 

Nothing wrong with that.

Time seemed to go on and on. I whimpered. His mouth felt so warm. His stubble rubbed on my cheeks. This manly caress that sent tingles racing through my body. My naughty pussy drank it in. I let out a little groan. My lips moved. I kissed my daddy back. It was

Time! Natalie called and set her phone down.

Daddy ripped his mouth back from mine. He sucked in breaths as he settled down, wiping his hands on this jean-clad thighs. Mine were just as sweaty. I shuddered, feeling dizzy. Those patches of memories played through my mind. It was like a flipbook, the images sliding by so fast I could almost see Daddy and I moving together.

Hey, your up, Rosa, Natalie said. Mr. A., you must be a killer kisser because your daughter is out of it.

Am not! I squeaked and, in a panic, blurted out, Natalie, truth or dare?

Hmm, let's do truth, the naughty White girl said, her green eyes sparkling.

Um... My mind struggled to find a question. Do you have a crush on anyone?

Yeah, your dad. Natalie's cheeks turned scarlet. He's cute. 

And sitting right here, Dad said, his voice tight. He cleared it. Rosachika, truth or dare?

Truth, I said, too scared to take on any dare.

Do you have a crush on anyone?

I was so wrong. Truth was far, far scarier than dare. My heat rushed through me. I had to tell the truth. That was the point of the game. I gulped in a breath, my small breasts pressing against my top. My nipples ached. 

Uh, yeah, Dad. Um, you.

Natalie clapped her hands in delight and squealed in triumph. Dad glanced at me. I blushed and looked away. My hands gripped my thighs through my skirt. My panties were molten. I wanted to melt away in a puddle of embarrassment. I had just admitted it. What was wrong with me?

Well, truth or dare, Rosa? Natalie said.

I didn't hesitate. I picked the safer option. Dare.

The grin on my friend's lips made me regret it. I dare you to take off your top and bra.

My cheeks blazed. Daddy stared at me as I peeled off my crop top. I slid it up and over my stomach. I didn't go fast. I wasn't sure why I was going slow. This excitement rippled through me as he stared at me. He wanted to see my boobs. 

My blouse rolled up to my bra. It cupped my little breasts. They were almost B-cups. Small things. Perky. I didn't need a bra at all, but everyone wore them. I had on a white one that contrasted with my golden-brown skin. 

I slid my blouse off, my heart pounding so hard. I heard it thundering in my ears. I dropped my blouse to the ground and sat there in just my bra. I reached behind me. Dad licked his lips. He looked so... hungrily at me.

He wanted to see my tits.

My fingers fumbled at the clasp, my body blazing with heat. The fire burned out of my pussy. My virgin cunt clenched. The clasp came apart. This was it. I was about to show my daddy my breasts. He hadn't seen me topless since I was a kid. Back then, it hadn't mattered. Now I had boobs.

Small boobs, but they were still boobs.

I slipped the straps off my shoulders. They fell down to the crook of my arms. Then I pulled the cups away and exposed my tits to my dad's brown eyes. He licked his lips, his chest rising and falling as he stared at my breasts. 

Did he like them?

He must because he kept staring at me.

Your turn, Natalie said, a huge grin on her face. She looked so pleased with herself as she squirmed there, her blonde hair spilling around her face.

Suddenly, I wanted to get back at her for putting me in this spot. Natalie, truth or dare?

Dare! she said with such boldness.

Yes! This was it. I dare you to take off your skirt and panties!

Daddy groaned.

Natalie hopped to her feet and winked at Dad. The White girl unzipped her skirt without a hint of fear. She wiggled her hips and her dark skirt slid over her butt and then fell down her thighs. She had on a pair of red panties. 

Mmm, this what you want to see me do, Rosa? Natalie asked, her fingers hooking the waistband of her panties. 

If you're not chicken, I said, trying to hide just how excited I was to see my friend bottomless. Why? I had seen her before. It had never excited me, but those snippets of memories, those wild fantasies of doing stuff with her flared in my mind.

Natalie turned around and bent over, thrusting her booty at us. She peeled down her panties, the red cloth sliding over her pale, beige rump. The curve of her butt-cheeks and the crevasse of her crack appeared. She pushed down her panties further and further, exposing more and more of her flesh. Her blonde bush appeared, the trimmed-short hairs not hiding her pussy lips at all. She was juicy. Even had some silvery stains matting her hairs.

Dad groaned as she slid her panties down.

My tongue licked over my lips as I stared at my friend's ass and pussy. The urge to lean in and lick her flooded through my body. My cunt clenched. My naked boobies jiggled as the trembles swept through my body. I was so hot. So turned on.

She stepped out of her panties and then turned around, her boobs jiggling beneath her blouse and bra. She sank down cross-legged, which put her blonde bush and pussy on display, her pink lips parting to show off her gleaming depths.

Uh, maybe we should stop, Dad said as he kept staring at her. This is getting a little wild.

Nope, Natalie said. It's your turn, Mr. A. Who will you ask?

Dad took in a deep breath then glanced at me. Rosachika, truth or dare?

I swallowed, my blood boiling in my veins. I wanted this, didn't I? Dare.

Daddy took a long moment before he asked, I dare you to take off your... your panties and bottom.

Natalie whooped.

My pussy clenched and a wave of heat washed through me.

I would be naked save for my ankle socks. I stood up, toes curling in them. I bit my lip and then I reached my hands beneath my skirt. I hooked onto the white panties I was wearing and dragged them out from beneath my skirt.

Ooh, that's the kinky way to do it, my friend said as I bent over, rolling my panties down my thighs. I could feel the air rustling over my bush and caressing my wet pussy lips.

I stepped out of my panties, this wild heat rushing through me. I found the small zipper on the side of my skirt that kept the waistband tight about my torso. I undid the little fastener and unzipped it. It hung on my hips.

I thrust my arms up in the air, Daddy staring up at me with such heat. My hips swayed from side to side, my little boobies jiggling. The skirt slipped down my skin. A little bit at a time. The top of my bush appeared. It went lower and lower.

It fell off of my hips and plunged down my legs.

Daddy groaned.

There it was. My pussy on display, covered by my trim, brown bush. I shuddered, feeling all their eyes on me. This was so wild. I couldn't believe this was happening. My cheeks burned while Daddy stared at me like a hungry wolf. I sank down, Natalie grinning.

I grinned back.

Way to go, Mr. A.! she cheered. Mmm, let's see. Rosa, truth or dare?

Dare, I said, knowing things would escalate. We had all crossed this line. Things had gone way, way too far now.

I dare you to pull out your dad's cock and suck it.

Daddy groaned. Maybe we should call it here, girls.

No! I lunged at my dad, lying, I don't lose at truth or dare!

Yeah, right, you always lose, said Natalie.

I ignored her and attacked my dad's fly. I wanted to suck his cock. I was feverish for it. Those memories told me one thing: my fantasies of sex with my daddy was amazing. The real thing, the incestuous delight, would be amazing. I was too horny to stop now. So, I between over, thrusting my ass and pussy at Natalie, and opened my father's fly.

He leaned back on his hands, his chest rising and falling. Rosachika...

I drew out his cock. I bet mom, when she was still alive, would suck this cock. She would just nurse on it. I stroked him and then leaned my head down. I had to do this. Nice and fast. No thinking that this was wrong. Forbidden.

Depraved heat rushed through me.

I opened my mouth wide and sucked him in with a hungry swallow. My lips sealed about the shaft of my daddy's cock. My cheeks hollowed around his dick as I wiggled my hips. Heat rushed through me as this salty flavor spilled across my taste buds.

He groaned as I blew him. 

I stared up his body to his strong face. His brown eyes were wild. I nursed on him, making all these sloppy sounds. I had never done it before, but I knew the principle. Suck hard and swirl tongue. Make it sloppy. Make it feel amazing.

Rosachika, he groaned. Hearing his pet name for me while I blew him only made this more taboo. This was my daddy's cock in my mouth. He made me in my mother's womb with it. Yes.

That's it, Rosa! Natalie moaned. Mmm, yes, yes, just suck that dick.

I did. I bobbed my head up and down him, my tongue dancing around his shaft. He twitched in my mouth. This wild pulse fluttered up his cock that was amazing to feel as I loved him. I loved it. my tongue danced around him, stroking him, making him feel amazing.
 
This was so hot and wild.

I was possessed with this incestuous rush to please my daddy. The forbidden ache in my cunt swelled with my every suckle. More and more of that salty flavor filled my mouth. Was that his precum? Would he erupt in my mouth?

Damn, Rosachika, he groaned. Oh, damn.

How does it feel? Natalie asked.

Not your turn to ask a question, he grunted. You just went.

Right. Natalie squealed. I could hear the joy bursting from my White friend's lips. This is so effing hot, Rosa. Your tush is aimed right at me. Your daughter's got a cute booty, Mr. A.

Yeah, he groaned. Damn, I'm going to cum if you keep that up, Rosachika.

My pussy clenched. I squealed and sucked harder. I nursed with passion, wanting his cum to flood my mouth. My virgin twat burned for that depraved moment. I bobbed my head, working my mouth up and down his dick. I sucked with such hunger on him. I worshiped him with all my amazing passion.

I nursed. I moaned. I loved him. My drool ran down his shaft as I bobbed. I made it as sloppy as possible. I wanted to give him as much pleasure as I could. I wanted to make him cum. It would be amazing to gulp down his seed.

Damn, Rosachika, he panted. Oh, damn, your mouth. I'm going to cum.

Do it, Mr. A.! my friend squealed. Yeah, cum in her mouth. Dump that cum down her throat. That'll be hot!

It would be.

I suckled with such passion. I nursed with such hunger. It was amazing to experience. I loved my daddy's cock with all my might. I suckled hard. The heat rushed through me, fluttering out of my naughty cunt. My pussy burned with this aching need to have him in me.

He groaned. His face twisted in pleasure. His cock throbbed harder in my mouth. The salty taste increased. Was he about to cum? About to spurt all that forbidden jizz into my mouth? I nursed with every ounce of passion I had.

Rosachika! he growled.

His cum flooded my mouth.

Yes!

Hot jizz splashed across the back of my throat. I gulped it down. I swallowed every drop of it I could. It was amazing. My eyes squeezed shut as the heat washed through me. My hips wiggled in delight, dancing with this exciting delight as I swallowed it.

Effing hell, you're cumming in her mouth, Mr. A.! my friend gasped. You're cumming down your daughter's throat.

I am! groaned Daddy. Oh, fuck, I am.

I savored it. His jizz was so salty and delicious. It tasted so good in my mouth. It flowed down my throat. I swallowed it all. Every last drop. I squeezed my eyes shut as I gulped it down. His spunk tasted amazing as all that creamy seed flowed down my throat. 

I groaned, loving every second of it.

Rosachika! he groaned as the last spurt splashed against the roof of my mouth. Damn.

I slid my mouth off of him and swallowed his seed. I panted there before him, my tits rising and falling. I had just done that. Just sucked my daddy off. My pussy was molten passion. I trembled, my tits rising and falling.

Your turn, Rosa, Natalie hissed, her voice so throaty.

Right. I panted. I stared at my father. Daddy, truth or dare?

He hesitated. He swallowed. Truth.

Disappointment soured through me, but then inspiration hit me. I asked, Was that the best blowjob you ever had?

He smiled. Yeah. Yeah, it was, Rosachika.

My joy swallowed all my disappointment. I positively squirmed in place.

Uh, Natalie, truth or dare? Daddy asked, his chest rising and falling. He was panting.

Mmm, a naughty dare, my friend said, her eyes smoldering.

God, I'm going to do this, Daddy muttered. I dare you to go down on my daughter.

My eyes bulged. Heat rushed through me.

Done! Natalie squealed.

Before I knew it, she was pushing me onto my back. I stretched out while my White friend grabbed my knees with her pale fingers. She shoved my legs apart. She had this look of excitement in her green eyes. Her blonde hair spilled down around her crimson cheeks. 

Mother of god, she blushed so prettily.

Daddy watched, his cock still out. His eyes smoldered as Natalie lowered her head down to my pussy. This nervous excitement rippled through me. I rubbed at my belly, all full of Daddy's cum. Then my friend nuzzled into my bush. Her lips kissed at my pussy.

I gasped at the contact of another person on my cunt. Natalie's tongue flicked out and slid through my virgin folds. I shuddered at the sensual caress of the girl's tongue on me. My body trembled as a shiver of delight rushed through me. 

Oh, god, I groaned. Natalie.

You taste delicious, Rosa! She licked at me again. And again. 

Daddy groaned as he watched.

I squirmed on the carpet, feeling the fibers rubbing into my back and rump. This tangy scent rose in the air. That was me. That was my pussy I was smelling. The one my friend licked at. She lapped up and down my folds, her nose rubbing into my clit. Pleasure surged through me in the wake of her every tongue caress.

She petted my cunt with her tongue. She stroked up from my taint to my clit. She slid over that naughty bud. Sparks burst. My cunt clenched deep inside. I groaned and squirmed on the ground as she pleased me.

You like that? she asked.

Uh-huh, I moaned. That's so good.

Damn, Daddy groaned. Rosachika... You're... This... Damn.

I quivered, feeling his eyes raking my body. This depraved heat rushed through me, fed by my friend's tongue sliding up and down my slit. My hands drifted up my stomach to my little titties. I squeezed them. Kneaded them. 

I moaned as my White friend devoured me.

Her hands wrapped around my thighs. She pulled my pussy tighter against her lips. Her tongue thrust forward. She buried it so deep into me. She caressed parts of me that had never been touched. Not even by me. She swirled around in me, pleasure rushing through my body.

What happened to my hymen...? My thoughts fizzled in pleasure.

Natalie! I groaned as she swirled her tongue around in me.

Is she making you feel good, Rosachika? Daddy asked.

So good! I moaned, my thighs squeezing about my friend's head. She's got her tongue inside of my pussy. She dancing it around in me. Oh, it's so amazing. I'm so wet. It was so hot sucking you, and now... now... I'm going to cum on my friend's mouth.

Yes! Daddy groaned. He grabbed his cock and stroked it. He was hard again.

Natalie moaned into my pussy. Her tongue scooped out my pussy cream into her mouth. She moaned and did it again. And again. Every time she thrust her tongue into snatch, my orgasms swelled even more. My breasts rose and fell as I sucked in air. 

My fingers kneaded my firm titties. Pleasure rushed down from my touch to her tongue plundering my pussy. She thrust it in and out of me, fucking it in as far as she could reach. Her nose rubbed at my clit. I groaned, sparks flaring. I hurtled towards my orgasm.

Oh, yes, yes, Natalie, I moaned. Oh, that's amazing. Daddy, Daddy, she's going to make me cum.

Good, he groaned. Cum on her mouth, Rosachika.

Cum on my effing mouth! Natalie moaned and then she slid her tongue up to my clit. Her lips seized my bud.

Suckled.

My eyes widened. My virgin cunt clenched. I gasped and bucked as my pussy convulsed with wild sparks. They showered my mind in rapture. My thoughts blazed with all these wicked bursts of pleasure. Synapses fired left and right. My thighs squeezed about Natalie's head, holding my White friend to my pussy.

I'm cumming so hard! I moaned, thrashing.

Natalie licked and lapped up my juices gushing out of me. She drank them down. Her eyes were so naughty as she stared up at me. I groaned as she did. This was insane. I bit my lip, my body trembling through the pleasure that rushed out of my cunt.

My cream bathed her mouth. She gulped down my juices. My friend drank them, her green eyes sparkling. Daddy's brown eyes burned as he watched. I hit that amazing peak of pleasure. This was more fantastic than masturbation.

Yes! I moaned as I hovered at the pinnacle of rapture. Then I fell into panting bliss. My thighs relaxed from around my friend's head.

Oh, my effing gosh, Rosa, you gushed juices, Natalie said as she sat up. Her lips and cheeks were gleaming in my cream. That was so hot. Mmm, and it's my turn. She glanced at Daddy as I lay there flushed and panting. Mr. A., truth or dare?

Dare, he said and peeled off his shirt. It was like he knew what he would be dared to do.

We all knew what it would be.

I dare you to fuck your daughter hard! Natalie moaned, and then ripped off her own blouse. Her breasts jiggled in her red bra. 

Daddy stood up and shoved down his jeans and boxers. My toes curled in my socks as I stared at his manly body. He had such hunger in his eyes. His cock thrust out so hard. I stared at it, hardly noticing Natalie's round breasts bouncing into view as she shrugged off her bra.

I'm so ready, Daddy, I moaned. Make me into a woman.

He fell to his knees between my thighs. Natalie knelt down by us. She thrust her hand between her legs and rubbed at her cunt. She masturbated as Daddy's dick came closer and closer to my pussy. I squirmed on the carpet, the fibers so itchy beneath me. They excited me.

Daddy planted his left hand by my head, bracing his weight on it, while his right guided his cock right to my virgin pussy. He pressed it against my vulva. He nuzzled it into my labia. I shuddered, ready for him to pop my cherry.

He thrust into me with ease like there was no hymen to pop. But I had a hymen. I must not have felt him break it because his dick felt amazing. There was no pain at all, only the bliss of having my daddy fill my cunt to the brim with his big cock.

Rosachika! he groaned.

Oh, Daddy, yes! I moaned as his balls rested against my taint. He was in me. He reached so deep into my pussy. It felt so wonderful and so familiar, like I had experienced this already. But how could that be? I could never forget this. Those were just fantasies that had flashed in my mind.

This was reality.

My thighs locked around his hips. He lowered himself down to me. I embraced him and pulled him to my lips. He kissed me with hunger as I  squirmed beneath him. My nipples rubbed into his chest. I loved the feel of his pecs against me. My nubs burst with pleasure.

Natalie moaned beside us, masturbating away as Daddy thrust his cock in and out of my pussy. I groaned, loving his dick burying to the hilt in me over and over again. This was so amazing. He thrust into me with power. With forbidden passion.

Depraved delight burned in my pussy.

Effing hell, that's hot! whimpered Natalie. Incest! Real incest! Yes! 

I groaned into the kiss with my daddy, embracing this incestuous rush. I wasn't on the pill. He wasn't wearing a condom. He could impregnate me. That excited me even more. I was in the middle of my cycle. Wasn't that the most dangerous time?

Yes!

My pussy clenched about his cock. I held him tight as he pumped away at me. He fucked his dick into me over and over again. I groaned as I enjoyed his every thrust into me. That wonderful cock filled me up again and again. He rammed to the hilt in me. It was amazing. This exhilarating bliss that rushed through me. 

His balls smacked into my taint on his every thrust. I groaned, squirming my cunt around on him. I fucked him hard and fast. He buried his dick over and over into my pussy. My flesh loved him as we kissed. As we trembled together.

Daddy broke the kiss and moaned, Rosachika. My little girl. Mother of god, you're so tight.

And you're so big, Daddy! My cunt clenched down on his girth, reveling in the size of him. He fit in me, his cock bottoming out against my cervix. I was made for this, Daddy! You and Mommy made me to be yours.

Yes! Natalie hissed. So effing hot!

Damn, groaned Daddy. He stared into my eyes as his cock plunged into me over and over again. You're like your mother. So goddamn tight.

Mmm, you're going to cum in me, aren't you, Daddy? I asked.

Yes.

Breed me?

Oh, fuck, he groaned and thrust harder.

Yes, yes, effing breed your daughter! gasped Natalie. I dare you to do that. I double-dog dare you!

Daddy slammed into my cunt with his big dick. That huge shaft plunged into me again and again. My pussy celebrated every wild thrust. I trembled beneath him, my twat squeezing about his cock as he plundered me. 

Daddy fucked me hard. He rammed into me, and I loved every moment of it. He slammed to the hilt in my snatch. It was incredible. I groaned, my cunt squeezing down on his dick as he pumped it in and out of me. I loved it. This was rapture. Heaven. I groaned with his every plunge into my twat.

My pussy clenched about him. Loved him. I whimpered and moaned as he fucked me hard. My Daddy made such passionate love to me. I stared into his eyes, my fingernails clawing his back as he brought me closer and closer to climaxing on his dick.

To working out his incestuous seed to flood my pussy.

Daddy! Daddy! I moaned. I need you, Daddy! I need your cum spurting into me!

Yes! he growled. You'll get it, honey. He plowed into me hard. Fast.

Daddy! I whimpered at the pleasure of his dick. He was incredible. He was everything that I craved. That I wanted from my daddy.

He buried to the hilt in me again and again. He fucked me with all that passion. I loved him so much. Natalie whimpered beside us. She looked so sexy there. But she was being left out. That wasn't fair at all.

I bit my lip and then I moaned, Natalie, I dare you to sit on my face as Daddy fucks me.

Yes! she gasped.

Daddy rose up from me. He slammed his cock hard into me. My friend ripped her fingers out of her pussy. Then she threw her leg over my face. I groaned as she pressed her pussy right down on my mouth. I gasped at the feel of her silky bush on my lips right before her pussy ground on my face.

I thrust my tongue out. I slid into her folds and penetrated her pussy. I swirled and darted my tongue around inside of her. She gasped out in delight. She shuddered atop me, her hips grinding her twat on my mouth.

I licked at her. I lapped up her sweet juices. They coated my lips and tongue. She tasted amazing. My cunt clenched down on Daddy's cock as he rammed into me. His hands held my hips as he drove hard into me. My body shook.

Oh, Rosa, yes! gasped my friend. Effing hell, that's amazing. That's it. That's what I need. I'm going to cum.

Me, too! I moaned and thrust my tongue into her mouth.

I swirled it around in her pussy, reaching so deep into her. I didn't know what had happened to her hymen, I knew she was a virgin, but I didn't care. I just savored her silky walls and sweet pussy squeezing around me as Daddy drove his cock hard into my twat. He fucked me with passion, grunting, groaning.

My pussy clamped down on him. The pressure swelled in me. His cock pumping away at my twat swelled it. I worshiped that forbidden shaft burying into my teenage twat. Daddy grunted. Groaned. He slammed his cock to the hilt in me.

Fuck! he grunted. Erupted.

My daddy's cum spurted into me. The moment his hot, incestuous seed splashed against my cervix, I came. I squealed into Natalie's pussy as the tsunami of pleasure rushed through my body. This dizzying wave of delight crashed into my mind. 

I drowned in rapture.

Oh, effing hell, yes! gasped Natalie.

Sweet juices gushed into my mouth as Daddy's cum pumped into my twat. He flooded me with spurt after spurt of his cum. It was amazing to feel. To experience. I bucked on the ground, my pussy sucking at his dick, writhing about his amazing shaft as I drank down my friend's cream.

Fuck! groaned Daddy as he fired the last of his cum in me.

A final wave of rapture washed through my pussy. I shuddered, my thighs hugging him. My tongue lapped at my friend while she swayed atop me. She wiggled her hips, smearing her silky bush and hot twat on my mouth.

Your turn, Mr. A.! moaned my friend.

Shit, he panted. I dare you to eat out my daughter's cunt while I fuck your pussy.

Done! Natalie moaned and flew off of me. Come sit on my face, Rosa.

I shuddered. Daddy was still hard in me. Why hadn't he gone soft? Was he that excited? I knew I was just melting with passion. This was all so exciting. I groaned and then slid off of his cock. My pussy popped off of him. Cum puddled out of me and ran down to my ass. 

I threw myself on my friend. I planted my twat right on her mouth. She sealed her lips on it and sucked. I gasped as she drained the cum out of me. My back arched. It felt so naughty. I wiggled there while Daddy moved into place, his cock wet with my pussy cream. 

Take her cherry, too, Daddy! I moaned. I grabbed his cock and guided him to my friend as she kept nursing on my pussy, drawing out my cum.

Daddy thrust into Natalie's pussy. My White friend moaned, her blonde bush swallowing Daddy's dick. Her pale thighs wrapped around his golden-brown skin. He groaned, the muscles in his chest rippling as he pumped away at her.

Natalie groaned into my cunt. Her tongue thrust into me. She swirled it around in me like she had before. She licked and lapped out all that cum in me. That incestuous seed that Daddy had fired into me. She churned up my cunt while I shuddered and savored every moment of our passion.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned. Fuck her hard, Daddy.

He's effing me so hard! gasped Natalie.

I am, Rosachika! Pleasure crossed Daddy's face. Damn, I feel like a teenager myself. You two girls are so sexy.

I beamed at that.

I ground my cunt on Natalie's mouth. The pleasure rushed through me as she licked and lapped at me. This wonderful heat that swelled through my body. I savored the depraved delight of our kinky threesome.

My butt-cheeks clenched. I squirmed on my friend. I ground on her mouth by wiggling my hips. Her tongue felt amazing. My orgasm built and built with every moment. I rose towards that next burst of rapture.

Daddy's hands grabbed my torso. Rosachika, you're so sexy.

And you're a hunk, Daddy! I moaned, my hands falling on his shoulders.

Mmm, he's yummy, purred my friend. Just like your pussy, Rosa.

And yours! I moaned.

Daddy leaned in and kissed me. He tasted the sweet cream soaking my lips. The flavor of my friend's cunt. I moaned, my pussy clenching. His tongue licked over my mouth, clearly enjoying the taste of the twat he fucked hard.

She broke the kiss, smacking lips. She does taste good.

Uh-huh, I moaned, his hands stroking my sides. He slid up and rubbed at my tits with his thick thumbs. 

I groaned as he did that. My boobs sent delight rushing down to my pussy being devoured by Natalie. Her tongue fluttered up and down me. She brushed my clit. I whimpered, my body trembling. His thumbs rubbed out across my nipples. He massaged them.

I gasped, loving the feel of his touch. The sparks shot through me. My eyes squeezed tight as he rubbed at my nubs. This amazing bliss sizzled through me. It was incredible to feel. My pussy clenched around my friend's probing tongue.

Daddy, I groaned, my orgasm swelling. Oh, Daddy. You and Natalie are going to make me cum again.

Good, he growled, thrusting hard into my friend.

Mmm, dump all that yummy cream into my mouth, Natalie moaned. I effing love it.

I did, too. I wanted to flood her mouth with my juices. 

My body trembled as Daddy rubbed at my nipples. His thumbs pushed on them. I groaned, my cunt clenching around my friend's tongue. She danced it around in me while my clit rubbed on her chin. Sparks flared.

I pushed down harder on her, wanting that orgasm. I was so close to it. Daddy grunted, his thumbs making my nipples tingle. I squirmed there, the pressure rising and rising. I was so close to that moment of exploding.

Daddy! I whimpered. 

Cum, Rosachika! he growled, slamming into my friend's cunt.

Yes! I howled and came on Natalie's face. 

I bucked on her, juices gushing out of my pussy and into her hungry mouth. I threw my arms around Daddy's neck and kissed him with hunger. He growled into me and thrust forward.

Effing, yes! squealed Natalie. You're dad's breeding me now, Rosa! He's pumping his cum into me. I'm cumming so effing hard!

She lapped up my cunt cream as she bucked. I loved the passion she gave. The heat of her naughty delight rushing through me. It was so amazing to feel. Stars danced before my eyes as the pleasure rushed me to the heights of ecstasy. 

I hovered there, kissing Daddy as he emptied his cum into my friend's pussy. It was so wild. This was such a hot night. I groaned as Natalie lapped at my pussy with hungry flutters, keeping this delight buzzing through my veins.

I broke the kiss with Daddy and panted, Wow.

Yeah, he said, smiling. That was hot. 

I nodded. 

Mmm, Rosa, I dare you to lick your daddy's cum out of my pussy! Natalie squealed.

Yes! I moaned.

As I did that, I knew that our game of truth and dare, or at the least the dare part, would continue. This night. Tomorrow. All next week. Things had changed between the three of us. I wanted Natalie and I bred. I wanted us to have Daddy's babies. I don't know what awakened in my friend and me at Wholesome Foods, but I was glad.

Natalie and I were my Daddy's lovers. We were such lucky girls. As I ate her pussy full of all that salty cum, I ached for what I would dare them to do next. I knew it would be dirty and depraved and make us all cum. 

The END of this Tale of the Mind Control Device
