Vibha was herself crazy with hot incredible desire. She was
positively dying with fuck-hunger. After watching the scene of Reena
being fucked by Javed, Vibha's own wet cunt was coursing and burbling
with prickly fires. Vibha got down between Javed's legs and grasped
his semi-erect cock in her soft, skilled hand and began to lightly
stroke her hand up and down the length of his cock, stimulating the
super-sensitive underside with her supple fingers, feeling it still
growing and swelling in her hand. She held his almost erect cock in
both hands and started sucking him like it was the last cock she
would ever see. Reena bent down and held my cock with both hands for
Vibha as she was sucking the life out of it. Trying to get it hard
again. Meanwhile, Reena also licked his balls and thighs. Javed was
going nuts. Vibha's magic mouth brought him back to life again. She
loved the taste of it. The heat of it caused her pussy to quiver and
burn. Vibha slowly moved her head downward, savoring every inch of
cock-flesh she sucked into her mouth. She felt the head of his red,
steaming prick pressing against the back of her throat, but she
relaxed and let it slide still deeper inside. Inch by inch, his big
lund disappeared into her voracious mouth, filling her mouth and
throat until she thought she couldn't hold any more. But she knew she
still could. She opened her mouth still wider and drew the last few
remaining inches of his lavda into her throat. She loved the feeling
of being stuffed full of his cock, feeling her lips brushing against
his pubic hair, his big prick throbbing and pulsing in her mouth. She
raised her head back up to the top of his cock-shaft and was
beginning another downward plunge. She sucked him back in faster this
time, hearing him grunt in response. She released him again, his
shaft now glistening with her saliva, and made her next stroke harder
and more forceful as she plunged downward. She sucked strongly and
smoothly, savoring the feeling of his big prick sliding in and out of
her mouth. The burning in her pussy was growing fiercer and she knew
that she did want his monstrous cock shoved deep inside her cunt. She
slowly removed her mouth from his delicious prick, lingering just
long enough to press her tongue once more into the tight piss-
hole. "ab mujhse nahin raha jaata," Vibha breathed lustily. "meri
choot mein jaldi se apna lavda daalo.please.abhi... jaldi." Javed
positioned himself between her spread legs and pushed her knees up to
her tits, angling her spread pussy toward his angry, red cock. He
rubbed the head of his prick up and down through the wet, burning
valley of her crotch. "Uuummmmmm," Vibha moaned as she felt his hot
cock-head touch her sensitive pussy-flesh. "ghusedo meri choot
mein ... chodo mujhe, Javed... jaldi chodo mujhe!" she begged
passionately. Javed placed the tip of his cock at the mouth of her
dripping pussy and slowly screwed the big head into her cuntal
opening. He felt the tight muscles at the opening of her fuck-hole
grip his throbbing cock-head. Reena had been watching passionately
beside them, tickling her clit with her fingers as she watched Vibha
suck and massage Javed's cock and balls. She had begun to plunge her
fingers deep into her pussy as Javed began to rub his cock against
Vibha's waiting cunt. She couldn't resist joining in now, and placed
one hand on Javed's muscular ass-cheeks while pushing his hips toward
Vibha's pussy. "Pail de apna lund saali ki choot mein!" Reena cried
with excitement, grasping one of Vibha's firm tits with her other
hand and watching the rapturous expression on Vibha's face as she
pushed Javed's ass harder, making his cock plow into Vibha's
straining, stretching cunt. "Phaad daal is randi ki choot, saali ki
cheekhain nikal de, aisy dhunaai kar iski choot ki!" Vibha did scream
as the huge cock stretched and filled her pussy. She screamed from
the pure sexual pleasure the massive cock was creating. Her cuntal
passage convulsed and quivered around his thick shaft, squeezing with
muscles she had never even used before. "AAAHHHHH ... kitna bada aur
mota hai ... kitna tagda lavda hai ... chod mujhe.madarchod.jor se
chod!" she screamed, wrapping her strong legs around Javed's waist
and pulling him in deeper. Her cunt-muscles squeezed and hugged his
thrusting prick. He couldn't hold back. Vibha's tightening legs,
Reena's pressure on his ass, and the maddening sensation of Vibha's
cunt biting and squeezing his dick caused him to thrust forward as
hard as he could. He felt his cock slam its full ten inches into
Vibha's quivering cunt. He saw her head jerk backwards and her mouth
open wide in passion! He began to fuck his cock in and out of her
tight, vise-like hole with wild abandonment. She was letting out a
sharp cry each time he slammed into her cunt. Her legs continued to
pull him in harder and deeper with each thrust. He watched with
passionate delight as Reena grabbed both of Vibha's straining,
gorgeous tits and squeezed and pulled the inflamed flesh. Vibha
responded by reaching her hand between Reena's spread thighs and
shoving her fingers into the hot, dripping hole of her pussy. The
incredible tightness and heat of Vibha's pussy was bringing him
rapidly to an orgasm that he could tell was going to flood her pussy
with steaming, boiling jism. He knew he was going to come so much
that his hot cum would overflow the lips of her tight
cunt. "Aaaahhh ... uungghhh," he grunted passionately. "Merey munh
mein apne lund ka ras nikal!" Vibha cried suddenly as she felt him
approaching his orgasm. "Please, Javed ... mujhe terey lund ka ras
peena hai ... mujhe munh mein chahiye, mujhe peena hai!" She pulled
her legs back from around his waist and began trying frantically to
push him out of her cunt before he came. She wanted his hot jism in
her mouth. Her whole body ached for it.
Reena gasped as she felt Vibha's pleading voice send shivers of lust
through her cunt. She loved seeing Vibha so excited. She moved back
away from the two lovers slightly as Javed withdrew his incredibly
red and swollen cock from Vibha's cunt with a loud slurping pop. She
could tell by the way Javed was grimacing and panting that he was
trying hard to hold his cum inside his balls until he could reach
Vibha's mouth. Vibha's fingers continued to probe and pull her cunt
as she sat down on her knees. Reena urged Javed on as he positioned
his cock in front of Vibha's waiting mouth. "apne lund ka saara garam
maal iske munh mein daal de !" Javed pointed his bursting cock
straight at Vibha's mouth. Reena leaned forward and grasped Javed's
red-hot cock in her hand, aiming it at Vibha's mouth as she began
stroking it vigorously. "Uuuuuhhhhh ... mujhe de ... mujhe tera saara
ka saara maal chahiye!" Vibha cried wildly as she stared transfixed
at the steaming prick Reena was holding right in front of her mouth.
Javed felt his jism began to race through the length of his burning
cock. He looked down at Vibha's face, her mouth open and tongue
protruding, cupping the head of his cock with her waiting
tongue. "Uunghhh!" he grunted as the first hot jet of cum spurted out
of his piss-hole and almost filled Vibha's hungry mouth. Reena
squeezed his rod hard with each spasm of his hips, milking spurt
after spurt of thick jism out of his balls and into Vibha's
overflowing mouth. Vibha released a moan of pure passion from deep in
her throat as Javed's boiling hot cum filled her mouth. She swallowed
hungrily as more and more of his luscious cream shot into her throat.
She felt his hot, thick jism spilling over her lips and dripping down
her cheeks. Javed just kept cumming and cumming. It was amazing that
one cock could have that much cum in it. Reena was swallowing as fast
as she could, but soon, the cum began to overflow and started pouring
down the side of her face. Reena continued to milk and squeeze
Javed's convulsing cock dropping the loads on Vibha's face, hair,
stomach and thighs. Javed panted and groaned with the final thrills
his gigantic orgasm sent through his loins. He continued to kneel
over Vibha's cum-drenched face as Reena gently rubbed the head of his
still-erect prick over Vibha's lips and cheeks as Vibha lapped and
licked at his sperm-smeared cock. Reena held his thick, glistening
cock in both hands and pulled the tender skin downward until the slit
at the top of the head gaped open. Then, placing her lips against the
open piss-hole, Reena sucked the remaining thick jism from deep in
his shaft, milking it with her hands to squeeze out every drop. Reena
released Javed's cock and moved her head toward Vibha's face. Reena
began to lick all the remaining cum from Vibha's lips and face. She
sucked and lapped hungrily all over Vibha's legs and even her
sandals, drinking in all the delicious jism she could. Reena Vibha
held her cum-covered tongue out from between her wet lips and Reena
sucked it into her own mouth, sharing the pleasure of Javed's cum
with Vibha.
Then Javed started putting on his clothes. Vibha took out a 500-rupee
note and handed it over to him. "Gazab ka lund hai tera. vaisey tau
gaand bhi marvaani thi tujhse par phir kabhi sahi." After Javed left,
both the women kept sitting there nude except for their high-heeled
sandals. They lit cigarettes and Vibha poured whisky for both of
them. "Aaj tau bahut mazaa aaya.main kabhi nahi bhooloongi yeh din."
Reena said exhaling the smoke. "Arey abhi tau tooney dekha hi kya hai.
saade naal rehegi tey aish karegi. chudaai de naye naye mazey kaish
karegi" Vibha replied as Reena gulped down her drink. Reena poured
more for herself. "Arey thoda dheerey pi.ghar bhi jaana hai chad
jaayegi" Vibha tried to stop her but Reena said, "Jis par chudaai ka
nashaa sawaar ho.us par ye whisky kya asar karegi." Reena poured
herself three glasses in the time it took Vibha to finish one. She
raised her last glass in a salute to Vibha, who had just finished her
first, and drank deeply. Then they started putting on their
clothes. "kal Sunday hai.mere ghar aaja afternoon mein.thodi aish
karengey." Vibha said with a wink as she put on her saree. Reena also
put on her salwar-kameez and they parted with a kiss.
Vibha dropped her at the nearby bus stop in her car. As they lived in
opposite direction, Reena insisted on taking bus when Vibha offered
to drop her. Although Reena had been drinking and but she felt
herself under control, just a little light-headed. Luckily, the
office-crowd time was over and the bus had very few people. That had
been quite a session of fucking, Reena reminisced as she sat by the
window in bus. She was relaxing, thinking back to that wild session
she and Vibha and Javed had that day. Whew! She thought. "That Vibha
was really a sex-driven woman." Reena realized that bus had to take
de-tour due to some reason and she will have to get down at the bus-
stop which was about more than one kilometer from her house. When she
got down, it was already dusk (darker part of twilight). The drinking
he had done a little earlier now seemed to be hitting her. Reena felt
a little unsteady on her feet. So, she decided to take a short cut
through a narrow dirt path, bordered by knee-high grass and trees and
wild flowers. Although this dirt-path was going to be deserted, still
she opted to use it, as it would save her more than half a distance.
As she strolled along the pathway, she felt as though her legs could
no longer support her; they were giving away under her! She started
weaving drunkenly just slightly in her high-heeled sandals as she
walked up the path her hands tightly clenched around her purse. To
make the matters worse, she felt a strong urge to pee. She lurched
ahead for a minute and when she could not control her urge anymore,
she quickly glanced through her surroundings to make sure no one was
there and since it was almost getting dark, she loosened the nada of
her salwar and pulled her salwar down to her ankles and squatted on
the ground. She was not wearing panties at that time. She took a deep
breath, and then unleashed a steaming golden torrent and next moment
she caught the rustle of grass and dry leaves behind her. Then to her
horror, she noticed a middle-aged man in cheap rustic clothes about
100 meters from her. He looked like a vagabond. In her drunken
confusion, she got up pulling up her salwar. She couldn't hold back
the dribble of hot golden piss streamed out in a gushing torrent from
her cunt, that flowed down her thighs, drenching her salwar and
soaking her feet and sandals. As she teetered forward trying to keep
her balance and trying tie the nada, she realized that the man was
now just behind her. "aisey ladkhadaati hui kahan chali, chamiya.
zaraa apni choot ke darshan tau krwa do.." the man said putting his
hand on her shoulder from behind. She was afraid of what he might
ultimately do to her. "Mujhe jaane do..dur raho mujhse" she
screamed. "Saali.nakhra karti hai.nashey mein jyaada phudak rahi hai.
abhi tera nashaa utarta hun.randi.kutiya". he hissed and held her
close to her and kissed her on mouth. Reena was scared as well as
excited. "Mujhe chhod de..." she started struggling and protesting,
with great trepidation, but enjoyed every bit of it. "Chhod dun ya
chod dun." he mocked her and pushed her against the nearby try and
tightly embraced her. With one hand he furiously, squeezed her
breasts. In his eagerness to open her kurta, he partly tore it and
even ripped her bra to knead her now exposed tits. He leaned down and
sucked and bit her erect nipples. "saali. kutiya. dekh rere nipple
kaise sakhat ban gaye hain.mazaa aa raha hai, phir bhi jhootha nakhra
dikhati hai." he said while he tore and ripped off her piss drenched
salwar from her legs. Reena tried to think how terrified she was, how
much she hated this dirty vagabond, but she felt herself becoming
more and more excited. The man pulled down his own trousers and
briefs to his ankles. Reena stared unabashedly his cock with her
mouth agape. His prick was almost as thick as her wrists, over a foot
long and it hung halfway down between his thighs. It was the biggest
cocks she had ever seen. She swallowed the lump that formed in her
throat knowing that soon enough she probably would be forced to take
that black shaft in her choot. Reena both wanted him and feared him,
and the combination of the two made her absolutely sizzle and smolder
with contradictory feelings. His hands were rough and weathered, his
lips chapped and cracked, and his fingers and mouth rasped on her
tender skin. He kissed her bare gleaming bronzed shoulders and her
smooth upper chest, and squeezed her breasts so hard that it hurt
her, but Reena was growing so weak and dizzy with passion that she
didn't care. His chapped, rasping lips found her aching nipples and
tore at them, and waves of heat shimmered through her breasts. He
held them in his palms and milked them fiercely from beneath, digging
his fingers into the springy round globes, hurting her again, but
beautifully, while he lip-pinched her fiery nipples and sucked them
between his strong teeth. Reena put her hands on his shoulders in
order to keep her balance on her high heels, and shut her eyes,
turning her head to and fro and hissing with pleasure, pushing her
hot aching breasts into his face. She was already moaning in low
animalistic guttural sounds, bursting and burbling all over with
lust, crying out softly from the sweet pain his harsh mouth and his
rough, grasping fingers caused to her sensitive breasts and her
flaming, teeth-tortured nipples. Then he forced her on her hands and
knees. "Aaj tau teri gaand hi maroonga teri." he chuckled lewdly. His
eyes seemed to glaze as he stared at the illicit crack. "Oh nahin!
Meri gaand mein itna bada lavda nahin samaayega! Mar jaaongi main.
gaand phat jaayegi. chaahe tau meri choot mein apna lavda daal ke
chod le," she moaned when she felt the hard rubbery head of his penis
pushing crudely against the defenseless opening of her rectum. She
felt numb all over, and her brain refused to register what was
happening. He continued to surge forward, straining with all his
might. Stabs of shooting pain shot up Reena's spinal cord as he
finally managed to insert the thickly pulsing head of his cock up
inside the elastic-tightness of her futilely resisting rectum. For a
moment, she thought she was split in two. She was completely stunned
by the excruciating pain and her breath was coming in agonizing
gasps. He didn't let her get used to his massive tool either.
Immediately upon entering her anus he pushed hard forcing his hard
black cock all the way in her ass. Reena screamed in
pain. "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!" Her asshole was still dry and
unlubricated to take anything so large inside. "ruk jaao ... ruk
jaao, please ... haai main mari ..." she rasped hoarsely, barely able
to make her voice heard. But he was cruelly oblivious to her agony.
After a moment or two of gathering his strength, he shoved forward
again, forcing his huge, lust-distended cock into the tight,
unyielding sheath of her rectum. Relentlessly, he surged on; searing
the sensitive inner membrane unbearably, until at long last, he was
embedded to the hilt in her sorely abused anal depths. He held it
there triumphantly, watching the desperate squirming of Reena's
lewdly skewered buttocks. He started fucking her ass right away,
removing his cock almost all the way and ramming back in. And not
just once or twice, but kept on going over and over as Reena screamed
and screamed. She had always like it in the ass, but not this way.
But now, she couldn't relax enough, her asshole was too dry, it hurt.
She could feel every inch of his hard meat slide in and then out,
then back in and back out. The pain rippled through her entire body
starting at her asshole and traveling all the way up until it
registered in her brain. He began a slow, laborious in and out
rhythm, the tortured rectum finally yielding slightly and allowing
him to plunge and withdraw with greater ease. Her anal muscles were
relaxing, accommodating his huge cock, and the pain was being
replaced with an unbelievably intense desire, a desire for all to go
on and on. His fingers dug into her hips as he pulled her back and
forth, his hard, expanding cock going in and out of her like a
powerful piston. "Uuuuugggghhh! haan! Mar meri gaand jor jor se!"
Reena moaned as the man fucked his cock in and out of her burning
rubbery passage with longer and harder thrusts. She was rolling her-
buttocks in and undulating rhythm to match his driving cock, and the
fluid from her cunt was pouring in such amounts as to run free down
her inner thighs. She was like a wild animal as she worked her hips
around, her anus trying to hungrily suck the juices from the man's
sperm-heavy balls. The man was fucking in and out of her anus with
ever-increasing tempo, his big cock seemingly becoming even bigger
with his nearing climax. Reena was screwing back her buttocks and she
was gibbering incoherent sounds, pleading with the man to pump her
full of his cum. Her dark hair was hanging loosely about her head,
swaying as she twisted her head back and forth in opposite time to
the fucking of her rectum. Her large breasts danced beneath her chest
like jelly as the man fucked her anus harder and harder strokes, and
the force of his fucking seemed to carry through her body to the top
of her head. The man's balls swayed as he rocked back and forth,
fucking Reena's wide-stretched anus with his cock. When he fucked his
cock deep inside Reena's hot rectum, his twin balls would swing
forward up between her inner thighs to hit the mound of her open
cunt. She continued screaming and jerking in her bent over position,
begging the man to pump her rectum full of cum. The man did as she
wished, all right. With a low groan, he held her hips tightly in his
hands as his cock released the stored up sperm from his balls, and it
began shooting hot blasts of searing hot cum deep up inside Reena's
rectum. "Oooooh! Oooooohh! Meri gaaaaand. chodoooo!" she screamed,
her face wildly contorted with passion. The man finally jerked his
hips forward and with a deep-throated groan pumped his cum into her
widely expanded anus. Their obscenely joined bodies spasmed in lewd
unison as his cum filled her rectum, squirting in great explosive
blasts from the tip of his giant cock. Each hot blast was spilled out
by a loud cry of pleasure from Reena, and it seemed like the man was
never going to run dry. His ass-cheeks flexed and unflexed in
emphasis to his exploding cock deep within her hot rectum, and his
head was thrown back as he strained for the exquisite pleasure of his
orgasm. The man finished his orgasm, and as if in grand finale, he
straightened up and pulled his still hardened cock from the depths of
Reena's rectum. Reena was in a state of collapsed exhaustion. She
turned around and saw how slimy his cock was from being in her ass so
long. Reena opened her mouth to him. He put his cock on her tongue
pushing some of the sticky shaft in her mouth. Reena opened her mouth
wider to accommodate the huge black scummy cock. He pushed more
making Reena tilt her head up as it hit the back of her throat. Then
he forced it deeper making her swallow his big black cock. It entered
her throat and he pushed it down, all the way down, forcing into her
throat until all twelve inches of the slimy cock was lodged in her
gullet. Then Reena wrapped her lips tight around the cock while he
slowly extracted it. All of the slime covering that coated the shaft,
the scum from deep within her ass, Reena cleaned off with her mouth
and lips. Then in one gulp, she swallowed her own dirty asshole gunk
down. The man put on his trousers quickly and left in haste. The
whole session took only 15-20 minutes. It was night now and she was
sitting there on the deserted dirt-path, nude except for her high
heels, with her body glistening in the white moonlight. Oddly she
felt neither shame nor guilt nor revulsion, now only complete
satiation was flowing through her. Finally she managed to gather
enough strength to stagger to her feet and nakedly began to gather
the tatters of her clothing together... After she pulled the tattered
remains of her kurta and salwar that stinked of her piss, around her
naked body; she stumbled in her heels through the empty dirt-path. It
wasn't until she got home that she cleaned up with a shower and laid
down for a nap. Reena had enjoyed a day of exhausting nasty dirty
sex. But now she was satisfied. Her sexual lust lay dormant, at least
for now. Next morning, when Reena woke up, she remembered Vibha's
invitation. She was very eager to be with Vibha. She called Vibha to
tell her that she'll be at her place soon. "Tu jaldi sey AjA. Kal bhi
school ki chhutti hai..is liye rAt ko bhi yahAn hi ruknA.bahuta mazA
karengey.tujhey itni aish karAoongi ki tu bhi yAd karegi." Vibha told
her. Reena wore a dark maroon silk saree with a matching, low-cut
sleeveless blouse. She also wore five-inch red heels, which showed,
off her sexy painted red-nailed feet. She took auto-rickshaw to reach
Vibha's palatial house in the quiet neighborhood. By the time she got
to Vibha's house, she could feel her cunt throbbing with desire for
her. She rang the bell and Vibha opened the door. Vibha had put on a
pink chiffon sari with a very sexy, a complete backless, sleeveless,
very wide and plunging neckline, stringy, bikini style blouse. She
had also put on very sexy, black, and five inch-stiletto-heeled
sandals. Vibha threw a come hither look into her eyes as she opened
the door; Reena smiled back flirtatiously, but teasingly. Vibha mixed
two drinks and walked over to the corner of the living room where the
big, comfortable sofa and a big screen high-definition TV were
arranged.
"Wow, kitna sundar ghar hai," Reena said as she followed Vibha to the
sofa. Motioning for her to sit down on the big, velvet sofa, Vibha
walked over to the video console and selected the tape. "KyA ri Vibha.
yeh blue-film dekhne ke liye bulAyA thA kyA.phone par tau kitnA bol
rahi thi." Vibha said annoyingly. "Saali tu bhi be-sabri hui jaa rahi
hai...hamare paas do din hain aish karne ke liye. do din mein tujhe
aisey-aisey anubhava karAoongi ki. teri life badal jaayegi." Vibha
said as she put on the movie. " abhi yeh blue-film tau sirf thoda
mood badalne ke liye hai. thodi bahut gapashapa kartey hain..daaru
peetey hain." Vibha continued as she pulled out a bottle of "Blue
Label Johnnie Walker Whisky" and a couple of lead crystal glasses.
The screen of TV, which began in complete darkness, then became more
light with a scene of three naked forms rolling and romping together
until finally coming to a sudden halt, entwined within each other's
limbs. There were two males and the one woman, both men anxiously
feeling her body, perhaps competing to be the first one inside of her
enticing cunt. The woman spread her legs and exposed her pulsing
pussy, creating an opportunity, which neither of the men ignored,
pushing their full, heavy cocks in that direction.
"Blue-label scotch tau bahut expensive hoti hai.mainey aaj ke_pahale
kabhi nahin pee" Reena exclaimed as she sipped her drink. "hA.N
yaar.. PUrey 15000 rupees cost di hai. par bahut mast cheez hai yaar.
blue-label ki pratyeka bottle ka apanA serial number hota hai kyo.Nki
yeh bahut hi limited quantity mein available hoti hai. Blue label
actually 19th century kay original blend kA authentic re-creation
hai." Vibha told her. "Tau her peg atkeast 1500 rupees ka hua.but
mast taste hai..mAn.Na padegA" Reena said as she gulped down her
peg. "aur tu suna.kal ki chudaai key baad shAma kaisi gujri." Vibha
asked her. "Kal ki tau pUchh hi nA.." and Vibha started narrating her
sex with the vagabond that she had previous while returning home.
Both, Vibha and Reena were drinking and smoking continuously and
watching the film also as Reena went into details of her experience.
The blonde in the film was on her back now, her body covered from the
waist down by the man fucking her, his legs plastered against her
own, his arms stretched out on each side of her body, his mouth open
in pure ecstasy. The other man was on his knees and managed to point
his cock directly down at her, positioning the stem so that eating it
was as simple as a tilt of the head, an opening of the mouth, and a
good suck emanating from within. Vibha and Reena, both were high on
drinks and feeling horny too. Vibha leaned back on sofa and propped
her feet on the coffee table. Reena who was watching the sexual
activity on TV, looked at Vibha's beautiful feet in black high-heeled
sandals. "Yaar terey gorey paira ye sandal mein bahut sexy lagtey
hain.tu bhi meri tarah sexy high heels pahananA pasand karti hai.."
Reena said exhaling a long drag of smoke. "High heels vaale sandals
tau mei jaan hain.mere paas kama~se~kama 150 pairs sandal hain. her
rang kay aur design kay. " Vibha said. "High heels pahni hui aurat ki
visheSha hi baat hoti hai. Heels pahanane se chAla mein hirni jaisa
grace aur charm aa~jAtA hai.her kadama kitna nAzuka aur komala lagta
hai." Vibha continued as Reena also put her feet on table showing her
own feet in five-inch red heels. "Sabsey badA phAyada tau yeh hai ki
har dekhney vale aadmi kA lund salaami deney ke liye khadA ho jAtA
hai." Vibha leaned further and pulled Reena's feet in her laps.
Then, lowering her head slightly and opening her mouth, Vibha let her
tongue trace lightly across the leather of sandals. "Sandals ka
exotic flavor mujhe pAgal banA detA hai" Vibha whispered as her
tongue danced and slid over the shiny red straps and heels of Reena's
sandals. Watching closely, Reena purred with delight and
said: "Mmmmmm. Very nice!"
Reena's tongue began to cruise in earnest across the contours of
Reena's sandals, and sucked her heels like a penis. Her tongue darted
between her exposed toes, tasting the tanginess of Reena's
perspiration, cleaning her thoroughly. None of them was now
interested in the scenes that appeared on the TV screen. Reena put
her arms around Vibha and kissed her passionately on mouth. Their
tongues explored every inch of each other's mouth. They briefly broke
apart and helped remove each other's sarees and again embraced each
other passionately, their hand roaming over the other's back and all.
Then, they separated and fondled each other's tits over the thin
material of the blouses, during which they helped each other remove
the blouses and bras. Vibha swooped down onto Reena's nipples and
practically swallowed her tits. Reena also reached down and caressed
Vibha's tits. In between they repeatedly kissed and after a while
Vibha lowered her head and began softly licking and sucking Reena's
sensitive nipples. Vibha pulled with her soft wet lips on Reena's
thick rosy nipples until they burned delightfully and grew tall and
spiky. Then she scissored them with her fingers, and rolled and
plucked and pinched them lovingly, and sucked them again, more
sharply this time, driving Reena absolutely crazy with sweet
pleasure. Both of them now were gasping, writhing, driven by urgent
desires, and Reena slipped her arms around Vibha's bare back and
pulled the panting woman against her, feeling their firm naked
breasts mash and squirm together, her own tight nipples still wet
with Vibha's warm spittle. She burrowed her searching tongue into
Vibha's ear, and stroked the smooth silky flesh of her back, kissed
and gently bit her long creamy neck, humming low senseless husky
sounds, murmuring into Vibha's hair. "uummmmm.. chod mujhe.kitnA
mazA. uuuunnnhhh." Vibha, almost breathless with lust, slid down
Reena's trembling body and pulled the "Dori" (chord) of her petticoat
and peeled Reena's petticoat down Reena's long milky legs in one
rapid movement. She was not wearing panties as usual. Now Reena was
completely naked except for her sandals, and shivering with
anticipation. Trying to control the shaking of her body, she watched
Vibha slip out of her petticoat and skim her lace panties down her
fair thighs. Then she took Reena back into her arms, both of them
moaning with deep emotion now as their smooth supple bodies coiled
together. Reena ran her hands down Vibha's long lovely back to her
buttocks, and squeezed them, and ran her finger up and down the warm
crack between them. Reena gazed into Vibha's flushed, passionate
face, digging her fingers into the springy round flesh of her
quivering ass, Hot tight tremors seized her body as she tried to
relax, to yield herself to the pleasure of Vibha's mouth and hands,
which were exploring every inch of her naked flesh, and descending,
kissing her ribs and her flat silken stomach. "Ohhnnnn ... ohhnnnn !"
she moaned. She wanted to have Vibha at the same moment that Vibha
had her, and yet the feel of Vibha's firm, insistent hands on her
inner thighs, pushing them apart, and Vibha's mouth on her panting
belly, on her twisting hips, was almost too lovely to bear, and too
good to stop. Her pussy was dripping with juice, burbling with fire.
She wanted to eat Vibha's cunt just as much as Vibha wanted to eat
hers, but before she could squirm around into a good position for it--
her whole body convulsed with joy as she felt Vibha's mouth
passionately kissing her wet crack!
"Unnnnhhh ... ohhhnnnnohhhhnnn ohhh! ahhhhhhh!" she cried out, her
hips jumping and gyrating helplessly as sensations of honey fire
unlike shot through her flowing, hungry pussy. Feverishly her fingers
grasped and stroked Vibha's body, her waist, her long silky back, her
smooth high ass, but when Vibha's tongue slithered into the depths of
her aching cunt she nearly gagged with joy, and dropped her hands,
and yielded her body completely to the woman. She wanted to fuck
Vibha too, but for the moment there was nothing she could do about
it. Her own body shuddered and rippled with flame, she was delirious
with desire. Vibha's tongue searched and probed the wet meat of her
burning slit. She felt it rasp against the taut, shrieking bundle of
nerves in her dilated clit, and made crazy cawing sounds in her
throat, writhing and moaning, rotating her quivering pelvis
instinctively, thrusting her soupy cunt up into the invading mouth of
her friend. Weak and trembling with hot delight, Reena whimpered and
moaned and surrendered totally. "chod mujhe..khA jA meri choot., I
don't care, jo chAhey kar merey sAth, jaaneman, Vibha meri jaan,
kuchha bhi jo tU chAhey! It's so fucking good!" She heard the quick
lip-smacking sounds Vibha's mouth made as Vibha thirstily gobbled her
seething, juicing pit, heard Vibha's low humming moans and grunts,
felt the woman's fingernails biting into the flesh of her thighs and
buttocks, and it all whipped her lust into a more fiery whirl. Her
fingers found Vibha's bobbing head, and feathered her hair
spastically, and grasped through to her scalp. She pulled Vibha's
mouth into her juicy cunt, clamped Vibha's head in her bucking thighs
and squeezed it, trying to bear the fierce intensity of the
sensations that ripped through her quaking body. They were like one
writhing, flipping, striving, whooping body, with Vibha's tongue
stabbing her clasping wet furrow, and Reena rolling helplessly on her
back, groaning the sweet torment of her fuck- joy at the ceiling.
Reena knew she would come, any second now she would come, but she
didn't want to, she wanted it to go on forever. " Ohhhh, make it
last, chalney dey. aur der tak chalney dey! Ohhhnnnn meri rAni ...
Vibha ... Vib oh Vibha unh! unhhhh! Ahhhhhgggg! Oh! hA.N maen Aney
vAli hUn,... ohhhhh maen chutney vAli hun--". Vibha had wanted to go
on forever too, but when she sensed Reena was close she went for the
hard burning berry of Reena's clit, and nearly swallowed it. Reena
exploded. She screamed and knew she was dying. "UNNNEEEEE! OHHHH!
AIIEEEEE!" she screeched, her body roasted and pulverized by hot
clenching spasms. Her climax ripped her apart, tore at every tender
raw nerve, and she lay burning and shuddering and sobbing
uncontrollably as it wrenched her with shock after shock. Vibha then
pulled Reena's face into her own long red wet gash of cunt, whose
head filled with the thick musky odors of Vibha's overflowing cunt
juice. Surprised that the power of her still-throbbing orgasm had
done nothing to diminish her desire, Reena felt the hot blood beating
behind her eyes, in her eardrums, and stared with fascination at the
lovely glistening red wound that blossomed in readiness for her kiss.
Reena licked the puffy slick cunt lips on each side of the gaping red
hole in the center, and Vibha's hips suddenly flipped into quick
bucking motions, her ass wriggling, her thigh muscles flexing as she
groaned and whinnied, digging her frenzied fingers into the rumpled
sheet. "Aauunngghh ... uunngg!" she grunted. "teza. Do it fast. Hard!
Zor se..teza kar! Oh hA.NNNNN, aisey hi, agggghh!"
Vibha's splayed pussy was shiny with juice, her cunt lips swollen and
engorged with hot blood. Her hips rose and flipped and bounced so
spasmodically that Reena could hardly get her mouth on the lovely
creaming slit. Still, she pressed her face into it and jabbed her
tongue deep into the tangy clasping channel, poking and piercing and
tongue-fucking the woman for all she was worth, slurping and gobbling
the juicy feast of Vibha's sizzling pussy. She dug and rooted in
Vibha's slimy, delicious trench with her tongue, bringing gargled
yelps of joy from Vibha's passion-clotted throat. The mewling and
whimpering sounds Vibha made, and the helpless rolling and writhing
of her lovely body, jacked up Reena's giddy lust to higher and higher
levels. Moaning and humming with crazy seething hunger, she devoured
Vibha's shimmering red gash, licking the delectable mushy wet folds
from top to bottom, sucking the swollen vulva between her lips, lip-
mauling Vibha's clenching, juice-streaming pit, and tongue-jabbing
the woman to death, sucking the pulsating wet string of the girl's
distended clitoris till Vibha screamed and thrashed wildly, her hips
bucking and surging, her body tensing and flexing and flashing toward
her orgasm.
"Unnnn ... nnuuunnnnn," Vibha groaned, demented with frenzied need.
Reena sucked and tongue-raped the woman's flooding tasty pussy,
thirstily swallowing the buttery juices, reeling as she inhaled the
thick odors, but it was all she could do to hold the flipping,
squirming girl down. Though small, Vibha was strong, and her hips
quivered and bucked off the sofa, flinging her cunt up into Reena's
rapacious mouth. Reena grasped at Vibha's flexing thighs, at the
gyrating bones of her flipping, jerking pelvis, trying to hold her
steady. She dug her fingers into Vibha's round clenching buttocks,
and Vibha whooped with joy. "Hai rabbA. hA.NNNNN !" she hissed
through her teeth. "nicho.D Dal mujhe, meri gAnd dabA, merey mumme
nicho.D! Aauunnnnnnn!" Her strong thighs clamped Reena's head tightly
in her wet crotch. She wheezed and pumped, ground her pussy into
Reena's mouth, and Reena slid her hands up to the girl's rolling hard-
nippled breasts and caught them and squeezed them, hanging on as if
she were only there for the ride, her lips tightly fastened around
the slick swollen nub of Vibha's clit, as Vibha began to come in
great rolling waves of spasming honey shocks. "Ohh! Ohh!" Vibha half-
screamed. Her body was a fury of wrenching, undulating
tremors. "YAIIIEEEEE! UNH! YAIIIEEEEE!" she screamed, coming and
coming with terrifying, murderous intensity. Vibha moaned and writhed
and came forever, it seemed, but Reena hung on to her, burying her
tongue in the hot creaming depths of her friend's come-shattered
pussy, milking delightful hot throbs out of Vibha's swollen aching
breasts with her hands. When the shocks subsided, Vibha was still
gasping, her lovely face torn with the beautiful agony of her climax.



