Maybe he falls completely asleep for a few minutes or maybe Orlando just tunes the clatter of it out, but the next sound he’s aware of is an odd flickering, a whisk-y kind of noise. He almost rolls over on his side and ignores it, but it goes on for around thirty seconds, and eventually he’s curious enough to open his eyes and find out what it is.

Cards. Billy is shuffling cards, doing it almost absently. He’s got his back propped against the bulk of his saddle and one knee cocked up, boot heel dug firmly into the sandy west-Texas soil. His other leg is stretched out in front of him, the sole of his boot inches from the fire he’s staring into. His hands seem to be moving on their own, shuffling the deck, bridging it back together, again and again. Orlando can’t tell if Billy is thinking hard or not thinking at all. His face is expressionless, calm.

Orlando hasn’t really been able to figure Billy out that much. He’s stopped asking questions about Billy, though. Billy just looks at him, when he asks, brows level and eyes veiled.

“You talk too much, kid,” he’d said once, and Orlando had been so stung he’d snapped his mouth shut and bit his tongue. He’s pretty sure Billy had noticed, but he hadn’t said anything, much to Orlando’s relief.

He’ll mostly answer about trivial things, though.

“What are you doing?” he asks, and Billy’s gaze shifts away from the fire, focusing on Orlando slowly, like he’d been miles away. His lips flicker, something that might almost be a smile. The first one Orlando has seen from Billy, and whether it really counts or not, Orlando grins back, big and wide and probably pretty stupid looking, he thinks, but he can’t stop it.

He likes Billy, and he isn’t sure at all that Billy likes him. Even an almost-smile is better than a bland expression or a quirked eyebrow (which always seems to communicate Billy’s aggravation at Orlando’s babbling, whether that’s what it really means or not).

Billy feels his cheeks shift against his teeth, one of the interior expressions that replaced more public displays years ago, and sends the cards skimming from one hand to the other. Shuffling, he thinks about saying, but doesn’t. After all, the kid’s trying; instead of voicing every question that pops into his head, he’s started just staring at Billy hard enough to wear holes through saddle leather whenever he’s curious. Not a lot more subtle, granted, but still an improvement.

He flips the deck into a bridge and shifts his gaze back to the fire. “Feeling the cards,” he says, and resists the smirk that rises unbidden as he senses more than sees Orlando’s eyebrows start to climb toward his hairline. “You need to practice when you’re on the road, make sure you can move them just right every time. Otherwise, you’ll shift them in your hand next time you play, and you’ll do it more when the stakes are higher.”

Orlando props himself up on one arm, frowning a little. “What happens if you shift them?” he asks.

This time, Billy lets his eyebrow arch upward like it wants to and turns his head to watch a familiar flush rise and burn across the kid’s face. Dryly, he answers, “You lose.”

Orlando manages not to avert his gaze in spite of the heated flush he can feel staining his face and neck. He’s going to have to get used to it sooner or later, going to have to learn to ignore the tone of Billy’s voice, which always sounds faintly mocking (he’s almost sure it actually is faintly mocking, but thinking that seems unfair and uncharitable, and his mother would chide him for it) to Orlando.

For long moments, he can’t think of anything to say to follow that up. It seems almost designed to end the conversation, and Orlando still isn’t sure if Billy does that on purpose, or if he’s just not used to actually carrying on conversations. Almost everything Billy says seems designed to end a conversation, and though he’s never actually told Orlando to shut up, not in those precise words, Orlando isn’t a complete idiot.

He bites his lip and steals a look at Billy from the corner of his eye.

He’s still making the cards do improbable things between his hands, using quick, precise gestures that don’t look like they require enough effort to produce the results they are getting. He watches, fascinated (forgetting to be surreptitious) until he can see the tiny motions behind the movements, the way Billy’s smallest finger tucks up under the deck when he splays the cards from one hand to the other, steadying and directing it, the way his wrist snaps and his fingers tent against the dully gleaming surface of the cards.

I could do that, he thinks, and he’s pretty sure of it. It doesn’t even look as complicated as knitting, and his mum had taught him to do that in a couple of hours. He has always been good with his hands.

Billy is watching Orlando watching him, and Orlando can feel heat coming back to his face again at being caught staring. Almost defensively, he says, “I think I can do that,” and holds his hand out for the deck.

Billy almost-smiles again, up goes his eyebrow, and the dull heat in Orlando’s face makes him feel almost angry, more at himself than Billy (because he’s the half-wit that can’t take a little amusement at his expense without blushing like a stupid kid). “Do you now?” Billy says, and there is no mistaking the indulgent disbelief in his tone as he hands Orlando the deck.

He ignores it as much as he can, arranging his hands in careful imitation of Billy’s, and flexes the cards carefully between them for a moment, feeling them in what is a not-completely-unconscious reaction to what Billy had said earlier), just to get used to their texture and weight and density. It isn’t much different than getting used to the weight and slide-snick-slip-slide of the knitting needles, and it only takes him a moment to feel confident with them, to be sure he knows how they will act in his hands.

He shuffles once, twice, quick and easy, bridges them neatly on the third shuffle, and then twists his wrist (another conscious imitation of Billy’s neat, precise movements) and they arc neatly through the air from right hand to left, making a noise like the hoof beats of a cantering horse in miniature, perfect rhythm, perfect speed, which Orlando finds completely and imminently satisfying. He beams, pleased with himself, and looks at Billy again (not without some hope of seeing surprise or approval or something other than mocking amusement in his face).

Billy hadn’t expected the kid to ask for the cards, and he certainly hadn’t expected anything to come of it (except maybe an half-hour cleaning the dust out of his deck), so what he’s seeing ... when Orlando flips the cards flawlessly between his hands, Billy’s so surprised that he forgets to breathe for a moment. He’d spent two weeks practicing that trick (hour after hour, rough rock against his back, the deck he’d stolen from the general store scuffed and dirty in his sticky hands) before he could manage it without fumbling, and it took another month before he looked half that smooth at it. And the kid just...

This changes things. Billy’d picked Orlando up off the side of the road without stopping to think about it (uncharacteristic, that, and he’s wanted to kick himself for it a few times since), and he’s spent the past few weeks wondering what he was going to do with him. Martha always needed more hands out at her ranch, and he’d more or less made up his mind to pass the kid over to her, but ... no. He’s not about to leave him to a life of dumb, hard labor. Not when his hands can do that.

Not if Billy can teach him.

He’s got his face back under control by the time Orlando looks back up, now flushed with pleasure and so eager for approval that Billy feels an old ache twist at the sight. When he was younger than the kid is now, his brother Jack rescued a puppy from a trio of local bullies, a mangy mutt he christened Stick who followed him everywhere. Whenever Jack’d talk to Stick, the mere fact of Jack’s attention would make Stick beat her tail against the ground in stupid happiness. Orlando’s looking at Billy like that now.

“You move your fingers too much.” First thing that pops into his head, and Billy curses silently when the kid’s grin fades and falls in on itself-- nice work, you sour shit.

“A good player watches for any extra movement, because that’s what gives your hand away.” The kid drops his gaze to a hole in his jeans, and Billy suppresses a grimace and scoots closer.

“Here, watch,” he says, taking the deck back and knocking it once against his palm.

“What you did was this—“ he arcs the cards across, letting his fingers flicker out, fan-like, into full extension—“but all you need to do is this—“ and then arcs the cards back with the economy of motion that took him so long to master, that now comes like breathing. “You see the difference?”

Orlando nods, and Billy holds the deck out to him. “Think you can do it right?”

Orlando hesitates for a moment before taking the deck, because now he’s bloody nervous. He does take it, though, after he wipes his clammy palms on his denims.

He doesn’t look at Billy. He doesn’t want to see if he noticed that nervous little gesture (which he thinks is pretty likely); knowing that he had will only make Orlando more nervous.

Instead he thinks hard about the placement of Billy’s hand on the deck -- it helps that Billy had been very specific when he had shown Orlando the difference, makes it lots easier to feel the difference when he handles the cards -- and works his fingers carefully into an identical configuration.

Nothing showy, he thinks, worrying at his bottom lip a little. Subtle, go for subtle. Which makes sense, if it’s something Billy does deliberately, something he wants to make look easy. Like intimidation, without the bullying part. Intimidating the other players with sheer confidence. Yeah.

He breaks the deck, shuffles it once, just to be sure his hands aren’t sweating enough to change the way the cards move, and then sprays them neatly into his waiting left hand.

Easy.

He doesn’t look up right away this time, though. He does it again, instead, and then again, because repetition is the key to getting it right every time, making his fingers remember the subtleties of the motion as well as the mechanics.

With the first attempt, Billy can see that Orlando’s understood. When he doesn’t stop, but keeps sending the deck from hand to hand, it becomes slowly clear that he’s learned a deeper lesson, one Billy hadn’t been consciously trying to teach him. He’s not just doing it for Billy’s approval, or to show how clever he is. The kid’s doing it for the mastery. And Billy watches him shoot the cards back and forth, two minutes, ten, smoothing the imperfections that could give his thoughts away, until each pass is as sleek and merciless as train wheels down a track. Billy watches and thinks, I can make a poker player out of him.

When the first telltale tremor of muscle fatigue appears (left pinky, unavoidable for a beginner), he drops one hand lightly onto the kid’s shoulders and the kid stills immediately, obedient. Gently, Billy reaches down to reclaim the deck, and when Orlando looks up at him, Billy lets the smile stay on his face.

“Not bad,” he tells him. “Not bad.”

The smile is a helpless reaction. He can feel it stretching his cheeks and revealing his teeth and warming his chest.

Okay, great. Billy is smiling, and his eyes are more expressive than his words. Orlando thinks he looks interested, maybe for the first time, in Orlando. Like Orlando has surprised him, which is just fine with him.

“It’s not that hard,” he says, cocking his head to look at Billy slightly sideways, considering the expression on his face. Billy is looking at the cards again. The smile had fallen away from his face nearly as soon as he had looked down, and now he’s frowningly focused -- not like he’s actually frowning, more like he’s just concentrating, and he’s the sort of bloke that frowns when he’s doing that -- and turning the deck over and over in his hands.

“Do you win a lot?” Orlando asks, a little tentatively. “Are you really good? How did you learn how to play? Is it hard?”

He stops when he hears how he sounds, young and stupid, and shifts against his bedroll.

Billy’s grateful when the kid (Orlando, time to start using his name, Boyd) cuts himself off, because it’s been ... a long time, since he’s kept any company but his own. He stares into the fire and cuts the deck, trying to remember how this goes. Conversation. He knew how to do it, once.

”I learned the rules from some ranch hands, when I was a couple years younger than you are,” he says, slowly, feeding one stack of cards back into the other by touch. “I learned how to play by watching. Took a year before I ever sat down at a table. These days, I win more often than I lose.” He cuts again, sifts the cards together. Tries to remember the questions Orlando had asked—did that cover it?

No. There was one more. A big one. He slides the deck back into a neat stack and folds his hands around it, thinking.

”Poker, real poker ... s’never easy. If you sit down at the table and it’s a game, or it’s a job ... you’ll lose. Not every time, but when it counts, you’ll lose. There’s a truth to poker—it shows everyone the way they really are. When you learn to see that ... that’s when you know how to play.”

Billy trails off, uncomfortable. He’s never tried to put this in words before. No one’s ever asked. Carefully, he slides the cards back into their case and tucks them into the leather satchel, feeling Orlando’s eyes locked on him as he ties the cord shut.

When Billy weaves the cards together -- not normal shuffling, just shifting the deck into two loose piles and sort of sliding them together, frictionless -- his thumbs drive most of the motion while the rest of his fingers form a careful cradle for each half of the deck. Orlando watches, his own fingers twitching involuntarily, paying as much attention to Billy’s hands as to his words, until he stops talking entirely and stows his deck -- he handles it carefully, the same way he handles his guns, which Orlando thinks is probably telling, although he’s not really sure what it tells.

Billy has compact, deft hands -- nothing like Orlando’s, which are a little too big for the rest of his body, with long, slim fingers and hard ridges of callused skin across his palms just below the fingers from roping and bailing and fencing -- which Orlando finds frankly fascinating.

They don’t look like they should be as dexterous as Orlando has just seen them proven to be. Like Billy, actually, who is probably five or six inches shorter than Orlando, and slim, but had hauled Orlando up onto the back of his horse (that day, the day he’d left home) like Orlando weighed no more than a girl.

He’s always known that appearances can be deceiving. His stepfather, for example, is a handsome man from back East. He has fine manners, is well liked by their neighbors, loved by Orlando’s mother (who is by no means a stupid woman), and respected in the tight knit community of ranchers that had known and liked Orlando’s father.

He is also means as a snake, unkind to horses, and had hated eight-year old Orlando for no reason other than that he was not his son, and yet would inherit the ranch eventually, anyway.

He likes Billy -- maybe that was inevitable, since Billy had taken Orlando along with him for no reason other than that Orlando’d had nowhere else to go -- but he’s been thinking of Billy as a fairly simple bloke. Not stupid, not by any means, but not... well, not deep.

But maybe that isn’t true at all.

He wants to ask Billy to teach him to play, but he has the idea that saying that right now might be a bit too sudden. Maybe saying it at all would be a bad idea. Hard to say. He’s never met anyone before that took weeks to warm up enough to even talk to him, and he doesn’t know how to behave with someone like that.

”When it counts?” he asks carefully, not looking at Billy at all, because he’s afraid what he actually wants to say will show on his face. “That means when it’s for money?”

There’s a pause, which might mean that Billy’s thinking about it, or it might mean that the conversation, such as it had been, is already over and Orlando just hadn’t realized it. He threads his hands together on top of one bent knee and scratches at the denim with the nails of both thumbs, listening to the rough whisk of the weave in the still air. Finally, Billy says: “Usually that’s when it counts. Not just money, but for High Stakes.”

High Stakes, Orlando thinks, pondering the words, and the way they sound when Billy says them, like they’re important. “Can you make a living at it?”

He glances over at Billy in spite of himself, but he can’t tell anything about Billy’s face in the yellow-orange flicker of the firelight. “Some can,” Billy says softly.

”Can you?"

There are two basic types of poker players, at least at the upper levels. Confidence men, who use charm and flash to intimidate, false personalities as a form of misdirection. They'll patter on about the tournaments they won and the whores who bedded them for it, all the while dropping eight different tells, and the moment you let the front sucker you, you've lost. And then there are the stone men, who never count their chips or rearrange their cards and generally act like each extra movement costs a dollar.

Billy is one of the silent ones, to a point. He knows how to play intimidation games with words, and it's won him tournaments more than once, but his stock in trade is the iron stillness that makes even the best confidence men start to sweat. "More like a gun than a rock," Martha told him last time he rode through, and he supposes she's right. There's a line between inscrutability and naked threat. He's made a career of straddling it. And Orlando doesn't know this, but one of the rules all stone men privately keep is that you never talk about your game. That's for the confidence men to do, and as soon as you let yourself fall into their patterns, you might as well lay your hand out and leave the table. For stone men, it's an almost religious superstitious-- trade your edge for pride just once, and you're gone.

But if he's going to teach Orlando, he's going to have to talk about this. No way around it. Billy digs into his back pocket for the tobacco pouch and papers and starts rolling himself a cigarette. "I have," he tells him, not looking up from the task at hand.

Billy's hands rolling a cigarette are just as deft and certain as Billy's hands with a deck of cards in them. When he's finished he has a slim, pale cylinder, tightly rolled. He doesn't seem to have wasted a single flake of tobacco. He rolls it between his fingers for a moment, then slides it between his lips and retrieves a match from his shirt pocket, flicking it alight on the seam of his denims. In the flare of light from the match near his face, Orlando sees that Billy's eyes are still on him.

"Can I have one?" Orlando asks, on impulse. Billy blinks at him behind the veil of smoke, and then shrugs with one shoulder and hands Orlando the pouch and papers. "Thanks."

He isn't anywhere near as neat or quick as Billy, but he'd paid enough attention to be able to do a passable job.

"Then why were you working on my ... my stepfather's ranch," he asks eventually, when the cigarette is almost finished.

It's only a little pause, but it goes on long enough for Billy to wonder what's underneath. If Orlando had meant to say something else first, Billy wouldn't put money on "father" having been it. He picks up a smooth flat stone and turns it between his fingers.

"Sometimes, it's a few months between tournaments," he says evenly. "Hard to make the money last and keep enough for the entrance fee. Ranching's honest work; I don't mind it. What I grew up doing."

He's not quick enough to stop the last bit, though he masks the blink that wants to follow. Why the hell had he told the kid that?

Orlando's frowning a little, like he's adding up sums in his head and isn't sure they match. Whatever he's thinking, it's distracting him enough that Billy can actually watch the butt burn down and singe Orlando's fingers. He jumps, swearing a little (the faint accent's back, the one that only shoes up when he's preoccupied or upset), and fumbles to pinch it out. Billy hides a smile as the familiar flush rises in Orlando's cheek and looks blandly back at the fire.

"Aren't there ... low stakes games you could play in between?" Orlando's voice is unruffled enough, though Billy can see him shredding the offending butt out of the corner of his eye.

He nods and flips the stone across the backs of his knuckles. "Yep. But I don't like playing too often. They know my name, the bigger boys, and some of the smaller ones too. Better if not too many have a face to put to it." A memory flits across his mind unbidden-- dark Austin street, rough hands hauling his shoulders back, a drunken laugh and a gunshot-- and the night gets a little colder. "Better to play the smaller tables lightly. You win too easy, too often, some decide you're getting greedy."

He spits on a rock at the edge of the fire and listens to it sizzle.

"Trouble's expensive."

"Smaller games," Orlando says slowly, thinking out loud, "are probably more likely to attract men who can't afford to lose what they're betting."

Billy doesn't move or speak, but Orlando thinks he can feel Billy looking at him nevertheless. He stifles the urge to check and see, and then has to stifle an equally strong urge to fidget.

"Men playing for big money probably already have lots of money. So they're less likely to act like fools when they lose," he continues slowly. Which makes sense to him. If he were playing, for example -- ignoring the fact that he has no money at all, of course -- chances were he'd be doing it with his last few dollars. Losing it would mean no food, no place to sleep other than the road. Losing it would be a big problem. It might drive him to do something desperate and foolhardy. Big money games were probably only really played by men that had enough money that losing it might be unpleasant, but not dangerous to their livelihoods.

"That's often true," Billy says. "Not always."

Orlando glances at him, but Billy isn't doing anything at all now, is just looking into the fire. If there is any expression at all on his face, it's too complicated to make out with the way the shadows jump and dance in this light. Although Orlando seriously doubts his ability to have figured out Billy's expression even if he'd had the full light of high noon to work with.

He ponders what to say for a while. It's like groping in the dark, trying to find the right words to keep a conversation with Billy going. Each sentence is like flicking a match lit and looking around wildly for a candle, something solid and steady that can be depended upon to keep the light going for a while.

His hands feel twitchy, as they often do when they're empty and he's nervous, and he has to concentrate hard to keep them still.

"I'd like to learn to play," he says finally (and it comes out sounding more like a challenge than a request), because he can't think of anything better to say, and because he's not patient enough to wait and hope that Billy offers -- and not at all certain that Billy would make such an offer anyhow -- and because he's getting a little impatient with Billy, too.

After all, he's not an idiot or a child. He'll admit being young (a young man, thank you), and he knows he gets on Billy's nerves (his mum always says that he's like a barn full of kittens, cute, sometimes useful, but more likely to aggravate a body than actually serve any purpose) with all his questions, but he's getting bloody sick of working so hard to prove that he's neither stupid nor helpless. He knows it's partly his own fault -- he's been trying to avoid irritating Billy because the simple truth is, he doesn't have anywhere else to go, and if Billy leaves him standing on the side of the road, he's likely to have some trouble getting along on his own -- but dammit, it's not like Billy's exactly easy to get on with, either, and he's sure not going out of his way to accommodate Orlando.

The tension in Orlando's voice is unmistakable, particularly to someone whose livelihood rests on his ability to correctly identify both nerves and aggressiveness. This already matters to Orlando. Good, Billy thinks, satisfaction rising warm and subtle in his chest. He'd been wondering how long it would take Orlando to ask. If Billy had offered, there wouldn't have been any incentive, but if he thinks he's in Billy's debt for this, he'll work harder to prove he warrants the favor. Practiced deadpan firmly in place, Billy turns his head and lets the full weight of his gaze come to rest on Orlando, who stares defiantly back at him, lower jaw jutting slightly, obviously trying not to fidget.

He lets the silence ride for a minute, then snags his bedroll and tucks it under his head as he lies down. The multitude of stars shine crisply in the dark night sky. "We'll start tomorrow," he says.