Jonathan stared at the active girls, eyes wide open, drinking in the details, utterly rapt. Alex smiled benevolently at his reaction; the sensation of power took a lot of getting used to, he supposed. Of course, the Whytes grew up with it.
Still, it was interesting that Jonathan still hadn't acclimatised to it. The mental control device that, by his own story, he had first built five years ago in his spare time during his fourth year of an electronics engineering course at university - well, if you could call it that; Alex didn't pay much attention to the current scholastic scene outside of the family's preferred Cambridge college, Trinity Hall, where his son was currently in residence, but he suspected the University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology had once been a polytechnic, and that wasn't really the sort of place a Whyte would call a university - worked well and, guided as so many young lads were these days solely by his testicles, he'd enjoyed five years of control and sex since. Yet he still hadn't lost his fascination for it. Alex hadn't felt like that since he first lost his virginity with... Claudia, it had been... back at the tender age of thirteen. He'd been obsessed for weeks after that, but gradually regained his control over himself and cut back on exerting his control over the girls, primary purpose accomplished.
He turned to the computer and sat in front of it, firing it up and shutting out the noise of the coupling girls almost absently. This wasn't something he enjoyed, but a Whyte knew what duty was. The club had to be informed of this new item of business, this possible new member. And a Whyte did not delay duty for pleasure. He merely redoubled the pleasure once the duty was done.
He dialled in connected at once to the club's website. A clatter of keys entered the password and gained him access to their records. He ignored that, going straight for the conversation room - for a Whyte, and his peers, would not deign to 'chat' - where, as he had expected, Philip was waiting, like the dutiful club secretary he was.
***
Smythe: A decision, so soon?

Whyte: The evidence is either there or not. As well you know. I intend to sponsor this young man for entry.

Smythe: He is genuine, then?

Whyte: He is either genuine or possessed of both a very good, uncomplaining actress and a forger of the highest calibre. I took the liberty of inspecting the contents of his slave's purse. One warrant card (she holds the rank of Detective Sergeant in the local constabulary), one Barclaycard, one American Express, one driving license, one library card and one National Insurance card. No money; I assume he has taken it. The NI number is KK 09 07 47 H. Have Geoffrey check that this does indeed come back to a Jane Herbert, occupation policewoman, will you?

Smythe: Of course. We'll also ascertain that the warrant card, and so forth, have not been stolen recently. He took her money? Clearly no gentleman.

Whyte: Quite true. But I believe we have time to change that. I see from the internal message net that he attempted to introduce one of his snakes into the building. Fortunately, it seems my hold on Clara is stronger than the influence it exerts. I should have a schematic diagram to present to the Committee by the 21st. While I see no reason the Wellspring Club should adopt anyone who is not a gentleman, I recognise some potential in the man. We will convert him given time. And the presence of a mole in the police - something I regret not having created for my area before now, but plead the limits of my power - will make the conflict with Bureau 15 much simpler. It may even allow me to free Adrienne once more.

Smythe: That would be a logical conclusion, should we be able to alter this young man in time. But this would simply draw 15's attention.

Whyte: This would be a satisfactory outcome. Recent experiments suggest that I would be able to establish a hold over them, should it be needed.

Smythe: Jolly good. I'll leave you to it, then.

Whyte: Thank you. Au revoir.

Smythe: Until Wednesday, then.
***
Alex cut the connection and closed the window quickly. He smiled in vindictive satisfaction; the reflected light of the monitor glinted off his canines, slightly longer than they should be.
He turned back to the frantic girls, now both approaching climax for the second time, and his smile grew. Duty was done, and now pleasure could take centre stage. And if he had anything to do with it, it damn well would. He hadn't had such a good time over the years without putting pleasure where it was supposed to be, and then taking as much as possible.
He opened a drawer in the desk and pulled out a hip flask. He unscrewed the cap and took a quick swallow, closing his eyes as the warm liquid slid down his throat. Now this was far better than whiskey. He screwed the cap back on and shut it back in the drawer, then leaned back in his chair to get a better view of this girl - Jane -'s breasts rubbing over Michelle's belly. The nipples weren't aroused; Alex considered that a pretty good indicator. Jane was programmed to come at the right times, but the concept of enjoying it wasn't there. Jonathan really didn't care whether his 'slaves' had fun or not. The question ran through his mind about their ability to have fun even in ways they would have done before. He decided that, whether or not they did, they would certainly appear to have fun when Jonathan joined in. Someone that age had to have an ego that would point that out. Or he was a robot fetishist; equally possible, Alex decided. He hoped it was the former; it could be difficult working out the kinks in someone's sexual habits, which would have to be done to turn Jonathan into a gentleman. Still - his eyebrows shot up as Jane contorted herself and Michelle into a new and unlikely position - he did put on a good show in the circus; he'd been to see it once, and avoided the mental influences on the video screen with the same devices the club employed to prevent a member gaining the upper hand, and Jonathan had clearly studied the old circus shows. By the looks of things he'd had Jane learn to be an acrobat, too. How did she-?
He blinked again, briefly, and eyes turned to black pupils once more. Sight was enhanced, somehow, so that he could see each of Jane's muscles that strained against her skin as subtle bulges against the skin. Realization dawned; nothing particularly special about it, when you realised. It just wouldn't have been immediately apparent. Reminded him of one of those Russian contortionists he'd seen during a show in London recently, but a damn sight more erotic. He blinked again and reverted to normal eyes and sight. The picture suddenly became a little further away, but remained in perfect focus.
***
"Something weird is definitely going on up here," David Carver said into his mobile phone. He rubbed his bleary eyes; it had been a long day for the Scotland Yard man. Or, at least, Dave Carver who was currently posing as a Scotland Yard operative.
"Like?" the voice at the other end of the line said.
"Like we just had her hypnotised."
"I thought she admitted doing it."
"She did. But the DI wants to know why she did it, and why her best friends all claimed they witnessed it. Including two girls who couldn't have seen it because they were busy elsewhere. So he calls in the force shrink to find out what those two were doing, because they wouldn't admit to a motive for reporting her. He goes through everything, gives up, and finally gets on to hypnosis, right?"
"Right."
"And that still doesn't yield any reason for them doing it. Not peer pressure, not a dislike for the killer, not media whitewash, not even a joke. No reason whatsoever. They just did it."
"Go on."
"Well, the only reason you might ever expect to see anything like that is if someone hypnotised them first. I mean, I went over all this with you three days ago when this all started, right?"
"Yeah. Can we get to the important bit?"
"Which is what?"
"Whatever new developments you've got."
"Well, the shrink's now hypnotised all of the witnesses and this Adrienne Little. None of them had any reason for what they did. And he's spent five hours on each trying to uncover any previous hypnosis. Not that that was all that likely in the first place, since getting friends to do something as obviously damaging to friends as what they've done would be extremely difficult."
"And?"
"Nothing. No trace of any mental manipulation. Meaning these people have done dangerous things for no reason whatsoever, not even a sudden compulsion. The shrink checked they weren't making it up to cover for someone, either; and they're not. Adrienne Little definitely killed the guy. But the DI's managed to wreck his own case; the QPS took one look at the shrink's reports and decided they couldn't prosecute. Even with a confession, the defence could have a field day. And the report suggests that Little would claim to be not guilty to the court; only admitting it to the police, like. Which means the case is fucked, but still closed. We know she did it; we just can't prove it."
"Have you thought of leaking the story to the press?"
"Sure. But there's definitely been some kind of manipulation here; getting Little locked up wouldn't stop whoever's behind this, which is my job. In any case, her employer owns the local papers and has stakes in the nationals. Except for News International, but their tabloid sales are low round here and the Times doesn't often print this sort of thing until the trial is over."
"Who's her bloody employer?"
"Sir Alexander Whyte."
"Something familiar about that name, isn't there?"
"He was one of the suspects in that vampire case about five years ago. But we disproved it, I think. We solved it, anyway, and it wasn't him. People had been turning up sans blood nearby, I think."
"That's it. He's not a vampire, no?"
"You're the one with the file nearby. But we checked him pretty thoroughly and didn't prove anything, or he wouldn't be around. Saw him out and about the other day, too. He was hiring a replacement for Adrienne."
"Very loyal of him."
"Word is she's only temporary, guv. Arrangement to change if Little goes down."
"Which isn't likely."
"No."
"No... Well, keep her under lock and key, OK? I'll see if we can get the supernatural research team down to have a look. As you say, it clearly isn't hypnosis. If we can work out what it is, we've got a much better chance of solving it."
"Sure."
"And keep an eye on Whyte. Just in case."
"Of course, guv."
***
"Nah, you'd never mistake Dad for... well, for someone with no ego." Alex's son Peter grinned at the girl sitting across the table from him.
They were both sitting outside the college halls, in the sunshine, next to the river Cam and drinking; a typical lunchtime at Trinity Hall, known affectionately to it's occupants as Tit Hall. Alex didn't intend to spend the afternoon out in the sun; he intended to spend it in bed with the girl. He was just keeping an eye out until everyone else cleared out. There'd been talk of an afternoon boating party, so he knew it was just a matter of time.
The girl was also a student, but not from one of the families the Whytes of a century ago would have thought of as equals. All the same, a quite remarkable body. Mind? Well, it had to be good - Debbie was a student at Cambridge - but it didn't seem to matter too much. He wasn't looking for a servant; he was looking for an afternoon's fun, maybe a week at the most. And at least with the hereditary abilities he possessed he didn't have to worry about crap chat-up lines.
"What about your mum, anyway? You've been quiet about her."
Peter shrugged philosophically. "Well, she died. Before I really had a chance to get any memories of her."
Finally the courtyard was still. That didn't mean everybody was gone; he was pretty certain there were about fifteen people in Robbie's room smoking joints, Robbie having paid for one of the larger rooms in Halls; but it did give him the chance to make his move. He blinked.
"What the hell?"
Debbie had broken off what she was saying now and was staring at his eyes, at the totality of blackness revealed.
"What?" Peter asked, raising his eyebrows interestedly.
"Your eyes... they've gone fucking weird. Are you OK?"
"I'm fine, as far as I know." Peter said. His eyes began to pulse blue, locking onto Debbie's eyes; a task made easy by her apparent fascination with the change. "But it's not me that matters. Are you OK? Because you look a little weak... your mind, I mean. Your mind is weak..."
"What are you on about?" Debbie asked, but without real feeling. Interest in your surroundings seemed to be the first thing to go. She wasn't even particularly interested in those eyes, but they were the nearest thing to anything of interest.
"Isn't it obvious? Your mind is weak. Surrender control to me. Wouldn't that be best?"
Debbie opened her mouth and nothing came out. She tried to nod and got halfway down before her control over her body shut down. Memory started clouding over. Peter smiled to himself, also revealing those slightly overlarge canines that were the mark of the Whyte familial line, and continued to talk.
Debbie listened. She could hardly avoid it. Eventually her eyes slid shut and her head continued it's forward descent. She heard her own voice, a vast contrast to the self-assured voice of Peter.
"I surrender, master."
Peter smiled. "Just what I wanted to hear," he said.
***
Adrienne looked obligingly into the green transparent cube. Eventually the technician holding it in fron of her shook his head and put it away.
"Dunno," he said, looking up at Carver. "Ain't like anything I've seen before."
"So it's not vampiric?"
"No chance. Nor demonic or angelic, either. There's some sort of mind control there, I'll agree, but only because you've told me what she did. No evidence what so ever. I think you could be looking at something no one's told us about."
"I don't believe that."
***
Peter got out of bed and walked over to the desk, where his laptop computer sat. The Whytes had enough money to get their young through the education system with the minimum of worry about money.
Debbie stirred in the bed behind him. "Do you mind if I ask a question, master?"
"Of course not," Peter answered, firing up the laptop as he did so.
"I assume you do this at home, too?"
"What?"
"Hypnotise people."
"That isn't quite the right word, but yes," Peter answered. Then it hit him. He sat up straighter and turned around, scrutinising her. "You're aware of what's been done?"
"Yes, master."
"And you're curious about it?"
"Yes, master."
Peter looked puzzled for a moment, but quickly quelled it. "Clearly I'm not as able as my father... Still, I believe you are sufficiently under for me to forbid you from mentioning this to anyone or writing it down and letting anyone know, or indeed communicating this fact to anyone. Now that that's settled, I may as well answer your questions. It might help me figure out where it went wrong. I assume this was leading somewhere?"
"Yes, master. Is this how you get your staff?"
"Essentially, yes."
"And your father is also capable of this... control?"
"Yes. In fact, it looks like he's better at it than I am."
"And I imagine you use the maids at your home for sex during the holidays?"
"Yes," Peter said. "Good looking girls, all of them. Why not?"
"And your father probably does, too. What's that like?"
Peter shrugged. "It's a given. I applaud his taste in women and try not to think about it while I'm busy."
Debbie looked surprised. "You don't get freaked by it?" Peter's appearance as a typical well-off student was momentarily replaced by an aloof, calm visage, still recognisably Peter but also the epitome of the unfeeling upper class gentleman; like his father, one of the breed. "A Whyte," he said, with the apparent solemnity of God reading the Ten Commandments aloud, "does not 'get freaked', no matter the provocation." He smiled, almost apologetically. "It's in the blood. Stiff upper lip, and all that. Anyway, it's just the way it is. You must have heard your mother and father having sex at some point, surely?"
"Well... yeah, once... I think."
Peter shrugged. "There you go, then. What's the problem?"
"So... have you ever thought your mum might just have been one of the staff?"
Peter shook his head emphatically. "You might have noticed something a little different about me, compared to the average human. Think about it. Anything?"
"Besides the obvious?"
"No, the obvious is what I was aiming for. Well, as you should have guessed, it's hereditary. Most of the older noble families have or had it at some time. The Whytes are one of the last few who are totally purebred; that's why we've still got it. We don't want to water it down, and while there are a few non-nobles out there with the same powers, we don't want to risk it. It'd take for ever to find someone. I think I'm going to have to, but up until now, no. We take precautions against watering it down; all the chemicals and so forth in the staff, the usual contraceptive long-term stuff. No surgery; the old ancestors didn't think it was right, so it doesn't get done. So no, my mother wasn't one of the servants."
"And she had this power too?"
"Yup. Strong enough to cancel out any influence Dad might ever have exerted on her, even."
"See, this is what I have a problem with. She had enough power not to be influenced, and she let your dad run around squiring the girls? Or is that recent?"
"No, he did that back then too. And she had her way with the footmen."
"You never mentioned the footmen."
"Well, Dad didn't keep them on."
"Oh," Debbie considered briefly, then just nodded. "Can we get back to it?"
"You want to?"
"Well, I've got to. But I think I might have done anyway. I kept talking to you, right?"
***
"OK," Alex said, smiling, "we have a schematic of the snake." He switched on the slide projector and a circuit diagram appeared on the screen. The rest of the club members turned to look at it. "It should be easy enough to reprogram," Alex continued. "I don't have anyone who's much good at retro-engineering myself. Anyone?"
Mark Sorren nodded. "My son's dating some girl on a robotics degree," he said. "I'm sure he'd lend us his talents if we asked."
"Right," Alex said firmly. "The conversion of the ringmaster starts here."
STILL TO BE CONTINUED...