Logan and Weevil return home and see the PCH bike club waiting for them, their engines idling as they sit on the street in front of Logan's house.

"Go inside. I'll be there in a minute." Weevil tries to sound casual. The bikers watch Logan go inside but make no move to stop him. Weevil strides up to Felix, who is at the front of the group. "What's going on?"

Felix avoids his eyes. "You're out of the club, man."

"I'm out?" Weevil chuckles. "Says who?"

"Come on, Weevil." Hector speaks up from Felix's right side. "You haven't ridden with us in what, two weeks? Seems like you've been spending that time getting awfully close to that Echolls kid."

Weevil shakes his head. "Whatever, man. I'm out, fine." He looks at Felix. "I'm sure Felix will do a good job leading you guys."

"We haven't decided who's the leader yet." Hector glares at Weevil. "And now, it's none of your concern." He gets off his bike and walks up to Weevil, getting in his face. "You're out. You know what that means."

"Come on, man." Felix looks nervous. "Too many cops in this neighborhood." Hector gets closer to Weevil's face.

"Why, Hector, I never knew you were interested." Weevil smirks but doesn't move.

"Hector!" Felix is louder now. Hector walks back to his bike, shaking his head. Weevil walks up to Felix and speaks quietly in his ear.

"If any of your boys go near Logan, we're going to have a problem, got it?"

Felix doesn't respond but revs his bike and waves his hand at the other bikers, and they speed away, some of them angling so they just barely miss Weevil as they zoom by.

Weevil enters the house. He can hear the TV in the living room, and he walks down the hall.

"I'm thinking it's time we had that talk." He is startled when he sees Veronica sitting on the couch next to Logan. The TV is tuned to the coverage of the trial, and they appear engrossed. "When did you get here?"

"Before the bikers. I'm guessing they didn't want to talk about incorporating a rainbow into the club emblem?" Veronica's tone is light, but she looks at him with concern.

"Yeah, not quite."

"I must say, it was an impressive gesture." She looks at Logan. "And it got a rise out of your dad, which is key." She looks back to Weevil, who is still standing with a serious expression on his face. "But apparently, there's a talk to be had, so I will take my leave." She squeezes Logan's shoulder. "You did a good job, seriously. Now they know what he's really like."

She leaves, and Logan continues to watch the trial. Weevil walks up to the television and switches it off. Logan stands. He walks up to Weevil and runs a hand down his arm.

"No visible bruises. I was going to go back out there, but Veronica said you had it covered."

"They're not as tough as they think they are." Weevil sighs, and Logan moves his hand under his shirt to stroke the skin underneath. Weevil leans into his touch, but then pulls away. "Come on, Logan. We need to talk."

"About what?" Logan sits back on the couch and crosses his arms.

"Considering that we just made out on national television, I'd like to know what exactly is going on here." He gestures to himself and to Logan. "Because if you're just using me for sex and to piss off your parents, I already went through that with Lilly, and I'm not too eager to repeat the experience."

"I'm using you?" Logan laughs harshly. "I'm not the one getting a free place to live. And don't act like sex is somehow a burden for you."

"Hey, it's not like I don't have anywhere else to go. I'm here because you wanted me here. If that's changed, I'd say it's time to let me know."

Weevil watches as Logan gets up and moves to the kitchen. He grabs Logan's arm. "What, so you're going to get trashed now?" His voice softens. "Look, we don't have to fight. I just want to talk about," he sighs, "I don't know, the future." He pulls Logan to him and embraces him. Logan bows his head and returns the contact.

"I'd like to continue having sex with you in the future." Logan smirks at him, but there is no malice in his expression. "I want you to stay here, and sleep in my bed. Okay?"

"Okay." Weevil leans to kiss Logan, but this time Logan pulls back.

"Seems to me this conversation's pretty one-sided so far."

"I want those things too." Weevil touches his forehead to Logan's. They kiss, and Weevil moves his hand to stroke Logan's neck.

"Well, isn't this familiar." The voice comes from the hallway, and Weevil and Logan look over to see Trina standing in the doorway, hands on her hips.