Teasing & Pleasing
by SallyJam

Sexy girl teases men in the park.

Last week we had one of those rare occasions in England, a glorious sunny day. The warmth of the sun on my body and the beauty of the sky always put me in a very good mood, and I like to take full advantage.

After my husband had left for work I took a quick shower and went to catch a bus to the outdoor swimming baths in Tooting. I wore my favourite summer dress, low-cut at the top to show off my big firm boobs, and very short at the bottom to expose my sexy legs. I've always been a bit of an exhibitionist and I liked this dress especially, because of an incident that happened once when I was wearing it.

I was at Euston Station waiting for my husband, who was returning from Manchester, where he'd been on a business trip. As a sexy surprise for him, I had worn the dress without any underwear on whatsoever. On the tube on the way there, several men had been looking down the front of my dress. I am sure they must have been able to see my nipples, which went very hard just at the thought. Then on the escalator up to the station I noticed a teenage lad behind me who was leaning forward trying to sneak a peek up my dress. I was feeling a little naughty, so I bent over slightly to give him a better look.

After waiting for fifteen minutes I saw my husband emerging from the platform and I waved towards him. He took one look at me and began running towards me. He had already told me over the phone that he had been dead horny all week and couldn't wait to get his hands on me. As soon as he reached me he grabbed me, lifted me up and began swinging me round. As he did this, his arms accidentally caught the hem of my dress, raising it above my waist. I am sure he didn't realise this, but I did, and so did all the people around us, who all got a good look at my naked ass. As I was being swung around I could see all these men looking, and I knew they wanted to get a feel of my bum.

This turned me on so much that when he let me down I dragged him into the nearest pub. He was about to ask the barman for a drink, when I dragged him downstairs to where the toilets were. I pulled him in to a cubicle, and then I lifted my dress, showing him I was naked underneath. It didn't take long for him to get the message. Within seconds he had my dress bunched up about my waist as he slammed his cock into me, ramming me against the wall of the cubicle, as he thrust himself deeper and deeper inside me.

So today I was wearing the same dress, and getting the usual leers and sexy comments from guys as I walked past them. I didn't smile or make any reply to them, but if they could have seen my eyes behind my dark glasses, they would have known I loved every cheeky thing they said. I wasn't naked underneath today however. I decided to wear my bikini on the way, so that I would have to take it off on the way back, as it would be wet after I'd been swimming. If I'm going to be a bit tarty I like to have an excuse at the ready. If the truth were told, the bikini I had on didn't leave much to the imagination anyway. If the wind raised my dress at all while I was walking, I'm sure anyone behind would assume I wasn't wearing any. The bikini briefs were of the thong variety and hardly covered my ass cheeks at all.

When I got to the changing rooms, I didn't bother with a cubicle. I opened up a locker, put my bag and high-heeled sandals in, then whipped off my dress, folded it and put it inside. I was just making my way towards the swimming pool when I heard a loud, ugly voice behind me.

"Oh my God. That is the most disgusting thing I've ever seen. You're surely not going in the pool dressed like that. Why, you're practically naked."

I turned around to see a plump middle-aged lady in a one-piece bathing suit. The expression on her face matched her voice perfectly. I was feeling too good to argue, so I smiled sweetly.

"Well, you see girls wearing these on the beaches all the time."

"Not all girls," she replied. "Only filthy sluts would show their bottoms in that manner."

"Oh no. Us filthy sluts get our tits out too," I said, lifting my bikini bra to show her my boobs. "I don't think I'll bother wearing this."

Her face froze in horror and she had no answer to that, so I turned around and walked out, re-adjusting my bikini bra. Outside the sun was shining brightly and the water was an inviting blue, but I didn't dive in straight away. The frumpy lady's reaction wasn't the type I was used to enjoying when someone looks at my ass, so I decided to walk by the pool over to where a group of young men were hanging around by the diving board. I was sure they would look at my sexy bum with a little more appreciation.

As I walked towards them I could feel someone staring at me, and I looked behind me to see a man, aged about fifty, with his tongue hanging out, looking at my ass. I carried on walking, slowly now, with a sexy wiggle. I was hoping to myself that he was the husband of that miserable cow from the changing rooms. As soon as I got to where the young men were, they immediately began chatting me up. I told them what the lady had said to me and asked them if my bikini made me look like I was a filthy slut.

"Turn around, so we can have a better look," one of them said with a leer.

I did as he asked, and bent over slightly, my hands resting on my thighs. I then looked back over my shoulder at them, my eyes level with their swimming shorts, which now seemed to have a noticeable bulge in the middle. I bent over a little more and pushed my bum out towards them. They were making me feel ever so naughty.

One of them then reached his hand out and ran his fingers along the thin fabric of my thong. My pussy tingled as I felt this stranger's hand so close to it. I had been talking to them for five minutes and already one of them was touching me up.

"So, what do you think? Am I a filthy slut or not?"

Before they could give me an answer, we were suddenly interrupted by the elderly pool attendant saying, "Excuse me, madam. Could you come with me please?"

He looked very embarrassed and his face went bright red when one of the guys said, "Hey man, get your own girl."

I felt a bit sorry for the man, and not knowing what it was about, I followed him as he ushered me towards his office at the other side of the pool.

"I don't quite know how to put this," he began. "But we've received a complaint."

"What about?" I asked.

"About… about your outfit."

"Oh," I said, turning my back towards him, and leaning over so he could get a good look. "Does my bum look too big in this?"

"No, no. It looks lovely… I mean it's… fine.

"Only fine?" I said with a pout on my face. I knew exactly what this was all about, and which bitch had complained about me, so I thought I might as well have some fun with the situation.

"No, it's the best I've ever…"

Suddenly he was lost for words. He was in his sixties I imagined, and looked to be the shy, bookish type.

"The best ass you've ever seen? That's what my husband always says about my tits. But then, he's had a much better look at them than you have."

Automatically his eyes went straight to my chest.

"At least no-one could complain about my bikini top. There's not even much cleavage, unless I do this." I said, holding the sides of my bra and pushing them together, which made my boobs look even larger. I could feel my nipples becoming erect under his stare, and I thought about letting him suck them. I could see a hard-on developing in his shorts.

He was a lot older than me, but I was still really turned on by that guy feeling up my ass. The thought of some old man getting hard looking at my tits made me want to let him do all sorts of dirty things to me.

"I'm sorry, madam," he began to wipe sweat off his forehead with a handkerchief. "But I must ask you to leave, unless you put on more suitable attire. I'm afraid that the lady who made the complaint is on the town council, and would be sure to raise an uproar if things weren't dealt with to her satisfaction."

"So you might lose your job, you mean?"

He just looked at me with a pleading expression on his face. I didn't imagine he'd get sacked, but I was still in such a good mood I didn't feel like causing any trouble for anyone.

"Okay. I'll leave, but only for your sake, not because of that old bitch."

"Oh, thank you, madam. You know, I can't imagine anyone else would ever have complained about your um, bikini."

"I guess I picked the wrong day, huh?"

"Well, yes. She only ever comes here on Tuesday mornings. She stays for an hour and then she's always gone by the time I leave at half past twelve."

"So, it wouldn't bother you if I came back later?"

"Um, well," he began nervously. Before he could give me a definite answer I turned on my heels and said, "I'll see you another day, then."

After I left the changing rooms I decided to do some sunbathing in the local park. I was feeling pretty horny after what had just happened and thought that I might give myself some finger relief if I could find a quiet spot in the park. I have masturbated several times in public places and I am sure that no one has noticed, not that it would bother me too much if they had.

As I walked underneath some trees towards a clearing I heard voices. Through the trees I could see there were three young men sitting on a bench. They were all about nineteen or twenty and not bad looking. One especially took my fancy. He had long hair and a sweet looking face. I paused for a moment and listened to their conversation. They were talking about a girl they were at college with who they'd all fancied like mad, because of her big boobs. One of them said he'd felt her up once while she was asleep during a party. Then they began to talk about other girls they knew, all in a very crude way, which turned me on.

As I came out of the clearing I walked past them on the grass. They abruptly ended their conversation and I knew they were looking at my long smooth legs as I walked, sashaying from side to side. When I was about fifteen feet away from them, I came to a stop. Why sunbathe alone, I thought, when I could have the lustful stares of a bunch of horny teenagers to keep me company.

I took my towel from my bag and laid it down in front of me to lie upon. Then I turned my back to them and lifted my dress up over my shoulders before bending over to fold it and place it in my bag. As I was bent over I knew that these lads would have an amazing view of my ass and I could faintly hear their hushed whispers.

"Fuck me, look at that," one said.

"I'd kill to get my hands on that ass."

I knew that if I lay down facing away from them that they would spend ages looking at my ass cheeks. Maybe my thong would disappear between the folds of my pussy, and they'd see even more than they bargained for. Although the thought of this was very exciting for me, I wanted to be able to see the look of lust in their eyes, so I lay down on my stomach facing towards them. I then undid the straps of my bikini bra and let it stay beneath me, just covering a small portion of my large boobs, which were now pressed against the towel. I had placed a magazine in front of me, and pretended to read it. Each time I turned a page I deliberately moved my arm so that one of my breasts became completely visible.

I watched with glee as they stared at my tits, waiting with anticipation for each time I moved my arms. As I was wearing dark glasses, they couldn't tell that I was looking at them all this time, and hadn't read a word of the magazine. I was feeling more and more horny and considered placing one of my hands between my legs, but then I had another idea which I thought might excite these lads, and of course myself, even more.

I reached over with my left hand into my bag, giving them a good peek of the whole of my left boob, including the now very hard nipple. With my hand still inside the bag I picked up my mobile phone and pressed a few buttons until I got to the ring tones menu, which I then pressed to make the phone start ringing. I then took the phone out of the bag and pretended to answer it.

"Oh, hi Kerry," I said brightly, making sure they could hear my every word. "How are you feeling, hungover?…. No, I still feel drunk. That was some party last night, huh?… What do you mean?"

I began to laugh into the phone. I had a definite plan in mind and needed to make sure it sounded like a proper phone call. My husband loves it when I talk dirty and I was sure these lads would too. As I was speaking I acted distracted, like I didn't notice that my bra was now well below my chest, and that each time I moved they could see my boobs.

"Well, what about you? I saw you go in to that bedroom with that black guy. Did he fuck you? … Oh my God! Did he have a massive one, then? I thought so. I could feel it against me when he was dancing with me before."

I kept my eyes on the three lads, and noticed that the blond one in the middle was beginning to slyly rub his crotch.

"Yeah, you're right. We should have had a threesome… I know, it was wild. I went in the kitchen at one point and Anna was on her knees sucking this guy's cock, while another guy was kneeling behind her and feeling up her tits… No, she wasn't wearing anything. You could see her nipples were all hard, and she had a real slutty look in her eyes, you know. Well, I was only there a few seconds before he came all over her face. It was dribbling down her chin… Yeah, I know she's such a tart. Then the guy groping her tits looked at me with a 'your next' expression on his face, so I went back in to the front room."

It was really getting me going, saying all these dirty things, and it was obviously having the same effect on the lads. The blond one now had his cock in his hands and was wanking himself with a frenzy, while the other two were furiously rubbing themselves through their jeans. I raised myself onto my elbows so both my boobs were now clearly visible.

"No I never. What did you hear?… Okay, well, yeah, I did. But not with those two. I went back to the front room and started dancing with this guy. He started kissing me and I was getting all juicy on the dance floor. Then a friend of his came behind me and began moving his hips against my bum… Yeah I could tell his cock was hard, really hard…"

Now all three of them had their pricks out and were fisting themselves only a few feet away from me. I knew that it wouldn't take much longer so I leaned back so I was sitting on my knees. My full breasts were now staring them in the face while I continued talking like a filthy whore.

"Then the guy kissing me pulled down my top while the one behind lifted up my skirt, still bumping his cock against my bum. All the guys in the room could see my tits and they kept jiggling about as the guy behind me rammed his cock against my ass. My tits were bouncing up and down while everyone could see."

As I said this I began rocking back and forth so that my tits really were jiggling about. By now the three lads were obviously about to come. I could hear them moaning quietly amidst their heavy breathing.

"He started sucking my tits while the other one pulled down my panties and stuck his finger in my pussy. Then they pulled me to a table and bent me over… Yeah, they took turns fucking me… oh yeah, I really loved it… I love getting fucked…Their cocks were so big. It makes me horny just talking about it. I'm such a dirty little slut… I wish someone would fuck me right now."

I began caressing my boobs and pinching my nipples as I watched all three of them shoot their loads over the grass. I rubbed my hand against my pussy and waited for them to come over and give me a second load, in my mouth, in my pussy. Wherever they wanted. I was so fucking horny I would have taken all of them at once.

Suddenly I heard the sounds of screaming children. A whole group of school kids ran through the clearing towards us. The three lads quickly put their now limp pricks back in their jeans and hurried away. I had no choice but to put my bikini top back on and lie down. After a while it became obvious that the children were here to stay, so I decided to leave.

As I walked towards the bus stop, I went past the swimming pool. It was now one o'clock in the afternoon. The old bitch and the pool attendant must surely have left by now, I thought, and I badly needed cooling off in the water. After getting myself so turned on I now felt very frustrated, and this seemed a better option than a cold shower at home, and a long wait for my husband to get back from work.

After getting undressed in the changing room without incident I walked out to the swimming pool. Yet again I got a series of admiring glances as I circled the poolside. This put a spring in my step once more. I just love making men horny. After a lot of lustful looks and some cheeky comments I dived into the pool and began swimming. I soon built up a routine. After a few lengths I would climb out of the pool near some guys, making sure I would give them a good look at my tits as the water dripped from me. Then I would sit down with my back to them, feet in the water, and let them look at my ass. Then I would dive back in and do the same thing another area. Often when I climbed up the short pool ladders some guy would be quick to follow just behind, so his face was just inches away from my near naked bum.

After a half hour or so of this, I was standing up near the shallow end when I suddenly felt a hand grab my bottom.

"Hi sexy."

I turned my head slightly around, while he kept his hand on my bum. It was one of the young men who'd been at the pool earlier this morning. It was the one whose fingers had been so near my pussy. They weren't far away now.

"You're still here then?"

"Yep. I thought you'd been thrown out."

While he was talking his hand stayed where it was, and I could feel my pussy getting wetter and wetter. I was hoping he would be as daring as before.

"Now who would want to throw out little old me?"

"I thought the pool attendant was going to. What did you do? Suck his cock? Or did you just let him feel up your gorgeous tits and ass?"

While he was saying all this, his hand had strayed inside my bikini thong and he was gently rubbing my clit. I was a bit shocked at this, but I was so fucking turned on still that I just let him carry on. I was dying to come, and his fingers were just what I needed right now.

"Aren't you going to answer?"

Suddenly one of his fingers slipped deep inside my pussy while his thumb began to rub my clit more vigorously. I moaned softly and said, "Yes, yes. He did all those things."

"Tell me."

"He felt up my tits and my bum. Oooh, don't stop. He licked my nipples and sucked my tits. Mmmm."

"Then what?"

"He stripped me naked and made me suck his cock. His cock was so big. Ooooh, yes."

"As big as mine?" he asked, placing my hand on his own cock, which was erect and outside his swimming trunks. It did feel big, bigger than my husbands. I shaped my hand into a fist and drew it up and down his throbbing erection while he inserted another finger in my pussy.

"Well, was his cock as big as mine?"

"No. But it felt big enough when he stuck it in my cunt. I was all wet and juicy from when you'd felt up my bum, and it went straight in. His cock may not have been big, but he knew what to do with it."

We were both standing in the water by the side of the pool. The water was up to my neck and no one could see as he moved his other hand to my bra. He pulled it down and began mauling my tits, his fingers roughly squeezing my nipples as his big hand surrounded one whole breast at a time.

"What did he do with it?"

"Ooooh, oooh, mmmm," I began to moan louder as his fingers went to work on my pussy.

"What did he do with his cock?"

"Ooooh. He put me over his desk and pulled off my bikini. Mmmm. Ooooh. He got his cock inside me and then he started playing with my tits. He fucked me, he fucked me like a cheap whore."

Suddenly, he pulled his fingers out of my pussy, just as I was about to have a moaning orgasm. Then, before I could stop him, he pulled my thong slightly to one side and he thrust his big cock inside me. As he entered me from behind, my tits pressed against the wall of the pool. The friction on my nipples, my thong rubbing against my clit, the thought of being fucked right here in public, it all made me closer and closer to coming.

He began to fuck me harder and harder, faster and faster. I was losing control and had almost forgotten that we were in a pool with dozens of other people. I didn't even know this man's name, and here I was, letting him screw me in front of everybody. I wondered how many people knew exactly what he was doing to me. Then I looked up to see his friends watching me, lust in their eyes, and it was obvious that they could tell I was letting him fuck me.

I looked straight at them, as he hammered into me, harder and faster and deeper each time, his balls slamming against my ass. Each time he thrust against me, I was pushed up slightly so that my now naked tits were bouncing up and down above the surface of the water. His cock felt massive inside me, and it was such a rush to know that there were all these people watching me be so dirty. I could hear him start to grunt and groan until I felt his cock grow even bigger inside me and I orgasmed, screaming and moaning, as he powerfully thrust against me one last time before he exploded, his come filling up my pussy, and I felt so good and naughty and dirty.

When he had finished, he turned me around and kissed me deeply.

"To answer your question from before," he said, grinning. "You are a filthy slut."

"I know," I smiled back.
