Emma's Farm - 4 (fsolo, splosh)

Disclaimer: this is a work of fiction.

Emma discovers that her mouth is only one of the places food can go.

-------------------


Emma returned to the kitchen, with reluctance taking off her boots as she entered the house.  Her panties were still wet, but the rest of her was dry at this point.  She was getting hungry again, and she opened the cupboards and searched for something to eat.
After searching for some time, she finally decided on a can of lentil soup.  She opened it up and poured it into a sauce pan on the stove.  A few minutes later and it was steaming in a bowl on the table.  Emma got some milk from the refrigerator and poured herself a glass.  She sat down and noticed her glass of milk, thinking back to experience that morning with the cows.  The milk had felt so nice and she had found it so erotic.  With a grin, she picked up her glass of milk and poured a little on her chest   -oops! - she said in mock surprise.  Her shirt was sticking to her chest again and her nipples started to harden as she became more and more aroused.  She put down the milk and pinched her nipples through her shirt, moaning slightly as she did.
	She was now quite turned on again, and that's when she got an idea.  She picked up her bowl of lentil soup which had cooled slightly.  She pulled the waistband of her panties away from her skin in the front and carefully poured a little of the soup into them.  She jumped a little as the hot soup splashed against her almost hairless cunt.  She poured in a bit more and put the bowl down on the table.  Her body tingled at the warm sensation between her legs.  Tentatively she stood up, and moaned loudly as the warm soup ran down and filled the gusset of her panties, tickling the bottom of her bottom and her pussy at the same time.
	Emma walked around the kitchen, enjoying immensely the feeling of the soup in her panties.  She walked back to the table and dumped the rest of the bowl into the front of her panties.  The lentils and vegetables were held in by her panties, but the liquid part had now soaked through her panties and was starting to drip down her legs.  A little more walking around in this state and soon she had an orgasm without ever having touched herself.  She clutched the counter as her body spasmed in ecstasy.  As she began to regain her composure she realized that now she had nothing to eat.  
	 -maybe not, - she  mumbled to herself as she waddled over to the table and picked up her bowl.  She bent over and put the bowl on the floor, sighing as she did since the soup was forced to push itself against her ass and pussy as she bent.  She squatted above the bowl and pulled the gusset away from her thigh.  Lentil soup plopped out into the bowl and she used her hand to direct the rest of it into the bowl.  When she was done she put the bowl back on the table and took her seat.  She looked down at the mass of lentils and vegetables in the bowl.  She could see her own white cum mixed in here and there.  Closing her eyes she shoved a large spoonful into her mouth and ate.  It was good, and soon she finished the bowl.
	The thought of food in her panties drove Emma wild, she wanted anything and everything pressed against her pussy.  She put her dishes in the sink and slipped her feet back into her boots, squeaking slightly as she did, for she had forgotten they were full of her pee.  The pee was cool now, but she didn't bother dumping it out.  She headed back outside to give the animals dinner.