Veronica packs two bags, one for clothes and toiletries, and one for supplies. She packs her laptop, some disposable cell phones, and her fake IDs. She leaves her cell phone in her desk and writes a note for her dad, saying that she's fine and not to try and find her, even though it's inevitable that he will. She tells him that she'll be back when she's ready. Veronica feels a flash of guilt as she thinks of the newly healed burns on her father's body, and she adds to the note. "I love you. Veronica."

Weevil and Logan pull up. They've selected a blue Ford Taurus, and Weevil is behind the wheel. Veronica gestures for him to pop the trunk, and she stows the bag with her clothes, carrying the other bag with her into the car. Weevil begins to pull away.

"Wait." Veronica holds out her hand. "Give me your cell phones." Logan and Weevil look confused, but each boy hands over his cell phone. Veronica hops back out of the car and throws them into a trash can. When she gets back into the car, both boys are staring at her. She smiles. "What? No traces. Besides, who are you going to need to talk to?"

Once again, Weevil pulls away from the curb, and Veronica leans forward to look at Logan. "We're going to need a lot of cash if we're going to pull this off."

"Way ahead of you." Logan shows her the bag at his feet. "It should last a while."

They drive south, which Veronica says is predictable but also the most practical. She stretches out in the back seat and watches the sky out the window. After a couple of hours, they take a break at a rest stop and Logan and Weevil switch places.

Veronica looks at the clock. Her father will be home soon, having given her sufficient cooling off time since their fight. He will find the note and begin looking for her immediately. He'll know that she's with Logan and Weevil, but Veronica hopes they've covered their tracks enough to make it difficult for him to find them. After all, she thinks wryly, he won't have her to help this time.

They drive, and Veronica takes the wheel the next time they switch. Weevil lies down in the backseat and dozes off. Logan looks back at him affectionately, and he and Veronica speak quietly about the trial, about Duncan, and about the way things used to be.

After driving in the dark for a few hours, they pull off at a run down roadside motel, and Veronica presents a fake ID to the clerk.

"You want two rooms?" He eyes them, an odd trio, and Veronica makes a note to switch their route tomorrow. They're memorable enough for it to be a liability.

"Just one." Veronica gives him a sunny smile, and he grunts as he hands her the key. She pays him in cash and they walk to their room. Veronica opens the door and realizes what should have been obvious. "One room, one bed."

"It's a big bed." Logan looks at her as he lies down in the middle of the bed. He gestures for her to join him. Weevil settles down on Logan's right side.

"Come on, V. We're going to have an early morning." Weevil reaches a hand toward her.

Veronica realizes she's being silly. After all, this isn't much different from their nightly video and cuddle time. She kicks off her sandals and lies down on Logan's other side. She switches off the light and feels Logan's hand rest on her waist. Veronica moves closer and lets herself drift off to sleep.

In the morning, Veronica showers and gets dressed in the bathroom. Toweling off her hair, she goes back into the bedroom to see Logan and Weevil talking softly on the bed. They seem to come to an agreement about something, and they kiss lightly. Veronica tosses her towel at them.

"Time to hit the road."

Veronica drives. At the next small town, she takes the exit and pulls into a Walmart.

"Food, water, clothes, deodorant, toothbrushes," she instructs, and they split up to gather the items. They meet back at the front of the store, and Veronica adds a newspaper to the pile. They check out and haul their bags back to the car.

"Subpar food and inferior clothing, all in one place." Logan sneers as Weevil settles into the driver's seat.

They go east for a while before continuing south. Veronica and Logan each read half of the newspaper and then trade. Logan reads the trial coverage. The jury has begun to deliberate, but no one is sure of when the verdict will be reached. There is a sidebar profile of Lilly, and Logan reads it disbelievingly.

"Look at this. Where do you think they get their facts? Lilly was not a poor student."

"She wasn't a good student." Veronica turns and looks to the backseat.

"Yeah, but that was just to piss off her mom. They're making it sound like she was dumb. God, they call her 'the wild child'."

"Lilly would love that," Veronica reminds him. "Logan, why even read it? No one knew Lilly like we did."

"We didn't know her." Logan sets down the paper. "Together, maybe, the three of us could piece together three-quarters of who Lilly really was." He sighs. "You and I didn't know about Weevil, we didn't know about my dad. What did we know? That she was wild. That she didn't get good grades." He laughs bitterly. He waves the paper at Veronica. "We should all read this. Maybe we'd learn something."

"People keep secrets, Logan. Don't tell me you don't understand that." Veronica is angry, and she turns to face forward.

"Maybe she died before we could really know her." Weevil speaks up. "But she was beautiful and amazing and we loved her. What more do you need to know?"