My Friend Fujiko Moves To A Frat
by EmiTsuruta

Frat rules say Fujiko has to streak to be let in.

Fujiko is a dear friend of mine, fit, a strong tennis player, cute with her big eyes and buck teeth, but she sometimes does things that most sensible women would probably not do. For instance, one day she came to tennis, saying she was feuding with her landlady, and needed a new place to live. I think most girls would look for a room in a home stay like mine, or maybe share with other girls, but Fujiko likes guys, you see. The next thing I know she's asking me if she should move into a fraternity!

To tell you the truth, I didn't know much about frats at that point. I'd seen them in movies I guess. I mostly just associated them with wild parties. One of the guys who used to live in Satomi's dorm had moved into a frat. I remember him describing their initiation, a "polar bear run." He had to get naked in September, and run over to a sorority down the block. He said it was supposed to breed "humility" and "brotherhood." That must be embarrassing though. I mean why should you have to do anything so extreme just to get in? Satomi didn't need to do an initiation to move into her dorm.

But it turned out that Fujiko was serious. Not long before, she'd met Winston, a Chinese guy I knew because he swims at the campus Fitness Center where I worked. A whole group of us had gone to the university's mountain retreat together. She'd apparently been talking with him, and he said she could live in their frat. Winston seemed like an OK guy. He is tall and soft spoken and in general pretty well behaved compared to most guys, but still...

"Isn't it like all guys?" I asked Fujiko, pushing back.

"Yeah! It's perfect--a chance to get to know new men."

"No, but I mean, you'll be like the only girl! There aren't any other girls living there, are there?"

"No, there aren't. But I don't mind. I know how guys are. I can handle it."

Fujiko is pretty confident. She is a bit of a tomboy, very strong at tennis, drinks a fair bit. Also I knew that she does like men. Even so, I couldn't believe that she was actually set on moving into a frat. I'd never been inside one, but my picture was they were pretty wild, like almost out of control.

Anyway, the day she moved in, I came to help. Their house is on the north side of campus, but not on the main street. It's tucked away down the driveway behind another frat house. Winston wasn't the only one I knew. There was also Gus and Scott, who Winston brought to the retreat with us. Gus is tall and thin, and comes from Utah or somewhere. The way he talks, he has a bit of a twang. Scott is more slick, born in L.A. I think, and has a very sharp sense of humor. I don't know how they'd be as housemates, but at least we knew them.

Gus had this huge grin on his face.

"Usually for initiation, we get the freshers to go for a polar bear run over to the sororities and back," he drawled.

I'd mentioned this to Fujiko, but she hadn't really said anything. She just looked at me, and rolled her eyes.

"You strip down to runners, and go streak their house. Everyone here had to do it."

"But you're a girl, so I guess we could make an exception," Scott threw in. Scott is one of the more sensible guys. He's Anglo-American, but he helps organize the Japanese language exchanges. I'd heard he has a Japanese girlfriend.

I eyed Winston, wondering if they were going to make Fujiko do it, but he didn't say. They all seemed pretty happy to have a girl moving in, in any case. Fujiko went back to unloading. I helped her carry her things up to her room. When I left, I still felt a bit worried about leaving her here all by herself, but anyway, she was committed now. I guess we'll have to see what happens.

A few days later, Fujiko invited Satomi and me to a welcome party they were holding for her at the frat. Satomi is a bit of a different type from Fujiko, more cutesy pie, making pouty shapes with her lips all the time, not so worldly. She was curious about this party though, so I promised to meet her, and we could go together. The frat isn't far from her dorm. I was a bit nervous, but curious too. I'd been to parties before, but never at a frat.

I got dressed up in a little black dress and a black crop cardigan, a bit of a goth look, while Satomi came in tight fitting grey jeans and a sheer white blouse with long sleeves. She looked good. She was wearing lipstick and eye shadow, but her clothes were just casual.

When Satomi and I arrived, there were just guys--no sign of Fujiko. I gave her a call, and it turned out she was doing laundry at the main frat house out front. I guess maybe you are supposed to show up fashionably late to these things. At that point, there were a lot of things I didn't know about frats. This was a whole new world for me.

Eventually, Fujiko came back to find us. She was just wearing blue jeans and a lumberjack shirt, maybe trying to fit in, act like 'one of the boys.' I was like the only one in a dress. Anyway, we took off our shoes, and left them at the door. Fujiko took us up to her room, where we hid away our purses, and then back down to the kitchen where she fixed us some cocktails. It was hard to hear though because the music was so loud. They played Nicki Minaj, Rihanna, Iggy Azalea, songs I recognized. The daiquiri Fujiko made me had way too much alcohol, so I just sipped at it. Fujiko was taking some kind of bartender class, but I think this was the first time we'd ever drunk together.

"How's it working out?" I shouted over the din.

"Great! All the guys are so nice. They call me Mount Fujiko."

Wha-? I almost spilled my daiquiri when I heard this. It was clearly a sexual joke, but I'm not sure if Fujiko knew. There were references to sex everywhere--girlie posters on the wall, a fridge magnet with a boy stick figure humping a girl from behind. I guess when you get a bunch of horny guys living together, this is what happens.

Fujiko took us into the main room, and introduced us to her new housemates. They kind of oo-ed and ah-ed over me, giving me the eye, making a big deal about how "hot" I look in this dress. I didn't catch all their names, but Daniel was one, a tallish guy with long brown hair, sensitive features. One guy kept handing us beers, trying to get us drunk. I declined, showing them my daiquiri, but Satomi drank the beers they gave her.

Fujiko was definitely in a flirtatious mood. Just to tease the guys, she grabbed one of my breasts, and was making a big deal out of massaging it, trying to get them horny. I was kind of embarrassed, but I went along with it, just to make her happy. It must have worked because soon, a short red-haired guy, Cal, pushed Fujiko down onto the couch, and pretended to hump her. She just laughed, but I was kind of shocked. I guess he was drunk. Fujiko had mentioned Cal before. He doesn't live in the frat, although maybe he knew Scott and them from the JSU.

Some of the guys were half watching a football game on TV. After we'd been there a while, their team scored. They would shake fresh cans of beer, then pop the tab spraying beer everywhere. Some splashed on me, but Satomi was the one who took the worst of it. She squealed, and fell to the floor. I knelt down to make sure she was alright, but she was drunk too. Fujiko came over, and helped me lift Satomi, so we could carry her upstairs. Scott apologized, but Fujiko told him it was OK.

We lugged Satomi up to the second floor bathroom to get her cleaned up. Her blouse and jeans were covered in beer. I don't think I've ever seen her so drunk. She was mumbling away to herself, on about something.

I pulled her blouse up, but she was soaked right through to the skin. I got her out of her wet clothes while Fujiko fetched some towels. It was weird, you know, stripping Satomi naked, here during this party. She looked so vulnerable. I wanted to protect her. Her skin is whiter than mine, almost glowing, and her nipples a bit bigger. Her black pubic hair is thick and lush. She looked kind of kinky, all nude like this.

I managed to maneuver Satomi's naked form around into the bath tub, but she was completely out of it. I had beer on my clothes too, so I ended up stripping down, setting my cardigan, dress and undies on the sink. It was even weirder with both of us naked. We could hear the guys cheering downstairs. I turned on the shower, and started washing the beer off Satomi then me.

Fujiko came back with towels, one rainbow and one pink, and took our clothes off to the laundry. I dried off, and tried to wrap the rainbow towel around me. A bit drunk myself from the daiquiri, I had trouble getting the knot to stay tied. Outside in the hall, I could hear Gus and Scott's voices coming this way.

"Hey, is that girl alright?" Scott called in to me through the closed door.

"Satomi?" I asked back. "Yeah, she's fine. Don't worry!"

She didn't look fine. She'd passed out, and was lying here in the tub naked. I dried her off as best I could, and tried to wrap the pink towel around her. When Fujiko came back, I asked,

"Do you have any bigger towels?"

"Um. Yeah, I do..., but I think they are in the laundry, back at the other house. Should I go check?"

"Um...," I hesitated. "No, I guess that's alright."

Fujiko and I lifted Satomi out of the tub, trying to keep her covered. Her towel kept falling open exposing her perky little breasts whenever we went to lift her.

"Could you at least tell Gus and Scott to go back downstairs?" I asked. Fujiko went out, and I could hear Gus arguing back. He kept saying he just wanted to help.

I waited till their voices faded, lugged Satomi over to the door, and opened it. Fujiko came to help me. I could see Gus peeking up at us from the stairs. Worried about losing my towel, I nodded for him to shoo, but he just smiled. We finally managed to get Satomi into Fujiko's room and her bed. She was fast asleep.

"Here," Fujiko offered. "Let me get you some clothes." She handed me a pair of jean shorts and a white stretch cotton t-shirt. I pulled them on.

"So who do you like: Gus? Scott?" she asked.

"What? No! Neither!"

"Winston?" she smirked.

"No. I mean they are all fine. Besides, I have a boyfriend."

I hadn't really been thinking about these guys as potential boyfriends. They were a bit more polite than I was expecting. I knew Winston better than the others because he'd come to the retreat, skinny-dipped with us. I cooked him breakfast the next morning. Scott seems smart and a bit more sensitive. I thought Fujiko maybe liked Scott or Gus, but I guess she hadn't made up her mind. Daniel was kind of intriguing too, although I didn't know him at all.

"You've got a great body," Fujiko slurred. She looked a bit envious. The boys had made a bit of a fuss over me earlier, but I don't think she has reason to complain. They got a kick out of her tit-grabbing stunt.

"You've got a great body too...," I assured her. "Strong, fit, athletic." She always beats me at tennis.

"Nah, none of these guys like me. Even in high school, they used to tease me that I look like a man."

She does dress a bit mannish I suppose, but she has these large breasts (bigger than mine anyway) and a cute face, almost like an anime heroine.

"Oh, that's silly. You don't look anything like a man."

She didn't look convinced.

"If you're really worried about it, you could do that polar bear thing," I joked.

Fujiko laughed.

"Yeah, right!"

"They'd know you're a girl then."

We turned out the lights, so Satomi could rest, and headed downstairs. Winston had finally arrived. I felt self-conscious, bra-less under this t-shirt, my nipples sticking out, but most of them were too drunk to notice.

It was getting kind of late though. One guy offered to give the others a ride home. I could have asked him for a lift, but I couldn't just leave Satomi here. Once she wakes up, we can walk to her dorm, and I can crash there.

Cal left with a bunch of the other stragglers. Things started to calm down. Winston shut off the TV, and turned the music down, so we could talk. Gus was sprawled out in a chair apparently asleep. Scott had disappeared off somewhere. I didn't know where the rest of her frat mates were, but some had probably passed out, or gone to bed.

"So Fujiko, what do you think of everyone?" Winston asked, nodding over at Gus.

"Yeah, they're nice."

"Welcome to Phi Upsilon Chi."

"So am I a member now?"

"Did you do the initiation?"

"What?"

"The polar bear run."

"No," she blushed.

"All the rest of us have," Winston told us.

"Did you guys really do it?" I asked, a bit skeptical.

"Hang on. I'll show you." He ran off, and brought back his tablet, showing us an article on some news website. There were pictures and video. You could tell that some guys were naked, but there were so many onlookers in the way, and the streakers were running so fast it was hard to tell who was who. They did look like they were having fun.

"Which one is you?" I teased. He pointed to a guy with a headband and a backpack, but it was kind of hard to tell. "You saw me naked at the swimming hole," he noted. That was true. I was the one who'd suggested we skinny-dip, and in the end, he did strip down. It made me want to trust him.

"Emi here was saying I should do it," Fujiko confessed. I'd been joking actually, but Winston looked encouraged. "How far are you supposed to go?" she asked nervously. "Not that I want to..."

Winston sat up interested now. It sounded like Fujiko was actually considering it.

"How about just over to the main house and back?" Winston suggested. At first, he was trying to make out like the boys had run much farther, but we later learned that wasn't quite true.

A song came on the radio. It sounded kind of sexy, electronic body music, or whatever it's called. I started bouncing to the beat, grinding my hips, doing a little dance. Fujiko looked at me, but I was trying not to smile.

"What are you grinning about? I didn't say I would do it or anything."

"Don't mind me. I'm a bit drunk," I told them. I tried to get Winston to dance with me, but he was still looking to Fujiko trying to get her to streak or whatever.

"Oh I don't know. Maybe if we just did it quick, got it over with," she mused, looking to me for my opinion. I have to admit at the time, I didn't think it would be that dangerous. Maybe it was the alcohol affecting my judgment, or the good-natured goofiness of all Fujiko's house mates, or the fact that Winston seemed to be the only one who was still up, but I honestly didn't think that many people would see us even if we did streak. It was the middle of the night, so the neighbors were probably asleep. I've probably done crazier things. Ryosuke is always trying to get me to do nutty stunts like this.

"Yeah, sure, that might work," I chirped. I was trying not to seem too eager, but I did let slip, "I'll streak with you if you do it." It did kind of look like fun.

Fujiko grimaced for a moment, and then finally nodded.

"Alright then. Let's do it," she said getting up out of her chair. I was actually kind of surprised. I don't think she is an exhibitionist really. She was a bit drunk still, and riding high after having found a new place with all these cute guys. I just kind of stood there though looking at her, trying to judge if she was serious.

Winston got up to get something, but I yelled after him,

"No cameras!" I didn't really want to end up in the news. Fujiko and I started whispering, trying to work out the details of how we could do this.

"Can I leave my clothes in your room?" I asked.

"Yeah, sure."

"And do you have a hat I could wear to hide my face?"

"Yeah, I think so."

We went back upstairs to her room. Satomi was still sound asleep, blissfully unaware of what we were planning. Suddenly, this had gone from being a silly joke to something more real. I was still a bit light-headed, but I was trying to think what all we would need. Fujiko was probably drunker than I was, so she was just kind of waiting to see what I would do.

I kneeled down, and got my sunglasses out of my bag. Fujiko threw me a tennis visor, and got out a baseball cap for herself. I vaguely wondered about using a scarf or something to cover my face, but maybe it would be alright with just the sunglasses and visor. I could feel my heart beating away in my chest. I could hardly believe we were actually going to go through with this.

I checked the door, but the hallway seemed quiet. All we could hear was the sound of the music coming from downstairs. It kind of had a driving electro beat, good music to strip to, I mused. Were Winston, Fujiko and me the only ones up? I motioned for Fujiko to get undressed, but I kept putting it off, listening, checking the hall. I felt antsy, nervous.

Fujiko eventually started unbuttoning her lumberjack shirt, and motioned for me to strip too. I don't know why I was so nervous. We were just going to dash out, and dash back. Easy-peasy lemon squeezy, I told myself.

I finally lifted my t-shirt off over my head, and wiggled out of my shorts. I'd shaved my pubic hair into a landing strip. She could probably see my labia peeking out. Fujiko and I eyed each other edgily not really used to being naked together. She stared down at my pussy, so I tilted my hips back and forth, doing a little dance for her. I felt so naughty. I still had on my lucky necklace (thank god I'd brought it) and a black string Malibu bracelet that went with my dress.

Fujiko's breasts aren't massive or anything, but they hang down like two missiles coming right at you. Her shoulders are really quite muscular like a bodybuilder's, but her bush is this little triangle of black fur, quite sexy. She looked pretty cute, buck naked, with that dynamite body and her baseball cap on. She wouldn't stop smiling, so happy with herself.

I cautiously opened the door wider. Still no one in the hall, so I went out, motioning for Fujiko to follow. She locked her door behind her, and hid the key. We were both so nervous, but it was pretty exciting tromping down the stairs in our bare scuddies. Unfortunately, the noise must have woken some guys up. I could hear signs of life coming from their rooms.

"Oh oh! We'd better go!" I gasped.

When we came out into the front foyer, Winston kind of blinked at us, and coughed when he saw we were actually naked. I pulled on my sneakers as fast as I could, and motioned for Fujiko and Winston to hurry. We had to get out of here before the other people come, and see us. Unfortunately, Gus was awake, and spotted us before we got out the door. He started banging for the others to come quick. I waited just long enough for Fujiko to get our shoes on, and then bolted out into the cool night air, shivering a bit from the shock of it all. The breeze woke me right up. My fear mixed with excitement, making me even more horny.

Fujiko came out, and I grabbed her hand, making a mad dash for the other house. Unfortunately, their back door was locked.

"Where's your key?" I asked Fujiko.

"Oops! Back at the house," she gasped. The drive was pretty dark, but I could see Winston, Scott, Gus and them coming out after us. They were all excited, whooping it up, whistling and catcalling.

"Keep it down," I hissed at them, but they wouldn't listen.

"Yo, babe. Come to papa," one guy yelled. Winston called out,

"Go around to the front!" trying to be helpful at least. In my rush to get away, I let go of Fujiko's hand, and nipped around to the side of the house. It was pretty terrifying actually. The lane itself was dark, but I could see the streetlights ahead, parked cars and other houses. The neighbor's houses were dark, but the lights in the main house were coming on. I kept wishing Gus and them would quieten down.

As I got closer to the street, I placed my hands on my butt cheeks, peeking out trying to see if anyone was out there. I almost jumped out of my skin when I saw students still up, a guy and girl to the right, and a pair of guys who'd just passed by. Alarm bells were ringing in my head, but all this was just getting me hornier still. I motioned for Fujiko to keep back, so they wouldn't spot us.

