"My name is Molly Indrabooty. This is my adventure."
"My Father "Sahseej" is from Mumbai, India. My Mother "Marjorie Lovett- Indrabooty", was born in Miami, Florida of the U.S.A. I laugh knowing that both cities begin with the letter "M" and end with the letter "I". There is karma within my name, "Molly Indrabooty". Again the letters mimic the cities of my parents."
"I liken myself as any normal eighteen year old student. My father is a Surgeon. My mother a Botanist. Both of them want me to become an academic. I hate school. Yet I endure. As an only child I obey as best I can. Yet, my own needs are becoming evident."
"Relocating to Miami has been a culture shock. I love it here. The beaches are beautiful. The city intoxicating. So much so that I find myself pondering school."
"I just want to fit in. Beginning school here in Miami is strange. Half the school year already over. The other students look at me funny. Only because of my heritage. I take after my Mother and her stellar beauty. Yet, my skin favors my Hindi birthright. I know I am a goddess reborn."
"Boys fall all over themselves as I pass them by. Girls feel threatened and make fun of me. I am uncertain what to make of this new life. My shyness contains my arrogance. Yet, I like to be worshipped. My Senior year of high school will be anything but boring. I insist."
"Behind my parents back I have purchased books and magazines to perfect my beauty. Having wealthy parents offers me the chance to hide my creative freedom. Such as shopping. I have clothing that I could never wear around my family. Very sexy clothing. Well hidden sexy clothing."
"I wish to be desirable. Yet, I find it hard to wear them in public. Fear will need to be conquered."
"Even make-up is all new to me. My complexion is nearly perfect. This allows me to forego buying unneeded masks. My body is heavenly if I must say. I must admit this too myself."
"At the height of "5'3" I have exceptionally long toned legs. Keeping fit I adore my tight stomach, and perfectly sculpted bottom. My best trait are my vibrantly aggressive 36D's that demand to be noticed. Thank you Momma for your genes."
"I am a changed woman. I will be what I need to be. Whatever it takes."
Molly Indra, as she prefers to be called, exits her Father's SUV on her sixth day of classes. Each day she suffered the Miami heat by wearing two sets of clothing. One for her Father to be customarily proud of, and one that Molly needed to express herself by.
As her Father drove away Molly races into the school and heads straight to the restroom. Quickly changing into a tight grey mini dress with low cleavage, she packs up her overwhelming wardrobe in a book bag and places it in her locker. Free at last she primped at her long raven curls and began her day.
Shutting her locker she turns on her left heel and finds herself face to face with a tall young man in a football jersey.
"Molly, right?" He grinned leaning a shoulder on the row of lockers.
"Yes, Hello." She warmly smiles with a hint of shyness.
"Welcome to Dolphin Town. My name's Caleb. Quarterback the last two years. I'm not bragging, just saying. Mind if I ask you a personal question?"
His brown eyes were dreamy to match his golden skin. Blond hair tied back into a short ponytail.
"How personal?" She shyly giggles.
"Why do you dress twice every day?"
"Oh, I'm afraid my Father has a different opinion than you might. He would keep me conservative forever if he had his way. My Mother is less bothered but would still side with him. I must make my own decisions."
He nods puckering, "Nice decisions. You're sexy as heck. Hope you don't mind my saying."
"Not at all. Thank you Sweet Charmer."
"Am I wrong in thinking you're not American?"
"I am from India. My mother is American. Is that bad?"
"Why would it be? Kind of cool actually. Word of advice though, that cleavage is a monster. Might be a dress code violation. You might want to hide behind me around teachers, especially Principal Chavez. He can be a ballbuster."
She looks down at her burgeoning breasts, "Too much? Should I wear more?"
He raises a brow and grins, "Never too much. Keep it coming until you get hassled for it."
"I intend to. I must admit I like the attention." She bites her lower lip.
"Oh, you're certain to get plenty of attention. Not for just that cleavage. If you don't mind my noticing your legs and ass they have my thumbs up too."
She fans herself with her hand, "To be honest, you are the first person to offer any compliments. I'm new to this type of clothing but I cannot lie. I love the feelings I get when I wear them."
"I can tell. I see goosebumps on your arms. Are you sure you're even going to be able to sit down in class?" He chuckles.
Molly fidgets looking down at her dresses hemline, "I hope so. That would be quite embarrassing."
He glances at the clock on his cellphone, "Bell's about to ring. History, 1st period right? Same here. I noticed you the first day of school. Every day after."
She blushes, "I think all the boys have. Look behind you."
He tilts his profile and shakes his head. Behind him gathered six other boys. Most of them insecure about themselves and not exactly as handsome as Caleb.
"That's anywhere you go with looks like yours. Only the beginning Molly. Boys will be boys."
She takes a deep breath and waves at the gathering. Every single one of them were too numb to return the favor.
With a shrug between Caleb and herself they heard the 1st period bell ring.
"Walk you to class?" He smiles timidly.
"I would be honored to walk with you. Lead the way."
"Always do." He chuckles turning.
As they walked Molly took time to look over her shoulder at the gathering of boys, now watching her wiggle down the hallway. She held her breath and flared her big brown eyes. She lived in the moment.
Entering the classroom she found all eyes on her. Including the girls. Some smiled, some sneered. The Teacher had to stop writing to find the source of sudden silence.
The short balding Teacher noticed Molly immediately as she took a seat toward the back. Caleb left her side for a chair two rows ahead of her. As she settled in she found her hemline in distress. As stretchy as her dress was it was demonic and resisting her efforts to maintain it.
She swallowed noticing Caleb looking back at her with a humorous grin. She forced a giggle and smiled back as she clenched her knees together.
Molly noted Caleb shaking his head then offering a wagged index finger in her direction. It confused her. What was it for?
Across from Caleb sat a fellow Jock who discovered Molly by following Caleb's gaze. He was awe struck in seconds. So much so that he began whispering to Caleb without removing his eyes.
Again Caleb wiggled his finger then pointed at her. She began to stress. Offering a dumbfounded look toward Caleb. Then she noticed the other boy wag his finger too.
Her hands outstretched to her sides she mouths, "What?"
A third boy caught on by eavesdropping and turned to look at her, dropping his jaw. He too began pointing at her.
Finally, she felt the overwhelming urge to part her knees, this made the boys examine her more intently. She surmised that they were looking up her skirt. Was this what they wanted?
Eying them she moved her knees even wider. Her black panties slipped into view. She grew wet knowing that was what they wanted. It shocked her that she was willing to offer them a peek.
Clearing his throat the Teacher "Crandall" began asking a series of questions while moving about the room concerning the "Battle of the Bulge". The term made all the guys chuckle and nod toward Molly.
Her eyes grew huge at their teasing. She loved it. Every time he mentioned Bulge, Molly crushed her tits together feigning a series of blushes. This made the guys in class crazy. Even a few girls. Those that weren't amused bit their tongues and groaned.
After 45 minutes the bell rang, the students rising from their seats and moving toward the door. Molly joined in the crowd movement as Caleb and his friend smothered up to her.
"Molly, this is Wyatt."
She looked up at the giant of a lad, "Hello Wyatt."
"We saw your panties." The giant winked.
She shivers, "Oh no."
"Bulge!" He glares commandingly as she crushes her tits again laughing.
"You can't help yourself can you?" Caleb grins.
"I am just having fun. Is this so wrong?"
"No, what would be wrong is if you wore panties tomorrow." Wyatt sticks his tongue out at her.
Again her eyes bulge at his hopefulness.
"No promises. I am still a quite shy. New school and all."
"Don't push her Wyatt. Let her fit in."
"Yeah, yeah." He groans.
She smiled and clutched her books tightly over her cleavage. The thought of teasing them was appealing. But, she was terrified just the same. Caleb was being so nice to her. Defending her honor in a way.
As Wyatt moved away leaving Caleb and Molly she stops to look up at him, "Would you have been mad if I had not allowed you a peek?"
He smirks, "Hell no. I was just testing the waters. I wanted to see first hand if you were a tease. So many girls here are sluts. It's nice to be teased by innocence."
"I am very innocent. Almost a virgin." She giggles then bites her nail for opening up so easily to a stranger.
Deciding to take the risk she continues, "If my Father knew I was not I would be punished severely. I have only been with one boy. Back in Mumbai. He was the son of my Father's medical partner. He was French, "Pierre."
"Our secret. Would he really punish you?"
"It would be dishonorable. I would be disowned. Literally."
"Wow! That's crazy. So, can you even date?"
She frowns, "Not without Father's blessing. I broke that vow in Mumbai. Father would have killed him. I hope I am not scaring you away."
"Naaaa! If you ever get bold enough to defy Daddy again, I'd love to take you out on a date."
"Really? I would have to be very sneaky." She perks up excited by the offer.
"You think about it. My offers always open."
"You are very sweet, Caleb. We shall see." She shies away to head to her next class.
On her own again, she reaches English 2nd period.
Entering the class she finds a seat, again all eyes were on her. Including the scrutinizing eyes of "Mrs. Garibaldi", a frumpy middle aged teacher. She keeps her thoughts to herself as she brings her class to session.
Beside Molly sat a fit young man who eyed her legs intently. She offers him a gentle grin as he acknowledges her with a nod of approval.
Jotting down a note on his notebook he writes, "Love your legs."
Reading it as shown between them she fidgets mouthing the words, "Thank you."
Again he scribbles, "I'm Nathan. What's your name?"
She writes, "Molly" on her own notebook.
"You must work out." He etches.
"A little. Yoga with my Mom."
"Flexible. Awesome." He jests.
She sheepishly grins and whispers, "I can put my legs behind my head."
He response was a giant, "WHOA!" in bold letters.
Trying to contain her laughter brings a verbal interruption. Mrs. Garibaldi snaps with a fevered echo, "Would the two of you like to finish this class in the hallway?"
Molly cringes as Nathan stands up curling an arm for Molly to join him. She shakes her head and tries to maintain order. Finally, Nathan shrugs and walks out. This made Molly sad.
"Are you staying Miss Indrabooty?" the Teacher scowls.
Pouting Molly holds her ground until she spots Nathan at the door window acting like he was putting his legs behind his head but using his arms. She couldn't contain herself and burst into laughter. This caught up with Mrs. Garibaldi.
"Please leave, Miss Indrabooty. Some of us are here to teach and others to learn."
Molly drops her jaw and gathers her books shyly abandoning the class room. Outside the hall was desolate save for Nathan and herself.
"I have never been kicked out of class before. That was quite exhilarating." She sighs with her fingers hiding her lips.
Nathan high fives her awaiting her hesitant response, then chuckles, "Let's see it."
"See what?" She looks confused before realization, "Oh no. Not in this dress."
"Chicken." He makes fun of her.
"I am not chicken. I am wearing a dress. That would be a little too inappropriate. I should not have made mention of it."
"I'll do whatever you want me to do if you show me. I dare you."
Shaking her head she feels the urge to be free once again. The thoughts of earlier in History made her more open to suggestion. Her upbringing just made decision's lengthy.
"If I do this nobody must know." She points at him untrustingly.
"You had better hurry then. Before anyone comes out."
Sitting her books down she looks around in all directions. Releasing stress by shaking her arms at her side she once more points at him, "Tell no one."
Taking a deep breath she sits down on the tile floor and swiftly grabs one ankle after another placing both behind her head. In doing so her dress rode up to her waist revealing her lacey black panties. The garment tightened up on her thighs narrowing over her vagina.
Gazing up at him over her brow Molly smiles, "This is silly of me. I do not even know you."
Before she could release her legs, Nathan took a picture with his cellphone. In all her glory.
Her jaw dropped as her legs uncoiled and she sat looking up at him, "HEY! Delete that."
"No fucking way. That was HOT! I'm going to make a poster for my bedroom wall."
Standing rapidly she tries to retrieve his cell as he chuckles and evades her.
"Maybe I'll show this off to all the guys."
She pouted heavily, "I trusted you."
"Bad move. Welcome to Miami."
Suddenly, the thought of him showing other men made her wet. Her reputation was off to a very bad start.
"I will just have to live with my mistake. It was not nice meeting you, Nathan."
Grabbing her books she bends over in front of him. Another picture was taken of her ass as the hem crept up to her cheeks. With a saddened look she turns and heads toward her locker. Nathan suddenly felt invincible.
"Hey, I'll delete these if you're nice to me."
"Nice? I will not be doing anything else. I am just going to wait for next class. Go away, Nathan."
As the bell rings ten minutes later, she runs into Caleb. Looking upset she reacts to him with a scowl. Before Caleb can say anything Nathan barges up and extends his cell to show Caleb the photos. Caleb's eyes erupt at the panty shot. He then looks over at Molly.
"Wow! I never envisioned that you could do that."
"Awesome, isn't it, Bro?" Nathan nodded at her expense.
Caleb places an arm around Molly, "It's okay, Molly. I got this. This is my brother Nathan. He was adopted. I'll get those deleted."
"Really?" She shivers.
"Yep. Just remember you owe me." He winks.
"Thank you, Caleb." She cowers trusting in his charm and sensitivity, "Maybe I can surprise you tomorrow."
"You don't have to Molly." He takes the time to pull her into a brief comforting hug. Nathan merely expressed the humor of his brothers actions.
She sighs heavily into his ear, "I know."
As another bell rang Caleb and Nathan watch Molly walk away. Once out of range Caleb plants an arm around his brother, "Good job, Lil Bro. Send those pics to my cell. Wyatt's too. Delete them after you save those to e-mail. I have a feeling Molly is going to be loads of fun even if she doesn't realize it."
"You like her, Caleb?"
"Sure! She's hot. I'll be her best friend in no time." He rolls his eyes and heads to class.
The next day, as Molly's father dropped her off in the circle drive of the school, Caleb was exiting from the car ahead of them. Her father noticed him wave at Molly brilliantly, then offer yet another friendly wave toward her father "Sahseej".
"Do you know this young man?" he narrows his eyes.
Shyly, Molly nods, "We have two classes together. He is very respectful, Father."
"As it appears. His Father I presume has money? He drives a BMW."
"I do not know. Have a wonderful day, Father."
Shutting the SUV's door she darts away in her black pants and button down grey blouse buttoned to the neckline.
"Sahseej Indrabooty", took a moment longer to glare at his daughter who united with the waiting Caleb by the turnstyle of the security entrance. Expressionless he drives away.
"Your dad looks mean." Caleb sighed at her beauty.
"He can be quite intense if upset. He thinks your family is rich because of the car you own."
"We aren't poor. My Dad works for an Offshore Oil Refinery. My Mom's into Real Estate. What about your parents?"
She eases through the turnstile , Caleb following behind her, "Father is a Brain Surgeon. My Mother is a Botanist employed by the University."
Once inside they merge into the cluster of students. As they reach her locker she turns to Caleb looking up at him with puppy dog eyes.
"Did your Brother delete those pictures?"
Caleb shyly smirks, "He did. But..." He then shows her the wallpaper on his cellphone. It was the photo of her with her legs behind her head. She looked pale and disappointed.
"Slow down and breath. I'm the only owner of this pic. I tried to delete it all night but I couldn't. Molly, you're too sexy. Please don't be mad at me. I really like you."
Her eyes almost form a tear, "You are so sweet. I give you my blessing to keep it. I trust you. Let me go change in the restroom before I run out of time."
"Can't wait to see what you have hidden in that book bag."
Watching her wiggle away he lifts his cell texting a mass text, "PERFECTION!"
Molly wore yet another dress similar in hem and cleavage as yesterday, this time burgundy colored. The thrill of eyes on her made her insane inside as she prowled amongst the masses in the hall. Returning to her locker she deposits her bag of clothing.
"Daaaaaang! Look at the eyes this time. I may need to fight off all these guys to keep them from attacking you."
Patting his cheek she flutters her lashes, "My bodyguard. I am glad you like it. This might be the last time I wear a dress like this. I am terrified my family will get a call from the school."
"I have your back, Molly. My Dad has pull with the school board. With all of the donations he's given this place they would bend over backwards to zip their lips. Trust me, I get away with murder."
"Just my luck. The handsome charming ones turn out to be killers. Let us walk to class."
Walking with Caleb to History class she enjoyed his company and comforting tone. Even as he opened the door for her.
Seated as before she squirmed to contain her hemline. This time the Teacher "Nelson Crandall" eyed her more closely. He nodded and rubbed his goatee while trying not to appear obvious that he was checking her out.
As the bell rang the Teacher closed the door and paced about the room. Offering an interesting speech about the Civil War and Paul Revere.
During the distraction , both Caleb, Wyatt, and the third boy, Justin turned and wagged fingers once again. She fidgeted before grinning evilly. Each time her knees parted more and more. Finally, she boldly shows them her freshly shaved snatch. Their eyes bulged out of their head. Sticking her tongue out she closed them again. She would torment them all class.
At a midway point Mr. Crandall sat on his desk looking directly at her. At that point Caleb while looking forward lowered his index finger wagging it in her direction. Seeing it she froze and placed her hand in her lap. What was the purpose of Caleb's finger? None of them were looking at her. Still he selectively persisted.
Finally, she winced and lowered her gaze as she took the risk of opening her thighs one last time. As she did Mr. Crandall's voice paused. He had seen her.
Eyes bulging she waited until his voice continued. Taking in a deep breath she looks up at him while closing her knees together. His eyes locked on to hers and smiled as his hand poised higher as if expressing himself for a better speech. As he did he wagged his index finger at her the second he finished. Dramatic as it was.  
She merely stared at him with unblinking eyes.
Molly felt all squishy.
Toward the end of class the bell rang and the students once again clustered together. Tightening in to her sides and behind, Caleb and Wyatt were ready. Justin had been coaxed into lifting her skirt from behind letting both Caleb and Wyatt snap cell pictures of her bare ass and pussy. She fought with them feeling very betrayed.
Out in the hallway she darted away from them and pulled her dress down before she bolted for her locker. There stood Nathan.
"Why are you all being so mean?" She shivered at their arrival about her. She found her back against her locker.
The others joined around her as Caleb smiles devilishly, "I told you, you would owe me."
"Yes, and I just gave in to you because I liked you enough. I trusted you, Caleb."
"And, I like you Molly. So much so that I'm going to be your new boyfriend."
"I do not think so." She resists sternly with a glint of disappointment.
"Hi, Mister Indrabooty?" He uses his cell as if calling and talking, "Do you know your daughter's not a virgin? It's true. Lost it in Mumbai she said. A boy named Pierre. Oh, you know him?"
Her jaw drops, "Please, do not do this. " She shudders.
"I will without an ounce of regret. You're going to do anything and everything I say from now on or I destroy your family. I can only imagine what the Hospital would say if your pictures were sent to them. I bet Daddy wouldn't have a job long. Same goes for your Mommy at the University. Imagine the humiliation you will cause them. They might disown you. Right? Where do you go then?"
"Noooo! Caleb please."
"Mister Crandall saw you. He could either get you expelled, or keep it between you two. He knows my Dad too. They play golf. So, the choice is yours. Should we make this adventure bad for you?"
She shivers intensely as Caleb caresses her cheek with the back of his knuckle. All she could do was tremble and offer sad eyes that fail to blink. Even as Caleb lifts her chin to kiss her passionately on the lips. In her distress she melted at the warmth of his lips on hers.
"Yes or No? Obedience or else."
She weeps then whispers, "I will obey."
"By the way. You're a good kisser. We can practice more over the next few days. Sound good?" Caleb winks at her.
Nodding cautiously she found herself murmuring, "You kiss well too."
After she realized that she had offered him her thoughts she wanted to cry. What was she thinking?
"Nate? Carry her books to class. Treat her respectfully. No more pictures. This is my girl." He again hugs her this time rubbing her back.
"Keep your emotions together, Molly. Things will be fine."
Easy for him to say she thought.
Second bell rang.
She gave up her books and stepped between the boys. As she did Caleb took the initiative to quickly lift her skirt in back and slap her ass. She jumped but found herself biting her lower lip. A faint smile across her face tried to hide.
No such luck.
"Yes. The remainder of my Senior year will be beautiful. I insist."
The smile remained.