Sherri
by Rebecca
Wed Aug 22, 2007 09:3469.133.70.120

Chapter One ; Sherri had been stuck at home for two days by an ice storm that downed power lines all over the entire town. It was bad enough to be stuck inside, but not having a thing to do was driving her to the edge of frustration. Combine this with having not showered because of a lack of hot water and Sherri was about to start thinking of doing something she would never do under normal circumstances. 



Sherri Chapter 2Wed Aug 22, 2007 09:5469.133.70.120

Sherri decided she would drive over to the YMCA and see if the power had been restored in that part of town. Sheri had a key to the building since she had become a full time swimming coach for girls and was required to lock up after an occasional late practice. She just had to have a shower, even though it was her personal rule to NEVER shower or change at the Y. She had had a fear since the first day of starting to coach that she might be placed in an embarrassing situation if she used the locker room or showers. What if one of the male staff or members walked into the girls locker room by accident. The door to the central public hallway had no lock, the showers were open cubicles and access from the pool area was through a short hallway with just a 90 degree turn at a blank wall for protection from prying eyes. Sherri was an ex Cheerleader in High school where she was involved in an accidental nudity experience with her squad that left her very nervous about disrobing anywhere outside of her bathroom or bedroom. But this was an emergency of sorts and what could possibly go wrong if she used caution ? 



Sherri Chapter 3Wed Aug 22, 2007 10:3169.133.70.120

When Sherri got to the YMCA the parking lot was empty, the surrounding neighborhood homes looked cold and abandoned and the Y itself still had no electricity. However, the sun was out brightly and Sher though that power would certainly be restored soon. She unlocked the lobby door and went inside. Surprisingly the building was actually warm. Sun coming through the tinted windows that ran floor to ceiling on three sides of the pool area, combined with the humidity, made the building almost a sauna. The lobby had huge glass walls that looked out over the parking lot which helped as well. Sherri locked the lobby door behind her and walked to the girls locker room. It was somewhat odd having the building empty in the middle of a bright sunny day in the winter. Sher shouted out; "is anyone here?" just to make a security check. She giggled when all she got was an echo. She walked into the locker room and over to the showers. Sherri thought to herself; "i'm not going to remove a stitch of clothing until I know there is hot water". She turned the hot water tap slightly and held her hand up to the nozzle. All she got was a luke warm stream. "Crap" she said out loud, startling herself. Well, it was an idea that didn't work out. Sherri thought that since she was there, she might as well check the pool for any equipment left over from her last practice and make sure the used towel hamper was put in the laundry room. Sher always hated Y towels. She used one or two to dry off before putting her shorts on over her swimsuit after a meet or practice, but she couldn't believe that some girls actually used them for attempting to wrap up after a shower. They really didn't go all the way around a girl with any sort of figure and you had to clutch them shut with a fist since there wasn't enough fabric to even tuck them in. Talk about a security problem for any girl with modesty. You only had one free hand and that was often used to hold the gap on the side closed or pull the front enough to keep it below a girls tan line. Sherri decided to head to the pool. 



Sherri Chapter 4Wed Aug 22, 2007 11:0369.133.70.120

As Sherri walked down the short hall to the pool, she was startled by a sight in the common area between the boys and girls locker rooms. The electric mesh gate between the pool area and the common area was down. Sherri had seen it down only once before, during a long holiday weekend. Sher walked over to the gate and shook it and then remembered that the Maintenace Man once told her it closed on its own whenever the power went out. She also remembered that the chain on one end would open it with a few short tugs. Sher pulled the chain until the gate was open. Walking out to the pool, she grabbed the towel hamper and shoved it back through the building to the laundry room. Returning to the pool she was pleased that Maintenace had finally scrubbed the deck around the entire pool. Her complaint to the Manager had finally got the Maintenace Man to do something, besides she never really liked him. His learing eyes and lack of education made her feel the need to humiliate him whenever possible. He had removed all the chairs and even the table that had clean towels stacked on it. Sherri walked to the shallow end of the pool and reached down to test the water temperature. She was surprised about how warm the water felt. Hot almost. Looking at the sun beating in the windows, she realized the full tint may keep prying eyes out during the daylight , but not the rays that made the place the sauna it was today. Sherri always giggled whenever she thought about how clueless people were at night in the pool. If you stood on any side of the full windows during the day, you couldn't see in, but as soon as the sun went down it was like being on a stage. Walking to the deep end, Sherri had a startling thought. Why not take a quick dip in the pool. It was as warm as bath water and a rinse was better than nothing at all. She instinctively pulled both her arms across her chest as she contimplated her idea. " I didn't wear my suit" she mumbled to herself. She had planned for a shower, not a skinny dip. 



Sherri Chapter 5Wed Aug 22, 2007 11:5369.133.70.120

Sherri walked back into the girls locker room. She had been skinny dipping once before in High School and it had turned out very badly for her. To this day, she is sure that some of the boys who were witness' to that event ogle her when she isn't looking. But this time she is in complete control and in a secure building alone. Sherri walked over to her locker and paused; "this is a really bad idea" she said out loud. In an instant she took off her clothes and quickly wrapped herself in the oversized beach towel she had brought for her shower. She stared at the closed door of her locker and thought for a minute. "I have no way of locking this thing". " I would have been right here with my clothes if I was showering, but swimming means I have to leave them". Her stomach did a flip flop, but she just clutched both hands to her chest and tip toed to the wall by the common area between the locker rooms. She had to admit to herself that the danger of this whole plan excited her. Then in a minute her fear returned. "If someone would catch me completly naked in this pool I would die". Sherri peeked around the corner and half doubled up, even though she was wearing a towel that had more fabric than some tents. "I can't believe I'm going to do this, but if I just jump in and get out quickly the odds are in my favor". She paused at the wall by the gate and glanced up. "I should close this so no one can get to the pool and then there is no way they could catch me before I got back into my towel" she thought. Sherri realized the chain was on the wrong side for her to close and reopen the gate, so she looked out toward the pool. Just a few feet of cement deck between her and a nice warm bath. She stepped out from behind the protection of the wall and pranced to the ladder. Now she had a problem. She looked at all those windows and froze. "I can't just drop my towel out here in the open". "I know no one can see me, but I have to stay covered at least until I get into the water". Then it all became clear. She walked to the shallow end and walked down the steps while holding her chest, towel and a hand over her waist. In one motion Sherri unwrapped the towel, through it onto the deck, and knelt in the protection of the water. She shuddered from being naked and from the feeling of the warm water across her entire body. She wiggled her way to deeper water and started swimming. "God this feels good" she thought, and started swimming and splashing about with complete abandon. Diving under water a couple of times she failed to realize that things were about to go terribly wrong for her. 



Sherri Chapter 6Wed Aug 22, 2007 12:5369.133.70.120

Sherri didn't notice that her huge towel had not quite made it all the way onto the deck of the pool. One small part was dangling in the water right in front of the opening to the pump that circulated water. Each time she did a dive or swam a lap the waves soaked more and more of the fabric and it was getting heavier by the minute. When the Mainteneace Man had cleaned the deck, he removed the protective screen over the opening to scrub it and it was laying over to one side. Sherri never saw the towel finally get heavy enough to almost slide completely into the hole. She was having so much fun that she really didn't notice that the sun was starting to set. Sher had completely forgotten her nervousness about being naked and was completly relaxed. Then it happened. The power came on to the building in one instant. Sherri was so surprised she didn't even comprehend what had happened. The entire pool area was bathed in bright lights. "What the" she blurted out spinning around. Then Sherri realized she had instinctively flipped the row of light switches on the wall by the gate, like she had done a thousand times before, even though there was no electricity. Suddenly the filter pump at the shallow end of the pool made the most terrible noise as Sherri's towel got sucked into the now operating machine. Instintly it froze up and shut off. Sher just stared as the electric gate came down with a gear driven crash. Then silence. Sherri started to giggle. "Wow, that was cool". Then she slowly began to look down. It was like slow motion in her mind. "Oh my god" she screamed out. She was standing exactly in the middle of the pool, in water that just covered her breasts, bathed in light, and completly naked. She screeched "oh my god" again as she took both her arms and threw them across her breasts. She almost took a mouthfull of water when she doubled up on instinct while crossing her legs. Sherri was in a panic. She spun around like a top trying to gather her thoughts and her dignity. "Help" she screamed without thinking. Then she regained her thought process. It was the High School pool incident all over again, but this time she was alone. Sherri blinked around the room and began to think. "I've just got to sqirm down to the shallow end and grab my towel". She glanced down and quickly back up trying to not let the panic overwhelm her about being completely naked in a PUBLIC pool. Then things went from bad to worse. Sherri looked at the windows and realized it was dark outside. Every single house in the area surrounding the Y could see down in the pool and the beatiful swimming coach stark naked leaving nothing to the imagination. Sherri screamed again and lunged for the side of the pool nearest the windows. She hugged the wall and peeked her eyes just over the edge at the windows. "What am I going to do?" she stuttered out. "Oh god". Sher ever so slowly rationalized that she needed to slink along the wall to her towel and from then on things would be okay. She sqirmed as best she could to a point at the shallow end directly in the water by the spot she guessed her towel should be on the deck. This was going to be tricky. She was pressed up against the wall in 3 feet of water and had to grab her towel without exposing any more of herself than the world had already seen. She peeked over the edge. Sherri gasped. "Where is my towel?" She furoiusly looked in every direction. Then she began to turn beat red from head to toe. "Someone is here and they stole my towel". "Calm down girl, you know your alone" she said to herself. "But where is my towel?" "What am I going to do now?" "I can't step a foot out of this pool without it". She started glance nervously at the windows again."I can't lay here, I can't move another inch, and I have got to do something I'm completly naked". 




Sherri Chapter 7Wed Aug 22, 2007 13:2069.133.70.120

Sherri inched, sqirmed, and huddled her way to the corner of the pool at the deep end nearest the door to the lobby. She had earlier started having an anxiety attack when she realized she couldn't get to the girls locker room, even she had a towel, because the electric mesh gate had closed and there was no way to open it from the pool side. She laughed out loud when she thought to herself " they didn't design this pool very well for skinny dippers caught naked in it". She intended to gather the courage to humilate herself for one minute, but the benefits seemed to make it worthwhile. All she had to do was climb the ladder, double up as best she could to cover herself, run through the door from the pool to the lobby, down the hall to the girls locker room. One minute jog and she would be able to get dressed and never never take her clothes off in public again. That was the plan anyway. Sherri took a deep breath, started up the ladder until her nipples were right at waters edge, and then chickened out. She splashed back down in the water and huddled against the side. "I can't expose my self completly naked". "What would I do if someone saw me?" "Oh god; what if someone is looking at me right now?" Sherri squirmed and doubled her legs back and forth. In an instant she leaped up the ladder and raced for the door to the lobby. It is hard to run, stay focused, push through a door while a girl is doubled up and holding her hands to cover her butt. Sherri was halfway across the lobby, headed for the hallway to the girls locker room, before she saw them. Standing in the lobby was the Manager, the Maintenance Man, and two Police Officers who where about to investigate why a silent alarm was activated for the pool area. Dripping wet, stark naked, and in all her glory; Sherri screamed. 
The end. 





