Tina

It's not so much that Tina is my slave.  She isn't.  She just loves to be
submissive.  She loves to make sexual bets and perform outrageous dares. 
This is one of the wildest adventures she's had - yet - at least with me.

   First, a description.  Tina is 20 - but she looks more like a young 16.
She's very tiny.  5'1", 98 pounds.  She has long brown hair that falls to
about the middle of her back and deep green eyes.  Her tits are small and
firm; her pussy shaved as smooth as a baby's bottom.  Just looking at her,
you'd swear she was barely old enough to drive.

   Sexually, she is something else entirely.  She's been sexually active
for more than half her life - though I only met her a few years ago.  She's
done almost everything imaginable - and if someone comes up with something
new she'll do it at a drop of a hat.

   A couple of weeks ago we were having a large party.  About 30 to 40
people were expected to show up - friends, family, business associates,
etc. She lost a bet and had to do whatever I told her.

   Before anyone arrived I had tina strip completely nude - not even any
rings.  I set 5 large glasses of tea in front of her and ordered her to
drink them.  She looked at me a little odd, but obeyed.  Inside each drink
was a small laxative.

   I then took her into the many living room - where most of the guests
would congregate (I have a fairly large house - although this was a large
party and would be very crowded).  I had set up one of our bondage machines
(we do this sometimes for fun).  It's shaped like an X.

   Tina knew exactly what I wanted her to do.  She stepped up, spread her
legs wide apart, and I locked the ankle bracelets around them.  She then
spread her arms above her head and I locked them in place.  There she stood
- completely nude - arms and legs stretched as far as they would go.

   Next, I placed a heavy duty blindfold over her eyes.  This particular
machine could be rotated and I spun her around so the head was down and her
pussy sticking up in the air.  I slowly slipped a large remote controlled
vibrating egg totally inside her pussy.  It had a variable speed setting
that I left off for now but kept in my pocket for future use.  Then I
pulled some nipple clamps and clipped them to each nipple and a third clamp
that I clipped to her clitoris.  They were connected with a shiny silver
chain that would constantly pull each part of her together.  Finally I
inserted a red ball in her mouth to keep her quiet.

   Above her I placed a sign that read: "Please do not speak to me.  Feel
free to touch.  Rotate periodically."

   Everything was ready when the first guests arrived.

   As the first guests arrived I turned the egg on low.  Tina jumped a
little.

   Most of the guests knew Tina and so they were not entirely shocked to
find her bound and nude at a party.  But they were still surprised to see
her so openly displayed.  Those who had never seen her simply couldn't take
their eyes off of her.

   All the men gathered near her, drinks in hand, so they could stare at
her while they talked.  Occasionally one would turn her upside down or
right side up.  Mostly she was upside down, bare pussy showing to the
world. When she was right side up, she had to really tighten her pussy so
the egg would not fall out.  When she was upside down, she could relax
somewhat - for a little while.

   Then the tea began to take effect.  She began to squirm.  When she was
right side up she couldn't relax enough to pee.  The egg would fall out and
I had promised severe punishment if that happened.  But if she were upside
down she would pee straight into the air and all over herself.  She tried
harder and harder to hold it.  Each time she was turned upside down I would
reduce the vibrator for a moment, and then unexpectedly turn it to maximum
power.  I repeated that at random intervals.  She was quivering with
excitement but unable to climax for the fear of peeing - or worse, crapping
(since the laxatives were also kicking in) - all over herself.

   She withstood this for almost 3 hours.  By then several people were
pretty drunk.  One young college student, turned her upside down and then
started pulling gently on the chain around her clit.  Then he bent over and
ran his tongue down her bare pussy.

   That was the last straw.  Her back arched, her pussy pushed up to meet
his tongue, I turned the vibrator to full power, and her whole body
shuddered with a massive orgasm.  At it's peak she started to pee.  The guy
jumped back in surprise as a torrent of water shot up into the air and
sprayed about 4 feet in front of her.  Simultaneously she began to crap. 
Soft shit slid out her ass and ran down her back and into her hair.

   Still her climaxed raged.  Her body shuddered with one orgasm after
another after another.  Peeing and shitting on herself just released more
energy into her orgasm.

   Finally, after almost 10 minutes of constant orgasms, she shuddered and
lay still.

   The room was still for a moment.  Then everyone broke into a wild
applause.  They had never seen anyone cum like she just had.

   I sat her upright and removed her blindfold and gag.

   She looked right at me and said, "Fuck me.  Now!"

   I pulled my cock out and slid it deep in her pussy - turned up the
vibrator - and fucked her to another orgasm.

   As I pulled out another man was waiting with his cock out.  She nodded
and he fucked her as well - then another - then another.

   By the end of the night, cum as puddled around her feet and she had been
fucked by at least 15 different men and she had passed out from the
intensity of her orgasms.

   Everyone left.  I let her down, carried her to our bed, and we slept in
each others arms, covered in the juices of her body and that of 15 men.

   Please email comments to knightwolf999@charter.net
