My Girlfriend is a Slut
Jake
Tue Nov 6, 2007 11:43141.152.53.187

This is a story about my adventure and discovery of my girlfriends sexual 
kink. It all started about a year ago after a night of drinking and partying 
hard with some friends of ours. We had gotten back to her apartment and I 
sensed that something was going on in her head and ask if she wanted to talk about it? Beth took a deep breath and told me she hoped I wouldn't thing she 
was crazy but that tonight's Truth or Dare game had brought up some thoughts 
that she had tried for years to suppress. I ask what kind of thoughts and Beth 
paused before answering saying that she had for years wondered what it would 
be like to be treated as a slut, and to be made to obey the wishes of someone 
else. I was a little surprised but not shocked as she as always been a little 
submissive to others in lots of small ways. I ask her if she was serious about 
what she had just said and if she had really given it that much thought as 
Beth was basically a very shy and conserved person. She admitted that she had 
and wished she had the nerve to live it out. I saw that she was serious about 
this and told her that if she wanted I would help her carry it out. We talked 
the rest of the night about what would be required to make it happen and made 
plans to start on making it a reality first thing in the morning.

The next morning being a Saturday as Beth fixed breakfast, I started working 
on a script for later. Over breakfast we talked a little more about her 
confession of last night as I wanted to give her the chance to change her mind 
if she wanted too, but Beth was still wanting to do it. I told her that after 
we finished eating I wanted her to read something I had written. When we 
finished eating and washing the dishes Beth and I went into the living room 
and I handed her what I had written out. As she read what I had wrote I 
watched her face turn several shades of red and her breathing grew quite 
rapid. She laid the script down on the coffee table and said if she followed 
that script and anyone ever saw it she would be disgraced and humiliated 
beyond belief but knew that it would be needed to force her to follow though. 
Her next words changed both of our lives when she said okay, lets do it. I 
told her to go take a hot bath and shave her pubic areas as I set up the video 
equipment.

When Beth returned to our bedroom after her bath I had her sit on the bed and 
look into the video camera and give her name and address and phone number, 
where she worked her age and her measurements and admit she was a slut who 
wanted to be used as a sex toy. Next we went though her clothes and found her 
shortest mini skirt and a blouse that was almost see though and put it on, 
followed by a pair of 4 inch heels. When she had finished I had her look at 
herself in the mirror so she could see what everyone else was going to see. 
Then I told her we were going to the mall where she would follow my 
instructions to the letter or the video she had just made would be posted on 
the web tonight and the address given to her friends and family plus her 
coworkers at the bank where she worked as a teller. I told her that when she 
sat down anywhere she would spread her legs at least nine inches apart. Then I 
went and took a quick shower and dressed for Beth's first outing as a slut, on 
the way out of the bedroom I picked up the video camera to record today's 
adventure.

At the mall I filmed her walking up to the mall as the wind played havoc with 
her skirt lifting it and showing the world she had nothing on beneath it, and 
her breast bouncing and swaying under her blouse. We walked around just window 
shopping till we found a shoe store that looked promising, I took her arm and 
led her inside. I told her to find a couple of pair of heels she liked and 
have one of the young collage age clerks measure her for the right size and to 
remember how she was to sit. When she found the shoes she ask one of the young 
men to measure her foot for the correct fit. When the clerk knelt at her feet 
to measure them I saw him look up and see her bare pussy looking back at him, 
his face burst into a smile as he took his sweet time in measuring her before 
getting up to get the shoes she had picked out. When he stood up you could see 
the bulge in his trousers as he walked to the back. When he returned carrying 
the shoes another guy was with him, it turned out to be the store manager. As 
the clerk lifted Beth's leg to slip the first shoe on the manager saw his 
clerk hadn't been kidding when he said that his customer didn't have anything 
on under her skirt. Beth got up and walked around in the new heels making sure 
that they were comfortable and fit right before sitting back down to try on 
the other pair. This time the manager helped her with the shoes. The whole 
time I was videoing the sale. When she had checked out the second pair she 
agreed to buy both. The manager gave her the employee discount on the shoes 
and told her to return any time. Our next stop was at TGIF restaurant where I 
led her to the bar for a well deserved drink. The bar stool was one of the 
high ones and with her sitting like she was told the whole place got a good 
view up her skirt and a excellent view of her bald wet pussy. When we finished 
the drinks we left for our next stop.

Our next stop was a adult bookstore to purchase some toys.
When we pulled into the parking lot and parked I had her undo the top three 
buttons of her blouse, Beth complained her tits would be exposed like that and 
I told her it was either that or she was going in topless. Inside the store we 
walked around making sure all the guys got a good view of her as I had her 
bending over from the waist to get things from the bottom shelf knowing her 
ass and pussy would be on display as well as her boobs which were sure to fall 
out. She had the stores undivided attention the whole time we were there. Our 
bank account took a hit as we bought lots of toys to use later. Outside the 
store we walked to the car where I put our purchases in the trunk and then 
walked to my door and got in, Beth tapped on the window to get my attention to 
open her door, I rolled the window down a little and told her to strip before 
she got in. I thought she was going to faint as she looked around in a panic 
to see if anyone was watching as she took off her skirt and blouse telling me 
to open the damn door. I pushed the trunk release button and told her to put 
her clothes in the trunk. Beth hurried to follow my last order and as she was 
opening her door she saw what she hadn't seen before, we were parked right in 
front of the bookstore outside surveillance camera.

On the way back to our apartment Beth was very quite as she rode naked through 
downtown knowing that people were seeing her at every light and every truck or 
bus we passed had a good view of her naked charms. When we got back to the 
apartment complex I retrieved her clothes and allowed her to get dressed 
before we went inside. The minute we got inside Beth grabbed me and told me to 
... her hard right now.



My Girlfriend is a Slut 2
The next day being Sunday both Beth and I slept late But Beth woke before me and headed for the bathroom then went to fix breakfast. I woke up later and joined Beth in the kitchen and fixed myself a cup of coffee as I watched Beth finish fixing our food. After we ate and cleaned up the mess in the kitchen and over a second cup of coffee for both of us we discussed yesterdays adventure.

Beth told me how she had felt being dressed as she was, saying it had made her feel so sexy and that when the clerk in the shoe store was looking up her skirt at her bare pussy had made her feel so humiliated and exposed. Then the trip to TGIF and the exposure there had heighten the feeling's even more, and finally the trip to the bookstore and the events there had made her feel like a total slut. I ask if she wanted to stop at this point or hadn't she had enough yet. Beth told me that while it had been embarrassing she wanted more of it. I agreed to continue to put her out there in more embarrassing situation's. I told her that from now own she was to be naked in the apartment at all times and that she wasn't to wear a bra or panties again without my permission, she agreed to that .We talked about what would her friends think of her if they found out and my friends and both of us knew not all of them would understand or accept it but agreed most of them would.

Monday she went to work dressed as normal other than not wearing any underwear and when she got home she couldn't wait to tell me how it had turned her on so much to be waiting on people all day long knowing she was naked under her dress and wondering how people would react if they knew. That night I had her explain all that again as I videoed her confession as she masturbated for the camera. The rest of the week past quickly and without any undo exposure of her, that is until Friday night. I suggested we just order a pizza and eat in tonight and Beth loved that idea as it meant she didn't have to cook, at least she loved it till she realized that the pizza place we used knew both of us and worse used the bank she worked at for there account, and that the delivery guy would be seeing her naked. I eased her mind a little by telling her we would call a different place tonight that didn't know us so well. That night was her first experience of being fully naked in front of a stranger and to say that the delivery guy enjoyed the view would be a huge understatement. I can still see the looks on both there face's when Beth opened the door for him and invited him in while she got the money to pay for it. The guy took his time counting out her change and left saying he hoped she would call again for delivery.

When he left the pizza had a chance to cool as Beth pulled me to the bedroom where again she jumped my bones. After that we returned to the living room and ate the pizza and watched TV. Saturday I woke Beth early and told her we were going for picnic later today and how I wanted her dressed and told her I had some errands to run and to be ready to go when I returned home. After getting my errands run I picked up what we would have for our picnic and a bottle of nice wine to go with it. When I got home Beth was dressed as I ask and she looked lovely, her hair up in a pony tail, her white peasant blouse off her shoulders, and her blue jean denim mini skirt. The drive to the county was peaceful and when we arrived at the location I had picked Beth Loved it. The lake I had found several years back was just as I remembered quite, and remote. After we ate I got Beth undressed and we made love next to the lake. Afterwards Beth started to dress and I told her not to bother just yet and went and got the camera for more pictures before she dressed.

On the way home I told her that I had a surprise for her and then told her what it was as we pulled up in the parking lot of a small strip club. The owner of it was a guy I knew from work, not really a friend but just someone who I knew would be more than willing to help in my plan. When we got inside I ask if Joe was here and the pretty blond behind the bar said he was in the back and that she would get him. Beth was watching the girl on stage as she danced naked except for a g string that covered little. When Joe came out I ask him if he could help a friend out and let my girlfriend dance some, he looked at Beth and said sure, asking if she had a costume or not. I told him no that she would be dancing in just what she had on. I gave him her name and he told me she would be called up soon. Beth was beginning to worry a little and ask if I was really going to make her dance for a bunch of strangers, I ask if she'd rather do it for her friends and mine and that shut her up. In just a few minuets her name was called, and she got on stage. The first song was a little slow as she took her time in removing her blouse but when the guys saw her tits they went wild and started putting there dollars on the stage. The second song Beth removed her skirt to show them her naked body and her pouting labia lips puffed up red and excited, the place when nut's. Beth danced two more songs moving around the stage like a natural giving all the guys a good view of her excited sex before moving on to the next. When the next girls name was called she got dressed and got down but not before collecting her money. Joe joined us at the table and offered her a job on the spot which Beth declined.

On the way home Beth babbled about how wild and exciting that had been and how much money they had tipped her. I told her that the next step was to expose her to some of my friends, maybe my poker buddies next weekend as it was my turn to host the game.

Now as we all know real live is much harder to deal with than fiction so I was as concerned about that as Beth and that you had better know what your getting into before starting something you might regret. I told Beth that once we took that next step her fate was sealed. I told her to let me know next Friday before the guys showed up, telling her if she didn't want to go that far yet she could stay in the bedroom, but if she agreed she would be serving us our beer that night and who knew what else. 





 