Twas the Night Before Christmas
by Humilatron

Twas the night before Christmas and all through the house not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse. You know the tale of the father who went down and caught Santa Claus putting the presents in the chimney with the children all snug in their bed hoping Saint Nick soon would be there yada yada. But did you know the story of the girl across the street from them?

You see, across the street from the Wu family (the family in the story), there was house that was fairly large as in that house was a very wealthy family. They were two parents with an only child, a daughter so spoiled and so rotten she made the Grinch look like a kid of Christmas Day.

Samantha Rogers was her name as she was the most popular girl in her high school and also the most infamous. She was the naughtiest and most spoiled of them all. She would always picky on Cindy Wu who had the unfortunate name and was always teased and called Cindy WooHoo by the notorious bully. She would often strip Cindy of her clothes leaving her naked in the hallways and embarrassed in front of all of the school. Samantha never cared about the humiliation and pain she caused Cindy. All she cared about was power.

Well this year, Cindy had a very specific wish for Santa Claus this year as he informed her father of these happenings Samantha would cause. She told him about the strippings and the humiliating deeds she had to do, so when Mr. Wu met Santa that night before Christmas, he told him about Cindy's wish in person, and Santa was much too jolly to oblige.

"Oh don't you worry. She's my next stop," he chuckled. "I will make Cindy's Christmas miracle come true."

So when Santa flew away into the night, he made a detour to Samantha's house. Samantha didn't believe in Santa Claus because he never came for her. She was always so naughty that Santa didn't even bother to give her coal for being as bad as she was. So this trip on the night before Christmas was definitely a special one as this would be the first time in a very long time Santa actually appeared at Samantha's house, but this time he was not bearing gifts as he left his sack in his sleigh.

You see, this Christmas Samantha was being left home alone as her parents were off on a vacation for just the two of them. Rather convenient but more like a Christmas miracle. Santa went through the whole house clearing every little piece of furniture and clothing that could possibly be used to cover Samantha's body. Then he went to her room at last and stripped her of her pajamas and all of the clothes in her wardrobe. When Santa was done, Samantha was left completely naked with nothing to use to hide. He also made it so that any artificial body enhancements would restore itself back to its original appearance which meant that Samantha's most recent boob job was completely gone leaving her to his amusement flatter than a piece of cardboard.

Her nose was also enlargened quite a bunch as she had had a nose job as well. Her face looked much different from what she strutted around with, and her butt shrank a significant portion as her butt job completely vanished as well. Then if that wasn't embarrassing enough being stripped of all of her things, Santa took Samantha onto his sleigh in the naked glory she was and he dropped her off in the middle of town with absolutely nothing to cover with. He then used a pair of handcuffs that she had actually asked for this Christmas and he used them against her cuffing her hands behind her back and dropping the key down the sewer.

By the time Samantha finally awoke she was left with quite the surprise and a front page headline on the local papers would also read SAMANTHA ROGERS SHOWS HER TRUE COLORS as a fully naked and exposed Samantha was featured and displayed all over. Now just picture this naked girl running down the streets of town on Christmas morning when the streets are the most busy with her hands cuffed behind her back with the gift she was given all the way to her house which was an hour away on foot.

Because that was the image everyone saw that Christmas morning

Christmas Morning


So last we left off, Samantha Rogers was running through town butt naked with her hands cuffed behind her back, and I bet you were thinking this story was over, but why end the story before the real humilation begins? You see, Cindy Wu woke up Christmas morning bright and early. Presents were tucked underneath the tree with care as the stockings were filled to the brim, but as Cindy brought in the newspapers, she couldn't believe her eyes. It was Samantha on the front page. Her bully was butt naked running through the streets and caught completely uncovered on the front page of the local newspaper.

Cindy decided to pay a visit to Samantha across the street to see if this news was true for herself. She walked across the street wearing her long winter coat her mother had bought for her. All she had to do was exit her front door to see that it was true. Samantha wasn't even able to get into her own house as with her hands pinned behind her back and the doors and windows to her house were all bolted shut.

As Cindy approached she couldn't help but giggle. There her bully was sitting there on her front steps with her flat nipples sticking out and she couldn't help but notice her bare pussy as well. Cindy pulled out her phone and snapped a quick picture of Samantha. Samantha bolted upright seeing Cindy taking a picture of her.

"Look at you sitting there all naked and exposed," Cindy giggled.

Samantha blushed unable to do anything. "You will pay for that!" Samantha yeller. "I swear I will punch the living daylights out of you and make you run around as naked as I am when I'm free."

"Please, you're all talk and no action, but more importantly even if you did strip me, it would only make you look more pathetic, Ms. Cardboard Tits. My breasts may be on the smaller side, but at least I have some," Cindy then grabbed Samantha around the waist and lifted her up above her shoulders. As she did Samantha's butt pointed outwards.

"What are you doing?" Samantha demanded.

"What I've been wanting to do for at least 10 years," Cindy giggled as she positioned Samantha across the stair railing so that her butt cheeks were high in the air with her head dipping down and her legs sprawled wide open as she feared falling from the railing as her hands were still pinned behind her back.

Cindy then placed Samantha's right leg on the opposite side of the railing causing her legs to spread even wider causing her pussy and butthole to be on full display. Then Cindy with a satisfied smile on her face took some more photos before commencing.

WACK WACK WACK WACK WACK. Cindy wailed her hand down on Samantha's butt cheeks.

SMACK WHAP WACK SMACK WACK SMACK WACK. Cindy's hand flew alternating rapidly between both cheeks.

"You made my life a living hell," Cindy cried with anger. "You humiliated me in front of everyone! How does it feel now to be exposed to everyone in town? How does it feel to have everyone staring at you as you run naked through the streets? Because I can tell you that is only a fraction of the things you made me feel. Well Merry Christmas, Samantha. You're on the naughty list. And I'm here to give you your coal!"

SMACK WHAP SMACK WACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK.

Samantha gritted her teeth not wanting to give in as Cindy continued to smack. "You need to be taught a lesson," Cindy continued. "A lesson so bad you will NEVER forget it. So here I am, giving you this spanking. But we are just getting started. This whole thing is being recorded as people are staring from the streets, watching you get your desserts. You better squirm as hard as you can. You better resist as hard as you can. Because if you don't. You'll have nothing left by the time I'm done with you. No dignity. No modesty. Not even a smidge of grace."

SMACK SMACK WACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK. Samantha's cheeks glowed bright red as Samantha began to sob and plead. "I'm so sorry! I've been so naughty! I'm sorry for how I've treated you! I'm sorry for being the way I've been, but please, please stop. Please, I beg you to have mercy."

Cindy stopped spanking Samantha's butt as she heard her pleas. She smiled to herself. She had her bully wrapped around her finger now. "Sorry. Isn't. Good. Enough," Cindy spat in Samantha's face. "You remember just last week ago? You dragged me out of the locker rooms after I finished showering. You made me streak naked down the halls just so I could get back inside. You laughed at me as I did so. I begged you to have mercy on me, and tell me. Did you?"

Samantha shook her head.

"Then I think you know my response to your plea for mercy," Cindy replied. "Now it's time for your humiliation day."

Cindy didn't spank Samantha's butt anymore. In fact she stopped doing so for awhile. Instead she quickly set up a tripod directly behind Samantha. She placed her HD camera on the stand and made sure it had the perfect frame of right between Samantha's legs. And then, Cindy pressed record.

Samantha couldn't see any of this and was fairly confused as to what Cindy was doing. Then she felt and odd sensation on her bare pussy. It was cold yet felt good and relaxing. It took a few wipes to realize Cindy was using baby wipes on her bottom. As Cindy wiped Samantha's lips with the wipes, Samantha felt a tingle.

Then Cindy threw the wipe away and then rested her hand below Samantha's pussy and slowly ever so gently Cindy brushed her fingertips on Samantha's lips.

"What are you doing?" Samantha demanded as Cindy continued to brush ever so lightly.

The baby wipes made Samantha's pussy very sensitive as the soft material stimulated Samantha leaving her vulnerable to Cindy's cruel game.

Cindy took her other hand and ever so lightly rubbed her fingertips in a circular motion on Samantha's right nipple. It didn't take long before Samantha's nipples were rock solid while the other hand was busy with her pussy lips making the gentlest motions possible.

It became abundantly clear what Cindy was doing and Samantha began to beg and plead. "No. Anything but that, please. I'll do anything. Please. Please. Please stop. No please. Oh god. Please stop. Please it feels so.... good. Uhhhh. Please d-don't stop. mmmmmmm."

Samantha thrusted her hips as much as she could being bent over the railing. Her flat butt managed to give a little jiggle as her hips moved up and down now fighting an epic battle to resist the sensations of Cindy's little fingers. Cindy released her hands leaving Samantha at the very peak of the climax. "No! Please! Don't stop now!" she begged as she squirmed to look behind unable to finish the job. "Please finish me. Please."

Cindy giggled at Samantha's begging. "You poor poor little girl. So naughty to be asking others to finish you off especially on camera. I will get someone to finish the job. Don't worry about that. But hopefully he won't say no to your flat little chest and your small flat butt."

"He?!!!" Samantha squealed. "Who's he?!"

"Oh didn't I tell you? I invited Jason over to come watch you squirm," Cindy smiled wickedly knowing full well that Jason was Samantha's crush.

"No. Please. Not Jason. He cannot see me like this!" Samantha cried.

"Oh, I already have," Jason spoke from behind. "It seems you've been lying to people about how real your body is, Sammy. Only naughty little girls lie about their bodies. But don't worry. I will be kind enough to grant you satisfaction. And then and only then I will cut those handcuffs off to allow you to push yourself off from your position. But assure you, no one will help you get down."

"Ja-jason?" Samantha asked, crying. "No. No it can't be you. It can't be. Please, Cindy this is a joke, right? Please. I beg you, not in front of Jason."

Samantha heard footsteps and then as she looked in front it was definitely Jason who came and crouched down to her eye level. She squirmed just seeing him standing there. "It's definitely me," Jason snickered. "But Sammy, are you sure that's you? I don't recognize your face. It seems you had so much botox that you're almost unrecognizable. Almost. I do recognize that birthmark on your right butt cheek. So it has to be you."

Samantha felt so much shame as Jason, her crush, made fun of her face and body and how it was so different from what he expected. And in the meantime, Cindy cruelly continued to rub Samantha's pussy ever so gently on the lips. Jason walked back around as he switched places with Cindy.

Cindy's eyes lightened up as she stared at her bully's face who couldn't help but beg her crush to finish her off. And he did. He stepped aside and Cindy quickly came around to watch Samantha's juices squirt out from her pussy. It was actually embarrassing. Because of all of the changes to Samantha's body, there was not that much cum that squirted out in fact, if you blinked you would surely miss it.

Cindy burst out laughing at this revelation and Jason did the same as they both roared with laughter at the pathetic amount of cum that had squirted out. "All that, and that's it??" Cindy laughed as tears rolled down her cheeks.

"Wow," Jason chuckled. "Not even satisfaction. You don't have the parts, but you don't even have the product either."

Samantha cried in humiliation as her body started to fully relax leaving her completely embarrassed by the lack of production. And just as he promised Jason cut Samantha's hand cuffs with a box cutter sawing the chain off. And as soon as he did, Cindy and Jason walked around to watch as poor Samantha struggled and squirmed. To their delight, Samantha was so weak from the climax that she couldn't even push herself off the railing. She laid there with her legs wide open and couldn't even push herself off despite not being handcuffed anymore.

And to add to Samantha's cruel punishment, Cindy finally got her Christmas wish to see her bully get humiliated and to have Jason kiss her on the lips as they kissed right in front of Samantha's face. And finally after a complete makeout session, Samantha was able to push herself off. She immediately ran for her door as she tried to open it, but of course it was till locked.

Cindy giggled and Jason laughed. "Looks like your present is being locked out of your house butt naked. Or maybe it's the coal," Cindy sneered.

Samantha crouched down trying to over herself as she didn't know what to do. And then a Christmas miracle happened. Santa approached from behind as he chuckled. "Samantha Rogers," he called out.

Samantha stood up and faced the man in the red suit as the others watched. "Ho ho ho, you've been a very naughty girl this Christmas. Tormenting poor Cindy. That I chose to fulfill Cindy's Christmas wish. So here's the deal. You are to spend the rest of the naked. No covering yourself at all. And if you go the entire day, spending it as you normally would, and believe me, I will know. Then and only then will your house unlock for you and your possessions will all be restored. Well, all except your er body modifications."

And with those words Santa disappeared. Samantha's cuffs disappeared but now she was left with quite the dilemma as she had planned to go to a Christmas party with her friends as the whole school was invited. Cindy smiled as she was also invited to the party knowing full well that Samantha would have to attend.

"I'll see you there," Cindy giggled as she walked away.

Christmas Party

Samantha approached the house which had cars lined all down the street scared of the moment she would step inside. What would people say? What would people think? She wish she could crawl in a hole and die, but she had no choice but to go inside in front of all her classmates if she wanted the chance of having her clothes back and entering her own house. She thought about turning around. She thought about going to the mall and buying clothes, but she was too embarrassed to even attempt going to a crowded mall especially since it was the holidays and the stores would be packed with people taking advantage of the winter sales.

As Samantha started to turn around, Cindy spotted her. "Samantha! There you are! Come inside and greet everyone. You are the guest of honor, after all. Don't you dare try and run away now."

Samantha turned to Cindy who was standing next to Jason her arm wrapped around his waist and his around hers. Samantha wanted to cry. She wanted to run. But for some reason she couldn't. Instead she started to walk towards the house as naked as she was. She couldn't even cover herself as her arms glued to her sides.

Cindy giggled as Samantha approached. "Sorry, I'm still getting used to this new look."

Samantha blushed a deep red. "You certainly are something, Sammy," Jason laughed.

That hurt the most. Her own crush laughing at her as she stood there naked and exposed to everyone looking. Cindy then held open the door and Samantha walked inside. As if she was a royal princess, Cindy called out. "Samantha Rogers of Nudeville has arrived!"

Everyone turned to the door to see Samantha standing there naked with her flat as cardboard tits and completely bare pussy and her small flat butt for the people behind her. One person burst out laughing and then as if the gates had been opened, everyone in the house started laughing at Samantha. "Oh my god where are her tits??"

"Does she stuff her bras?"

"Someone hasn't hit puberty or at least I hope not!"

"Oh my god this is hilarious."

"You're getting this on film right? Oh man this is going all over the internet."

Samantha cried as she wanted to cover herself so badly but she couldn't. People didn't know that Samantha did have breasts, at least fake ones anyways. Her bras weren't stuffed, it was all surgery. But it didn't matter because the truth was pretty clear. Samantha actually had gone through puberty. She recieved her periods and she went through the whole process. But she was also diagnosed with a pretty come prepubescent disorder which basically meant puberty didn't work for her. She finished puberty at such a young age that she might as well never had gone through iit. So Samantha asked her mother to go through breast surgery, but now none of that mattered as she stood there in her true nature.

"Wait!" Cindy called as she groped Samantha's breasts. "I think there is a hump. She's not completely flat."

"Looks flat to me," a girl, named Katie sneered. "Must be a microscopic hump. I've heard of a micropenis, didn't realize microtits were a thing until now."

Samantha was then shoved to the ground by Katie. And then her legs were lifted high and wide in the air by a couple other girls exposing everything to everyone. "Wow she's completely bare and no stubble. And that is definitely not waxed," Katie giggled and jeered. "Look how tight her pussy is too. And I do wonder."

She pulled out her phone and turned on the flashlight and then spread Samantha's pussy lips wide open. As she searched inside she found exactly what she wanted. "Ooo. Someone's a virgin!" She yelled.

"18 years old and a virgin? Well I suppose she's also flat so makes sense," a guy called out.

"Here I thought she was the slut of the school," snickered another guy. "But apparently she hasn't slept at all."

Samantha couldn't help but cry as Katie continued to pry looking at everything she possibly could. Then to Samantha's utter embarrassment Katie shoved her thumb up Samantha's butt hole. It instinctively puckered and closed around Katie's thumb. "Wow really tight ass," Katie reported. "Never did anal either. Tell us Sammy. And don't lie. Have you ever done oral either."

Samantha cried in humiliation as she wanted to lie. But she was compelled to tell the truth as she shook her head. "No. I haven't even kissed anyone," Samantha announced and then cringed not knowing why she added that last part.

Everyone laughed at this revelation. Katie smiled and giggled before kissing Samantha in front of everyone watching. "Great, your first kiss is with a girl you don't even like," she giggled.

Samantha squirmed with embarrassment as Katie was now on top of her with her legs still wide open. Katie was being given a very exclusive showing as even the girls holding her legs didn't get nearly as great a view as she did. Katie then inserted two fingers into Samantha's pussy and to make her even more humiliated, the fingers came out soaking wet. Then Katie put her fingers to Samantha's mouth. "Suck."

Samantha opened her mouth reluctantly as Katie shoved her fingers into Samantha's mouth forcing her to lick and suck her own pussy juice in front of the whole school. And of course, everyone was recording everything. Then Katie began to rub Samantha's pussy ever so gently and sucking her nipples. She continued to suck and even continued to kiss Samantha as she rubbed harder and harder. She even stuck her fingers back inside Samantha going in and out as she sucked on Samantha's nipples and kissed her face.

To Samantha's surprise she was actually really enjoying it as Katie kissed her neck and found her sweet spot. Forgetting about everyone watching, Samantha moaned and then she began to kiss Katie back. She moaned and moaned as Katie continued. And then just before the climax, Katie let go of Samantha. And she stepped back to watch the fireworks as Samantha screamed clearly having an orgasm. But as everyone watched Samantha's embarrassment reached its peak as nothing was released. Katie put her hand to her mouth as she gasped and then giggled.

After a full orgasm, there was nothing. No release. No cum. Not even a squirt. This time even if you blinked you wouldn't have missed anything because nothing happened. "I guess someone's tank is empty," Cindy laughed.

"That's it?"

"Aw man, that was so anticlimactic."

"Are you kidding that was hilarious! No wonder she's a virgun, she can't even cum!"

Samantha cried in humiliation as her legs were still being held wide open. Finally after laying there for about an hour as everyone took pictures and even tried to make Samantha was let go and she could finally stand. Samantha blushed a deep red and cried in embarrassment. She then approached Cindy and held her head in shame. "I'm so sorry. I'm sorry I treated you the way I did for so long. I'm sorry I humuliated you and made fun of you. To tell you the truth, I felt jealous and insecure around you. You have this body that's all natural, and I need to have surgery just to come close to having what you have. I really am sorry."

"This doesn't change anything, Samantha. But I appreciate your apology."

She then approached Katie and blushed a deep red as Katie smiled at her. "Katie... I don't know how to explain things. I'm not gay. I definitely like guys. But after tonight... I don't think I'm straight either," she tried to explain. "I don't think I'm necessarily bi either. I just don't know. You're the first girl to make me feel the way I did. Happ, excited, and caught up in the moment."

Katie smiled. "I didn't expect anything from that. I know you're embarrassed by all of this. But let me tell you Sammy. You don't need surgery to be beautiful. You already are. You just don't see it that way."

Samantha frowned. "But everyone laughs at me. You saw how they acted today. Imagine what life would have been like if I hadn't had surgery for the past 3 years," Samantha cried.

Katie used her hand to brush a strand of hair behind Samantha's ear and then to Samantha's surprise, she kissed her. Samantha couldn't help but smile as she kissed Katie back. "They only laugh because they don't understand. They don't understand what it's like to not be able to have something that seems normal. I've had surgery too. Not breast surgery, but other types. It makes you feel better about yourself. It makes you more confident when you have control over how you look, but you, Samantha. Don't need surgery to look beautiful. To be honest, nobody does. They just do it because it makes them feel better."

Samantha frowned but nodded. "I guess that makes sense. I just don't know where I go from here. Everyone's seen me naked. Everyone's made fun of me and seen the truth. How do I face them?"

Katie smiled again before caressing Samantha's cheek. "Just hold your head up high and don't let it bother you. Eventually people will forget and move on. I promise you."

Samantha blushed a deep red. "Do you... do you think we could go upstairs. I... I'm feeling a bit... well..."

Katie grinned and laughed. "I guess I do have that effect on people. Come on."

Katie took Samantha's hand and they sneaked up the stairs. Samantha giggled to herself feeling happy in an odd way for at least she was getting something out of this humiliation.

The Aftermath
Samantha laid in the bed with her legs spread wide open as she gasped. Katie really turned her on as she sucked and licked her pussy lips. Sucking the juices from her lips. Samantha couldn't help but moan as Katie went down on her. Katie looked up and grinned. "Enjoying yourself?" She teased.

Samantha blushed as she bit the bottom of her lip and nodded. "Please don't stop. Please. You can't just stop now."

"Oh man, the way you beg. Oh fine, I shall continue," Katie smiled as she continued to suck Samantha's pussy.

Samantha had to bite her lip to avoid screaming as Katie found Samantha's sweetspot. Little did Samantha know that Cindy had spotted her sneaking up the stairs and followed close behind. Everyone was watching through the crack of the door and giggling quietly as Samantha moaned. Katie had stripped off her own clothes showcasing her round B cup breasts and her slim curves as her round bubble butt made all the guys grow hard as they watched. Katie's pussy was not bare like Samantha's but was trimmed in a rather sexy way.

Samantha didn't even care about everyone as she smiled with satisfaction as Katie began to make her way up to her other lips. Samantha smiled as Katie kissed her and she kissed Katie. Then to the audience's delight they switched positions so that Samantha was now on top and Katie was on the bottom. Samantha kissed her way down to Katie's pussy lips as she spread Katie's legs wide open making all of the guys gasp as they had a great view of it all.

Katie sat bolt upright knocking Samantha off of her body as she heard the gasps behind the door. Samantha paled as she got up from the bed and Katie opened the door to reveal everyone crammed in the hallway trying to get a look. She put her hands on her hips as she rolled her eyes. "Really?" Katie said. "Don't you all have something better to do then to spy on us?!"

Samantha approached from behind blushing and bit her lip. She couldn't believe what she was saying. "If you all really want to watch you can come inside. But no cameras. I see a camera and we stop."

The guys all nodded while some of the girls also filed inside. Katie turned to Samantha but smiled ar her sudden boldness. "How surprising of you," Katie smirked. "I didn't think you had it in you."

Samantha blushed but grinned. "Why not? They've already seen everything."

Katie kissed Samantha as they made their way back to the bed resuming their positions as Samantha sucked Katie's soaking wet pussy. It is unclear to this day whether or not anyone did film the two girls, but it didn't matter anymore as they both lived happily ever after.

The end. 