It had been a long day for Ivy. She let out a growl as she made her way all the way back downstairs and to the kitchen. She knew that she could find him there. A smile rested on her lips as she thought about him and all the times he was there for her. No one ever saw this, but he always was so gentle and kind around her. He wasn't with that with others. That was only because the hadn't earned his respect. Although, he wasn't like this at first with her. But once he saw that she could hold her own and that she had brains, he soon began to like her more. He let down his guard with her. Ivy blushed more as she thought about their first time.
There was a nasty storm outside, and Ivy found it hard to sleep. She didn't like being alone in her room when it was so nasty outside. She had decided that she needed to be someplace else. And the only thing that she could think about was getting up and heading straight to Edmund's room. He would make her feel better. She had to wonder how he would react when she told him that she couldn't sleep, due to the storm outside. She frowned at the thought of him laughing at her and kicking her out of his room. But she had to try.
Her feet rested on the cold floor as she stood up from her bed and grabbed her robe. She wrapped it around her and looked at herself in her mirror. She looked as good as she was going to look at this hour. At least everyone else was asleep during this time of night. Her hand rested on her door and she pushed it open. She had already tucked her key inside of one of the pockets of her robe so that she could get back in later. But, again, she hoped that he would let her stay in his room for the night. A blush ran over her face as she thought about what she was doing. She was only a maid and she was almost throwing herself at him at this stage. She shook her head as she started to make her way down the hallway. She turned her head from left to right as she looked down the hallway to make sure that no one really was awake right now. Some strands of her pink hair fell in her face as she smiled. No one was around.
The door shut silently behind her as she didn't want to make a sound. Her small bare feet made their way towards his door. His door was at the end of the hallway. She took a deep breath as she rested her head on the door as she wondered if he was even asleep right now. She knew that sometimes he didn't get much sleep, but that was due to the huge amount of stress that he was under during the rest of the day. She knew it was hard keeping up with what the stupid Prince decided he wanted to do that day or the stupid ideas that always needed to be changed around to save everyone's lives. She had to wonder at this point if Edmund himself should just be named Prince since he seemed to do more than the moron that did hold that title did. She let out a sigh as she gave a small little knock on the door and waited.
Edmund grumbled as he heard the knock on his door. He rolled himself over and looked at the door. The only thing that he could think of was the Prince knocking on his door because of the storm outside. He knew that he wasn't fond of them. He sat up in bed as he watched the door and when the Prince didn't come barging in, he began to wonder if it was something else. With a sigh, he finally got out of his bed and walked up to the door and pulled it open. He was surprised to find Ivy on the other end of it. He was just about to give a lip thrashing to whoever it was, but seeing her caused him to think twice, "Miss Ivy, what are you doing here?"
Ivy smiled as she looked up at him. He was in his nightwear, which was just a very long white shirt. A blush ran over her cheeks as she wiggled a little bit as she suddenly felt nervous, "Well, I couldn't sleep. The storm outside was bothering me and I was wondering if I could come to stay in your room tonight." She knew that was a bold statement to make. She also knew that he would probably not be amused with it. But his face didn't change. She waited as she chewed on her lip and played with a strand of her pink hair. She sometimes played with her hair when she was nervous and his long pause was killing her.
He watched her long and hard as he tried to think of something to say. For once, he wasn't sure what to say. He always had something in mind, but he honestly was thrown a sideball from this one. He ran a hand through his hair as he opened his door for her more. He knew that this was a bad idea, but she made him feel differently than anyone else. He smiled, "Alright. Come inside."
Ivy was not expected him to say that. She smiled more as she stepped inside. Her own mind raced with what she was going to say to him now, but the only thing that came to her was the truth. So, she thought maybe it was time to just come clean with him. After she stepped inside and he shut the door behind them, she turned to him. She took a deep breath and began, "Thank you. I just always feel safe when I'm around you. And I also find myself thinking about you when I'm alone at night. I like you."
It was his turn to blush as he looked at her. He was not familiar to people showing him affection. But here he was, with a girl in the room with him. And she just proclaimed her affections towards him. What was he going to do? He didn't want to take advantage of her, and he didn't want to scare her away. He stepped up to her and rested his hands on her shoulders as she looked up at him with her gray eyes. He never knew her eyes were gray before, "Miss Ivy, I'll always keep you safe." With that, he pulled her into a hug.
Ivy was snapped out of her thoughts as she heard sounds upstairs. She growled and shook her head. She didn't have time for that right now. She had to get down to the kitchen. He would be down there. He always was down there at this time.
There was only one thing that she wanted. Her small feet carried her right to the kitchen. She moved swiftly down the steps. She knew where he was in the kitchen. Around the corner was his writing desk. She smiled as she figured he would be there, counting out a bag of coins he got from his weekly sock selling. The only downside of that was that Ivy was the one that had to buy new socks. Oh well, she got a share in the profit.
She turned the corner and saw he was sitting there. Usually, she wasn't the first one to be the aggressor, but today she would be.
"Stand up."
Edmund stood up without saying a word. He knew it was her and by the sound of her voice, she meant business. It was best not to give her any lip. He did sometimes, but only because he knew that she liked it and it made the fire in her burn brighter. He waited for what she would say next.
"Open up your flap and take me against the wall."
A smirk came over his face. Something must have happened to put her in this mood. He would have to investigate later, right now he got busy on the important task of opening up his flap. He turned around to face her as she had her back pressed against the wall and her dress and slip lifted up.
He pressed his body against her own. She lifted her legs up around him and rested her feet on his desk, locking him in place.
He gave her a hard kiss on the lips as her arms wrapped around him. He pushed himself inside of her. She was already wet and ready. She must have been thinking about this while on her way here. He broke the kiss and growled as he started to pump into her. Her nails pressed into his thick black jacket.
His hazel eyes met her own. Both stared intently at each other. He had never seen Ivy in this state. She moaned out, "Harder."
All he could do was move harder.
Ivy clawed down his back as her feet pressed into the table more. She cried out as it didn't take her long at all to orgasm and cum all over him. The spasms that she was having was enough to make him cum as well.
Her head rested against his shoulder as she came down. Her feet rested slowly on the floor. His arms wrapped around her as he sank them into his chair.
His hand and fingers slowly ran through her pink hair as he gasped and caught his breath, "May I ask what caused all of this?"
Ivy panted a few times to get her own breath, "The Prince's flower garden has been turned into Baldric's turnip pit. I had to clean everything up."
Edmund let out a sigh, "That explains everything. But, I did rather enjoy this."
Ivy let out a laugh, "I knew you would make me feel better. You always do."
He blushed and smiled as they cuddled in his chair. The bag of coin totally forgotten, he was doing something much more important.