Hi Readers this is nalav. Like to share my own experience to you. I like this site very much. It seems that 50% of stories are true. This experience happened a month ago with my cousin sister neha (name changed). I got the help from this site. This site helped me to get this chance.
The story begins now. I am regular reader of this site stories for past 6-7 months. I have a PC in my room. I came to know this site by my net friend. Before that also I use to read proxy books. So I am very much interested in reading this types of stories. I never keep net on and read the stories. I use to copy all the stories in MS-Word File and save it and keep and read in the night, otherwise make printout keep as if it's my project work. This was my habit of reading.
Now let me tell about Neha. She is my Cousin Sister and stays next to my house. She is only sister of my uncle. She is 23 yrs old. (Single, looking for a nice boy) And I am the only son of my parents. I am 20 yrs old. Working. She always come to our house as if her own house, no one use to tell anything to her. She also use to come to my room and sit in my PC and do her work. Once this happened that I was taking printout of some of the stories to read, unfortunately there was a power fail. I waited for 10-20 minutes to get back the power. So I went out and came in evening. I the mean while my sister came to my room and switch on the PC to draft a mail to her friend. As soon as she switch on the PC she found some pending Printout, asking for comment to Cancel or retry. She gave retry and feed some paper and the print started. And there was some 8 pages in the print. She saw the printout and she was shocked to see such stories, and Tittles of the stores are as follows My aunt Padma, My family, my love, Incest with bhatiji, Me and my sister, My cousin, MUM AND ME, Sex with Savitri, SEX WITH DEVAR. She took all the printouts along with her. And read all the stories.
From that day onwards she started continuing this for a weak time. She use to come to my room when ever I am not there in the house. She use check all my folders and collected all the stories, movies, pictures.
One day my partents and her parents went to some dead function where we both are not taken along with them. My mother requested her to prepare food for me also and also told her that they will be coming late night by 12.00. Morning I went out and came in the afternoon to have my food. Where I found was there in my house waiting for me to come to have lunch. As we both are very close to all the things, we normal use to discuss about all the topics very freely. Neha started about the topic about sex. And asked me weather I have any girlfriend. I said know. Then she ask what u think about sex. I said it's a feeling which gives pleasure to both of them. Then she said that she had heard from here friend about stories having sex with own brother or sister. I was socked and said may be possible. By the time we finished our lunch. I was watching T.V. She completed her kitchen work and sat along with me.
We searched for some good movies but all the movies were poring. She asked weather I have any movie in my PC. I said know. She said Let me check. I let her to check thinking that she don't know any thing About my secret files. But she said here is a movie and started playing. I was shocked to see the movie. I felt bad to see her face, but she looked me and the movie and said don't get shy come on lets watch the movie. I was sitting in fear by her side. Movie went on I got roasted, even she got roasted. She slowly but her hand above my rod. I was shocked and said know. But she said that she knows everything about me. And told all the things I am doing. And said don't get upset and said it's a feeling which can be satisfied with any one who ever it may be.
After that I got courage and but my hands to press her bobs it was realy nice. By one hand I pressed her boobs and gave nice kiss. She too responded to my kiss this continued for 15 minutes, She too pressing my rod, I got very hot I lifted her nighty along with her inner skit and fingered my hand on her pussy she started moaming like any thing. Soon I pulled my shoots down and took my tool out and inserted in her pussy. And started playing in & out game. She closed her eyes and was moaming loudly. I place a kiss to stop her loud noise. Within 10 minutes we both came out. I poured all my semen in side her pussy. And slept above her for 15 minutes. We both were in heaven. After that I was afraid to that I might have teared her virginity. I asked her was it not paining. She replied that she loosed her virginity long before 6 year when she was in her hostel. She use to have sex with female friends. She even had sex with one of her boy friend. After hearing this I removed her nighty and found that she was not wearing bar. After that I removed her inner skirt and made completely nude. And me to was nude in front of here.
She got up and took my tool in her mouth and gave me a nice blowjob. This continued for 10 minutes and loaded my cum in her mouth. Now I made her sleep and tasted her pussy it was wet with my cream mixed. I eat all the cream it was really very nice, during this section she got again with her cream. IU eated all her new cream also. By the rod got erected and was ready for fire. Again we had a nice section. This time we tried doggy style and she on my top and performed like mail. This continued till 8.00 p.m. after that we dress ourselves. She went to prepare dinner for us. We had our dinner. And had a small section completed by 10.30 and thought our parents may come at any time. And were watching T.V. in hall waiting for our parents to come. They came at 11.15 and she went to her house. Now a day we use to have sex when we get time and chance to do. She also introduced her friend who got married stayed in chennai. That will my next story to U.
