


                  

Nerve Endings - 13
by DeeDee18 (deedeeo18@hotmail.com)

***

Another boring day by the pool until Mom comes out to 
put the lotion on. (F/ff-teens, ped, inc, exh)

***

Angie and I got more brazen, since we had seduced the 
kids next door. We started leaving the light on in my 
room at night, in hopes that Jennifer, or her brother, 
or even her mother, would watch us, as we tore into 
each other on the bed. 

It turned us on, just knowing at any moment, night or 
day; they could be ogling our naked little bodies. It 
made our love sessions so hot! 

We would wake up in the morning, wrapped in each others 
arms, with the sun shining on our naked bodies, so we 
were bathed in bright light, and we would eat each 
other out, and fuck like bunnies, knowing we were also 
probably giving the neighbors orgasms too.

It was the wildest time we could remember! Even better 
than the nude beach, or fucking in the car.

"God, Jan, I'm so wet all day long from showing off!"

"Me, too! I don't know what we're going to do when 
school starts again. We won't be able to have the 
energy to make good grades."

"NOT! You know we'll always have enough drive to fuck 
each others' brains out and still do well."

"Yeah, I guess you're right! Isn't this fun?" I 
giggled, as I rolled over on top, and shoved my cunt 
against Angie's big clit.

She shuddered, and pushed her hips back at mine, as we 
ground back and forth. Soon we were panting and 
moaning. Angie shoved me off, and turned around, and 
straddled my face, as she spread my legs wide, and dove 
her long, fat tongue into my cunt, as we feverishly 
rocked all over the bed.

 She sucked on my clit, and licked me into a frenzy, 
until I shrieked into her cunt, and jerked my hips 
against her face. I went wild, completely out of 
control, as I grabbed her cute little round cheeks 
hard, and pulled her sweet smelling cunt hard against 
my wide open mouth. 

We jerked, and bucked, and gasped, as the orgasms 
spread through our naked, sweaty little bodies. Her 
juice sprayed my face, and I licked harder, as she 
twitched, and jammed her cunt down on me.

She was sucking me, and fucking that wonderful tongue 
in and out, as orgasm after orgasm wracked my breasts and 
cunt.

This went on for an eternity, until neither of us could 
move. We just lay there, cunt in mouth, sucking and 
panting. 

Angie finally rolled off me, and turned around, and 
planted her cum drenched puffy lips on mine, as I 
greedily sucked on her tongue. She fucked my face, as 
our combined juices flowed out the side of our mouths, 
until our faces were slick with cum. Then we each 
licked the other clean, as we cuddled, and nuzzled, and 
whispered I love you to each other, over and over.

*** 

"What shall we do today?" Angie finally asked, as she 
stretched, and arched her back, so her hard little 
nipples stood up in the air. 

"I don't know, but if you don't stop that I'm going to 
get all horny again!"

She reached over and grabbed my nipple, and pulled, as 
she giggled, and kissed my ear.

"You little horn dog. Why can't I keep my hands off 
you?"

"For the same reason I can't." I replied, as I yanked 
on one of her stiff little towers, "We are two little 
nymphomaniacs, who are totally sex crazy when it comes 
to each other." 

Angie giggled, and we both dragged our sweat soaked 
bodies into the bathroom to shower.

*** 

After our shower we stood side by side in front of the 
mirror naked, and looked each other over. We both 
grinned, as we locked eyes, knowing we were both 
knockouts. "Yessss," we both echoed, as we turned to see 
our backsides.

"Boy, are we conceited, or what?" I said.

"With good reason, wouldn't you agree?" Angie chuckled. 
Then we laughed as we brushed our hair. I put up my 
pony tail, and she clipped a little emerald flower in 
her sleek black pixie hairdo. We pulled on matching 
sundresses, and headed down for breakfast.

We teased mom and Dad for a while, until they were 
breathing hard, then we went into the garage, and 
jumped on our bikes. I hit the garage opener and we 
sailed out into the street.

We rode around the neighborhood enjoying the cool 
breeze up our dresses, and the thrills running through 
our cunts, as our naked clits rubbed the soft plastic 
seats. Angie looked over at me and mouthed 'O' as she 
shuddered and came. I shivered as I did, too.

We stopped by the park to recover, and saw Jennifer and 
Carl playing on the swings. They spotted us and came 
running over. We hugged them and they kissed us. We all 
sat on the park bench as we talked about their visit 
the other day, and how much fun it was. 

Carl got all red, and we told him not to be 
embarrassed, that we thought he was a real stud. He 
asked what that meant, and we explained that he was a 
real sexy man. He grinned, and puffed his chest out, 
and did the 'Hulk' thing.

We all laughed and giggled. They left to go home, and 
we jumped back on our bikes and rode around some more. 
By now the day was really heating up, since it was the 
middle of July, and we were sweaty and hot.

"Let's head back and take a dip, okay?"

"Yeah, I'm really getting sweaty!"

We rode into the garage, and stowed our bikes, and 
skipped into the house. Mom was on the screen porch 
puttering with her plants, and Dad was gone to work. We 
talked to mom for a while, then got a drink, and looked 
out at the cool pool as I asked mom,

"Hey, mom, Dad is gone. Can Angie and I skinny dip 
today?"

"Well, honey, I don't know if the neighbors are home 
today or not. We don't know if the kids' mom minds 
naked little girls running around in her back yard."

"Mom, her kids were out with us yesterday, naked, 
remember?"

"That's true, but we were babysitting her kids while 
she was gone. She may be home, and might look out the 
window, and be shocked."

Angie grinned at me, remembering our little show for 
the lady, the other day, while we were washing the car.

"Please, Mom?" I whined, in my best little girl 
pleading voice.

Mom sighed and said, "Oh, all right. But keep an eye 
out, and cover up if you see her watching, okay?" 

"Thanks, Mom! Let's go, Angie. Last one in is a rotten 
egg!"

We yanked off our sundresses, and dashed outside naked, 
and dove for the pool, hitting the water at the same 
time. We came up giggling, and splashing water on each 
other, and generally acting like the teenagers we are. 
We played around, pinching each other on the nipples 
and buns, until we got cold, then we climbed out and 
lay down on the hot deck.

The sun was shining on our dripping wet, little sexy 
bodies, and I saw Mom watching us from the porch. The 
heat felt good, and I moaned as my clit soaked up the 
heat. Angie was moaning softly, as I watched her moving 
her hips up and down, as she fucked the deck with her 
big clit.

Mom came out, still wearing her silk robe, and came 
over to put sun lotion on our backs. We laid our heads 
on our arms, as Mom spread the oil over us, both, at 
the same time with one hand doing me, and the other 
lovingly kneading her 'adopted' daughter.

As she ran her hands over our backs, we both moaned, as 
we became excited. Mom was running her hands down our 
legs, and up over our round little buns. Each time she 
passed my rear I felt a jolt run through me, and I 
gasped. Angie was responding in the same way. There was 
no way that Mom couldn't' have noticed.

I looked up at Mom, and saw that she was staring 
hungrily at both our butts, and licking her lips. 
Finally she got brave, and ran her hands down into our 
cracks, running her fingernail over our little puckered 
holes. 

My body reacted, as my hips bucked up against her 
probing finger, and I gasped loudly, as I twitched. 
Angie looked over at me with her eyes hooded, and 
licked her lips, as she, too, groaned with pleasure. 
Soon Mom said,

"Okay guys, time to roll over."

We slowly recovered enough to roll over onto our backs. 
I knew mom could see the moisture on my thighs, and 
Angie was dripping down her cunt onto the deck.

"Okay, you guys. Cool it, while I finish oiling your 
fronts!"

We giggled, as Mom dripped the oil, from high up, onto 
our breasts and stomachs. She moved up between us so our 
legs were alongside hers, and began rubbing the oil all 
over our hot little bodies.

I couldn't stay still for long, and started moving back 
and forth, as mom's fingers trailed over my horny body. 
As she reached our breasts, we both arched our backs, 
and stretched our arms over our heads.

Mom gasped, as she stared at our rigid nipples, 
standing up on our cute little tits.

"God, you two are gorgeous. What a pair! I mean what a 
couple of pairs, tee, hee."

We both giggled, as we tried to keep from gasping and 
jerking. Then Mom trailed her fingers around until she 
brushed both our nipples, and we yelped, as the tremors 
ran down to our cunts. Mom pulled our nipples gently, 
and rubbed the oil in, as she continued on down to our 
belly buttons. 

By now my nerve endings were on fire, as I moaned over 
and over. Angie's mouth was hanging open, and her puffy 
lips were shining with saliva. I opened my mouth wide, 
and sucked in air, as Mom ran up my thighs on the 
inside of my legs. She had both hands between our legs, 
and was inching higher, and higher, as we shuddered, 
and jerked, at her soft touch.

Then her fingers grazed my cunt lips and I orgasmed.

I quivered and shook, as the sensations pounded my 
cunt. Mom realized I was gone, so she dove two fingers 
up my opening, and started finger fucking me, as she 
pulled on Angie's big clit.

As we jerked up and down, Mom really sped up, and we 
were delirious, as we came, and came, and yelled, "Oh, 
God, oh, God, oh, unh, unh, unh, unh!" in unison.

Then we both arched up in the air, and threw our heads 
back and forth, and screamed like banshees, as we 
humped Mom's fingers harder and harder!

Mom had three fingers in each of us, and was rubbing 
our clits with her thumbs. The shock waves kept 
crashing, and crashing, through my straining body, and 
I reached over and gripped Angie's hand, and we clung 
tight to each others fingers, and came, again, and 
again!

As Mom wouldn't quit, we were close to passing out. I 
let loose of Angie's hand and slid mine down under Mom, 
and shoved it up her sopping cunt hole under her robe. 
She screamed herself, then, and shot juice all over my 
fist, as I fucked her.

As we shook from the orgasms, we all were locked in a 
straining jerking mass, until we finally plopped down 
on the deck, completely sated, with Mom spread over 
both Angie and myself.

*** 

Mom slowly staggered up, and helped us to our feet. She 
hugged us both, and we kissed her, and fondled her. 
Angie looked at me, and we both realized we had a new 
plaything. "Yesss!"

Of course that went two ways, as Mom was thinking to 
herself, "I can't believe my luck! Not only can I fuck 
my cute little daughter, but I get an added bonus of 
her hot little friend! Yessss!"

We all went up to the house naked, and dripping cum. We 
were too absorbed, in the fantastic feelings coursing 
through our bodies, to notice the curtain move in the 
upstairs window of our new neighbor's house. 

I wondered, as Angie and I lay on my bed, if it was 
possible that our screaming went unnoticed on the whole 
block. Angie looked at me, and read my mind, as she 
grinned, and said, "No way that they couldn't have 
heard. We were really loud!" We giggled some more, as 
we snuggled, and fell asleep naked in each others arms. 
And the curtain moved slightly again, in the little 
girl's room next door---.


In Part Fourteen, Mom's sister comes to town, and Mom 
makes us straighten up our act. Yeah, right!

