Viggo was nervous. What the hell had he been thinking? Getting on a plane to Denmark on the off chance that a girl he barely knew, who was or was not as close to Orlando as she said to be, actually knew how Orlando felt about him. Deciding to simply go and tell Orlando something he had not told him years ago, had kept to himself even when the reasons for not speaking up back then had become invalid - all because some slip of a girl, too thin and bony and young, claimed to know what was good for him. Claimed to know how Orlando felt.

What if she was wrong? What if Orlando was going to reject him, or worse, reject him and laugh at him? Viggo knew that he was being unreasonable and that the Orlando he had once known would not be so cruel as to laugh at anyone who professed to laugh him - not in their face, anyway - but the short nap he had so far had on the plane had featured an all too vivid dream of Orlando turning away from him in disgust and then turning back and laughing a cruel laugh right into Viggo's face. He had looked so cold and mocking in Viggo's dream that he now truly dreaded standing in front of Orlando with his confession, for fear of that scene being realized.

He had almost cried in his sleep, he was not sure he would be able to face such a scene a second time.

But then, he told himself, for what seemed like the thousandth time: what did he have to loose? Not much. What if Orlando laughed in his face? His heart might break, but, well, since he'd long since left it in someone else's care, would he even feel it do so?

Of course he would.

But then, that might be a good thing, too. Closure, even if of a terrible kind.

And what if Kate was right? What if Orlando loved him? He owed it to both of them to take that chance.

But what did Kate know?

Viggo sighed as the same old round of thoughts began to run through his head yet another time. He willed the plane to fly faster so he could get there sooner. Or before he went mad with the waiting, anyway. If he was going to do this he wanted to do it right now.

To have it over with.

To do it before his courage failed him after all.

+0+0+0+0+0+

Orlando lay in bed, reading a book and listening to the wind in the trees outside. It had picked up quite a bit in the time since he walked on the beach and he could hear the waves crash on the shore from his bedroom through the slightly open window. Nifty constructions, those arrestable windows, but he supposed you needed them this close to the beach and with the almost constant wind blowing here.

It was very late and he knew that he should be asleep, but his noontime nap had screwed up his sleeping rhythm and so he was not too tired yet. And the book he was reading was interesting. Reading in bed had always been one of his favorite ways of spending a quiet evening, and he fully enjoyed being able to do so now. Reading in bed until you fell asleep was definitely a good thing to be doing.

Not only was it fun to do, it also kept you from thinking about how lonely you were in your bed all alone, and about who you would like to have in it with you. Of how good it had felt to rest his head on Viggo's shoulder back when they had been reading in bed together, either reading the same book or different ones and then quoting interesting passages to one another.

Or Viggo reading to him from a Danish book. Bliss! He had not understood very much at all, but he had always loved the sound of Viggo’s voice, and never more than when he spoke the soft, mellifluous Danish of his ancestors. Orlando would have been happy to listen to him read in Danish for hours and hours. He sometimes had, or had fallen asleep to the soft vowels of the language coming from Viggo, to the feeling of the chest beside him moving with speaking and rumbling with the deep sounds.

Spanish was good, too, but more of a seductive language. Danish sounded like - home, Orlando decided. Danish sounded like home.

He had Danish radio on for a bit today, and alternated between keenly wanting to learn the language and barely being able to stand listening to it for missing the sound of Viggo speaking it so much.

But yes, in general, reading in bed was good. He only really needed to focus on his book some more, rather than letting his thoughts drift places he did not really want them to go and having to re-read the same paragraph over and over and over again.

Orlando suddenly yawned and turned over to switch off the light and put the book away. Maybe it was time to sleep, after all.

+0+0+0+0+0+

He awoke to the feeling of familiar hands caressing his face.

"Wake up, love. Wake up," an equally familiar voice was whispering softly into his ear.

Orlando did not want to open his eyes or give any indication that he was awake at all, for he knew that as soon as he awoke the dream would stop and he would find himself alone again, but the breath tickling his ear made his nose scrunch up and so he reluctantly opened one eye a slit and looked up.

The first hints of dawn had turned the sky a faint grey and it was giving enough light for him to take in the face above him. An achingly familiar and incredibly beloved face, slightly older than he remembered but essentially unchanged. Warm blue eyes smiled down at him and Orlando felt himself answering the smile.

"Viggo? What are you doing here?" he asked hesitantly, still unwilling to believe his eyes.

"I’m here because of all places on the world this is where I most want to be, Orlando," the vision replied and Viggo gently caressed his face again.

"In a holiday home in Denmark?" Orlando asked bewildered, then realized how stupid that had probably sounded. His brain clearly was not quite awake yet.

The vision laughed. "No, by your side, silly. Whether that be in a holiday home in Denmark, a tent in the desert or an igloo in Greenland matters little to me. I simply want to be where you are."

Dream-Viggo leaned down and gently kissed Orlando on the forehead. "I simply want to be with you."

Orlando felt tears gather in his eyes. This was definitely becoming one of the best dreams he had had of Viggo, ever. He only hoped that he would not wake up anytime soon. Wake up soon - or ever, really.

He was reluctant to admit to his weakness and his tears, but then reminded himself that this had to be a dream, and no-one really much cared what happened in a dream, and since this was his very own dream then he could very well cry if he wanted to cry.

So he did. And felt himself gathered up in warm and familiar arms. "Shh, baby, don't cry. I am here now. Everything will be good. You'll see. I’m here and I’m not going anywhere. Not unless you want me to go."

Orlando maneuvered one hand out of the blankets and around Viggo's arms to brush his tears away.

"Sorry for crying. It's just - you're just - you are so perfect, you are so much what I want, what I have always seemed to want. You with me. And yet I know that you are not really here. You're only a dream. And soon I will wake up and you will be gone. And I will be alone - again."

"Alone again? Oh no, Orlando, if it is within my power then you will never be alone again. I love you. I won't go."

Orlando smiled weakly, knowing it was stupid to fight with dream-Viggo. And yet he could not help it. This was all too familiar. "Yes, so you keep saying. Almost every night. But you never stay."

Viggo looked helpless at that. "I do? You dream of me?"

Orlando snorted. "Always. All the time. Sometimes when I am asleep. I miss you so much. Every single fucking day."

Viggo cradled him close at that, pressing Orlando's head against his chest and softly rocking them both. "Oh baby, I am sorry. I've been such a fool."

Orlando relaxed against his broad chest, simply enjoying the feeling of being held close for a while. But then he steeled himself. No matter how tempting it was, giving in to dreams was no good. He'd learned that the hard way. They made being awake so much worse. It was better not to give in to the temptation, as far as that was possible in a dream. It varied. Some dreams he had no control over at all in, some he could influence. This one thankfully seemed to be one of the latter ones. So, after another moment of being torn in two by the pain of being held in so familiar and yet so insubstantial arms, be drew away.

"Go, Viggo, please."

Dream-Viggo looked at him confused. "What? Orlando, I ... I don't understand ... . I thought?"

"It's too late for us, Viggo. It has been for a long time. I want you to go and leave me alone. I'm sorry. Please go?"

Viggo looked at him, clearly taken aback and clearly hurt.

What a realistic dream - Orlando was almost tempted to take his words back. But no. He'd wake up alone anyway, better to do it of his own volition.

"Do you really mean that?" Viggo asked in a small voice.

"Yes, I really mean that. Please go now."

"All right, Orlando. I'll go. But, please, remember that I love you. I will always love you."

Dream-Viggo backed away from the bed and seemed to be fighting tears. "Goodbye, Orlando." With bowed head the vision slipped from the room and the door creaked as is closed.

Orlando lay back on the bed and closed his eyes, rubbing tears from his eyes and hoping that the dream would end soon and he would not remember it in the morning.

+0+0+0+0+0+

Viggo sat on the beach and watched the waves break on the shoreline. It was early morning and the beach quiet, the sea lying calm and tranquil - one could almost think it was a blanket. He'd left his things in the rental car and just come here to gather his thoughts and enjoy nature waking up. Seagulls were circling overhead and out on the ocean he could see a fishing ship return from its dawn fishing trip. He deeply inhaled the cold morning air, enjoyed the faint tang of salt it carried and tried to marshal his thoughts.

Maybe he should go for a swim. The sea looked very appealing and it might help him order his thoughts and decide what to do now.

+0+0+0+0+0+

Orlando got up, restless. He had not slept well at all. And he remembered every second of the all too realistic dream. Sending Viggo away in his dreams hurt like hell every single time, but this one had seemed especially bad. He hated, hated doing it but he knew that letting him stay and then dreaming of falling asleep in his arms only to wake up alone hurt a lot worse.

For days, sometimes. For days and days.

He irritably dropped his boxers and climbed into his jeans and a scruffy shirt he hastily buttoned closed. A brisk walk along the beach, that's what he needed. Dawn was just on the horizon. Maybe the cold air would blow all these thoughts out of his head.

Grabbing the keys for the door and slipping into his trainers, he headed out of the house, to the beach.