The Offer
By JYM (xyz@abc.com)

***

PART 1

The offer was as simple as it was shocking. And very 
tempting. I was out working in the yard one hot July 
afternoon when one of my neighbors dropped by. I'll 
call her Hanna to protect the guilty. Hanna is a 
wealthy woman in her early forties. She made her money 
in the shoe business and sold out two years ago to a 
foreign competitor for enough to live comfortably for a 
dozen lifetimes. 

I've often wondered why she stayed in our neighborhood 
of relatively modest homes. Hanna is an attractive, fit 
woman with dark hair and olive skin. She's not tall, 
maybe 5'6", and she's very fit. Attractive without 
being flashy. She has a nice figure and long, sleek 
legs. My husband thinks she's sexy - for an 'older' 
woman.

I was kind of surprised to see her come through the 
gate into my back yard. We've know each other for a few 
years but haven't been really close. We chat once in a 
while when we see each other outside, but that's about it. 

I was working in the garden when I heard the gate open 
and I was a little concerned until I saw Hanna. I stood 
up and wiped my hands on the legs of my shorts. Hanna 
smiled and said, "Hello Jill, how are you today?" 

I returned her smile. "Hello Hanna. I'm fine, how are 
you? Won't you sit and talk for a few minutes?" I 
gestured at the patio chairs and we each took a seat. 
We chatted for a while before Hanna made the offer.

It's no secret in the neighborhood that things haven't 
been going well for us. Jim's business has been 
struggling for a couple of years, but he's on the verge 
of turning it around. He only needs a few months, six 
or eight, to be secure again. Just a few months more 
without pressure and we'll be okay. I guess Hanna knew 
that and decided to take advantage. Before I reveal her 
offer I should tell you a little about myself. 

My name is Jill Ashton, I'm thirty-one years old, and 
have been married for 9 years. We have two children, 
eight-year-old twins who were away at summer camp at 
the time. I'm a tall, athletic blonde with a good 
figure (34c-26-35) and long, very nice legs. I'm not 
beautiful, at least I don't think of myself as a 
beauty, but I am attractive. My legs are my best 
feature - long and sleek, nicely curve with firm thighs 
and delicately sculpted knees. I'm not a prude, but I 
have always been a little conservative. But I do like 
to show off my legs.

Anyway, Hanna's offer took me by surprise. She said she 
was having a group of friends over the following 
afternoon for a garden party. Hanna's backyard is 
fenced and well-planted with shrubbery and is totally 
private - a good place for to have a party in the 
summer. She asked me if I would be willing to tend bar. 
She had already hired a college girl to be the 
waitress/barmaid. 

Before I could say a word she continued on. "And I'll 
pay you $1000. How about it?"

I was stunned. $1000 for a few hours work? Even in our 
neighborhood that was very good money indeed! I told 
her I'd think about it. I tried to act cool, but $500 
would be a big help to us. Hanna said, "Fine, call me 
and let me know. By 5 p.m. today please. Oh, by the 
way, you'll have to work nude."

I'd turned to look out into the garden and it was good 
that I had because it kept her from seeing the look of 
shock on my face. I turned back and said, "Oh, I don't 
think..." 

She cut me off. "$2,000. Take it or leave it." 

Her offer took my breath away. How could I turn down 
two thousand dollars? It would mean so much. I wouldn't 
be able to tell Jim, but I could feed the money into 
the household budget over a few weeks. I glanced at the 
garden once more, then back at Hanna. "Ok," I said in a 
whisper. "I'll do it."

Hanna smiled, "Fine, but first I want to see what my 
guests will see." She leaned back with an expectant 
look on her face. "So you can serve me a drink after 
you've taken your clothes off, right now. Sort of a 
tryout."

I got up and walked over to the edge of the patio. It 
was decision time. I knew from the look in Hanna's eyes 
that there was more to her offer than just bartending 
nude. And, shockingly, I found myself becoming excited. 

I turned back and faced Hanna, staring at the fence 
behind her as I peeled my t-shirt off over my head. 
Then I unsnapped my shorts and eased them down over my 
hips. As they fell around my ankles I bent and untied 
my work boots. I eased my work boots off, then took my 
shorts and dropped them on top of the low stone wall 
surrounding the patio. 

I straightened up and faced Hanna wearing my plain 
cotton underwear and my socks. She smiled and said, 
"Leave the socks on. You'll be sexier than if you were 
totally nude." 

I nodded as I reached back to unhook my bra. My breasts 
fell free and I blushed as I tossed my bra on top of my 
shorts. My breasts are firm with no trace of sag. 
They're not really big (c-cup), but they are pretty and 
my small, dark nipples are very sensitive. 

Hanna chuckled when I blushed, causing me to blush even 
more. Then I took a deep breath and hooked my thumbs 
into the waistband of my panties. One quick move and 
then were down around my ankles. I stepped out of them 
and glanced at Hanna. "What would you like to drink, 
ma'am?" I tried to sound like a barmaid. Polite, but 
impersonal. 

Hanna grinned and said, "Gin and Tonic."

I went inside and mixed her drink. Then I put it on a 
small black tray with a napkin and carried it out to 
her. I set the napkin on the table, placed the glass on 
it, and said, "Here you are ma'am. Will there be 
anything else?" 

Hanna smiled and shook her head. "No, you've done very 
well." 

I thanked her and started to turn away, intending to 
put my clothes back on, but she touched my hip with the 
tips of her fingers and said, "Wait. Don't rush away." 

I stood there and waited while she tasted her drink. 
Her hand still resting lightly on my hip. Her touch was 
strangely... not unwelcome. She nodded her approval and 
set the glass down. Then she looked up at me. "Jill, 
how long has it been since Jim has fucked you?" 

I stared at the fence and whispered, "Six weeks." I 
don't know why, but it never occurred to me not to 
answer. I wasn't Jill the devoted wife and mother 
anymore. I was away in a different fantasy world. A 
world where I was Jill the nude barmaid standing in 
front of a rich bitch on display.

Hanna pushed her chair back from the patio table and 
then told me to turn and face the table. I did as she 
asked and she told me to put my hands flat on the table 
and spread my feet a comfortable distance apart. Again, 
I did as she asked. She had me move to my left until my 
leg bumped against hers. She had me slide my hands 
toward the center of the table, causing me to bend 
forward from the waist. 

Then I felt her hand slip between my legs. I closed my 
eyes and moaned as she explored my sex with a delicate 
touch. I was quickly wet. As she explored me I told 
myself that six weeks is a long time without sex and I 
was weak and needed it, anything to justify submitting 
without protest. I leaned over farther and turned my 
head to one side, resting it on my right forearm. The 
hot surface felt good on my bare breasts. 

Hanna expertly masturbated me to a long, wonderful 
orgasm. I lay there, moaning, until it was over. As I 
started to move she put her hand on my back and said, 
"Wait. Do you know what the bowling ball grip is?"

I shook my head. 

She chuckled. Then she plunged her forefingers deep 
into my vagina. At the same time, I felt her thumb 
press against my anus. I gasped and whispered, "No! 
Please!" But she kept her hand on my back and pushed 
her thumb into my ass. I could feel her thumb and 
fingers rubbing together, separated only by a thin 
membrane of flesh. Then she lifted upward, raising my 
feet right off the ground! God, it was erotic. 

I moaned and whimpered as she swung me from side-to-
side a little. Then she let me down and withdrew her 
fingers from my vagina. I glanced back over my shoulder 
and she smiled. "Admit it, you like having my thumb in 
you butt." I blushed and nodded. "Say it," she 
demanded. 

"I like having your thumb in my butt." 

She nodded. "That's better."

She eased her thumb out of my ass and wiped her hand on 
the napkin. Then she picked up her drink and moved over 
to sit on the wall. I straightened up and walked over 
to my clothes. Hanna called my name as I picked up my 
panties. 

"Jill, don't dress. Just put your work boots on and go 
back to what you were doing. You will need sunscreen." 

I hesitated, then nodded. I went in and got a bottle of 
SPF15 and put it on all over. Hanna did my back for me. 
Then I put my work boots on and went back to weeding 
the garden. I found it extremely erotic to work nude 
with Hanna watching. It was only 1:00 o'clock. It would 
be hours before Jim would be home. 

A few minutes later Hanna called my name and held up 
her glass. I walked up to the patio, conscious every 
step of the way of how I must look - nude, gleaming 
with sweat and suntan lotion, my breasts bouncing 
gently. Hanna's smile reflected her enjoyment. I took 
her glass and went inside to fix her another drink. 
This time, when I served it, she ran the tips of her 
fingers over my long, silky pubic hair and asked me if 
I had ever been shaved. 

I shook my head, "No, never." I turned and walked back 
to the garden. A few minutes later I heard Hanna's 
chair scrape on the flagstones as she pushed it back 
from the table. She walked down to the garden and 
watched me weed for a couple of minutes. Then she 
picked up the small garden spade that I'd left lying on 
the grass. I glanced up as she approached. She crouched 
in front of me and told me to spread my knees as far 
apart as I could and then clasp my hands behind my neck 
and keep them there.

I obeyed. And watched as she slipped the shovel between 
my legs and eased the handle into my cunt. I took a 
deep breath and moaned with pleasure as she fucked me 
with the handle - deep and hard. The smooth lacquered 
handle slid in and out easily. I moaned and whimpered, 
it was so embarrassing and so wonderful, "Oh god, yes! 
Fuck me! Fuck me hard!"

Hanna smiled. "Beg." 

I stared at her and begged. "Please, fuck me hard. Fuck 
me deep! Please, Hanna! Oh, please, FUCK MEEE!!" As I 
started to cum she shoved the handle in deep and let 
go. 

Then she grabbed my nipples and squeezed them hard. It 
hurt like hell, but triggered the most fantastic orgasm 
of my entire life! When it was over I was on my knees 
in the dirt, the shovel handle deep in my wet cunt. I 
looked up at Hanna. 

She reached out and ruffled my hair. "I'm ready for 
another drink. Next time in the ass?" A long pause. 
"Slave." I glanced up at her again, startled. She held 
her hand out in front of me. I kissed it. 

"Yes," I whispered, "In the ass next time... Mistress."

I worked nude the rest of the afternoon. Hanna had me 
roll in the rich dark earth while I was all hot and 
sweaty. Dirt streaked my flanks and belly, my tits and 
my ass, when I went to my knees and spread myself so 
she could ass-fuck me with the shovel handle. By the 
time the afternoon was over I was a dirty, sweaty, 
well-fucked nude slave. And happier then I had been in 
years. 

Before she left she told me that the college girl was a 
cute redhead, a dominant, aggressive dyke and I'd have 
to amuse her guests by satisfying the girl with my 
tongue. I shivered with anticipation. Before she left, 
I crawled to Hanna on my belly and licked her shoes in 
submission.



PART 2

The next morning, shortly after Jim left for the 
office, I got a call from Hanna. She told me that she 
was sending someone over to help me get ready for the 
party. She asked me what I was wearing and I told her 
that I had on a robe and a pair of cotton panties. She 
told me to strip and stay nude unless I got permission 
to dress. 

I slipped the robe off and pushed my panties down over 
my hips. Hanna told me that the girl would be there by 
8:30 and I was to obey her as if it was Hanna herself. 

"Yes, ma'am, I understand." I shivered as I listened to 
her instructions. It was so exciting. She told me that 
if I worked in the garden I was allowed to wear socks, 
work boots, and a hat. And a heavy coating of sunscreen 
- SPF 15 at least.

Precisely at 8:30 the doorbell rang. I glanced out the 
window and saw a young woman with brown hair standing 
on the porch. She was about medium height, a little on 
the stocky side, wearing a t-shirt, nylon shorts, and 
jogging shoes. She was carrying a canvas sports bag. 

I opened the door and let her in. She didn't seem a bit 
surprised to see that I was nude, but she smiled and 
looked me over, "Hi, my name is Jenna, Hanna sent me 
over to give you a waxing. Where can we do it?"

I hesitated and she asked to see the kitchen. I took 
her down the hall to the kitchen and she looked around. 
"That table is big enough. We'll do it here. I can heat 
the wax in your microwave. Why don't you stretch out on 
the table and we'll get started." She set her bag down 
on the floor and crouched beside it. I sat down on the 
edge of the table and then eased myself over into the 
center. Then I stretched out on my back and stared at 
the ceiling. 

When Jenna stood up she had a glass pot filled with wax 
in her hand. She put it in the microwave and set it for 
5 minutes on high. Then she dipped into her bag again 
and came up with a handful of leather straps. She had 
me plant my feet flat on the table and then she ran a 
strap around each leg below the knee, securing them in 
position so that I couldn't straighten them. The she 
ran a length of rope from one ankle under the table and 
tied it to my other ankle. Another rope went around the 
table at my waist. Then my wrists were tied to each leg 
of the table. 

I was helpless. And very excited.

Jenna stroked my belly and told me that she wouldn't 
hurt me if she could help it. I hesitated and then 
whispered, "It's okay if you hurt me a little." 

Jenna smiled. Then she fondled my tits until my nipples 
were hard as little pebbles.

"Please," I whispered, "Would you mind taking your 
clothes off? I'd love to see your body." 

Jenna smiled again and disrobed. She had a hard, 
athletic body, a little stocky, but very sexy. Her 
pubic mound was smooth and bare. Her breasts were round 
and firm, tipped with big dark nipples. Her stomach was 
flat and firm. Hips a little broad, but not too broad. 
Tight smooth buttocks. Strong thighs. She checked the 
wax and put it on for another five minutes. Meanwhile, 
she laid out strips of cheesecloth. Each strip 2" wide 
and about 6" long.

While the wax heated, she took a pair of scissors and 
trimmed my pubic hair. Then she spread my cunt lips and 
slipped two fingers into me. I raised my hips to meet 
her and she grinned. "Do you want and orgasm?" 

I nodded. "Yes please, masturbate me." 

She did, and very skillfully.

I sobbed with pleasure as I felt my orgasm build. Jenna 
chuckled. "God, you're a hot little bitch. You'll make 
a fantastic slave!" Then she picked up a pair of hot 
pads and retrieved the pot of hot wax from the 
microwave. Working quickly, she placed a strip of 
cheesecloth across my pubic mound and spooned warm wax 
onto it. She laid down three strips in quick succession 
and then put the pot back in the microwave. As soon as 
the wax was dry she grabbed the end of the first strip 
and ripped it off. 

I bit my lip to keep from screaming as my pubic hair 
was ripped out. The second and third strips followed, 
leaving me whimpering in pain, tears streaming down my 
face. She repeated the process until I was smooth and 
bare, not a trace of hair anywhere down there. Then she 
rubbed a fragrant body lotion over my mound to sooth 
the skin.

After she released me, she had me get onto my hands and 
knees on the table. She stroked my breasts and belly 
with one hand and my back and buttocks with the other. 
After a while I was really turned on. I loved the 
position - my tits hanging - my sex totally exposed. 

I turned my head and looked up at her. "Please..." I 
whispered. 

She smiled. "Hot are we? Beg for it. Tell me what you 
are and beg."

I stared at her and begged. "Please, please masturbate 
me again. Oh god! Please! I'm a slut. I'm your slut. 
Your nude slave slut. Please, make me cum! Please, I'll 
do anything you ask." I wiggled my ass and pressed back 
against her hand which was lightly cupping my sex. 

"Anything? Really?" 

I nodded, "Yes, anything!"

She smiled down at me and began to rub my clit lightly 
with the tip of one finger. I moaned and pushed myself 
against her hand. She brought me to orgasm quickly and 
skillfully and I yelped and whimpered as I came, 
turning my head to lick her left hand which was resting 
on my shoulder. She smiled and told me that I was a 
good little slut. I continued to lick her hand and she 
seemed to enjoy it. Then she brought her right, soaked 
with my juices, around I licked it clean, enjoying the 
taste of my own cunt.

After a few minutes she said, "Enough, now it's my turn." 

I knelt up straight and asked her what she wanted me to 
do. She got a far-away look in her eye and whispered, 
"Pain, I want pain." Then she snapped back, eyes 
focused, and asked me if I was going to work in my garden. 

I nodded, "Yes, I thought I'd spend a couple of hours 
weeding and thinning some things out. Why?" 

She told me to get ready and she'd meet me in back. She 
dressed quickly and disappeared out the back door. I 
put sunscreen on everyplace I could reach. Then socks 
and my work boots and a baseball cap. When I went out 
into the back yard she was waiting for me. She'd 
brought in a t-shaped arrangement made of 1" galvanized 
pipe. The upright section was 10' long and consisted of 
two pieces, one sharpened on the end. The other 
threaded into a fitting on the top. The crossbar, 
really two pieces, fit into a t-fitting on the top of 
the upper section. Each crosspiece was 3.5' long. 

She drove the first section of the upright into the 
ground with a 3lb hammer, putting a small length of 2x4 
on top of the pipe to hammer on. Then she threaded the 
crosspieces into the upper section and tightened them 
with a small pipe wrench. Finally, she threaded the top 
part into the lower section. Then she took two plastic 
tent stakes and drove them into the ground about 6' out 
from the upright on either side.

She had two folding stepstools. She explained that she 
would stand on one and I on the other. Then I would 
strap her wrists to the crossbar. When that was done, I 
would put leather restraints on each of her ankles and 
tie a long piece of rope to each. Then I would pull the 
stool out and let her hang by her wrists. Then I would 
take the ropes tied to the ankle restraints and tie 
them to the tent stakes, making sure that she was 
spread as wide as possible. 

"And then you put these in me and these on me." She 
held up two enormous dildos and a selection of weighted 
clamps. "For my nipples and labia and one for my clit." 
The last item was a penis gag that would muffle her 
screams. "Let me hang for at least an hour. The wrist 
restraints won't cut off my circulation, so it will be safe."

I was quite excited as I strapped her wrists into the 
leather restraints. Then I put the restraints on her 
ankles and tied the ropes to them. I hung the clamps on 
her nipples, enjoying her grunt of pain as I tugged 
each one to be sure it was tight. Then another grunt of 
pain as I pulled the stool away. I quickly grabbed one 
rope and pulled it as tight as I could before tying it 
off. The second one was done just as quickly. I looked 
at her and enjoyed the way she was spread and helpless. 
She was staring at the fence with a vacant expression 
on her face. 

I put the dildos into her, enjoying the way she 
squirmed and grunted as I drove them in tight with the 
heel of my hand. Then the weights on her labia and 
clit. She was moaning in pain now, but I felt it needed 
something else. I went inside and got a box of straight 
pins out of my sewing kit. Her eyes widened and she 
shook her head, grunting and screaming into the gag. 

I ignored her and drove a pin through the aureole of 
each nipple, on the top side. She screamed and tears 
streamed down her face. I put pins through both labia. 
And then one through her clit. She was sobbing and 
screaming, and a trickle of urine was running down her 
thighs as I walked away to do my gardening.

I let her hang for the full hour she'd requested. When 
I went back to release her she was moaning and 
twitching. I took the gag out first, standing on the 
stepstool to be close to her. I asked her if she'd had 
enough. 

She nodded vigorously, "Please let me down. Oh shit! 
Please." 

I got down and positioned the stool for her. Then I 
untied the ropes from the tent stakes and positioned 
her feet on the stool. I removed the ankle restraints 
and then climbed up on the other stool and released her 
wrists. 

I helped her down and she sank to her knees in the 
grass, moaning with pain. I removed the dildos, then 
the clamps, and finally the pins. She looked up and 
whispered, "Thank you for that delicious pain." 

She stayed there for a few minutes until she recovered. 
Then she got dressed, packed up, and left. It was time 
for me to shower and prepare for my stint as a nude 
bartender...
 
To be continued?

