Our Last Slumber Party

   It started simply enough.  I had convinced my parents to let me have one
last slumber party before my friends and I headed off to college.  The
guests were just a few close friends, Crystal, Jen, Emily, Katie, and then
there was me, I'm Karrie.  It started off great with talk of silly things
we did during high school and the occasional embarrassing moment.  It
wasn't long before our slumber party had digressed to a silly game, a mix
of truth or dare and spin the bottle.  The game was simple; a democratic
vote on a dare followed by a spin of the bottle to see who had to carry it
out.  We affectionately called it bottle dare.

   Our game started innocently.  The dare was originally intended for us to
share deep held secrets about ourselves.  It wasn't long before it started
becoming physical.  Some of the dares given involved two spins, to decide
the girls involved.  My friend Crystal ended up kissing Jen, passionately.
Then I had to suck on Emily's boob.  Katie licked Jen's pussy, Crystal had
to masturbate to orgasm in view of all of us, Jen had to get a spanking
from all of us, Emily licked up Crystal's orgasm juice after she was done,
and Jen and Katie scissored each other.  Yes, our game had gone from
sharing embarrassing moments to creating more.

   It soon started to involve more than us girls.  Crystal suggested that
one of us had to go flash my brother, Kevin.  We all knew that Crystal had
the hots for Kevin although she would never admit it.  Her incessant
flirting gave us all the information we needed.  Fortunately for her Kevin
was home from college for the summer.  Of course I disagreed with the dare.
I didn't want to end up being the one to show off my stuff to my brother.
But despite my dissent the vote went out and the dare was agreed upon.  The
bottle was spun, every time the bottle neck passed me I sighed with relief.
When the bottle finally stopped, pointing towards Emily, I figured I had
dodged a bullet.  She dutifully went to Kevin's room, with all of us
watching from the hallway.  Her shirt came up, her tits came out, and
Kevin's jaw hit the floor.  She smiled and scurried back to my room.

   I imagine that Kevin figured he had won the jackpot.  A random flashing
of breasts for his masturbation fantasies.  I also figured that would be
the end of Kevin's involvement in our degrading game.  But how wrong I was!
Fueled by her adrenaline rush, Emily suggested the next dare, one of us had
to kiss him.  The bottle spun up and again I was relieved to see it land on
anyone besides myself.  This time it was Jen's turn.  She quickly bounded
down the hallway, knocked on his door, and offered up a kiss.  Of course he
complied with her request.

   Upon Jen's return she suggested another dare involving Kevin.  I could
see where this was going and it was only a matter of chance before I
finally got hit with doing something with my brother.  Before I could voice
my opposition Jen informed us of the next dare, one of us has to invite him
into the room to make playing the game with him easier.  Katie quickly spun
the bottle and it finally stopped, on me.  For being a dare including my
brother it wasn't that bad of a dare to fulfill, all things considered.  So
I made my way to Kevin's room.

   "What the hell are you doing in there," he asked.

   "Its a dare game.  Sort of like truth or dare but we spin a bottle to
see who has to do it, and apparently without much truth happening," I
informed him.

   "So what does this have to do with me?"

   "The other girls suggested you might want to join us in my room to make
this a little easier to include you."

   "Wow," Kevin seemed nearly speechless.

   "You don't have to if you don't want," I said.

   "Oh, I'm definitely coming in there.  But what if we have to do
something?"

   "Let's just hope that doesn't happen.  And if it does we'll just have to
close our eyes and pretend we are with someone else."

   Kevin just smiled at me, "As long as you are alright with this."

   "Well I don't want to make my party be lame, so I guess."

   Kevin joined us in my room.  Throughout our few dares with him we had
all gotten dressed in order to observe their completion.  So it was as if
we were starting over again but with new blood in the mix.

   Crystal looked intensely at Kevin, "Why don't we let Kevin suggest the
dares from now on?" The look in her eye gave us the impression that she was
looking for some intense action from him.  The rest of the girls thought
that was a great idea and none of them seemed to notice that I was now in
an awkward position with my brother, sexual dares being offered up which
needed to be fulfilled.

   The first dare wasn't too bad.  It didn't involve any physical touching
with Kevin.  One of us had to get naked and stay that way for the rest of
the game.  We took our spots around the bottle and spun it up.  Just my
luck it landed on me.  Now twice in a row.  My friends looked at me as I
stood up.  I could feel Kevin's gaze as I began to remove my clothes. 
Katie cheered me on as she could see I was feeling timid.  So I did it
quickly, like jumping into a pool of cold water or ripping off a band-aid.
I sat down trying to cover myself as best I could.

   "What are you doing," Jen asked.

   "Yeah," Crystal joined in.  "Turn around and let Kevin get a look of how
hot you are."

   I complied with their requests and turned to face Kevin.  I could see
and feel his eyes moving up and down my naked body.  I kept my legs crossed
and my hands over my lap.

   "Oh come on," exclaimed Jen.  "Show him your cooch!"

   I apprehensively moved my hands and leaned back.  I spread my legs for
him to see, reaching down with one hand to slightly spread open my lips for
his viewing pleasure.  I was a bit ashamed for him to see my pussy was
rather wet from this game of play.  The intense moment was stopped with
Katie suggesting that Kevin give us another dare.

   So the game moved on, suggestions from Kevin nearly identical to what we
had done before.  Katie masturbated for him, I kissed Crystal, Emily and
Jen made out, Katie licked my pussy, and Crystal was felt up by Kevin.  Oh
you should have seen Crystal's face when she was chosen to be groped by
him. And we could all tell she loved every minute of it.

   It was after Kevin was exploring Crystal's body she suggested that one
of us should fuck him.  It was the inevitable dare.  I knew it would lead
up to this.  I figured it would be really hot to watch my brother get it on
with one of my friends but I prayed that I would be excluded from this
dare. I shyly stood away from the bottle assuming they would ignore my self
non-admission.  Crystal, Jen, and Emily looked at me as if I were to assume
my spot among the circle around our bottle.  I could see Katie didn't want
me to join in on this one but kept her opinion to herself.  I gave into
peer pressure and joined in.  The bottle spun for what seemed an eternity.
As fate would have it the bottle chose me to be penetrated by Kevin.

   "This is going to be hot," Jen stated emphatically.

   "Stop," Katie finally spoke.  "We can't make her have incest sex with
her own brother."

   "No we can't make her do it," Crystal said.  "But this is a dare and if
she doesn't fuck him then she will be eternally our slave.  But if she
does, she will be the undisputed champion."

   Emily joined in with a suggestion of her own, "Karrie, if you do it with
your brother then I've got a hundred dollar bill in my purse with your name
on it."

   I looked at Emily, "Show me first."

   Emily went for her purse and pulled out a nice crisp bill with Benjamin
Franklin staring at me.  Jen, Katie, and Crystal all jumped up and went for
their purses as well.

   "I've got sixty bucks to contribute," Jen said.

   "I've got a fifty," Katie said.

   "I've got seventy five dollars," said Crystal.  "And a condom too."

   I looked at all four of them.  "So if I do this I'll get close to three
hundred bucks."

   "Yes," they all seemed to apply in unison.

   "And you really want to watch me fuck my own brother?"

   "It would be so fucking hot," Jen replied.  Emily and Crystal were also
exited by the thought and Katie just shrugged her shoulders.

   I looked over at Kevin, "It's up to you."

   I sighed deeply and agreed.  The girls all jumped with excitement.  "Can
I put the condom on," Crystal asked.

   "Go ahead," I told her.

   Crystal moved towards my brother with the other girls in tow.  Together
they all stripped his body of clothing and planted sensual kisses all
around.  Crystal moved down to his cock and took her sweet time putting the
condom on.  She was able to get in a little jerking and a bit of mouth
action before the others pulled her away.

   My friends moved aside making room for me.  I lay down on my bed turning
my head to one side and closing my eyes.  My brother made his way on top of
me and was ready to penetrate my pussy when we were interrupted.

   "Not like that," Jen said.  "Open your eyes and look at him.  Share your
souls as you fuck." I couldn't believe this was happening.  My brother was
mere centimeters from having his way with me while my best friends watched.

   I opened my eyes and stared deeply into my brother's eyes.  He kissed me
softly as he pushed his cock into my soaking wet pussy.  He started pumping
me full of his cock.  Damn he was good, much better than my now
ex-boyfriend.  He fucked me vigorously while the girls watched.  Jen began
masturbating and Crystal kept trying to get in on my action.  She just
wouldn't stop rubbing Kevin's ass, legs or back.  It didn't take long for
Emily and Katie to begin rubbing each other as they watched Kevin's manhood
piercing me.

   I got lost in the excitement and the taboo nature of our actions.  I
began moaning loudly and yelling for him to fuck me.  Crystal joined in
with cheers of dirty talk.  Jen also shared her excitement while Katie and
Emily cooed in delight.

   Jen quickly reached orgasm through her masturbating and joined Crystal
in her groping of our illicit sex.  But instead of reaching for Kevin she
caressed my body.  Her touch helped accelerate my body into a flurry of an
orgasm.  Kevin kept fucking me faster and harder as my muscles twitched and
I screamed in sexual satisfaction.  Kevin's cock continued to fuck me
throughout my seizing orgasm.

   My pussy was satisfied and my clitoris was sensitive but I continued to
endure my brother's relentless fucking.  Katie and Emily had gotten each
other off and joined us all on my bed with their hands all over me and
Kevin.  It wasn't long after this that I could hear Kevin beginning to
breathe more heavily.  I knew he was close to cumming.  I watched his face
as he buried his cock balls deep inside of me.  I could feel the pulsating
of his cock as it emptied itself, inciting a small orgasm inside of me.

   When he was done he collapsed on me as his cock slipped out.  One of the
girls removed the condom and they all took turns rubbing the cum out of it
on each other.  They also took turns stroking his cock as it lost its hard
state.

   Kevin moved his head next to mine and whispered in my ear, "That was
amazing.  Thank you."

   I kissed his cheek and whispered back to him, "I liked it too. 
Hopefully next time my friends won't be here to interrupt us."

   "Do you want to do this again," he whispered back inquisitively.

   "Anytime," I responded.

   By this time the girls had returned to Kevin and I.  They began rubbing
themselves on top of us and before long we were a large sweaty pile of
nakedness.  Everyone seemed so content with our cuddle puddle and would
have stayed there for hours.  But like all good things it had to come to an
end.  And boy did it end quickly when we heard the garage door open, my
parents were home.  Kevin grabbed his clothes and darted to his room.

   The rest of us threw on panties and night shirts just in time.  We all
laid back down on my bed and started giggling as my mom opened my door. 
"Hello," she said intrusively.  "It sounds like your all having fun in
here." We all responded affirmatively.  "Have you seen Kevin at all
tonight," she asked.

   I hated lying to my mother but I sure as hell wasn't going to tell her
that her mommy's boy just fucked his sister.  "No mom.  I think he has been
in his room all night," I said to her.

   "Okay," my mom said as she began shutting my door.  "Don't stay up too
late."

   We were all quiet as we heard my mom knock on Kevin's door.  We opened
my door and strained to hear anything that she said to him.  We didn't hear
much of anything but it must have gone well because she never said anything
to us that night.

   We sat up talking about how hot the sex was.  Even Katie admitted that
she would like to see us do it again sometime.  All of them even mentioned
how it was money well spent.  So after we knew my parents were asleep we
went and woke Kevin, inviting him back into my room.  He offered to sleep
with the rest of my friends.  All but Crystal refused as they wanted to see
him do me again.  Crystal wanted to try him out for herself.  So while he
banged her we all just watched impatiently.  We could even tell Kevin
wasn't too into her and was more exited about doing me again that night.  I
even had a little jealous streak come over me while they were doing it.

   That night my friends watched my brother fill me with his man meat over
and over as his cock was able.  The time between erections was getting
longer and longer.  Before long my friends had fallen asleep.

   I cuddled up to my brother, "Stay in my bed tonight."

   "I can't," he said.  "I told mom I would go with her in the morning. 
She can't find me in here."

   He cuddled with me for a bit longer before he moved off my bed.  I
looked up at him from my sleepy state, "I love you Kevin."

   "I love you too sis."

   We have continued our relationship.  Although sibling sex in a dorm room
is difficult.  It is sometimes hard to clear the room of all roommates. 
We'll have to do something different next year to avoid roommate problems.
