Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Battered Lamp Chapter Twenty-Two: The Lust of the Incubus
Summary: Christy battles the Incubus tentacle monster while Kyle plans the attack on Burke.
mF fsolo mc magic oral anal tentacle
Keywords: mF fsolo mc magic oral anal tentacle

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Notes: Thanks to b0b for beta reading this.

Character List

Main Characters

Kyle Unmei Jr.: Half-Japanese/Half-Kurdish owner of Aaliyah and wielder of Earthbones.

Aaliyah Unmei: A Jann sent to marry the prophesied savior of the Djinn. Kyle's First Wife.

Fatima Unmei : Kyle's younger sister and wife, wielder of Fireheart and has woken up from her coma.

Christy Unmei nee Leonardson: Kyle's long-time girlfriend turned third wife. She was a member of Ms. Franklin's dark coven and betrayed Kyle and Aaliyah. Christy has found redemption from Ishtar and serves the goddess. She is returning to Kyle.

Fumi Unmei nee Nakamura: Kyle's girlfriend and wielder of Windfeather. She has returned blind from Japan, able to lie with Kyle without killing him.

Britney Kingston: Kyle's best friend since elementary school. She is a Rakshasa and has sworn to defend Kyle. She is a hermaphrodite and has claimed Phillipa as her mate. Wielder of Waterclaw.

Enemies

Principal Burke: A man posing as the principal of Kyle's school and a powerful warlock who desires Aaliyah and her power. He has dominated Kyle's mother.

Sultan Rashid ibn al-Marid: The despotic ruler of the Djinn and leader of the Marid clan. Wants Aaliyah dead to thwart the prophecy.

Zaritha: An Ifrit serving the despotic ruler of the Djinn and sent to kill Aaliyah. Captured by Burke, she was freed fighting Fumi in Japan. Returned Fumi to Kyle and wants an alliance against Burke.

Detective Donnar: The homicide detective investigating the deaths of Ms. Franklin and her coven. Kyle is his prime suspect. Failed to find evidence at Kyle's house.

Shadow: A member of Burke's coven. She is Masquerading as Mrs. Skinner, Kyle's math teacher.

The Vicar: Another member of Burke's coven. Masquerading as Mr. Skinner, a teacher at Kyle's school.

Sable Purcell: Also known as Tourmaline, she was a member of Ms. Franklin's witch coven. After the coven's defeat, she serves Burke and is on a mission to kill Christy for betraying the coven. Erinyes has told her of an Incubus she can use on Christy.

Erinyes: The vengeful daughter of Hecate hunting Christy for betraying her oaths to the Goddess Hecate. Since Christy serves Ishtar, Erinyes can no longer hurt her directly, so she is aiding Tourmaline in her hunt for Christy.

Braiden Smythe: Kyle's former friend. Braiden is in love with Christy. Turned into a familiar by Burke.

Frankie/Zane: Two students turned into familiars by Burke.

Ms. Franklin: The deceased servant of Burke and leader of the coven. Also known as Celestite.

Concubines

Chyna Unmei nee Coel: Kyle's first concubine. Ms. Franklin cast a spell on Kyle and Chyna, forcing them into a slave/master relationship.

Shannon Unmei nee Coel: Chyna's hot mom and Kyle's second concubine.

Alexina Unmei nee Kendrick: Blonde concubine.

Carla Unmei nee Tyler: Redhead concubine.

Antoinette Toni Unmei nee Buckley: Cheerleader concubine.

Daniella Ms. Capello Unmei nee Capello: Kyle's English teacher and concubine.

Lois Unmei nee Smilingfox: A lesbian Domme that serves Kyle as a concubine.

Ann Unmei nee Weaver: Fatima's friend and strawberry-blonde hair.

Kayleah Unmei nee Peterson: Fatima's bleached blonde concubine and former rival.

Teleisia Unmei nee Otis: Aaliyah's African American concubine.

Phillipa Kingston nee Stoddard: Former member of Ms. Franklin's coven where she was known as Jade. Captured by Britney, Phillipa submitted to Britney and became her mate, discovering that she is a masochist.

Mindy Unmei nee Stoneking: A nurse at the hospital where Fatima is sick and Kyle's newest concubine.

Other Characters

Faiza Unmei: Kyle and Fatima's widowed mother. Was dominated on her date with Burke.

Mrs. Skinner: Kyle's first period math teacher and Aaliyah's third period math teacher. Killed by Burke and replaced by Shadow. Her husband was replaced by the Vicar.

Corey Derrickson: Kyle's friend and master of Aleah, his concubine.

Iris: The daughter of Ishtar and the spiritual guide of Christy on her path of redemption through the Spirit Realm.

Wednesday, January 27th  Mount Shasta, CA

You shouldn't have betrayed the coven! Sable hissed, her voice echoing through the cave Christy had just stepped into from the Spirit World.

Christy's heart hammered in fear as her former coven sister threw down a pink gem onto the stony floor of the cave. The gem shattered, flooding the room in brilliant, pink light. It slammed into her like a force, pressing against Christy's amber aura.

Lust burned in the pink. Passionate, burning desire.

An Elemental of Love, twisted by foul magic, sprouted from the shattered gem. The Cherub had been twisted into an Incubus. The elemental sprouted pink, slimy tentacles that writhed about the small cave as it swelled. At the center was a bulbous mass surrounding a hungry mouth.

FLESH! PASSION! CLIMAX! a chorus of deep voices boomed, the vibrations traveling through Christy's body. FLESH! PASSION! CLIMAX! The tentacles slithered out at Christy and a new voice hissed beneath the chorus, I can smell your lust, girl. I need to feel your flesh. To taste your passion. To cum in your depths. Surrender to me and I shall take you on a journey of such passion.

FLESH! PASSION! CLIMAX!

Feast on her flesh, laughed Sable, commanding her Incubus. Let her feel your ecstasy until you consume her utterly.

Ishtar, cool this Spirit of Tainted Lust, Christy chanted. She had contested with Tourmaline over an Elemental's control at the cabin. And now she had Iris with her, feeding off some of the spirit's power. She could easily wrest control away. That night, it had taken three witches to stop Christy from controlling the Maniae.

Only it wasn't working. Tourmaline was keeping control. The girl was stronger than when they last faced, her power boosted somehow. The tentacles launched at Christy.

Ishtar, clad your devoted servant in your protective embrace! Christy chanted. Her prayer went out to the Goddess Ishtar, and she could feel energy humming around her as her amber pendant flashed.

The tentacles struck her wards, the energy bowing beneath the eager desire of the Incubus. The tentacles slithered about her wards, trying to crush them and touch her flesh. Her heart hammered faster, fear and lust warring inside her.

The Incubus's lust bled through, washing over her in waves of heat. There was a part of her that wanted to let her wards drop and enjoy the Incubus's embrace. It's death. He'll use me up until there is nothing left of me.

Iris! What should I do?

*Stay alive,* the spirit answered, rainbow light flashing around her. *You have to break Sable's control and not get touched by the tentacles. You'll most certainly be lost if it touches you.*

Can't you do anything?

*I am your guide, not your protector.*

Christy drew in a deep breath. Her wards were holding, keeping the slimy tentacles just inches from touching her skin. They were wrapped about her, almost cocooning her in pink. She could barely see Sable on the other side of the Incubus, but she could hear the witch chanting to maintain control.

FLESH! PASSION! CLIMAX!

She wracked her brain for a spell that could help her. She had to get the tentacles off her wards before the Incubus's attack drained her aura of power and her defense failed. Her panic rose. It was claustrophobic surrounded by the tentacles. They were so close to her she couldn't move. It was like she was bound.

Could that spell work?

Ishtar, your humble servant is in peril, cut the shackles binding me and free me from bondage!

Light flashed around her. The Incubus howled in pain. The tentacles wrapped around her ward were sliced to pieces, falling to the ground where they wriggled like fat worms. The pink blob recoiled, sliding towards Sable. Relief flooded Christy and she backed away.

Partake of my lust, Sable hissed, and be healed.

A single tentacle, one of the few uncut, snaked between Sable's legs. It ripped the crotch of her pants open and buried into the witch's pussy. Sable let out a throaty moan, her back arching as an orgasm rippled through her body.

FLESH! PASSION! CLIMAX!

The severed tentacles sprouted new growth.

I need to take Sable out.

Ishtar, afflict my enemy with fatigue and lull her into sleep!

The spell, feeding off her amber aura, slammed into Sable's tourmaline aura. They were almost even in power, but tourmaline was one step higher than amber. Christy put all her energy into the spell, trying to beat past Sable's defenses before she recovered from her orgasm.

Hecate, protect your servant from her enemies spell! Sable screamed, her counterspell repelling Christy's attack back.

Christy pushed her aura against Sable's, but she just didn't have the power to break Sable's defenses.

Nice try, Sable laughed. But you are weaker than me. I serve a new master and Principal Burke has given me so much power! Take her, Incubus!

FLESH! PASSION! CLIMAX!

The tentacles lashed out. Christy didn't have time to digest what Sable screamed. She dived to the right, the slimy tentacles striking the wall behind her. She scrabbled to her feet, her shoulder bruised and throbbing, and raced around the wall, chased by the tentacles. If she could flank the Incubus and reach Sable directly, Christy was sure she could overpower the witch.

Three tentacles lashed out, slamming in front of her, cutting off Christy's path.

Ishtar, ward me in light to blind my enemies!

Brilliant, rainbow light exploded from her.

Fuck! Sable gasped, stumbling back.

The Incubus's tentacles spasmed, the Elemental blinded, and Christy scrambled beneath them, ducking low. But not low enough. Her ward brushed one, and it reacted, clenching about her ward with a crushing grip. Christy tripped, forcing more of her power to go into her wards as more tentacles surged towards her.

You fucking bitch! Sable gasped. Hecate, restore my sight.

Christy cast the bond cutting spell, slashing the tentacles that grabbed her and scrambled to her feet. She was almost to Sable and the outside of the cave. Sable blinked, her eyes focusing on Christy, and then she gasped in surprise.

They crashed together, falling to the hard stone floor. Christy dropped her wards as she gripped Sable's hand and twisted. Kyle had shown her a few aikido moves. Sable screamed in pain as Christy bent her wrist.

Then she looked at the Incubus and its tentacles reaching for her. Ishtar, cool this Spirit of Tainted Love. Smother its ardor beneath your gentle caress.

The tentacles froze, twitching in the air as she fought against Sable's control. The witch was in pain, unable to focus. Christy twisted harder, trying to rip Sable's elbow joint as she kept her chant going, forcing the tentacles to retreat, putting the Elemental back to sleep in its gem.

No! Sable moaned in pain. You won't win, Christy! I'll avenge Celestite, Onyx, Garnet, and Opal's deaths! You will pay for betraying us!

What we were doing to Aaliyah was wrong! We were going to kill an innocent being!

Bitch! I will see you pay! Hecate, protect your servant and deliver pain to her foe!

Ishtar, protect

Pain wracked through Christy, and she fell off of Sable. She forced through the pain, clutching her amulet. She chanted the counterspell, throwing off the pain. Something slimy and wet touched her leg.

Lust flooded her mind with bliss. Her legs spread, letting the tentacle have access to her dripping pussy. More amazing tentacles wrapped her body, ripping her useless clothes away. She moaned and gasped, lifting up into the air. The tentacles found all the wonderful spots on her body. Suckers latched onto her tits, milking her hard nipples. A thick tentacle wormed into her mouth, her taste buds exploding.

And the tentacles that shoved into her pussy and asshole brought burning passion inside her. She orgasmed over and over, waves of pleasure hammering her insides as the tentacles worked in and out of her. Pussy juices dripped from her, landing in the open mouth of the Incubus below her.

*You can't succumb to the lust!* Iris whispered in her mind.

Why not? It's so wonderful.

*You'll die, Christy!*

It would be so wonderful to die feeling this pleasure.

Dimly a woman laughed. Drain the life out of the whore's body!

*Fight! Please, Christy!*

I don't want to. This feels too amazing!

*If you die, you'll never see Kyle!*

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

South Hill, WA

Shannon pulled up the SUV at the meeting spot. Kyle climbed out, followed by his three wives and Britney. The concubines crowded the door, peering out the door. Kyle stood in the center of an empty lot. It had been part of a failed housing community. Thick brush obscured them from the road. The rain hammered down. On his hip hung Earthbones in its scabbard.

The least she could be is on time, complained Fatima, leaning on Fireheart, her yari. The sharp blade gleamed above her head, steam rising from it as the rain boiled off. We're going to get drenched waiting.

Perhaps I can help, Britney said. The rain suddenly bent around them, deflected from their skin as Britney's katar, Waterclaw, flared blue. Yes, I think this shall do.

Definitely, Fumi smiled. She held Windfeather in her hand as a bow, ready to draw and knock an arrow. But Zaritha will be here. She is eager to get revenge on Principal Burke for binding her.

Yes, Aaliyah nodded. Her hand touching his back. She stood right behind him. Being captured and bound to a sorcerer is one of my people's great fears. And she is an Ifrit. Her passions burn hot. She  will want revenge.

Yes, I do! a voice hissed. A dusky-skinned woman strode out of the brush, her face beautiful and fierce. Steam rose around her, the rain evaporating before it even touched her skin. She was dressed in red silks, her hips swaying, as she stopped before Kyle.

You're Zaritha?

I am, she purred, bowing to him. I'm pleased to meet you without disguises.

What?

Her skin rippled and wavered like heat dancing on asphalt. When it faded, a different woman stood there, pale skin, gray eyes, light-brown hair falling in curls around her shoulder. Kyle's cock stirred; he remembered fucking Lexie last week. Then she rippled again and Zaritha's dusky beauty returned.

You were a passionate lover, she purred.

Is that what we're here to talk about? he demanded. Kyle wanted to crush Burke for enchanting his mother. I thought you wanted to destroy Burke.

Such heat, she grinned. Burke will be difficult to defeat. He is quite powerful.

So are we! Fatima exclaimed. We kicked Ms. Franklin and her scrawny bitch's ass.

And while you did that, Burke lurked beneath your nose.

So what! We'll kick his ass, too. He's scared of us.

Why do you think that? Zaritha frowned.

He sent you to kill Fumi and get her bow. Fatima brandished her spear. These are power, and he's going to run scared before them.

And you are just going to attack him? snorted the Ifrit. You would die. Do not think he's afraid of you. He is merely cautious. I was trapped by him. He is powerful.

Then what do you propose? Britney asked. If he is powerful, then how may we contend against him?

What do you know of a sorcerer's power?

A sorcerer, witch, warlock, of one of the myriad other words used to name an individual that has entered into a covenant with a powerful spirit that often masquerades as a god or goddess. This individual than draws upon that spirits power, channeled through his aura, to effect spells. Usually, a prayer or invocation is uttered and the patron spirit sends the power to the individual.

Exactly, Zaritha nodded. And you can see the limitation.

I don't, Kyle said, glancing around.

There are two weaknesses to such methods, Britney explained. One, the invoker can be stopped from uttering the prayer by silencing his voice in some manner. Though I have read a truly great practitioner could utter his prayer in his thoughts.

And we should assume Burke is one of those, Fumi said.

A safe assumption.

So the other way is to cut him off from his patron spirit? Kyle asked.

Britney nodded. Yes. If you could interrupt that connection, for whatever reason, he would be powerless.

Well, how could we do that?

Phillipa? Britney asked, turning to the SUV.

Her mate stepped out, the water bending around her as she strode forward. Britney put an arm around her, pulling her tight. Let me think, Phillipa said.

I was contained in a magical circle, Aaliyah said, a hard edge to her voice.

The witch flinched and pressed tighter against Britney. Perhaps. But how could we get him trapped in it?

Lure him somewhere, Fumi suggested. Have it drawn on the floor and wait for him to step in it.

But he's human, Phillipa said, shaking her head. The circle could cut off his connection to Hecate, but he'd still be able to just step across it. Unlike Aaliyah, who is a spiritual being, he wouldn't be trapped by it.

Then make it so big he can't avoid it easily.

Like at his house?

Zaritha shuddered. His house has many protections about it. I'm not sure that is a good idea.

Kyle squeezed his fist. Well, there's only one other place we know he can be at.

You want to attack the high school? Britney asked.

I like it! Fatima grinned. Let's just go into his office and make him release Mom!

Britney peered at him. But would he not have defenses at the school?

He must, Fumi agreed.

But they would not be as formidable, the Ifrit said. Students and teachers traipse all over that school. He couldn't have anything too dangers set up or there would be accidents. And that would attract notice.

So we put a magic circle around the whole school. Is that possible? He glanced at Phillipa.

No. I could never power such a circle.

Aaliyah could, Fatima said. Right?

In theory, but that seems far out of the scope of Hearth and Harem.

I could be the foci, Zaritha suggested. You could feed me your power without needing to grant a wish to your mortal master. That should get around your limitation. Then I feed it to the witch and she can power the circle.

I thought you would be fighting with us, Kyle frowned.

If there's a magic circle up, I'd be helpless. Besides, if you can't handle him by yourself once he's divorced from his goddess's powers than we cannot beat him.

We can kick his ass even with his powers! Right, big bro?

There is still a problem, Aaliyah said, folding her arms. I will not give my powers to an Ifrit without certain safeguards.

Kyle glanced at his Genie wife, her arms folded. And what are they?

She has to join your harem.

Zaritha gave Kyle a look. You want me to serve a mortal, little Jann?

If you want to get revenge on your enslaver, then that is the cost. Aaliyah's head tilted back, her back straight as she faced Zaritha. She seemed so majestic. Besides, it is the only way I could be certain I can feed her my powers. My father's limitations may preclude it otherwise.

Heat burned in her eyes, her breasts rising. Her face grew tense for a moment, a ghost of a sneer on her lips. Very well. Kyle is a great lover. I can agree to that. Do we need to consummate it now?

I think that would be best, Aaliyah nodded, her back straight, her dusky face imperious. A simple blowjob will do. On your knees, before your Master, concubine.

Kyle's cock was rock hard as Zaritha stepped forward, her clothes melting off. Her breasts were heavy and round, jigging as she walked. She fell to her knees, her fingers unzipping his pants and pulling his cock out.

That's it, Ifrit slut, Aaliyah sneered. Suck your master's cock.

Her mouth was hot and Kyle's back arched as she engulfed him. Her mouth sucked hard, her tongue flicking about. Gentle hands cupped his balls, warmth bathing through him. He gripped her black hair as rapture burned through is body.

Fuck, she's good! His hips thrust forward, driving his cock down the Ifrit's throat. Her dark eyes looked up at him, burning like coals. That's it! Take my cock. You're my newest slut!

She sucked harder, her fingers massaging his balls.

You like being called a slut, don't you? I can tell. You're sucking harder. You're eager for my cum.

She is going to town on you, laughed Fatima. Make my husband cum, slut!

Yes. Prove how eager you are to be his, Aaliyah purred.

He grows closer, purred Fumi. I can smell his cum rising.

His balls tightened and his cum flooded her sucking lips. Zaritha swallowed, still looking up at him. His pleasure shot through him in intense pulses, his back arching. He loved this moment. One, last blast of cum filled her lips.

Satisfied? she asked, licking the traces of his cum from her lips.

Yeah, Kyle panted.

Then we should strike today. After school. He has to work late. That will be the best time.

Sure. Let's get this over with.

But, we need to ready the magic circle, Phillipa said. There will have to be many anchor points for a circle that big. How am I supposed to walk around school all day and set them up?

What do they need? Kyle asked.

Silver placed in and around the school. A seven pointed star must be drawn and everyplace the lines would intersect both the circle and each other has to be at least marked. And there should be even more for a circle that big.

The concubines could do it, Britney suggested. If we give them each three or four points to mark, it will not look unusual. They could do it as they go about their day.

The sooner the better, Kyle muttered.

But wouldn't the markings get found? Fumi asked. It is a busy school.

Kyle frowned, thinking in his mind for the right wish. Aaliyah, I wish for, um, how many would we need?

A circle this big, I'd say sixty, Phillipa answered. We'll want lots of anchor points to make it strong.

Aaliyah, I wish for sixty solid silver, invisible dildo that I or my concubines could use for pleasuring other women.

Aaliyah smirked. Done. They are right there, she said, pointing down at dirt.

Really, big bro? Invisible dildos? That's ridiculous!

Kyle fixed his sister with a look. Do you have another idea how to deposit silver across our school without them being easily found.

Fatima opened her mouth, then sighed, I guess not. But dildos?

Harem, Kyle shrugged. I work with the limitations I can.

It is very wise, Aaliyah nodded.

Then we need to map them, Phillipa said.

I can do that, Zaritha said, fire flaring before them, the flames twisting around into a three dimensional map of the school then overlaid a seven pointed star inscribed by a circle around it.

That'll work, he nodded. Let's figure this out. Britney, I'd say this is your area.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The raven watched until Kyle, his women, and the Ifrit left the empty lot. It's master would need to be informed of his servant's betrayal. Ignoring the heavy rain, the raven took flight and winged to the school.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Detective Donnar's phone rang. He was still stinging over the lack of any concrete evidence found at Kyle's home. He was sure the little bastard was responsible for those four murders. He didn't have enough evidence to take before a judge to get arrest warrant after the search found nothing.

His cell phone rang. He pulled it out of his pocket. Hello.

It's Principal Burke.

How can I help you?

I believe I have some evidence on Kyle's involvement in those murders. You really need to come down here at once. I'd bring some backup, too. It's pretty damning evidence.

The detective grinned.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mt Shasta, CA

If you die, you'll never see Kyle.

Iris's words burned through Christy. She pictured the olive-tan face of her husband, his almond-shaped eyes full of so much love. The lust was driven away as she concentrated on her love for him. And his love for her.

He forgave her. After all she did, he had called her up and asked for her help. He want's me back! I'm free of Hecate! And he's forgiven me! I can't lose that now!

She bit down on the tentacle in her mouth, biting through rubbery flesh. Foul ichor filled her as the Incubus howled. She spat out the rubber flesh, gasping for air. The two tentacles driving in and out her pussy and ass worked harder, pleasure tumbling through her.

But she fought it.

She focused on her love, and cried out, Ishtar, cool this Spirit of Tainted Love. Smother its ardor beneath your gentle caress.

The tentacles fucking her spasmed and twitched.

No! Sable screeched. Hecate, inflame this Spirit of Tainted Love. Fan its ardor with your passionate breath. Let lust consume it.

Cool your ardor, Incubus! Christy yelled, pushing all her energy into fighting Sable's control. She had love on her side. Purify this Tainted Elemental. Wash it clean of the foul energy that has twisted it away from Love. Let it once again be an innocent Cherub.

The tentacles began to withdraw, driven back by Christy's love for Kyle, reminding the monster of its true nature.

No! Sable hissed, her voice thick with hate. Do not relent! Do not go back to being such a weak Elemental. Indulge in her flesh. Drink her passion! Taste her lust!

Cool your ardor and let love again flourish. The tentacles lowered her to the ground as the pink blob contracted and spasmed.

No! You fucking bitch! Sable screamed, drawing a knife from her pocket. I'll fucking gut you myself.

Fear squirmed in Christy's stomach as she faced the unhinged witch. Sable's spray-tanned face twisted in murderous rage. She stalked across the cave, passing the blob that was glowing pink, morphing back into what it was always meant to be.

Sable stabbed at her.

Christy caught her arm, stopping the blade from biting into her flesh. The force of the attack drove her back, the sharp rocks of the cave wall biting into her back. Her sweaty hands gripped Sable's, striving to keep the enraged teen from gutting her open.

I'll rip out your entrails! You betrayed the coven! Ms Franklin and our sisters are dead because of your treachery.

Over Sable's shoulder, a Cherub rose, white wings beating as the pink, angelic form floated into the air. Cherub, pierce Sable's heart with love!

The Cherub drew its bow and fired a pink arrow at Sable's back.

The knife clattered from Sable's hand. Her face twisted into joy. My love, she shouted, then embraced Christy and thrust her tongue into the surprised girl's mouth. I love you so much, she moaned between kisses. Let me be yours always. Please.

But...I have a husband, Christy said, surprised by the reaction. She didn't intend to dominate Sable with love.

Sable fell to her knees, looking up at her with beseeching eyes. Just let me be yours. Please. Let me be near you. Her hand touched Christy's naked thighs, sliding up to her groin. I can please you.

God, she is beautiful. Christy's body was still burning with lust as Sable's fingers touched her aching pussy. And Fatima has concubines. Why not me?

Will you be my concubine?

Yes! Please! Just let me be with you!

And you'll please my husband, too?

Will that make you happy?

Yes, it will, Sable.

Then I will, she smiled and buried her face between Christy's thighs.

Christy moaned, leaning against the wall, Sable's tongue working hard and fast through her pussy. She gripped the teen's honey-blonde hair, humping her pussy into Sable's licking tongue. It wasn't the first time Sable had eaten her pussy out, but she had never been so eager before.

That's it, slut! hissed Christy. Eat my pussy. You're my dyke concubine now, aren't you?

Yes, I am! she moaned. Thank you, thank you, thank you, Mistress! I'm so glad I can love you!

Her tongue flicked at Christy's pussy. The pleasure burned hot through Christy. Her back arched into Sable's mouth, grinding her cunt on the eager witch's lips. Christy's hands found her nipples, tugging and pulling as her orgasm built.

Sable's hands seized her asscheeks, fingers dipping into her crack.

Finger my ass! Make me cum on your lips!

Sable's fingers shoved into her asshole. New, warm pleasure burned through her. Sable moaned, reveling in her pussy, humming against her clit. Christy's eyes squeezed shut and she shuddered and moaned. Her orgasm burned through her. Her stomach muscles clenched. She bent over her new concubine and creamed her lips.

Did I please you, Sable asked, looking up.

So very much, Christy panted. I can't wait to share you with Kyle. Her eyes widened. Shit! He needs my help. 

He's in danger, Sable nodded, licking her lips clean of Christy's juices. My former master hates him and wants Aaliyah.

Christy froze. You said Principal Burke was your master?

Sable nodded. He was also Celestite's master. She was working for him the entire time.

Panic flooded her and she looked around for her cell phone. It lay on the cave floor and she sighed in relief that it still worked. She called her husband, her hands shaking, eager to her his voice and fearful of the danger he was in.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

South Hill, WA

Shannon pulled her SUV up, her face pale. It'll be okay, Kyle told her, then leaned down and kissed her on the lips.

Be safe, Fumi called, clutching her bow. Like Shannon and Mindy, she had no place at the school.

Kyle touched his wife's face and gave her an even more passionate kiss. We will be.

They had to act like everything was normal. There was no way they could tip off Principal Burke that they were on to him. The concubines each had their invisible dildos, and knew where they had to be dropped. Kyle had a few in his backpack. He would take care of the first on the way to Math class.

Remember. Act normal.

We won't let you down, Master, Chyna said.

And if there's any trouble, you retreat to the room. Everyone had a key that could transform any door in the school into a portal to an extradimensional room Aaliyah had created. Once they were in the room, they could exit out the rear, gym door. Shannon would be parked on the street not far away from there, and they could race to her SUV.

We can do this, Toni nodded. You can count on us, Master.

This'll work, big bro, Fatima said.

He glanced at Aaliyah. Maybe you shouldn't go.

I have to. We can't appear to be suspicious. Kyle was certain Aaliyah was Burke's goal. It was the only thing that made sense. I'll be fine. At a moment's notice, you just have to wish me by your side. I'll sound the alarm if anything goes wrong.

It didn't help to make Kyle feel better. Okay. Let's do this. Just act natural. He wished the tremble in his hand would go away, but too much adrenaline was pumping through him. He opened the door and stepped out into the rain.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

His intercom buzzed. Detective Donnar is here to see you, Principal Burke, his secretary said.

Send him in, he answered, pressing the button on his phone.

The door opened and the balding detective walked in. Through the door he could see a few more cops standing in the office. All his careful plans were falling apart. His raven had witnessed the entire meeting between Kyle and Zaritha.

How had that Ifrit been freed? Did Fumi do it? He pushed down his irritation. That didn't matter now. Kyle was moving against him today. His new plan just might succeed before Kyle was ready to attack. If he was cut off from his Goddess, he would have to rely on his other powers and Kyle was not to be trifled with. Not after the devastation he had wrought at the cabin.

Best to move now before he's ready to attack.

So, what's this new evidence that you want to show me? the Detective asked.

This. He reached down and pulled his desk drawer. He seized a handful of feverfew blossoms, crunching the white petals in his hand.

A flower? Seriously, Principal? Are you just jerking my chain?

Hecate, blind this man to the truth and feed him my lies. 

The Detective's eyes widened as the spell fell upon him.

And let his men also be blinded and fed my lies, Burke continued, the feverfew petals in his hand smoking, the vapors wafting out the door towards the other cops.

Let them believe that Kyle Unmei is a dangerous threat. One that must be taken care of immediately.

The Detective blinked his eyes, then his face hardened. We're here to take Kyle Unmei into custody! The Detective's voice was thick with anger, his hand drifting to his gun. Where is he right now?

The bell rang, sounding the end of second period.

Heading to his English class. Second floor. Room 207.

The Detective stood, striding out of his office. He's going to be upstairs, Room 207. We're not going to take any chances with him. He's armed and dangerous.

Right, Detective, one of the cops answered.

Burke leaned back in his chair, grinning. Then he grabbed his phone and dialed. 

The phone rang twice. Mrs. Skinner, Shadow answered, his servant poising as the Math teacher. This isn't a good time. My third period class is about to start.

When Aaliyah arrives, seize her and bring her to my office. Zane will accompany you.

Yes, Master, Shadow purred.

Burke leaned back. Maybe it was all for the best that Kyle moved against him today. This new plan was fraught with risk, but he could end this annoying disguise. Five years he waited for the Jann's appearance, biding his time. His auguries had been correct and all the tedium would soon be at an end.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kyle pulled on his shirt as the bell rang signaling the end of second period. He had English next, taught by his concubine Ms. Capello. He grabbed his backpack out of his locker, reaching into the back pocket and found the invisible, solid silver dildo. He had to drop it off on the way to English, then he would have covered every point he needed to.

Hey, Kyle, Corey said, catching up to him as he walked briskly to the locker room's exit.

Hey, he nodded as the shaggy-haired ginger caught up. What's up.

Dude, I had the craziest night. And it's all thanks to you.

Oh, yeah? Kyle wondered as he crossed headed out into the rainy courtyard that separated the gym from the main building.

Aleah's sister was home last night and she made a gift of her.

What, Aleah did?

Corey nodded. Her sister's just as submissive as she is and now I got myself a small harem. Corey made a fist pump. Dude it's all thanks to you. Let me tell you, sisters in the same bed is so fucking hot.

Kyle grinned at him. Glad to hear. I haven't tried that one out yet.

You should, man. Their footsteps squeaked on the linoleum floors of the main educational building. Well, you take care. Got to go to Math. I'll say high to your pretty wife. Aaliyah had math with Mrs. Skinner for third period.

Kyle dropped the silver dildo behind the trash can at the base of the stairs. Oh, yeah, tell Aaliyah I'm done with my task.

Corey drew back his arm and made a whipping sound. You got to control your women.

She's a wife, not a concubine, Kyle laughed. Not like Aleah and her sister.

Who needs a wife when you got a pair of sexy redheads sharing your bed? Corey grinned. Later, man.

Kyle nodded, and turned to head up the stairs to the second floor when his cell phone vibrated. He whipped it out and his heart almost stopped.

It was Christy.

His hand shook, and an excited buzz pumped through his blood. Taking a deep breath, he tapped his screen and held his phone up to his ear. Hey, Christy. He winced. I haven't seen her since the attack last week, and that's all I have to say?

Kyle. There was such a cautious hope in her voice. I got your message. I...uh...I'm really sorry I didn't get back to you. There wasn't cell coverage where I was.

It's good to hear from you, he said, climbing up the stairs.

You mean that?

I do. I meant what I said in the voice mail. I...I miss you. Come back, we can work this out. Aaliyah's fine. Even Fatima's coming around. Slowly.

Oh, so you she's fine now? You don't need my help? She sounded crushed.

No. But I need you, Christy. He swallowed. If you can handle sharing me. I have three other wives. I want you to be with us, but...

I do, she whispered. I get it. You can love them, and still love me. And...I miss you so much. But there's something I need to tell you. You're in danger.

Did Burke send someone after you? Kyle asked. He hadn't thought Christy was in danger; she didn't have one of the artifacts like Fumi had.

Yes. Sable

The witch that got away? Fuck, so that's what happened to her. Are you okay?

I'm fine, she answered. I, um, I have a concubine now. I kinda had a Love Elemental hit her with its power and, well, she's probably going to be in love with me for the rest of her life. It was a pretty powerful blast.

Kyle laughed as he reached the top of the stairs. Listen. I can't talk more. But I know about Burke. Can you get back soon?

I'm in California.

Kyle walked around the corner, nearing his English class. Okay. I'll have Aaliyah wish you

Kyle Unmei! a voice boomed.

Kyle spun. The detective that had searched his house and three Pierce County Sheriff Deputies advanced on him, their boots pounding on the linoleum floor. The cop's faces were stony, their bodies tensed; Kyle's heart beat faster.

What? he asked, slipping into an aikido stance.

You're under arrest for the murders of Michelle Franklin, Karrie Robertson, Rashawn Underhill, and Lorrie Gore.

There was no way Kyle was going to let himself get arrested. Not when they were so close to moving on Burke and saving his mom. He reached out to Earthbones, summoning his sword. Beneath the linoleum was a concrete slab and the vary strength of the earth that had been poured into it. He could

A deputy pulled out a taser. Two darts streaked through the air and struck Kyle. Pain erupted through him, driving out all thoughts. His cell phone fell from his grip, Christy's urgent voice cut off as it shattered on the floor. Kyle's legs stopped working, the electric jolt robbing him of motor control. He fell sideways, the lockers rushing up at him.

His head crashed into metal. Darkness overtook him.

To be continued...