Baby Sister
by SZENSEI
Copyright© 2022 by SZENSEI

Episode 6: HEAVENS TO BETSY

“Time to wake up and smell like roses. In other words RISE AND SHINE!”

“Noooooooooo!”

“I said rise and shine, not rise and whine.”

Tyson Barnett waltzed right into Maria Blanco’s bedroom and pulled the drapes to her balcony doors letting the sunlight in. Waking up with a forced yawn Sleeping Booty found her Princess self-blinded instantly. Once the curtains were ripped open the bald brother of the bunch pulled the doors wide letting in a warm breeze. Dressed in blue jeans and a stylish button-down red shirt of all colors, Tyson walked to the side of her bed and launched himself onto the mattress to lay next to her. Her comforter long discarded in the Texas heat, air on or not, she was covered only by her thin bed sheet, nude beneath it having sworn off clothing. Her nipples stabbed through the gossamer like sheets as if nothing to hide, strange sheets being transparent but oh, so very soft. The Barnett’s had thought of everything.

“It is too early. Let me sleep. Harriet kept me awake all night.” She pouted.

“Ole’ girl still prowling’ your palace?” He looked around her room.

“Yes. My television came on by itself last night. It was only fuzzy. I finally figured out the remote and shut it off but...” Maria Blanco sat up quickly with a glint of fear in her eyes, her sheet slipping from her upper body to her lap.

“But what?” Tyson cocked an eyebrow, more at her stiff rigid nubs begging him to warm them up with his breath. Tempted but resistant under his brother Matty’s rules. This new fabricated ghost story was worth a straight face to keep the Colombian cutie pie from learning she was being hoodwinked. As if she knew what that word even was.

“She spoke to me.”

“What did Aunt Harriet say?” He rolled his eyes as if doubting her.

“It sounded like she said fuck them. Over and over until I shut her off. What does she mean?”

“It’s all about humping. Don’t you worry your pretty lil’ noggin. Harriet back in the day was...” He gnashed his teeth, “ ... well, promiscuous, that means easy. She liked sex a lot I hear. Don’t let her get to you. It’s probably just this old manor creaking in the wind, settling so to speak. Of course, Harriet settled for nothing’ but the best in men I hear. Pappy says she used to be a nurse back in the day, loved helping guys out in their times of need. That was right on the cusp of the White Devil outbreak.”

“She helped get the white stuff out of men?”

“Oh, yeah. Nonstop! My grampa used to tell me she would chase a guy down and jump his bones just to help him out.” Eyeballs suddenly go big as he eases back a bit from her, “Maybe, she’s possessing you.” He acts all eerie with ghostlike wails and fluttering fingers. She swiftly pulls her sheet higher to mask her fright. Nice negligee, nothing to hide behind that sheer terror, er, curtain.

“Do not do that Tyson. I don’t want to be possessed.” Catholic from home only back in Cartagena she used her right hand to make a cross over her chest for protection. Sadly, it wasn’t even the proper way to do it, forehead, nipple, nipple, mouth. Kid was hardly a sain’t he told himself trying not to laugh. “She might make me do things.”

“Might just help you become a woman if she did.”

Eyes unable to blink she processes his words, realizing that was indeed a part of her journey here, a promise made to her mother. “I do want to become a woman.”

“You do?”

“Yes.” She becomes overly excitable hopping up onto her knees to face him, her sheet slipping away to reveal her gorgeous 34B’s. Bulging her eyes as he licks his lips, his gaze lowered to her perky titties, she defines her posture as if some unknown source told her to. His opinion meant everything to her dimwitted soul. “A woman is to be desired. Even mother has told me this.” She told herself, Tyson fighting hard to not jump at her, eyes rolling white with refrain yet his hands rising as if to reach out to her, Zombie in the house effect. “My new brother must be ... oh, no! Maybe it is he, that is possessed.”

“Baby Sister!!!” His voice grows cold and menacing like something beyond the grave, “Titties yummy! Must devour titties!”

“They are?” Growing spooked she none the less lowers her chin to look at her nipples. “Even these?”

“Especially Nip Nips!” Gravelly voice, he eases to his knees on her mattress as if prepared to stalk her. Concern on her face she moves to her knees in case she needed to run. “ONLY WOMAN! NO GIRL! WHERE IS HARRIET? MUST HAVE HARRIET!” Just that fast Tyson finished his ghoulish act and played it off as if lightheaded and uncertain as to why he was on his knees facing her.

“You do not want these! I am still a girl.” Her only defense she thought.

“Naaa! You’re a young adult.” He swallows dryly and returns to his seated position, “What was I saying? Lost my train of thought there for a minute. That seems to be happening a lot here lately. Ever catch me sleepwalking just let me go, I do that too. Last time Owen found me at the foot of his bed with my backside facing his way. Matter of fact, your room here I’ve woke up in a few times and not know how I got here. Humping your mattress there even. Weird! I really should see a sleep disorder doctor.” He shrugs off his feigned shivers rubbing his forearms as if chilled. “Anyways, you’re a baby still Maria. Womanhood starts begging to be noticed at your age.”

“I am only sixteen.”

“Still! Barely that! To me you’re still a wee one. Tiny little critter and so petite you could pass for fourteen.”

“You are mean.” She pelts him with a fist then feels badly for striking him. “I think you were possessed instead of me.”

“I don’t believe in possession, I only teased you about it earlier for giggles. As to womanhood, just calling it how I see it. If you want to change my mind, then you’re going to have to prove to me that you want to be a woman.”

“How? Wiley says I am good with my hands.”

“I wouldn’t know.”

“I can show you.”

“Maybe later. Today’s the day we’re taking you horseback riding. Daddy told us to take you out for some fresh air. You’re a Barnett now, even without the name and Barnett’s are horse lovers. So go clean up and meet me downstairs. I gave Highbone the day off, so I’ll make you breakfast.”

“Vegan pancakes?”

“Ummm! Sure.” As if he knew how. “I’ll whip some right up. Strawberry? Blueberries?”

“No strawberries. I ate too many with Wiley and Oscar before they left. Bananas?”

“How’s about we just take a bunch of bananas on our ride? I’ll be honest I don’t know how to make anything vegan.”

“Okay! I adore big bananas. I’ll go shower. Wait! Am I getting dressed?”

“Why? We own everything for thirty miles around. Of course, the stable boys might see you and whistle. I hadn’t considered that.”

“Boys?”

“Well, men.”

“Will they try and touch me?”

“Probably so. Boys will be boys.”

“You will protect me?”

“Probably not.” He chuckles, “Relax, I’m messing with ya. I bought you a cowboy hat and some boots. You can’t go walking barefoot in the desert, scorpions and all. The hat because it’ll make you look cute. Want some sunglasses?”

“I have my giraffe sunglasses from when I was much younger. I love giraffes as you can tell.” She points at her long necked stuffed animal to her left, her cozy bedmate at the time. “Will the horses like me? I’ve never been on a horse before.”

“Course they will. We can feed Betsy a carrot, she’ll love you forever.”

“I get a girl horse?”

“She’s got the best personality. Some of the other horses might get cranky.”

“I don’t like cranky.”

“Neither do we. Word of advice?” She nods intent on his every word, “Don’t ever get grumpy with a guy. Never ever talk back. Always be sweet as you can be and if he asks...” He alters his word, “ ... tells you to do something, no matter what that might be, you just do it. That keeps you out of trouble.”

“I won’t speak out of turn on purpose.”

“Good. Y’know what? We have a little time before the horses are ready. How about I show you a few tricks?”

“Magic tricks?”

“Uhh?” He repositions on the bed, “Maybe! Here, lay down beside me and stretch out on your back.” She complies and snuggles close to Tyson presuming that she should. Her fear of his possession fleeting just that fast. “Good girl, now I’m going to get you started, but I expect you to take over for me.” He places his fingers on his tongue to moisten them then reaches down to rub her clit. Her innocent eyes studied his face before darting back and forth between him and her pussy. Trembling at his touch, her sensitivity level charted. A faint whimper followed by a pant she mumbles her thoughts aloud.

“That feels good Tyson.”

“It feels even better when you do it yourself.”

“It does?”

“Lick your fingertips then put them right where my fingers are.” Without arguing she does it and joins his fingers. Lifting his hand away he watches her massage her clit, eyes sparkling at how good her own touch was. She had often touched herself but mostly in bathing but at sixteen make no mistake she already knew her touch if not calling it as it was. Often stopping her gentle massage thinking it wrong. With Tyson here basically letting her know it was not wrong she considered it a part of becoming a woman. Well, duh!

“It does feel good when I do it. Why am I doing it Tyson?”

“Because sometimes a man just likes to watch the woman, please herself.”

“You like watching me touch myself?”

“Any brother would. Definitely!”

“Can I watch you?” There it was! After helping Wiley, then her massage by Owen and the other brothers, all rubbing up on her making her feel good without hurting her this was nothing. She wanted nothing to be something.

“Right now?” He puffed his lower lip then stroked his goatee. “I guess I could. If it makes you happy.” She nods feverishly with a glimmer of lust. No belt on, using both hands he unzips his jeans before lifting his ass up to tug them down to his upper thighs. Seeing his nine-inch cock pop free and spring to life Maria brightens up and snuggles even closer beneath his armpit. Now that his hand surrounded her shoulder again, he applied friction to her bicep. “You like cuddling, don’t you?”

“You are really warm. My Nip Nips are cold.” Term borrowed from Zombie Tyson.

“Okay, you rub yourself right there. I’ll rub my cock until it’s nice and hard.”

“Does he hurt?”

“A little but you do realize I’m riling the temper of the beast inside. Sooner or later White Devil is going to fight back and make me growl in pain.”

“I will help you fight him.”

“Counting on that. I hear you’re a pretty good Doctor. Maybe you and Aunt Harriet being a nurse y’all might make a pretty good team.”

“I just like being helpful. It makes me feel special. May we not talk of ghosts?” She looks around the room, “No disrespect Aunt Harriet.”

“You and ghosts, I swear. I was only joshing you about Aunt Harriet Maria! That old bird has long flown the coop. Your TV turning on at night happens. I watch a lot of YouTube on my TV and I’ve gotten complaints from my brothers about it connecting to their TV. They find it on in the mornin’ too. Probably, what happened on your television over there.” Good thing cable was not connected to hers to view the outside world. Pure white noise unless altered. “You are very special, with or without your help. Come on let’s masturbate together.”

“What is masturbate?”

“It’s when you master the human body, what makes it feel good.”

“I want to be good at it. To be a woman I must.”

“All women master the technique. You’re doing good for a beginner.” He observes her fingers moving faster. “Okay, let’s add something here. Use these two fingers to rub like you’re doing now, and place your other hands fingers up inside your pussy. Like this.” He uses her fingers and places them inside her as far as her virginity allowed. “Good! Now do both until you have a nice orgasm.”

“Orgasm? Like when Owen licked me down there?”

“Yep! This is you though, not Owen. You must get in tune with your own body.”

“I like this. Are you going to rub him?”

“I am.” He turns his attention to jerking off as she explores his reaction to himself, at a sigh Maria lays her cheek on his chest, her warm exhale pelting his chest hair.

“Tyson?”

“Yeah?”

“Why do all of my brothers have big ones?”

“Big dicks?” He points at his monster, “It’s just how we were born. Girls love big cocks.”

“I know I do.”

“You ever see a cock before Wiley?”

“No. Mommy never let men around me. We didn’t have a television even. No computers. Only Mommy had a phone for work.” She knew of it but was not allowed near it, locked away when unused.

“So, our dicks are the only sizes you know?”

“Uh huh! You’re bigger than Wiley.”

“Keep rubbing. Are you feeling good?”

“Yes. It tickles but makes me feel really, really good.”

“Don’t stop then. Here soon it’s going to feel even better.”

“Will you lick me like Owen did?”

“If you finish yourself, I’ll lick it for ten minutes. Deal?”

“Deal! If you need help, I can lick you too.”

“I might just let you.”

“I hope so. Tyson? Your dick is getting really purple. Is that a bad thing?”

“Dang it! You’re right! White Devil is cutting off my blood flow. I really need to get it out before it’s too late. Don’t worry about me, you just keep rubbing that clit and dipping those fingers.” She worries regardless for his health but obeys. Watching him made her want to rub herself harder. The more sensitive she became the more she squirmed beneath his arm. Whimpering he knew she was getting close; she just didn’t understand it all. Gripping his cock Tyson Barnett increased his friction, wishing he had lube. Spitting on his hand he dampened his cock for a better feel. Seeing this Maria did the same, leaving her clit to spit on her fingers then reapply them. He had to snicker. So did she. “That’s called a Spit Shake! In my case a Spit Snake.”

“Sit snake?” She enquires, not hearing him clearly.

“That too!” He hissed throttling his serpent, “I can feel the White Devil ready to shoot.” He groaned tilting his head back.

“I don’t know what I’m feeling, but it feels good.”

“Keep it up, don’t stop. Just don’t dig your fingers too deep you might start bleeding.”

“I won’t. Wait! Bleed?” She drooped her jaw and eased her fingers to just circle the interior of her vulva. Satisfactory for now!

Gritting his teeth, he shifted to his left hip then tilted his dick toward her just as he exploded. Silky white missiles launched out over her belly and peppered her abdomen. Hearing each guttural grunt made her shake like a leaf. Was he possessed again? His eyes did roll back. Gaze returning to normal he tapped his crown on her belly to leave final puddles. Now that he had saved himself, he held her tighter and kissed her forehead. “Didn’t mean to spook you Maria, about the blood. You a virgin, if you dig too deep you might puncture your hymen. That’s good if you are ready for true womanhood but don’t do it. Let a man do that to you and share in the experience. Might get messy and ruin your bedding here if you do it yourself. A little painful I hear too.”

“I do not like pain.”

“Neither do I. Here! Let me warm you up a bit.”

“White Devil is really warm on my skin right now.”

“Won’t last long. That’s just him absorbing my body heat. Out in the open he goes cold fast and starts sticking to you like a second skin.”

“I can feel him getting sticky.”

“Sheds like a snake here soon. You can finish up then bathe and get that wicked bastard off of you.”

“Tyson?” She fawns, “I was told White Devil is good for my complexion. Is that true?”

“That’s what the Epidermists say.” Made up doctor credential.

“What is epidermist?”

“Epidemic docs, they define the good and bad sides of the White Devil epidemic. Crazy how anything that causes so much pain has benefits too, isn’t it?” She simply nods in awe and continues rubbing her clit. Fingers lagging within her vulva she pouts, fearful of pain. Seeing her hesitance Tyson kept her warm by exhaling over both of her nipples. The nearness of his lips ignited Maria’s fingertips, the friction over her clit so sensitive her body tremors heavily.

His jerking hand relocated to tease her vulva now that she was troubled by it. A single finger dipping within her wetness made her hips rise. “Be careful Tyson. I do not wish to bleed. I like my bedding.” The secondary thrill made her tense up, her back arching her ass upward she rose off of the mattress. Seconds later she squeals like a Miss Piggy on her best day and cums. Shocked by her success she brightened up, “I did it Tyson. I did it.” His finger felt her squirting surge.

“That was beautiful Maria. Might still need to change your bedding. I guess I owe you those licks, don’t I.” Excitable nods with diamond sparkles in her eyes she watches him scoot lower on her bed then reach over dragging her tiny body up onto his chest. With a bit of assisted effort, he turned her upside down, her knees to each side of his head. Drawing her thighs to his face he began gnawing on her clit. Instantly, Baby Sister moaned.

With her face directly over his enormous erection she could not resist its allure, taking it upon herself to lick him back. From pubes to the tip of his monster cock she licked, her brow grazing along its veiny contours, at his crown her eyes crossed to look at it with double version. Vision even! Tasting his White Devil leftovers, she realized just how delicious the vile creature was.

“Rub my cock, Baby Sister.” She did so, bringing it back to life. “There’s more of ole’ White Devil hiding out in there. It hurts Maria, it hurts bad.” Instinct took over and she jerked him off with both hands, amazed by how big he was, at the heartbeat of pumping lust within. The Devil was strong today. The more she felt his pulse the more she presumed the White Devil was fighting against her. So very naive! Divided between her handy ability she stopped just long enough to recall the Sit Snake and spat venom in her palm to apply it to his penis. Good girl, Maria! His tongue swirling within the rim of her vulva drove her into theatrics, squirming and gyrating his lips. Baby Sister could not stop whimpering, her childlike whines intoxicating to his senses. The more she lured him in the more he devoured that sweet young pussy.

“I love being licked.” She feverishly mumbled amid her tender moans, her lashes batting uncontrollably to the point that her focus on his hand job was waning. Hearing him pause and get cross with her to not stop fighting the Devil, she managed to massage his beast harder yet thrive on his tongue. “Love me Brother, love meeee!” No problem you sexy little soon to be whore. A pinky tip in her butt pucker made her squeal and scream just the same, fearing his going deeper.

“So do I. Shit! He’s ready to strike.” Eying his cock up close she looked directly into his urethra then jumped as her hands made him detonate. Cum shot out across her face making her flinch, mouth wide in shock at the White Devil’s surprise attack. Two more solid airstrikes coated her nose and brow, dripping down over her left eye. She froze under the blizzard of ooze.

“That was a lot.” She mumbled as her thighs wiggled over his tongue. Feeling his tongue up inside her made her eyes roll back in that possessed look. Wiping the cum from her eyes on his thigh she began panting heavily, sweet demonics in her baby like tone igniting an extended verse of, “Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!” Before she realized it, she squirted in a much more rewarding reservoir this time directly across Tyson’s face. Still, he ate her without pause, darting his profiles from side-to-side like a dog shaking a toy. She became a screeching mess the longer he devoured her. A second flood forced out of her made her worry that she had peed on him. Slapping her ass with both hands Tyson Barnett threw her to his side and sat up quickly, shaking her juices off in splatters like that mimicked canine.

“Damn that was delicious.”

“Did I pee on you?” She pouted with uncertainty.

“Nope! You just learned what your body was hiding from you is all. Squirting is good Maria. Cleanses your soul.”

“So, I did good?”

“You did AWESOME!” He looks down at the massive stains on his red shirt, “I better go change. Hell, I think I need to shower again too.”

“We could shower together.” She sheepishly smiled, needy all of a sudden to be cuddled. Her stuffed giraffe was standing by if Tyson decided against it.

“Why the hell not.” He got up from the bed and disrobed completely before looking back at her watching him. Slapping his palms together he snapped, “What are you waiting for? Go get the water hot.”

Rolling out of her bed she skipped like a young girl to the bathroom. Admiring her heart shaped derrière, he had to growl and grip his dick. “I’m so going to fuck that little bitch.” Not today! Soon enough! Their shower together was merely sharing the experience, Tyson washing her, Maria washing him. All he knew was he was going to need more time with her later, his dick just would not go down. Thoughts of her mother Esperanza only kept his manhood inspired.

After drying one another off Tyson took her by the hand to his room next door and he got dressed. Letting her air dry he finally tossed two boxes on his bed from underneath the frame where they were stashed. “Matty knew your sizes.” Happy to get presents she opened her boots and found cute socks with them. They were more leather moccasin style boots with fringe for comfort, Maria never wearing boots before today they would be more comfortable. Those socks cute, ruffled bobby style she worried those too might harm her. Convinced that little amount was nothing to sweat over she liked them on her. Cutesy! Helping her put the boots on she stood up and got a feel of walking in them. Loving them she raced into his arms for a tight hug.

“I love my boots. Will they not hurt me?”

“Short term! Docs say suede boots like those can be worn a couple four hours before a gal starts aching. You only wear these outside the house. Understood? You can wear them from the house but the second you come in they come off. Let’s not risk having to call a doctor out here to care for you. Daddy would never let us boys hear the end of it if we ruined his honeymoon over you being in a hospital.”

“Okay. I don’t ever want to be sick.”

He lifts the lid off of her hat box and lets her pluck it from its home. Nearly putting it on backwards Tyson took it from her and placed it on her head the correct way, moving her damp locks so she looked adorable. It fit perfectly. Matthew the Profiler knew his craft well. Taking her to his dresser mirror she took a good look at herself and grew giddy. “I am a cowgirl.”

“Soon to be a cow woman. Let’s get moving, the horses have probably given up on us.”

“I’ve never been nakie outside before.”

“First time for everything. Piggyback ride?”

“Yes!!” Bubbly, she jumps up on his bed to enable her to climb on his back. Feeling her breasts crush into his shoulders Tyson had to seal his eyelids and keep calm. He really wanted to toss her back on his bed and fuck her blind. Her childlike exuberance was tough to ignore. “Hold on tight Baby Sister.”

“I will Brother.”

Leaving the bedroom, he carried her downstairs to the kitchen. Letting her reach out to a swinging banana bin she took six and carried them as he left the house. A bag of carrots on the counter her hands were full. Feeling the Texas heat on her flesh she giggled, “It feels funny to be nakie in the sun.”

“Hope you don’t sunburn easy. Golden skin like yours should keep you safe unless we keep you out too long. We have oil in our buggy for the ride just in case.” Hearing a rumble behind them Tyson turns to see his brother Wiley pulling up in a four-wheel drive dune buggy.

“Anyone need a lift to the stables?”

“Only a two-seater Coyote.” Tyson scowls lowering his rider to the ground.

“Buckle her in on your lap.” Plan all along!

Puckering Tyson decided it was safe enough and climbed in first. Taking her food items, he put them behind the seat out of the way. Palm patting his crotch he looked at Maria and said, “Climb on.” Eager to join them she crawled in with Tyson’s assist and nestled her cute ass right over his tortured erection. Buckling them in Wiley looked over at Maria and pinched her nipple. Awestruck she giggled, “Why did you do that?”

“Because I can. Right?”

“Yes. You may.” Discomfort immediate she unbuckled Tyson and turned to face him, knees wide to shadow his hips. A troubled look in his eye Tyson found her hugging his neckline and smothering his chest with her own. “I like sitting this way more.”

You can’t see where we’re going?” Tyson chuckled. “Fine!” Buckled back up he rubbed her back and held her tightly to him as if an infant. Her wet pussy on his tented crotch he knew the bumpy ride was going to aggravate her clit. Heck yeah!

“Hold on to your hat Lil’ Sis.” With a screeching of tires Wiley sent his buggy into motion, once outside the walls of Longhorn Manor he hit the ground at full speed. Off road that is. Jostling her around in Tyson’s lap Tyson gripped her by the ass, intentionally making her hop up and down on his inseam. Squeals heard she laughed right along with her new brothers. Holding her to him he nuzzled her neckline, kissing her shoulder making the ride worth every octane. Left profile on Tyson’s shoulder Maria shared a worried gaze at Wiley for his driving skills. She had never ever been in a vehicle like this. Barely any vehicle her entire life. Only Oscar’s plane, their limo, and taxis in Cartagena when Oscar took, she and her mother shopping. The world was so very exciting. Laying into Tyson, his grip on her back and ass cheek snug, she held her hat while fearing the breeze might take it away. For ten long minutes they turbulently crossed rough terrain, her moans loud and clear due to her pussy smothered over Tyson’s big boy bugles until coming up over a hilltop. Stopping cold in a cloud of dust Tyson paused Wiley and unhooked his seatbelt to force Maria to face the road ahead. Once settled back properly and buckled up Maria got her first look at the Barnett horses in a massive corral, multiple barns spread out along the desert floor.

“There are so many.”

“Sixty-five last count. Couple new colts.” Tyson pointed out. “Head on down Coyote. Godiva here needs to feed some carrots.”

“Do horses like bananas?” Wiley did recall the bananas Tyson tucked behind his seat, like big yellow dicks ready to penetrate. His mind was always in the gutter. In his own wicked mind, he recalled the girl band Bananarama chuckling as he hit the gas. He would love to Ramabanana up inside the little Princess. As Tyson convinced her carrots were the food of choice for the thoroughbreds in the barn she relaxed. Chiquita was for the riders.

Fishtailing to a stop down at the bottom of the hill the buggy lurched a bit then found its tires back on the ground. Tyson looked over at his brother, “Are you just plain stupid?”

“We got here safe, didn’t we?” He whipped his tank top off and reached behind him for his own cowboy hat. Wiley wore white and blue jeans. As the brothers climbed out Maria grew suddenly shy. Strange men were pouring out of the barn and admiring their visitors. Six men, two Hispanic like Maria discovered her hiding behind Tyson. Tyson tipped his hat at the locals.

“Finally made it Clint. Horses saddled up?”

“Buckshot, Cortez, and Betsy all rearing to go.” Clint the eldest at 55 grinned at Maria, “It’s alright! Nobody here is going to hurt you. We like our paychecks too much.” His friendliness helped but it took Tyson to step behind her and offer them a full-frontal nudity of the hottest kid around to get the men drooling. She tried to move back behind Tyson, but he wouldn’t let her.

“Will you relax? I won’t let anyone treat you badly. The boys here just like what they see. A real woman shows off what she’s got. Take a deep breath and wiggle on over there and give Clint a hug.”

“Please don’t make me.”

“Get over your shyness. Do as I tell you, Maria.”

Whining she takes her first step as Tyson steals her retrieved bananas away to free up her hands. Covering herself blushing she reached Clint and looked up at him with puppy dog, or better yet prairie dog eyes. With gentle hands Clint lowered her arms and admired her tits. “You’re beautiful Miss Maria. Welcome to the family.” She hesitantly accepts his hug and feels him rub her back caringly. If she could only see him mouth the words, “Fucking this.” toward Wiley and Tyson she would worry more than she already was. Still, although admitting his lust he kept things calm. Letting her peel away from him, Clint placed a hand on her shoulder and introduced the others. “Left to right, that there is Loomis. Miguel, Paco, George, and Billy. Fellas? This pretty little thing is Maria. Oscar’s new stepdaughter. Be gentlemen and tell her hello.” As one they waved at her. She whimpered regardless, trembling heavily at so many unknowns. This was by far the most men she had ever been amongst in her entire life. Naive or not she knew a lustful gaze.

“You want to go meet Betsy?” Clint invited her toward the barn with a polite gentleman’s touch to the middle of her back. Nodding shyly, she let him take her hand and lead her toward the barn entrance. Behind her the other stable workers gripped their crotches just to show off. The Barnett brothers grinned but pointed at the hired help to behave. A long talk with Clint yesterday Matthew Barnett had made these arrangements, filled him in and trusted him to set his crew straight. Their jobs counted on their following orders to the T. If given the word poor sweet Maria would face the inevitable, but that word had to come from a Barnett. A HUGE gamble it was not freaking out Baby Sis but worth it to see her evolve. It was not in the playing cards today. Pokerfaced at best! Hired hands indeed! Shuffle! Shuffle! Shuffle!

Time for Baby Sister to Giddy Up!
