Nathan slammed his way back into the clinic, the aborted meeting first and foremost on his mind. He strode directly to where Kate had been hooked into the machines, and unceremoniously yanked the IV line from her arm. He didn't care about the spray of blood from her arm, and he was tempted to just yank the damned ring out of her nose. He ignored the cleaning staff in the background as inconsequential; it didn't occur to him until later that there was never cleaning staff in the lab while sleepers were around. "What shit did you pull, bitch?" he snarled, grabbing her by the throat. She sputtered and tried to pry his hand from her throat, but she was unable to do anything. She was as helpless as a rag doll, and he shook her like one. "Who did you talk to? Who did you send after me?"

Kate sputtered, shaking her head and trying to breathe. Nathan dropped her and grabbed her by the hair. He dragged her to his office and threw her down. "Fucking bitch," he fumed. "After all the chances I gave you, overlooking your lack of references, this is how you repay me?"

She clutched at her throat, unable to do anything more than croak. She seemed more helpless than usual. That knowledge seemed to burn through his mind for a moment, but his anger pushed the thought away. He stood over her menacingly, certain that he could break her to pieces.

The door to his office opened. He looked up, face contorted in anger. "Someone better be dying!"

The man's face was stony and blank in a way that gave Nathan pause. It seemed almost familiar. "Yes, someone will be."

The room changed around Nathan, and he stared at the man, flabbergasted. "What the fuck?"

He smiled, but it seemed sinister and strange on his face, a ghoul's rictus grin. "You and I are going to have a chat, Nathan."

The man shot him in the head before he could react, but he woke somewhere else.

"Sit down," came a woman's voice behind him. It was falsely pleasant; Nathan found himself seated and chained to a chair, unable to move. "I suggest you do as he says," she told him in a soft tone. "I'm sure it'll be much easier that way."

The man in front of him smirked and sat down on a chair that didn't exist a moment before. Everything around Nathan was white and empty, and Nathan took in the man in khakis and a polo shirt. "Where do I know you from?"

The man didn't answer right away, his eyes instead tracking the woman. She had her hair left long and loose, and she wore well fitting jeans, a knit top and a yellow scarf tied around her neck for a splash of color. She sat down beside the man in khaki on another chair that didn't exist a moment before. "There. Now that we're all seated, we can get down to business." His sinister smile was back, and his eyes seemed cold and dead. Nathan suddenly had the feeling that he really and truly was going to die.

"I can pay you," Nathan said, his voice more sure than he felt. "Whatever you want, whatever you need, I can get it for you." The man in khaki flashed him a condescending smile. The woman with the scarf seemed almost pitying in her expression. Neither said a word, and he could tell it didn't affect them in the slightest. "We can be reasonable," Nathan said, trying again to negotiate. He was aware that he didn't have any kind of leverage, but he needed to feel some kind of comfort. Khaki and Scarf had their prices; everyone had a price, if you worked at them hard enough. He just had to figure out what it was.

Khaki leaned forward, soulless eyes locked to Nathan's. "What I want, you can't give me while you're still alive," he said, voice cold and firm. There would be no arguing with that, no matter how hard he tried. "But perhaps we can come to an understanding."

"What do you want?"

"Justice," Khaki said, lips stretching out into a wide grin. Scarf seemed as placid as ever.

"What the fuck are you talking about?"

"Shall I bring up a list?" Khaki asked, and a long scroll of parchment appeared in his hand. He started reading out names, and Nathan suddenly recognized them. They were the names of everyone he had ever fucked or battered or bruised or locked behind doors within her own mind. Even the Carduccis didn't care about the girls on that list.

"Did the Carduccis put you up to this?" Nathan stormed, teeth bared in anger. "I paid them! I paid them everything on time!"

Scarf wedged a gag into his mouth, and Khaki nodded his thanks at Scarf as he continued to read. Nathan wondered where his projections were. They should have been active. They should have been storming the three of them with guns and knives and bazookas. Hell, a fucking tank would be nice.

Looking around, though, Nathan suddenly realized that the world around him wasn't empty in the slightest. He was in a completely white room, but it wasn't a room. There were doors without handles or hinges, three or four of them on each of the walls that he could see. It seemed to be an octagon, judging by the shape of the walls he could see.

Scarf smiled at him sweetly. "We have a lot of time to get acquainted, Nathan. They won't be here for ages."

Khaki held a small paring knife in hand. "The first name on this list is Samantha Ellington. Why don't we talk about her? We'll get to everyone else in time."

Nathan didn't like the look in Khaki's eyes, or the serene expression on Scarf's face. Neither could bode very well for him. "I don't even remember that bitch!" Nathan snarled.

Shaking his head, Khaki came closer. "Tsk, tsk. It's not nice to lie, Nathan. Now, let's talk about Samantha."

It was only a minute before Nathan began to scream.
***
The picture of Ariadne was new. Her hair was strewn around her, and she was curled up in slacks, a blouse and a sweater on a beat up sofa. The wall behind it was blank, no indication of anything. There was no evidence of bruising on any visible skin in the photo, no sign that she was in distress. There was no sense that she had been killed and merely posed to look asleep. Her cheeks had a rosy hue, her lips were pursed as if about to speak and there was a slight smear of mascara on her upper eyelid.

Eames couldn't stop staring at the photo. She had been gone a month, and now the first contact that Ghost had made was with her mother. She sends her love.

It was formal, almost stilted language in the message, which matched the messages that Yusuf and Arthur had received from Ghost and GNMod on the forums. It made Eames wonder if their killer used English as a second language, or simply held himself aloof from the rest of humanity. Perhaps it was a bit of both.

"Hey."

Eames looked up as Yusuf approached. He was turning into a friend of sorts, much as Ariadne had. It lessened the sting of her absence, though it was still there. "Hey, mate. I thought you were going to spend time in the labs this afternoon," he said, putting all the loose sheets of paper back together on his desk.

Yusuf caught sight of Ariadne's photo but didn't comment. "Cobb's been a prick lately, just so you know."

"He never particularly seemed to like me."

"He thinks you're a shifty bastard," Yusuf replied flatly.

"Yeah, well. Can't say I've gone out of my way to make him like me."

Yusuf grinned. "I think he doesn't like what he can't control."

"That's me to a T, then. Can't control me in the least, as I don't even work on the same payroll." Yusuf nodded and pushed a small black box about the size of a woman's bracelet across the table. "Oh, you shouldn't have, Yusuf. I didn't get you anything." 
Snorting, Yusuf shook his head. "I thought you would find this interesting. It seems that Ariadne's mother is not the only one getting funky messages from our mutual antagonist."

Frowning, Eames opened the box. Inside the velvet lining was a smashed listening device. "Where's this from?"

"Fischer found it on his desk. Cobb got one, too."

"Holy fuck. The bloody bastard gets in here, too?"

"Taunting us, man," Yusuf agreed.

"He's too smart for his own good, then." Eames nodded decisively at Yusuf, standing. "There's security feeds all over this bleeding building. There has to be something to pinpoint when these were found and where he got in."

"The bad news, Fischer doesn't know when it might've been placed. He thought this was trash, and tossed it. I'm the one that pieced it together when Cobb was telling Miles about trash left in his office as a gift."

Eames gaped at Yusuf. "Did you tell them this?"

"They don't care about finding Ariadne," Yusuf told him, voice tight. "They care about finding the killer, and they don't even see when he's laughing at them."

"Fischer was last at his desk when?"

"Three days ago, maybe. He's been at the lab nonstop since then, and he's a fucking idiot."

Eames smirked. "Well, they can't all be me, you know."

Yusuf lofted an eyebrow at Eames. "Don't tell me you go under regularly."

For Queen and country and the right price, he thought darkly. "I meant that I don't treat you like shit," Eames said, keeping his voice light.

"Oh. Yeah, well, that's a given. They don't look at the guy with the chemistry set."

"They should. That better living through chemistry keeps them from puking their guts when the lines are pulled."

"I uh... I might've given military grade somnacin a few times," Yusuf admitted with a smile. "You know, when Cobb's being more of an asshole than he should."

Eames laughed outright. "You've just made my day, Yusuf. Heading out?" Yusuf nodded. Eames slid everything from his desk into his briefcase. "Lemme buy you a drink. We can talk more freely then. I can come back to look at security feeds. That shit'll bore you to tears."

"Just thinking about it bores me to tears," Yusuf agreed, standing.

There was something he was missing, Eames was sure of it. Taking the edge off might just allow him to realize what it was.
***
The bullpen was fairly empty when Eames returned to the Hoover building. He had asked for the building security tapes to be pulled for the past three days, and Saito had made sure everything would be waiting for him. Robert Fischer was waiting for him, a laptop in his hands. "To what do I owe this honor?" Eames asked, eyebrow raised.

"The AD mentioned that you were looking into the security here."

"Perhaps."

His lips were pressed into a thin line. "Look. I want this clear. I didn't mean to upset her as much as I did that day."

"I never said anything," Eames protested, shaking his head at Fischer.

"You didn't have to," Fischer snapped. "It was horrible but part of the setup. Cobb had said that his team understood what had to be done. I didn't..." He ran a hand through his hair, clearly agitated. "I'm not that type. I don't get off on hurting other people."

"Seems to be part of the requirement of getting involved in the VCU, isn't it?" Eames asked in arch tones.

"You'd be surprised," Fischer replied, shaking his head. "I was going to talk to her, to make it clear that it wasn't real. I never got that chance."

Eames took a deep breath. "Cobb didn't really tell you much about his team or what they usually do, did he?"

"Not a thing. Just that they're all professionals and would do whatever had to be done."

Eames smiled thinly at Fischer. "Well, he often goes pretty damn far. Not all of his agents can go through all the hoops he sets out. They drop out, one by one, and maybe one or two will follow him into limbo. The rest of us know better than to get involved in that kind of mess, because it's not going to end well."

"But you're not on his team anymore."

"No, I'm not. My assignment is still here, however."

"I'd like to help you."

"I think you've been a big enough help so far," Eames disagreed sternly. He started to unlock the door to his office when Fischer laid a hand on his arm to stop him. The stern look he shot Fischer had cut lesser men down to size, but Fischer did little more than hesitate before pulling back his hand. "What?"

"I want to help. I need to know that she's all right." He shook his head slightly when Eames opened his mouth to reply. "Look, I've been talking with Yusuf. I know he's a friend of hers. Whatever I did, I need to make up for it."

Pressing his lips together, Eames considered his options. He could spend all night going over the video, or he could split the difference with Fischer. Plus, Fischer still had Cobb's ear.

"Fine, then," Eames said with a slight nod. "I could probably use the help."
***
Ariadne opened her eyes smoothly. She felt nothing at all upon awakening. She knew this was real, that this was not another layer of dream. Sometimes with Arthur the edges of things grew blurred, but for the most part her ability to distinguish reality from dream was still active. At times it was almost disturbing; she should have always known what was real and what wasn't. It had been one of her most treasured abilities. It was a good thing she didn't need her totem, because Arthur hadn't returned her belongings, and the totem was on her keychain. If she didn't know better, she would think it was deliberate. She turned to look at Arthur, who was just coming awake beside her. Reaching out, she grasped his hand tightly in hers. "Doing okay?" he asked her quietly. She nodded, though her heart pounded in her chest and some part of her wanted to launch out of the chair and run.

He disengaged their leads from the PASIV, leaving Nathan under sedation. He would be tortured by his own projections at this point, and would caught in the middle of a nightmare he couldn't wake from. Arthur knelt beside Ariadne. Stroking her hair gently, he pressed his lips against her forehead. "This isn't easy for you. I'm sorry."

"It's not your fault."

"No, but I'm sorry anyway. It's not always a pleasant thing that I do."

And he had done this at least fifteen times that the FBI knew about, if not more. "Does it get easier for you?" she whispered.

"Yes and no," Arthur admitted, still stroking her hair. "It's always a surprise mentally, even if I have a protocol by now."

"How could it get easier?"

"I think about those girls he attacked. They don't have to be afraid of him anymore. It's one more predator gone from the streets."

Ariadne let her eyes slide shut. "I need to take a shower," she whispered, shivering. She could imagine the blood on her hands, slick and warm, the feel of the serrated knife in her hands. She had known that it wasn't real as she had made the cuts, but that didn't excuse her behavior. What had she gotten herself into?

"I'll come with you."

She thought of protesting, but that would have taken energy she didn't want to spend. Didn't he trust her yet? Hadn't she already proven to him that she was worthy of his trust? Sometimes it felt as if he kept watching her, waiting for her to make a mistake.

They were in a dingy abandoned warehouse, and she had seen for herself how methodical he had been in picking out the area and keeping the area scrupulously clean of forensic evidence. He was just as methodical in soaping her up when they returned to the motel room he had obtained, making sure the suds were thick on her hands and arms. He scrubbed her hands almost raw before washing them off. Ariadne leaned into his body and sobbed. Arthur simply held her, letting the water fall down over them. "I'm here, Ariadne," he said, running his hands down across her back. "You're not alone in this. You're not a monster."

Holding on tightly, Ariadne just kept crying. Wasn't that the pot calling the kettle black? How was she any better than the targets? How was she any different from any of the people she had hunted? Arthur held her, hands running over her as he kept repeating that she wasn't alone, he wouldn't leave her, he would make sure everything was all right. He had his mouth hot and open against her skin, and she could only hold on for dear life. Arthur pinned her to the wall and nudged her thighs open with his knee. Ariadne still felt numb, as if she wasn't herself any longer. This was real, though. She knew this was, with the same certainty that she always had. Arthur made her come apart in his hands, his teeth over her pulse. The water had gone cold at this point, and Arthur turned it off. He grasped her face in his hands and kissed her, long and hard and desperate. "I'm with you, Ariadne," he repeated.

"I'm no better than you are," she gasped, eyes focusing on his face. "No better than they are."

"I've always said we're the same," he murmured, thumb running across her lips. "But we are better than they are. They take people and turn them to victims. They keep going, never stopping, never caring who they hurt. We care. We don't do this for fun. Did you see me laughing in there?" Ariadne shook her head mutely. "I have to do this, but I don't want to. I know you don't want to, either. We're not monsters, Ariadne. There's no other way for those victims to get justice, don't you see?"

"I made him bleed."

"In a dream."

"He still bled."

Arthur pushed her wet hair away from her face. "In a dream, Ariadne. I won't ever make you cross that line for real." He didn't feel the need to mention that she had offered to help first, that she had been the one to ask for the blade. It would only make her pull away now, no matter how much it had pleased him to have her ask to participate. "I told you. I don't want you hurt." He started layering kisses over her face, holding her tightly against him. "I'll go in alone next time, if it bothers you so much. You can watch over me while we sleep."

Ariadne shook her head. "No. I can't leave you alone like that. I can't abandon you."

He smiled against her neck. "You'd still be with me. I'd know it, even if asleep."

"I'm going to stay with you." She slid one bare leg against his, rubbing softly. "I promise."

"Good girl," he murmured against her pulse. He scraped the skin gently with his teeth. "Remember, you don't have to do anything. You don't have to feel obligated to help." She shivered hard in his arms and he pulled back to kiss her forehead again. "Come on. Let's get you warmed up."

He dried her off carefully, and she wrapped her hair in a towel. Ariadne rubbed at her eyes and seemed listless. Arthur laid down on the bed and gestured for her to lay down beside him. She did so, curling around his side and holding onto him tightly. Arthur stroked her arm gently, carefully, simply holding her. It would take time for her to adjust to the idea of this, to realize that she wasn't as horrible as she feared she was. She had been trained that mind crime was horrific, was tantamount to rape against defenseless victims. On some level it was, but this was the only way these perpetrators would ever get punished. She had come so far in such a short time, and it had taken only the smallest of nudges.

"Sometimes I wish I'd never met you," Ariadne whispered, looking up at him with wide eyes and a vulnerable expression.

Arthur's heart lurched painfully. "And other times?"

"I wish I'd met you first, before the FBI."

He ran his fingers over the curve of her cheek. "Me, too." He gave her a soft, pained smile. "I've been lonely for a long time, Ariadne."

"Me, too."

Arthur held her tightly in his arms when she settled down over his chest again. He wasn't about to lose her.
***
***