                                    SMUGGLERS BLUES (AND BROWNS)


This story contains the following adult content: M/F, F/F, Anal, toys, consensual/non-
consensual sex.  You mus be over the age of 18 to read this.  If you are not, or do not 
enjoy this kind of material, do not read further.

THIS STORY IS A WORK OF FICTION.  Any resemblance to any person, living or 
dead, is entirely a coincidence.

CH 2

	A couple of weeks went by.  I was beginning to think it might have been a bad 
dream.  Then, I got an e-mail from her while I was in Madrid.  "A delivery for you.  
Passenger with credit card embossed "Jim Brady" will buy a drink & give you a cash tip 
which will enclose instructions."  

	In transit to JFK, the card was given me by a handsome blond man of obvious 
Norse descent.  "Aft lav.  15."  When I finished my drink round, I moved into an empty 
loo in the back of the cabin, just aft of my station.  Fortunately, I had the aft galley solo 
on this flight, so the others wouldn't notice.  He noted which one I was moving into, like 
he was just ogling me, just like every other man on the flight.  A couple of minutes later, 
there was an almost inaudible tap on the door.  I let him squeeze in with me.  "Hi." 
"Hello yourself, gorgeous.  Scarlet said you were a knockout."  "What am I supposed to 
do?"  He produced a knotted rubber, which was full of diamonds.  "Just carry these 
through customs."  I was to be a mule.  No surprise.  "And just how am I...mmm!!" He 
gently clapped a hand over my mouth.  "In a way you'll LOVE! Shh... don't struggle...  
I'm not going to hurt you..." He bent me over the sink, caressing my round moons as he 
hiked up my skirt.  Then, he produced a pair of rubber gloves & a small jar of vaseline 
that had been secreted in the lav's trash bin.  Putting the gloves on, he pulled down my 
panties, smeared vaseline all over the rubber, & "!!!"  He stuffed the condom full of 
diamonds up my ass! "Mmm!!" "Shh... Quiet.  Discretion is a key word."  He produced a 
medium sized buttplug from a side pocket of his jacket.  He unwrapped it, smeared it 
with vaseline, & goosed it up my bum after the diamonds.  My bottom felt tight! And, 
that rubber full of gems felt wierd up there! "As you can tell, they're smooth.  Those are 
VERY high quality jewels.  I'd say you've got about a half-million dollars up your butt.  
Now, sweetness, listen up.  Just carry those diamonds through customs just like that.  Just 
act normally, & no one will suspect a thing.  Get caught... need I go on?" I shook my 
head.  "Once you're off, take those to Scarlet's place.  No strain, no pain.  Just carry them 
through like you don't have anything up there.  Run, or squeal... and you're dead.  Any 
questions?" I shook my head again.  "Good.  I know you'll do fine."  He peeked out the 
door.  "Coast is clear.  Been a pleasure." "Another time, maybe..." "I'd LOVE to spend 
some time in you.  Another time. Ta!" 

	As we debarked, I was sweating.  My knees were knocking, a thousand fears were 
running through my mind.  But, I got throught clean.  Relieved, I felt a tingle run through 
me.  I liked the feel of those diamonds rattling around up there.  

	At Scarlet's place, I evacuated the rubber of gems onto a towel.  "Nicely done," 
she said.  "Everything's that simple.  Now that you've passed your test, you'll be brought 
all the way in.  You'll know who's covering you, & who you'll be covering.  All the 
details.  Do a good job, & you'll make a bundle.  Now, for the payoff."  For my risk, I got 
5 G's, in cash.  "Not bad for just a few butterflies in your stomach.  We keep it safe.  
Here's how it works."  

	The ring I'd been inducted into brought in jewels, drugs, millions in bonds, cash, 
Kruggerands, the list went on & on.  To get them in, we of course carried them in our 
bodies.  The bigger items were becoming more possible, because, with new scanning 
technologies, putting powders or gems in condoms was risky because they could be 
spotted, not to mention physically unsafe if the condom broke.  The answer, which they 
were just starting to work on: BIG dildos, made of latex, plastic, or even metallic.  All of 
them were mass-market type dildos, either bought off the shelf & carefully hollowed out, 
or pre-made with hidden internal compartments for the cargo, or even put into the latex 
during the manufacturing process, all to fool the sensors.  The loaded dicks would be 
delivered anonymously to the hotel(s) during layovers, & carried aboard in personal 
luggage, as outgoing bags were never checked (in those days).  In flight, the carriers 
would insert their toys, either in their pussy or up their ass, depending on the toy's size & 
on personal preferences.  Me, from the get-go, I always got huge dildos, 5-6 inches wide, 
& a foot (or a little more) in length.  During the early days, they were always sizeable 
buttplugs, & then I graduated to larger & larger dicks, with training.  (I'll get to that...)
The larger ones, once I started carrying them, were either the type of large, hard plastic 
dildo that Scarlet had reamed me with that first night, 5" wide & 13" long, & then later, a 
LONG & THICK latex dong, 19" long by 4" wide, known in the dildo universe as the 
"rambone", which was modeled after a porn star by the name of John Rambone.  I 
couldn't get over there was REALLY a man out there that was THAT big!!!
The buttplugs had unseen hatches in the base, the big plastic dongs were half-hollow, & 
could have the suction cup base actually unscrew from the rest of the dick's body to load 
the cargo, the rambones were generally pre-made with the cargo.  Too bad, each rambone  
had to be destroyed after to get the cargo out, while the others were re-usable (in more 
ways than one!).  The ideas for cargo boles were many, & all were arousing.  Scarlet got 
to spend many humiliating (for me, anyway) nights (& days, too, depending on when 
we'd have time off at the same time, I needed LOTS of training to do THIS job!) training 
me to hold, & I do mean HOLD, big toys up my butt.  The first several weeks, while she 
broke me in, it was all in sizable buttplugs.  I didn't really care what the cargoes were, I 
concentrated on getting it up the ass up in the air & then on the payoff. 

	 I got over my fears about being busted by making up my mind that if they ever 
actually found the built-in merchandise, I'd say the contact forced me, or else.  I hoped I 
wouldn't have to, the contacts were (mostly) one of three different men, all three of them 
of such HANDSOME Norse descent: tall, muscled, tan, hairless bodies, blond hair & ice 
blue eyes.  It was always the same.  After a long flight, I'd be taking an hour's rest before 
descent.  We tried to have no more than a couple of couriers on each flight, so there 
wouldn't be noticeable absences from the cabins (among other reasons).  It was either in 
the aft or lower crew bunks, or occasionally in the can.  (I liked THAT; anal sex in a 
TINY toilet, hoping we wouldn't be heard).  The contact would check to be sure we had 
the merchandise.  We'd squirm in fun in the cramped space, he'd produce gloves & lubes 
he'd secreted earlier in the flight, make me bend over the sink, grease me up, & gag me.  
I'd watch in the mirror as he'd soooo... gently... slither his hardness up my bottom.  He'd 
tease & stroke my ass channel ecstatically, but oooohhhhh so slowly so I wouldn't cry 
out.  (If he started humping hard, a large part of the plane could hear!) Other times, he'd 
sit on the lid of the toilet seat, with his schlong sticking up rudely from his zipper.  I'd sit 
on it, facing him.  If I sat on him with my back to him, I'd either get carried away or the 
forward movement would pull him off the seat.  Then, when he'd come, he'd make me 
get out the toy, & then he'd grease it up heavily & push it into me... I loved when he'd 
firmly PUSHHH.... I'd dilate against his gentle but unrelenting pressure... widen... and 
the plug would flare into my greasy butthole.  After he'd leave, I'd clean up & put on 
rubber panties.  straighten myself up & go back to work.  I'd waddle around the cabin, 
grinding my buns together & looking VERY much like a fucked whore, going from lady-
like steps before I met the contact, to corncob-carrying shimmies; I'm surprised every 
passenger couldn't tell there was something up my ass (or at least, that there had been 
before!).  Then, I'd sit down for final approach & landing, & it would meaningfully assert 
itself as my buttocks made contact with the seat.  Then... landing... I'd feel like it was 
going to go all the way into me as the landing gear kissed concrete.  Afterward, I'd bump 
& grind all the way to the drop.  The first couple of weeks, I'd phone ahead to Scarlet's 
once I was on the way.  She'd have everything ready.

	She had a large room that I called either the playpen or the torture chamber, 
depending on my mood.  In there, she had a doctor's bench, a weightlifing bench (sans 
barbells) another queen-sized bed, square restraint frames (built both high & low), 
hydraulic lifting cranes, elastic suspension harnesses rigs for hanging from the ceiling, 
chains & restraining rods, not to mention an AMAZING selection of WIDE &/or LONG 
sex toys, along with penetration machines that could pound, spin, or both, in one hole or 
both.  When I'd arrive, I'd knock while no one was in the corridor, & she'd greet me with 
a smile, stark naked except for the dildo she'd strapped on, usually the big, hard, & 
bumpy she'd first used on me.  She'd lead me into the 'dungeon', make me don 
headphones & do a striptease for her, baring all & then teasing with the plug before she'd 
let me stop.  She'd watch me, & grease & lube her pole like she was a man stroking his 
meat.  Finally, when she was ready, she'd first direct me to a towel she'd laid on the floor 
by the stereo.  I'd squat & slowly puusshh... opening my fanny fuck-hole again as I shit 
the plug out.  Once it was evacuated, Scarlet wouldn't waste a second.  She'd be waiting 
right behind me, & she'd push me face down & cram her humongous dildo-cock up my 
cavernous, gaping asshole while I was still widely dilated.  She'd heatedly pump me for 
all she was worth until she tired, & then she'd just wrap herself around me & snuggle in, 
pushing that long, fat rod up my poopchute & making me hold it up there until she was 
ready to climb off me.  When she was ready to get up, she'd undo the harness from 
around her waist, rise, & watch to see how long it would take for me to forcibly eject that 
fake muscle missile.  The first week, I'd shit it out in moments.  She'd pull me up by the 
hair, & march me over to her meanest restraining system.  A heavy-gauge chain hung 
from the ceiling, and two locking rings were drilled into the floor four feet apart.  She'd 
bind my ankles into fur-lined, belted, heavy leather cuffs, ditto for my wrists.  She'd hook 
my wrists together behind my back, & then shackle my anklets to the locking rings in the 
floor.  Once my legs were spread apart, it was hard not to bend down at the waist.  When 
I did, she'd shackle my wrists to the hanging chain, rendering me immobile.  The only 
pose I could hold was bent over, with my holes waiting.  The bitch would move a sex 
piston up behind me, her favorite shitlog-jammer now mounted on it.  She'd turn it on, 
watch it penetrate my waiting hiney until that bole was all the way up me, & then turn the 
machine off when it was at maximum extension & I had a maximum insertion up my 
butt.  "If you're going to do this, Tracy, and you ARE; you're going to have to learn to 
hold it, and I mean HOLD it! It could conceivably be hours between insertion & removal, 
between the remainder of the flight, circling when it happens, descent, with all that sitting 
in your seat, landing, waiting in line at customs, & then the trip to the drop! You've got 
to be able to hold it in, keep it in, & enjoy it!" she'd hiss in my ear.  Then, she'd make me 
wait & just adapt to having that massive presence up my ass.  She'd put soundproof 
industrial earmuffs on my head, bind them in place with a leather & fuzz blindford, gag 
me with a ballgag, & leave me hanging on the mighty rod that was immovably pressed up 
my poopchute.  

	After the first week, when she was reasonably sure I could acommodate that 
monster without immediately expelling it, she taught me to ride it using a different 
restraining rig.  Instead of using the chains & the shaft of the hydraulic piston to keep me 
& it in place, she had an elastic suspension system.  How it worked... Four wide bands of 
super-strong material similar to bungee cords extended down from the ceiling, ending 
three feet from the floor.  At locking points at the ends of the bands, there were vacuum 
lock attachments that could hold a harness of myriad types, from ones like crossed 
'kiddie swings' to super supportive rubber underwear..  In the center of the harness could 
be put in ANY large size dildo that had a suction cup base.  She'd stuff that fave-rave 
monster of hers in there every time.  She'd put me in the harness, & lock it into the 
hanging elastic bungee cords.  The elastic rig would pull the harness, & the bole, up 
against me, pulling that ramrod up into my asshole.  I couldn't resist it if I wanted to.  She 
could tell how I was adapting by how I fought against the pressure of the mighty dick.  
After a couple of times doing that, I finally got the hang (pun intended) of letting it in & 
holding it in place without it being forcibly held in there.  The first couple of days, she'd 
keep my feet bound in the locking rings on the floor, so I wouldn't be pulled up.  As the 
elastic... pulled... ooowooff... urrgghh... DAMNNN it wants in!! Better learn to control it 
or it'll rip you open going up!! I loosened... slowwwlyyy... & it schlluuppped... leetttt 
gooo... OOOOWWWWOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!! That mighty rectal rocket shot home, 
banging against my anal g-spot... I just erupted everything from all my holes... pissing & 
cumming on the floor... shit & lube all over that dick up my ass... stuck between restraints 
& a FIRM pole... After I could manage letting that monster up my ass this way, I could 
ride it easily... I'd let it in gladly & milk it with my ass for all I was worth... after the 
second time doing that... she didn't restrain my ankles... and when that dick pried my 
open... climbed into my crappy channel... the elastic lifted me up... and that rectal rocket 
took me to the mooWOOOONNN!!! as it lifted me off the floor.  I hung there, suspended 
in the 'swing' with a monster cock up my ass... settled perfectly up my shithole... I leaned 
back a little to open myself... swung forward... I could swing back & forth... like a kid 
would, but a grown-up kid with a humongous dick up her ass! Ohhh.... it was... SOOO... 
GREATT... when I did that...  I loved how it lifted me up, filling my turd tunnel to it's 
very center as it opened my inner hole & knocked at my upper sphincter.  The elastic 
would pull me up... all I knew was that all dominating presence of the dildo up my ass, 
pulling me up by the stern, & coming ecstatically around it's all  encompassing 
impalement.  I gushed cum & peed, leaking all over the floor below.  I couldn't orgasm in 
my butt, I was so full.  I just dangled there, anally suspended.  When I got my head (and 
my hiney) around it's invasion, I loved swinging... I'd come again & again as I'd rock 
back & forth.  

	At the end of the second week, I'd mastered holding a wide dildo up my ass for 
four hours; so she made me sit on a 6" wide, 15" tall soft & pliant super dildo, rounded 
off with almost no 'head' to speak of.  It was so comfortable, so smooth & pliant that it 
could fill you completely & almost mold to your inner contours (almost).  GOD! What a 
gratifying bole that was.  When I could finally ride & then swing on IT, four weeks after 
beginning my anal training & twelve trips out & back carrying cargo in a wide buttplug,I 
was graduated to carrying bigger boles like the ones she'd spent the last month training 
me for, which enabled me to carry more in (in more ways than one!) and earn more per 
trip.  The next month, I went through the same process again, now learning to carry in a 
4" wide x 19" tall dildo called a 'rambone', like one modeled after a male pornstar.  I 
learned greasy, full of lube, high anal penetration,  taking that long monster missile up 
past my 's' curve & comfortably into my descending colon.  I worried a little about going 
around with something so long high up in my body for a couple of hours or more at a 
time, for a number of reasons.  So, par for the course, that was just the time when Scarlet 
introduced me... to her irrigator. 

 


