
Wall Street Pimp: Ball Games {Pan} (MF) pt. 03

By Pan

2004/09/23

Retirement often got boring for Max.  There was only so 
much he could do maintaining his rental properties, and his 
old friends on the Street were busy working most of the 
time.  He needed to either start a new business or find a 
distraction.  In only a week's time Max called Shannon for 
some distraction.  He wondered about Nina, but since she 
hadn't contacted him, he wasn't going to call her.  Nina 
had a boyfriend anyway, so it was better not to get 
involved in anything complicated.  Shannon on the other 
hand was uncomplicated.

Max was right the first night: Shannon grew up in 
California, and had a very laid back attitude.  She was up 
for any kind of partying Max wanted - but she asked for two 
hundred this time.  Two hundred was still a cheap price for 
the athletic blonde, and he could easily afford it.  He 
decided he wanted to go out to a nice restaurant, so he 
asked Shannon to dress up.

He picked her up the next night in his Cadillac XLR 
roadster.  She wore a short little black dress.  It was 
strapless with a pleated skirt.  Shannon looked 
astonishingly elegant given when they first met she was in 
sweaty workout clothes.  Her blonde hair was also done up 
showing off her neck.

"You look great," Max said.  "Just like a high class 
professional."

"Thanks, I like being high class, but I'm a call girl with 
only one client, so I don't think I qualify as a 
professional."

Shannon was uncomfortable at the restaurant.  She squirmed 
in her seat, had trouble using the array of silverware, and 
poked curiously at her artistic food.

"I'm sorry, Max," she said.  "I'm having a good time, but 
I'm a simple girl from the west coast.  I'm not use to this 
kind of treatment or place.  A burrito with a side of cock 
is enough to make me happy."

After dinner Max decided to do a one-eighty, and took 
Shannon to the baseball game that night.  She had a much 
better reaction when they approached the stadium.   She was 
so excited that she named the away team even before Max 
knew who it was.  She then rambled on about different 
players and their stats.

Shannon then gaped in awe when Max brought her to the 
executive booth his former company still had over home 
plate.  Some of his former partners were already at the 
game and immediately said hello to Max.  There were some 
clients there enjoying the game too, passing it off as a 
business meeting.  They were all men, and they all stared 
at Shannon.  They glanced up and down her long legs and at 
the cleavage she was showing.  Shannon didn't seem to 
notice.  She beamed back a warm smile at them, said hello 
when she was introduced, and ran to the window.  She leaned 
against the railing, bending over, to watch the players 
warm up.

Rodney Marcus, Max's former partner, and now second in 
command of Han Investments, gave Max the thumbs up.

"You old dog, you," Rodney said as Max sat next to him.  
"How'd you snag a young thing like that?"

"Maturity has its advantages, Rodney.  Plus I rent out to a 
lot of college students, so I get to meet more of them."

Rodney was older than Max, and had not kept himself fit, 
plus he had a wife.  Rodney mostly watched from the 
sidelines.

Around the sixth inning, Isiah, one of the younger fund 
managers, mid-thirties and African-American, whispered to 
Max.

"That's a fine piece of cunt you got there," Isiah said.  
"Don't you have a son that's almost as old as her?"

"Well he can get his own," Max chuckled back.

"Nice, old man.  Nice.  She looks like a fine fuck.  She 
looks fit too.  You could probably ride her all night."

"Varsity athlete.  You bet'cha."

The game was over quickly, with the Mets losing.  Shannon 
lectured Max with what they should have done to win while 
the executive box emptied out.  When the final person said 
goodbye, Shannon immediately went to the railing and bent 
over it.  She lifted her skirt and pulled down a pair of 
lacy panties.

"You want to come and do what every guy in this room wanted 
to do all night?" Shannon asked looking over her shoulder.

Max smiled and got up from his chair.  He unzipped his 
pants as he moved behind Shannon.  Shannon moved her 
fingers over her vagina.  She then tapped it a few times, 
arousing herself until her labia started to just glisten 
with moisture.  She then dug a finger into herself to self-
lubricate her pussy.  By the time Max pulled his boxers 
down, Shannon was already wet and ready.

Max grabbed her narrow waist and started pumping 
immediately.  Shannon put her hands against the glass for 
support.  Below on the field, some of the field crew looked 
up at them while they were cleaning up.  They were too far 
away to make any details, but they could see enough to see 
that a pretty blonde girl was getting banged from behind.  
They pumped, hollered, and cheered from right field.  
Shannon waved back and kissed the glass.

For five minutes Max thrusted into Shannon.  She began to 
moan quite loudly, and squirmed as her body began to 
climax.  When she came she screamed in pleasure and began 
to climb up the glass wall.  Max hadn't finished and held 
her down to continue penetrating her sensitive vagina.

"Oh god... oh god... stop, please stop," Shannon begged.

Max pulled out, and Shannon crumpled to her knees, arms 
resting on the railing.

"Shit, I'm sorry," she said.  "I usually orgasm during sex, 
but you're just too much.  I just can't last very long with 
you.  I'm sorry."

"That's okay," Max said picking her up from the floor.    
He led her back to the chairs and sat her down.  "It's 
still good.  I don't have to cum to have a good time."

"You're such a sweetie.  Just sit here and give me a 
second."

Max sat next to Shannon and she climbed into his lap.  They 
started to kiss as her hands went down to grab his penis 
and stroke it.  Max unzipped the back of her dress and 
pulled it down to fondle her swollen breasts.  She winced 
in pain at first, but then he switched to just brushing 
against them gently.

"Don't worry, babe," she whispered in his ear.  "I'm gonna 
give your cock its money's worth."

She then stood up and slipped her dress and panties off.  
Only in her high healed shoes, facing away from him, she 
sat down on his penis.

"Awe geez," she moaned.  "My pussy just loves you... I can 
almost climax again."

Shannon fought her own body, putting her head down to 
concentrate.  She pushed off on the arms of the chair and 
started to move up and down the cock inside her.  She bit 
her lip tightly to not let herself go and orgasm again.  
Max just ran his hands gently along her strong thighs.  
They flexed toned muscles as she propelled herself up and 
down.  After a dozen undulations, Shannon seemed to master 
her body, as she increased speed.  Max watched the sweating 
blonde groan though gritted teeth and determination as she 
pumped herself onto his penis.  His penis burned with heat 
and the slick wet fluids from inside Shannon's body.  Then 
his fluids shot up into her, and his body jerked from the 
force.

"There we go," Shannon said.  "Cream my pussy... ahhh... 
yes."

While Max was still stiff and still ejaculating, he grabbed 
Shannon across the waist, and made the last couple thrust 
extra forceful and deep.  Shannon then climaxed for the 
second time.

"Holy crap!  Ooooh.... umph!"

Max and Shannon took a few minutes to catch their breath.  
Then Max took the working girl home that night.  He paid 
her at her apartment entrance.

"Thanks, Max," she said.  "I had a good time.  Remember, 
call me if you want to party again.  I'm up for it.  And I 
think I'm getting better."

"You don't need to get any better."

Max was ready to get some work done the next day.



