Z is for Zeus  part 2


Looking down at the hapless Smallwood I realized that her
previous secluded life as the testy professor did not exactly
fill my wishes. As she rested, I used my new skills to enter her
mind and probe her thoughts. I found acquiring a persons
knowledge was easy, but learning their emotions was a bit more
tasking. I reached in, looked at her experiences with men, and
found that while she had played that game, she had found more
fulfillments with other women. Smallwood was a lessie.Well that
explained a lot including her thoughts during our fucking. My
implementation of the thought to desire me had overridden her natural
fondness for the female form; indeed her own reactions to me had
confused her. Since I had decided to keep her, I would take some
measures to offset that confusion. However, her interests in
other women could be beneficial. As I described her she was a
fabulous bodied but maturing lady, what she was like in her youth
was something I would like to know more about. I decided there
and then to change both of our appearances to mask our original
identifies and allow us to pass through the world with more
freedom.

In her trancelike state, I bade her to stand. Looking at her
already magnificent figure, I turned back the clock for her. She
started to stand more upright; her skin became tighter and softer at
the same time. Her hair became rich and thicker. Her breasts
curved more upward, more pert. She had been a famously sexy
woman. As I peeled back, the years, back to a stunning 35, back
to a gorgeous 30 years old, back further through her twenties until she was
about 19. Her breasts were slightly smaller, but still full. Her
stomach was almost perfectly flat. Her hair was still to shoulder
length, but much richer. To this vision, I thought to do some
modifications. I reached into her mind and commanded her body to
remove the remaining softness around her mid-rift, leaving an
athletic look. I firmed up her ass cheeks, commanding them to
raise an inch higher that they had been. Then I turned my
attention to her breasts. They were firmer than before, but I
missed a bit of the size that they had grown to. Therefore, I
expanded them to a natural 38 D from her 36 C.

Then I turned my thoughts to her orifices, my enhanced cock would
now require a lot from a woman, so I expanded her womb to take
the length, and her cunt walls to be more flexible, but still
tight. I did likewise to her anus, so that her back passage would
be a friendly alternative for my rod. Finally, I reached into her
mind and removed her instinctive gagging reaction so that I could
fuck deep down into her throat whenever I desired.

Looking at my creation, I was indeed pleased, but I knew she
looked still too much like Smallwood. I therefore changed the
color of her eyes to a rich green, and lengthened her hair to
reach down in curls to her ass cheeks. I decided to increase her
tan to a dark olive, and make her lips show more pout than
before. She stood before me a perfect sex slave. My Athena as I
decided to call her. Reaching into her memory, I removed the
person Smallwood and replaced it with Athena. She was a willing
slave to my sexual desires.


In recognition that I too needed to be altered, I squared my face
producing a more handsome and strong look. My face was not unlike
that of Apollo, whose memory and skills were mine. I gave myself
piercing blue eyes, and thick black hair. My flesh altered to an
olive tan just one shade lighter than Athenas skin.

Looking at her new youthful body, I felt lust reach me again.
Therefore, I commanded her to wake up and come to me. To be
truthful once awoken she was already desirous of lovemaking. I
just instructed her a little and was rewarded to find her mouth
around my firm cock. Sucking and licking the tip, drinking the
pre-cum. Pressing her head so that her mouth and then neck
engorged my member. Then pulling out. All the while ensuring her
mouth teased and pleased me. Her right hand cupped my tender
balls, gentling massaging them. Her left hand on my buttocks
using her nails lightly to pull my pelvis towards her. I came
into her in a nice long gush, and she drank me in as if I was
spewing wine. Using the still wet dick, I turned her around and
placed my rod between her firm ass cheeks. I slapped her hard and
pulled the cheeks apart pushing my wet and erect penis towards
her little hole. I slowly pushed harder until my slippery helmet
was inside her. I could feel my organ pass her first and then
push pass her second ring. Her mind was crazy with lust. Fuck me
her mind screams, push in harder even if I split and bleed.

I obliged and stove inward with one hard stroke into her dark
tight ass. She moaned with pleasure and cursed with pain.
Sweating tickled down her back and she bucked and came. I slapped
her ass with my right hand, and pulled back her hair with the
left. I lent forward and kissed nearly bit her neck. She arched
around and took my mouth into hers. I nibbled her lip and rode
her anus hard. I moved my right hard and grabbed her new firm
breasts. I groped and pulled and played with them forcefully, as
I rode her more fiercely.and I came deep into her, thrusting and
cuming with such force it squirted out from her ass onto my legs.
As I gathered breath, Athena released herself from me. On her
hands and legs she licked my legs, my lap and then using her
mouth sucked clean my dick for her juices, my cum and her shit.
My sex slave was enjoying herself.

I conjured up a fountain and the two of us washed each other
down. Drying each other, I thought how Gods could do this
forever. Nevertheless, I knew that my powers would not last
for enternity if I did not have the adoration of the peoples. Gods need
prayer of others to sustain their powers. For Zeus and the others
the arrival of modern-thought had lead their followers to doubt
them. A God would find it harder to exist today as people were
even more skeptic. I needed to consider a course that would allow
me to subjugate the world as Zeus had once managed to do. I would
use all manner of modern techniques not available to my
forerunner to achieve this. As I formulated my plan, I dressed my
slave and myself for our return to the world from this cave.

For myself I chose a perfect cut white linen suit, with a pale
blue silk shirt and crocodile leather shoes and belt. I looked a
sophisticated, wealthy and powerful man. For Athena, I chose an
outright sexy outfit. I created a silk dress in ivory white. It
had gold chains around her neck holding the material so that it
draped down over her breasts, outlining perfectly her curves, the
nipples protruding through the slight material. The dress was
hung so that between the breasts it curved down past her navel,
past the line of her hips and dangerous close to her genital
area. Around at the back it was bare until it reached the
curvature of her ass, tantalizingly showing the top of her ass
cleavage. There were two slits either side of the dress so that
when she walked on her high-healed sandals, people would get a
maximum view of her shapely legs. Covering up, if that is the
word, her pussy was a thong made of pearls. When she walking they
moved up and down her clit and massaged her ass hole. She would be
aroused by the very act of movement.

We were ready to face the world, and I knew where to go. I
conjured an image of my university and we moved to it, leaving
the cave to return back to its original state, we arrived at the
gates to the campus. Initially we received stares lecherous and
jealous from the students, until I suggested in their minds to
ignore us. I then took the opportunity to reach out and find the
most brilliant physicists and psychologists amongst them. I found
6 brilliant students and a further 10 excellent professors. I
now implanted into their minds what I required of them. I
repeated this exercise in all the campuses in the state, and then
selected ones across the country and the world. My thoughts were
to develop a nanite capable of projecting a thought so strongly
that it would be impossible to fight. It would attach itself to
the glands producing enzymes. When my thought was projected, it
would reward the body with large doses of endorphins, giving the
same high that an athlete gets after exercise. In this way, it
would be simple to have the people revere me. This would take
time to develop, but with the worlds best working on it, I
expected results within a week.

Meantime, there was some fun to be had 
