***************
PART II

The long and exhausting night I spent with Jay didn't help me to sort through my confused feelings. Only the opposite. Rather, it opened a small crack in my oh-so-harish detachment and forced me to an unwanted confrontation with my inner fears, which I had diligently ignored for almost two years, banishing them as 'remnants of human weakness'.
Thiede had indoctrinated me well. He taught me that it was unharish to love because Wraeththu can achieve a higher level of spiritual and physical closeness through aruna. Well, I took this statement literally and I began to shut out whoever could raise even the slightest feelings of affection in me. I gave myself eagerly during aruna, I was considerate and helpful with my friends, but as soon as I realized that my heart beat a little faster for a particular har, or that my thoughts were wandering in a way I thought was not appropriate, I withdrew.
One morning, I realized I was all alone. I had still my friends, of course, my comrades, but their attitudes towards me had radically changed. So I channelled all my efforts and energies into the duties Thiede assigned me, and in my caste training. This cost me the last chance I still had: with Jay. The only one who, for some strange reason, hadn't deserted me. One night we were indulging in the most passionate, sensual aruna ever, and the day after I was begging Thiede to give me a long-term assignment. Wherever he wanted, as long as it was far from Jay. Why? Because Jay told me those infamous three words: "I love you".
So I fled.
Of course Thiede was delighted by my decision! He fed my ego with praises and my mind with promises. He told me that hara who indulge in love are doomed to an ordinary and unhappy life, that we were a new race, still improving our skills and potentials and that only the most strong-willed among us would survive to see the dawn of a new era. Of course I drank that bullshit like an unquestionable truth.
He made me his pupil, or, as Jay stated, his puppet. But, of course, , I was too blind and too daft to listen to anybody's advice.

Now, what finally opened my eyes to the distortion in Thiede's wicked plan, I still don't know. I think, looking at the boy had been in a way like looking at myself from the outside. And I didn't like what I saw. Even if moved by different reasons, we shared the same attitude: we cut the others out because it was easier to keep our feelings tamed. With that we became bitter, unhappy and lonely.
My motivations were simple or, at least, I thought they were in the beginning; I was told to do so, and I obeyed. But why did a human child have to act like that? Jay's passionate speech had given me a glimpse at the inside of the boy's life and silent desperation, and what I saw had touched a chord inside my heart that I believed long dead.
So, that morning while I studied into the mirror the reflection of Jay's warm shape on the mattress, I let my mind wander on past memories. I could clearly remember a pair of sad eyes gleaming with tears as a little hand slipped into mine. A growing feeling of tenderness began to warm my heart and this time I didn't chase it away, but I melted into it, sensing my own eyes burning for a strange sort of commotion.

That day, I went to Thiede, determined to see the boy so I could talk to him for just a while. What I got was an annoyed glare and a quick answer. Thiede said I could not see him before Harhune.
So I marched straight to Jay's quarters only to be dismissed with the promise that the boy was recovering well and that, yes, Jay would convey my apologies. I was dismissed with the promise that I would have seen the boy, Vaysh, in a week at least. 
I could do nothing but return to my duty.
During that never-ending week I began to see things I've never noticed before, or that I've never WANTED to notice. I began to look at the happy couples, chesnari they were called, who had committed to each other with a more or less formal ceremony that was not that far off from human weddings. Surprised, I realised that there was nothing wrong with them, the contrary in fact, they looked totally, utterly happy and fully in love. They didn't seem at all like the doomed and cursed creatures Thiede had so often talked about.

So, a question began to grow in my already troubled mind. Why, for Aghama sake, was I forbidden that happiness?
Then my training kicked in, and I quickly forgot the inappropriate doubts after numerous of bizarre requests by my 'employer'.

It was only after eight days, during the Harhune ceremony that I saw the boy again.
He was lying drugged and motionless on a sort of altar, surrounded by a silent and reverent crowd. He looked like a beautiful, inanimate doll. Naked. White and perfect like melted wax. One arm rested over his stomach, the other limp along his flank; legs parted and slightly bent. Long, wavy chestnut hair fell from over the lip of the altar, to almost touch the ground. If I didn't know he was unconscious, I would have believed he was dead.
All of a sudden I found myself pushing through the crowd, trying to reach him, to save him, to prevent the horror he was going to endure. He was so young and helpless! He couldn't survive all the pain; he would lose his mind, hurt himself and then... An iron grip fastened on my forearm and I turned frantically, ready to strike at my opponent, only to find myself held by Jay's serious but determined gaze.
"Don't, Ash." 
I tried to rebut but he just shook his head. 
"Just don't."
I jerked my arm away and with a furious stare I left the place. The last, vivid, image that haunted my mind for the following three nights was the red stain of blood along the boy's arm, where Thiede's ceremonial knife had began to cut the flesh.

***

I walked through the corridors; at that hour they were silent and empty. I paused for a while trying to catch an echo of the racking screams that had been haunting the halls over the last three days, but the only sounds I heard where the crickets' chirping and the fast and rhythmic pounding of my heart.
In the end, althaia was over. The boy had survived. 
Just once I dared to venture into that cursed area, but I had to stop, dead in my tracks at the base of the huge marble staircase, which led to the padded room, frozen there by the shrieks of pain and horror I heard. I just couldn't move. Memories of my own althaia were still painfully alive in me: the pain, the throbbing of the flesh, the nauseating pollutions, my fingers tearing piece of skin apart, streaks of blood, vomit and filth. A bottomless, never ending madness. I slumped onto a step with my hands frantically clamped over my ears, rocking back and forth until some caring soul helped me back to my quarters. I never left them again until Jay came to me. He was exhausted like I've never had seen before, but with a triumphant smile brightening his features. The transformation was over and the boy was alive; the following night I would join him and conclude his Inception with the initiation to aruna.

I paused in front of the door trying to bring my heartbeat back to a normal pace; my hands sweaty and slightly shaking. In spite of Jay's reassuring words, that it was no different from any other time, I knew it was very different indeed! I was expected to teach a newly incepted har the wonders of his new body and the magic of aruna; I would taste his mind and deepest thoughts and let him taste mine as well.
I knew the whole experience could have been frightening. But I was determined to do my best.
In a hidden corner of my heart, I was desperate for Vaysh's approval.
I entered a room that was dimly lit by candlelight and I let my eyes search the darkness, and, for a moment I thought nobody was in there. Then I turned toward the big bed in the far left corner of the room and I saw him, sitting in the middle of the mattress, with his legs curled up to his chest and his fists grasping the bed covers that were pulled up almost to his chin. I couldn't see his face because it was hidden behind a wondrous mass of wavy dark-copper hair. I approached the bed slowly, the wooden floor creaking under my bare feet. I sat on the edge, at a safe distance from him, and waited for a sign of recognition. 
"He didn't change my name," said a soft voice from under the hair. It took me a moment to realize what he was talking about and I couldn't suppress a smile.
"Vaysh is a beautiful name."
He raised his head and his strange honey-colored eyes finally met mine. I had to suck in a breath, trying to control my emotions: that face, that pale, perfect face where just a hint of tiredness still lingered to testify to the horrors of althaia was the face of the Lady I had seen in the portrait inside his old home. He had the same soft, creamy complexion, languid eyes and sensual, full lips that never seemed to smile. But, at the same time, there was more. The sharpness of his cheekbones, the straight nose, and his chin... they were typically masculine. 
And in the end I realized that all the different elements were so perfectly blended in what Thiede had always aimed for: the pure expression of androgyny.
A sudden rush of fire went straight to my groin and I thought that if I could not possess this alien creature then I'd lose my mind.
"Are... is it going to hurt... again?" Vaysh fearful voice brought me back to reality and I remembered the task I was assigned. 
"No, there is no pain in aruna. Just pleasure; and magic. A sharing of thoughts and minds."
I brushed a soft cheek with my thumb and smiled at him. He smiled back, tentatively, and I realized that it was the first time I had seen him smile. My heart skipped a beat.
"I'm sorry I lied to you about inception, that time in the desert. And I'm sorry I treated you so coldly in Thiede's office." I paused trying to sound more convincing, "It's just that... I didn't know what to do. I'm not very good at dealing with others." I spoke the truth, it was the best I could offer and it worked because he smiled at me again, this time less hesitantly.
"I know. Jay told me." 
I sent a silent blessing to my friend.
"Do you like Jay?" I asked conversationally, just to ease the tension that was palpable in him.
He nodded.
"I do. He is such a wonderful man... I mean, har..." We both burst out laughing and I decided that he had an enchanting laugh.
"Don't worry, it may be a bit difficult at the beginning, but you'll get accustomed very soon. What did Jay tell you about Wraeththu?"
Vaysh reflected for a while and, without realizing it, let go of the blanket. It slid off his shoulders. It was a huge effort not to eat him with my eyes. He closed his arms around his still bent legs and rested his chin on his knees.
"He told me so many things... some I already knew, some are totally new. I'm a bit confused but he told me that was quite normal, so..."
"Did he tell you about the change in your body?" I tried to bring the conversation close to the reason for my presence. Vaysh suddenly tensed and grasped the blanket pulling it up to cover his upper body. His face disappeared behind a cascade of hair. A not very pleasant suspicion began to creep inside my mind. I cleared my throat and tried to keep a professional tone.
"Vaysh... did you... have you already taken a look at yourself?" The cascade of hair waved in a negative way. Ok, diplomacy was not one of my best attitude. "Vaysh? Jay did tell you about your body, didn't he?"
A pair of frightened and very embarrassed eyes rose from behind his knees.
"Jay told me some... things. But I'm not sure I've understood what he was talking about. I thought I did, but maybe I didn't."
"What kind of... things?" 
"Like flowers. He talked for hours about flowers and the colours I will see when souls meet in an etheric dimension. Those things, you know..."
I shook my head in disbelief. What was I supposed to do now? I cursed Jay and his poetic soul and decided once again to follow my instinct. 
I rose from the bed and offered him a hand.
"Come, I want to show you something."
Vaysh looked at me like I'd gone totally mad, and he shook his head once again.
"Please... it's very important, and you are going to love it. I promise."
Without dropping his eyes, he shifted in the bed and, very slowly, put his feet on the floor. He then rose, never releasing the grip on his protective blanket. The first steps were still hesitant and I circled his waist with my arm to help him walk. Strangely, he didn't wince or push me away.
We crossed the large, creaky floor slowly until we stopped in front of a huge mirror, at the opposite end of the room. A bunch of scented candles lit the area.
With all the delicacy I was able to muster, I positioned Vaysh in front of me and encircled him with my arms. I watched our image as it was reflected in the mirror. Vaysh was smaller than I, and thinner, and his colours were almost the opposite of mine, but we presented an addictive contrast, like fire and ice. Even our limbs seemed to be entwined in a sort of artistic posture. He was now keeping his eyes closed and his head was turned to one side, so I could see his profile, his neck a long, sensual curve. I couldn't help but brush it with my lips, sensing a light shiver run through his body. I took the blanket with one hand and, slowly, pulled. There was some resistance at the beginning, then Vaysh released his hold and the satin fabric slithered over his body in a slow, sensual motion, pooling at his feet. I moved my finger over his naked arm: his skin was warm and soft, flawless.
"Open your eyes, Vaysh." Unconsciously, I had shifted into my commanding role and I spoke with a low, firm but persuasive tone.
Vaysh obeyed and I could see how his long lashes parted, while his head still remained turned to one side.
"Look at you. Look, you'll never forget this moment. Thiede was right, you are special." With that I took his chin and guided his head up.
I will never forget.
I will never forget the astonishment in his eyes, the look of pure amazement, and disbelief while he stared at his reflected image. 
I will never forget the perfect, uncanny body, still acerbic, like the one of a human teenage, yet sensually fully bloomed into its harish form. Long legs, narrow but soft hips, thin waist, pink, tender nipples. Even his features looked different: they were stronger, less childish. Especially his eyes; they had gained a depth that both fascinated and scared me.
At the core of such perfection, stood his ouana-lim, the most beautiful and exotic flower I'd ever seen: a pearly white orchid, with shades of purple and lilac and droplets of crimson like fresh blood over the snow.
"Oh my God, Ash!" There was a strong emotion in his voice; no trace of fear, or rejection.
"Wondrous, isn't it?" 
He nodded, without tearing his eyes from the mirror. My body was reacting fiercely to such beauty, and I could feel my own ouana-lim harden and throb with need. I moved my fingers along his body, barely touching his skin, skimming hot flesh, brushing his nipples with my thumbs until they swelled into hard, little nubs. I never released his gaze and I could see his eyes darkening to the colour of burnt earth. He licked his lips, slowly, sensually, and I wondered if he was really so innocent as I thought. When my hands rested over his groin, massaging the sensitive skin there, I could feel and see he was fully aroused. His colours were those of a sunset over an iced lake.
"There is more, isn't there?" He murmured in a dreamy, deep voice. I swallowed and nodded, fearing that my voice would betray my painful desire.
"Then show me."
We kneeled on the floor, in front of the mirror, and he pressed his back against my chest, while I helped him to part his legs. We interlaced our fingers and I guided his hands over his skin, slowly, brushing his inner thighs with feathered touches, until his soume-lam blossomed. This was the truth about Wraeththu magic. 
"Touch it." I whispered, never unlacing our fingers but wanting him to take the lead. And he did, first tentatively and then totally enraptured by the deluge of sensations he was experiencing for the first time in his life. His soume-lam was glistening for desire; I could see our fingers, drenched with fluids, brush the swollen, soft folds, moving slowly in and out. His moans were intoxicating while I pushed further inside, teasing, touching the first of his energy centres.
"Feel it, Vaysh. This is just the beginning. This is the most powerful, precious gift you can ever wish for: from here you can create life." I felt him shudder and I took his face in my free hand, compelling him to turn toward me and look me in the eyes. "Never underestimate this power. This is sacred." With that, I crushed my mouth against his, and we share breath for the first time, and all my knowledge, all my fears, all my dreams, all my life was his to taste , to look at, to dissect. I didn't leave a single spot hidden and when we parted I was on the verge of tears because it was something I had never let happen before. Now I knew there was no going back. Vaysh was staring at me with dazed eyes, his cheeks flushed and his lips parted and swollen.
"What was that?" he asked.
"Sharing of breath. The most intimate act that can occur between hara. The communion of experiences and thoughts. The most fascinating, and dangerous, insight you can ever have of someone else's true self."
He caressed my face with a tenderness that was heartbreaking. His eyes were deep pools of devotion and trust.
"I'm yours, Ashmael. I will never belong to anybody else until I die." 
And with that I was lost.

***

That night, the deepest meaning of aruna was finally revealed to me and I wondered if Thiede, for baying me to share communion like this with other hara, had a purpose. Had preserved me for this moment.
We touched the highest peaks of ecstasy, and Vaysh opened to me completely. I tasted his loneliness and pain, his fears and dreams, his desperate need for love, and I realized that I was ready to give him whatever he asked from me. Even my life.
We indulged in aruna all night long, without resting. He was ouana for me just once; the soume aspect was so strong in him that he eagerly offered it to me. I accepted his gift greedily and while he rode me, sweaty, with his wild hair stuck to his skin, and his nails digging into my shoulders, he was an apocalyptic sight and his inner power was so strong that made the air around us electric with released energy.
At dawn, we laid spent in each other arms, too tired even to tidy the mess we had made to Vaysh's bed. I felt his breath brushing rhythmically over my chest. He was sleeping peacefully, but I couldn't rest; I couldn't stop thinking about the magic of those past few hours, at the way he had changed my life. Definitively. But I was also worried about Thiede's plans for Vaysh. Vaysh WAS special, I had no doubts about that. The question was: what was my role in Thiede's scheme?

The answer came by chance the following night, while we were indulging in a hot, scented bath. Vaysh was resting between my legs, his head on my shoulder, our hands clasped over his belly; one that had became our favourite posture. We had been silent for a long time, simply enjoying our closeness, and then Vaysh spoke with a sleepy voice.
"You know, I'm so happy Thiede chose you."
I smiled. "For your initiation in aruna? Am I a good teacher?" I joked.
He moved and turned to me with a puzzled stare. "No, well, not just for that. Of course you are a great teacher. I'm talking about me and you being chesna."
Being chesna? Well, that was a piece of news indeed!
"Didn't... Thiede tell you?" The hurt in his voice was evident, but I couldn't help it, I shook my head. No, Thiede didn't tell me a damn shit. 
"Oh... I thought.... well, it doesn't matter what I thought. You are not obligated, you know? You-" I silenced him with a kiss. Not a sharing of breath, but a true kiss that took his breath away. When we parted, he was shocked and was looking at me with wide, astonished eyes.
"Stop saying nonsense! There is nothing I could wish more, I just was surprised Thiede didn't tell me. I will be honoured to be your chesnari, Vaysh, and to spend the rest of my life at your side." I was speaking the truth of course, I couldn't even begin to think about spending a single second of my life far from him. What I didn't tell him was that had I not been happy about Thiede's arrangement than I wouldn't have had any choice but to obey. 
Suddenly, Vaysh turned splashing water all over the floor, and straddled my hips and smiled his sweetest and happiest smile. Then he bent over me and returned the kiss with a passion that was pure, burning fire, melting away my conflicting emotions and the growing sense of unease.
In that very moment, I realized that I already belonged to him and that, perhaps, I always had. Forever.

The End