"Can we do it anyway?" Michael set them back upright, looking down at the strip of black fabric in Brian's hands. He had to make sure his mind switched gears before he really got himself worked up. 

"Tie you up?" Brian chuckled softly as he watched Michael's eyes try to change thought patterns from one kink to another.

"No. The 'blindfold' thing?"

"Somehow -- from the way you're looking at this material -- you want to use this during sex once I'm done playing with you." Brian grabbed Michael's hands and walked them back to stand near the cash register counter.

"Well, yeah... and it may help me to stomach the chance of that threesome."

"What would you have done had I not brought out the blindfold?" Brian didn't even ask, he simply hefted Michael to sit up on top of the glass surface of the counter. It gave them the perfect height for Brian's actions toward Michael. Hands locked about his waist, under the jacket and fingers twined together, he leaned forward.

Michael opened his legs, letting Brian fall against his chest. He caught him around the neck, playing with the back of the shaved hairline. "I was flipping between closing my eyes and holding on tight to you." He demonstrated this move and then the next one. "Or leaning our foreheads together and staring into your eyes until it's all over." Brown eyes stared dreamily into hazel.

"I was only going to use the blindfold for my purpose today, but you've actually given me a great idea." Brian was coming up with all sorts of uses for the blindfold during their night with Ben.

Foolproof games and teasings to show where Michael's heart lay.

"For the threesome?" Michael smirked, taking in a deep breath of courage. "Uh-oh... you're creative monster is back in full swing." He lowered his head to kiss Brian, knowing how much of a distraction he had been the past two days. To the point where Michael actually had to help Brian figure out a campaign for one of his clients he would be meeting with on Friday.

"Four days of carnal bliss with you... something was bound to wake up and turn on in me." Brian liked resting his head on Michael's shoulder, letting him take over.

"It's only been four days?! Christ! " Michael cupped Brian's chin lifting the head up for more kissing, nudging his face with Brian's cheek. “And I'm still craving you the same as I did when we were younger.”

"Thank God we waited, huh?" Brian whispered in Michael's ear, placing his brow on the dark hair.

"Yeah, maybe. I think it's more like... I'm tired of knowing I can't keep other men satisfied with just me."

"I have no idea what their problem is." Brian raised his head to look up at Michael, reaching out to smooth his hand on the soft jawline. "I've always been pretty darn satisfied. Weird thing is... I wasn't even getting the sex from you they were."

"I know, that is weird. And it wasn't like I went cold on them. I was still affectionate. I still loved them, Brian. I never stopped. One look at you and they knew I was lying. That we couldn't have been that platonic without at least trying to have sex together."

"We came close a few times, didn't we?" Brian pushed off Michael's body, grabbing the thighs under him.

"Yes. Did you wonder what kept stopping us?" Michael furrowed his brow in his own sweet wonder.

"Love -- too much of it." Brian let his hands slip further down, inside Michael's inner thighs. His thumbs were pushing toward the groin. "As if once we did fuck, we wouldn't be able to contain ourselves."

"And respect." Michael ran his fingers down Brian's face, running the backs of his hands over the flushed skin. "Can't forget how much we respect each other, not only as a person, but that we have separate lives we've lived. We can come together as a couple and still be our own person."

"I knew who and what I was to most men. How I hurt them before hurting me." Brian hovered an inch from Michael's lips, watching them, closely. "I couldn't chance hurting you... possibly losing you."

"I knew you knew how much I loved you, but that you feared what it could do if you actually had it. Yours alone."

"How did you do it?" Brian scrunched his brow in close scrutiny.

"Do what?" Michael raised one eyebrow in thought.

"Keep loving me despite everything that's happened?"

“I've never seen you the same way most men do. The way most people do.” Michael rested skin on skin, wherever his head hit. "I've always had faith in how great you really were. That you are somebody in this world because someone loves you despite all the negative energy flow." He smiled sheepishly, knowing he was the "someone" who loved Brian beyond any doubts.

Brian slid his hands up, down and around to Michael's backside, cupping the cheeks in the brushed brown denim. "I hate to sound corny here... but I've always felt I could have every success in the world in my career and none of it really mattering if I didn't have you."

Michael arched back, feeling Brian's hands massage his rear, quite deliciously. It reminded him of their last few nights together. He was still a bit sore from this morning, but it was a pleasant soreness. Still being able to "feel" Brian inside him. "Now that you have me... what does that feel like?" One arm secure about Brian's neck and upper back, he pulled him close to his chest. The other hand ran down Brian's body under the wool coat.

"I wish I had something witty to say. All I got is... I'm a success in your eyes, no matter what I do. I really don't need much else." Brian sucked in a sharp intake of breath as Michael slid his hand toward his crotch.

"I liked it." Michael jumped down from the counter onto his feet. "Didn't sound corny to me." He stood up on tip toes to press a solid kiss to Brian's open mouth.

"Thought you would." Brian snickered and smiled sweetly, knowing what Michael liked to hear.

Michael spun around, his back facing Brian. He positioned his head for Brian to reach his eyes. But he also made sure his body perfectly conformed to Brian's front.

"What are you doing?" Brian gulped quickly as he felt Michael's ass hit his groin.

"Blindfold me anyway. I feel like misbehaving." Michael reached a hand behind his shoulder to grab the side of Brian's head. He petted the cheek and down the neck, his fingers sliding down to catch the silk tie around Brian's throat.

Brian quickly whipped out the black silk from around his right hand. He hurriedly tied the material about Michael's head, blocking out his eyesight as best he could. "Michael... fuck... how could I still want you after all this time we've spent together?" He brought his hand up to splay his palm over Michael's lower abdomen, wanting to slip inside the brown denim.

"Easy. We've got fifteen years to catch up on some seriously hot fuckin'."

"Be honest." Brian lowered his head to breathe into Michael's ear. “Have you ever had any fantasies about us here?”

"I haven't had the store long enough..."

"Michael, please..." Brian nudged his face with Michael's hair, chuckling lightly.

"Yeah, you're right. I'm lying." Michael bent over to latch his hands on to the glass counter top. His backside high and ready for Brian to enter him, though he was clothed. "God, you feel good..."

Brian swiveled Michael to look at him with the blindfold on, bent in the same position. "Can you see?"

"No... but I can feel, touch and smell." Michael lifted up to lick down Brian's neck, not missing a spot. "... an' taste..." 

"And talk, too. But I can remedy that." Brian bent to snag Michael's lips, kissing him as thoroughly as possible, before he stepped back and stared. "Jesus..."

Michael moved his head from left to right, thinking something was wrong. "What?"

Brian dropped his head to Michael's chest. "My lunch plans flew out the window. You... your lips..." He tried to yank Michael's jacket off him as he was pinned to the counter.

Michael tried to reach up to touch his lips, afraid something was really wrong. "What about them?" Once he knew things were okay -- it was simply Brian's reaction -- he tentatively touched Brian's head, filtering his fingers through silky brown locks.

"You bit them..." Brian groaned, raising up to lay face to face with Michael, above the blindfold. "... your top teeth bit your bottom lip..." His finger touched the faint mark left on the pale skin. "... it reminded me of the other night, when I was, uh..."

Michael was giggling, because he could imagine what he looked like to his young tween to teenager customers, spreadeagled on his cashier's counter. "Yeah... go on..." It was almost a dare, inside, to see if they could be interrupted or not. The sign didn't say CLOSED and the door wasn't locked.

"I can't."

"Why not?"

"Because..." Brian was right on Michael's lips. "... I'd rather fuckin' show you." He jogged away to turn the locks on the door and flip over the sign to CLOSED, he flicked the interior lights off. The inside of the store was darkened, illuminated by the glass counter's inside halogen lights. Brian took off his long coat and scarf, laying them on a rack of comics. He returned to stand in front of Michael, watchful and waiting.

Michael slowly stood upright, sliding his jacket off his shoulders, making it a slight striptease. "Brian..." His voice was deep and breathy, his eyes directly on the shadowy shape of Brian. "Are you gonna fuck me... right here? In my store?"

Brian wondered how Michael could make his voice always sound so virginal, like he was innocent and naive. It turned him on when the tone was used. "I'm finding black blindfolds look sexy on you."

Michael let his jacket fall, his hands coming out to grip the counter behind him. He could feel his body quake with anticipation. "Holy... Christ... I'm hard..." He mewled on his own, as if his body was reacting to Brian's closeness, and words, without his control.

When Brian was a mere two inches in front of Michael, he lowered his hand to cup Michael's groin, feeling the hidden length pulsating. "Yes... you certainly are." He drew his hand away, hands moving behind his back. "C'mere..." His sultry voice commanded of Michael.

"But... I'm the one who can't see."

"Oh..." Brian turned to his left. "... I think you can..." Michael's head turned toward where Brian's voice came from. Brian turned to the right. "... if you try hard enough..." Michael swiveled to face the right where Brian was standing now.

"Condoms?" Michael begged, his heart feeling as if it was pumping out his chest.

"I have them in my coat pocket when we're ready."

"You bought a new box?" Michael chuckled lightly, his nerves picking up. Without feeling Brian's radiating heat, he felt alone. He didn't know how to tell him he needed him near.

"Well... my lunch plans did include sex, but I can't wait much longer for you."

"I wasn't really that hungry... for food..."

Brian snickered, his footsteps slow and deliberate. "I'm hungry for you, as well."

Michael wiped his sweaty palms on his pants. "There's a deli 'round the corner. One of us can venture out, later... scrounge up a picnic." He wanted to walk closer to Brian, but wasn't sure if he was going in the right direction.

"I'd like that." Brian took a look out the front window of the store. "Think anybody will peek?" He stopped where he was, finding that Michael's "sense" of him was keen. It took everything in him to not reach out and grab him to his body.

"We can go to the back office, if you're that worried."

"Once we hit the floor, I think we'll be okay."

"You'll have to be my eyes." Michael lifted his hand up, catching the soft silk of the very expensive tie he kept hearing brushing against the suit's material.

Brian closed his eyes, knowing his next words were never more true. "I'll be anything you want me to be."

Michael pulled himself toward Brian, discovering he was "playing" this blindfold game out to its fullest extent. So he circled the tall frame, making sure to not miss one spot on Brian's body. "Keep doing what you're doing. Never forget... you're mine now." He paused at Brian's back, shuffling up to mesh their bodies chest to back. "I don't share with anyone." He locked his arms about Brian's frame, imprisoning the arms inside, as well.

For being blindfolded, Michael was sure taking charge of this experience.

Brian bent his head, speaking over his shoulder. "Once Bruckner's out of the picture, we won't have to worry anymore about interlopers hanging over our shoulders, asking us to 'perform' for them."

Michael pulled off Brian's suit jacket, then undid the tie, working on down the buttons of his shirt. "What about Justin?"

Brian swallowed nervously as he felt Michael's fingernails scrape his bare chest. "What about him?" Had his voice really cracked like that?

"The other night at Babylon." Michael slid his hands down to undo Brian's belt and zipper. "Think it's finally over or will he show up on your doorstep one night?"

Brian tried to control his breathing as Michael let the suit trousers fall at his feet. The feeling of being naked in the manufactured warmth of the store, feeling Michael's clothed body behind him, brushing his naked skin... sent him into tiny fits of pleasure. "Uh... somehow he always knows when things are over. He knew there was a possibility I would no longer want him anymore." He slipped out of his shoes, kicking them away with his pants.

Michael walked the final curve around Brian, to end up in front of him. Blindfold staring at frantic hazel eyes. He gripped Brian's hips, fingers slipping under the elastic sides to tug down. "Do I have your permission to deal with him... should he not get the hint... any way I see fit?" He stepped forward, placing his cheek on Brian's upper chest.

Brian wasn't even sure if he could touch Michael's hair or not. He wanted to brush through the newly shorn locks, but when Michael became this passionate about the sex they were about to have... he felt powerless, yet safe. He watched the dark head lower to his nipple. "What... exactly, do you plan on doing?"

Michael smiled against the bare skin, chuckling as he licked the pert nub and blew on the nipple. "Don't worry." A trail of kisses connected the two breasts as Michael worked on the second nipple the same way. "I won't hurt him. I simply think he needs to hear the truth from me... concerning us." He let his lips trace down Brian's abdomen, on to the pelvic bone. He was about ready to land on his knees.

Brian didn't want Michael to "service" him. He cupped Michael's head to look up at him. "You think he won't listen to me?"

Michael licked and sucked at his own mouth, preparing to give Brian a seriously mood-altering blowjob. "Said it yourself, you've pushed him away plenty of times and he still won't go away."

Brian couldn't stand the suspense any longer. He dropped to his knees too. "It was only just sex... I swear." He kissed Michael deeply, fingers sifting through dark strands.

They were both on their knees, a sexual fervor for one another coursing through them. Off came Michael's suede Henley, then the dark brown t-shirt underneath. Next they yanked him out of his brown jeans and sneaker boots until both men were back on their knees, Michael still blindfolded. 

Brian couldn't stop caressing Michael's face. No other body part touching. Michael needed to know, simply out of curiosity. "I know Justin was just sex. But did you ever think of me with him? Call out my name?"

"Michael... you know I can't tell you that." Brian smiled, wrapping one arm about Michael's waist.

The time was close to start really fooling around.

"Why not?" Michael pouted, bottom lip jutting out so Brian could kiss it back in.

Brian did, then trailed over Michael's cheek and down his neck. "I'd be giving you too much ammunition to use against him."

"I wouldn't rub his nose in the truth -- too much." Michael taunted as he began to lay down on the makeshift bed of their clothing. He and Brian were still clad in their underwear.

Brian lowered himself over Michael. "Yeah... your lips are moving, but I know your eyes are twinkling mischief."

Michael untied the blindfold, peering one eye from beyond the black silk. "Brian... no fair... you peeked." He shrugged one shoulder. "I can figure this out on my own. Whether you tell me specifically or not."

"That's why I'm not admitting to anything."

"Fine. I'll get it out of you sooner or later. To appease my own mind. I'm satisfied with what I already know."

"Which is?" Brian smiled down at Michael, watching as the small hands deftly began to tie the blindfold now around his eyes. Then he was flipped over on his back.

Michael pinned Brian's wrists to the floor. "I'm here... and no one else is..."

Brian groaned out his instant shock of pleasure, feeling Michael's groin slam into his. "So true... valid point."

"Now... where were we?"

"Uh... this morning... you promised you'd show me this 'nifty trick' you can do with your tongue..."

"Oh, yeah. I did, didn't I?" Michael slid down Brian's body toward his crotch area, letting his fingers lag behind to leave permanent marks on fevered skin.

"Oh, Christ! Was one box enough?" Brian arched on the clothes, his head hitting hard wood as he felt Michael's teeth pull down the elastic band to seek what was always hidden beneath.

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

When Ben returned to the apartment, after leaving the college for the day, he could sense something was happening. Lukas' truck was now parked closer to the front entrance of the building. He must have found a place to stay, finally. Ben swung off his bike and stared longingly at the old beat up truck. It wasn't full of luggage or the surfboards Lukas carried with him. Ben hefted up the bike and trekked up the few flights of stairs to his apartment.

Upon entering, Ben was overwhelmed with the warmth that immediately hit him as he strolled over to hang his bike on the wall. For two days it had been like this... coming home to a well-cooked meal waiting for him to eat. He could smell food cooking. It was more than appealing to the senses, 'mostly mouthwatering' was the best description. Ben didn't even bother shuffling through the mail or checking his answering machine. He unlooped his satchel from around his neck and wandered toward the guest bedroom.

As usual the door was shut, but not fully closed. He knocked, opening the door anyway. What he saw made his heart stop. Total and complete darkness. No sign that anyone had been here. Not even one sign of Lukas. The bed was perfectly made, even the scent of cigarettes was gone. The bags were gone too. It was as if the room had never been occupied.

What in the world? What was going on? 

Ben paced backward, glancing over at the closed door to the master suite. His bedroom. He crossed the living room and couldn't help the smile that spread over his face. The last two nights, both men had tried to sleep separately again. First night was Lukas, not able to catch one wink of sleep, crawling under Ben's sheets to slide over. Ben welcomed him with open arms. The second night, Lukas was dozing quiet peacefully in the guest bedroom, Ben waiting for Lukas to show up. When he managed to fall asleep for two hours, waking up to a cold bed, Ben trekked out toward the bedroom Lukas was slumbering in. He climbed into what little space Lukas had left on the mattress and fell asleep curled in those strong arms.

They hadn't even discussed where Lukas would go if he did leave. Ben assumed Lukas was staying, but he hadn't expected this...

When Ben pushed open the door to the master suite, he found Lukas... unpacking. "Luke..." He sighed heavily, running shaking fingers through his hair.

Lukas glanced up, smirking. "Hey, hot stuff. I hope you don't mind. I think I found a new place to stay." He winked, knowing he may have scared the living daylights out of Ben.

Ben strolled further into the room. "Why? For three days now, you've had me worried, thinking you were leaving. I've been wracking my brain to think of some way to make you stay."

"So... now... you don't. How's that make you feel?" Lukas already knew, he could read it on Ben's face and in his eyes.

"Uh... dizzy... relieved... and content." Ben stepped to the end of the bed, grabbing a bed post. "I'm getting used to seeing your face every morning."

"Well... now it'll be right next to you on the pillow." Lukas put more items in his pile from his bag. "I really shouldn't make it more easy to catch me. But I'm exhausted, tired of running away. I don't feel like playing hard to get anymore. Both you and I now how much our time is limited here. Why waste it all waiting and wishing for what we know we already want?" He carried the pile over to Ben, transferring the things into his arms. "Speaking of time... I, uh... need to tend to dinner. Put these away in that drawer I have opened." He kissed and rubbed Ben's cheek, sliding him out of his lightweight suede jacket on the way out.

Ben was in a semi-trance and had to sit down. He had to let what was going on in his life sink in. Lukas... wasn't leaving. He was staying with him. Not only in the apartment, but in his bedroom. A big step and a loud admission of how committed Lukas was to their changing relationship. He quickly put the clothes away, shutting the drawer, slipping out into the kitchen. He loved watching Lukas do anything, he always made every action look effortless.

Ben recalled watching Lukas surf a few times in college, during Spring Break, down in Miami. Little local competitions, but it gave them money to "play" with while they were there.

"So..." Lukas was already dishing out the food on plates. He handed one to Ben with a fork and knife. "... how did your day go?" He followed Ben toward the table.

"Good... good... in between classes I worked on my thesis. I'm sure I finally got it figured out." Ben didn't know how to bring up the heated "talk" with Michael he had before lunch.

"What do you want to drink?"

"Water. Thanks." Ben stared down at his meal. Another one that looked delicious. "This smells great. What is it?"

"I modified some recipes in your froo-froo vegan cookbooks. They know what's important... which is flavor. But they're short on texture with taste. I've been doing that the past few days and you haven't died, so far." Lukas raised his eyebrow in wild wonder. He gave Ben his glass of water and brought himself a bottle of beer. "Well... that's cool about your thesis, Jamie. Maybe that means you can call off that second interview and--"

"That hasn't changed. It's still happening."

"Why?"

"Well, for one... the paper leads up to this moment. I can't back out now."

"What's the other reason?" Lukas assumed the most obvious of reasons. had something to do with Michael, himself.

"Michael called. He wanted to speak. He invited me to Red Cape. I thought he wanted to discuss us, but... all he wanted to do was break-up." Ben couldn't look at Lukas, knowing exactly what would be shining from his eyes. "Then he wanted to tell me he and Brian were agreeing to the interview. Michael made it clear... he wasn't agreeing to anything else."

Lukas tried not to choke, taking a sip of beer. "He broke up with you?" That's about the only thing in that long dialogue he liked hearing.

"Stop grinning." Ben grumbled, while taking his first bite of food. God... again, it tasted heavenly.

"No, really. I'm sorry. Boo hoo..." Lukas went to crank his hand near his tear ducts. "... and all that weepy shit. ButJamie, did you really think he could forgive you for something like this?" Lukas spread his cloth napkin over his lap.

"I wanted..." Ben shook his head, not knowing what he had expected, surely not what he got. "I hoped I could explain myself better."

"How? How can you possibly do that when you don't even understand this... infatuation you have with Brian?" Lukas liked the way Ben's face frowned at the word "infatuation".

"Luke, I'm not--" Ben paused, knowing how easily Lukas could twist whatever he said around to make it sound terrible to his ears. "I think I'm pretty clear on what I'm doing."

"No. No, you're not." Lukas shook his head, cutting into his food. "You're not, because you still don't see what's between them as viable and living, growing past you. That they love one another more than you can even fathom." He took a bite and chewed as he talked. "Maybe you can't see beyond your broken heart or your bruised ego, but... it's there, thriving without your help."

"I know Michael can love, but it's Brian who's suspect."

Lukas stared in absolute wonder and amazement. Ben just didn't "get" it. "You didn't see any of that when you filmed them for the first interview?"

"Well... I was still a bit jaded. I was kind of nervous, in and out of my head. Trying to remain objective and keep my mind focused." Ben closed his eyes recalling how difficult it was to not stare at the two men together, especially in bed.

"What about me?"

"What about you, Luke?" Ben furrowed his brow in puzzlement.

"Did you ever doubt I could love like Michael?"

"Baby... you're different." Ben reached out to touch Lukas' forearm on the table. He took a sip of water, ice cubes clanging around.

"Sure, yeah... but was there a question in your mind that I could love anyone? Even you?" Lukas gestured with his fork toward Ben's chest.

~~TBC...