Naked Sister 

The other day my older sister and I were off school on a fall day. We were home alone that day. My sister is 17 and I am 15 and as much as I hate to admit it, she’s a pretty attractive girl. She has brown hair and eyes, a small set of breasts and “the best ass in the school” as my friends always remind me. While 
she’s always been popular with guys around school, she’s never really had a 
serious boyfriend, but she likes to tease. Anyway on this day she had just got 
back from working out and had gotten in the shower. The window of my room is 
right across from the window of the bathroom. Since it was such a nice day out I had my window open and I was minding my own business when suddenly I heard my sister yelling my name. I looked out my window and saw her across the roof yelling out the bathroom window. 

“Jon the bathroom door is stuck can you come try to open it from the other side!” 

I obliged to her request and walked down the hallway to the bathroom. 

“Hold on, let me cover myself first!” She yelled through the door. 

After making sure she was covered I grabbed the handle of the door and began twisting it. The door wouldn’t budge. I spent about ten minutes trying everything I could think of to get the door open but nothing worked. Finally I gave up and told my sister there was nothing I could do. 

“Yes there is Jon! Just go to my room and bring me my clothes they’re all sitting on the bed.” 

Again, I obeyed her command and went and got her clothes. 

“How am I supposed to get you your clothes?” I asked 

“Just bring them across the roof.” She responded. 

So I walked back into my room and crawled out of the window with her clothes in hand. I walked nonchalantly across the roof but didn’t notice the leaves below me. I slipped and fell and slid off of the roof onto the ground below me. The drop was probably only about 12 feet but it still hurt. During the fall I must have thrown my sister’s clothes into the air behind me because they landed in our tree, up too high for either me or my sister to grab. 

“Oh my gosh, Jon are you alright!?” My sister shouted down at me. 

I told her I was fine and I would go inside and get her a new set of clothes. I walked to the front door but it was locked. I then tried the side, back and garage doors but all were closed. I couldn’t believe it. I went and told my sister the bad news. 

“Jon you have to find a way to get me clothes, my friends are going to be here in 20 minutes!” 

I sat and thought of ways to get back in the house but nothing came to me. There was only one way for her to get her clothes. 

“Chelsea!” I yelled up at her. “You’re going to have to crawl across the roof and get them yourself, there’s nothing I can do from down here!” 

“Jon I’m not doing that, all I’m wearing is a towel!” 

“Well then you’re gonna have to cancel your plans with your friends cause there’s no other way!” 

“Fine, but don’t look up my towel from down there! Keep your eyes on the road and tell me if anyone is coming.” 

I glanced up and saw my sister crawling out of the bathroom window in only a towel. I could only laugh at the how ridiculous the situation was. My sister was being very careful crossing the roof being sure not to repeat my mistake. 

“BEEEEEP! BEEEEEP!” Our neighbors drove by honking the horn. 

This startled my sister and she shrieked and slipped down on the roof slowly sliding off of it. Her towel had rolled up and she was hanging off the roof with her round, bare ass on full display to me. "Wow" is all I could say to that. 

“AHHHHH, JON HELP ME!!” 

Seeing the opportunity to see some of my sister I ran over and grabbed her legs. I looked up and to my thrill got some great shots between her legs. The towel still hid most of the front detail however. 

“Chelsea, you’ve got to let go and drop down here.” I told her. 

“Hell no! The towel is slipping off, Jon, do something!” 

I stepped on our railing to get a better grip on her. In doing so, I put my hands right on her ass. 

“JON!!!!! GET YOUR HANDS OFF OF THERE!!!” 

For the third time that day I obeyed her command and took my hands off of her. Not expecting this, she fell right out of her towel and onto the pavement below! There she was lying on the pavement bare naked with her legs spread eagle. I got a good 10 second close up view of my sister’s well trimmed snatch before she finally realized what happened. She moved both of her hands to cover her pussy and began standing up. This exposed her small, lively young titties to me. I must have been staring because she screamed, 

“DON’T LOOK JON I’M BARE NAKED!!!” 

“Oh really, Chelsea? I didn’t notice.” I responded sarcastically. 

“Gosh you’re such an asshole, you meant for that to happen!” She kept one hand over her vagina and began hitting me with the other one. Her titties (which had very puffy nipples I might add) were really bouncing around now. I couldn’t help but admire them. 

“Are you trying to see me naked!!” Chelsea screamed again after seeing what my eyes were watching. She crouched down on our porch desperately trying to hide her body from me. 

“Okay listen Chelsea, you can either sit here and pout, or you can do something about this before anyone else sees you.” I tried to calm her down. 

“Oh Sh*t!! My friends are coming soon!” She suddenly remembered. 

She got up and desperately began trying to open all of the windows in the front of our house. In doing so she gave me some great looks at her perfect ass bouncing around. I could see thong tan lines around her crack. Enjoying the show, I neglected to tell her that I already checked all of the windows. 

“Jon what am I going to do, this is so humiliating!” 

Just when I thought things couldn’t get better, they did. My sister’s friends pulled into the driveway and out came one girl and three guys! My sister immediately saw this and crouched down again. 

“Jon, tell them I had other stuff to do, tell them anything, just get them to leave!” She whispered at me. 

Her friends got out of the car and began walking toward the house. 

“Hey Jon, where’s your sister at she’s not picking up her phone.” The girl asked me. 

“I don’t know where she went, she left about ten minutes ago in a hurry.” I responded 

“Huh, I wonder where she went.” All four of them began walking back to the car. 

I glanced down and my sister and saw her sitting there covering her breasts, letting her kitty out to play again. She saw me staring at her pussy and gave me an evil look. She then painfully pinched me on my leg. That was enough, I thought to myself, after all I did for her? I wasn’t about to let this opportunity slip away. I grabbed her arms and pried them off her body into a full nelson hold. As shameful as it is to admit, I was rock hard at this point, getting tremendous feels of my buck naked sister. 

“WTF are you doing!!!? She whispered angrily at me. 

“Hey guys wait up!” I yelled at her friends. 

“What?” They responded. 

“You wanna see my sister naked?” I asked. They all got excited looks on their faces. 

“Jon, I swear, don’t do this there will be hell to pay!” 

“Too late Chels!” With that I pulled my sister out in to the open. With her arms in a full nelson lock she could no longer cover her exposed body. The guys’ jaws dropped at the site of my naked sister. She was fiercely trying to wrestle away from me but it was no use. 

“HAHA nice bare pussy down there!” One of the guys yelled 

"Ha, it's not bare though, I can see some short hairs!" Another responded 

“Hold on Jon, let me get my camera out!” The girl yelled. She dove into her purse and pulled out a digital camera. “Hold steady Chelsea.” She began snapping photos of my bare naked sister while the guys moved forward to get some closer looks. 

“What the hell guys!!!! Stop it, it’s not funny!!!!!” My sister continued to wrestle and scream at all of us. 

That’s when the real fun began. 

“Hey guys, I got an idea, let’s take her for a ride.” One of the guys suggested. 

“You know what, that is an excellent idea!” All four of them agreed and they even said I could go with them! 

The guys, looking to get cheap feels of my sister, jumped at the chance to help me get her in their SUV. All three of them put their hands all over her body while she continued to scream and wrestle ferociously. Once we finally got her in, the driver slowly pulled out of the driveway and took off down the road….. 

To be Continued? 
 



Naked Sister part 2 
 

As soon as the boys shut the door to the SUV my sister started going crazy. 

“What are you guys doing! Oh my gosh it’s not funny anymore, you’ve got your looks now let me go!” She was ferociously struggling against their holds. 

“Are we gonna have to tie you up Chels?” The other girl (Jessica) asked. 

“No!” My sister fired back. 

“Then you’re going to have to calm down.” Jessica said 

My sister finally settled down a little. She crossed her legs and placed her hands over her breasts to conceal her modesty. We drove for a little while down the road and the others asked each other where they should take my sister. 

“You know, I never did get any good pictures of her.” Jessica said with an evil grin spreading across her face. 

“Haha, we can definitely fix that now.” One of the guys replied. And with that each guy grabbed one of my sister’s arms and slowly pried them off her chest, exposing her perky titties again. 

“Oooooh now here’s some choice shots!” Jessica said as she snapped photos of my sister’s tits, which were sitting still now for the camera. 

“Jess, what the hell!” My sister screamed 

“Hey, remember when you pushed me naked out of my room in front of my brother and his friends? Well revenge is sweet.” Jessica responded. 

“Well they didn’t take pictures!” 

“Yeah well I wasn’t the one who exposed you in the first place.” She looked over at me “Jon spread her legs apart and let the camera see that kitty!” 

My sister gave me a stern look. I immediately felt ashamed at what I had done and looked away. Then out of nowhere my sister kicked me in the face! It hurt like hell and once again I let my anger get the best of me. 

“You know, you’re the one that keeps getting yourself in trouble Chelsea.” I grabbed one of her legs at the foot and pulled stretched it as far away from her squirming body as possible. One of the other guys was able to grab the other leg while still holding onto her arm. She was no completely spread eagled for the camera. Her hot little snatch was fully exposed. Jessica made sure to get some priceless shots of my sister’s pussy. 

“You know what, something’s still blocking the view.” One of the guys said 

“What’s that, I mean we can’t really expose her anymore.” Another asked 

“Oh, but we can.” Jessica responded. She reached in her purse and pulled out a little touch up razor! 

“OK NO! That’s pushing it too far! I swear I will go to the cops if you do this!” My sister was really struggling now. 

“You do realize in order to prove anything you’ll have to show the cops the pictures, you really want anyone but us seeing them?” The driver asked looking back. I kind of felt bad for him because he was missing the entire show. My sister gave a look of defeat. 

“Well I’ll do whatever it takes if you do this.” 

“No you won’t.” And with that Jessica turned on the razor and began shaving my sister’s pussy! After a couple of minutes the suv’s floor was littered with my sister’s pubes and my sister’s vagina was bald as a baby. 

“I can’t believe you guys, you’re such perverts. I swear I will get you all back for this!” My sister yelled at her friends. 

“Well that day may come Chels, but today is your time to shine and here’s your first audience!” The driver said. We all let go of my sister at once and moved to the front of the car to see who else was going to see my bare naked, newly shaven sister…. 
 



Naked Sister part 3

As we all looked out the window we saw a group of 3 young boys having a squirt gun fight in their front yard. The boys looked like they were in about 5th or 6th grade. 

“C’mon guys, not in front of them!” Chelsea was desperately hanging to the chair to prevent herself from being pushed out of the car naked. 

The driver rolled down the windows to the car. “Hey boys come here for a second.” 

The boys walked slowly toward the car with their guns in hand. “What?” They asked. 

“You guys ever see a naked girl?” The driver asked 

“Yeah, yeah, We’ve seen some on the computer before.” They responded enthusiastically. 

“Well have you ever seen one in person?” The driver asked as the guys in the back began grabbing hold of Chelsea, making sure to get some more cheap feels in, I noticed. 

“What, you mean like a fully grown girl?” The little boys asked curiously. 

“Yes, a fully grown girl.” 

“Well, no, not yet why?” 

“Would you like to see one?” The driver asked calmly. We had Chelsea ready at the door now. 

“Of course! But where are we gonna get to see one!?” The boys continued to look more and more excited. 

“Right here!” and with that we opened the door to the SUV and pushed Chelsea out. After she was fully out we slammed the door shut and locked all of them. Chelsea immediately turned toward the car before any of the boys could get a look at her front side. She began to desperately try to get in the car. 

“Whoahhh!” The boys shouts of glee and laughter were very loud as they all stared bug eyed at the naked girl in front of them. All three of their eyes were glued to her curvy ass. “Haha, nice bare butt!” With that comment my sister realized what was exposed to them and turned to face them with one hand tightly over her crotch and the other clinging hard to her small breasts – the classic naked embarrassed girl position. Meanwhile, Jessica pulled out her camera again making sure to get the boys’, and my sister’s priceless facial expressions. 

“Hey, tell her to move her hands we can’t see anything!” The boys complained. 

“Sorry, if I open the door she’ll be able to get inside and hide herself from you.” The driver said. 

“Move your hands girl!” The boys shouted at my sister 

“No, I’m not showing you brats anything!” My sister screamed back 

“SSSSSSSPPPPPPPPPLLLLLLLLLLSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHH” The boys starting squirting Chelsea with their squirt guns. As soon as the cold water hit her body, her hands moved from their protective areas to shield the water from her face. After seeing the overjoyed looks on the boys’ faces she quickly placed her hands back over her privates. 

“YES!!!” One of the boys shouted. “I saw her you-know-what!” 

“Yeah, Yeah I saw her boobies too!” Another said 

“No fair! I didn’t get to see her vagina!........I Wanna see it!” The third boy whined. He began pumping his gun again but my sister was ready for it, she turned again to face the car and pressed her body firmly against it. This gave us some great shots of her tits flattened against the window of the car. The guys in the car made licking gestures at her breasts and she gave them looks of disgust. The little boy began soaking her again with water and she jumped as the water touched her back. Her little puppies were bouncing all over the place now 

“Let……..ME……..SEE………YOUR……….CROTCH!” The third boy shot my sister with water between every word. She still refused to turn around. “Fine, if you don’t show it to me now I’m gonna squirt you in the butthole!” Chelsea gave a look of terror on her face. “ONE!...............TWO!................” 

“FINE YOU WANNA SEE IT YOU LITTLE PERV, HERE IT IS! Take a good look cuz you’ll probably never see it again!” Chelsea put both of her hands up in the air and turned around facing the boys. All three of their jaws dropped. None of them said a word, they just sat there staring at the buck naked girl in front of them. After about ten seconds Chelsea returned her hands to their spots turned toward us and said “There, happy guys now let me back in.” We opened the doors and let her back into the car. 

“Awww you’re all wet Chels!” The guys began drying her off with their shirts, once again making sure to get “accidental” feels of her breasts. None of them touched around her vagina though, I think it was because they were afraid. I thought this was funny after all they had already done to her. Jessica however was not afraid. 

“You guys have to dry her pussy too, it’s soaking wet!” She grabbed one of the guys shirts and began to gently rub around her triangle. My sister was squirming slightly as Jessica rubbed around her most sensitive area. “Oooooh it’s kinda slippery Chels, those boys weren’t exciting you were they?” 

“Shut up…..it is not” My sister said rather sheepishly. Her face was beet red at this point 

“Hey wait up!” One of the younger boys shouted. “I thought you were gonna show us a grown up girl?.......That girl didn’t even have pubic hairs yet!” All of us burst into laughter at this comment. Except Chelsea of course. She looked more embarrassed than ever. We took off down the road.... possibly for some more people to have some fun with……. 
Wednesday, March 12th 2008 - 01:10:10 PM


Naked Sister Conclusion

After driving a little more down the road Jessica spoke up again. 

“Alright guys, I think we’ve had our fun with her, we don’t wanna humiliate her too much do we?” 

“Yeah, I guess you’re right Jess, if too many people see her naked then I won’t feel as privileged.” The driver joked. He turned the car around and started heading back towards our house. 

“If you think taking me back to our house now is gonna save yourselves from revenge, you guys are dead wrong. I swear I will get every one of you back eventually.” Chelsea said. 

“Let’s not forget we still have the pictures Chels, a lot more people can see you naked if we so choose. So I advise you to be careful with your threats .” Jessica said. 

As we drove down the street behind our house we noticed and unusually large amount of cars parked on the road. 

“Ooooh looks like someone’s having a party……if you don’t wanna be the main entertainment piece of that party Chels, then you better promise you’re not going to do anything to us in revenge.” One of the guys said. 

“Fine, fine I won’t get you guys back, can you just please take me home. You guys seeing me naked was more than enough.” 

The car pulled into our driveway. The garage door was now open and it looked as if just our father was home. 

“Well Chels, just daddy’s left to dodge now. This is against my better judgment, but you’re free to go.” 
The driver opened up the door and Chelsea got out of it and began running into the garage. I followed after her after saying goodbye to Chelsea’s friends. The SUV pulled out of the driveway and honked the horn as it drove away down the road. Chelsea was standing in the garage covering herself, looking for some kind of protection. I threw her the only towel in the whole garage. It was the towel we used to work on the cars, and it was filthy. 

“I’m not putting this on, it’s filthy!” She whispered at me. 

“Fine, then let dad see your bald pussy and see how he reacts.” 

“O please, if he says anything, I’ll tell him the truth, he’s probably working in the back room anyway. I’ll be able to run in the house up to my room without him seeing me.” She said stubbornly. “But just in case, you go in first and tell me if the coast is clear.” 

“Alright.” I complied. I opened the door to the house and walked in. The entire house was deserted. “I don’t see him anywhere, c’mon.” She slowly followed behind me, still clutching her tits and vagina with her hands. Our house has a very large, open room right when you walk in. My sister and I had to make it all the way across this room because the only hallway branching off from it was at the back of the room. Slowly but surely we made our way into the room until we were about right in the middle of it. 

“SURPRISE!!!!!” About 50 people jumped out of nowhere into the room, all in front of us!! How had my sister and I had forgotten!!?? Our mom’s surprise birthday party was today. That’s what all those cars were parked behind the street for. Cameras were flashing everywhere, my sister and I couldn’t see a thing in front of us. I glanced over at her and saw her nails digging into her pussy and boobs because she was clutching them so hard. This was the most afraid she had been all day. 

“Wait a minute!!!” my aunt yelled. “That’s not Mary, it’s just Jon and……O MY WORD!” A bunch of people were pushing their way to the front to see what had startled my aunt. I saw my grandfathers, all seven of my uncles, my cousins, my father, everyone. Almost my whole family -- the people we celebrate holidays and birthdays and every other special occasion with – was standing in that room totally speechless staring at poor, bare naked Chelsea. Chelsea just sat there covering herself looking for a way out of this horrible mess. But there was no way out. She would have to fight her way through fifty people to get away. I glanced over to my oldest male cousin, who was a 23 year old videographer standing in the corner with his high tech video camera. The blinking red light was flashing on the camera. 

“Do you just let her run around naked all the time Chuck?” 
“I don’t believe girls these days… in my day……” 
“Mommy, Mommy why is Chelsea nakey?” 

“AAAHHHHHHHHHH! Chelsea let out a high pitched scream and slowly began backing up toward the garage. She didn’t want to turn and run for fear of exposing her ass to our closest family members. Hands were still clutched tightly to her privates. Then the garage door opened and my mother walked in. I disappeared into the crowd of family members because all hell was about to break loose. 

“WHAT THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING YOUNG LADY!!! My mother screamed at the top of her lungs. “PUT ON SOME CLOTHES RIGHT NOW!!!! She walked into the front of the room to meet my sister. “OH!” She let out a little shout of surprise when she saw the rest of the scene. 

“Surprise” Someone said quietly . My mother looked from my sister, to the family, then back to Chelsea again. 

“WELL WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU COVERING FOR!!?? IF YOU’RE GONNA BE NAKED, YOU MIGHT AS WELL SHOW IT OFF!” My mom screamed at my sister. I couldn’t believe it, I had never seen my mom this angry before. She moved over and grabbed Chelsea’s arms. Chelsea desperately tried to keep herself covered. 

“Mommy please!! Not in front of the family! It’s a misunderstanding!” Chelsea begged and pleaded. 

It was no use. After a about 20 seconds of struggling, my mom was able to pry Chelsea’s arms off her buck naked body and into the same full nelson hold that I had her in earlier that day. Chelsea’s small titties and bare pussy were now completely exposed for 50 of our closest family members. 

“Holy Smokes it’s shaved.” My aunt said. Chelsea gave out a moan at this. My mom gave a fake laugh. 

“OF COURSE IT’S SHAVED!! WHAT DID YOU EXPECT!? WHORES HAVE TO KEEP IT CLEAN FOR THE BOYS!!! My mom shouted back. I sat quiet and saw Chelsea, who was crying now, struggling ferociously against my mom’s will. I actually felt bad after what my mom had said, because Chelsea was about as far from a whore as you could get, and none of this was her fault – not even her shaved vagina. A few cameras flashed, but I don’t know who’s they were. I assume some of our uncles. I glanced over at my cousin and noticed that he was still recording. 

“Please stop taking pictures!” Chelsea cried. 

“OH? Why So shy now?” My mom asked. 

“Mommy please, everyone can see my……….” 

“No! I’m not letting you go until you learn your lesson. Jon get me a chair!” My mother shouted at me. Not wanting to disobey her now, I got a chair. My mother bent Chelsea over the chair, thus exposing her round, curvy ass to the family. Everyone was still looking bug-eyed at my sister. 

“If you’re gonna run around naked like a little girl, then you’ll be treated like a little girl!” 

She began violently spanking Chelsea’s bare ass. 

“ONE!!!!! …………..TWO!!!!!........” and on it went until she got to ten. By now Chelsea’s face was covered with tears. My mother finally let go of her. Chelsea got up and ran toward the crowd, not even bothering to cover herself up anymore. She pushed her way through the crowd, and I’m sure some of the men got some feels. She ran up to her bedroom and slammed the door shut. I don’t know what happened to any of my family member’s film, all I know is that family gatherings will never be the same again… 
Wednesday, March 12th 2008 - 05:58:00 PM



 