A Hungry Demon
==============

Denise lay in bed, pondering what she should do with the rest of the
coven.  She slipped a hand down to her naked crotch and idly stroked the
lips of her sex.  Turning Christina into a helpless sex slave had been
quite a thrill, and the thought of doing similarly horrific things to
the rest of the bunch of hopeless fluffy bunnies was making her wet.

She got out of bed and walked through to Andrew's room.  Andrew was,
unsurprisingly, looking at his photo album and stroking his cock.
She cleared her throat.  "We've got a perfectly good succubus in the
basement and you're having a wank.  You sad man."

Andrew closed the album and looked up at her.  "That would mean walking
all the way downstairs."

She walked over to the bed and climbed in next to him, reaching for
his cock.  "Or you could tell me what you want to do to my coven while
you fuck me."

He grinned wickedly, slipping his hand between her legs and stroking
her clitoris.  "One of the spells in that little black book raises a
demon with an enormous fucking cock, doesn't it?" he said, dipping a
finger inside her sex. "I think that pretty little redhead Rita would
look good with that up her arse and me up her cunt.  Especially if we
told her to want it first."

Denise growled with pleasure at the thought of Rita screaming in delight
at being vigorously sodomised by a demon, and climbed on top of Andrew,
impaling herself on his erection.  "Keep going, you bastard," she snarled,
rocking up and down on his swollen cock.

Andrew thrust upwards with his hips, pushing his cock deeper into Denise's
sex.  "Oh yes," he grunted.  "And after the demon was done fucking her
tight little arse we'd let it eat her."  His breathing grew ragged.
"We'd tell her to want that, too, and she'd be screaming with ecstasy
while it ate her."

Denise groaned, riding Andrew faster, her mind throwing up images of
Rita's pretty face screaming in delight at being devoured.  "Oh, gods.
Yes..."  She felt Andrew's cock start to pulse inside her sex, and as the
first sticky spurt of come emerged, she threw her head back, shrieking
with ecstasy as her own orgasm overtook her.  She slumped on top of him,
kissing him deeply, forcing her tongue into his mouth.

They lay there for a few moments, then she broke off the kiss.  "You are
my *favorite* pervert, little brother."

Andrew grinned back at her.  "You have another pervert?"

"Only the tame one in the basement.  And she doesn't have a cock."
She rolled off him to lie with one arm draped across his chest.  "Damn.
I'm still thinking about having that demon fuck Rita's pretty little
arse."

			*	*	*

Andrew lurked in the fork of a tree, watching the clearing.  Rita had
arrived ten minutes ago and stripped naked, and now appeared to be working
some sort of spell with a bowl of water and a candle.  She had painted
some sort of arcane sign across her breasts, and was tracing patterns
in the air with an incense stick.  He pondered the working for a moment,
and concluded she was trying to cast some sort of finding-spell.

She pulled a photograph out of her satchel, and Andrew cursed softly.
He knew he should have brought the camera, the telephoto lens would be
very handy for telling him exactly who Rita was looking for.  He waited
patiently, watching with arcane sense as well as his eyes, yet nothing
seemed to be happening.  Finally, Rita snuffed the candle and tipped
out the bowl.

Denise stepped from behind a tree, naked, with a cloth bag in one hand.
Andrew smiled and watched her walk over to Rita, then climbed down the
tree and started taking off his own clothes.

			*	*	*

"Hello, Rita," said Denise.  "What were you doing?"

Rita looked up at Denise.  "Oh, Denise!  I'm worried about Christina,
I haven't heard from her for a week.  I tried casting a scrying spell,
but it's just not working!"

"I've got a special spell that will help you scry better," replied Denise,
kneeling down beside Rita.  "Stay sat down."

Denise pulled a brown glass bottle and an ornate pewter chalice from
the bag.  She filled the chalice with herb-laced red wine, held it up,
and said "Winds bless this draught, that it shall work its magic upon
the mind."  There was a brief tension in the air, and she lowered the
chalice and took a small sip.

"The teacher has drunk.  Let the student drink deeply," said Denise,
handing the herb-bittered wine to Rita.  Rita sniffed at the wine
suspiciously, then took a hefty slug, spluttering slightly at the
bitterness.  Denise smiled.  "But, you won't be learning that spell, Rita.
Hold still and be quiet."

Rita froze, chalice half-lowered, wondering what was about to happen.
Denise stood up and walked around behind her.  "You see, you're all
a bunch of tiresome little fluffy-bunny types who'd run screaming if
you ever met a real black witch.  What a shame you can't run away now,
because that's exactly what I am."

Rita felt cold steel - the edge of a knife? - caressing her neck, and
gave a faint whimper of fear.  Denise carried on.  "You won't be learning
anything after tonight, in fact.  There won't be anything left of you
to teach.  You're going to have the most rapturously delightful night
of your life, and then you're going to die in exquisite ecstasy.  Pain,
to you, is now like having your clitoris licked by a masterful lover."

Rita moaned with pleasure as the blade slid along her collarbone and
blood started to trickle down her chest.  "You liked that, Rita.  But it's
not a knife that's going to kill you.  Get on your hands and knees."

Rita obeyed, slightly puzzled as to what was going on.	"Andrew!" snapped
Denise.  "Come here and get under this little slut."

Rita looked sideways to see Andrew emerging, naked, from the shadow of
the trees at the edge of the clearing.	She stared at his erection as
he lay down beside her.  "Impale yourself on that," he said, gesturing
to his cock.  She climbed astride him, using one hand to guide his cock
into her already-wet sex.

A strange tension filled the air as Denise began to chant.  A sudden
searing heat danced along the line of Rita's collarbone, and she moaned
with delight, rocking up and down on Andrew's cock.  She tipped her head
back, eyes closed, and moaned with delight as his fingers pinched and
twisted her hard nipples.  Behind her, she heard what seemed to be half
a conversation.

"No.  I think not, fiend.  I have knowledge of your nature.  I give to
you this woman, that you might sodomise her and devour her flesh and
consume her soul while she is enraptured by your assault."  A pause.
"Truth, fiend."

Denise lay a hand on Rita's shoulder.  "Rita, you are going to take
great pleasure in being sodomised by this demon, and you are going to
be desperately eager to be devoured by it when it finishes taking you."

Rita opened her eyes and looked sideways to see a burly, almost-human
figure with dark red skin approaching, a huge erection jutting from
its crotch.  It moved to kneel behind her, and she gave a shuddering
moan as the demon's cock plunged into her anus, effortlessly forcing
the tight ring open.  She felt it push deeper and deeper, filling her
bowels with its imposing length, rubbing against Andrew's cock inside her.

The demon grunted hotly in her ear as it started to thrust rhythmically,
the sensation of friction inside her transforming into waves of
unspeakable ecstasy.  She moaned with delight, grinding her crotch
against Andrew, feeling herself being driven inexorably towards orgasm.
The demon's pace increased, and an orgasm exploded through her body,
her sex rhythmically milking Andrew's cock as the demon continued to
sodomise her.

Andrew groaned, twisting Rita's nipples harder, and she whimpered with
delight as his come spurted into her sex.  The demon growled hungrily,
and she felt its cock start to pulse inside her bowels, setting her off
again, almost making her faint with ecstatic rapture as it filled her with
its seed.  Waves of shattering cold and searing heat rushed through her,
and she slumped limply on top of Andrew.

The demon pulled its cock out of her now-gaping anus and ran its
tongue along the wound in her collarbone.  She realised that there was
nothing she wanted more than to feed its hunger like she'd fed its lust.
"Please...  please eat me," she begged.

She writhed in ecstasy as the demon pulled her off Andrew and started
to bite chunks out of her, the pain of each bite sending fresh waves of
arousal through her body.  She knew she was dying, but that seemed of
little importance against the wonderful sensation of the demon ripping her
to pieces with its teeth.  One last, shattering orgasm wracked her body
as it raised her crotch to its mouth and unsexed her with a mighty bite,
and then she was plunged into oblivion, her life and her soul draining
away to feed the demon's ravening hunger.

			*	*	*

Denise looked at the demon as it licked its talons clean of the last shreds
of Rita's flesh.  "You have served as you were bidden, and you have
received your payment.  Begone, fiend, and trouble me not."

The demon stared back at her.  "I will devour you, witch.  I will fill you
with my seed and I will consume your quivering flesh as you writhe in
agony in my grasp."

Denise pointed the black-handled knife at the demon's face.  "I abjure thee,
fiend, with the power of thy name and my will!"  She spoke the tongue-tangling
syllables of the demon's name, and it recoiled from her.  She slashed the
knife downward through the air, and the demon vanished to whatever Hell
had spawned it.

She sighed with relief, and put down the knife.  "Andrew, for the next one,
*I'm* deciding how we deal with whoever it is.  That was entirely too
dangerous."
