Mowing The Lawn
by JoandD

While mowing the yard, wife puts on a show for group of men.

A few years ago, on a nice warm summer Saturday afternoon my husband, Dave, and I were at home and out working in our yard. We planned to get the lawn mowed early, do some trimming, then hopefully enjoy some relaxing time in the sun on our backyard deck. There is a large church to the east of us with their parking lot lying in between our properties. Like with most churches, there are often weddings there on Saturday afternoons, especially in the summer. Being good neighbors, we're always careful not to create a distraction by mowing when services are being held. We have a solid wooden fence along part of our shared property line, but some of our yard at the far end is open and visible from the church lot.

When standing on our deck we can just peer over the fence and on this day, I could see a soon-to-be-groom and his four or five groomsmen standing on the other side of the parking lot, tuxedo-clad, talking animatedly and obviously killing some time before the rest of the wedding party arrived. Dave was trying to quickly get the mowing done before the wedding started, while I was sunning on the deck wearing my old favorite and somewhat skimpy and shrunken-with-age bikini. Dave was done with the front yard and was ready for a beer break, so I put on my shoes and a pair of athletic shorts on over my suit bottom and took over the mowing in the back yard.

Every time I passed by the open space in our fence, the guys in the parking lot would do their best to catch a glimpse of me in my little, saggy swimsuit top. After a few times around the yard, I thought I would accommodate their staring by slowing down and taking my time turning the corner where I'd be most visible to them. Their prurient interest was getting me just a little excited as I found myself responding to their attention. I've never had the best body self-image, so I've never particularly thought of myself as an exhibitionist but being admired by these younger good-looking guys sure didn't hurt my body ego one bit.

So, after a few more passes, I suggested to Dave that maybe I should shed the athletic shorts and mow in just my two-piece swimsuit. He thought about it a second or two and looked over the fence at the guys staring in our direction and just smiled at me and mused, "I'd love to see that, and you sure won't break those guy's hearts."

That got me out of my shorts. The next pass got them really looking me over and talking among themselves. After a few more laps around with the mower, Dave smiled at me and said, "While you're in such a playful mood, why don't you give that groom something to really talk about when reminiscing on his wedding anniversaries?" I got his not-so-subtle hint, looked around to be sure there were no other people in the lot or any neighbors outside to see me. Then I asked him if I thought the guys would take offense; I sure didn't want them calling the police. He told me, "No men I know with body temperatures over 50 degrees would object to seeing a beautiful, sexy woman like you mowing her lawn topless.

I took off my bikini top, and instantly felt wicked as my nipples responded. I made another round with the mower, going a little faster than I had been. I suspect the angle of my arms on the mower handle blocked some of the view of my bare breasts, so as I went by the open space, the guys were just expecting "more of the same," and weren't paying nearly as close of attention as they should have. One guy must have seen enough to know he had missed an opportunity to see something more and quickly pointed in my direction and obviously told the others to keep an eye out for my next pass.

I could tell Dave was now getting into this too and keeping an eye on both me and the wedding guys. He's never been the overly possessive type and knows how reassuring it is for me to get a little sexual attention now and then. So, the next round I went a little slower again. As I entered their line of sight this time, they were ready and could easily see I was sans top. They obviously did not want to overreact and ruin a good thing, so they maintained some calm and decorum while I treated them to a last-minute impromptu "bachelor party."

I reversed my direction so for part of the time I would be facing my admirers and they'd see my tits straight-on. I did a couple more topless rounds this way. My arousal level was getting high enough to where I needed to stop, and I told Dave it was his turn to do a few laps with the mower. As he passed the open section, I could tell that the groom and groomsmen were more than a little disappointed that the "party" was over.

I laid on the chaise for a few minutes touching myself to stay at the brink of orgasm. The next time Dave came back around the fenced part of the yard, he was surprised to see that I had now taken off me bikini bottoms too and was playing with myself. I needed to decide whether to finish pleasing myself or finish the final lap for my "fans." As Dave looked at me, now naked, I told him, "I think I need to go for the gold."

"Go for it, make their day," was all he needed to say, and I took the mower for that victory lap, this time completely bare, except for the shoes. As I passed the open space again, they guys' attention was now divided between our yard and their conversation, since they thought they'd see Dave again. There must have a real disappointment knowing they'd not gotten the full measure of my grand finale, because they were all abuzz and hitting each other on the shoulders.

By this time, I was getting a little self-conscious and afraid the bride and her bridesmaids might show up. I sure didn't want to do anything to rain on the bride's parade. So, we shut off the mower and went inside. From our bedroom we watched the guys do a little post mortem of the show they'd gotten and soon the rest of the wedding party arrived. Then we had a little victory party of our own
