TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright c JULY 1999 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit.  
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with 
this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(M+/F, MF, MM, IMPREG)

WARNING: DO NOT READ THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, 
AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE 
DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE 
TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, 
OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR 
BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES' MALE 
LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

STORY:  Henpecked 
Author: C.D.E.


	Some say I'm a henpecked Pollyanna husband.  I disagree with 
them.  Just because I trust my wife, as well as do a lot of the 
household chores, including the laundry, cleaning bathrooms, washing 
dishes, and cooking many of the meals, is no reason for people to say 
I'm henpecked.  I see it as natural for a husband to help out around 
the home.  Sure my wife doesn't work, but that doesn't mean she has 
time to do everything.
	I don't mind coming in from a busy day at work and helping her 
out by washing a sink full of dirty dishes and cooking dinner for the 
family.  After all, a marriage is a partnership, isn't it?
	I admit that sometimes she's waiting for me to come home so she 
can go out with her girlfriends.  Sure, she expects me to cook, clean, 
and baby-sit our three kids that are ages 2,4, and 6 years old, while 
she's out.  So what about it?  After all she's been busy all day taking 
care of the kids and doing things around the house.
	Sometimes, I find it difficult to detect what she's done, but she 
assures me they are things that are important to her.  I do notice that 
she changes the linen on our bed frequently, sometimes 4 or 5 times a 
week.  She doesn't change the other beds nearly as much, or at all, 
since I do the laundry almost all the time.
When I wash the sheets from our bed, I notice they are starchy 
and stiff in places.  Whatever she keeps spilling on them while she's 
in the bed during the day, has a very musty, somewhat gamy, and 
slightly stale pungent smell.  I asked her about them and she said it 
was a health food diet drink that she drank to keep her weight under 
control.  She apologized for making such a mess with the concoction in 
bed.
	I just found out that our kids occasionally spend a lot of times 
with their grandmothers while I'm at work.  My wife says she needs some 
time to herself around the house.  I can understand that, who doesn't 
need some time to themselves?
	Once, a nosy neighbors wanted to know who the different men were 
that she sees over at my house while I'm at work.  I told her my wife 
manages the house and I was sure they were there to take care of some 
repair or another, or to see my wife about some family business matter.  
I told her my wife likes to make sure everything is in tip top 
condition.  The neighbor looked at me strange when I let her know my 
wife believes in preventive maintenance, and calls out repairmen to 
check things even when there is nothing wrong with them.
	Even some of my relatives get on me about being henpecked and  
being a Pollyanna.  They say I let my wife walk over like a doormat and 
that I'll believe anything she tells me. 
An uncle once told me I was a fool not to see that none of our 
kids looked anything like me.  I told him just what my wife told me, 
when I asked her the same exact question about our kids.  She said that 
kids can genetically reach back and look like anybody in the family, up 
to several hundred years in the past.  She showed me some handwritten 
notes of hers, where she'd done research on heredity and genetics.  Her 
notes indicated exactly what she'd told me.  I don't know what more 
proof anyone can want than the results of such hard research. Just 
because they don't favor me or my side of the family, or hers either 
for that matter, is no reason for my uncle to imply that my wife has 
been unfaithful and birthed children by another man.  How low can some 
people get?
He went on to say that they favored three previous boyfriends she 
used to date.  Again, my wife did her research and showed me her notes.  
They indicated that there is more than an a 85% possibility that 
somebody you know in a town will favor someone else, including facial 
resemblance, and hair and eye color.  Therefore, it's just a remote 
matter of chance that our kids favor three of her former boyfriends.  I 
showed him my wife's notes and told my uncle he should mind his own 
business and stop being a rabble-rouser.
It's a shame to have to gather such undeniable facts to prove 
your relatives wrong, but that's the way it is sometimes.
	However, I do worry about my wife's safety.  You see when she 
goes out with her girlfriends, their cars keep breaking down and my 
wife has had to get rides home, very late at night from chivalrous, but 
strange, gentleman willing to help out a lady in distress.
	I also worry about her coming home so late at night, generally 
after 2AM most nights during the week and occasionally even later on 
the weekends.  One time she left Friday night and finally made it home 
Sunday afternoon around 3PM.  She did call several times to let me know 
everything was alright.
	She and her girlfriends went away on a weekend shopping trip.  My 
wife said she saw many, many bargains, but declined to purchase 
anything, since she was trying to stay on her budget.  However, she 
told me she thoroughly enjoyed looking at them.  I was proud of her for 
resisting being an impulse buyer.
	However, there is one thing I can count on when she comes back 
home, her amorous nature.  She feels so loving that she wants me to 
suck her juicy snatch before and after she lets me fuck her.  She tells 
me she's so glad to see me is the reason she's so juicy wet when we 
make love those times. She literally wears me out at these times.  Of 
course, anything over five minutes will do it for me, that's why my 
oral efforts are a key part of our sex life.

MY WIFE GETS A JOB 

	To help out with the family budget, my wife recently got a job. 
She works at the same company one of her girlfriends is employed at.
	I think the job for my wife has really worked out well.  She has 
made several new friends at work.  I'm glad that she's started 
associating with more responsible professional people.  At least now 
when she comes in from working late, or being at some after work 
social, or office party, several of her male co-workers have been nice 
enough to escort her home.  Often one or more of the men from the 
office would drive her home in our car while another car would follow, 
to pickup the driver. It sure is good to know your wife is getting a 
ride home with people she knows, versus some stranger offering her a 
ride home.
	Sometimes, my wife is so tired from working late, or having to 
attend the mandatory office parties, that she staggers into the house, 
showers and goes straight to bed.  She sure must get a lot of job 
satisfaction from her work, for she has the biggest smile on her face 
when she's sleeping.  She's also very dedicated to her work, for while 
she's asleep, I often hear her call out the names of many of the men 
she works with.  Usually it's the ones who were nice enough to escort 
her home.
	The only thing I don't like about her office is that she can't 
bring spouses to the social events and parties they have.  Oh well, the 
money she makes is good.  I guess one can't have everything.
	My wife makes friends easily.  While she has many girlfriends at 
work, she told me she has made friends with one of her male co-workers 
named Lee.  He's single and never been married.  She says he and her  
find so much to talk about.  She enjoys talking to him and tells me how 
handsome he is.  She told me their relationship is strictly platonic.  
A "pretend brother and sister thing", in her words.
Their friendship formed in part because my wife helped him stop 
one of the married women in office from continually sexual harassing 
him.
I applauded her efforts, after all the workplace should be free 
of such stress and tension.
My wife and Lee have often stopped off on the way home and had 
cocktails, and sometimes dinner.  They network, chit chat about office 
stuff, and office politics.  I, of course am at home, cooking and 
cleaning and taking care of our three little ones.
Since he's new in town and trying to find a girl, my wife offers 
her help by showing him the right places to meet proper girls that she 
thinks might be suitable for him.  Apparently he likes her going along 
with him.  She told me this morning, Friday,  that they were going to a  
disco after work and that they also have plans to go to a nearby town 
and scout out places where he could frequent in his search for the 
right girl.  My wife thought it best they not drive back late at night, 
since both would be drinking.  So they packed bags to stay over.  
I thought that was a sensible idea since the possibility of 
getting a traffic ticket for drunk driving is a serious thing.	
There is one positive aspects to their stopping off for cocktails 
or helping Lee with his search for the right girl.  It's that my wife 
is hot and ready for sex when she comes in.  Her crotch is always very 
juicy and has that husky smell of lust.  In fact she told me she uses a 
cunt perfume with that same name, that is, `Cunt Lust'.  She says she 
likes the fragrance.
As many of you husbands know, it's not always a smart thing to 
disagree with your wives on some things, like their choice of perfumes 
and make up, for example.  Even though her cunt perfume pleases her, it 
does have the aroma of funky sex.  That is, it smells like she's been 
having heavy sex.  Oh well, if that pleases her, what am I to say.  
Sometimes you have to do what you have to do to keep the peace around 
the house.
Well anyway, she craves to have me make mouth love to her slick 
syrupy juicy bushy snatch.
  She finally invited Lee over and introduced him to me.  He was 
everything she said he was.  Tall, muscular and handsome.  I thought we 
three were suppose to go out to dinner together that evening.  I had 
even contacted a babysitter.  Then my wife reminded me of something.
"Honey I thought you overheard me make reservations for two, Lee 
and I, not three, sweetie."  She said politely. 
I could see Lee smiling at my blunder. How dumb of me.  She's 
right. I just wasn't thinking.
 "Plus darling, Lee and I are going by a bar or two and a disco 
later.  You know you don't like to dance much, plus you'd complain 
about how loud the music is anyway.  It's probably better you stay home 
with the kids.  Tell you what honey, the babysitter money you save, 
I'll let you add that to your allowance for next week.  Consider it a 
bonus from me for failing to make it clear about this evening's 
arrangements."
"Thanks dear."  I replied to my wife as she and Lee left.  I was 
still flush in the face at my blunder.  But I was thankful my wife did 
help me save face by taking some of the blame for the mix up.  At least 
maybe I didn't look too dumb in front of her co-worker.  You know what 
they say about first impressions.  Anyway, at least I had the 
consolation of getting the babysitter fee we'd ordinarily have to pay.  
My wife is truly a gem.	
As I called the babysitter to cancel her out, I was happily 
thinking of how I was going to spend the extra $20 my wife was going to 
add to my weekly $15 allowance.
Speaking of finances, that's another reason my relatives say I'm  
henpecked.  Just because my check is totally managed by my wife and she 
gives me a weekly allowance is no reason to say that.  I think she does 
a good job.  Plus, I don't have to worry about household finances in 
addition to all the other household chores and tasks I do.  What do my 
relatives think I am, superman or something?
The kids and I have fun spending quality time together, while 
their mother was out with Lee.  So that they would understand why she 
was gone, we've agreed to say she's out with him on work business.
I put the kids to bed and watched some late TV before turning in.
	Since it was Saturday night, I stayed up later than usual, 
however, I turned in around 2 AM.  It was 4 AM when I felt my wife 
crawl in bed beside me.  She woke with a kiss.  This time even her kiss 
smelled like her cunt perfume.  Maybe it was my being foggy from waking 
up.
"Honey feel how wet and gooey my pussy is from thinking about you 
while I was out with Lee."  She said as she guided my hand to her hot 
damp cunt.  Her dense bush was quite slimy from her pussy fluids.
"Here baby, taste this appetizer before you eat my full pussy 
pie."  She cooed as she placed one of her fingers to my lips.
As was the routine, she straddled my head with her face toward 
the foot of the bed and plopped her very damp crotch on my face so that 
her twat slot found my tongue.
A she gyrated her wet snatch over my face and suckling mouth, her 
sex juices seem to rain down as I swallowed as fast as I could to keep 
from choking.  For some reason, her cunt perfume was stronger tonight 
and she tasted more full bodied.
Tonight she did something she seldom does.  She started handling 
my throbbing prick.  It was so good to have her handle it, but the more 
I feasted on her pussy pie and the more she fondled me, the more I 
realized I might not be able to hold back.  I tried to warn her, but 
her own orgasm was approaching and even though I tried to push her off 
me the more she pushed back with her legs.  In addition, I know she 
didn't do it on purpose, but she increased her hand action on my prick.  
I struggled, but it was no use.  Soon she had me at the point of no 
return.  I shot my load as she rode my face to a very stirring orgasm.  
She gyrated her wet hot sex over my face for at least a minute after 
she came.  I presume she was feeling the afterglow.  Another thing, 
since her thighs were almost closed around my ears, I thought I heard 
her saying "Oh Lee!" "Oh Lee!" while she was getting off.  Later she 
let me know that was not the case.
"Honey, I was saying `oh gee'.  That's because your eat out was 
sooo gooood darling."  She cooed to me.  "I know you didn't get any 
tonight, but you can feel solace in knowing you really did my pussy 
proud tonight."  She said as she turned over and went to sleep almost 
instantly.
As she said, I only got a hand job, but I did feel good that I'd 
pleased her so well.
My wife continued to help Lee try and find the right girl for 
some time.  In fact two years from the time I first met him, they were 
still going out searching on weeknights and weekends. I continued to 
baby-sit while they did.
Then one Saturday afternoon, about three months into their third 
year of searching, my wife and Lee sat down with me in the dinning 
room, while the kids were in the family room watching TV.
"Honey, look at this.  Over here"  My wife said as I looked over 
to where she'd put her hand.
My eyes popped opened like an owl, and as wide, as I saw her 
grasp the outline of a huge erection in Lee's trousers.  I was 
speechless.  No words came out of my mouth.
"I know you're surprised too dear, and so am I.  That is, that he 
would get that way because of me.  I thought he and I were more like 
brother and sister, and above arousing each other.  But apparently his 
not having a girl to take care of problems like this, is the reason. 
Look at the size of him honey.  He's so much larger than your little 
thing."  My wife said with a gleeful tone in her voice.
I cringed at her words. I know she didn't mean to hurt or 
embarrass me.  Her words just came out the wrong way.
"But, Lee, I guess in all honesty, I guess I can't blame you.  
After all, it has been over two years and we haven't found you a girl 
yet.  So that means he hasn't had any in over two years honey.  Can you 
imagine going that long with out some or jerking off?"  My wife said 
with a slight frown on her face.
"Actually it's been two years, two months and three weeks."  Lee 
said softly in his masculine voice.  "I need sex."  He added.
I still sat quiet not knowing what to say.
"I've read it's not good for men with large cocks to jerk off."  
My wife said in a serious almost authoritative manner.  "You see, it's 
suppose to have something to do with big cocks needing a warm wet 
receptacle, like a juicy cunt, so that when they ejaculate, the 
pressure of them shooting off is cushioned by the back pressure created 
by their gushing cum bouncing off the interior of a warm wet pussy.  
Otherwise ejaculating in air, or without the back pressure that's 
created by being in a pussy, could lead to future health problems for 
him."
Still dumfounded, I again looked at my wife.  I knew she did a 
lot of reading, but I was aghast at such a profound understanding of 
the topic of which she spoke.
"Well Francis honey, Since masturbation is not an option, the 
only right thing for me to do is to commit incest to solve this 
problem, since I'm somewhat to blame."  My wife said as she kept her 
hand on the bulge in Lee's pants and gently fingered the outline of his 
obviously large penis.  I knew it had to be at least two, if not three 
times larger than mine.
"I-Incest?"  I stammered as I looked from her moving fingers into 
her dreamy eyes.
"Yes dear.  I must have sex with Lee.  All this time, he's been 
quietly suffering as we've gone on our searches.  I... no we must help 
him out, that is my pretend brother, in his time of need."
She went on to explain herself.  Again I was too shocked to 
speak.  As I tried to process all that'd been said and was about to 
reply, she took Lee's hand and led him to the master bedroom.
They were gone so quick that I had to catch up with them.  They 
had even closed the door by the time I'd caught up with them.
When I entered, she had his pants down and was sucking on what I 
have to say is the largest prick I've ever been close to.
From her kneeling position, she signaled for me to close the 
door, which I did.  Again, I stood frozen, and again I was speechless.  
She continues to mouth him a few moments more.  I stood there 
unbelieving what I was seeing.  You see, she'd always told me that she 
just wasn't into sucking a cock, which is what she was doing at that 
moment, and seemed to be thoroughly enjoying it.
She pulled her head away from his very rigid, what appeared to be 
an eight inch plus, and very thick cock.  The area where her mouth had 
been was very wet and glistening.
"Honey, I know incest is wrong, even between `pretend' brother 
and sister as Lee and I are.  But right now, he's suffering and it has 
spread to me.  He's got me aroused too.  I'm sooo hot.  I've got to 
have his big thing in me.  Here baby, give me a hand, put a rubber on 
him while I get undressed."  My wife said as she threw a packaged 
condom at me as I stood there.
I saw her rush to get out of her clothes while Lee did the same.  
In no time flat they were both totally nude.  I was still standing 
there with the packaged prophylactic looking and feeling bewildered.
"C'mon honey, you know the doctor took me off the pill six months 
ago for observation of side effects.  I'm unprotected."
Lee offered to do it himself, but my wife insisted I do it.
"No I want you to participate!"  My wife said angrily as she 
looked at me with lust laden eyes.  "Honey, this marriage is a 
partnership.  I feel I have to do this for failing to help him find the 
right girl.  If you desert me now, then I know you're not the man I 
thought you were. How can you stand there and let my pretend brother 
suffer?  Just imagine if your prick was as big as his, can you see how 
more intensified the throbbing and aching would be?  Now, are you ready 
to help solve the problem or not?  Are you a fair weather husband or 
are you a husband for all seasons when your wife needs your help?" She 
said defiantly as she stood there with both hands on her hips.  The 
scene was so unbelievable.  The silence was deafening as was the heat 
around my flushed face.  
Her breast seem swollen with desire.  Her nipples hard and 
protruding. Her lush looming bush accented them as well as her very 
shapely nude figure. It was obvious my wife was in heat.  Standing next 
to her was her tall rippling muscle laden lover to be and his stout 
jutting fuck tool.  Lee put an arm around her as I stood there 
thinking.
"Well?  Are you going to put it on or does he get me 
unprotected."
"U-Un..."
"That's right.  If you don't put it on, we don't use nothing."  
My wife spoke defiantly.  
That did it, I knew I couldn't let this go on without taking 
action, after all I was not a fair weather husband.  I had to show some 
responsibility here.
I tore open the foil package and removed the rubber.
Moments later I was leaving the room after doing my duty.
"Dear ... Gasp! ... You'd better go ... Gasp! ... check on the 
kids.  We ... Gasp! ... don't want them ... Gasp! ... wandering in 
here.  Anyway ... Gasp! ... it's time for their ... Gasp! ... dinner.  
In fact why... Gasp! ...  don't you take them ... Gasp! ... out for 
burgers ... Gasp! ... and then go to ... Gasp! ... the park or ... 
Gasp! ...  something.  Look over ... Gasp! ... there in my purse ... 
Gasp! ... and get some money ... Gasp! ..."  My wife spoke from the bed 
as she tried to muffle the joy she was experiencing from the superior 
sexing her pretend brother was giving her.
I did as my wife requested, as she was reveling in the humping 
Lee was giving her with his huge rigid tool of stiff throbbing meat.  I 
tried not to look as I went in her purse, but it was difficult not to 
do so.  I quietly shut the door tightly as I closed off the scene of my 
wife committing `pretend incest'.
The kids and I were gone slightly over three hours.  The whole 
time I thought about what was going on back at our house in our master 
bedroom.  I know my wife is very altruistic and always wants to help 
people, but this time I was wondering if she'd gone too far. She had 
committed adultery pure and simple, even if it was a for a just cause.  
Sure I could identify with a man being in need if he hadn't had sex in 
two years.  Plus, I know being around a woman as beautiful as my Rose 
could naturally get a man aroused. The more I thought about the 
situation, I could see my wife's point that she felt guilt at being the 
cause of his suffering. By the time I arrived back home, I was feeling 
more sympathetic toward her actions, even if I wasn't happy about 
another man, better endowed, giving her better sex than I probably ever 
could.
 Just as I was pulling in the driveway he was backing out.  He 
waived as he drove away.  He had a big smile.
I let the kids go next door to play with the neighbor's children.
Inside, my wife was still in the bed, the sheets were damp with 
fucking juices.
"Honey, please forgive me for thinking you weren't going to 
support me.  It really pleased me the way you put the rubber on Lee's 
dick."  My wife told me as she leaned over and kissed me on the side of 
my face. "Darling, I'm so juicy down there, just like when I get when I 
think about coming to your tongue when I'm out with the girls.  It 
would give me such a thrill if you'd suck my pussy now.  I really need 
it."
"B-But..."  I protested.
"I know what you're going to say honey.  But please show me you 
still love me even though another man has truly fucked me in a way you 
never have.  Please.  It would mean so much to me.  Put aside your 
thoughts of manly pride and just add to what Lee had done so well. 
Anyway, he did use a condom.  He just stirred up my cunt perfume and 
made it all frothy down there.  That's all.  Now, Don't say a thing, 
just come here and love me with that beautiful tongue of yours.  I know 
people say you're henpecked because you're a good husband and not a 
macho asshole.  A good husband also makes sure his wife is well pleased 
in bed, no matter who does it or how it's done.  That's what being a 
good hubby and a man is all about darling."
Her kind words made my self esteem go through the roof.  How 
could I not do what she desired.
As I sucked her wet gooey gamy muff, my wife had two very rousing 
orgasms.  The second one was the most intense I ever remember giving 
her.  She really had my face in a vise grip of her thighs when she 
came.
After she settled down, she had some more news for me as well as 
a more practical reason for me to eat her out.
"It busted!"  I yelled.
"Yes it did honey.  It must've been after he came in me the third 
time before either of us realized it.  Sure, I tried to towel as much 
of his cum out as I could.  He put on another rubber and the same thing 
happened when he came the fifth time.  This time he'd just laid on top 
of me with his big thing plugging my pussy tight as a wine keg, so we 
weren't aware of the ruptured rubber until he pulled out about 20 
minutes later.  We were both worried about the consequences of what'd 
happened, but he said that he'd heard that if someone sucked a pussy 
real good, most if not all the sperm would be pulled out, and that the 
sucker's saliva would act as an effective spermicide."
I asked her why she chose to fool me and most of all why didn't 
he do the honors instead of waiting for me to return home.
"Well darling, he said I had up to two hours for the pussy 
sucking treatment to work, and..., well I told him that since he was so 
tired from having worked so hard in putting cum in me, I thought it 
only fair for you to share the work, you know getting it out.  Besides, 
that cunt perfume makes my cunt look and smell just like it did after 
Lee finished fucking me.  Raw, red, oozing, and bruised with almost the 
same identical fragrance."
We continued talking for a long while.  I let her know I was 
quite upset at being fooled by her.  We also covered what we'd do if 
there was the possibility of a pregnancy.
"Honey, I hope you don't force me to think about an abortion, 
because if I am pregnant, I choose to have it.  You see, I sinned 
because I felt guilt at having caused him suffering for two years.  The 
rubber breaking was my way of being punished.  I therefore must pay the 
piper.  I will bear his child if I'm pregnant."
I told my wife I applauded her for being so noble and her desire 
to atone for her sin, even though there was an extenuating 
circumstance.  However, I let her know, I would forgive her for having 
an abortion.  I also let her know that while the rest of our kids 
didn't favor each other or anyone else in either our families, this one 
would more than likely resemble Lee.  I tried to lay it out what 
embarrassment it could cause each of us, including Lee.
"I understand your concern darling, but as the bearer of this 
child, it is I who will carry the greater shame.  You and Lee will 
carry your share, but not near as much as I.  Anyway, darling, you said 
you were a husband for all seasons, not just a fair weather husband, I 
hope you meant it.  That is, that you'll stand by me in my time of 
shame.  The shame I'll show when I go out shopping with another child 
that's carrying your name, but who everyone will know that is really 
Lee's.  I can hear the busy bodies at the office talking."

A YEAR LATER  

	I didn't want to do it, but my wife had me go with her to the 
office to show off our new son, which my wife named Lee the Second.
	Her reason.  The best way to head off malicious gossip is to have 
a strong offensive.  Show them that you know that Lee is the real 
father and let everyone gawk and get it out of their system.  That way 
the rumor burns itself out."
	I marveled at my wife's logic, but wondered how I'd hold up in 
she and Lees' domain.
	I ended up doing okay. But my wife and Lee did much better than 
expected.  They even had me take a picture of them with her holding 
Little Lee II.  People in the office gave me many strange looks.  I 
tried to avoid their eyes as much as I could.
	After the visit to show off the baby, my wife prided me on being 
so brave and told me she loved me more than anything.  That really made 
me feel good.

THE SEARCH GOES ON

	Lee still wanted my wife's help and she indicated she felt an 
obligation to do so, after all, they were still pretend brother and 
sister.
He thinks he's so sly.	I finally could see he was trying to 
steal her from me, since he was having problems finding a girl.  
Hey I'm no fool. I know when I'm out classed in the prick 
department.  I had to show what I could do to hold my own in a head to 
head with him.  The only difference is that while he used his dick 
head, I gave head.  I had to show him that I was willing to get down 
and dirty to save my wife and marriage.  I wasn't going to let him 
steal my woman, just because he couldn't find one after looking for 
over two years.
	So what, if she'd inadvertently had a baby from him.  Hey, 
accidents happen.  
He used his good looks, muscles and his big dick.  Therefore I 
had to used what worked best for me, my flitting tongue, lips, and good 
suction.  Sure I might have to suck up his spent cum to prove my love 
for my wife.  In fact it was because of this that I told him he was too 
chicken to eat her pussy after it was all creamy.  He conceded that 
when it came to doing that, he let me know I was the better man.  I 
knew I scored points with my wife, cause she said she'd never leave me 
cause I was just too good a sucker.  I beamed with pride as she said so 
in front of Lee.
	My wife was now back on the pill.  One time after he'd fucked her 
for about an hour straight, I followed up by diving right in her messy 
muff which he'd help make sloppy.  I brought my wife to a rousing 
orgasm.  She really got off better and louder than the three he'd given 
to her while I was waiting my turn to show my stuff. It just goes to 
show that the end game is what it's all about.
	As I victoriously raised up from her gamy well sucked snatch,
My face was covered with their frothy syrupy milky melded cunt sex 
juices. I saw him looking strangely at me with a smirking smile.  I 
knew that was just a defensive look to save face.  He knew I'd bested 
him.

FIVE YEARS LATER

	I've still prevailed after all this time.  Lee keeps trying to 
steal my wife since he can't find a girl.  
Another way I've gotten the beat of him was one time when he came 
by the house to pick my wife.  They again going out on one of their 
continuing searches, for the elusive girl for him.  Well she was caught 
up in traffic and wasn't going to be home for a couple of hours.  She 
had the kids with her.
	While he waited for her, he and I watched TV. 
	He'd been out of town on business for two weeks.  He let me know 
he was quite horny and taunted me that he was sure he could talk my 
wife into giving some tonight on their date if they didn't find him a 
girl.
	"She might yield into temptation and give you some, but she'll 
always come home to me."  I replied confidently and smugly.
	Lee and I were adversarial in a friendly manner, but not 
combative.  I was glad, after all he has about six inches of height and 
fifty pounds over me.
	Well like I was saying, he was quite horny.  As he talked about 
sexing my wife, I noticed he got an erection in his pants.  As usual, 
his erection was quite noticeable.  I don't have that problem since my 
much smaller prick never caused such obscene images.
	I laughed at his plight.  He kept telling me how good it was 
going to be to soak his dick in my wife's lush warm pussy.
	Well, the more he talked the hornier he got.  I think my teasing 
was getting to him when he told me "You keep on and you gonna help your 
wife get some of the cum outta my dick."
	Well my wife finally made it home and they left for their 
continuing girl search for him.  However, I chuckled to myself as I was 
babysitting our six kids.  I thought how I'd beat Lee at his own game.  
I hadn't planned for it to happened, but when he threatened to make me 
suck his dick before my wife got home, I taunted him and made him think 
he was scaring me into sucking him off.  I ended up drawing two heavy 
loads of hot viscous creamy cum off his balls.  Two less loads he won't 
be able to shoot into my wife's juicy hot cunt.  I don't think he 
understood how I'd tricked him.  I'm not a cocksucker, but in winning 
one's wife back, everything is fair.  Isn't it?
 	Sure my wife feels sorry for him and is still trying to help him 
find a girl, that's the main reason she's accidentally had two more 
kids from him over the last five years.  However, I don't let that 
bother me.  I know I have the edge.  After all, she's had a total of 
three kids from him, but hasn't left me yet.  And every time he fucks 
her, she always comes home to me.  So what if her pussy is dripping 
with his and her fuck juices?  She loves the kind of mouth love she 
knows I'm good at. I don't know what more proof Lee wants that she 
truly loves me.
	But Lee, the idiot he is, doesn't see that he can't prevail 
against the kind of love and sex I use to keep my wife from being 
stolen by guys like him.  Plus, I have the last laugh, cause of the 
money he's put in  my pocket, that is, due to the three tax deductions 
he's given me - Lee II, Leahann, and Leeza.  I'm telling you, some guys 
just don't get it.


				###END###

