Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Forty-One: The Naughty Succubus & Wicked Demon
Summary: MF MFF oral creampie bond D/s fantasy magic bred
Keywords: Leo has to deal with a naughty succubus and a wicked demon to save his family!
Copyright: 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Kurtis  Drakin Castle, the Haunted Forest

The succubus's pussy suffocated me.

I couldn't breathe.

She held me tight to her cunt. Her petals spilled over my lips and nose. I had to breathe. But if I did, I would drown in her pussy cream. It would fill my lungs. I had to submit. I had to lick her if I was to survive. My chest burned. My head pounded. 

I clenched my jaws tight. I welded my tongue to the roof of my mouth. I would not give her the satisfaction. I did not submit. I conquered. My lungs burned more and more, but I didn't care. I would not give in. I would not lick her pussy. I would beat her some other way. 

But I had to breathe. I needed to suck in air. My legs kicked as I dangled over the hole. Her pussy cream ran down my chin. Her eyes stared down at me with such malicious delight as he held me to her cunt. Hanging by my wrists, I had no way to fight her. To resist.

Just lick, she purred, her eyes gleaming bright. Just slide that tongue through my folds. It's too early for you to die, Kurtis. Much, much too early for you to perish. We've hardly had any fun!

I stared up at her with all my defiance while my lust sought a way into her desires. But she was armored, her passions focused on this. As a demigoddess daughter of Las, she had the strength to resist my manipulation.

I had to make her vulnerable. And drowning in her pussy cream wasn't that.

It was what she wanted. My submission or my death were both her desires. I could see no other way out of this but submitting. I would die. My sisters were in danger. Should I swallow my pride, bend here, then find a way to break free.

But if I bent, then I would be lost. I would no longer always be in charge. Something in me would break. Shatter. It would never come back. I could feel that. I would die or be a simpering worm. Those were my choices.

I would rather die.

I fought the urge to breathe. My lungs burned more and more. My legs kicked. I glared up at her while she just smiled. She was more than prepared to smother me with her cunt until the end of the world. She would utterly suffocate me and... and...

Why wasn't I dying? I hadn't taken a breath in long enough that I should be passing out. But my mind was clearly. My lungs burned for air. They blazed so much. My head pounded. But where was the darkness fuzzing the edges of my vision? The spots of light?

I wasn't suffocating like I should be. I was holding my breath way past my tolerances. Why?

It hit me. I was in a dream. This wasn't real. This wasn't my body. I was asleep in the courtyard right now. Nothing was smothering my real flesh. I relaxed my body. The urge to breathe left me now that I understood where I was.

I stared calmly up at her. Then I let myself slip into boredom. The pain in my wrists faded. In my shoulders. This wasn't my body. She couldn't do anything to me that I didn't let her. If I believed this was real, then she one.

So I denied her.

My heart beat slowed. I counted. Time was slipping by. Her sadistic glee dwindled. Her brow furrowed as she didn't feel me licking her. Frustration grew in her eyes. She realized I had figured it out. That this wouldn't work.

The frustration built and built as she rubbed my face into her cunt. Lick me or die! she hissed. Feast on my cunt!

No, I said into her pussy. I'm good.

My words were muffled, but I bet she understood the flippant tone. I hung there calm as she grew angry. Her nostrils flared. This wasn't what was supposed to happen. Had never happened to her. She invaded the dreams of unsuspecting me. She pounced on them.

I had known about her. When she fell on me, I wasn't surprised. I knew what I was up against. That I was even dreaming.

And as she grew angry and frustrated, a chink opened in her desire. An opening that I wiggled my lust through and spilled into her soul. I smiled and flared a new desire in her. A way for her to conquer me. Not through domination, but through abject pleasure.

To give me such bliss, that she overwhelmed my mind and turned me into a pleasure slut. Like I had done to Princess Lavhi after her ploy to get me to kill her rival, Princess Naryu. I fed that desire in her. I could see it flickering in her eyes as she considered it.

She had to win. She was driven to beat me. 

She ripped her pussy from my face as she stepped back. Clever to figure out that you can't die here, but you can still feel pleasure. There is more than one way to break someone. 

With a flick of her wrist, she hauled me out of the pit. I grunted, feeling the strain on my joints for a moment. Then I banished it. I was in complete control here. The floor returned and I settled on it. My arms were still held over me, but I wasn't dangling by them.

Mmm, you have never felt the pleasure of a succubus, she purred. I am Las's daughter. You have never experienced the passion that I can give. The rapture that my touch creates.

She didn't know who I was. Who my father was. Nor whose daughters my sisters were. I knew the bliss of Lasla's pussy. Of the mermaids and the werewolves I had fucked rakshasa, savoring their wild passion, and a sphinx.

The succubus fell to her knees before me, her eyes burning with her lust. I was inside her, and she didn't even know it. She grabbed my hips and licked her lips. They gleamed with her saliva. Plump lips. Cock-sucking lips.

I will melt your bones, boy, she promised, her hands grabbing my hips. She licked the tip of my hard cock, gathering the precum there. 

She liked the taste. I enhanced that as I suppressed the pleasure that her caress gave me.

I shot down those sensations, too. 

Mmm, you are going to howl your head off, boy, she moaned, her big boobs swaying before her. She danced her tongue around the crown of my cock. When I am blowing your dick, your mind will melt in ecstasy. You will be mine. Are you ready?

If you think you're that good, I said, shrugging as well as I could bound. Give it a whirl.

I am amazing, she hissed. Then she smiled. You'll see, boy. She kissed the tip of my cock. You'll see.

Will I? I arched an eyebrow.

She glared up at me. You are not taking this seriously.

Well, you're not that sexy of a succubus and your pussy tasted pretty nasty. I spat to the side. I'm surprised I'm hard at all.

I am amazing! she snarled. I flared that desire to prove herself.

Really? Show me. I am so not impressed with you so far.

You're mine to love, she purred. Mine for eternity. I'll let your mind with bliss and leave you a gibbering mess that craves nothing but pleasure. No other thought will...

I yawned.

She snarled and opened her mouth. She swallowed my cock. Her lips sealed over it. They were amazing lips. Her mouth warm. Her tongue agile as it swirled around the crown of my cock. This would feel amazing if I let myself feel the pleasure.

But I didn't. 

I couldn't afford to have any twitches of bliss cross my face. She had to see me looking bored. I was getting bored. That mouth sliding up and down my dick felt so mundane. There was nothing exciting about it. No delight shooting down my cock.

She bobbed her head, her tongue dancing around the crown. She suckled with force, her cheeks hollowing. Her eyes stared up at me, searching my face for any sign of pleasure. I stared down at her, arching an eyebrow.

When does the rapture start? I asked.

She didn't believe I wasn't feeling anything. She thought I was bluffing, so she suckled even harder. She put her all into it. She bobbed her head, nursing on me with such force. I found that need to make me feel pleasure, and tweaked it with a spot of desperation.

She slid her lips up and down my cock. Her warm mouth bathed it in her saliva. Her tongue swirled around it in such delicious ways. Or they would be delicious if I could feel what she was doing to me. I couldn't That was the best part of this. 

Her cheeks hollowed. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my dick as she stared at me with such intensity. She was desperate to make me moan. To see a twitch of delight. For my body to tremble with pleasure.

Eh, that's okay, I said. Not the best blowjob I've ever had.

She glared at me, that desperation surging in her. She had never failed to dominate a man. And she would not fail on me. I could feel it as she suckled with all her might. She slid her mouth down my dick until I hit the back of her throat.

She swallowed my cock. I felt her throat engulfing my dick. She took me with ease, sliding her mouth down my shaft until her lips were nuzzling into my bush. She moaned around my cock. Hummed. Swallowed. She put her all into it.

Huh, I guess you have some talent, I said. Maybe I'll cum.

She slid her mouth up my cock until my tip popped back into her mouth. Her tongue caressed it before she bobbed her head and swallowed my cock again. She fucked her gullet up and down my throat, moaning as loud as she could. The vibrations hummed around my dick.

Now you're just trying too hard, I said, shaking my head. It's just kind of sad.

Her anger surged through her. She ripped her mouth off my cock. Sad! Sad!

She stood up and snapped her hands. Suddenly, the chains were lowering me to the floor. New ones grabbed my legs. They pulled my limbs wide until I was bound spread eagle on the ground. She stared at me with such venom in her eyes. They brimmed with her need to prove that she was better than me. 

That her pussy could conquer me. 

You will feel the awesome majesty that is my cunt, she snarled. You will howl in ecstatic agony as my magnificent pussy works up and down your cock. Your mind will drown in euphoria. You will be addicted to this twat and beg for it night and day.

I yawned.

She shrieked her anger and flung herself down on me. She grabbed my cock, lifting it to the wet folds of her pussy. Then she slammed her cunt down my dick. I groaned as she swallowed me. She took my cock to the hilt. The pleasure should have burst through me, but...

I was in control of my body.

Her big boobs heaved as she slid up my cock, squeezing with such force. She planted her hands on my chest and slammed her cunt down my dick. She took me to the root again and again. Her eyes bored into mine, searching them for any glimmer of pleasure.

She rode me with passion. Her cunt massaged my dick with a hot and silky grip. I almost wanted to relax my control. I bet she had such an amazing cunt. I would be experiencing such bliss right now if I let myself. 

But I was in control here.

At least add some hip rolls, I said.

She snorted with fury and rolled her hips, stirring her cunt around my cock as she rode me. 

Yeah, that's it. I grinned at her. You got potential with this pussy. Get it trained up, it might actually be good.

You will cum! she hissed, slamming her cunt down on my cock.

I mean, it's still such a boring show, I said. You have no passion. No skill. There's no heart. Are you really a seductress that melts men's minds.

Yes! she hissed and leaned herself down on me. She pressed breasts into my chest as she rocked herself, working her cunt up and down my dick. 

She kissed me, thrusting her tongue into my mouth. She swirled it around in me as her cunt clenched down hard on me. She held me with such a tight grip. It was rather impressive. If I wasn't surprising my pleasure, my cock would be aching. 

Even ignoring my pleasure, her pussy felt amazing gripping my dick. She had such a wondrous cunt. I would have been eager to burst with pleasure in her. To flood her cunt with my cum. But now wasn't the time.

She broke the kiss. Please, please, cum in my pussy!

The desperation ruled her. She held me, her boobs rubbing into my chest. Her cunt clamped down on me, needing my cum in her. She had to have it. She couldn't take it, so now she begged. Her whimpers echoed around me.

I need your cum! she groaned. Please, please, give it to me!

You want my cum? I asked, letting the pleasure touch me now.

Yes! she howled as I felt her hot cunt sliding up and down my cock. The bliss of it swept through me. Yes, cum in me!

You want my seed! I growled. You want to be bred by me.

I can't be bred, she whimpered, even as I surged that desperate desire in her to take my seed and bear my child. When I have violated enough men, I will split in two. Become two succubi. Perfect copies of each other.

You'll be bred, I said, her hot cunt massaging my dick. She brought me towards my climax now. My balls tightened with my cum that I would pump into her fertile pussy. I can feel it. I can breed you!

Breed me! she howled. Breed me! Breed me!

Release me! I growled.

The chains vanished. I grabbed her ass and rolled her over. I was on top and drove my cock into her pussy. I had complete control of her lusts now. She shuddered, her cunt clamping down on my cock, massaging me with her wondrous sheath.

You're mine, I growled. You want to be bred, you have to be my slut!

I'm your slut! she moaned, her cunt clamping down on me. Just breed my pussy. It's a good cunt. It's not terrible. It can please you.

Yes, it can, I groaned, driving my dick hard into her, my nuts slapping into her taint.

She trembled beneath me, staring up at me with this hungry need in her eyes. She clamped her cunt down on my cock, holding me tight as I drove my dick into the succubus's depths. She groaned beneath me, holding me tight as I fucked her hard.

The ache built and built at the tip of my cock. She held me tight with her silky snatch. She groaned, writhing beneath me, so desperate to be bred by me. To feel my cock pumping all that cum into her snatch and bathe her with my cum.

Please, please, please, breed my pussy! I want your seed in me! Yes, yes, give it to me!

I grinned down at her. Then you better cum on my cock. I want to feel that pussy going wild of my cock.

Las's big dick! she moaned. And Throwia's stinging lash, yes!

Her cunt went wild around my cock as I buried into her snatch. Her flesh rippled around my rod as I drew back. She nursed at me with hunger. It was incredible to feel her suckling at me like that. This heat swept through my body.

My nuts tightened. I buried into her cunt again and again as she squealed beneath me. Her pussy suckled at me, swelling that itch at the tip. Her womb hungered for my cum. The succubus needed to be bred by me. She craved it.

Please, please, cum in me! she howled. I need it! Flood me! Flood me with all your cum!

Yes, I growled and thrust into her cunt. Gods damn, yes! 

My cum erupted.

I fired blast after blast of jizz into her snatch. I flooded her womb and bred her. It was so exciting to do that. My heart pounded as I pumped her cunt full of all that cum that I had in my nuts. She gasped, her cunt writhing around me.

Yes, yes, you're breeding me! she howled, her pussy loving my dick.

I groaned, savoring the way her pussy rippled about me. How she massaged me. Her cunt felt amazing about my cock. I groaned, stars bursting across my vision as I pumped blast after blast of my cum into her snatch. I flooded her snatch with cum. I pumped spurt after spurt of jizz into her.

I groaned out my pleasure. It felt so incredible to pump her full of that spunk. I flooded her twat with everything that I had. I basted her pussy with my jizz. It was incredible to hose her down. I loved it so much. I quivered on her while her pussy convulsed around my dick.

She suckled at me, working out every drop of cum I had.

Gods damn, I panted, staring into her eyes. 

Oh, you really bred me, she moaned, awe in her eyes. Wow, that was incredible.

I winked at her. Now, little slut, time for me to wake up.

Yes, she purred. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

I burned hotter and hotter as the demon's lash slashed down at my face.

The fire blazed around me and destroyed the lash before it could hit me. Before it could send me falling to the ground in pain. I shouted in triumph and slashed at the demon. I would cut the bitch down. She would not harm any more members of our family. 

Or our allies.

Wings flapped. The demon twisted out of the way of my sword stroke. Her hand shot out and slammed into my throat. I gasped in shock as she squeezed tight about me. She crushed off my airway and lifted me from the ground. My legs kicked as Beliala stared at me in the eyes. 

I couldn't breathe.

I swung my sword at her side, my toes curling in my boots.

She grabbed my wrist with her free hand. She was strong. Her fingernails bit into my flesh. Pain exploded. My hands spasmed and dropped my blade. It hit the ground with a loud clatter. The demon smiled as she stared into my eyes.

I burned hot.

My flames burst around me.

She smiled as the flames crackled around her arms, but they didn't burn her. Didn't hurt her. She was a powerful demigoddess. A daughter of Throwia herself. I kicked her between her legs, cracking my booted foot right into her pussy.

My punt did nothing to her but make her smile grow.

She crushed harder. I couldn't suck in any air. I had to breathe. I had to fight. My left hand punched her in the side, but the blows were feeble. The strength fled my body as my lungs blazed with the need to draw in a breath. I had to gulp down air.

And I couldn't.

The world swam dark on the edges. A sea of night that washed in from all directions like a tide closing in on a small island seeking to drown it beneath a black ocean. Fear rippled through me as my flames guttered out. 

I couldn't die like this. Kurtis and Lasla and Mother and our sex slaves needed me to fight. But... but...

The black sea closed in around me. I faded into

HEY! shouted Kurtis behind me. LET GO OF MY SISTER! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

Fury burned in me. The moment I had woken up and seen what that bitch Beliala was doing to my sister, fury blazed inside of me I roared my command as I charged at her. I gathered my lust to blast her with it. To dominate the bitch.

I hit the stairs, racing up them barehanded. I would make this demon squeal on my cock. She would howl out in rapture on my dick when I was through with her. I took the steps two at a time, sweeping towards her.

She swung Pyrriah before her. I crashed into my sister being strangled by the devil. I stumbled back and caught myself. I threw my lust into the demon. Beliala's desire to kill and hurt felt like adamantine. 

I had to make contact with her. I charged to the right, but she swung Pyrriah before me. She used my twin sister as a shield while strangling her to death. Fear swept through me. I had to kill this bitch. I bent down and grabbed my sister's discarded sword. 

I gripped my sword and darted to the left now, but the bitch held my sister out before her.

Fight me! I snarled.

I am, she said, this mocking smile on my lips.

Pyrriah gurgled, spasmed. Her head lolled to the side, her face turning blue. Fear lashed at my heart. Desperation had me darting right, left, trying to get around the demon's terrible shield. I couldn't attack without risking my sister's life.

How could I do this? How much longer did my sister had. I needed help. Lasla was up now, watching on in horror. She was no good in a fight. That left my dragon-mother. I stared at her, my heart racing.

Mother! I cried. Help!

She charged across the room, launched into action by my commands. I didn't release her collar, but I did dismiss the chastity belt. I just needed to get around her. To attack Beliala. Or mother could grab at that arm, hold my sister. Do anything to let one of us get a clean shot.

Her blue hair streaked behind her. Mother crossed the distance fast, snarling with fury. You let go of my daughter, Spawn of Throwia! 

Your daughter, gasped the demon. Oh, how sweet.

I darted to the right as Mother swept up the stairs. The demon swung Pyrriah, keeping my suffocating twin sister before me. That left the way clear for mother. She rushed up the stairs, her big boobs jiggling.

She threw herself at the demon.

Beliala's hand shot out and grabbed my dragon-mother by the throat, squeezing about the golden collar. The demon lifted Mother off the ground with ease. Now she had two shields. She laughed in triumph.

I dismissed the collar. Mother! Now!

For the first time since she had flown us from Jyou all those weeks ago, Mother assumed her real form. Without the golden chastity belt and collar to keep her from swelling, nothing could stop her from growing huge. Her neck elongated, her hair melting away while dragon horns thrust up from above her eyes. Blue scales melted out of her skin as her arms and legs elongated. A tail thrust out from her tailbone, claws growing. Wings sprouted from her back, thrusting out large and leathery.

Beliala's eyes widened in shock and terror as my mother swelled to her full size. As big as a small home. The demon held her by the throat, but her fingers could barely wrap around the wider neck. The dragon looked down.

That is my daughter, spawn! she snarled then a blast of hot steam exploded from her mouth. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Azuliana

It was wondrous to be a dragon again. To expand to my true form. My steam bathed the demon's face, blinding her. It wasn't hurting hershe could take scalding heatbut it distracted her. My claws slashed at her arm, ripping through her muscles.

She released Pyrriah.

Kurtis caught her and held her as she coughed for her breath. My wings beat in fury as Kurtis carried her to safety. Rage beat in my heart as my steam hissed out of my mouth. The demon flapped her wings, leaping out the stairs and out of my attack. She dripped with water, her hair soaked.

Hurt my daughter? I snarled, my wings flapping hard.

The demon thrust out her hand and conjured another whip. A big smile spread on her lips. I have never tortured one your ilk, dragon! she hissed. Azuliana, yes? Oh, you will howl on the ground like a puppy.

My jaws snapped down at her. She flapped her wings and slashed the whip down at my snout. Steam burst from my mouth and melted the shadows. My jaws kept flashing down and I bit her arm holding it. 

She screamed into pain as my jaws crushed her bone. Blood spurted into my mouth. I took such satisfaction in how she howled in pain. My head turned. I wrenched her arm from her body and spat it out on the ground.

She threw back her head and laughed. Her arm grew back. I reformed from the socket. A wicked gleam shot in her eyes. She was used to pain. Used to suffering. She served Throwia, and that sadistic Goddess was only gentle with one being.

Vedr, her wife.

Mmm, yes, yes, rip my limbs off, moaned Beliala. Use pain against me. That will tame me.

Her lash appeared and whipped out at me. It stuck my scales as I lunged my front paw out at her. She stuck me, shadows bursting across my scales. I didn't feel a thing. I planted my clawed foot into her chest and slammed her down on the ground. I stood over her, my claws piercing her breasts. Blood spilled.

She laughed again. That won't work. Her lash formed in her arms. I can still hurt the others, dragon. Your daughter.

I slammed my other paw down on that arm. Then Pyrriah darted past me and fell on the other, pinning it down. She wheezed for beneath, but she was alive and hale. The demon arched her eyebrow up at me.

Just what do you think this will do, dragon? demanded Beliala. I'm a demigoddess. Immortal. There is nothing you can do to kill me. Are you going to hold me here until the end of time? Huh?

No, I growled. My son is going to deal with you.

That's right, Lasla said as she appeared to my right. Naked and with a pussy dripping in incubus cum, she fell on the demon's face. My brother and I are going to crack that will of yours. We're going to make you into a pleasure-slut. How does that sound, demon?

Try it, snarled the demon. She thrashed, but I held her down. 

You are going to be begging for my cock until the end of time, Beliala, Kurtis said, his voice full of such confidence. My son could tame any creature with a pussy.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

I ducked beneath my dragon-mother. The warmth of her washed over me. I rubbed my hand into her belly, my cock throbbing out hard before me. 

Lasla already sat on the demon's face, feeding her the incubus's cum. He and the succubus were quivering on the ground where we had woken. Of course, Lasla had charmed the incubus. She was growing into her powers.

I would need her help to crack through the demon. 

I slid my hand up her flesh, loving the silkiness of her skin. I breathed in the scent of her spicy cunt. I pushed her thighs apart. She hissed, fighting me. Mother had the demon pinned. Pyrriah held the other arm.

Mmm, come on, lick up that incubus-jizz, purred my sister Lasla. That's just delicious. You want to eat it. Almost as good as my brother's cum. You're going to enjoy every last drop of it.

Yes, you are, I said and ducked my head down. I nuzzled into Beliala's hairless pussy. She was wet from her early activities. Hurting all my women, who still whimpered in pain, was something she had gotten off on.

But I would make her love this, too.

I licked at her spicy cunt, probing her desire. She still held that adamantine will up. But it wouldn't last forever. She would crack from my tongue licking. From Lasla leaking incubus-cum into the naughty demon's mouth. 

My dick ached as I thrust my tongue into her cunt. I swirled about in her. I loved the taste of her. She had a spicy delight that melted over my tongue. She groaned, her thighs squeezing about my face to crush me.

I didn't care. That held me right where I wanted to be.

My tongue danced around in her cunt, swirling about her. Stimulating her. She hissed. The pain that my dragon-mother's claws inflicted would only sweeten this for her. Beliala would find the pleasure and the pain to be stirring.

It would break her down.

This won't work, she hissed, her voice muffled by hot pussy. You think having her sit on my face as you eat my cunt will make me melt.

It will, I told her with complete confidence. I slid my tongue up to her clit. She gasped at that. You are going to be my little pleasure slut when I am done with you!

I suckled on her clit. She squeezed her thighs even harder on my mouth. My tongue danced around her bud. I polished her pearl, loving how she moaned into my sister's cunt. I could feel her body responding to the pleasure. Her pussy grew hotter. Her lusts swelling.

But her armor was still up.

So I licked with more force on her cunt. I lapped at her with hunger. I slid my tongue through her folds. She gaped into Lasla's pussy. I licked again at her. And again. My tongue fluttered up and down her folds.

She gasped, her thighs squeezing about my face. The pain and pleasure rushed through her. These were just the things a daughter of Throwia needed to feel. I licked at her clit then bit it with my teeth. Hard.

She gasped in pain and delight, moaning into Lasla's cunt.

Yes, yes, just like that, demon, moaned my sister. Ooh, you lick at my cunt. Just stir that tongue around in me. That's amazing. Yes, yes, I love that so much. You are going to make me cum, you know that? Just burst with delight. Mmm, that's going to be amazing, you pain-slut!

Yes, yes, make my daughter cum, growled Mother. Her voice rumbled with reptilian fury.

You think this will break me? laughed Beliala. Bite my clit. I don't care. I can take it!

I suckled on her clit. I nursed hard on her. She shuddered and writhed on her back. Her twat dripped juices that ran down my chin. It was a delight to lick at her. To feast on her with such hunger. She groaned as I did that. 

I licked and lapped with such a fury. My tongue dragged over her pussy. I thrust it into her cunt. swirling it around while my lusts spilled over her, searching for that crack. I felt my sister's doing the same thing. We both quested for the chink in Beliala's armor.

But the demon was strong.

Mother twisted her paw, her claws ripping at the demon's flesh. She howled in delight, her pussy clamping down on my probing tongue. I swirled around in her snatch, massaging her flesh. I wanted to make her cum. To just explode with such passion. 

I would defeat this bitch. 

I licked and lapped at her with hunger. My tongue darted through her folds. I swirled around in her snatch. I caressed her with hunger. She gasped, her pussy clamping down on my cunt. I savored the feel of her snatch around my tongue. 

Her spicy juices flowed over my tongue as her orgasm built and built inside of her. Feeding off pain and pleasure, she moaned into my sister's cunt. Lasla groaned, too. I watched her around Mother's foreleg pinning the demon down. My sister's round tits jiggled.

Yes, yes, just eat that pussy, she moaned. Mmm, you're surrendering to us!

The demon laughed. She was just eating the pussy to lull us into a false sense of security. She wasn't close to surrendering, but I knew that. I could feel it. I just needed to make her cum. That would open up the rift.

It had to.

How could we kill her if it didn't?

I didn't think about that. I put all my confidence into what I was doing. I would make her cum. I would make her explode. I suckled on her clit. My lips nibbled on that bud. She arched her back, her moans muffled by my sister's twat. 

I thrust a pair of fingers into her cunt. I fucked them in and out of her. I loved the way she gripped my digits. How she held me. It was just a delight. I churned her up. I pumped my fingers in and out of her cunt, her juices soaking my fingers.

My tongue swirled around her clit. I nipped her with my teeth.

Yes! she moaned, not fighting her orgasm. You will make me cum every day, boy! Yes!

Her pussy convulsed with rapture around my digits.

I ripped them out and drank her spicy cream. I gulped down her passion as she howled into my sister's cunt. The demon bucked on the ground, shifting her flesh around those talons buried into her chest. Her juices spilled over my chin.

I swept over her lusts, searching for that crack to exploit. Lasla's washed over the demon, too. There had to be some weakness now that she was cumming. That she was bucking on her back and crying out her orgasmic pleasure.

I licked at her pussy, questing for it. I had to find it. There had to be something in her. I slid over the smooth, hard shell around her lust. Her adamantine will was impenetrable. I couldn't reach into her and affect her even with her cumming.

I slid over a little divot.

I paused. A hole. Barely more than a pinprick. I shoved just a trickle of my lust into her. It was almost nothing, but I was in her. Lasla's lusts found mine. She gasped, squirming on the demon's face, and orgasmed.

My sister cried out in rapture, bathing the demon's face in pussy juices as she shoved her desires into that hole with me. Climaxing, Lasla had a surge of strength that widened the hole just a big. Not much, but more of our passion poured into the demon.

Yes, yes, yes, Beliala gasped.

I rose. I had just enough in her to make her horny for my dick. To start the taming process. My cock ached. I could probably breed her. She was a demon. A child of Pater and Throwia. I bet my cum would find an egg.

I rose and buried my dick into her pussy. I shuddered as that hot cunt engulfed me. The top of my head rubbed into my mother's belly. That hot twat gripped me. I savored that snatch about me. I loved the feel of her twat about me.

Mmm, you going to fuck me into being your slave, moaned Beliala, her twat clamping around me.

That is exactly what I am going to do to you, I groaned, drawing back my hips, her pussy clinging to my dick. What do you think, Lasla.

Oh, yes, we're going to make you into our little bitch, Beliala, my sister cooed. I love making haughty cunts into submissive sluts. You'll be licking my pussy whenever I snap my fingers and getting ass-fucked by my brother whenever he feels the itch to use your worthless hole.

I felt Lasla's lust manipulating Beliala to crave that humiliation. Swelling those masochistic tendencies that let her find pleasure in the agony speared through her body and channeling it to a new path. Emotional pain.

Yes, yes, you should be honored that I'm wasting my time fucking such a worthless cunt as you, Beliala, I said, my lusts working on her craving for my cock. Her desire to be owned. To be taken hard by me. Thank me for fucking your pathetic pussy!

She laughed into my sister's cunt. 

Oh, you don't want me to fuck your pussy? I asked, surging my lust hard into that part of her. I ripped my cock out of her cunt. I have plenty of other cunts that are worth my time to fuck.

Mmm, you're licking one of them, Lasla cooed. My pussy was made for his dick. But yours... God, it's one of the lowliest out there. An ugly demon like you should be begging to be fucked by him.

Begging, Pyrriah hissed. I don't know why my brother is even wasting his time with you. He could be fucking my pussy.

That's right, I said. I thought I'd give you a pity fuck, Beliala, but now... Why should I?

Her lusts quivered. Her legs twitched. Well... I mean... I thought you were going to tame my cunt with your big dick.

Eh, I said. Not sure you're worth the effort. We should just chain you up, throw you in the darkest pit of Drakin Castle, and leave a vibrator in your cunt to hum away. That'll keep you company for the next few hundred years.

But... but... She whimpered. I mean... You have to best me.

I have bested you, I said. 

You have to tame my pussy. You have to fuck me with that big dick. Please, please, fuck me with that cock.

I smiled. My sister and I were both in her lusts. There was no hope for the demon. She was already ours. We reshaped her desires as she begged for my cock. She needed it so much. Mother lifted her claws, leaving the bloody holes that healed. 

I grabbed Beliala's breasts. You really need me to fuck your cunt, whore?

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned. My dirty, unworthy cunt needs to have your dick in me. Please, please, I need it. Throwia's stinging lash, pound my cunt. I want to cum on your amazing dick, Kurtis.

Lord Kurtis, Lasla said, grinding her pussy on the demon's face.

Please, please fuck my cunt, Lord Leo! moaned the demon. She humped the air. I need your big dick in me. Make me into your slut.

I rammed my cock into her cunt.

I savored her pussy engulfing my dick. Her hot flesh squeezed about me. I groaned as I plunge into her twat. My hands squeezed her big boobs. I kneaded them as I savored her hot flesh around me. I drew back my hips, her cunt clenching around me.

The feel of her pussy holding me was an amazing delight. I rammed back into her twat. I fucked into her hard and fast. I buried to the hilt into her snatch, savoring her pussy gripping my dick. She had an amazing grip on me.

She moaned into my sister's pussy, licking and lapping at Lasla's cunt. She grabbed her breast and kneaded them, winking at me. I grinned back at her. Together, we had changed the demon's lusts. Made her into our slut.

Are you thankful? moaned Lasla, her hips grinding her snatch on the demon's face.

Yes, yes, thank you, Lord Leo, for fucking my unworthy pussy! groaned Beliala. Oh, yes, yes, I'm going to cum so hard. Just explode on your amazing dick. Thank you! Thank you so much!

I grinned as her pussy gripped me. She held me tight in that hot cunt. I groaned, savoring the heat building and building at the tip of my cock. I buried into her, my nuts slapping into her flesh. The ache swelled at the tip of my cock.

I loved the way a woman's pussy, even a demon's, built and built that itch at the crown of my dick. That wonderful pressure just waiting to burst and flood my seed into her cunt. It would be just a magical moment. I thrust harder. Faster.

I buried into that hot sheath. I groaned, savoring the pleasure of it. The pressure built in my nuts. My cum was eager to flood her. To breed her. I squeezed her big boobs. I loved the feel of them in my hand. My thumbs swept over her nipples.

She groaned into my sister's cunt at that.

Lord Leo! she whimpered.

Fuck that slut's dirty cunt hard! Lasla moaned. Ooh, pound her, brother. She loves it! The nasty whore!

Yes, yes, I'm a dirty slut and a nasty whore! the demon moaned. Yours, Lord Leo!

I grinned and buried to the hilt in her cunt. The ache swelled closer and closer. I hurtled towards that moment of spurting all my jizz into her. Just flooding her with everything that I had. The pleasure ached in my nuts. It was incredible to feel building and building in me. 

I groaned, the heat swelling. My nuts aching. I was so close to this burs to rapture. I would just shower her twat with my jizz. I slammed into her twat. I fucked her hard and fast, her pussy clamping down hard on my cock.

She was close to cumming.

I flared her pleasure, eager to dump my jizz in her then rescue Queen Tinia. Another fairy I had to fuck and breed. And Lupiz's sister, too. I had so many women to breed here. Then find the secret that would let me knock up my step-mother and my two older sisters.

Yes, yes, yes, I growled. Gods, this will be great. Cum, slut!

Cum! Lasla moaned, her own orgasm building. 

Yes, Lord Leo! Beliala squealed into my sister's cunt. She bucked on the flagstones, her pussy writhing around my dick. I'm so honored, Lord Kurtis!

I groaned and buried to hilt in her cunt. Her pussy rippled around me. The pleasure convulsed around my dick. It was an incredible feeling that delight sucking at me. I had her surrender. She was mine. Her fertile twat nursed at my aching dick.

I buried to the hilt in her and erupted.

My seed pumped into the demon's pussy. Into her womb. I flooded her and bred her. My head threw back as the demon's cunt writhed around my cock. She moaned into my sister's twat as I fired blast after blast of my jizz into her cunt.

Las's big dick! I groaned. 

Oh, Kurtis! Lasla moaned, her body quivering. Gods, yes!

She came on Beliala's face a second time as my jizz pumped over and over into the demon's pussy. That hot cunt milked me. I groaned, unloading everything that was held in my balls. I emptied my nuts into her. I savored that delight. I loved the rush of cumming in her. Stars danced before my eyes. 

Gods damn, I groaned as I fired the last of my cum into her. Gods damn, that's

Bravo! a woman cried.

Applause echoed through the room. I whipped my head around to see a tall woman with long, black hair falling around her body. She wore a corset of black leather that lifted her large breasts and heeled boots that went up to her mid-thigh. 

She held out her and a lash appeared that dripped with blood.

Her presence washed over me like a wave of cold fear, banishing the high of my orgasm. This wasn't a mortal, wasn't a demigoddess. This was Throwia, Goddess of Suffering, manifested before us. She had a wicked smile as she advanced on us. 

Well done, she purred. Taming Beliala... Impressive. You turned my favorite toy into a mewling, worthless slut. 

Fear squeezed my heart. 

To be continued...
