The Mis-adventures of Heidi (Part 1) - The Beginning
Ok people looks like I'll have to carry this site single handedly on my back! Don't make me!! Here's a story, fictional but based on real events. I'll post more if you like it. If you don't.. well I'll post more anyway! :P Either way I would appreciate some sort of feedback. 


I’m Heidi and I’m 14. I catch a bus home from school everyday and there’s a cute boy that sits a few rows in front of me that I like but I have never really talked too yet. On the same bus there’s a fat girl named Charlene and her loser friend that I always love to pick on and call names. She’s such a fat dorky loser I can’t help it. My friends and I (who are part of the popular crowd) always make a point to pick on her whenever we see her. This one day, though, it would have been much better for me to have just kept my mouth shut. 

This day after making my usual rude comments to “Fatty” and “The Loser” (as I affectionately had nick named them) they suddenly stood up and came at me! To my surprise “Fatty” and her friend were mad and wanted to fight! Getting in my face they both pulled me out of my seat and dragged me into the aisle. The bus was packed with kids who circled around us blocking the bus driver’s line of site. It was 2 against one and they were bigger than me so I was at their mercy. The kid’s around us started chanting “fight –fight- fight” as they stood me up right in front of the boy I have a crush on. They started pushing me around. I tried to get away from them but they grabbed my shirt, tearing it and eventually ripping it right off me altogether. I was so embarrassed standing there in front of everyone in only my bra. Seeing me getting stripped the other kids started laughing and egging them on now hoping for more. I felt my bra get undone from behind and start to get pulled off too now. Holding my hands over my chest I tried to keep it on but it was no use. A second later they had it off of me leaving me topless cupping my bare boobs. I hung my head in shame covering my chest. Before I knew it then Fatty went for my skirt. She pulled it hard tearing it off of me in a flash leaving me standing there only in my knickers now! Everyone was going wild. I was soooo embarrassed I was ready to cry. 

Spurred on by all the cheers she set out to completely humiliating me now. She spun me around so she was behind me and then forced me to bend over. Bending over with me she grabbed me by the back of my knees and lifted me up this way forcing my knees to my chest with my legs spread. She held me up like this so I could not move. She spread my legs apart so my thong covered crotch was on display right in everyone’s face! I must have looked so stupid topless & in only a thong kicking my legs crying to be put down. I could not get free no matter how I tried and I could see all the guys staring at my barely covered crotch! I heard someone say he could see my pubic hair through the thin cloth! It was just horrible! I was carried around like this and my butt was lifted up and placed on the seat edge right in front of my crush spread eagle! My thong was pulled up my butt so he could probably see everything! The crowd pushed in around me tightly to get a better look and pinned like this I could barely breath. There were hands all over me and then the worst happened. I saw Loser, Fatty’s friend, reach in and PULL MY THONG TO THE SIDE exposing my p*ssy and a**hole to everyone! There were laughs and cheering and even a few fingers touching me right between my legs! I thought I was going to get fingers stuck in me! I saw people hi-fiving each other and taking pictures of me like this with their cell phones. Everything was a blur of hands and arms now so I could not see who did it but someone grabbed my thong by the crotch part and torn it open. My knickers were just a shredded elastic band around my waist now. If not for that I would have been basically stark naked! Fatty finally let me go dropping me on the seat and then she flipped me over pushing me face down on the bus seat with my bare ass on display. She bent my arm behind my back and sat on me pinning me down getting ready to spank my bare bottom as the other kids went wild. 

All the cheering and madness going on must have finally got the attention of the moron bus driver (thank God!) because he came back pulling kids out of the way left and right till he got to me. Seeing me naked and crying he told everyone to get back, and he was going to report the incident. I just grabbed my clothes and ran off the bus crying in naked humiliation. 

The next day the pictures were already being passed around school and e-mailed everywhere. I was nick named Heidi Hieney and some renamed me just “Heiney” instead. My reputation as a cool popular girl was ruined by this forever. From that day on I got picked on and mocked almost every single day. I became the butt of jokes and cruel pranks and was abused, stripped, or had my clothes taken away regularly by everyone who wanted a good laugh. Even the nerds did cruel things to me! It was the beginning of a long horrible experience at school.



The Mis-Adventures of Heidi (Part 2.1) – Catholic School
In 8th grade (my worst year ever) I got transferred to a private Catholic School with strict administrators that punished us for every little infraction they could catch. After getting in trouble with drinking and drugs at my previous school my parents preferred the strict discipline they offered in an effort to keep me in line. I pretty much hated every minute of it. 

Well it was just about the end of the semester and time to post all our grades as they did traditionally on the class board. Normally I always got A's and B's in everything but in science this time I got a C-. I was very upset about this and a smart ass guy in my class who saw my grade decided to poke fun at me for it. Right in front of everybody he said, “C minus in science?? Come on Heidi, what are you stupid or something? It's so easy!!” Everyone burst out laughing embarrassing the hell out of me so I walked over and kicked him right in the balls. Naturally, we were both immediately ordered to the Principal's office and interrogated separately about it. 

The Principal of the school was a mean old bastard (sorry but I hated him!) named Mr. Mailing. He was like 50 something years old, with a tired wrinkly face, wore stuffy old suits and he smelled funny. Like bad cologne or mothballs or something gross like that. He always looked serious, and spoke with this stuffy English accent. After the interrogations he brought us both into his office and told me, "It is only fair that since I put John (the boy I kicked) through so much pain, he should be able to return it, within the limitations of school regulations". Not knowing exactly what that meant I got scared. He pulled out the wooden paddle used for server discipline and my heart sank knowing I was going to be paddled. I had only heard about this and up to this point had thought it was just a rumor! To make it even worse he then told me that he would let John do the honors of spanking me instead of him! 

Still stunned by all of this he ordered me to stand up and bend over his desk and then handed the paddle to John. Feeling very intimidated by his authority I reluctantly followed through. At the time I felt like I had no choice. I was made to count off the hits, as John got his jollies whacking me across the butt with extra vigor. It hurt but I stood tough knowing it would all be over soon. Unfortunately this worked against me because with each whack the Principle noticed more and more the lack of any signs of pain or discomfort on my face leading him to believe the punishment was not server enough. Looking back on the whole ordeal I should have cried and screamed making them think my punishment was bad. After about nine whacks the Principal ordered John to stop, and told me to stand up and pull my jeans down! I was shocked, totally shocked. At first I hesitated still having trouble with what I was told to do. After being ordered a second, then a third time to pull my jeans down he exploded on me like a Marine sergeant shouting orders. He said I either needed to drop my pants or he would have them removed for me! I had never seen him so angry. It scared me. Reluctantly I undid my jeans and wiggled them down past my hips. As if this wasn’t bad enough then it got worse. I was wearing a thong, which is totally against school rules. Principal Mailing scoffed at this in disgust. With pretty much most of my bare butt showing I was ordered to bend back over the desk for the remainder of my paddling. John resumed whacking me across my now bare cheeks and the pain was waaaay worse. Still being forced to count off each whack I started to cry. After my 20th hit the principle ordered John to stop and then dismissed him. My ass was on fire! I knew I’d be the embarrassment of the school once John told everybody what happened. 

After John left the Principal shut the door again and sternly told me I was “a completely undisciplined young lady that needed to be taught a server lesson for my infractions.” He pulled me over his lap and began spanking my butt with his bare hands all the time verbally reprimanding me for dressing like a “tramp” at school. He sure seemed into what he was doing too. This is when things got weird. After about 10 whacks he grabbed the back of my waistband and PULLED MY THONG DOWN saying it was “a violation of school rules and therefore unacceptable on campus.” I couldn’t believe he had pulled my knickers down, leaving me basically nude from the waist down right there on his lap. My bare butt was right in his face! I tried to protest but he held me over his knee saying I deserved the “trashing of a lifetime”. He smacked away at my red cheeks as I cried and kicked my legs. The more I struggled the more rough he got with me. After a while he was holding me down by my lower back with his hand right on my ass while grabbing and pulling my cheeks apart smacking me on the inside of my cheek right near my crotch! I can only imagine what that sick bastard saw from his angle! He sure was enjoying punishing me like this. In the kicking and struggling to get lose I felt his fingers conveniently wander between my cheeks sometimes even touching on my asshole and pussy here and there! When done he forced me to stand up with no pants on and stand there as he threatened to have me expelled for any further infractions. Every time I tried to cover up he ordered me to keep my hands at my side standing at attention. Then he made me stands bottomless in the corner facing the wall while he wrote up written reprimand for my file. I’m sure he was staring at my naked ass the whole time. It was the most humiliating experience of my life up to that point. 

After he finally let me get dressed and leave (ordering me to leave the thong behind!) I went back to class red faced with embarrassment. I could only imagine what everyone was thinking looking at me. I finished class and afterwards John came up and asked me what else happened. At first I didn’t even want to talk to him but then he mentioned that he hadn’t told anyone yet about the spanking. I was so relieved. I begged him to not say anything to anyone about it and he said he would not, but only if I came over his house after school. I asked him why, but he wouldn’t tell me. He just said if I didn’t want anyone lese to find out to do what he said. Reluctantly I agreed. 

Part 2.2 to follow



The Mis-Adventures of Heidi (Part 2.2) - Dirty Secrets
After school I met John and we went to his house. He only lived a block away from school so we were there in like 5 minutes. His parents weren’t home and he had the house to himself till they got back from work after 5pm. It was then that he told me that he would promise not to say anything to anyone about being paddled only if I agreed to do everything he asked. Nervously I asked him again what he meant. Finally after long awkward moments passed he revealed to me that he would promise not to tell anyone about anything that happened in the Principles office only if I agree to strip all my clothes off! He wanted to see me naked! My first gut reaction was to say no way, but before I could answer he told me if I didn’t he was going to tell everyone about me having to take my pants off and be spanked in the principals office, and that I cried and everything. I knew I’d be harassed till the end of time at school if word got out about it. Under pressure I finally gave in to his perverted request. 

He led me to his room and then he told me to “just stand there.” Wanting to just get it over with, I started to unbutton my shirt but he stopped me saying he wanted to do it. I stood there as he undid my shirt, then knelt down in front of me and started undoing my jeans. Once unbuttoned he proceeded wrestle my tight jeans down off my hips. My heart raced as I felt my jeans and knickers come down slowly exposing my bare pussy in front of his face not 6” away. He let out a sigh as if overcome with excitement at what he saw. It was embarrassing. With my jeans and knickers around my knees he then pulled my shoes and socks off, and finished removing my jeans altogether. Then he went for my shirt removing that, then undoing my bra he popped it off exposing my boobs. Totally naked and exposed in the cool air of his bedroom I felt my nipples get erect. He told me to slowly turn around and when he saw my raw red spanked ass he let out a startled “Ohhh”. I guess it was pretty red. It sure hurt like heck still. 

Once done I told him, “OK, I did what you asked so were done now, right?” I went for my clothes but he stopped me. “Oh, no no, we’re not done yet” he said with a smirk on his face. I tried to get to my clothes back but he would not let me. He grabbed my clothes and threw then in this locker at the foot of his bed and locked it shut. “Hey! Give me my clothes back! We had a deal!” I said standing there awkwardly aware of being completely nude and trapped that way. Then he said that my ass looked really red and sore and that he had better put lotion on it to help it heal faster. I said, “No thanks”, but he ignored this and pulled me over to the bed. Naked, I struggled to break free but he insisted and eventually got me face down pulled over his knee, just like the Principal had gotten me. “Oh no, PLEASE don’t spank me!! My butt is so sore already!” I pleaded with him. I was almost ready to cry again. With a soothing voice he said, “I’m not going to spank you. I just want to help.” With that he grabbed a bottle of lotion off his nightstand and squirted it all over my naked ass. He began gently rubbing it into my tender cheeks saying, “See, doesn’t that feel good?” As much as I protested it actually did feel good. He continued rubbing and caressing my ass cheeks till I eventually stopped resisting. I felt his hands work their way up and down my cheeks and back and eventually in between my cheeks. “What are you doing?” I asked him as I felt his hands go deeper in between. I felt a flush of warmness hit me. Embarrassed I felt my face get hot now too. He reached up under me and gently grabbed and squeezed my hanging tit too, pinching the nipple. I felt goose pimples rush across me. He rubbed the lotion in well, eventually working his fingers between my legs. Feeling my wetness he said, “Ah, you like this don’t you?” Lying there still I was too embarrassed to answer. He rubbed my cheeks and worked his hands in between getting more and more invasive till he had 2 fingers in my pussy fingering me. Then squirting extra lotion into my ass crack he worked his other index finger into my lubed up asshole. He fingered my asshole and pussy in and out, faster and faster, till I was moaning ready to come. I could not believe I had been talked into this. I tried to resist but he could feel it building and told me that he would spank my ass if I didn’t come. I kept saying, “No no please don’t…” and then “Uuhhunnngghhhh!!”, it happened. With his fingers deep inside jack hammering both my holes I arched my back and had a gut wrenching orgasm right there on his lap. He continued to finger my privates till I pushed his hands away embarrassed over the whole ordeal. 

Afterwards he let me up, but still refused to let me have my clothes back till I satisfied him now too. I told him, “I don’t do that”, but he taunted me by dangling the key to the locker in front of me saying do it or I would have to walk home naked. He mentioned that his parents were due back soon also so I was running out of time. Finally I gave in agreeing to “blow him”. He made me get on my knees naked and suck him off as he looked down on me. Awkwardly I sucked his hard dick letting it slid in and out of my mouth. Eventually he got annoyed at my lack of “bj” experience and grabbed the back of my head and rammed his cock in and out of my mouth over and over nearly making me gag. He pushed his cock deep down my mouth and ejaculated right into my throat. It was disgusting, and gagging I tried to pull away, but he would not let go of the back of my head till he finished. His goo was to much for me and nearly puking from the gross taste it dribbled out of the sides of my mouth, and down my chin and chest. My eyes were watering from gagging, and with his spew all over me I must have looked a mess. He stood over me trying to rub his gooey cock all over my face. I turned away in disgust and he just laughed. I felt so degraded. 

Well, eventually he let me have my clothes back. He let me go that day but as time passed he used the spanking incident “secret” more and more as an excuse to coerce sexual favors from me. For a while there it became a regular after school thing between us. Just our little secret.







