Sexual Characteristics and Proclivities Among the Sentients of Feldare
by Aldo Undertoe Esq. (Edition 1 - Issue 2)

Disclaimer ------------------------------

The very first thing do remember when considering a fun journey across racial lines is that some races regard sexual practices more or less sacrosanct than your own. The entire endeavor can be placed in jeopardy if you are either too demanding or too flighty about the emotional ties that may be forged by such contact. Always remember, that if you are the instigator of such activity, then it is incumbent upon you to ensure that no one gets hurt.

Introduction ------------------------------

If you have purchased this tome, then you are probably a connoisseur of the delights of leaving the strictures of sexual activity within your own specific species or sub-species. Congratulations! You have just opened a whole new world of potential partners and play pals to yourself. This work, while not pretending to be a be-all and end-all resource for your upcoming debauchery into cross-species sexual play, but is a primer to prepare you for the new world you are thinking of entering. - Also, thanks for the half-mark.

About the Author ------------------------------

I am Aldo Undertoe Esq, and, as you may have divined, I am a halfling, or as we call ourselves, a Terrin. I have spent the vast majority of my life engaged in travel over the realms of Feldare and have acquired quite a lot of knowledge of the world and its inner workings. While I do not pretend to be a sage of learned lore, I am a expert on practical knowledge that can actually keep one out of, or alternately get one into, trouble. You may ask: What does one of them little buggers know about sex with other species? Well, the answer, quite simply is LOTS. Most of the issues of sexual conquest are not physical beauty or sexual proportions, it is in the mind of the instigator, and my mind is constantly instigating. Im even thinking of making a move on the female scribe that is transcribing this into text for me this very minute. Why dont we get a drink after were done today? Oh, yeah, you can stop writing... ...Now, as I was saying. Yeah, I know you dont normally do that with people youve just met. It was pretty fun, I agree. AS I WAS SAYING. I have garnered much knowledge of things sexual, along with some correspondents of mine that specialize in other areas of sexual interaction. We have accumulated this lore into the work you now hold in your sweaty little palms.

Correspondents ------------------------------ 

Sharesh ------------------------------

A rakasta of undeniable physical prowess and beauty. She has been gracing Feldare for some twenty six years. Rakasta, as you may know, are feline humanoids. Sharesh is a fine example of her species, possessing soft thin gray fur and a very fine figure. Her tail adds a dimension to her antics that cant quite be put into words, except possibly Mwaaaa, wow that felt good!. She does have retractable claws, and if one is very lucky she will show you just how precision her control over them is. She is our resident expert on mid-sized humanoids and near-humanoids, and our primary female to female specialist as well.

Hanna Undertoe ------------------------------

My younger sister, and our expert on smaller races, though she isnt above taking on the occasional larger race if the mood strikes her. She is also our grand master of fellatio, with a medal to prove it. She always seeks to expand her horizons, and capabilities. Despite persistent rumors of halflings lacking strong morals regarding incest, she and I have only a professional relationship.

Juan Cerveza de la Noche ------------------------------

Hailing from Costa Roja, Juan is our resident expert on females of any species that humans can interact with, which ends up being pretty much all of them. He is a well-built and good-looking human with slick black hair and deep brown eyes. He also has more confidence than a organized crime syndicate. Juan has become a very accomplished second-story man, mainly from fleeing irate husbands and boyfriends. The group has intentionally kept Juan and Sharesh from meeting to prevent any Unstoppable force/Immovable object situations from arising.

Willow Reed ------------------------------

A centaur gel from the Southern Realms. She has fled her people (and her arranged wedding) and become something of a celebrity in Ghant and the Windy Isles. Her sexual proclivities span many species and even genus. She is our resident expert on oversized partners and activities. Her tender age of seventeen would lead one to think she is inexperienced, they would be wrong. Willow believes that there are three hundred sixty days in a year and if she can get action on even one third of them, then she should manage a hundred and twenty partners a year, and be damned if she doesnt at least get close.

Sarah Longtresses ------------------------------

A human from the Windy Isles and a voracious consumer of things a bit on the edgy side. Piercing, body art, and extreme forms of sexual play, including bondage, body modification, and other forms of play. She is a partner who should be approached carefully, if at all. And be certain you have all your affairs in order, as you may not be seen again for a while, if ever. She is a statuesque woman of over six feet height, with a trim figure and thigh-length black hair. Her eyes are icy blue and her personality is just as cold.

Grudsnot Twofist ------------------------------

A member of the Coghlandish civilized orcs tribes. Grudsnot is a accomplished warrior and lover of women. He is well-mannered for an orc and keeps himself meticulously clean. Grudsnot is not concerned over the sex of his potential partners and will usually take on all comers. He maintains a special diet that we devised to keep his internal body chemistry in check to prevent the dreaded putred semen issue. Grud is our resident expert in buggery and the male expert in large-scale penetrations.

Windpass Twofist ------------------------------

Gruds half-sister and partner when Grud nor she can find other partners. She acts as our de-facto expert on non-humanoid partners of most any sort, and one of the female to female specialists, also. She is a well-built orc female who, like her brother, is careful about her grooming. She enjoys men who come onto her, usually quickly before booting them out the door to give another sot a chance. She is also by default our expert in multiple partners in one act and sequentially.


Basics ------------------------------

When one is considering getting into the lifestyle as we call it, one should always consider what it is that they seek. Do you just want new sensations, or are you after some seriously different activities? There is no right or wrong answer here, but you should know what your goal is before selecting and seducing your first partner. If you just want a little vicarious thrill, then a small change may do wonders, and you neednt wander too far from the nest, so to speak. A simple dalliance into a near race will probably suffice. However, if you are wanting a act that is inherently different from what you may be used to, then crossing into some of the farther out species is recommended, as you will find play in these rarified airs rewarding and entertaining.

Keep in mind that you may find that you get more (or less) than you bargained for. If faced with a situation like this, try to simply adapt to it, if you can at all, you may find that you had abilities and tolerances you never knew you had, and you will have made a friend for your efforts, even if, ultimately, they fail. It is the height of rudeness to get someone or something into the mood then leave them hanging because of some insecurity you may have about pain, swelling, bleeding, or mental trauma. You started it, so keep that in mind. Buck up and take care of business.

Helpful tips are included in the appendix for those who need practical knowledge on issues faced. Such as super-slick lubricating herbs, wound ointments, muscle relaxants, stretching exercises, enhancement toys, and positions for various combinations. One would be wise to at least peruse these useful articles, as you might be surprised at what may come up during a play session.

Races ------------------------------

The articles regarding the races are written without regard to morality of any given culture or species. Bear in mind that we stick with simple facts and opinion, and no absolutes are presented as rote. Please feel free to send me correspondence regarding your activities if you find you can add to the information contained herein, and you may be added to our list of honorary correspondents. Send your letters to: Aldo Undertoe Esq, Out past the old windmill, Marchfurrow, Windy Isles. Be sure to include your name and any illustrations needed to complete your concept.

Avariel ------------------------------

The avariel are a elven sub-species who are winged folk. They are lovely to behold and the most graceful of fliers. Unfortunately, they cannot carry enough weight to bear another person aloft (even a halfling). One may use other magical means to fly, though, and engage in their particular form of aerial intercourse [Or a flying fuck. - Grudsnot]. 

They conform fairly normally to elven capabilities and tolerances in their partner selection, and are similarly equipped themselves. Note that they have hollow bones, and are somewhat fragile, so that should be borne in mind if you are of a larger species, with great mass. [Yeah, keep that in mind, poor lass. - Grudsnot] You may wish to allow them to be on top or at least not lay completely on them. Also, on the ground, mind the wings. You may be lucky enough that they will choose to include their wings in the play, and you will find few things softer than an avariel feather on something delicate. Most avariel whom I have spoken to that engage in extra-racial sexual activity are cognizant of this and will usually happily oblige.

Dwarves ------------------------------

The folk of the mountain can be magnificent lovers. They take their duties very seriously, and if you manage to get out of the tunnels or forges and into the bedroom, they take that just as seriously. Any job worth doing is worth doing well. Might well be a dwarven adage. Dwarven partners are virtually without equal in the stamina department, and many can go several days with proper feeding up between rounds [Praised be the One, its true! - Sharesh]. The issue of dwarven appearance merits note, since the females appear as the males to a great extent, it is usually best to let the dwarf initiate the relationship, as they will usually know your sex. However, there is a small proportion of dwarves of both bisexual and homosexual nature, and you may find yourself on the receiving end of a mining expedition.

Despite popular misconception, dwarven males do not have short stumpy organs. Their torsos are nearly the same dimensions as a humans with truncated arms and legs. Their sexual organs are also similar to human size to a great degree, though they are, on average, slightly thicker [See appendix 1]. Note that what you see at first may not be what you get. Their thick hair on their lower abdomens and groin may well conceal two to three inches of length that will find its way to you when the hair is flattened between two bodies [That was one hell of a surprise, I must say. - Hanna].

Dwarven females are nearly identical to the males when clothed, but they do have rather impressive breasts when nude and very usable vaginas [They have incredible pain tolerance, as well. - Sarah][See appendix 2]. The hair issue may throw some people off, but remember, its just hairs, they arent you enemy. You will find few partners more resilient against heavy use than a dwarven woman, along with their ability to perform impressive feats of strength, like making you do it while you just ride along.

Neither sex of dwarf is too keen on oral sex, this is assumed to be tracked back to their relative hairiness. They may engage in it with encouragement, but will rarely go out of their way to give or receive it. Dwarven females who play with other females are a notable exception to this [And how. - Sharesh].

Elves ------------------------------

Elven lovers are celebrated in song and story. Let me assure you, there is not one word of hyperbole to it. Elves are lovely creatures, and make enthusiastic, creative lovers [Especially enthusiastic - Juan][Especially creative - Willow]. While physically slight, in proportion to a human, they more than make up for it in flexibility and creativity [And nimble fingers, woohoo! - Willow]. If one is lucky enough to take one to the bedroom, they will find their partner willing to experiment quite openly, and usually up to most any challenge that isnt downright dangerous. Older partners are even more adventurous, one assumes they are bored with all the normal things they have done over the last two hundred years.

Elven males are equipped in a middling to small fashion [See appendix 1]. Do not let this relatively small size fool you, you will be pleased with how it is used. Elves are masters of the elven touch wherein they can touch one so lightly that it elicits reactions that are far out of proportion to the cause. [Elf semen tastes of cinnamon! - Hanna]

Elven females are able to accommodate most small- to mid- sized organs [See appendix 2]. They are energetic, but quickly become attached to their partners emotionally, so if you dont intend a long-term relationship, cut it off within a few weeks. Elves have a lot of years to fill, and dallying with you for ten or twenty is little consequence to them.

Note that elves of either sex possess no facial or body hair of any kind, not even the little hairs on arms and legs.

Half Elves ------------------------------

Half elves, while rare, offer a special opportunity to get the best of both species. While not quite as delicate or sensitive as a elf, theyre not quite as clumsy or fumbling as a human. They present an attractive compromise between the two races. Also, it should be noted, half elves are sterile, which may either present a problem or benefit, depending on ones outlook. They do not have particular cultural moreys as they have not unique culture unto themselves, and usually adopt whatever culture they happen to be within at the time. 

Half elven males are blessed with organs of middling size [See appendix 1]. Most females can handle them quite well, though some of the larger species may find them lacking. Half elven males are notorious cross-speciesists, and are also quite often bisexual [Yup. - Grodsnot]. Their lack of a central compass for their sexual outlet, being sterile makes them prime candidates for this lifestyle.

Female half elves are similar to their male counterparts, and are notorious for never having sex with half elves. They are often bisexual and cross-speciesist by nature. They have similar capacities for lovers size to a midpoint between humans and elves [See appendix 2].

Half elves of both sexes relish oral sex to a great degree both as givers and recipients. They are only matched, possibly by halflings [That was one hell of a night. - Hanna]. They rarely need any encouragement to perform it and almost certainly expect it to be done to them. Some, particularly small half elves like to impersonate elves for the purpose of securing lovers. The presence of pubic hair of any kind will give this ruse away. Not that it usually makes much difference.

Half Ogres ------------------------------

Half ogres are not for the faint of heart. They are basically very large and brutish humans, and their size should never be underestimated [Even I gasped. Willow]. They possess some of the largest humanoid tackle available [See appendix 1]. Their tendencies run toward the violent [Indeed, some are quite affectionate. - Sarah]. Ogres of both sexes enjoy cross-species play, and they will go to great lengths to participate [Kidnapping, murder, extortion, bribery, or even bathing. - Willow].

The females are actually quite fun to play with, and are both affectionate and playful in the bedroom [See appendix 2]. They are also noticeably brighter than the males. Their loyalty is questionable in many cases, as they do not have family units of their own, being sterile mules themselves.

Halflings ------------------------------

The little folk are not to be overlooked as potential lovers. They are copious and capable partners, and are usually quite willing to play in bed, especially with food. Many an halfling lass has been tempted into compromising positions with a fruit pie or well-tossed salad [It happened just like that - Hanna]. Do not let their small stature alarm you, they are quite at home among big folk, and adept at avoiding being stepped on, tripped over, or lain upon [Unless that was the goal - Juan].

Halfling males are looked upon, generally, with disdain for their small organs [See appendix 1]. However, people passing over these small gentlemen are missing out on what could be the greatest oral encounter of their lives. Halflings, like no other, love to perform oral sex on others. This is due to two factors, natural inclination to put their mouths on things, and their tendency to be near that level anyways.

Halfling females share their male counterparts affinity for oral stimulation. They are experts, usually by age 14, at such acts, and no halfling woman in history has had a gag reflex. Most normal-sized races will find the females accommodating vaginally, as well, able to handle most of them with some patience [They are such fine cooks, too - Juan][See appendix 2].

It cannot be stated enough how adept halflings are, in general, with oral sex. If a halfling offers to do it for you, what have you got to loose? Perhaps only some inhibitions. Halflings will often perform the act on others with little or no expectation of return favors, the pleasure of providing others with pleasure is often enough for their kind hearts [And, bless my soul, they will, too! - Sharesh].

Humans ------------------------------

One may think that they know all about the commonest race on Feldare. They would probably be wrong. Even humans will admit that humans are a complicated and varied species. Humans are probably the largest single races contribution to the cross-species sexual community there is. They are also other species most common partners, as a whole [Hell, my very first partner of any kind was human - Hanna][Mine, too - Sharesh][Ditto - Juan][Nod - Willow]. It should be noted that humans are also notoriously interfertile with most other sentients, for unknown reasons. This works both ways, and human females should beware in far-reaching sexual escapades. Males should remain cognizant of where they are spreading their seed, as well, as some species take fatherhood very seriously [And some are strong with large fists. - Juan].

Human males are the stick upon which all other sticks are measured, quite literally [He said stick - Windpass]. They can range in size quite a lot [See appendix 1]. They are also given to the widest array of sexual proclivities, ranging from the mild to the lethal. They have a sizable proportion of homosexual and bisexual members, as well, probably due to their sheer numbers.

Human females, like the males, are the base for all reference. Their capacity measures from the smallest to largest [See appendix 2]. As the potential universal recipient, they are highly sought after by virtually all species. Human females enjoy all manners of vices as well, like the males, from minor to potentially deadly [For whom may be debatable. - Sarah]. 

Human society is complicated and some humans frown on cross-speciesism [Some of those what frown is our best buddies. - Windpass]. It is best in areas where this is possible to keep your tendencies at low profile. Humans of both sexes can be expected to perform pretty well if you can get them into private surroundings [Easy as pie. - Willow]. While most humans attach some emotional significance to sexual activities, the degree can vary widely. Humans are also very gregarious within their own species and many are not terribly adverse to group play [I feel pretty, oh so pretty - Sharesh]. 

Ogres ------------------------------

Amazingly, Ogres are both friendlier and more tolerant that one would at first think. The general scream and run or yell and hit mentality that most people exhibit when faced with an ogre tends to bias the first meeting.

Male ogres are large, very large. They are about 9' tall and weigh up to 750lbs. They are also well endowed. [See appendix 1][Yes, they are. - Willow]. They are capable of gentle affection and will be quite patient with a strong-willed woman. Submissives and introverts are likely to not survive the encounter. They are interfertile with humans, and can handily reproduce with them, hence half ogres. Our special correspondent on ogres would like us to remind any girls faced with being ravished by an ogre to get a spine and take control of the situation. If you can manage to take over and get the upper hand, by sheer force of will, you may find you dont want to leave.

Female ogres are surprisingly civilized, much more so than their male counterparts and are from all reports competent lovers and good companions, if one likes eight foot tall women. They are notoriously hard to please, however, and rarely let a man get any sleep until they have achieved climax [Dats true - Grudsnot]. They can accommodate a human male or larger organ with pleasurable results. It is not recommended to put anything in their mouths, as they rarely let anything put there leave and have little to no compunction about cannibalism [I glad me got quick reflexes - Grudsnot].

In general, ogres should be avoided by the uninitiated, as they take some getting used to socially and physically. Unless you can stomach some of their odder habits and tastes, it would probably be best to stick to more civilized races [Else, just get what you came for and get the hell out of Vilders. - Willow].

Appendix 1 - Comparative sizes of male genitalia by species.

	[removed until the printer can master tables]

Appendix 2 - Comparative accommodation of female genitalia by species.

	[removed until the printer can master tables]

Appendix 3 - Useful herbs and medicinals.

Woundwort - Specifically, the oil from the woundwort plant, it acts as both a soothing, pain reliever and it does seem to keep down future infections. Highly recommended for most any traveler, but specially for those with a propensity for cuts and lacerations.

Appendix 4 - Sexual Positions for the Connoisseur.

Appendix 5 - Dives, Haunts, and Hookup Joints

Appendix 6 - Basic Elven Phrases and Meanings for the Sexual Adventurer

Appendix 7 - Special features of non-humanoid partners and shapeshifters.