Trophy Wife
by JulianWinslow

Trophy Wife Pt. 01

She knew she would be that evening's entertainment.

You could feel the excitement in the air. Maybe it was his promise that we were sure to enjoy this particular party, or his sly hints he dropped about the new toy that he and Natalie had bought, but our small group of swingers gathered in Mario's sumptuous gameroom seemed unusually eager that night. Neither Mario nor his charming wife Natalie, were there to greet us at the door. But the familiar crowd helped themselves, and the party seemed to go on well enough without its host.

We had been there less than an hour, chatting, sitting around, drinking and smoking, when suddenly the lights went off; the crowd shifted in restless anticipation. There were a few whispers, quickly hushed. Somewhere, a woman giggled nervously. Then, dramatically, a single floodlight snapped on revealing the low flat table that had been set up at the far end of the room, just in front of the fireplace. On that table huddled the unmistakable squat shape of a Sybian sex machine.

For those of you that don't know, a Sybian is a small cylinder cut lengthwise; it looks like half of a wastebasket lying on its side. The curved mound is vinyl-covered, smooth, and perfectly symmetrical; a deep generous curve, wide, but not so wide that its girth can't be easily accommodated between the clutching thighs of a kneeling woman.

From the very top of the curve, a soft plastic dildo juts up in obscene invitation, sticking straight up in the air. This one had been already been prepared with a coating of greasy lubricant -- an erect, gleaming shaft, eight inches of cream-colored phallus standing at attention. Although rod was stiffened, yet it remained pliable enough so it could comfortably fit into an impaled female rider, who knelt straddling the mound.

All eyes were instantly drawn to the pleasure machine, so that at first we failed to notice the two shadowy figures that now entered the darkened room through a side door and were making their way across onto the floodlit carpet. Mario, bare-chested and grinning, led a tall slender woman who followed him from a thin chain leash attached to a collar around her neck. She had been blindfolded. And except for the high leather collar that banded her neck and a pair of white pumps on her feet, she was totally naked.

A gasp came up from the crowd as they instantly recognized the blindfolded woman. Being led out in front of the excited crowd, naked, on a leash and moving with her characteristic smooth elegance was none other than Natalie -- Mario's stately wife.

We knew her well, the perfect, always gracious hostess, a beautiful woman who always looked so devastating in one of her slinky gowns, and who favored all their guests with a warm and ready smile. But tonight, the lady who appeared before us was in the nude. We admired those exquisite features, the close-cropped dark hair, and the willowy body and tall tapering legs of a dancer. Small-breasted and with long slim hips, the collared woman carried herself with the confidence and easy sway of a fashion model strolling the runway. We watched fascinated while Mario led his wife to where the humped Sybian machine squatted waiting for her, like a brooding Hippo.

He helped her to step up onto the small table, and stand facing us, her silent audience. The blindfolded nude made a stunning picture standing under the floodlight in nothing but her shoes: her long white body and the dark hair on her head, repeated by a narrow triangle of pubic hair low on her belly. Now Mario stepped up on the platform to stand just behind his naked wife. He placed his hands on her bare shoulders and bent down to nuzzle into her neck , kissed her there, over the collar and up along the neck, till he brought his lips to her ear. At his whispered words, she obligingly shifted her weight, opening her legs, setting her high heels some 18 inches apart. Now as she stood boldly facing us with legs spread, with one foot he nudged the rounded machine into place between her legs making sure the erect dildo was carefully positioned directly under her crotch.

Again Mario spoke quietly to her, and we saw the blindfolded head give a short nod. Her tongue came out to quickly lick her lips; her small breasts rising and falling in tense anticipation, as he stood perfectly still. You could've heard a pin drop in that room. Now the hands on her shoulders tightened and press gently downward gently. A few more words of encouragement were murmured into her ear as, holding herself perfectly erect, the naked girl settled into a half-squat, her furry crotch just inches over the ready prick. As she squatted there, she reached a hand down to her hairy sex. Her fingers slipped between her legs and she fingered her labia, opening herself up. Holding back the splayed lips, she paused. Her knees bent further as she lowered herself, while her helpful husband guided her onto the cream colored dildo.

The room watched with rapt attention, scarcely daring to breathe, fascinated to see this elegant woman impaling herself on the protruding shaft of this obscene sex toy.

Inch by inch, the artificial cock was swallowed by the descending cunt till Natalie had settled into place -- the entire length of the stiff phallus lodged up her vagina as she straddled the mounded bulk. We watched her shift, getting used to the plastic vibrator that was now well ensconced up her cunt.

Beaming with pride, Mario bent down and kissed her on the lips.

Next she was urged to bring her hands behind her back, so that she might be handcuffed. Once her wrists had been secured, he stepped back, leaving his naked wife to kneel there. She knelt in place, under the lights, transfixed on the hulking sex toy. She held her blindfolded head high, shoulders pulled back so that her little breasts stuck out, as though begging to be touched. Mario couldn't resist running a hand down her shoulder to brush across the girl's hardening nipple.

Now he took a seat in front and to one side, careful not to block our view. We watched him pick up a what looked like a wireless computer mouse laying beside the chair. It was the control module of course, this version of the Sybian being the wireless type, so it could be operated either by the rider herself, or by her lover from some distance away.

Mario palmed the controller, sliding a thumb forward. The machine whirred into life, instantly electrifying the mounted woman. A muffled humming filled the room as the vibrating dildo sent deep-seated vibrations reverberating throughout the girl's slender frame. Abruptly she jerked upright, stiffened, her shoulders quivered with the novel thrills surging up from her vagina.

"Oooooh," she cried in delighted surprise as the waves of deep-seated pleasure swept up over her.

Mario let her absorb the throbbing sensations for a minute or so, and then with another flick of the controller he started the fucking motion, activating the smoothly operating cams which sent the rod pumping up and down like a well-oiled piston.

"Mmmmmm..." the mounted rider gave out with a tight-lipped wavering hum; a shudder ran through her erect body and she began bouncing lightly on the curved saddle, jogging with repeated jolts of pleasures. Her manacled hands fluttered to find purchase on the contoured hump behind her so that she might brace herself against the incessant pounding. We watched fascinated, as the helpless woman gyrated, twisted and turned, being be fucked with ceaseless, mechanical precision.

Mario, judging the timing to be right, now increased the intensity. The low-pitched murmur of the machine became a muffled hum, as the pumping vibrator picked up speed, sending repeated thrills through that lithe, undulating body. I watched her little titties shaking merrily. The electrified girl fell forward, arched back. Above the blindfold, lines of urgency creased her smooth brow, her teeth were clench and she uttered a "yeeeechh" at each sudden stab of pleasure,

She shook and trembled; her thighs spasomed, tightened on her mount. Abruptly, her hips began bucking. rocking to the rhythm of the vibrating rod so ruthlessly energizing her. Soon the juddering rider began bobbing up and down, fucking herself on the pistoning dildo. She was a female being truly and deeply fucked, savoring the delicious sensations generated deep in her innards.

"Yeeech!" she cried through clenched teeth as she bore down, twisting her shoulders, shaking her head vigorously.

We watched her hips rocking ever deeper, her arms, extended behind her stiffened as she bore down, humping the Sybian with lusty urgency. Mario was watching the Sybian rider intently now, looking for the first telltale hint of an approaching climax. He knew his wife very well. He played the controller, sending pulsing energy to electrify the juddering girl, rapidly alternating the intensity, the speed, flooding her with repeated orgasmic thrills. He sent the thrusting rod deep, and then teasingly drew it back, driving the lust-crazed girl always closer to the edge all the while totally controlling her wild and bouncy ride.

And when he judged the time was right, his thumb slid up a notch. The girl shrieked. She threw her head back and let out a low deep-throated moan as a shudder racked her body. Then she was arching backwards and straining up against the creamy rise of pleasure. A dreamy expression came over her upturned face as she was held there on the brink for several impossible seconds. We watched entranced as the girl got swept up in the wave of sheer sensual pleasure. He let her ride the rolling orgasm till it reached its peak. Just as her body started quivering, signaling the onrushing climax, he slid his thumb to the final notch.

The abrupt surge of energy sent that stiffened body into a profound spasm of pure ecstatic delight. She screeched, shook and trembled, threw back her head and gave out with a long, trailing moan, as a massive, all-consuming orgasm overtook her.

The whirring noise abruptly stopped, and the silence in that room was palpable.

All eyes were on the naked brunette who was now slumped forward with head and shoulders sagging down, panting heavily, her small breasts undulating in deep heaves, her sweaty body limp and drained. A shiver rippled through her heaving shoulders -- a tiny aftershock. Totally helpless, the spent woman was unable to dismount of course, and her amused husband might well keep her in place impaled on the diabolical machine, while she recovered her equilibrium. Perhaps he was considering an encore performance.

But for a moment, no one moved. Suddenly, her most appreciative audience broke out in wild and enthusiastic applause.


Trophy Wife Pt. 02: Exposed

Natalie loved being exposed; and Mario was glad to help.

You could feel the excitement in the air. Maybe it was his promise that we were sure to enjoy this particular party, or his sly hints he dropped about the new toy that he and Natalie had bought, but our small group of swingers gathered in Mario's sumptuous gameroom seemed unusually eager that night. Neither Mario nor his charming wife Natalie in one of those of her slinky gowns, were there to greet us at the door. But the familiar group crowded in, helped themselves, and the party seemed to go on well enough without its host.

We had been there less than an hour, chatting, sitting around, drinking and smoking, when suddenly the lights went off; the crowd shifted in restless anticipation. There were a few whispers, quickly hushed. Somewhere, a woman giggled nervously. Then, dramatically, a single floodlight snapped on revealing the body of a nude woman sittung in a straight backed chair at the far end of the room, just in front of the fireplace.

* * * * *

I stiffened my body, sitting up, fully erect under the lights. I kept my clasped hands in my lap and waited, determined to stay calm; but I couldn't help working my fists in nervous anticipation. Now Mario stepped up to me, into the circle of light, momentarily blocking the audience's view. His closeness sent me tingling in anticipation. He paused. He smiled. He looked deep into my eyes. I felt his presence, his masculine presence; so reassuring, within a few inches of me as I sat in the rigid chair. A thrill of lust fluttered in my cunt. There was a question in Mario's eyes.

I nodded my obedience. I knew what to do; I bowed to him and kept leaning forward, offering him the thin strap that ran across my bent back. His deft fingers found the little clasp, and I felt the brassiere pop free, instantly released, to drop away till it was left dangling only by thin shoulder straps. My breasts were now magnificently free. They hung with a slight sway, totally exposed, and deliciously naked in the cool air of that quiet room

Mario nonchalantly disposed of the redundant lingerie, dropping it into the shadows. He motioned for me to straighten up, shoulders back, as he stepped away, giving our audience an unrestricted view as I sat there under the light, naked from the waist up. I had been told to keep my head high, just like a model, Mario said; letting my audience get their fill of my bare breasts, my upper body held rigidly erect under the glare of the spotlight.

As Mario stepped back, I was left sitting there alone, bare-chested, my perky breasts revealed to all the men and women in our unseen audience. A thrill raced through me. My nipples were tingling at the very thought of being left half-naked like that before the crowd. The audience moved restlessly; there were a few whispered comments, even some joking. A woman giggled; a man's voice hushed her. Then an unseen man loudly interrupted the subdued murmur by shouting in a rough crude voice:

"Let's have her play with her boobs," I felt the heat rising up in me; couldn't help flushing, deeply embarrassed when the impact of that lewd demand slammed into me! These people wanted to see me pleasure myself in public, like some sleazy whore in a raunchy strip club show.

"Go on...show us your tits", other voices chimed in, hooting and cheering, in a racous chorus. "...let's see them bounce a bit. Terribly embarrassed, I dropped my head, and out of the corner of my eye I saw Mario, who merely nodded and favored me with a sly wink.

I could do nothing but obey my masterful lover. Helpless, my hands moved entirely on their own. They formed two cups to hold my delicate breasts, raising them up, as though in offering to my remote audience. My extended thumbs, with a mind of their own, brushed over the sensate tips, sending a secret thrill rippling through my shoulders. The intensity left me breathless, sucking in air.

Mario took charge. "You heard the man. They all want to see your pretty titties, Babe. Go on, put on a show for us. Chest out." Here were wild cheers and rhythmic applause.

I arched my back slightly, sticking out my chest to the seated figures. A hush settled over the room, as. I caressed myself: holding the 'two neat handfuls' as Mario called them. I lavishly fondled my softly pliant breasts, hefting both, arching back as if in offering. A strong round of applause greeted my efforts at self-love.

"Now kick off your shoes and get up. I want you standing before our friends in your stockinged feet. Hands on your head." It was a pose he often placed me in... One I knew so well.

So, I moved till I stood with arms raised, hands on my head as he wanted, back arched and elbows turned outwards. I felt Mario's eyes caressing my posed body for his approval. "Now run in place, Babe. Go on...get those knees high. We want to see those boobs bouncing for us! I broke into a humiliating trot, eyes tightly shut, frisky breasts shaking and bouncing, before that roomful of people who cheered lustily.


