The land wilted before them. People fled, scattering to the winds, only to gather in small groups, whispering of their desolation. To speak too loud, they said, invoked them. Yet they had no names. No true way to be summoned, for they were mindless forces of chaos driven into naught but destruction. Those few souls who saw them perished, or became hollow versions of themselves.
The others drew blade and let loose the blood of their kin, manifesting heated battles that determined nothing save who could endure the longest. The victor wore the skulls of their enemies and drank the tears of those who wept for them.
So it was everywhere they went. I followed, never more than a week behind, watching the carnage. Yet as I watched them, they did nothing. Sword, bow, and scales sat emblematically, held aloft, and never used. They rode their beasts, never speaking, never acting. The world fell open before them without so much as a whimper.
It was morning when I finally dared approach where they rested, dawn barely cracking the sky. The stars still shone, hope yet alive. Their horses watched me with a strangely keen curiosity, braving my unknown scent to nudge a black muzzle against me or push my shoulder. My fingers stroked their necks and cheeks, smelling their immortal scents of war and chaos.
Around a fire, they lounged, unsleeping creatures, the sounds of screams and battles causing constant noise pollution that followed wherever they roamed. I had learned to stop wincing at the noise months ago.
They didn't eat or drink. Yet they sat, conversing quietly, watching the flames dance eagerly around them, the chaos they brought seemingly inspiring its heat to spread. I watched from the darkness near their mounts, wondering what the bringings of the apocalypse could even have to say to one another.
It was the closest I had dared to come. Assassins, the last hopes of humanity, had come and gone. Their ambushes were easily seen and destroyed. They killed themselves, so heavily influenced they were by the immortals' presence. Yet even this close, I could only barely feel the tug of their power.
Finally, I pulled in a deep breath, fed the green horse one of the few ripe fruits left on earth, and stepped out from the darkness. The four men went silent, their haunted eyes falling upon me in an instant.
The man clad in white didn't move, yet his brother in ruby stood in a second, approaching me with weapon raised, fire whispering over his skin and hair. I tilted my head and looked up at him as he approached. The two others stood, arms folded, studying me in the low light. A smirk touched the man in white's lips.
"Good morning," I finally said, the heat from War's blade whispering against my throat as he loomed.
Finally, Conquest laughed. "She's another who's lost herself. Let her go and wander."
I laughed. "Hardly. I came to meet you. To discuss... well, what you might be missing."
The horsemen exchanged a look.
"I'm not here with anything other than myself and an invitation. That is why you did not feel my approach. I do not come to kill, consume, harm, or follow."
Finally, Conquest stood and closed the distance between us. His strong hand rose then rested on my shoulder. Power pushed into my body, raising the heat of entitlement and hunger within. I shuddered and looked up at him, flushing deeply. War's palm pressed against my back, igniting the urge to own with the impulse to harm.
"If that's what you want," I whispered, reaching behind me to touch War's hip, before digging my fingers and pulling him up against me. "We can play that game."
His body froze for just a moment, as the men looked at each other.
I leaned forward, resting my other hand against Conquest's chest, fingers playing over the exposed flesh his clothing offered. "So let me conquer you. Let me battle you, War. And you," I said, glancing at Famine, "Let us consume one another."
"And for me?" Death asked, a curious look in his devilish eyes.
I smirked. "Death is transition. But it is an ending to a new beginning. Ride me till I break and become born anew."
He chuckled, pointing a finger at me as though I were a trap.
"Is this what you are? Eager for this destruction."
I shook my head. "No. I want to show you what can be wrought of who you are if you dared be intentional, dared to wield it rather than let it happen to you. To see what it means when given to desire, or love."
War leaned down, his breath hot on my shoulder. "You came here to offer us love?" There were surprise and amusement in his voice.
"Tell me when has another seen you for who you are and not run or murdered or died for it? Who else hasn't flinched? Or assumed you were nothing but a curse to this world?"
A pause hung in the air.
Famine was the first to approach, thin fingers moving through my hair before he caressed my bottom lip with his thumb. Hunger and need filled my body. I quivered as he smiled.
"Show me then," he said. "Show me your hunger."
My body was wedged between the three of them, but I moved forward, letting War's fiery blade hiss on my skin as my lips pressed against Famine's. His eyes widened in surprise before he opened to me, moaning into my mouth as my hands roamed his body, caressing and exploring.
His own hands stayed at his side, unsure of where they should be. I pulled back, placing kisses and licks along his jawline. "More?" I asked him, my lips trailing down to his collar bone, teeth nipping.
"Show me more," he murmured, finally raising a hand to my hair, resting there, caressing the silken strands. "Please," he dared murmur before his brethren.
My hand slipped beneath his closed, nails raking over his stomach before sliding downwards, fingers beginning to caress his now hardened length. A guttural cry escaped Famine, and I felt the hunger rise with his length.
I lowered myself to my knees before him, tugging his leggings down and pulling him into my mouth in an instant. The gentle hand in my hair suddenly gripped firmly as he gasped. "Oh, fuck."
His hips began thrusting, small at first, more instinct that choice, as my mouth worked him, moving up and down on his length. Behind me, I felt the eager eyes of the apocalypse. War grunted, sheathing the heated blade. Conquest watched, approaching to touch Famine's back, guiding his hips, infusing his brother with his own powers.
Famine's fingers tightened as he began to thrust anew. Bare moments passed before he cried out, holding my head down as hot seed filled my mouth. As he finished, I stood, capturing his mouth in my own, filled with his release. He lapped at the droplets, pulling them into his mouth from mine. War joined us, tasting his brother's thick heat as our mouths kissed and played.
Rough battle-worn fingers ran over my hips, over the material of my skirt, and pulled upward. I turned my head to look at him, grabbing his shirt to kiss him harder, my face covered in his brother. Teeth clashed as I bit his bottom lip, hard enough to draw blood. His fingers grabbed my hair, tilting my head back in a powerful grip.
With a flick of his wrist, I was thrown to the ground. It took him mere moments to straddle me, hands gripping my wrists as his kiss met my lips once more. I arched against him, moaning into his mouth before his hand slid down to push the rough fingers inside of me. A cry escaped my lips before I wrapped my legs around his hips and twisted, rolling us so I was atop him.
"You're mine, War," I whispered to him. My hand pushed against his throat as I bit his lip again, tasting his blood while my other hand freed his length. My body lowered onto him, thrusting him deep within me. His body shuddered before he began to thrust up into me, bouncing me atop him with inhuman strength.
We moaned in unison, my nails digging into his skin, leaving long claw marks where blood seeped out. His hand made a sharp noise as he slapped one of my breasts then the other before pinching each nipple hard.
My hips rocked atop him, each of us crying out into the early morning air. Death's cold hands slid up my back, lifting my top off of my body to expose the skin beneath. His dead lips pressed against my ear as his hands rested on my shoulder, pushing me down atop his brother with intense strength. "Now I shall remake you."
One hand pushed me down so my face rested against War's barrel chest, his fingers entwining my hair as he continued to thrust, claiming my body as his own. A cold tongue ran down my spine, leaving chills as it went. It wandered lower and lower until it began to press and lap at the puckered entrance yet untouched.
Death probed within me, eliciting new moans from my body as Famine returned, lowering himself to his knees beside his brother. His hand caressed my shoulder, seeking that hunger for seed within me and igniting it. I shifted, pulling him into my mouth once more, lapping at his still dripping length. War lifted his head, joining my pursuit as a Famine caressed his brother's chest, tweaking an already pert nipple.
The hungering tongue in my rear disappeared, replaced by the cold eternity of rock hard excitement. "Tell me," Death whispered behind me.
I cried out, mouth swallowing Famine before I whimpered. "Be within me, Death. Let us unmake and remake each other, the cycle, unending."
War's fire stirred within me and as Death gently pushed forward I bucked back against him, pushing him deeper in an instant. He hissed in glee. His power shivered into my core, igniting the truth of life, the willingness to experience everything for fear of missing out. I moaned, feeling the two of them moving within me, at first out of sync then matching in speed and ferocity.
Famine returned to my mouth, my head held by War. The three of us groaned in unison, the battle between each of their powers raging in my body. Heat and cold spread within, ecstasy overriding everything. My body tensed, clenching around each length within me, only to release and do it again, the brothers pushing me to an edge and over it with ease.
My eyes opened to watch Conquest, a knowing smile on his lips, his the first power that touched me, leading me to a moment where their doubt had been shattered. He stood, stroking himself, watching me take what I had come here for. Slowly he approached us, stopping us all before release would take us.
His fingers played over each brother before he lifted me, my arms around his neck as he held my legs aloft, sliding himself within me. His lips found my own, capturing my taste and my body in one movement.
Behind me, Death returned, keeping me pinned between the two of them as War and Famine watched, keeping themselves ready and eager. I kissed Conquest, whimpering as he hammered into my body. "Take me," I whispered against him. "Conquer me. Make me want you always."
He groaned, pushing his power hard and fast into all of us and outward. Slowly, screams of pain turned to something else, something hungry and tantalizing, screams of pleasure. I cried out with them as he grunted and released within me, filling me with seed and power. Slowly he pulled from me, dripping with our fluids.
War gripped my thighs, leaving bruises before he followed his brother's example and pushed deep within me, expanding me to take his length once more. "You're mine," he grunted with each thrust. "Mine."
My nails dug into the back of his neck before he screamed in his need, stilling his hips to let the sensation of me overwhelm and spill himself within, mixing his release with Conquest's, only to slip outside of me. I whimpered as my legs, weakened, touched the ground. Death stayed behind me, gently guiding me to all fours, only to pull himself from within me.
He slid under me, mouth lapping at the sensitive nub of flesh slathered in fluids. Famine knelt behind me and pushed within, letting himself invade where his brothers had sewn their seed. My moans intensified with the need for more from them, bucking my hips wildly back against him.
He grabbed my hair and shoulder, pulling me hard onto his length with deep, intense thrusts that made wet slapping sounds from all the fluids that coated me. Famine shuddered, whispering his need into the air before his hands gripped my hips and held me back against him, going still as he twitched within me and spilled.
Panting, Famine laid back, and I laid on the ground, whimpering. Cold lips found mine, tender, and tasting, as Death held me in his arms. "You're nearly there," he whispered. I ran a hand along his back and gripped his shoulder, holding myself to him.
"Take me there," I replied, kissing him softly.
"Are you sure? You seem... overwhelmed."
"I want you," I murmured. "Please."
He smiled and gently pushed forward, easily moving within as his brothers prepared the path for him. Death moved slowly and tenderly, kissing me with each thrust as we moved to a new edge, passion, and sweetness moving between us.
Finally, he made a soft sound of pleasure, a grunt within my ear, as we held each other through our release. My body quivered beneath him, shaking from the ecstasy he gave me, leaving me a mess of perfectly met desire.
He kissed my lips then slowly slid out of me, fluid sliding out of me slowly. I shuddered with contentment and looked to the four naked, sweaty men that laid about me, listening to the sounds of an earth lost in lust rather than despair.
"You're very clever," Conquest murmured. He pulled me against his chest. The brothers moved around us, a mess of sweat and fluid and lust as they curled around our bodies.
"Hm. And yet I have delivered everything I promised." I tilted my head to look up at him.
He kissed my forehead.
War looked to me from his position of resting his head on my stomach. "Stay with us?"
I smiled. "I will. But the apocalypse ends."
Famine chuckled, fingers idly playing over my calf, stirring the hunger in me once more.
Death kissed my thigh. "And we have thus been reborn."