                              How I got Lucky

She was a grand-slam home run, a pitcher's perfect game, and a shutout all rolled into one. I stood there a long minute gorging myself on the eye-candy in front of me. She had just stepped outside the bar and saw me with a cigarette in my mouth and a hangdog expression on my face. All those times I'd tried to quit smoking and failed seemed like a prelude to this moment. She asked me for a light.

Occasionally my business took my out of the Midwest and into the big apple. My wife had just dumped me and I was feeling more than my usual down and lonely self. Here was a rare and well-deserved lucky break.
  
"Sure, glad to...," I said. The cigarette bobbed up and down on my lips as I spoke. My mouth had suddenly become dry. I pulled out my lighter and offered it to her.  She put the cigarette between her full, red lips and leaned forward toward me revealing all the cleavage a man could dream of.  For an instant I forgot about the lighter in my hand.
  
"Are you nervous, honey?"  Her moist lips caressed the cigarette as she talked.  She took my trembling hand with both of hers and held it steady.  I flicked my Bic and she sucked hungrily.  Smoke poured smoothly from her lips and I saw green fire in her eyes.   Long curls of dirty-blond hair framed her oval face.   Maybe she wore a little too much make-up--eye shadow, penciled brows, one shade too red lipstick--but to me it seemed just right because she was over-the-top in every department.  She was a taller than me in her fuck-me-now five inch heels which were turned slightly outward, stretching her mid-thigh skirt so it outlined her legs right up to the crotch.
  
"Only `cause you're next to me," I said, trying to be suave and knowing it came out cheap and insincere.  I always sounded like that with women I liked.  I know I'm just an average Joe who almost never scores and never get's lucky.   Still, I never stop trying.
"He, he," she giggled.  "I think you're kind of cute."
  
What should I say now?  Do you want to see my record collection?  No.  My place or yours?  That would only get me a slap in the mouth.  My mind was blank.  I was out of ammo.  The only thing that was working properly was the head of my dick.  I leaned forward and looked at my shoes so she wouldn't notice the bulge in my pants.

"I'm tired of bar-hopping," she said. "They charge too much for the watered-down drinks and they won't let you smoke in the bar anymore."  She angled her body down the sidewalk.  "You wanna take a walk with me?"

"Sure," I said.  My heart was pounding as I dropped the bat and ran for all I was worth toward first base.  I couldn't believe my good luck.  I could feel the heat in my groin moving up my pelvis to my stomach.

We walked a few blocks together.  She chatted at me and I responded with a few words or a grunt.  I wasn't in my best conversational mode.  Marylyn, that's the name she gave me, seemed a little wobbly in her heels and once she bumped against me with her hip.  It made me feel she was somehow vulnerable; it was endearing.  And it felt fantastic when she stumbled and brushed against me with her breasts.  They juggled like two little chubby animals fighting to break free.

Marylyn led me to a cheap apartment several blocks from the bar.  We walked up three flights of stairs and stood for a moment beside the door to her place.  She opened the door with one hand and with the other reached down, grabbed my dick, and squeezed so hard my eyes watered.  There was no doubt she wanted me now.  I reached my hand down to rub her pussy.  She moved away but not before I felt her swollen pussy lips with my fingers.  She was as hot as I was.
 
This was it: my best day ever.  I was going to make it with the woman of my dreams.  I was charged with sexual energy.  My dick was as hard as a Greek statue.  We kissed, our tongues fighting for possession of each other's mouths.  It was a wet war.  Mouth, lips, teeth, tongues; we used all the weapons of oral passion and this was just the preliminary skirmish.
  
She backed me into the apartment, kicked the door shut, and expanded the battle area.  Our lips still locked together, she unbuttoned my jeans and swallowed my dick with her sweaty hands.  I moved upward and unzipped her dress in the back and liberated those two adorable creatures.   I pinched her nipples with both hands and wiggled my ass as her finger probed for my asshole.  She was the hottest woman I'd ever been with.  How lucky can a man get?
  
I stepped out of my jeans as she was pulling my shirt over my head.  Her eagerness was such a turn-on.  She started sucking my nipples and worked down, licking the head of my dick with those full, red lips, and pink tongue.  She pulled down my underpants and held them around my knees so I couldn't move without tripping.  Then I went to heaven as she tongued the tip of my dick.
 
I waddled backwards toward the bed with my underwear still around my knees; she controlled my backward motion by powerful suction on my dick, never letting go.  Then I lay down on my back on the bed.  She kicked off her shoes, and wearing nothing but her panties, leaned over me with her two hands on either side of my head and shook her shoulders slightly.   From my angle her breasts seemed huge.  The brown nipples, inches from my lips, stuck out like two horny soldiers at attention.  My eyes followed the curves of her body downward to the slight swell of her abdomen and farther downward.  Her panties were lacy, frilly and seemed to bulge with excitement.

Straddling me on the bed she sat up on her knees and rubbed her generous ass against my dick; then she arched her back and inched forward toward my head on her knees.   Marylyn took my hand in hers--she was now trembling--and then she guided my hands to the rim of her panties and moaned.  It was a deep moan from a place I hadn't been before.  I slowly pulled down on the panties, my tongue ready to explore the core of her body.  My hands trembled with hers.

Out fell a giant snake that grew and grew.  She guided it to my lips and held my head there.  My open-mouth gasp of surprise was all it took.  It was nudging the back of my throat before I knew what happened.  Her...his...dick was throbbing in my mouth as her moans grew louder and more passionate.

I drew back and gagged as she came inside me.  Still keeping her dick in my mouth she moved her knees around my head and straddled me in the opposite direction.  Then she went for my dick.  Her mouth was a vacuum cleaner.  She lay down beside me and I turned toward her making the bed squeak with our weight.
How can I describe the indescribable?  I'd had women do this to me before, but never like this.  With shear, raw, overwhelming passion her lips were sucking out cum from my dick and the same time I felt her cum leaking down the sides of my mouth.  My lips were sticky and wet.

I knew she was in charge now, but I didn't care.  Whatever she wanted to do to me, I wanted too; I was her bitch.    She rolled me on my stomach and pulled up my hips.  She moved to her knees on the bed and pointed that giant, that adorable thing, at my ass.  When I was lying on my back, the mixture of cum and saliva from her mouth had first dripped and then poured between my legs, down my ass, and onto the bed sheets.  Now that I was on my knees, I could feel the insistent head of her dick pressing against my sticky wet hole.  I shuttered.  I never imagined it could be so different, so good.  I moved my body backward against her.  Gently, she entered me.  I felt like a virgin.  This was my first...surrender.  Bit by bit she slid into me.  I moaned.  We moved toward each other tentatively, like first time lovers: her dick and my ass.  They were made for one another.

I leaned down and looked between my legs.  In the half-darkness I could see my now limp dick, still wet with cum and saliva, hanging down and swinging in rhythm with the great balls that were now slapping against my ass.  I could still taste her cum in my mouth as, I knew, she could taste mine in hers.  One last look over my shoulder showed her face contorted with ecstasy, her breasts were swaying together with my dick and her balls.  Then I closed my eyes and fell into ecstasy.
 
The change in the sound of her moans told me to get ready; but I wasn't.  The feel of all that wetness exploding into my ass changed me forever.  I would never be the same person I was before.  

I stayed with her at her place for about a week.  Then I took her back home with me.  Des Moines, Iowa will never be the same.  We now live together in my apartment.    All my buddies keep telling me how lucky I am to have a babe like Marylyn.  She is a knockout on my arm wherever I go.  She's the life of every party and she can out drink any man--so to speak.  Even my ex-wife is jealous.  She's acting as if she wants to get back together again.  Not in her lifetime.
Everybody thinks I made the catch of the century.  So, even a dumb-ass like me can get lucky.  I didn't get exactly what I was looking for, but what I did get was more than I expected.  How lucky can a guy get?
 
