Hi my name is Imran and my age is 18 yrs. It's a true story and it happened with me a year back. I live in Islamabad, where my cousin Maha came to spend her holidays. She was 20 yrs and in all aspects she is very good. She Ghori, Sexy and tall with dark black long hairs. Her figure was 35, 24, 36 and height was 5.8&#8243;. I have a very good relationship with her and am very close to each other.

She used to live an apartment of 2 bedrooms with attach baths and a room without an attach bath. As one room is of my parents and other one is mine so she stayed in the third room which is without attach bath. That room is also my study room and has study table and computer. My parents work in private bank and use to come in the evening. As it was holidays I stayed at home but only go to my friend in the morning for computer learning. One day when I was about to leave she told me that she will take bath, so I remove the shampoo bottle from the bathroom for just to teased her and when she get in I went out.

After about 5 minutes I found that I forgot my book in my room, I have the keys and I went into my house and to my room. After taking my book, I turned back to leave I saw the bathroom's door was opening, I rushed back to my room and waited to see what she do? I saw her completely naked coming out of the bathroom; she was wet and abusing me. I saw her walking into her room, taking her shampoo and get back into the bathroom. After that I went out to my friend. That was outstanding I want it again. My friend told my about his new Handycam I was impressed and bought it home. Next time when I came to known that she is going for bath, I remove the handle of the door and told her that it was broken and don't close the door other wise you will be lock. In our bathrooms we have lever, which make the door open every time and get close only when you lock it. So I hide the camera which was facing the Shower portion of the bathroom, I went out to my friend. When I came back I pulled out camera from that place. Next morning when my parents went for their jobs, Maha was sleeping; I connect handicam to my TV and start the film. Watching that film amazed me, first she pulled down her cloths, then she start the shower and get under it. After that she shampooed her hear and soaped her body, she also masturbated and after that she peed. After at that I was very exited, and I didn't notice about Maha, as she came out I switched off film. She saw the camera attached to TV and also my erected cork. She asked questions about it but I didn't answer and in reply I asked her several other questions. Like every day I went to my friend and came back about an hour. Maha asked several questions about girl friends, sex, female body and XXX films, I was surprised by all those questions than Maha told me that she had seen her film and now she want to see me naked. She started to undress me. She first went for my huge cock. My dick was on full erect that time.

She kissed my balls and took the full 9&#8243; inside her mouth and gave me a great blowjob. I told her that I was gonna cum. She said the unload all of it inside her mouth. A huge pile of cum shot right inside her mouth. I was also moaning. A bit of cum dropped outside her mouth and she licked it back in. Both of us were fully enjoying it. Then I was also ready now and I started to undress her. First I opened her kameez and pulled it up. Then slowly I started to open her shalwar. Now she was only wearing matching black bra and a panty. I opened her bra and her boobs fell out loosely. WOW, that was a great sight. I kissed her first gently on her nipples and then I started to suck it. She gave me a big moan. I liked the sound of it "yeahhhhhhh......... mmmmmmmmmm......... Ohhhhhhhhhhhh...". She said "Fuck me hard like a bitch". Then I started to lick her whole body. She had her pussy shaved and she really had a nice pussy. I picked her up and I started to take her to the bedroom. She suddenly said "NO". I was surprised. Again I started moving, she said "NO". I asked her what was the problem. She said that she wanted to get fucked right there - in the TV room. I kept her down and spread her legs. I could see her vagina, which was tight. I started to lick her pussy. She started moaning. By that time I could see the love juice coming out of the cave. I licked every part of it.

Then she said the she wanted to loose her vignette (she haven't took the cork in). It was waiting for a rod to be broke open. I pressed her breast hard. She screamed a bit. I sucked her nipples so hard that I nearly bit it. Then I applied my saliva on her cunt and on my dick for lubrication. Then I guided my rod through her legs into her pink pussy and in one blow broke open her lock. She screamed with pleasure and me too. I started the to and fro motion slowly. She was saying stop, stop and moaning like a wild bitch. I did not care and I was ramming her on the floor and had pinned her. I could see the love juice coming out and Maha was enjoying every bit of her life at that time. I told her that another load of cum was going to come out. We did not care and I shot the load right inside her vagina. Both of us were exhausted till that time. We went inside the room and came into 69 position. I put my whole weight on her and started fucking her. I know she was also enjoying. I put my hands below her boobs and started to squeeze them while fucking her ass. In five minutes, I started to cum. I leaked my juice in her ass. I laid there like that on her for about two minutes. Then she came on top of me like a cowgirl and started riding on top of me with my dick in her pussy. Her juice was leaking out. I took my dick out and licked her honey pot empty. Then I unloaded my cum on her body, her breast, hair, stomach. She took it and licked it. Then we both went to have a bath. In the shower, I grabbed her by the hips, pushed her down on the floor and pushed in my dick. I started to fuck her again and the motion was now even faster. Now I had gone mad.

Under the shower I started to fuck her and lick her like a mad dog. Then I took my dick out and I put it in her mouth and unloaded all of my cum into it. She then told me that she was tired and we both lied naked, and wet on the bed. We both were smiling at each other and she told me that she wanted to do this again and again whenever we had a chance. I readily agreed. From that day we both fucked each other like hungry dog and a bitch. That's the story guys I hoped that you like it.