First Time

-- 


I lost my virginity to a prostitute when I was 22.

For the first time, I was living on my own, and the temptation to taste 
the forbidden fruit easily overpowered my weak resistance.  I leafed 
through the yellow pages and started phoning escort services.  I settled 
for one calling itself Budget Escorts, which asked for $160.

A hour later Cindy came to my door.  She was a tall, slim, fairly 
attractive young woman.  She sat down in my living room and we chatted.

It wasn't much of a chat, we had little in common and could hardly keep 
up a conversation.  She talked about rent in the city, her disgust at 
the agency she worked for (she only got $60 of the $160 I had paid 
them), her life.  I, of course, was thinking mostly about sex, but 
didn't know how to start, and she just sat there contentedly and talked.

Why did she do this work? I asked.  For the money, of course.  She hated 
the job, she said.  The escort service used her like cheap labour.  She 
did nearly all the work but got less than half the revenue.  She didn't 
particularly like or dislike her customers, she felt neutral, 
indifferent, towards them.  I'm cold, she admitted, but if they had 
wanted me to be nice they should have paid me better. 

The time went by.  Finally about fifty-five minutes into the session she 
finally said, well, I guess we better do it.  We slid out of our 
clothes.  I wanted to take her into my arms, but she would have none of 
it.  You get just sex here, buddy,  she snapped, nothing else.  It soon 
emerged that I wasn't permitted to hug her, kiss her, engage in any 
foreplay, or anything else at all other than meat-and-potatoes 
intercourse.  I'm here to provide a service, not to be your girlfriend.

Too timid to argue, I could only comply.  Except I wasn't sure where to 
begin, and finally had to admit I'd never done this before.  What, she 
exclaimed in disbelief, you've never had sex before?  No, I had not.  
But you said you were 22!  Yes, I was.  Shaking her head, she guided my 
penis into her vagina.  

Despite the impersonality, despite the rudeness, it was not enough to 
stop me in my young naivete from getting excited.  Yes, I thought, this 
is happening at last....I'll actually be inside a woman!  It was 
incredible.  The mere thought of intercourse brought me to such arousal 
that I ejaculated within seconds of entering her.

Afterwards she calmly got dressed, used the washroom, and shook my hand 
and said goodbye.  And I sank into a chair.  I had been inside a woman's 
vagina!   I knew, with the certainty of the insane, that it would only 
be a matter of time before I did it again.  And again.  And again.
