It’s been a month since that night and both Arthur and Merlin came to a silent agreement to never speak of it. At first, Merlin suspected, or rather prayed, that Arthur had no memory of their less-than-elegant activities that night, but even Merlin couldn’t miss Arthur’s shifty glances and jumpy reactions doing his regular duties: suiting Arthur in his armor, preparing his bed at night, readying a bath. It was little help that Arthur had to sleep every night, and that he trained every morning, and that, despite the oncoming winter, Arthur needed to bathe regularly.

Still, they engaged in their normal, comfortable routine of Arthur giving Merlin orders that weren‘t expected to be obeyed in a timely fashion or, at least, not without an insubordinate quibble. Sometimes, they were a little more polite to each other; sometimes, a lot more snappish. And other times, like when Merlin had to strip a sweaty tunic off of Arthur after a rigorous training session, or when Merlin would offer Arthur a goblet of wine to accompany his late-night snack, their eyes met for an excruciatingly long moment before one of them would make a half-arsed, rude comment and they both turned away with reddening faces.

Winter’s first frost had finally swept across Albion, the air dry and biting, tasting of the oncoming snows, and still Merlin was left doing his least favorite chore: mucking out Arthur’s stables. Luckily for him, the chilly weather made for a hardly-smelly job. But there were a lot of horses, thus a lot to clean, and he’d already been at it for an hour. He planted the shovel into the hay-littered floor and supported himself on it with a groan. He tugged at his neckerchief, hissing at the cold air on his heated skin.

Merlin glanced at the painfully bright, grey noonday skies and unconsciously pressed his fingers to his throat, his thoughts shifting from those concerning dung to those sensation-swirled around a burning mouth sucking and biting and breathing his name and marks that took a fortnight to fade completely.

“Merlin, cleaning up after the horses doesn‘t mean you have to stand there waiting for them to make the mess.”

He swiveled, spotting Arthur leaning casually against the stable’s doorjamb, arms crossed and jaw set. Merlin froze, feeling his eyes widen and his mouth hang open. It seemed the fates were out to get him, for Arthur to appear while he reminisced over that night. Worst yet, Merlin noticed as Arthur’s gaze drifted perceptively to Merlin’s hand still touching his neck as if he’d heard Merlin’s thoughts.

Arthur stared at him for several moments before effortlessly shouldering himself upright. Arthur stalked towards him, eyes boring into Merlin’s, blue melding with blue falling into blue. When he was an arm’s-length away, Arthur reached for Merlin’s still-raised hand, wrapping warm, combat-roughened fingers around Merlin’s, pale and spindly. He gently eased Merlin’s hand down and away, and his eyes finally left Merlin’s face to favor Merlin’s neck, innocent and curious.

“Arthur.”

His name, more air than sound as it wafted against his face, was enough to spur Arthur into action. With one hand still folded around Merlin’s, he lifted the other to pull away the neckerchief, his fingertips grazing each inch of creamy skin as it was revealed. The offending piece of cloth fell to the floor between their feet, and Arthur planted his hand on the side of Merlin‘s neck, fingers stroking the hair at Merlin‘s nape, thumb sweeping along Merlin‘s jaw.

Merlin leaned into the touch, eyelashes fluttering against his prominent cheekbones. He reached between their bodies, fisting his free hand in Arthur’s tunic to urge him closer. The prince complied instantly, slotting their legs, erections pressing to thighs, already seeking--needing--what they‘d found a month ago. So, as if it was now something natural, they ground their hips together, equally frantic, mutually aroused.

Merlin moaned Arthur’s name against his temple, and Arthur realized there was something else that he wanted. He added pressure to Merlin’s neck, drawing him down. The meeting of lips was shy and hesitant for only the briefest second until Merlin’s hushed “Yes” went straight to Arthur’s groin, driving him to lick the seam of Merlin’s lips, demanding. Merlin obliged, parting his lips, and Arthur capitalized on the opportunity to take more, slanting their mouths to gain better access, to slide his tongue along the underside of Merlin’s, to finally--fuck, yes, finally--get another taste of Merlin.

Because, as much as he’d tried to resist, Arthur had spent the past month struggling to recall every detail of Merlin’s mouth, since he was sure the overbearing memory of the taste of wine was of his own mouth. And though he was sober now and (almost entirely) rational enough to acknowledge that doing this--kissing, and more so frotting--with Merlin was wrong, he also concluded that doing this with Merlin was intoxicating in and of itself. And gods was he ever surprised, and pleasantly so, to find that Merlin was as delicious and skillful as he faultily remembered, tasting like fruits and mint, swirling his tongue at the back of Arthur’s teeth.

Merlin released his hold on the front of Arthur’s tunic to slip his hand beneath it, splaying his long, nimble fingers across Arthur’s ribs and rubbing, flicking, teasing both nipples, already peaked from the cold, in turns, and Arthur had to wrench his mouth away from its filthy, greedy devouring of Merlin, groaning, obscenely loud,

“God, Merlin.”

Merlin silenced Arthur with a not-so-gentle bite to his swollen bottom lip, eliciting a sharp gasp from the prince.

“’God’? Really, Sire, you can stick to calling me by my name.”

Arthur touched their foreheads together and punctuated a muttered “Idiot” with a fierce cant of his hips.

Merlin answered with a few lazy, torturous thrusts of his own before stepping back a fraction. Arthur growled at the loss of contact, but Merlin silenced him again with another, softer nibble to the prince’s pout. Merlin guided their still-clasped hands to his groin, moving his grip to Arthur’s wrist and pressing the flat of the scorching, calloused palm to his erection weeping copiously in his breeches. They moaned together at the new, thrilling sensation.

“Fuck, Merlin, you‘re so hard,” Arthur ground out through gritted teeth.

Merlin just chuckled shakily, releasing Arthur’s wrist and dipping his hand into Arthur’s similarly tented, soaked breeches without preamble and wrapping those sinful fingers around Arthur’s thick, pulsing, hot-hot-hot shaft.

“As are you, Your Highness,” Merlin murmured, stroking Arthur’s cock with a loose grip once, twice.

Arthur fucked Merlin’s fist once, twice, before Merlin slackened his grip completely, and Arthur couldn’t give a damn about the obvious want-fuck-need and desperation in his groan when what he did give a damn about was for Merlin to stop teasing him, the cheeky, insolent bastard.

As if sensing Arthur’s frustration, Merlin leaned into him, catching Arthur’s top lip with both his own and breathing,

“Touch me, Arthur.”

Arthur shuddered, mind reeling at the imperiousness in Merlin‘s raw, husky voice, feeling himself twitch in Merlin’s hand, and meekly did as he was told. Merlin’s abdomen was smooth and firm beneath his trembling fingers, and if he wasn’t so drunk on Merlin, he might’ve registered the strangeness of grabbing another man’s cock. Instead, all he could think of was the heat and dampness of the velvety skin in his hand, the more-than-substantial length of it, the pulse he could swear was racing against his fingertips.

The angle was all wrong and he couldn’t gauge how his ministrations felt, but when he slid his hand up along the shaft and palmed the leaking head before running his hand back down, Merlin gave a stuttering sigh and resumed the pumping of Arthur’s cock.

“Good--yes--Arthur--”

Arthur’s eyes snapped to Merlin’s mouth, watching as his name fell from the unnaturally pink, perpetually pouting lips like it was a prayer or an incantation. He grew dizzy, not knowing what to focus on: the oddly disembodied yet familiar feel of Merlin’s cock gliding in and out of his fist, or the feel of Merlin’s fingers brushing against his balls as his own cock slid in Merlin’s hand.

They immediately fell into a harsh, merciless rhythm, fists pumping and hips thrusting. The fingers of Merlin’s other hand had gone back to abusing Arthur’s nipples and Arthur could hear himself cursing everything because “Feels so fucking--good--Merlin.” Wanting to make Merlin come first, Arthur threaded his hand in the sweaty, tousled hair at the back of Merlin’s head and yanked his face in for a bruising kiss, filthy and hungry and loud with their shared moans, and he added a wicked flick of his wrist every time his hand grazed the head of Merlin’s cock.

Sure enough, it took only a few measured twists before Merlin’s mouth fell from Arthur’s to latch onto the flushed, sweaty skin where Arthur’s neck flowed into shoulder, his hips stilling as he came over Arthur’s fingers, balls drawn tightly as his cock pulsed in Arthur’s palm. And somehow, Merlin kept his hands moving, one digging into the tender flesh above Arthur’s ribs, the other jerking Arthur off with no rhythm and all tight, slick, crushing friction.

“Come for me, Arthur.”

Though in no way unexpected, his orgasm still caught him by surprise in its intensity, his head falling between his shoulders, his vision darkening at the edges, his chest tight from the deep-bellied moan caught in his throat, as he continued to buck into Merlin’s fist, now covered in his own come. He stood there spent, mind slightly disconnected from his body. Merlin’s fingers didn’t let up and the over-stimulation forced a low grunt from Arthur, who released Merlin’s hair to swat at Merlin’s insistent hand.

Merlin simply chuckled, that infuriating, impish chuckle--the bastard--and withdrew his hand from Arthur’s breeches, and Arthur did the same, extracting his hand from the mess in Merlin’s. But it seemed the cheeky git wasn’t done yet, and Arthur watched in guilty fascination as Merlin lifted his come-smeared fingers to his mouth, his infernal, pink tongue slipping out to lick his hand clean.

“Gods, Merlin, you‘re filthy,” Arthur moaned, his cock betraying him and stirring in spite of his exhaustion.

Merlin smirked, picking up his now-dusty neckerchief from the stable floor and taking Arthur’s dirtied hand to wipe it.

“It is my job to clean up after you, Sire.”