I'd been rattling around my life for years, maybe forever. I just never felt fulfilled, never satisfied, yet I'm a successful businessperson and I live quite comfortably. I know I had things and I had women, also I realize some people would love to have my life but there was always something missing. I'd meet women and if I felt, they were desirous I'd go to great links to achieve a relationship with them, only to be disappointed once the relationship was acquired. I even went so far as to get married but I knew before the service that it was a mistake and we were divorced by the end of a year.

My secretary, knowing how unhappy I was talked me into a ten-day cruise in the Greek Isles. I know she has a good heart and I'm sure she thought I was still struggling with my recent divorce. I didn't have the heart to tell her that the divorce was the only happy part of my marriage. To tell the truth I agreed to the cruise just to get her to leave me alone. I'd just started dating a girl named Judy who worked in accounting or was it billing, I didn't know and I didn't care. You couldn't really call us a couple yet and it was too early in the relationship to be going on a ten day cruise together so I offered to get her an adjoining room, this appealed to her and she accepted.

Two days out and I knew I had made another classic relationship blunder; this girl and I had nothing in common. To be honest I found her to be nothing but a vapid airhead. I guess Judy had never been aboard a ship because every day she was seasick by lunch and passed out before dinner. The first day I stayed with her and just ate dinner in our room but by the second day I'd had enough and dressed for dinner and went alone. At my assigned table sat a striking woman and her escort who was a hulk of a man, he filled out a dinner jacket at all the right places. I introduced myself as Gerry and made excuses for my missing partner, then found out their names were Grace and Alan. Grace had a Greek accent but her English was impeccable. It was noticeable right away that Alan was at her disposal and I had a suspicion that he might be a gigolo, but if so, you could tell he was quite taken with her. Over dinner and conversation, I couldn't keep my eyes off her. Although not beautiful, she had a classic beauty with a face you might see on some ancient Greek pottery. She kept feeding Alan off her plate, she would put her fingers in his mouth, and he would suck her fingertips. I found it disturbing yet erotic; I wanted to taste those fingers. Then I noticed it looked like she had her other hand in his lap, was she rubbing his dick right here in front of me at the table.

I looked up to her and noticed she had caught me staring; she gave me a wry smile then said,

"Alan I need some relaxation, go prepare my room."

He said yes Mam, and then stood up with his obvious hardon pushing his trousers out like a tent pole. I stared open mouthed, as he made no attempt to hide his erection and he left the dining room with both men and women staring at him. I looked at Grace and there was that smile again, I said,

"Well you sure have him trained."

"I like boys who know their place."

With that, she rose from the table said good night and left. I was ready to leave too but my dick, although maybe not as large as Alan's was still pushing my pants out too far for me to leave. Eventually I made it my room with my erection somewhat subdued but still throbbing. I went through the door with the thought of sick or not I was going to fuck Judy but as soon as I got through the door to her room, I heard her throwing up again in the toilet. I just turned around, went back to my room, and jacked off to thoughts of Grace feeding me scraps and letting me suck her fingertips.

The next morning Judy felt better so we went to have breakfast by the pool. As we rounded the pool, I saw Grace and Alan longing in chaises. They were relaxing in the morning sun with Grace's breasts bared for all to see. I said good morning and introduced Judy; at least I think I did because all I could think about was Grace's bare tits on display. Judy finally drug me away and once out of ear shot she said,

"Can you imagine, that woman laying there with no top, and did you see her arm pits, oh my god they're hairy."

I told her she was European and it was their custom. What I didn't tell her was I couldn't decide which excited me more, her large naked tits proudly displayed for all to see or her hairy arm pits. I mean I'd seen many bared tits in my lifetime but those pits were a first and she seemed so relaxed and at ease with herself, I don't know, it just was erotic.

After our breakfast, we rejoined them poolside and I noticed that although Judy was maybe shocked by Grace's behavior she was quite taken by Alan's muscular body. Well that was fine by me and I turned my attention to Grace. As I stood beside her, she said,

"I don't like it when a boy's name ends in y, don't you have a proper name?"

"Well my given name is Gerald but nobody..."

She interrupted,

"Ah, Gerald, that's better. Gerald be a dear and go get us some drinks."

I said sure and asked what would she like

"You surprise us, but something fruity and tasty."

While we were at breakfast, I noticed a couple drinking something that looked good. When I described it to the bartender, he said it sounded like Mimosas so I ordered a round.

When I got back, Judy excused herself to go change into her suit. I passed the Mimosas around and Grace said she was in impressed with my choice and she liked that they had Carnation petals floating in the flutes.

She handed me a bottle of sun lotion then said,

"Gerald put some lotion on me."

Right at that time there was nothing I would rather do. I did her shoulders and arms but froze when it came to her boobs.

"I give you permission to put lotion on my breasts."

As I rubbed lotion to my heart's content, I looked at Alan who was watching but not with concern. Next, I went to do her legs, she put her foot on my chest, but her toes were right at my lips. As I rubbed lotion into her calves, her toes played with my lips and she would slide her big toe into my mouth and then pull it out. I looked up at her just in time to see her grab Alan's cock through his suit and then she reached over and started kissing his mouth. When I had done her leg up to her knee, she dropped that one, replacing it with her other leg not even breaking her kiss. When I finished with the second leg, she put her feet on the chaise and spread her legs allowing me access to her thighs. As I rubbed higher and higher, I drug my finger across the crotch of her suit, trying to graze her clit. I felt the slap before I heard it and I jumped and when I looked up her face was inches away from mine.

"I did not give you permission to touch me there."

"I sorry it was an accident"

Whack, another slap,

"I do not like boys to lie to me, now apologize correctly, or leave."

"Yes Mam, I sorry to try to take liberties with you."

"That's better, now continue, but no touching without permission."

Not long after I finished, I was just standing around when Judy came back still dressed, as she was earlier. She told me she was not feeling well again and was going to go lay down.

"Alan go escort the young lady back to her cabin and stop by mine and get the seasick remedy I have there."

After they left I muttered mostly to myself'

"I wish he'd fuck her and take her off my hands."

"That can be arranged."

She picked up her cell and speed dialed,

"Alan take her to her room and fuck her and you have my permission to cum whenever you feel like it."

"Do you mean he's not allowed to come without your permission? How can he hold back until you allow it, I mean I'm afraid I'm going to go off right now, just talking to you, there is no way I could wait until you gave me the OK."

"Believe me all boys need to be controlled, when Alan came to me he was just like you, but he learned. Would you like to cum right now? OK cum."

I just spewed into my shorts, I mean I was already excited beyond belief but the thought of this woman commanding me to cum sent me right over the top.

"My, you must have been excited, look you have some running down you leg. Come take me to my room and you can clean up there."

She took my arm and led me to her cabin, I saw people stare at the growing wet stain on the front of my shorts and the humiliation of it all only added to my excitement.

Once inside she instructed me to get undressed and she watched bemused, as I got naked.

"Such a shame, you are a nice boy but you have such an average cock, it's much too small to be of any value to me, well maybe I can find other ways for you to entertain me."

She patted the love seat next to her and I sat. She raised her arm to do something with her hair and that hairy pit was right in my face.

"Grace can I, I mean may I ah,ah may I kiss under your arm?"

As an answer, she took my head and guided it to her armpit. I put my nose right in the middle and inhaled. Her sweat was heady with a hint of musk like some erotic scented oil. She held my face in place by my hair gently rubbing my nose back and forth in her nest.

"What you smell is the true scent of a woman, all those American girls you go out with cover up with razors and perfumes and deodorants but this is what a boy needs, the real smell of a woman."

When she pushed my head back, I thought I was ready to swoon.

"OK since Alan is not back yet I'm going to let you give me my afternoon relaxation."

She pushed me down to my knees and gave me permission to take her suit off. My hands were trembling with anticipation as I slid it off with great care. She spread her legs and I watched her vulva open up like a blossom to show me her clit, cover in fur. Without a word, she just pointed and I felt as if I was kneeling before an altar. I put my nose in her slit and brought it up to her clit spreading the hair covering it. I looked up to her for approval and saw she was leaning back with a book and was just ready to light a cigarette. I wanted to make her cum and I tried every trick in the book. Finally, as the sweat was trickling down my face I felt her grab my head and hold it in place. She humped my face, once, twice and then with a great release of breath she came. After that, she dismissed me and I thought she might make me walk back to my cabin naked but at the last second, she loaned me one of her frilly robes.

After that day, Judy would have nothing to do with me. I guess Alan really did her and he was all she wanted, of course, Alan wanted nothing to do with her. Much to everyone's relief when we got to the next isle she got off the ship and flew home. As for me, for the rest of the cruise, I became, along with Alan, Grace's sex toy doing whatever she desired. She let me watch her and Alan; she used my face in a three way with him, as she sat on my face and then leaned over so Alan could enter her from behind. As I sucked her clit, his balls would bounce against my chin. After she allowed him to cum she had me clean is sperm from her and then clean Alan's monster cock. She never allowed me to fuck her but she did have me fuck Alan as she watched. Although I am not gay or bi Alan and I made love as she watched and I loved every second of it. She instructed me to move in with Alan in his little cabin both of us sleeping in the same bed. I had never considered myself a sub, never had fantasies of submitting to anyone. It just took ten days of serving Grace to learn that's what had been missing from my life. At the end of our cruise, I thanked her for showing me what I needed, to be fulfilled. At same time, I expressed my doubts that I could ever find anyone like her back in the states. She told me I was silly, that she had a friend in New York, and that she would give her a call about me. Although I now serve Mistress Sheridan and my life feels serene for the first time, I still yearn for Grace and my cruise to enlightenment. I will always be grateful to Grace for it was she who showed me that only by submitting to the will of a woman am I able to achieve continent.