The three buttons
by Riggsy2020

We were staying with my wife’s sister Jenna so she could attend some training for here work. Jenna was taking some time off and her husband worked for a fire department 3 hours away. So, most of time we were there, it was Jenna and me. This was the first time I really got to know Jenna since my wife, and I got married. One morning where we were going to go shopping, Jenna met me downstairs to head out. She walked past me and here denim dress was mostly unbuttoned in the back. I was frankly shocked. It appeared she was wearing a purple slip trimmed in black lace. I asked her if she forgot something and turned away. She said “oh, would you mind buttoning me up”. I was floored and said sure. I went to grab the first button and Jenna moved forward a little. I could see all the way down her back side. The slip had a lacey black slip up the back. I started getting a hard on and proceeded to button up the dress. She backed into me quite a bit and I am sure she had to notice my erection. She turned around, smiled, and simply said “thank you”. I wanted to say, well thank you but figured that was not appropriate.

We went to the big mall and split up. I went to the big sport goods store and she went her way. About few hours later we met in the food court. We went to get some Chinese food and I notice three bottom buttons of her dress around her rear were undone. I whispered in her ear that she needed to check her dress while we were standing in line. She ran her hand down her dress finding the gap where the buttons had come undone. She said, oh it is OK, I am wearing a slip. I was floored again. The entire time we were eating, I was thinking about her slip trying to talk. As people walked by her, there was allot of smiles and some laughter and I even saw a couple girls take pictures.

We headed back to the car and I noticed another button had come undone. The gap in the dress was quite large and I was starting to get another hard on. We got to the car as she noticed I was a bit uncomfortable. Jenna asked if I was OK. I did not know what to say. I stumbled my words and finally just said it, “I am a bit aroused at the sight of your slip. She said, “yeah I noticed after you buttoned me up at home”. We laughed it off and arrived back at the house. We decided to go swimming in her pool. As I was leaving the room to change, Jenna stopped me and asked “aren’t you forgetting something. I cannot do this myself””. She turned around and pointed to the back of her dress. Without hesitation, I obliged. Jenna dropped the dress to the floor and turned around and smiled. She was beautiful. She then said she needed help with her slip also and I immediately grabbed her pushing her up against the wall. I pulled her slip off while we were getting deeply passionate. She was wearing very lacey black bra and bikini panties. Jenna reached down my shorts and grabbed my stiff cock. We stripped each other of our clothes and jumped in the pool where I did her hard. She loved every minute of it. Never expected that ….


The next morning

The next morning, I woke early to go fishing. Jenna was already up making coffee. She poured me a cup and sat in the rocker across for the couch. Smiley from ear to ear, Jenna said “that was allot of fun yesterday, want to do that again?” Well I paused for a second and said, hell yes. Jenna stood up and untied her white terrycloth bathrobe. She was wearing a satin red romper trimmed in lots of white lace. I started up for the couch, and she stopped me. Not here, we will get caught. Let us go out to the hot tub. My wife was a late sleeper. Jenna dropped her robe next to the pool and proceeded to undress me. I was instantly hard, she grabbed my cock and started stroking it wildly. She then climbed into the tub romper and all. I followed quickly. She continued her stroking of my cock. All at once she went under the water and started sucking it hard. It was everything I could do not to cum in her mouth. She undid the snaps at the crotch of her romper and proceed to guide my throbbing penis into her pussy while turning her back to me. It was not long before I shot her full of cum. I could not believe we were doing this.

We paused for few minutes and I started rubbing her clit and breasts. She started moaning and laughing like a little girl. I then went under the water and started eating her out. After taking numerous breaths she finally could not take it anymore. She screamed in ecstasy. It was not long, and my wife came out to see if everything was OK. We told her that a bee had landed in the hot tub. Jenna and I were simply freaking. I guess the bubbling water covered us up and she went back inside to get ready for work. I dressed and went fishing while Jenna skinny dipped in the pool.

Upon my return, Jenna was in the kitchen stark naked. Jenna stated she pretty much stayed naked most of the time and if that was OK. I had no problem with it and wondered what she was up to next ….


Dinner and a show

Tonight, was the last day of my wife’s business trip. We all decided to go out to a new restaurant that was about an hour away. Jenna’s husband had to work an extended shift so it would just be the three of us. Apparently, this was a fancy place, so we all decided to dress up. My wife showered and came into the bedroom nude. We jumped each other and after some great sex, we decided to get dressed. She wore some matching nude colored panties and bra under her two-piece green silk skirt suit. She also put on some suntan colored thigh high stockings. She looked stunning to say the least.

I went out into the living room and Jenna called down the stairs saying there was a wasp in her bedroom she wanted me to kill. I knocked on the door only to be grabbed by the arm and abruptly pulled in. Shutting the door behind me, Jenna was only wearing black thigh high black stockings. They had lace tops and a seam running down the back. She was also wearing strappy black high heels, a gold ankle bracelet, and a white pearl necklace. But that was it. Laying out on her bed were three very sexy black slips. Before I could catch my breath, I said what the hell… Jenna looked straight in the eyes and said “I need you to help in picking out what I am going to wear tonight.” One slip was nylon, another, silk, and the last was satin. I chose the silk one. She said OK and went to one of her drawers in her dresser. She pulled out a pair of silk boxers that matched the color of the slip stating, “I bought these for you the other day when we went shopping and wanted us to match”. She undid my belt and took my pants and shorts off. She then proceeded to put the silk boxes on me and started stroking my already hard cock through the silk material. I grabbed her and started sucking her breast rubbing her firm buttocks. She simply laughed and said there will be enough time for that later.

I put my pants back on and stuck my original shorts in my pocket. I went downstairs to cool off a bit. My wife and I were waiting for Jenna on the couch with me trying to hide my erection. After a few minutes, Jenna came into the room wearing nothing but the slip I had picked out for her. My wife asked her if that was what she was going to wear. Jenna looked at her said, “well yes, this is what everyone is wearing these days.” My wife was a bit perplexed and went along with it. The only thing I said to myself, well Jenna has done it again and this will be interesting.
We jumped in Jenna’s white Eldorado convertible and off we went. I was in the back seat and almost the entire time my wife kept telling Jenna she was showing off allot of her private parts. Jenna’s stocking tops were in clear view and when her slip straps would fall on her shoulders, her breasts came into view. Jenna was also not wearing any panties and I think my wife knew it. I got a great view of the show that Jenna was putting on. Many a trucker passed on the highway and she just flirted with them. This made my wife extremely uncomfortable.
We made it to the restaurant. Jenna put her shawl around her shoulders, and we went in. We sat at a table near a window with a great view. I told them both I would be the designated drunk and for them to live it up. Jenna kept flirting with the waiter, and he was really struggling trying to keep his composure. At one point during dinner, Jenna grabbed my hand under the table and pulled it into her pussy. I had to lean a little to reach her and decided to move my seat over a few inches. I proceeded to rub her clit as best as I could. My wife was clueless. By this time both had drank quite a bit of wine. The dancing started and took my wife on the floor for a few dances. She told that I needed to dance with Jenna too. Well I know that would be interesting. I did my best to be a gentleman to keep things under control. The band played a slow song, Jenna put both her arms around my neck and held me awfully close. She looked up at me and said, “I want to just jump your bones right here”. My response was there will be enough time for that later. By this time, I was hard as a rock and she said, “well I think your ready now”. We laughed and decided to call it a night.

We went back to the table and I was doing the best to hide my erection from my wife. We paid the bill and piled everyone into the car. The trip home was quite interesting. My wife was in the back and immediately fell asleep. Jenna on the other hand pulled her slip off and rode the entire way home like that. More than once I rubbed her clit making sure my wife was still asleep. We got home and Jenna immediately jumped out of the car running into the house. I woke my wife up and helped her to the bedroom. She was too drunk to even undress herself. I was happy to help. She then passed out nude in the bed. Jenna on the other hand was running around the house pretty much the way I found her in her bedroom earlier. She was really drunk, and we decided it would be best for all of us to go to bed. She grabbed me and told me to get up early like your going fishing and come to her bedroom in the morning …


Sneaking into the bedroom

I got up earlier than normal and snuck into Jenna’s bedroom. I kissed her on the forehead and crawled into bed. She was wearing the slip from the night before. She rolled over and held me close and said, “this is just too much fun”. To that I said, well this is some of the best sex I have ever had. She smiled and went to grab my already hard penis. “I see your wearing the boxers. How do you like them?” My reply was that I really like them but knowing who they came from is even better. She smiled again and said” there is more where these came from”. My blood just about boiled over that point.

I rolled her over and started sucking her breast in earnest and then went for her clit. I was really working her hard. The entire time she was stroking my penis. She was almost at the edge along with myself and she pushed me back. She mounted me like a she was riding a horse. Our organisms were simultaneous. Jenna did her best not to scream. She fell over and pretty much collapsed. I was simply numb and very lightheaded.

We laid there for a few minutes and all Jenna said was wow. I agreed. We talked a bit and promised each other that if the sex got in the way of our marriages, it would stop immediately. After that we just started laughing hard. We talked about many of our sexual experiences and fantasies taking note of what each other had to say. We both promised each other to fulfil those fantasies in the future. We hugged each other for a while only to look forward to our next sexual adventure.


The final chapter

Fast forward almost a whole year. Jenna and her husband came to visit us in Washington DC for new year’s. We had made reservations for a big party at the Kennedy Center. It was good to see her again and she kept telling me she could not wait to jump my bones. I was in the same state. We kept looking at each other and smiling knowing what the other person was thinking about.

During their stay, there were small opportunities to tease each other and get each other very horny. She would reach down my pants when she could get away with it, I returned the favor in various ways. Her husband and I spent allot of time playing music. He was a particularly good guitar playing and I a banjo player. Often our wives would join us to sing some great old songs.

Jenna wanted to go shopping at the mall of America. So, we all took off for the metro. Rick and I checked all kinds of cool stores while Jenna and my wife went clothes shopping. I got a text from Jenna to meet her at the Secrets in Lace store. All I could say to my self was oh shit, here we go. I told Jenna’s husband I had to take a call outside because my cell phone was not working very well. I met Jenna at the store, and she wanted to model all kinds of lingerie for me. All the time she kept coming over and sitting on my lap. Needless to say, she was trying to get me hard and it worked. Some of the things she wore were hot as hell. One piece really turned me on. It was a black satin garter belt. She wore some very sheer black lace bikini panties with it. The thigh high stockings were to die for. She said, “ok, this is what I am going to wear New Year’s eve.” She then pulled out the dress she was going to wear and put it on. It was a floor length satin black gown with the smallest spaghetti straps that held the front of it up. The back was cut exceptionally low and at the bottom of the dress was a small train. It also had a large slit up the left side that stopped near her mid-thigh. There was just not much to it at all, but she sure looked sexy in it. I think if she sneezed it would fall off. Little did I know what she was up to.

New Year’s Eve arrived and were all getting ready to go. My wife looked stunning and Jenna was dressed to the nines. Her dress left “nothing” to the imagination. She and I went outside to wait for the Limo I had rented. She opened her purse and handed me a pair of black stain boxers to which she said, “put these on when you can, I want us to match again tonight. I am so horny I am dripping wet. And by the way, this is a tear away dress. You said you wanted to see a beautiful woman lose her dress in public? Well at midnight you get your wish. I could not think of a better place than in front of hundreds of people during a New Year’s bash. I was floored and said, “you mean you want me just to tear it off at midnight?” She said “no silly, we will make it look an accident. I will get up to go to the lady’s room and you will plant your foot in the train of my dress. As I walk away, so goes the dress. And I am sure it will work. This fabric is so flimsy, I have already had to fix it twice tonight.”

We all piled into the limo and drank a bottle a Champaign along the way. We were really having allot of fun. We got to our table and what do I see, another bottle of Champaign. We were starting to get really lit. I went to the men’s room to put on my boxers and Jenna was waiting for me outside. She told me to slow down with my drinking so we could play later. I promised her I would back off. My wife and Jenna’s husband on the other hand were truly soused. We ate dinner and they really put on a good show afterwards. Midnight was rapidly approaching, and we all toasted one another. I gave my wife a great big kiss and then Jenna kissed me on the cheek and whispered in my ear, “keep your foot planted then follow me to the ladies room”. I was losing it. I pretended I dropped my napkin in the floor and looked under the table. I moved Jenna’s train of her dress so I could hold it down firmly with my foot. I could not believe we were doing this. Jenna then said, “Ok, need to visit the lady’s room”. As she rose from her seat, my foot held fast. She walked away quite quickly and all you could hear was tearing fabric. Her dress ripped right up from the slit and the zipper simply exploded. Jenna screamed and turned around. Her nipples were hard as rocks, her pussy and bare buttocks showed though her sheer panties, and the look on her face was sheer terror but man she looked sexy. I do not think she thought she would be so embarrassed. She tried to pick up her dress, but my foot was still holding it. I made it look like it was caught under the table somehow. Jenna was starting to panic a little, so I went under table like I was going to try and free her dress. I looked her straight in the face and whispered thank you, she winked, smiled and whispered, “now give me my dress back.” As I arose from under the table, Jenna was doing her best to cover herself up. She took off for the lady’s room as fast as she could. I followed taking my coat off to give to her once I caught up to her.

We made it to the hallway, and she was beat red. Jenna looked at me and said, “follow me, I have a surprise for you”. We ran down to the stairway and up two flights of stairs. Just down the hall was a private lounge that she rented. We went inside and she dropped her dress to the floor. I pulled her against me so she could feel my hardened cock. We immediately started passionately kissing each other. She then started undressing me as quickly as she could. Once she got to the boxes, she ripped them clean off me. I went for her panties ripping them off easily. We were absolutely going crazy. I picked her up and set her on chest near the wall. She grabbed my penis and stuck it in her. She was so wet and hot. Just as she was having an orgasm, she let out a wild scream. I felt her climaxing and filled her with every ounce of semen.

After we caught our breath, I picked her up and set her on the couch. We laid together totally wiped out. We knew we had to get back to the table. Looking at Jenna’ dress. It was a mess. The zipper was shot, and it was totally ripped up one side. Jenna knew to bring a needle and thread. I removed what was left of the zipper and basically sewed her back into her dress. We cleaned up a bit and went back downstairs. Jenna looked like nothing happened. She was still wearing my jacket. We all decided to go home immediately to spare Jenna anymore embarrassment. I called the limo which was ready for us outside by the time we got there. Her husband kept asking what the hell had happened and Jenna in her own way explained everything. It was simply an accident she said. “My dress is ruined. I got totally embarrassed. My sister’s husband was the only person that would help and was a true gentleman and sewed me back into my dress. I had a great time otherwise.”

When we got home, I helped my wife to the bedroom. She wanted to get intimate. We undressed each other and while I was eating her out, she fell asleep. I put on my shorts and went out to the kitchen to get something to drink. Jenna was in the living room waiting for me. I asked her why she was still up. She said, well, I need help getting out of this dress and pointed to her train. I planted my foot and she ripped herself right out of the dress. Man, what an evening.
 