A teenaged boy's female bully suddenly starts acting differently around him.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 1 (mf, 1st, mc, oral, impreg?, reluc)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Agent Carmen Sandoval sat and regarded subject John Doe through the reinforced one-way mirror. The man in the room next to hers refused to reveal his identity, though reportedly he had used the name John before his capture, so she expected that part was probably correct. His unofficial codename was Casanova, given how some of the other female staff had responded to him.

He was a caucasian of about thirty years old, of average height, average build, and had dark brown hair; everything about "Casanova" was just average. And yet, he had been brought to the attention of Sandoval's unofficial branch of the Department of Homeland Security due to what could only be described as a nearly supernatural effect on women. Not all women, strangely enough, and not all of the time. Sandoval herself hadn't been affected when she first interviewed him a few weeks previous, after he had been apprehended, and one of the other female agents who had practically jumped into his lap one day had been cool to him a few days before, and confused at her behavior a few hours later. He had almost convinced the third and only other female agent in Sandoval's branch to unlock his door just the day before.

Hypnotism? she wondered. Now only male agents, who seemed immune to his "charms", could deal with Casanova, which presented some difficulty for Sandoval, who was in charge of the man's case.

"What is your deal?" she asked the man in the next room, but of course he could not hear her through the glass.

---

16-year-old JJ was miserable. His lab partner was Sally Jacobs, the girl who had bullied him since they were 13. The first time he had met her, the bitch had kicked him in the balls for no apparent reason. She had never apologized, and in fact used the fact that she was a girl to get away with calling him names and pushing him around ever since. If he complained, she just claimed that HE had bullied HER, and teachers always believed the girl. It didn't help that she had a growth spurt a couple years ago and was currently taller than him, making the power imbalance visible.

Today, when the science teacher had asked students to pair up, Sally had sidled up uncomfortably close to him. He knew better than to complain to the teacher, though. What teenage boy complained about being paired up with an attractive girl?

Wait, when did he start finding Sally attractive? he wondered. He looked over at the tall, curly brown-haired girl in her tight jeans that showed off her rounded ass, and sweater that was pushed out by her growing breasts, and realized that she was kinda sexy. He harrumphed...great, he thought, now she has even more power over me.

Sally sniffled. It seemed that she might be coming down with a cold. Couldn't happen to a nicer person, JJ thought.

Partway through class he felt a burning heat on his right hip. "Oops!" Sally said, moving back, lit bunsen burner in hand. His sweatshirt was on fire! He quickly pulled it off, feeling the flame singe his fingers as he did so. Then he stomped on the fabric until the flames were out. The teacher had reacted quickly, approaching with an extinguisher in hand, but now it was unnecessary.

"So clumsy, JJ!" Sally admonished him.

JJ was still wearing a t-shirt, but it had bunched up around his underarms by the sudden removal of his sweatshirt. He pulled it back down.  "Oww..." He felt two of his fingers start to blister. "Permission to go to the nurse's office, Mr. Davies?"

After JJ left, Sally raised her hand. "Mr. Davies, can I go to the bathroom, please?"

---

The school nurse wasn't in her office, but JJ found some ointment and gauze, and after cleaning and treating the burns, he wrapped them. As he turned to leave he saw Sally sitting on the cot, watching him.

"You fucking bitch!" he hissed at her. He had learned not to yell, as teachers would think he was causing their fights. Why would girls start fights? they asked.

"I'm sorry," she said, her eyes downcast.

JJ was taken aback. "Um, what?" She had never apologized, ever!

She patted the section of cot next to her. JJ, confused, sat and waited for her to take advantage. Was she going to headbutt him? Flick his nose?

She turned and kissed him.

JJ felt electricity flash through his body at the touch of her lips. This was his first kiss, and with Sally!? He opened his mouth a little on instinct and her tongue slipped inside.

He quickly pulled back and looked at the taller girl. Her pupils were incredibly wide, and he could see her nostrils flaring, her breath rate fast. Why was she doing this?

Oh, of course, JJ thought, and stood up. She was going to take her bullying to the next level and claim he tried to rape her or something. Well, fuck that!

Sally reached forward, grabbed his jeans by the pockets, and yanked them down, their slight spandex content assisting with the pantsing. However, they were also tight jeans, and so his boxers came down with them. His semi-hard cock popped out in front of her face.

"Sally!" He tried to reach down to pull his jeans back up, but Sally moved her head forward and took his dick into her mouth.

"Oh..." was all JJ was able to get out. His cock quickly hardened in the warm, wet mouth of his arch enemy.

"Mmm..." she moaned as she licked the head of his cock.

JJ's mind was skipping, like a scratched old-timey record. Why was this happening? It felt SO GOOD. He wasn't about to stop her, even if she was about to stop and scream rape.

Sally's cheeks hollowed out as she sucked on his cock hard. As she moved her lips along his shaft, JJ felt his orgasm come upon him quickly.

"Ohh...Sally, I'm gonna..."

"MM HM," she hummed, and sucked harder.

"Ohhh, shittt..." JJ thrust his hips as he spurted his cum into Sally's mouth. A real blowjob was leaps and bounds above whacking off!

After his orgasm subsided he heard a gulp and then Sally fell backward, moaning, shaking and writhing on the cot. "Ohhh fuucckkk..." she moaned after gulping down the rest of his seed, "that's what I neeeeded..."

JJ pulled his pants back up. He didn't know what to do now. What did this mean for Sally and him? Then the bell rang, signalling lunch. "Um...I'm gonna go...I'll see you later, okay?" he asked.

"Later..." she sighed as he left.

---

JJ felt someone push him from behind as he walked home. He turned to find Sally there, looking angry. "Hey, Sally..." he began.

She grabbed him by his coat collars and then her face was right up in his. "I don't know what you did earlier, Jerk Junior, but..." Then she paused and wrinkled her nose as if she was going to sneeze. "...you..." After a moment her face went slack and she started breathing heavily.

JJ waited. Why was she angry at him?

"...you're coming back to my house," she said, matter-of-factly, grabbing his hand and pulling him along.

JJ didn't have any say in the matter, and a few minutes later he was shoved through Sally's front door. "Mom's not home until later," she said, pulling him down a hallway and through another door...her bedroom! She closed it behind them, trapping him.

"Sally, what's going on here?" JJ asked her. She was acting so weird!

"Do you think I'm pretty?" she asked, seeming suddenly unsure of herself.

"I...yes...but..."

She pulled off her sweater and JJ gasped at the thin white t-shirt barely obscuring the structure of her bra. She moved toward JJ, who backed away. His legs bumped into her bed and he fell back onto it. Then she was on top of him, kissing him.

"Mmf!" he gasped into her mouth. As before, her tongue snaked between his lips, and soon they were kissing passionately. After a few minutes, Sally started rubbing her jeans-covered crotch against his. His cock stiffened to full size under the onslaught.

Then he felt her unfastening his jeans. "Sally..."

"Shh!" she admonished him. "Don't say anything or I'll lose my nerve." She finished unzipping him and pulled his pants down, his underwear once more going for the ride. His 5" stiffie popped into view. "There it is..." she murmured as she pulled off her own jeans, though she kept her white panties on, and climbed onto him again.

This time as she mashed her genitalia against his, they groaned at the pleasure of only a thin layer of cotton separating them. They started to kiss again. Soon Sally's underwear was soaked from their mutual sex juices.

JJ reached up and felt one of Sally's breasts through her t-shirt and bra. She grabbed his hand. "I think they're too small, but...do you want to see them?" she asked hesitantly.

He nodded, and Sally reared up, her panty-covered pussy still pressed against his cock shaft, and pulled her t-shirt off. Then she awkwardly unfastened the titsling and JJ gasped as her breasts came into view.

It's true they were a bit small on her larger frame, with wide pink areolas, but they were the first real breasts he had ever seen and they were beautiful. He told her as much.

She smiled. "Ohh...suck on my titties, JJ..." Then she moved forward so he could do just that.

JJ took a nipple into his mouth and sucked and licked at it, making Sally gasp in pleasure. This new angle caused the head of his cock to nestle itself right into the fabric covering the opening of her vagina, and she moaned at the feeling and pressed down harder, causing the head of JJ's cock to stretch the thin fabric and push slightly between her vaginal lips.

"Ohh..." she moaned in frustration. It wasn't enough! She reached down and pulled the gusset of her panties aside, and on the next thrust, half of JJ's cock rushed inside her extremely lubricated pussy.

"AH!" she gasped in pain, and stopped moving.

JJ held his breath. His cock was inside her! It felt warm and incredible, but it seemed Sally was in pain. He released her nipple. "Is this your first time?"

"Uh huh..." she whimpered.

"Mine too." JJ took her head in his hands and kissed her, far more tenderly than he had ever thought he could with the girl who had made the last few years of his life hell. She returned the kiss, and soon their tongues were dancing again. JJ felt Sally moving her hips once more, this time in a circular manner.

"Ah...hah..." she gasped as she broke the kiss, reared back on him again, and pushed down more. She felt a soreness inside her cooch, but the pleasure of JJ's cock pushing into her was stronger. Soon he was all the way inside her.

JJ gasped. He was balls deep inside Sally now, and it felt incredible! He looked up at the pretty, tall girl as she looked down at him. Her pupils were really dilated again. Her face held no hint of the anger she had shown earlier.

She pulled herself up and forward slowly, until only the head of JJ's cock was inside her, and then slowly pushed back down until their groins were mashed together again. Both of them moaned in pleasure.

Then she did it again, faster. And again...faster, faster...

JJ felt that he was going to explode soon. Oh, shit, he realized, they weren't using a condom! "Sally, do you have a rubber?"

She continued to bounce, bringing him closer to his release. "Rubber? No..."

"Fuck...Sally, you have to stop...I'm gonna cum..."

"Ooh, yes, that's what I want..." She bounced upon him even harder.

Why was she acting like this? JJ wondered. Didn't she realize the danger she was in? "Sally...get off...ohh..."

"Give it to me...give it to meeeee..." She was ramming her pussy down hard on him now.

"Ohhh...uhhh!" Then JJ was cumming, blasting his teenage sperm deep inside of his arch enemy.

"Yessss..." she gasped, and then screamed, "Aaaahhhh!!!"

JJ felt Sally's vagina suddenly tighten around his cock as she orgasmed. She fell forward and screamed in his ear as each pulse of his cum was sucked deeper inside her spasming, unprotected reproductive system.

Then it was over and Sally rolled to the side, gasping. JJ's softening penis slipped from within her previously virginal channel, and pink-tinged semen followed it out.

JJ sat up. Sally was still shaking with after-orgasms. "So good..." she murmured, lightly playing with her clit and the sperm dribbling out of her pussy.

He grabbed some tissues to clean himself and then quickly redressed, since Sally seemed like she was in no condition to stop him from leaving. "Um...I'm gonna go home now, Sally. I'll see you tomorrow in school?"

"Uh huh..."

---

When JJ got home he undressed, took off his underwear, and sniffed the crotch. He could smell his semen, but also Sally's pussy juices. His cock stirred at the scent, but after cumming twice that day, he figured he should give it a rest.

As he put on replacement underwear, he thought about what had happened. It seemed that Sally wanted to be his girlfriend now, after terrorizing him for years? What had changed? They were both 16 now, but she had dumped his lunch in his lap just a week ago, and nothing had happened since then that should have changed her mind about him. It didn't make any sense.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)