Part 5

Vin closed the corral, tying a length of rope around the gate and post firmly. He had already learned the hard way that the mares were smarter than he had expected them to be. The mare that had been stolen from the Calhoun farm might spend most of her time in harness, and the paint mare didn’t look much smarter than average, but looks were definitely deceiving.

One of the mares had unlatched the gate twice, he just wasn’t sure which one it was. She had done it both times while he was bent over with his back to the corral gate, carefully cleaning out the sorrel gelding’s front hoof. The mare that was the culprit was smart enough to wait until he was fully distracted both times, and when he heard the latch and turned around the mares were together at the gate watching him.

If he had been sure which had done it, he’d have just put that mare the extra stall where she couldn’t let the others loose to wander off, but as it was he had decided to tie the gate. They hadn’t gotten the boards to finish the rest of the stalls yet, so Vin couldn’t stall both mares without putting one of them in either Pony or Peso’s stall.

Pony would definitely go in if it rained so Vin didn’t want to fill his stall, and putting another horse in Peso’s stall would cause a fight if the gelding wandered in out of the rain later. It wasn’t likely, but Vin would rather not wake up in the wee hours of the morning to Peso tearing down the barn, especially when they hadn’t even finished it yet. Peso didn’t much care for mares, and he could be pretty protective of his feed trough. He didn’t like the stall itself much, but Peso knew exactly where his morning grain was supposed to go and any horse that got between him and it was liable to get clobbered.

Vin leaned against the gate once he was satisfied no horse would be getting it open, looking off down the meadow. Peso and Pony had finished their feed and were halfway to the far treeline as they grazed, both looking dark bay in the late-afternoon sunshine that brought out the rusty tinge wind and sun damage left to the winter coats they would shed before long. He had left the barn and stalls open when he fed them, even though he knew only Pony would be likely to go back in once the grain was gone. Peso didn’t much like rain, but he’d tolerate it instead of going in a barn unless Vin put feed in his stall and locked him in. The black mustang was born wild and never even saw a barn until he was around five years old, and he hadn’t ever really liked them unless he was feeding his face or it was snowing heavily.

Pony was just the opposite of Peso. He never complained when he was far from a barn if he was left in the rain, but when he was within sight of one it was a different story. Pony knew what a barn was and expected to be pampered when he was near one, most likely because Chris spoiled him shamelessly whenever no one was around to catch him at it. The stocky black gelding would not be pleased if it rained and he was shut out of his stall, especially if it was a cold rain like they still got on occasion that early in the year. Pony often climbed on Chris’ porch to rattle the windows if Chris forgot to feed him or the barn was closed and he wanted inside it, and always made a hell of a racket doing it. Chris had replaced four panes of glass so far, and the front wall of the cabin had more than a few scars below Chris’ bedroom window from Pony’s shod hooves pawing at the wood.

“You ever gonna join me?” Chris called from the porch, sounding amused. “Stew’s done.”

Vin turned away from the horses and grinned at Chris, pushing his hat back on his head just a bit as he started towards the house. “Sounds like my timin’ was pretty good then. I just got ’em all settled for the night.”

Chris laughed. “I see where I rank ‘round here.”

Vin climbed the steps, walking over to Chris to grin at him from right up close and personal, but he didn’t reach out and touch just yet. “You got it all wrong, as usual. I was gettin’ the chores done so I could spend the rest of the night with you, not avoidin’ you to spend time with them.” He grinned and did a little teasing of his own, adding, “I can spend the night with the horses if that’s what you want, though. Loft gets a mite lonely sometimes, but my bed’s comfortable enough and the view’s awful nice.”

Chris snorted, grinning. “Over my dead body.” He caught Vin’s face between his palms and kissed him slow and deep, lingering for several minutes that felt like half an hour to Vin, then smirked and stepped back as he nodded at the door. “Inside. There’s a bowl of rabbit stew with your name on it, and an empty spot in my bed just waitin’ for that pretty little hind end of yours to settle in.”

Vin laughed, blushing slightly at the unexpected compliment as he turned to go into the cabin. “Anybody ever told you you’re bossy as all hell, Larabee?”

“Yep! You do it all the time,” Chris said cheerfully, following Vin inside and closing the door behind them.

~*~*~*~

Buck steadied his grey and stared at the closing door to Chris’ cabin, trying to convince himself he hadn’t just seen what he thought he did. If he did, his best friend was galloping into territory that Buck would have sworn on his sainted mother’s grave that Chris would never stray into.

Buck knew better than anyone that Chris and Vin had been close since they met, and while Buck hadn’t liked the tracker much at first, he had understood eventually that their friendship defied explanation. Vin just plain got Chris from the day they met like no one else ever had, not even poor Sarah, bless her soul. Chris had loved the girl with all he had, almost as much as he had loved their boy Adam, but she never could read his mind like Vin did even that first day without seeming to notice he’d done it. Buck knew that kind of thing could draw a person, even though he'd never had it himself. It had to be pretty damned nice to have someone who just knew you inside out like that.

Vin knew more about Chris that he had never needed to be told than he did hard facts, it seemed like, and Buck knew there wasn’t much of Chris’ past that he hadn’t told Vin. Vin had the knack for saying or doing just the right thing to let Chris open up and let out some of the things he’d kept bottled up for so long, and Vin always seemed to know just what to say to help Chris settle his demons afterwards. More than once, Buck had been pretty damned grateful to have Vin around to pull Chris back from that abyss that so nearly ate the man whole after he lost his family. Pulling Chris out of one of his black moods was like carrying water in a net for Buck, but Vin had the knack for saying just exactly the right thing to get through to Chris, even if it meant letting Chris take that pain out on him.

It wasn’t all Vin though, not by a long sight. Chris could look at Vin, not even see his face, and know what the scrawny tracker was planning to do next. Let Chris get a glimpse of Vin’s face and he’d know exactly what Vin was thinking most times, even if they hadn’t spoken to each other in days. Buck didn’t have a hope in hell of figuring out what Vin was thinking unless Vin particularly wanted him to, and Nathan was fond of saying Vin’s idea of logic was a law unto itself, but Chris never had to ask. He’d just catch Vin’s eye and they’d look at each other a few seconds, and most times Buck would end up with the feeling that they’d said a hell of a lot despite never opening their mouths.

Buck couldn’t even begin to understand how they communicated so well without saying a word, but they damned sure did it every time he turned around. He couldn’t count how many scrapes they’d been in where he’d seen Chris and Vin exchange one of those speaking looks and then all hell would break loose with the two of them working together like they’d spent a week planning it out. Before long Chris and Vin would be grinning and the trouble would be over and done with, and Buck would be scratching his head and feeling dumb.

Buck had always blamed the frequent glances Chris and Vin cast at each other on that odd connection of theirs, just checking in maybe, but now he had to wonder if it hadn’t been something else all along. They had spent a lot of time watching each other right from the beginning, but they watched everyone so it hadn’t seemed unusual. He hadn’t ever even wondered if they might be screwing around, sure he knew Chris too well for Chris to surprise him with something like that, but he wasn’t sure anymore. If those glances and little smiles they shot back and forth all the time had meant more than Buck had thought they did, he figured they were the kind of men who could’ve hidden it easy as breathing if they wanted it hid.

The more Buck thought about it, the more he realized he probably shouldn’t have been surprised to round a curve in the trail just in time to see his best friend reach for Tanner and then kiss him like that scrawny half-breed tracker was his world. Chris had often kissed Sarah just the same way, cupping her face in his hands as if to drink her in lips first, but in more trips to brothels than Buck could count he had never seen Chris kiss anyone else like that. It told him more than he wanted to know about how important Vin was to Chris, and made it plain to him that they were doing a lot more than just kissing. Chris was a lot of things, but he wasn't the kind of man to deny himself something he wanted.

Buck had run across a few men who weren’t too picky about where they dipped their wick when he was younger. He figured Vin being that way explained the problems he’d had trusting Vin at first, instinct maybe, but he had never figured Chris for going that way. Buck knew a dozen ladies just off the top of his head that’d take care of Chris for free and count themselves lucky that the lanky gunslinger had given them the time of day. Chris could’ve had just about anyone he wanted, and yet here he was hiding out with Tanner while their friends thought they were out risking their necks tracking down those murdering thieves who hurt Miss Lorrie.

Peso finally noticed Buck’s mare on the trail and let out a challenging bugle, sounding more like a stallion than any gelding had a right to. Misty and Peso had never gotten along well, and Peso never liked her coming into what he considered to be his territory. He challenged her every time, but he would tolerate her presence if she kept her distance from Pony, who Peso protected jealously from Misty even though she and Pony got along fine if Peso wasn't around. Peso didn't like any mare getting near him or Pony, and he had tangled more than once with Nathan's mare Foxy, too.

Buck cursed under his breath at the way Misty tossed her head and answered Peso loudly despite his warning shake of the reins, and Pony answered with a loud nicker. If he turned back now, Chris or Vin one was sure to check the trail to see who had drawn Peso’s attention. Pony didn’t often greet horses he didn’t know, but even without that hint as to the identity of the horse Chris and Vin were sure to figure it out. He had no doubt either of them could tell Misty’s tracks from a stranger’s, if they didn’t already recognize the grey’s neigh. They had been down too many trails together for them not to know the sign Buck’s mare left almost as well as they knew Pony and Peso’s tracks.

Buck started his big grey towards the cabin at a slow trot, brain working overtime to try and figure out how he’d hide his reaction to what he’d seen, or if he should try at all. Vin was likely the most observant man Buck had ever met, but he didn’t have Chris beat by much. Buck didn’t think he could put up a good enough front that Chris wouldn’t see right through him, but he wasn’t sure he wanted to know what was going through Chris’ head, either.

There were some things Buck figured just weren’t necessary to do, and the things one man could do in bed with another were right up there high on the list. Buck hadn’t ever had any respect for a man who’d turn to another man for sex instead of finding a willing lady friend. He had always been sure it was a sign they had something twisted and bad in them deep down, just like his ma had told him when he was a boy, but he was having trouble putting Chris into that category. Buck just couldn’t convince himself that Chris could be that kind of wrong he’d always despised, even after he saw Chris kiss another man.

Knowing Chris was likely screwing Tanner, who Buck liked and respected well enough even if they weren’t exactly close, couldn’t wipe out a lot of long years of riding and fighting side by side with Chris, or even the last few years of fighting next to Tanner. He knew Chris as well as he knew anyone, and knew right down to his bones that Chris was a good man and a better friend despite the old pain that had burned away the best half of him. Sure they had fought, and they had gone their separate ways during those dark days when Chris was just praying for a bullet to end it all, but Chris was still the closest thing Buck had to a brother. Buck might not have grown up like most folks, but he had learned young that there wasn’t much you couldn’t forgive for family.

Chris stepped out on the cabin’s porch in his shirtsleeves, his hat and gunbelt nowhere to be seen and his rifle in one hand, tipped back over his shoulder. Tanner was right behind him with that sawed-off Winchester of his, also hatless and looking odd to Buck’s eyes even in his usual tan canvas pants and a familiar faded bib-front shirt that was red once upon a time. He hardly ever saw Vin without a gunbelt and that leather coat of his, but Vin had left off both of them and his hat in the few minutes he’d been in the cabin.

Buck found himself noticing how curly and shiny Vin’s long hair was, which always meant he had bathed very recently since the curl would subside after a day so. Sarah had hair very like that, reddish brown and wavy-curly with highlights that made it shimmer red-gold in the sunlight sometimes. Now that Buck was thinking about it, she had also had blue eyes, and was almost the same height, too, though she had outweighed Vin by a goodly bit. Vin was scrawny as hell, and Sarah had been a curvy woman. Realizing how similar she had been to Vin, at least physically, seemed to make what Buck had just seen a little bit more inevitable. Chris had always liked blonde women for screwing around, but the kind of lady who landed in his bed more than once always seemed to fit into Sarah’s mold: wavy/curly auburn hair, blue eyes, and tall for a woman. If Chris had a type, Vin fit into it pretty well except for the fact he had a dick, and judging by the way Chris had kissed him, Chris didn’t much mind that anymore.

Buck realized that he was putting off thinking about how to speak to Chris and mentally kicked himself, trying to get his mind focused. He reined up at the porch and pasted on a grin, sparing Vin a nod hello before he turned his attention on Chris. “Well look who the cat dragged in. I’ve been checkin’ the place every day to be sure nobody’s been nosin’ around, but I expect you two got that under control now.” He shifted in the saddle, pushing his hat back a bit farther as he looked over at the corral. “Miss Lorrie sure will be glad to see that mare of hers. She’s been worried sick how they’d get back and forth to town without her, much less finish putting in a crop.”

“Howdy Buck,” Chris said with a slight twist to his lips, and Buck knew he was amused even though most folks would never have guessed it. “Trip went just fine, but it’s a long ride yet to the Calhoun place and the horses are just about done in. You hungry? I just made some rabbit stew. It ain’t as good as you’ll get in town, but beats riding back in the dark on an empty belly.”

Buck shook his head, his grin getting a bit more sincere as he remembered his plans for the night. “Got dinner and a lady waitin’ on me back in town. Besides, I’ve had your cookin’. A long dusty ride’ll likely taste a lot better.”

Vin snickered. “He’s got you there, Chris. You’ve made some god-awful grub a time or two.”

Chris turned and took a swing at Vin, laughing, and Buck’s eyebrows went right up almost to his hairline as he watched Vin grin and dodge the blow, then leap back when Chris made as if to grab him.

“Mock my cookin’ again, will you,” Chris threatened, almost laughing as he leaned his rifle against the cabin wall and started after Vin. “Just let me get my hands on you and you’re gonna learn the error of your ways, Tanner.”

Vin laughed and backed up quickly, putting his pocket cannon in the chair a few feet from the other side of the door. He leapt away again when Chris lunged at him, grabbing one of the porch supports and swinging out around it to dodge back the other way past Chris. “Bring it on, cowboy. Anythin’ you can dish out, I can take.” He grinned at Chris as he stopped at the far end of the porch, standing in a half crouch and obviously ready to run. “If you can catch me, that is.”

Chris laughed and started after Vin again, grinning wickedly. “Oh, I’ll catch you, alright.”

Buck swept off his hat and scratched at his hair, just watching them and puzzling over what he was seeing. Vin was prone to a prank or two when he got the devil in him and would wrestle and play like a boy in the right mood, but Chris was a completely different story. Buck could count on one hand the number of times in the last five years he’d seen Chris feeling playful, but he hadn’t seen him actually give in to the impulse more than once or twice since Adam and Sarah were killed. There’d been a time Buck had been sure he’d never see Chris play again at all, and to see Chris and Tanner laughing and dodging around the porch made him wonder if he hadn’t fallen off Misty somewhere along the trail and hit his head. He could easier believe he was hallucinating than he could believe that Chris was sober and playing tag with Tanner like they were a couple of kids.

Chris finally snagged Vin by the back of his britches at the far end of the porch and Vin made an undignified noise somewhere between a yelp and a squawk as Chris jerked him backwards and then spun him so Vin’s back was against the wall. They were a good fifteen feet from Buck and the sun was going behind the trees, but he could still see them just fine and what he saw made him certain that whatever was going on between Chris and Vin, it wasn’t new or platonic. There was a gleam in Chris’ eyes that Buck had seen before.

“Got you now, pard,” Chris said with a wicked grin, just barely loud enough Buck could hear him. “You gonna keep up the big talk or back some water?”

Vin snickered, not even trying to get away as his hands settled on Chris’ forearms. “Seems to me I can’t back up nowhere.” There was a definite challenge in his eyes, but it looked a bit off to Buck for some reason he couldn’t quite pin down until he realized that was hunger he was seeing. He’d seen Vin with a lady more than once, but he’d never seen him look at anyone like that before. Vin was giving Chris a look very like the one that he usually reserved for a particularly nice steak after a long day in the saddle. “Your cookery still leaves a lot to be desired as often as not.”

Chris laughed and leaned slowly towards Vin, and Buck suddenly realized they had gotten so caught up in their horsing around that they had forgotten he was there. He sure didn’t want to have to watch a repeat of the kiss he saw earlier – once was more than plenty for him – or worse, so he spoke up quickly. “You boys gonna start actin’ your age anytime soon, or should I go hunt down a babysitter to send out this way?”

Chris jerked at the sound of Buck’s voice and then let Vin go and stepped away, turning to give Buck a smile that didn’t even come close to his eyes. “Can’t make no promises on the actin’ my age part, but I don’t need a babysitter, Buck. Haven’t in a hell of a long time.”

“Well, you sure couldn’t prove it by me,” Buck said slowly, looking from Chris to Vin and back again. Vin looked away and pretended to scratch his nose, but not before Buck saw how red he was blushing. “If you want me to butt out and just carry my ass on back to town without sayin’ any more, I will, but I get the feeling there’s something going on here I don’t know about. I ain’t real sure I want to, come to that, but I feel like I probably should.”

“You know I’m not gonna lie to you. We’ve been down too many trails together to start that kind of thing now.” Chris glanced at Vin, who was still a bit red-faced but nodded slightly as he met Chris’ gaze, then Chris turned back to meet Buck’s gaze again. “You’ve never been slow to figure out this kind of thing.”

Buck shifted in the saddle, resettling his feet in the stirrups, then was still again. “What’re you trying to say?”

“I don’t think I have to spell it out for you, Buck,” Chris said quietly, looking much more serious and vaguely unhappy. “You rode up here acting like maybe you saw somethin’ already, and then I forgot myself enough to make it pretty plain. I got a feelin’ you’re just hoping I’ll tell you you’re wrong.” He paused as if searching for the right words, then shrugged and said simply, “I still won’t lie to you, even if you want me to.”

Buck looked at Chris for a long moment and then heaved a sigh. “Just, damn, Chris.” His gaze roamed to Vin for a moment, taking in Vin’s closed expression that could hide just about anything, and then he looked back at Chris. “I could see the porch when Tanner joined you before, I just didn’t quite believe what I saw. Not from you.”

“Believe it,” Chris replied, expression and tone both making it obvious to Buck that he wouldn’t be changing his mind. “And don’t give me any crap about it, either. You’re like a brother to me and the best friend a man ever had, but some roads a man’s just gotta choose for himself. I never expected this one to call to me, but I’m not turnin’ my back on it, Bucklin. Not even for you.”

Buck stared at Chris for a few minutes in silence and then said abruptly, “Mighty rocky trail you’re gallopin’ down, partner. Lot of ways you can screw it up and get hurt.”

“It’s still my trail to take,” Chris said. “I know you don’t like it and I’m sorry for that, I really am, but I got to think about myself, too.” He paused and then added more quietly, “I’ve tried ignoring what I feel and it just wasn’t workin’. I’ve done all the runnin’ from myself I’m gonna do.”

Vin moved to stand at Chris’ shoulder, just behind him and to one side like Vin had stood a thousand times before, and Buck suddenly remembered the first time he saw Vin, years ago, struck by the fact Vin had looked at Chris just the same way that day. There wasn’t a hair’s difference now that the hunger Buck had seen a few minutes ago was hidden again, and he wondered again just what that first meeting between Chris and Vin had been like. Buck had been sure that first day that Chris had to have known Vin for quite some time for him to trust the way Vin liked to stand so close to Chris all the time, and the way Chris often leaned towards Vin as if he wanted to stay close to him too had seemed to back up that idea. Buck hadn’t known for most of a week that Chris and Vin had only met the morning of that same day he met Vin, and even then he hadn’t been sure he believed it.

Vin kept his voice quiet and calm as he spoke up, jarring Buck out of his memories. “You don’t have to worry about him because of this, Buck. He’s still got somebody you can trust to watch his back when you ain’t there. Just because you know somethin’ about me you didn’t before don’t mean I’ve changed, or that Chris has ‘cause he didn’t beat me to death for how I feel about him. We’re still the same men we were when we rode out last week.” He smiled crookedly. “Just happier, is all.”

Buck met Vin’s gaze, taking a deep breath and letting it out slowly before he spoke. He knew if he said the wrong thing that it could ruin his friendship with Chris, and with Vin too, though it would hurt him more to lose Chris. “You’re a good man, Vin. I know that. Always have, no matter what you might think my opinion of you was—” Chris’ eyebrows went up at that little white lie but Buck bulled on before he could lose his train of thought. “—but Chris is the closest thing I got to a family. You get him hurt and I will end you. I don’t care if it takes me the rest of my life to hunt you down.”

“My sentiments exactly,” Vin replied calmly, giving Buck a smile. “Wouldn’t take me near so long to track you down though.” He paused slightly and then added, “We’re not so different, Buck, you an’ me. We both grew up livin’ places decent folks think a kid has no right to be, an’ we both know what family’s worth as much ‘cause we lost ours as anythin’ else. I’ve got a lot more folks I’d die for these days, but Chris still comes first for me. Has since I met him, and will ‘til the day I die.”

Buck blinked and then one corner of his mustache twitched upwards in reluctant amusement. He knew Vin meant every word. If there was any one person Vin had never made a secret of his loyalty to, it was Chris. He’d seen it in the way Vin quietly backed Chris up when they met, and knew it had only grown stronger over the years. “Just so we understand each other.”

“Always have, Buck. I know where I stand with you.” Vin nodded towards Chris. “Right behind him, no matter what trails he wants to take.” He smiled again, a bit wider this time. “I hope that means I’ll stand with you, and with the others too, but like Chris said, I can’t pick another man’s road for him. All I can do is take my own trail as best I can an’ try not to hurt the folks I care about along the way.”

Buck nodded, feeling more than a little respect for Vin’s unflinching honesty. “I hear you, Vin.” He finally turned his gaze back to Chris then, surprised he was being so quiet until he saw the way Chris was watching Vin. He looked like he couldn’t decide whether to kiss Vin or kick his ass, and Buck had to laugh. He’d seen Chris look at Sarah just the same way a thousand times when she had some idea stuck in her head that Chris just couldn’t wrap his mind around.

Chris looked at Buck sharply, eyebrows drawing down into a scowl when he realized Buck was laughing at him. “What’s so damned funny?”

Buck grinned. “Don’t you be actin’ like an ol’ bear with a sore tooth now, Chris. I figure y’all are right, this ain’t my trail, but I’ll still ride swing for you anytime you want. We’ve been through too much for that to change now, even if you have lost your minds.” He tipped his hat to Chris and Vin. “And on that note, I’ll leave you boys to whatever you had planned, long as you don’t tell me about it. Seein’ you kiss was more than enough for this old cowboy to know about what you get up to when I ain’t around. I got a pretty lady and a steak the size of my head waitin’ on me, so I’ll be going now. Night.”

Buck heeled his grey around without another word and flicked his hand forward with the reins. Misty leapt from a standing start into a gallop, headed for the trail towards town.

~*~*~*~

Vin watched Buck’s grey mare until she disappeared into the trees on the crest of the hill, then turned his attention to Chris and had to really work at it not to laugh. Chris was scowling after Buck like he’d run off with Chris’ hat, or maybe his gun. Vin nudged him, grinning. “Lighten up, cowboy. He’s gonna be fine, just like I told you.”

Chris looked at Vin, still scowling. “An’ I still wanna know how you were so damned sure Buck wouldn’t have a fit. I seen him beat a man near to death once for comin’ at him a little too friendly. How’d you know Buck wasn’t gonna do the same to us, or try to at least?”

Vin grinned wider. “’Cause we ain’t gonna touch him, or at least I won’t. I dunno about you, but I’m too damned smart to try and get in that tall drink o’ water’s britches. He’d shoot me, sure as I’m standin’ here. He’d be sorry after, sure, but that wouldn’t help me none.”

Chris blinked and then laughed. “He might, at that.”

“And then you’d feel beholden to shoot him,” Vin added, still grinning, “and you’d be so lost without either one of us t’ take care of you that you’d follow us in the ground within a week. You’re better off stickin’ with me and lettin’ Buck chase his ladies. He’s hung like a horse, sure, but he wouldn’t be near as eager to bend over for you as I am.” Vin winked and then headed into the cabin, picking up his gun along the way.

Chris knew well what Buck looked like naked after seeing everything Buck had to offer more times over the years than he cared to recall, and he shuddered as he headed inside after Vin. “Buck can keep his hind end just as far from me as he wants. I seen grizzlies with less hair.”

Vin laughed. “Shut the door, Chris. You’re lettin’ the bugs in.”

Chris chuckled and shut the door.