Watching the Sunrise with Forgetful Lilly
By Triple V

The adventure continues with Lilly, Alex, and Claire in:

Watching the Sunrise with Forgetful Lilly

Lilly’s POV

It’s 5:30 in the morning and I’m wide awake. I’ve been awake for a couple of hours already. Well might as well get up and take a quick shower. It’s 5:55am by the time I get done and now I’m trying to figure out what to do. Alex and Claire won’t be up for another few hours so I’ll have to find something.

After a minute I decide to watch the sunrise. I step out onto my balcony and gaze out to the horizon. Watching the sunrise was so peaceful. I’m not sure how long I stood there, absorbed in all the tranquility. The peacefulness ended abruptly as a gust of wind came by that made me shiver. Wow, it was a lot colder than I thought. I started rubbing my arms to try and keep warm then I made a shocking discover. As I rubbed my arms they rubbed against my breasts…my bare breasts. Please don’t tell me…Without looking I slide my hands down my back onto my ass and feel…more bare skin. Oh joy. Finally I look down to see that I am indeed bare-ass naked. I’ve been stand outside on my balcony naked for who knows how long. I really need to start paying more attention. Good news is that it is still early so no one has seen me, but I better get back inside before someone does.

I pull at the door and it won’t budge. What the…This time I pull a little harder, but it still refuses to open. No…I desperately try to open the door, but its no use. Nononononono, you have got to be kidding me! I’m locked outside…again and I’m naked…again. And to top it all off being locked out on a balcony of the second floor facing the street leaves me utterly exposed for all to see. What am I going to do? I can see my alarm clock through the glass door. It says 7:55. Some of the neighbors are probably getting ready to leave for work so I can’t just wait for Alex or Claire to find me. I have no choice but to climb along the side of the house to either Alex’s or Claire’s bedroom window to let me in.

Lucky for me part of the roof overhangs next to the balcony so I can walk on it. Unlucky for me though is that I can’t use my arms to cover myself or I might lose my balance. I make my way to Claire’s window. A few minutes later I arrive at Claire’s window. I knock on it and waited…and waited…and waited…and nothing. I knocked harder this and still nothing. Geez, Claire sure is a heavy sleeper. I can’t waited any longer I have to get over to Alex.

After another few minutes and a couple of near falls later I finally got to Alex’s window. She doesn’t have her curtains drawn so I can see inside her bedroom. She’s curled up on her bed fast asleep. I truly hate to have to wake her, but I can’t risk staying out here much longer. I knocked on the window and she started to stir. I knocked again and she wake up. She saw me and had a bewildered look on her face. She gets out of bed and…ooh my. A little fun fact about Alex. Apparently, she likes to sleep in the nude. She’s still a little too sleepy to notice that she is naked as she unlocks the window and slides it open. I thank her and quickly step inside. Without saying another word I run to my room. Wow, that was embarrassing. At least I got to see a nice sunrise.

Claire’s POV

What a beautiful morning for a naked stroll. Well actually I am wearing a towel, but I’m bare-ass naked underneath. Ok let me explain. Every few months I sneak out early in the morning, walk all the way to the other side of the neighborhood, and walk all the way back wearing nothing but a towel and sneakers. It makes me feel adventurous. I also like to climb into people’s backyards. Right now I’m standing in front of Sun’s backyard fence. Every time I try and climb something my towel falls off, so to make it easier I take off my towel and throw it over. Then I climb the fence and wrap it around me again. This makes me feel even more adventurous.

I better hurry because it’s starting to get lighter out. Just as I’m about to take off my towel something catches my eye. Between the boards I can see someone on the roof of my house. Is it a robber…no wait it’s…Lilly? Why is Lilly walking on the roof…and why is she naked.

Feeling a little daring I stand in the middle of the yard for a couple more minutes. I don’t really care if Sun catches me. It’s not like she’s offended by nudity because I know for a fact that she sunbathes naked. It feels so nice out here.

All of a sudden I hear something behind me. That something was Sun’s pet dog Cuddles. Why do I always forget about Cuddles? He’s a Great Dane, kind of hard to miss. He has always liked me. Maybe a little too much. I see him looking at me. I tell him good doggy and stay. That never works because right after I say it he rushes toward me. I break out into a run and scramble over the fence. Man, that was a close one…AAAAH I’M NAKED! I look through the fence and see Cuddles tearing my towel to shreds. Great now I have to make it across the street and back into my house naked.

Hiding behind a bush I scan the area to see if the coast is clear. I jump the gun though and was almost run over by Juliet. She was just getting back from a double shift at the hospital. She was definitely surprised to see me. We look at each other for a few second before I come to my senses. I climb the fence to my backyard, up the side of the house, and into my bedroom. Well, that was “fun”, but I think its going another few months before I do that again.

Alex’s POV

Dream Sequence

I love the feeling of the sun on my face, the wind in my hair, and the sand between my toes. This is paradise. Lilly, Claire, and I run into the water. We splash around for a bit then I swim out further. I’m out there for a good couple of minutes before swimming back. As I near the shore I can feel something amiss. I look down and see that I’m naked. I throw my arms over my breasts and submerge myself back in the water. On the shore I can see Claire waving what appears to be my bikini. Oh she’s good. I didn’t even notice her. I already know that she has no intention of giving my bikini back. I have no choice, but to walk out of the water and get it back myself.

As the water get shallower and shallower I can feel my face turn red from embarrassment…knock, knock, knock…What the…as I was saying the water was dripping from my body as Claire handed me my bikini. And as I turned around she playfully smacks my ass and…KNOCK, KNOCK, KNOCK, KNOCK…Huh?

End Dream Sequence

I wake and I’m in my room on my bed. Aww man, that dream was just starting to get good…KNOCK, KNOCK, KNOCK. Where is that knocking coming from? I looking around and see something outside my window. I can’t quite make it out though as my eyes aren’t in focus yet…ooook, either I’m still dreaming or that’s Lilly outside my window…naked. Why is she…Oh it’s too early for this. I get out of bed and open the window for her. She comes in and immediately runs off to her room. After a minute I notice that I’m naked and should probably slip a robe on or something. Might as well get some breakfast because I doubt I’ll be able to go back to sleep now.



Well that’s it for this story. Sorry it took so long. Once again I apologize for my grammar and the fact that I use several works multiple times. If some people could send replies saying it didn’t totally suck then I would know it wasn’t all for nothing.

Check in for my next installment of Forgetful Lilly in: A Walk in the Park with Forgetful Lilly
