Title: Keep it in the Family
Rating: NC17
Pairing(s):Spike/Xander/Angel
Chapter : 5/18
Previous Chapters : Starts here and follow links at bottom.
Warning(s): vamp!Xander
Beta(s): Not beta'd but proofread
Disclaimer: Not mine – believe me, if they were I wouldn't be writing about them, I'd be rolling around in a bed with them! 
Summary: What happens when Spike gets a little brother?

“City Op to Farmboy, come in Farmboy, over”.

“This is Farmboy, report City Op”.

“Hey, Riley, need to check something with you man. Are you sure there's only supposed to be one vamp here? Cos we've seen a delivery that should juice up a party, if you know what I'm saying”.

“Affirmative, Forest, there should only be one vamp there. Formerly known as Angelus, now going by Angel. Maggie would be very impressed if we managed to bag that hostile for her to work on. Over 250 years old, very strong, and allegedly has a soul – though I'm not sure I believe that one, unless you believe animals have souls?”

“Yeah, right – next thing you'll be telling me these things can love and feel? Nah, gotta be a pile of bull. But yeah, man, there was a major juice delivery, and we have a dark haired visitor that hasn't come back out. There was some sort of scuffle there about 3 days ago, but we hadn't set up properly so haven't been able to find out what's the sitch. You want us to hang tight?”

“Yes, hang tight. Keep watch and report in directly and only to me if Angelus leaves. I want to know where he's going and who goes with him. Capisce?”

“You got it. City Op out.”

“Do you think he's just sulking because of the Anya thing?” Sipping at her mocha cappuccino, Willow looked over at Buffy from under the brim of her hat.
“I don't think so. Riley has some dumb idea that Xander's being all avoidy cos of Spike. You don't think he's right do ya Will?” Tilting her head, Willow gave it some thought.

“I don't think so. I mean, he and Spike hadn't even been arguing as much. You know Buffy, I feel like we haven't been good friends to him lately – we've been so busy with college and stuff, we haven't hung out in a while”. They walked along in silence for a few minutes.

“Do you think he would tell us if we had upset him? If he felt like we weren't being good friends. I would so hate it if we were the reason behind him not coming round, taking part in research and everything” Buffy was solemn, more worried than she had admitted to Riley. She had felt bad when Riley asked her if she preferred having Spike at her back rather than Xander, even though her reasons were good ones. She just didn't want Xander to get hurt, and it wasn't as though Spike could ever take Xander's place as their friend.

“You think he would lie to us? Oh no, that doesn't sound like my Xander. He wouldn't – he would tell us the truth. Wouldn't he?”

“How would we know?”

“Well, there was this spell I saw in this book that Giles had locked away – kinda like a truth spell. I could do it and we could just ask Xander why he hasn't been around and he'd be all honest and stuff with us, not worry about hurting our feelings”. Willow was almost bouncing in place, very pleased with her idea.

“You know that doesn't sound like a bad idea. I think Riley's wrong, but I could see Xander not wanting to upset us by saying stuff like that. And you should always tell your friends the truth anyway”. Nodding in agreement, Willow hummed beneath her breath, mentally planning the ingredients she would need to do the spell on Xander next time they saw him.

It was the feel of a firm ass pressing and moving against his groin that woke Spike. Opening his eyes blearily, he looked across the bed, a quiet moan escaping him at the sight. Xander had his face buried at Angel's neck, nursing at his throat, audibly sucking. Angel's head was thrown back, his hand gripping the back of Xander's head and holding him in place. His eyes were squeezed shut, his lips parted as he breathed heavily. As Spike watched, the dark brown eyes opened and caught his, so dilated as to be almost completely black. Angel didn't try to hide how he was feeling, staring directly into Spike's eyes, letting him see exactly what effect Xander's feeding was having on him.
Without conscious thought, Spike thrust his hips forward, hands reaching forward and gripping the smooth hips to hold Xander's body in place. Rubbing his cock over the smooth, taut cheeks, he ran one hand down the young man's spine before reaching forward and resting his hand on Angel's hip, pulling him forward slightly so that from the groin downwards the three of them were pressed together. Leaning forward, he pressed an open mouthed kiss on the nape of Xander's neck, pushing his hips forward harder as he pulled Angel closer.

“Sire....” Xander gasped as he lifted his head, the taste of Angel's blood going straight to his groin and heating him up from the inside. He blindly reached behind him for Spike, pressing his ass backwards into the smooth cradle of Spike's hips. Angel's head darted down, licking a stray droplet of blood from Xander's lower lip before taking his mouth in a passionate kiss. Gasping for unneeded air, Xander opened for his Sire, tongue darting out to duel with Angel's, at the same time lifting his hand behind him he pulled Spike's face closer into his nape, groaning at the feel of the lean, hard body pressed against him, cool lips and blunt human teeth.

Pulling away from Angel's kiss, he turned his body half around, reaching for Spike's face and pulling him into a deep kiss. He sighed as Angel attacked his neck, nipping, sucking and nibbling as he worked his way down to the bite mark.

“Fuck!” he exclaimed as Angel nipped at his scar with human teeth, lapping at it with his tongue before gnawing at it. Attacked from both sides, Spike consuming his mouth, tugging his hair to pull his head back further, Angel pressing his large body against Xander's so that he was caged between them. Twisting fully round, he wrapped his arms around Spike's neck, sucking at his tongue as he threw his leg over one lean hip. As he did so, he felt Angel press closer to him, a hand reaching down to slide between the cheeks of his ass and a finger just glancing over the tight pucker. He could feel the back of Angel's knuckles, then the smooth length of his hard cock as he tucked it between the cheeks of his ass, not trying to enter, just rubbing up and down the sensitive cleft. “Guh!”

Spike leaned back, staring into the young man's face. Panting, lips puffy and red from kissing, Xander looked back at him, his eyes sliding closed as Spike's hand slipped between them and gripped his erect cock, sliding smoothly up and down, twisting at the head before sliding his thumb over it to collect the pre-cum to use as a lubricant to his strokes. Pushing forward, he gripped his own dick at the same time, pressing them together as he continued his smooth, even strokes. His grip got tighter, verging on painful.

Behind him, Angel was still rubbing his cock between the cheeks of his ass, biting at Xander's neck now, around his scar, hands sliding over to his chest, pulling and tugging at his nipples too hard until Xander squirmed and tried to pull away. Then his hand went back behind Xander's back and he felt it slip between the cheeks of his ass again, taking hold of his cock, and aiming it towards the tight hole. Panicking, Xander's eyes flew open and he tried to move his leg from over Spike's hip but Spike was there in full game-face, leering at him, laughing as he gripped Xander behind the knee, holding him open for Angel as he began to move forward...

The sound of Xander whimpering alerted Angel that the fledge was waking up, and throwing down the mop and cloths he had been using to wipe up the mess upstairs, he rushed down the stairs and back to the bed. Spike was completely out of it, sleeping (no pun intended) like the dead the way he always did, taking up nearly half the bed with his starfish-style sprawl. Xander was tossing and turning, muttering agitatedly in his sleep as he moved around. Sliding back into his space, Angel wrapped his arms around the boy, pulling him close.
“NO!” Pushing out of Angel's arms, Xander jerked into a sitting position.

“Xander, Xander – what's wrong?” Disoriented, Xander looked round – slowly realising where he was as he saw Spike conked out next to him, the innocent laxity of his face in sleep bringing a wry smile to his face. He turned and looked at Angel who was watching him closely.

“I – I had a bad dream. You and Spike – you were both – and it was too fast, and rough and - “

“Hey, no, no, lad – don't ye be worrying. If and when something happens, we'll take it slow. Nothing you don't want, okay?” Tugging Xander into his arms, Angel pulled him close. “Is that what you're worried about – too much too fast?” Xander nodded, embarrassed that despite his desire to be close to both vampires, he wasn't sure he was ready for a full-on vampire threesome.

“I haven't been with anyone – not like that anyway. Only recently realised I was bi, you know?”

“Xander, it's ok. You've been through so much the last few days – your head is all spun around. It'll be fine”. Nodding, he allowed Angel to pull him back onto the bed. “Hungry?” As soon as Angel said the word, he was aware of a raging thirst and again he nodded. He watched with wide eyes, his vamp face sliding over his human one as Angel sliced at his neck with his nail, a thin line of blood rising and calling to Xander. “Drink Childe”. Lurching forward, Xander buried his face in Angel's neck, refusing to consider the similarity with his dream. He lapped at the blood, moaning at the delicious taste of Sire – home/love/acceptance – all coming through in the blood as his fangs dove in delicately and he sucked hard. Angel's hand was carding through his hair and he could feel as well as hear the subsonic purring from his chest, happily allowing it to lull him back to sleep as he drank his fill.

“S'he alright?” Angel looked up to see Spike watching him with half-opened eyes.

“Yeah – typical fledge dream, but with two Masters instead of one. Except of course since he's still himself it was more of a nightmare”. Angel sighed.

“How you expecting this to work? Cos I don't like sharing but I don't think I'm gonna have much of a choice am I?”

“Oh I remember a time or two you didn't mind sharing”. For a moment, Spike was lost in memories – times when he and his Sire had shared prey, pressing the warm male or female body between them, fucking, sucking, drinking at the same time.

“That was different – never long term was it? Food. Bit different this ain't it?”

“Spike – what do you want me to say? I don't have all the answers”.

“Won't stay where I ain't wanted – you know that”.

“And what if I said you were wanted? That this wasn't just about Xander?”

“Is that what you're saying?”

“Would it matter?”

“Maybe”. Sitting up, Spike ran his hand through his hair, automatically trying to smooth it back, sighing as the curls stubbornly sprang back up.

“So - “

“Depends dunnit. If you're thinking that the Whelp has feelings for me, and this is your way o'keeping him close. Can't treat him the same's ya did me – not with ya soul and whatnot. So, what, ya gonna use me to hang onto him?”

“Spike – you know I don't need to use you to hang onto Xander. I'm his Sire – he wants to be with me”.

“So ya think he'd choose you do ya? What – cos the two of ya have your souls, ya think he won't want me?” Angel sighed, exasperated.

“That isn't what I said. And we don't know if Xander still has his soul. God, do you delight in taking me the wrong way or something?”

“Well maybe if you weren't being so bloody cryptic I wouldn't be able to now would I?” Practically shouting, Spike looked down at Xander, relieved when he stayed asleep.

“Fine. I won't be too cryptic for you. William, I want you to stay. If I had known about the chip, I would have come for you – brought you home, kept you safe. Done something about it. But the situation has changed. Xander is part of this now, and I don't want to have to choose and I don't think he should have to choose”.

“Meanin'?”

“Meaning I want you both. I want to keep you both and have my family back together – the way it used to be but without all the torture and bloodshed”. Silence. Stroking his hand through Xander's thick hair, Angel watched Spike guardedly. He hadn't wanted to spew all that out, but typical Spike, dragging it out of him, forcing him to put his feelings into words. He might call Angel a poof, but Spike could be such a woman sometimes, always wanting to know how someone felt.

“Wasn't all bad”. He looked over at the quiet mutter, not understanding.

“What wasn't?”

“The torture and the bloodshed. T'wasn't all bad”. Avoiding Angel's gaze, Spike leaned over and stroked his hand through Xander's hair, allowing his fingers to graze against Angel's.

“Things would have to be different this time – no killing, William”. Spike snorted.

“S'not like I can anyway – not with this chip”.

“And any torture would be – well, it would be consensual”.

“Spike”.

“What?”

“The name is Spike”.

“You'll always be William to me”. He could see the scowl crossing Spike's face, his hand no longer caressing but trying to escape Angel's. “But I can save it for special occasions. If you like”.

For a moment the shy smile he hadn't seen in years crossed Spike's face, and he could see his William. Then Spike turned away, hiding his face.

“Yeah, well, not got anything better to do. And we can always leave later”. Inwardly smirking, well aware of Spike's need to hide behind the Big Bad, Angel nodded.

“Yes, you can always leave later. Now can we get back to sleep? I only got up because I wanted to clean up the mess upstairs – it's still daylight you know”. Spike looked over at him, considering. Before he could say anything further or move to lie back down, Angel flipped Xander over his body so that now he was in the middle of the bed. Deliberately holding Spike's gaze, he sliced at his neck again. “Drink Childe, then sleep. We have much to teach your sibling when he next wakes”.

Shocked, Spike was frozen in place for a moment, unable to believe that Angel meant it. Slowly, he slid across the bed, leaning down and over so that he was hovering over Angel.

“Ya mean it?” Smiling, Angel nodded, tilting his head slightly. With a moan of desire for everything the offer represented, Spike lay down and tucked his head into the curve of Angel's neck. He lapped at the dripping blood, sighing as he tasted his Sire for the first time in too long. Then, realising that Angel really did mean it – that this could be his chance to have his own family back, he gently dug in with his fangs and began to drink. Wrapping his arm around Spike's slender body, Angel tugged him in, pulling him against his body. Closing his eyes, he couldn't stop the purr that escaped as his demon relished being surrounded by family, loving family for the first time in decades.