Author: mypenname3000
Title: Owning a Maid Harem Chapter Seven: Owning a Busty Teacher Maid
Summary: Lance picks his next maid, his sexy teacher Ms. Docea!
Keywords: mF mFf mc oral creampie anal A2M titty exhib voy public school

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Maria Hayward

I was so glad that my sister, Nancy, had come to a visit. She was a few years younger than me. A wilder girl with strawberry-blonde hair that fell around her face. She dressed to show off her round breasts, her pants were so tight. She had a fire in her that had always burned too bright.

Oh, it's so good to see you, too, Maria, Nancy said as she broke the hug. She looked me up and down me. My, my, that uniform really suits you. A maid... I think that's just perfect for you. You always were better at the domestic stuff than me.

I smiled but didn't bring up her messy divorce. She had not been a faithful woman. Her daughters had different fathers. It's perfect. I love being my son's Mommy-Maid. It just feels so right to wear his silver garter.

Yep, said Nancy. She looked around. Wow, this place sure is... gloomy. It really needs to be redecorated. Your brother-in-law also had  some... weird taste in art.

Well... I glanced at Cali, arching my eyebrow in question.

The purple-eyed maid studied my sister then said, You've done enough cleaning for the day. Take her to your quarters and socialize. I can finish up with any tough spots that remain.

Thanks, I said and took my sister's hand. This way.

She looked around as I led her to the grand staircase that led up to the third floor where the living quarters were. She glanced at a picture of a black, misshapen dog chasing a young, naked woman through a creepy woods on the wall by the stairs. 

Very weird art, she said. It's so Lovecraftian.

Oh, who? I asked. Is he a painter?

A writer, H.P Lovecraft, she said, rolling her eyes. She liked to pretend to be so sophisticated. I hope you have an estate sale. Some of this stuff must be worth something. And you can replace it with something better.

No, no, I said as we headed up the stairs. They're Hayward heirlooms. They can't be gotten rid of. All of this artwork is my son's legacy. He must... safeguard it.

Riiiight, said Nancy, looking around.

Wanting to change the subject, I asked, How are my nieces doing?

Oh, Deborah and Izzy are doing great, said Nancy. I should have brought them, but they had school. I didn't see the need to disrupt that for a visit. But next time... I mean... She shuddered as we reached the third floor. This place is amazing but it's also creepy. I mean, why does your late husband's family collect such... disturbing art.

She glanced at a man with a long and crooked nose with a deranged smile that showed off his broken teeth. He held a bloody knife up in the air, the crimson spilling down his hands. She shuddered and walked a tad faster.

It's a long story, I said. Sort of a family tradition.

Weird tradition.

I nodded as we passed the Gizzamuluke's painting. I could feel that malformed cat staring at us, his green eyes almost tracking us. I didn't show any fear as I marched by. It was still the day. They didn't even have a chance of coming out during the day.

I reached the door at the end of the hall and pushed it open onto the family's living area. It opened onto a little waiting room. An antechamber. Through there was a very modern-looking living room with a connected kitchen. Big screen TV, couches, and recliners. 

Thank god, groaned my sister. I thought you lived in the same sort of Gothic horror as out there. This is much better.

I smiled. Yes. A little refugee. I headed to the kitchen. Tea?

Sure, she said. Man, I really do love your uniform. It's so neat that you're your son's maid.

Another roil of joy bubbled up through me. I truly love it, I said, grabbing the electric kettle. I'm so happy. For the first time since my husband passed, I'm happy. 

I can tell, Nancy said. Your five years of moping is over. 

It was. I had my son to take care of. I was so happy. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

Ms. Docea stared at the light-blue garter in my hand and beamed. She looked so happy that I had chosen her to be my next maid. Her green eyes sparkled. Her red hair fell in fiery curls around her lovely face. She was such a hot teacher. I needed to have her as one of my maids.

She unbuttoned her blouse. Right here before her class, she worked the buttons through their eyelets. She trembled, her black bra peeking out before she revealed it. I groaned at the sight of her big boobs held in her bra. 

Oh, she's so gorgeous, Master, my Maid-Wife purred. Bella stood at my side. She was so supportive and loving. Great choice! I approve!

I'm glad, I said, my free hand squeezing her naked ass. She wore only her yellow garter. Until she had her maid's uniform and was properly dressed, she wouldn't wear anything. 

Ms. Docea seemed the same as she reached behind her and unhooked her bra. Everyone was watching, especially the other boys. Her big breasts spilled out of the cups. They were so heavy and lovely. As big as Mom's or Cali's. The teacher dropped her bra, discarding it like it meant nothing to her. I reached out and pinched a hard, pink nipple.

Master, she groaned as I twisted her nub.

My Teacher-Maid was such a delicious woman. She unzipped her skirt and let it drop. Beneath, she wore bikini-cut, black panties. I smiled, so eager to see that fiery bush and the pussy it held. I released her nipple as she hooked the waistband of her panties.

Ready for the big reveal, Master, cooed Bella.

So ready, I said, winking at Ms. Docea.

Then ta-da! the teacher declared as she shoved off her panties. The cloth rolled off her hips and down her thighs revealing...

A shaved pussy. I was surprised to see her bare cuntlips gleaming with her juices. She bent over, working the panties down. Her big boobs swayed back and forth as she pushed the panties down her body. Her tits smacked together, her flesh rippling from the impacts. She stepped out of her panties and stared at me with her green eyes. They burned.

She raised her left, standing on one foot. I dropped to my knees and slid the light-blue garter over her foot. She had dainty toes, the nails covered in a clear gloss. I pushed the garter over her calves to her knees. I touched her sleek thighs as I brought the garter to its final resting place.

Master Hayward, she moaned in delight, her back arching. Oh, I am so ready to serve you. To be your expert. To study. To learn. To educate you on the mysteries of the world.

Yes, you are, Bella said as I rose to my feet. She grabbed at my hardon through my jeans. And he needs to have his cock pleasured. A titty fuck! You need to give him a titty fuck, Ms. Docea!

A collective groan ran from all the other boys in the room. They all wished Ms. Docea was their Teacher-Maid. But she was mine. 

That's such an excellent idea, Miss Bella, said Ms. Docea. Master, would you like me to wrap my big tits around your cock and work up and down your shaft until you cum.

Fuck, yes, I groaned. What teenage boy wouldn't want to have his sexy high school teacher do that to him?

Then let's just get your jeans open, honey, Bella purred. My Maid-Wife had such a naughty gleam. Ms. Docea, you must take care of my Master-Husband. I won't tolerate anything less than your full effort.

Of course, Miss Bella, Ms. Docea purred as Bella unsnapped my jeans and ripped open my fly. I see why you married her, Master Hayward.

She's amazing, I said and kissed my Maid-Wife. 

Bella's lips melted to mine as she pulled out my cock. Her warm hand held me. She stroked up and down me, sending pleasure racing through my body. I was so glad that my best friend was now my wife. It made things so much more wonderful.

She broke the kiss and winked at me. I grinned at her and sank onto the chair. My big dick thrust out before me. The girls were watching. Ms. Docea glanced at a few of them then sank to her knees. She gripped her tits.

Girls, she said. You need a nice pair of tits for this, she said. Don't even think of giving a good titty fuck if you have anything less than a C. And you girls with C's better hope your guy isn't as hung as Master Hayward.

Girls were nodding. Even taking notes.

You need a big pair of tits for a guy with a big dick, she purred as she wrapped her tits around my cock. Master Hayward has a big one.

Bella nodded like she was an expert on them even though I had deflowered her this morning when I made her a maid before the school. Had she been staring at porn or something? She smiled at me as I savored Ms. Docea's breasts around my cock.

Once you have your tits wrapped around his dick, it's really quite easy, purred the Teacher-Maid. Her hard nipples rubbed at my stomach through my t-shirt. You just slide up and down. It's like a handjob but with boobs. You keep doing that until he cums. It'll be messy. All over your face. So be ready for that. Never be afraid of a facial, girls. It'll turn your guy on, and it'll make you feel so slutty. Nothing wrong with being slutty with your boyfriend or husband or Master.

She stared up at me as she slid her big boobs up my cock. I groaned in delight at the feel of her silky tits massaging my dick. She smiled at me as she saw the pleasure. I shifted in my chair as those warm, soft tits engulfed the head of my rod. She slid back down them, my tip re-emerging.

Damn, I groaned. That's perfect, Ms. Docea.

I'm glad you approve of my technique, Master Hayward, she purred. Now, girls, don't be afraid to squeeze tighter to increase the friction.

She squeezed tighter. I groaned as she engulfed the crown of my dick. Pleasure spilled down my shaft and washed through my body. My toes curled in my shoes. I loved this pleasure. I savored it. Having her fuck my cock with her tits was outstanding.

Ms. Docea's red hair swayed about her face as she worked her soft tits up and down my cock. Every time her big boobs swallowed the crown of my cock, more pleasure rippled through me. It was an outstanding delight. I loved it so much.

Now, girls, purred Ms. Docea as she gave me such an amazing titty fuck, when the precum is flowing, you can lick the crown of his cock.

Really? Bella asked, moving closer and staring down at the sight. That's amazing.

Mmm, when his crown pops out of your tits, just leaned down and... My crown popped out of her tits. She licked it with her tongue, stroking right across my slit. I shuddered with pleasure. Lick it.

Fuck, I breathed as she kept working her tits up and down my dick.

As you can see, she cooed, it has a wonderful effect on your man.

Wow, a girl whimpered as Ms. Docea licked my cock again. That's so amazing. I had no idea.

Bella nodded in agreement as she watched. The sweet musk of her pussy filled my nose. I breathed in her passion as Ms. Docea massaged my cock with her big boobs. She worked her tits up and down my dick, squeezing her breasts about them. 

I loved it. I savored as she licked the crown of my dick again and again. Every time my cock emerged from between her tits, she lapped at me. Her tongue stroked across my slit, gathering up my precum. The pleasure shot down to my balls each time she did that.

The pressure grew in them. I grabbed Bella's rump. I kneaded my Maid-Wife's ass as she quivered beside me. A bead of her pussy cream ran down her thighs. Her hands kneaded her tits. They were C-cups, just not big enough for a cock like mine.

Mmm, the precum that your man leaks as you fuck his cock with your tits is such a treat, girls, cooed Ms. Docea. I truly love it.

She licked me again. My cock twitched between her tits. Those lovely boobs slid up and engulfed my dick again. I loved the pleasure coursing through me. I would have such a big climax. My nuts tightened with a big load of cum.

I kneaded Bella's rump as I rose towards my orgasm. The pressure grew and grew at the tip of my cock that she massaged with her boobs and stroked with her tongue. I groaned, loving every lick and lap. It was an incredible delight.

Shit, I groaned, squeezing Bella's rump.

You're going to cum, aren't you, Master-Husband? purred my wife.

Yes! I groaned. Just going to cum all over your face, Ms. Docea!

Wonderful, she moaned and licked my cock again. Her tits squeezed tighter about my cock. She worked her boobs faster. Oh, just cum on my face, Master Hayward. Just cum all over my face. I want you to shower me in your jizz.

Everyone was watching. The girls all squirmed in their seats. The guys were craning their necks to watch. I groaned as those hot tits slid up my dick and engulfed my cock. She massaged the sensitive tip. The pressure there burst.

My balls unloaded all their cum on her face.

Spurt after spurt of my milky jizz splashed across my Teacher-Maid's face. I hosed her down. I pumped blast after blast of cum that coated her features. She moaned, opening her mouth wide as I bucked in ecstasy. Rapture slammed through me.

Fuck! I groaned as I painted her face in my jizz. Ms. Docea! Oh, fuck! You're mine! You're fucking mine now! I own you!

Master Hayward! she squealed as more of my cum splashed on her face. Yes, yes, you own me!

I shuddered, my chair creaking as the ecstasy surged through me and crashed into my mind. Every spurt of my cum sent more bliss rushing through my flesh. I loved it. I fired one more time, splashing her features in my cum.

I panted, leaning back in my chair as she squeezed her boobs around my cock. My jizz dripped down onto her big boobs. She licked her lips, gathering up the pearly spunk that ran down her face. She moaned in delight as she let her tits slide from around my cock.

Mmm, girls, she said. That is the joys of giving a titty fuck but... When you have a man like my Master, well, you have to do more to please him. Now since he's sitting in a chair, so I would recommend something like a reverse cowgirl position. You sit on his cock and lean forward. You should be able to work your cunt up and down him. Allow me to demonstrate.

Fuck, she was amazing. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ms. Lynette Docea

I loved the feel of Master Hayward's cum spilling down my face. He was just such an amazing master. My pussy burned for his big dick to fill my cunt. I rose to my feet and turned, my ass almost in his face. He smacked my rump.

I groaned in delight at the stinging heat. He was so strong and dominating. I loved this so much. I sat slowly onto his lap, lowering my pussy towards his cock. Bella watched, a big grin on her face. She was his Wife-Maid. I was his Teacher-Maid. It all made such sense to me.

The tip of his cock brushed my pussy lips. He was aiming his cock. Wonderful. My students were all watching my demonstration. I slicked my lips, savoring the heat of his jizz on my face. It was such a wonderful moment.

My pussy lips pushed over his cock as I groaned, This is such a wonderful moment, girls. When your first take your man's cock in your pussy. That moment of penetration is so wonderful. Whether he's thrusting into you, or you get the delicious pleasure of controlling it, it's magical.

Bella nodded, her smile dimpling her cheeks.

Fuck, groaned Master Hayward as my pussy lips slid over his thick crown. He really was hung. 

I shuddered as my pussy devoured his cock. Inch after inch. I lowered myself down his shaft, swallowing his rod. My thighs burned with the effort of controlling my descent. I savored it, my pussy burning hot. My big boobs quivered.

I sat fully down on him. I had every inch of his dick in my pussy. He reached so deep into me. I planted my hands on my knees, leaning forward. My big boobs swayed beneath me as Master groaned. He gripped my hips.

You're so hot and wet, Ms. Docea, he groaned.

And is she tight, Master-Husband? asked Bella as she stood before me. She leaned down, staring at me with hunger.

So fucking tight, Bella, he groaned. Oh, yes, yes, that's perfect, Ms. Docea.

Mmm, Bella, do you want to lick his cum off my face? I asked. Girls, if there are two of you sharing a man, then you have to lick his seed off each other. Faces, tits, thighs, and even eat it out of each other's pussies. Creampies are just amazing.

They are, Bella moaned then licked the cum off my cheek, her warm tongue stroking up me. I loved the feel of her doing that. Mmm, that's yummy.

She licked my face again as I lifted my cunt up Master's wonderful cock. He had such an amazing dick. A wondrous lance that my pussy adored. I squeezed my snatch around him and worked my twat up and down him with hunger.

Bella bathed my face with her tongue as I worked my twat up and down Master's cock. He groaned, his hands gripping my waist. He helped me ride him, lifting me with his strength. My pussy clung to his thick dick. God, Master was hung.

Yes, I breathed as Bella licked her tongue to my lips. She kissed me.

I groaned as she thrust her tongue into my mouth. She buried it in deep. I groaned at the taste of my salty cum on her lips. It was so wonderful to have her sharing his jizz with me as I worked my cunt up and down his dick.

It felt so right being Master's maid. His Teacher-Maid. I would have to educate him. Study. Learn. There were so many mysteries out there that I had to understand. This power. The ease that it had claimed me. I was his thrall and did not care.

The students didn't react the way they should to sex happening in the middle of class. 

Was it magic? Did it have rules? My thoughts brimmed with all these possibilities as I worked my cunt up and down his dick. I squeezed my snatch around him, so eager to delve into all these unknowns. To illuminate them.

Fuck, groaned Master Hayward as I worked my cunt up and down his dick. That's it, Ms. Docea. That's fucking it! Work that cunt up and down my dick.

I groaned into my kiss with Bella, doing just as commanded. It was so wonderful to serve him with her. And he would have other maids. I knew he would. They would be charmed by the power of the garters, too. I could feel it about my thigh brimming with energy.

I slammed my cunt down his cock. I worked it up and down over and over again. I massaged him with my hot and juicy flesh now. I savored that thick shaft filling me up. He was so thick. I savored how much of his dick was in me.

Just an amazing treat. I loved every second of his thick shaft in me. It was an incredible treat to have his big dick in me. I savored working my cunt up and down his dick. I loved how big and thick he was. It was an incredible rush to ride him like this.

He must be staring at my ass. I could feel my butt-cheeks jiggling.

Bella broke the kiss and licked up more cum off my cheek.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned, feeling all the eyes of my students around me. Oh, yes, yes, this is how you treat your man.
Hell, yeah, one of the male students groaned. 

Girls were flushed-faced and nodding their heads. I could see the envy in their eyes. They all wanted to serve Master Hayward, too. But none of them were right. They weren't educated. Yet. They were still girls. He needed intelligent women to serve him.

My butt-cheeks jiggled on every downstroke. My cunt squeezed about his dick, loving how he stretched me out. My entire body quivered with delight. This was an amazing rush. I would have such a huge burst of cum. Just climax so hard. I couldn't wait for all the pleasure to rush through me.

Bella kissed me again with her tongue coated in salty cum.

I savored the taste of Master's seed. My fellow maid kissed me with such passion. Her tongue danced around in me as I worked my cunt up and down Master's cock. He gripped my hips. He held me so tight, lifting me up and down.

Shit, shit, shit, groaned Master Hayward. Just like that. Oh, fuck, just like that. You're going to make me cum!

What a wonderful prospect.

I wanted all that cum to spurt into my snatch. To just hose me down with all that cum. It would be an amazing moment. I couldn't wait for him to just spurt and spurt into me. I would have such an amazing burst of pleasure.

Just cum so hard. 

I was ready for it. So eager for that moment to happen. I squeezed my cunt around his dick, riding him hard and fast. I slammed my cunt down his cock, my orgasm building as I passed his cum back and forth with Bella.

She broke the kiss and gasped, Make my Master-Husband cum!

I will! I gasped. Oh, Master Hayward, I want your cum spurting into my pussy. Into my womb! I want your seed in me. Honor me, Master! Honor me!

Oh, I'll honor you! growled Master as my pussy slammed down his dick. Fuck, yes!

His words swelled my orgasm. The pressure built in me. I lifted up him, so ready to feel all his cum spurting into me. He would flood me with all that jizz. Just spurt all that wonderful spunk into my cunt. I was ready for it.

Eager for it.

I worked my cunt up and down his dick, gripping him. Bella quivered before me, her round breasts so cute. She was a gorgeous thing with curly, brown hair and haze eyes. She bit her lower lip, her body squirming with anticipation. She wanted me to make our Master cum.

So did I. I slammed my cunt down Master's dick. I took him to the hilt in me. He grunted as I gasped. My back arched as the pressure in me burst. My orgasm exploded inside of me. My twat spasmed around his cock.

Master Hayward! I cried out, my big tits heaving.

The students erupted into cheers as I climaxed on my Master's huge cock.

My pussy rippled around his dick. I spasmed about his cock, the pleasure surging through me. That wonderful heat washed through me. It was magnificent to enjoy. I loved every second of it. I savored every hot moment of his cum spurting into my snatch.

Goddamn, Ms. Docea! he groaned. Yes! Love you!

I love you! I moaned as he basted my womb with his jizz. 

Master Hayward hosed me down with all that wonderful spunk. It was a magnificent treat to have all his jizz spurting into me. I loved every second of it. Every last moment of his jizz flooding me. My cunt writhed around him.

It was a perfect moment. It was something wonderful. Beautiful. I loved it so much. I was so glad that we had this moment. A big smile spread on my lips as I quivered with joy. More and more of his cum pumped into my womb.

He filled me up with his seed. I tossed my head, my fiery locks flying around my face. I groaned as he grunted. He pumped the last of his cum into my pussy. My snatch nursed at him, making sure I had every drop of his cum in his balls.

Master-Husband, honey, may I lick your naughty maid clean, Bella purred. It's my wifely and maidly duties.

Fuck, yes, groaned Lance, his cock throbbing in me. Sit on a desk, Ms. Docea. Bella's going to lick you clean.

See, girls, I purred, my body buzzing with delight, sharing your guy comes with so many fun delights. I can't wait for Bella to lick our Master's cum out of my pussy.

The girls nodding. They were learning, but none of them were ready to be his maid. Not yet. They needed way more education. Years of study. They had to dedicate themselves to a noble path of research. One day, maybe.

I slid my cunt up his cock. I shuddered at the feel of his big dick caressing me one last time. Then I was off him. I shuddered as his hot jizz ran out of my pussy. It trickled hot down my thighs. A big smile spread on my lips as I clenched my twat shut.

I turned and sat on a desk. I savored the cool, waxed surface beneath my hot ass. I spread my legs apart. Cum leaked out and ran down my taint as Bella bent over. The brunette maid went  right for my cunt. Not an ounce of hesitation.

She was an amazing Maid-Wife.

Bella! I gasped as she nuzzled into my cunt. She licked up the cum that leaked out of my pussy. Our man's salty cum. Yes!

Her tongue slid through my petals. She licked and lapped at me with such hunger. She knew just what she was doing to me. I loved it. My back arched as I humped against her face. My thighs squeezed about her as I leaned back on the desk, planting my left hand on the edge. My right slid through her curly, brown hair.

Master Hayward moved behind her. The tall, serious young man pulled off his t-shirt. He was no muscle-bound hunk. A tall and quiet young man of seventeen. He had something about him, though. In his eyes. Almost a golden gleam of dominance. A strength. A certainty.

I would follow this man into hell.

He pressed his dick, soaked with my pussy juices, into the crack of Bella's ass. He slid it down. The girl moaned her eagerness into my pussy as he must have found her asshole. He pushed right against her, a big grin on his face.

I winked at him as he thrust against her asshole. She groaned into my pussy as he pushed on her backdoor. She squirmed there, her face rubbing into my snatch as his cock sank into her bowels. He buggered her, a big grin on his face.

Master Hayward, I purred. Enjoy your wife's tight asshole.

Oh, I plan to, Ms. Docea, he said and winked at me.

I quivered with delight, wanting him to be taken care of. I was glad that Bella's asshole was doing it. Her tongue fluttered up and down my slit. She gathered up his spunk leaking out of me as he gripped her hips and bottomed out in her asshole. 

She thrust her tongue into my cunt. I gasped as she swirled it around in my snatch, mixing my cunt cream with his jizz. She scooped the fluids out of me. I groaned as her tongue stroked along the top of my pussy sheath. It was a delight to have her feasting on me.

Damn, groaned Master Hayward as he pumped away at her bowels. He reveled in this new hedonistic world his power had given him.

It was in him. I could sense it. This golden light shone invisibly from him. It bathed us all, though. Changed us all. How fascinating. I closed my eyes and could almost feel it washing over me. Seizing me. Dominating my soul.

He was an amazing man.

Bella licked at my pussy with more and more hunger as he fucked her asshole. I opened my eyes to watch him bugger her. He drove his cock to the hilt in her bowels again and again. Her tight rump jiggled from the impact. She gasped and shuddered, her tongue cleaning me out.

She plunged into my twat again and again to find the cum that he had unleashed in me. I loved the way that he buried into me like that. He plunged deep and hard into her asshole. His face twisted with pleasure. Master enjoyed buggering Bella.

Good.

Mmm, fuck her tight asshole, Master Hayward, I cooed, gripping a fistful of her hair. I loved the feel of her tresses between my fingers. Just keep buggering her hard.

Plan to, he groaned as he fucked her hard and fast. Oh, I plan to. Damn, she's got herself a tight asshole. Just perfect for fucking.

Thank you, Master, she moaned, her delight obvious. She was savoring this. Enjoying herself immensely. Oh, thank you, Master-Husband! Ooh, your big dick feels amazing in my asshole!

That's right, girls. Anal with the right man is exquisite, I groaned, my big boobs jiggling. If you're relaxed and he's lubed, you can have a fantastic time. I have had orgasms just as intense as being fucked in the cunt.

Wow, girls whispered as they kept watching. It was the naughtiest history lesson I had ever taught. It was good for the younger generation to know that our ancestors were just as kinky.

Women were getting fucked in the ass in Pompeii. They sucked cock, licked jizz out of pussies, and even were stuffed with so many dicks they became airtight. Bondage. Spanking. Dildos. One of the oldest tools of mankindor womankindthe dildo.

Stone dildos were found in caves from the Ice Age. Thirteen, fourteen, or even fifty thousand years old. Sex was nothing new. Kinky sex was explored by our ancestors. So I was more than happy to educate these boys and girls in sexual techniques.

Oh, yes, yes, I gasped. Oh, that's so good, Bella. You're doing such a good job of licking all that cream out of me. Just an amazing job. I love it!

The girl smiled at me and winked as she licked at me. It was an amazing delight to have her lapping at me with such hunger. She thrust her tongue into my pussy, swirling around as she quested for more of his cum.

I must be running dry by now. But cum was a renewable resource. Master Hayward had more brewing in his nuts.

I quivered in delight as my orgasm built. This sweet girl was driving me wild. I shuddered. I hadn't had a girl go down on me in a decade. Not since I was twenty or twenty-one. Back in college. Getting wild. I trembled as that hot tongue flicked up to my clit.

Sparks burst from the tip. I gasped, my back arching. I groaned, loving the way she bathed my bud with her tongue. She drove me wild. I gasped out my delight as I hurtled towards my orgasm. I would have a big climax.

Oh, Bella, you'll drown in my pussy cream! I moaned.

Yes! Master Hayward growled, burying his dick into her pussy. Cum on her face, Ms. Docea!

Yes, Master!

Yummy! Bella moaned and suckled hard on my clit.

I gasped as she did that. My entire body bucked. The pleasure swelled in me. She nibbled on my bud with her soft lips. Master slammed his cock into her asshole. She squealed around my pearl. Her body trembled with her orgasm. 

Joy crossed Master's face as he drew back his cock. She suckled at him with her asshole. I gasped, my orgasm bursting inside of me, too. I bucked as my pussy cream gushed out of my snatch and bathed Bella's face.

I drowned her in my pussy. I loved this wondrous moment. I bucked as I gushed all over her mouth. She drank down my cream. She licked it up as I quivered through all this pleasure. It was an amazing moment.

Oh, yes, yes, yes, that's amazing, I gasped. Fuck, I love that. I love that so much! You're amazing! Bella!

Fuck, yes, she is! growled Master. I love her! Love my Maid-Wife!

He buried into her and threw back his head, grunting.

As I drowned Bella with the pussy cream gushing out of my spasming cunt, he flooded her bowels with his cum. He unloaded in her. The desk creaked beneath me as I trembled through my rapture. My big boobs bounced and heaved.

They smacked together. I loved the way they rippled from the impact. He grunted as he pumped her asshole full of his cum. Bella moaned, rubbing her face back and forth into my shaved cunt. It was so hot to cum with my Master and his maid.

Oh, yes, yes, I gasped, my body quivering. My orgasm swelled in bliss in me. I felt so full of euphoria. I had as much ecstasy as I could handle. It bled out of me. Oh, that was incredible.

Fuck, yes, it was, groaned Master Hayward. Damn, Bella, that ass.

He pulled his cock out of her. My eyes locked on my master's dick. I licked my lips. Girls, I purred, after your man has fucked your or another girl in the ass, then it's time for you to clean him up. That's right, I'm talking ass to mouth.

The guys groaned in delight. The girls' jaws dropped. 

Now, now, I said, sliding off the desk and moving around the panting Bella. It's something that he'll really enjoy. And you do have to clean off his dick. I mean, that's a dirty place. So just drop to your knees, open your mouth wide, and do this.

I dropped to my knees, opened my mouth wide, and swallowed my Master's sour-flavored cock. 

I reveled in how good he tasted. I loved the flavor of Bella's ass on his dick. That dirty musk suffused my taste buds. The girls were watching with such wide eyes now. Bella hummed as she sank onto the desk behind me, making sure I pleased her husband.

I put my all into buffing his dick clean of her asshole. I nursed hard on him as my tongue swirled around his shaft. He groaned, his hand sliding through my fiery hair. He gripped a handful of my tresses the way a man should. He took charge of me.

It was amazing. Passionate. I was in heaven right now.

Damn, Ms. Docea, growled Master Hayward. You're being an amazing example for all the girls in here.

Yes, she is, Bella cooed. Her foot stroked up and down my back. She giggled. Mmm, polish my husband's dick clean like a good maid. 

I was the best maid. I suckled hard, staring up at my Master. He was my student and my owner. I was so proud to be his. I quivered here, my pussy burning with juices dripping down my thighs. I wiggled my hips back and forth, loving this moment so much.

I swirled my tongue around his dirty dick. I polished off that wonderful flavor of Bella's bowels as her toes slid up and down my spine. Shivers ran through me at her naughty contact. She was such a delightful maid. Just so wonderful.

I blew him with hunger. I worked my mouth up and down his cock with such passion. I wanted him to spurt. To flood my mouth with his seed. I craved it so much. It would be a joy to savor all his creamy seed pouring down my throat.

Fuck, Ms. Docea, he groaned.

Mmm, pleasure my Master Husband, cooed Bella, her toe sliding up me.

I shuddered and nursed hard.

I buffed off the sour flavor of her asshole. I loved his dick with everything that I had. I was so thrilled to pleasure him like this. So hungry to make him cum. It would be a spectacular moment when his cum pumped into my mouth.

Damn, he groaned. Damn, that's good. Yes, yes, just keep sucking like that, Ms. Docea. You're going to get a mouthful.

Yes, she is, cooed Bella.

The girls quivered as I suckled on his cock. The sour flavor of her asshole faded, replaced by the salty preview of his precum. My tongue swirled around the crown of his dick. He groaned, his hand gripping my hair.

I knew he was close. That excited me so much. I bobbed my head, working my mouth up and down his cock. I wanted his cum to spurt out of him. I craved to have all that jizz pump into my mouth. It would be magnificent to have that jizz spurting over and over into my mouth.

I knew he was close.

Yes! he groaned and exploded in my mouth. 

Spurt after spurt of his wonderful cum flooded out of his dick. I groaned at drinking his salty spunk straight from the spigot. I closed my eyes, gulping down mouthful after mouthful of his seed. His dick pulsed between my lips as he erupted again and again.

Shit, shit, shit! he grunted. Oh, damn, Ms. Docea!

Swallow that cum, maid, purred his wife, her toe sliding up and down my back. Just like that!

It was such a wondrous moment. My pussy burned with my passion. I nursed on him with hunger. I suckled on him with all the passion that I had. My cheeks hollowed as I suckled with such passion on him. He groaned as he emptied his spunk into my mouth.

I swallowed every drop of his jizz. I felt so good. Just so amazing right now I was his Teacher-Maid. I would understand this power of his. This golden domination radiated from him. My body quivered, my big boobs swaying as he dumped the last of his jizz into my mouth.

Yes, he groaned. Damn, Ms. Docea!

The class erupted in applause. I shuddered and slid my mouth off his cock. I rose, wiping at the drool spilling down my chin. I glanced at the clock. Almost the entire hour was used up with this lesson. I smiled, so glad to teach it.

There will be no homework tonight, I said. But if you're interested, you should look into the history of sex and find out just kinky things were. We'll finish our discussion on Ancient Greece tomorrow. Unless I have to service my Master, of course.

The girls giggled and the guys elbowed each other.

Okay, see you tomorrow, I said.

Master Hayward dressed while Bella gathered his belongings. He winked at me, sending a shiver through me, then with Bella on his arm, he vanished out of my classroom. I shuddered. I gathered my discarded clothes and shoved them into my purse before heading to the teacher's lounge.

I had my break period.

I strode naked through the halls, passing the students. I didn't care who saw me. No one really thought it was strange. That power from Master Hayward also radiated out of the garter. But it felt slightly different. Airy, maybe? The color of my garter seemed to have... modified it.

Interesting.

I reached the teacher's lounge and dropped my purse on the coffee table. I sank onto the couch. A moment later, Mrs. Johnson entered. She gasped at the sight of my naked form, her eyes flicking to my garter.

You're one of Lance's maids? she gasped. Oh, I'm so envious. It must be incredible being one of his maids. Bella looked so happy serving him.

I studied the woman. She had black hair that fell around her face. A woman who enjoyed educating. Who loved knowledge. Now here was a good candidate to be a maid. You would like to be one of his?

Oh, yes, she said. What woman wouldn't?

I smiled. True.

I just can't believe what's... the words trailed off. Principal White had entered the room and stopped. The Black woman who ran the school blinked at the sight of me. Her eyes widened as she flicked me up and down, her cell phone held to her ear. She lowered it. Lynette, you're a maid.

I know, said Mrs. Johnson. It's so unfair. I wished Lance had chosen me.

I studied Principal White. Another woman who would make a fantastic maid. Smart women both. I nodded as I reveled in just how wonderful it was to serve him. I leaned back in the chair, closed my eyes, and pondered things. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

Master Hayward, Ms. Docea said when she hurried out of the school with her purse slung over her shoulder, naked and eager. Her light-blue garter glowed in the afternoon sunlight. 

Ms. Docea, I said, Bella clinging to me. I liked the feel of her there.

Master Big Brother! squealed Kylie. My little sister burst out of the school, skipping in her adorable maid's uniform. She had such glee in her eyes, her black pigtails streaming behind her. Master Big Brother! Ooh, ooh, I found another virgin. Ashley! She would make such a yummy maid.

A virgin? asked Ms. Docea. Someone inexperienced.

Not sure she's good wife material, Bella said.

She's perfect, Kylie insisted.

It seemed they each had their own ideas about the other maids that could serve me. I knew there would be lesser maids. There were plenty of rooms for them back in the manor. But, for now, I wasn't interested in recruiting more. I still had one more to go. I held the cedar box with the red garter in it.

Well, I said, let's get going. Ms. Docea, I want you to drive home, gather whatever personal effects you want to bring with you, then come out to my manor. Make sure you arrive before the sun sets.

Yes, Master, she breathed and scurried off.

I escorted my sister and wife to the car. Bella took shotgun despite Kylie calling it first. I'm his Maid-Wife, she said. It's my job to watch out for him. I can't do that in the back seat. Sorry.

Pouting, Kylie slipped into the back. 

I drove to Bella's house so she could gather any personal items she wanted. Kylie waited in the car as we headed up to the front door. Bella looked around quite a bit. I could almost imagine her raising her wrist to her lips and speaking into a cuff mic while listening to radio chatter with an earpiece. Secret Service Maid or something.

Mrs. Miles was all smiles and was so thrilled when she saw Bella. I knew you two would be good together, she said, hugging me. Oh, I hope you two will be happier than...

I nodded. Her divorce had been messy. Ever since, it was a topic I tiptoed around. I am happy with your daughter. We just need to collect some of her stuff. She's moving in with me.

Of course she is, Mrs. Miles breathed, beaming.

Bella and I headed upstairs to her room. 

She packed up some books and wanted to bring her computer. She liked to play video games, part of the PC Master Race. I was a console peasant. She packed a snow globe her father had given her. 

As we were carrying out her stuff, she said, I think my mom is great wife material. My dad just didn't get it.

Sorry, I said. Did Bella want to make her mother into one of my maids?

Bella shrugged. I know you won't ever dump me.

I love you, I told her. She lit up.

Kylie was stretched out in the backseat but popped alert when we returned. We shoved the boxes in the trunk and headed to Hayward Manor. Bella put on some music from her phone, one of her curated Spotify playlists. She liked video game music.

The Blake Robinson Symphony? I asked, listening to the Chrono Trigger music.

Love them, she said. Robo's Theme is kickass!

Sounds like that Rick-Roll song, Kylie said from the back seat.

In an hour, we were at the manor, driving past the gates. Bella's eyes widened at the size of it. I glanced at the sun. Still a few hours away. I hoped Ms. Docea made it before the sun set. She should be. I didn't want to think about what might prowl the halls of this place.

At least I had more maids if something went wrong.

I pulled the car up to the front of the mansion. Cali was waiting there, her purple eyes fixed on us. She had such a wonderful smile on her face as she descended the stairs to greet us. I climbed out, leaving the car running. 

I see you have been recruiting, purred Cali, such a pleased look on her face as she sauntered with her inhuman grace around the car. 

I have, I said. 

You have a guest. Your Aunt Nancy is visiting. 

At those words, my cock lurched and I knew who would get the final garter. 

To be continued...
