Little Girl Hostage
By Perry Jones



	

	Chapter Thirteen

	"Go! Go, damn you, you want to die out here? We've got to take them out now!!" They all could hear Nick raging and screaming at his men as they began to run towards the house. Heather could hear herself scream as she watched the men run into the yard area, their forms blurred by the swirling, gusting wind and sand.

	"Kill them!! Kill every last one of them and then we can get our asses out of this mess," the darkly handsome man shouted. The little girl could see him stop as he turned to urge his men on.

	"Get back, honey," Robert shouted to her over the roar of the storm. Heather shivered and crouched down but she refused to leave the broken window, refused to back away and miss the finish. Robert yelled something else but the boom of Mike's shotgun muffled it. The excited little girl stared with total fascination as the squat little man named Guido jerked to a halt when the shotgun blast hit him, he seemed to hang suspended for a split second then was blown backward as the charge of pellets tore at his chest!

	"Ohhh, my god, my god!!" Mary's scream of terror hurt Heather's ear, the shaken little girl turned her head and watched as her lovely aunt slumped to the floor. For a moment Heather thought that Mary had been hit by a flying slug but a quick check didn't disclose any wounds and the little girl realized that her aunt had fainted.

	The hollow boom of the shotgun was coming regularly now and between the booms there was the sharper crack of Robert's rifle. Outside, mingled with the howl of the wind they all could hear the returning fire and Nick's hoarse voice as he tried to rally his men.

	"You gutless bastards!! Don't you see what's happening? Someone's going to come around here sooner or later, besides we're out of water! We can't stay out here forever!!"

	They could see the handsome gangster as he jumped to his feet, his dark hair was blowing around his bewhiskered face, his soiled business suit flapped and fluttered around his muscular body. "Get up and charge them, Tommy, you asshole!! You let them get away, now you lead the rest of these chicken bastards!!!"

	The slender blond man slowly got to his feet, Robert snapped a shot at him but he didn't seem to notice. Tommy was shouting something at Nick but the gusting wind ripped the words away and all that the watchers in the house knew was that he was shaking his head and turning away. Nick shouted then pointed his pistol at the man's back.

	The wind chose that moment to die down for a minute and they all heard the sharp, snapping report of the handgun and gasped when they saw the blond man fall forward, as if he'd been kicked in the back.

	"Now, get up because if they don't kill you I will!!" Nick's face was a mask of rage and anger, the men that crouched around him jumped to their feet and began to stumble up the road to the yard.

	"Got to stop them this time," Mike shouted as he fired both barrels of the shotgun at one time. "We're almost out of ammunition! We've got to hurt them so bad that they can't come back again!!"

	Robert didn't answer but the steady crack of his rifle answered for him. "Help me, help me baby," Bobbie called. The redhead had to shout again before Heather realized that she was talking to her and turned her head to see what she wanted.

	Bobbie had the last box of shells open and was loading the extra rifle, she held it out to the little girl and Heather finally understood what she wanted. Crouching low the blond child scampered across the room and took the rifle then ran over to the far window and handed it to Mike. The lean desert man took the rifle and paused long enough to give her a flashing grin before he turned his attention back to the yard and sent a well placed hail of fire through the window.

	She was fascinated, terrified but still fascinated, Heather watched as two of the remaining men dropped their guns and fell to the earth. The little girl wasn't certain that they were dead but she was sure that they were out of the fight!

	"All right you men, stop where you are and lay down your guns!!" For a stunned moment Heather almost believed that the deep, commanding voice that seemed to fill the air around them was god's! "This is the State Police! Stop the shooting or we'll open fire on you from the rear!!"

	The wind continued to howl and blow sheets of sand across the packed earth of the yard but from time to time the air would clear and they all could see a group of uniformed men kneeling at the ridge, they all held guns and they were pointed at Nick and the gang.

	Time seemed to stop, for a long moment no one moved then the last three of Nick's gang dropped their guns as they were told and slowly put their hands over their heads.

	Heather was so excited that she didn't notice that Nick hadn't put his gun down, no one seemed to notice until he suddenly turned on his heel and began to run directly at the house. "Damn you two bitches! I'll kill you! No matter what happens I'll kill you for this!!"

	The raging sound of Nick's voice jerked Robert and Mike into action, at the same time, they leveled their rifles and fired! Nick's powerful legs still tried to drive him forward but he was already dead!! The powerful man staggered ahead a few more steps, like a riderless motorcycle then toppled over on his side and didn't make another move.

	"It's over," Heather whispered to her aunt as she helped the confused woman to sit up. "I never thought that we'd get away but it's over Aunt Mary! They can't hurt us anymore!!"

	The terrible storm had blown itself out and now the air of the high desert seemed to sparkle in the sunlight. Heather sat curled up on the chair and looked out into the yard through the repaired front window. It had only been three days since it had finished but it felt longer, it almost seemed impossible that men had been shot out there, that they had died out there as well.

	The jeep came bouncing down the drive and into the yard and Mike waved at Heather as he got out and came striding towards the front door.

	"How's my baby?" Mike laughed as he lifted Heather out of her chair and hugged her close. The little girl's feet dangled a foot above the floor and a little flutter of wild excitement began to dance in her tummy when she realized that she could feel the man's big organ stir and grow hard against her. "I've just been to town and everything's under control, the rest of the gang are on their way to the city and with the charges they have on them it'll be years before they get out!"

	Mike's expression changed and he hesitated before he went on. "Of course you and your aunt will have to testify against them but that won't be for months yet. How ... how would you like to stay here with us until then? ... Maybe ... even longer?"

	He didn't give the little girl a chance to answer. Mike's fingers slipped up under her short skirt and under the tight elastic leg band of her panties. Heather sighed and wiggled when she felt the calloused fingers work their way between her trembling buttocks and dip into her flesh little pussy from the rear.

	"We could have fun if you stayed, a lot of fun, baby," the man murmured softly. Heather sighed happily and wiggled her slim little body against him as she dangled in his arms.

	"Put her down!! I'll ... I'll never forgive you for what you and Robert have done to her, Mike! Put Heather down!!" The startled man did as he was told and once she hit the floor Heather whirled to face her aunt.

	Mary looked tired and drawn, there were dark circles under her eyes and she looked as if she was ready to break down!! "Go to my room, Heather," the lovely brunette said. "I want you to stay away from him until we're packed and able to get away from this terrible place!"

	One look at Mary's strained expression told Heather that it was no use for her to argue, the pretty little girl scurried out of the room and down the hallway. Without a word Mary turned away from Mike and followed.

	"I'm ashamed, Heather," Mary said as she closed the door behind her. "I know that I'm at fault for everything that has happened to you but I'll try and make up to you. You'll ... forget about all this after a time."

	Heather had been sitting on the edge of her aunt's bed when something inside of her exploded and she jumped to her feet. The little girl felt scared and shakey but she had to say what was on her mind!

	"I don't want to forget it!!" Mary's face whitened and she took a short step backward. "I like the things that happened to me!! Most of them anyway," Heather whispered as she advanced on her startled aunt.

	"You had fun! I watched and I heard you, why can't I do those things too? I like Uncle Mike and Uncle Robert! I want to stay here with them!"

	"But ... you're just a little girl," Mary stammered. "I can't let you ... well, I can't let them turn you into a ... a ... "

	The brunette stopped in confusion when Heather began to laugh at her. The pretty little girl darted across the last few feet that separated them and hugged her aunt tight.

	Heather loved the feel of her aunt's lushly curved body, she was so much shorter that her face was pressed in against the warm mound of her breasts and the little blond could feel her womanly belly begin to shake as she pressed up against it.

	"No one makes me do anything that I don't want to do," Heather whispered, she began to press kisses against her aunt's firm, blouse covered melons as she went on. "I like it all! Especially when you and I learned all those wonderful things with Bobbie." Mary's knees were shaking as she feebly tried to push Heather away from her. "You like it too. I could tell that you did. Why can't we stay here and do it all the time?" Mary moaned softly and tried to shake her head but the trembling woman didn't resist when Heather took her hand and led her over to the bed and helped her sit.

	"We could all be together, you and I and Mike and Robert. And when they're away working, you and I could ... take care of each other." Boldly the little girl caught one of her aunt's hands and pressed it up under her skirt, forcing the palm to press hard against the plump outline of her baby pussy. "You want to do it with me, don't you Aunt Mary? You like me before, don't you like me now?"

	A long, shuddering groan oozed out of Mary's softening lips and the beautiful woman pulled the child up against her and tore the front of her blouse open. Without a word Heather slipped to her knees and began to suck at each swollen nipple in turn.

	The sun was setting behind the mountains to the west when Heather finally stepped out of the bedroom and padded down the hall to the living room. All the lovely little girl wore was a long man's shirt and as she walked the shirt would flap and offer tantalizing glimpses of her naked body to the men who sat staring at her.

	Pausing in the archway Heather smiled shyly at Mike and Robert then spoke. "We've decided to stay! If your invitation is still good?" Wordlessly Mike nodded his head, Robert answered with a nod as well.

	A silvery giggle escaped the little girl's throat as she crossed over to Mike. "Uncle Robert, you'd better go in there and take care of my aunt, she's pretty excited and I think she needs more than I can give."

	They were alone again. Mike sat back in his chair and watched impassively as the pretty little girl slipped out of her shirt and then bent to undo his fly. "Hummmmm, baby," the lean desert man sighed when his jeans were pulled to his knees and the lovely blond child lay down across his thighs and began to daintily nibble at his thick, up thrust cock.

	"Baby, we're going to have so much fun that you'll never want to leave!!" Heather knew that he was right but she was so busy, licking and sucking on the fat knob of his cock and teasing and tickling his fat balls with her finger tips that she couldn't be bothered with talk!

	THE END

	
