Growing Up Fast
by Isabella

Part 2

We got off the bus at our usual stop, as we walked along, Dawn asked me if I minded her playing with other men's cocks,

"Why should I mind?"

"Well, we are boyfriend and girlfriend now…some boys get very possessive about their girlfriends and what they get up too!"

That got me thinking, I guess that at least for the time being...we were actually boyfriend and girlfriend.

When we reached the bridge over the stream, Dawn looked in the direction of the bolter farmhouse, her foot was already on the bottom bar of the fence, ready to climb over, she stopped and looked at me disappointedly, "Barry Bolter's watching again today...l don't think you're quite ready to turn your back for Barry yet...mind you, I'd like to see that one day...see you dancing on Barry's big cock. We'll have to find somewhere else to play!"

"How do you know Barry has a big cock?"

"Same way that I knew that Paul has a big cock, I've been watching them perform for years at the full moon and new moon parties when it's my parents' turn to hosts them...don't you see things going on when it's your parents turn to act as hosts?" Then there was a pause, "Ahhh, your parents use the red roofed barn...don't they?"

I shrugged my shoulders, "I've never heard of a full moon or new moon party!"

We started walking towards the church again, like yesterday, but we were stopped short this time as a man's voice rang out from behind the church, "Atlas, you bugger, get off home!"

We both stopped as a dog yelped and then barked. Dawn scanned her eyes across the houses along Church Road, up as far as the bridge over the stream before snapping back to number seventeen...Simon Clark will be at work until at least six-thirty, we can use his potting shed...he won't mind, even if he catches us at it in there."

As we crossed the road again, I said, "I'll bet his shed is locked."

Dawn giggled, "I won't take that bet, his potting shed doesn't even have a lock!"

Dawn knocked the front door of number seventeen, then she lifted the letterbox flap and shouted through it, "Mr Clark...are you home?"

I said, "What will you say if he opens the door?"

"I'd say, hi Simon, can we borrow your spare bedroom for an hour? He'd let us use it but I'm sure that he'd want to watch us at least...perhaps even want to join in!"

We walked to the side gate, I was just about to say that I bet that it was locked when Dawn pushed it open, it wasn't even latched closed.

As I stepped through the gate after Dawn, the loud male voice from the church yard sounded out again, "Atlas...I'm going to tell Paul to cut your balls off if you don't stop digging there!"

Dawn said, "Oh, I asked my mother about Atlas...he was owned by Anna Cooper from Mill farm at the bottom of the valley, Anna got cancer and died and Paul Cooper doesn't know how to 'Look after him!' so Atlas keeps trying to dig Anna up whenever he's horney."

We were at the door to Simon's shed, Dawn was right, there was no lock...no handle either, just a small hole in the door to put a finger through it to pull it closed.

Dawn called it a potting shed but all that was in it was a ratty old shed with an even ratty old three seat sofa at the back. Dawn reached up to her tie and stopped, "Would you like to undress me?"

I unpacked my best ever 'Stupid boy grin,' and nodded my head. I pulled the knot open on her tie, she stopped me and told me to take her blazer off first…

Well I couldn't have been expected to know that she wanted me to take her blazer off, before, she'd used her blazer to trap the sides of her blouse, holding it open. I pulled her blazer off and draped it neatly over the frayed arm of the sofa, when I turned back to face Dawn, she was holding her hands up, "Unfasten my cuffs next, there's nothing sexy at all about trying to remove a girl's blouse and finding out that her cuffs are too tight to pass over her hands with the cuffs still fastened!"

"But your cuffs are loose enough!"

"I know that...but I'm teaching you how to undress a girl in general, not just me...it's things like that, and taking your socks off, before removing your trousers...It's just a kind of convention!"

I unbuttoned the front of her blouse and pulled it open before launching in and kissing the exposed portion of both breasts above their bra cups.

"That feels nice but don't be overly eager, take my blouse all the way off."

I folded her blouse over her blazer and she turned her back to me, "This bra opens at the back."

It took me a second or two to wrestle the catch open and when I did, her bra sprang away from me, catapulting her bra onto the seat of the sofa...Dawn remained facing away from me so I kissed the back of her neck and reached around her body to fondle and grope her breasts.

"Again...lovely darling but I'm still not undressed!"

I thought, 'Undressed enough for me darling!'

"The zip and catch of my skirt are at the back as well!"

I unfastened her skirt and it sailed down to the floor, she stepped out of her skirt and turned to face me, just as I bent over to pick her skirt up off the floor of the shed.

Atlas barked again...his bark was much closer now, a bark and the sound of scratching on wood from somewhere behind the sofa.

Dawn turned to face me, "Do I look beautiful?"

I nodded my head.

"Well then...bloody well tell me!"

"Dawn my darling...you look beautiful...very beautiful!"

I saw that twinkle in her eye again as she stepped away from me and sat on the front edge of the seat of the old sofa, she lifted her feet off of the floor and pulled her heels close to her buttocks, parting her knees as wide as she could.

"Fucking beautiful!"

Dawn giggled and Atlas barked again and the intensity of the scratching sound got louder.

Dawn called out, "Atlas...you stupid dog, you're in the garden of number nineteen, we're in number seventeen!"

Atlas barked again but the scratching stopped.

Dawn told me to undress myself...quickly...as she started to rub her sensitive spot while I watched, she gave herself a little orgasm as I finished stripping for her.

"You look beautiful too, Robin. Now kneel down in front of me while I teach you how to give a girl oral sex!"

Dawn pulled the tight band of skin that she called her hood upwards exposing what looked like a tiny cockhead that had been trapped under her hood, the little cock head was what had felt to me like a grain of rice yesterday or a small nub of gristle under the skin…"Now that I've exposed my clitoris, you have to be a little more gentle with it!"

Dawn encouraged me to lick the tip of my tongue over her clit gently, pushing her instantly into such a massive orgasm that her body was bouncing away from my mouth but I was on the ball, I chased it and kept up the pressure building her organs to a higher point.

There was another bark from Atlas, the sound of a gate banging open and while I was still driving Dawn mad with my tongue, the shed door burst open and Atlas raced in...Atlas jumped on my back and started humping at me while he fought to lick Dawn's pussy over my shoulder. His attack on me caused my upper teeth to graze across her clitoris and she screamed in a mixture of pleasure and pain.

Both Dawn and I jumped, I jumped because I was trying to throw Atlas off of my back, Dawn jumped because my teeth bashed into her exposed clitoris...Dawn was totally successful…me, not so much, Atlas was such a big and powerful dog that he was able to hold me in place with his hang claws digging into my ribs as he was stabbing his pointy cock under my balls.

Dawn was pushing down on the back of my neck, "Don't be mean, Atlas' girlfriend died three months ago and poor old Atlas hasn't had sex since.

"Well, he can forget me as a substitute for his girlfriend!"

Dawn stroked the hair on the back of my head as she said, "I'll get him off...you just let him think he's fucking you!"

So, there I was, on my hands and knees with a massive dog humping his cock against my 'Nut-sack' while he clawed my ribs to shreds with his hang claws and Dawn was reaching under his belly with her left hand, rubbing what felt like a foot long sausage.

As Dawn rubbed the dog off, she was also moving the pointy end of his cock up from the bottom of my balls, up to the totally wrong place for a cock to go, "When I'm ready for him to cum, all I need to do is softly grip his knot with my right hand while I rub his cock with my left."

I felt Dawn shift a little and suddenly, the point on the end of his cock pressed against my bottom hole, Atlas humped forwards as he shot off and some of his spunk went up my bum, the rest hosed my backside and balls down.

I shrieked and jumped away from the dog, scoring two long scratches down my ribs, one on each side of my body. Dawn laughed so hard that she couldn't speak, she just rolled to her side and searched in her blazer pocket for her usual packet of travel tissues and as she moved in her seat she gave a little squeal of surprise or pain.

Dawn almost threw the tissues at me, "Sort yourself out, I have a bigger problem!"

I thought, 'Not as big a problem as a dog's cock up your bum hole!' But didn't say anything.

Dawn had pulled her heels back against her bum and parted her knees again, leaning forward to see between her legs, "You've broken me...I told you to be careful, look, my clitoris is too big to fit under its hood now...that'll be hell until it shrinks back down again!"

Being a boy and not really understanding the mechanics of a girl's clitoris, I assumed that it would be like my cock...just because it looked like a little cock. So, I went to work on it again with my tongue, I pulled her hood back out of the way again and flicked the tip of my tongue back and forth over her engorged clit.

The bugger actually grew even more as Dawn almost passed out with the pleasure I was giving her. In fact, it grew so big that I could catch it between my lips and suck the tiny nub into my mouth...that was the point that Dawn stopped bouncing about on the seat of the sofa and slept for five minutes.

I got a very sleepy, "I've got a fucking headache!" from Dawn as she came around again. I was still holding her hood away from her clitoris as she came back into the room, still staring in amazement at the size of her clit.

"I'm sorry that you have a bad head, do you want to stop playing now?"

Dawn furrowed her brow, "Did you cum yet?"

I grinned at her and shook my head.

"Would you like me to suck you off?"

I nodded my head with that stupid grin on my face again.

"Swap places with me."

As Dawn rolled off of the sofa's cushion, she groaned in pain, "I should have let Atlas' cock go further up your bum to pay you back for breaking my clitoris…"

I sat in Dawns vacated seat, she pulled my legs over her shoulders and started sucking my cock and as she gave me pleasure with her mouth, she gave me pain with her finger, massaging Atlas' spunk up into my bum hole and pushing her index finger as far up my bum as she could get it.

I soon got over the pain of her finger in such an awkward place and suddenly, the pleasure of her mouth was intensified, I had to react quickly to pat the back of her head to warn her of my impending climax in her mouth. Dawn kept on sucking my cock and fingering my bum until I fired off in her mouth.

"You still taste of cinnamon!"

"I ate two cinnamon rolls after dinner last night."

"They make your spunk taste sweet!"

"I'll try to eat at least one a day for the rest of my life then...just so you want to keep sucking my cock!"

I helped dawn to get dressed while I remained naked, I only started to dress myself once I'd fastened her school tie, I was quite proud of my knot tying, I had perfected the Double Windsor knot while everyone at school, including Dawn, used the simple overhand knot.

Atlas followed us all the way to the track leading to our farms, he stopped as soon as he reached the first post marked by Dawn's father's sheepdogs, Atlas knew better than to encroach on their territory.

We parted at the fork in the track to go our separate ways as we were even later home than we'd been yesterday.

I walked into the kitchen, something was out of place, it took me a while but it suddenly came to me in a flash of inspiration, my mother wasn't dressed right, she should have been wearing jeans and a t-shirt with the outline of her massive bra holding her tits in place but not this afternoon, she was wearing her dressing gown like she had been when I left for school this morning but without her nighty or bra under it.

"Your father wants a word with you!"

I looked out of the back door, "Is he in the potato field or the carrots?"

"He's been harvesting early potatoes all day."

"I'd better change out of my school uniform if I'm going over to the potato field, it'll be very dirty over there."

My mother looked a little uncomfortable as I ran past her and up the stairs, a man's voice came out of my parent's bedroom, "Are you ready for round two darling...I've grown a new..."

A stranger walked out of the bedroom, he was totally naked and rubbing a massive erection in his hand, when he saw that it wasn't my mother rushing up the stairs back to him, he stepped back into the room and closed the door.

'Well, that is a surprise!' flashed through my mind and then I opened my bedroom door and...'Well, that's another surprise!' My three foot wide bed with its Manchester United duvet cover and matching pillow cases seemed to have morphed into a five foot wide bed with a light blue bottom sheet and dark blue duvet cover...I stood there stripping out of my school uniform with my mouth open. I was down to my underpants when I realised the horrible truth...my bed had been stolen by a Manchester City fan and had been replaced by a Manchester City bed..."Mum...what's happened to...my...bed?"

Mum's hands were on my shoulders, she'd come into my bedroom while I was lost in panic mode...I felt her breast press her dressing gown into my naked back, "Mum, someone has stolen my bed...and just look at the colour, that's Man-city colours!"

"Blue is a soothing colour for a bedroom and tomorrow night...you'll be sharing your bed with Dawn...I'm sure that she doesn't want to sleep in a bright red bed all night!"

I looked over my shoulder, a million questions in my head, I watched my mother dip her hand in her dressing gown pocket, "...and while I was in town organising your bed and everything...I picked this up for you to give to dawn as a present, it isn't 'Passion Pink', they don't do that exact shade in this quality of lipstick, it is 'Paradise Pink' but I don't think that Dawn will mind the difference in shade from her usual choice!"

"Erm...thanks mum...did you know that there's a strange man, a very naked man, in your bedroom?"

"That's Peter, he came up from London for the full moon party at the dairy...tonight is actually the night of the full moon but the party isn't until tomorrow night so he's stopping over with us until tomorrow. Now, before you go to see your father...clear half of the junk off of the top of your dressing table, empty your top drawer totally and clear a little space in your wardrobe!"

"Why?"

"Dawn will need a little space to put her stuff when she comes over tomorrow night!"

I rather stupidly almost said that she wouldn't need any space...she'd only be stopping over the one night but then I realised that this may not be a one and only sleepover, after all...between full moon and new moon parties, our parents went a party every fourteen days, that's twenty-six times a year...perhaps giving Dawn a little space in my bedroom was a good idea after all!

Mum bent over in front of me to pick up my shirt, she looked at the collar while she was still bent over, then she looked at my underpants..."Your shirt won't last another day and I'll need to wash your underpants as well...oh...and you seem to be wearing them inside out!"

I didn't flinch, I just pulled my underpants down even though I'd grown an erection the moment she bent over in front of me because it looked like her tits were about to fall out of the front of her dressing gown. I stepped out of my pants and she turned them the right way around, she looked around the little hole where my cock escapes when I need to pee and turned them so that I could see the perfectly round ring of 'Passion Pink' lipstick that Dawn had left on my cock earlier and that had transferred from my cock and onto the front of my, inside out, underpants.

"Looks like you and Dawn had a little fun on your way home from school again!"

I just smiled and nodded my head and gave my mum a stupid grin.

Mum took my socks as well as my other dirty clothes and headed for my bedroom door, leaving me standing there with my rock hard cock standing to attention..."Try not to mess the bed up too much while you're getting rid of that!" Mum was pointing at my cock as she closed my door.

I looked down at my cock again, yet another erection to beat down, then I heard a whispered, "No...not until after my son goes out to see his father in the potato field." Then there was the sound of my mother struggling followed by a giggle.

I looked back at my cock again and thought, 'Well, this can wait until later!' I dressed in my casual clothes as quickly as I could and left my bedroom, I found my dirty clothes spread out all over the landing floor at the top of the stairs, I went to my parent's bedroom door and pressed my ear to the door, mum was giggling and breathing heavily, I could hear the sounds of flesh slapping against flesh and mum was whispering to Peter to slow down or I'd hear them but he was taking no notice of her.

I collected all of my clothes off of the floor and dropped them in front of the washing machine before I ran over to the potato field to see what my father wanted. He took one look at me and said, "Oh...you got changed, I was hoping that you would come straight over to help me before you got changed!"

"I'm sorry...mum did try to stop me going up to my bedroom but I was worried about getting my school uniform dirty out in the field!"

My dad looked a little worried before he said, "And?"

"And what?"

"Anything unusual?"

I shook my head, "Nothing in particular, why?"

"Oh, nothing, I just thought that you might have seen or heard something out of the ordinary, that's all!"

I knew that he was fishing to see if I mentioned Peter being in his bedroom with my mother, "No, nothing to worry about dad."

He looked a little frustrated now, "The thing is...we have a friend stopping over tonight...his name is Peter and he will be coming to the full moon party with us tomorrow night."

"Is that why I have a double bed, is Peter sleeping in my room with me tonight?"

Dad laughed, "No, he'll be sleeping in our bedroom with me and your mother."

"Oh, that's okay then, what did you want a hand with?"

"The potato harvester needs the main drive chain replaced, I need you to pull down on the crowbar to tension the chain while I finish bolting the tensioner bracket in place."

I helped to undo some of the bolts that needed removing before the old chain could be removed and watched as my father fed the new chain into place and then put all of my weight on the long steel bar so that my father could get the tensioner bracket in place and tightened up and then he allowed me to ride at his side in the tractor cab as he drove the harvester back to the barn.

When we walked into the kitchen the washing machine was running and mum was properly dressed and standing there cooking dinner, I heard a few whispered conversations between my mum and dad, things like, "He saw Peter totally naked but didn't bat an eyelid..." and "He was right outside our bedroom door and Peter was going mad, he has to have heard what we were doing...did he mention anything to you?"

My dad shook his head, "I think he really is grown up enough to handle sex...I know that I wasn't as sure as you were but, he really is growing up fast now!"

I went to my bedroom straight after dinner, not to sleep or to whack off but to do my homework.

It took me until almost ten o'clock to finish my homework and then I went down to kiss my mum goodnight. I have to say that there was a kind of electricity in the air, a feeling of great expectation hanging over the room, after wishing my parents and their friend a good night, I went to bed, as I closed my bedroom door, I heard my mother giggling on the stairs and my dad whispering, "Can't you two wait until we're all in the bedroom before you start that again?"

I heard their door close and the sound didn't cross into my bedroom but I still grew a boner, 'I can understand this, I promised my cock that I'd look after it later before going out to help my father and now it's payback time.' I remembered my mother's warning about not messing my new bed up so I went out to use the bathroom for my wanking pleasure..."Okay boys, which of you wants to use my mouth first while the other uses my cunt?"

I stopped dead in my tracks, I shivered and then turned back to my bedroom to collect some tissues to wipe up an involuntary climax on the landing, right in front of the bathroom door...it was nowhere near as good as a wank would have been but at least it was a hundred times faster and as I wiped up the mess, I could hear the sound of bodies slapping together from my parent's room.

I slept well all night long and woke thirty minutes before my alarm clock went off. As I walked past my parent's bedroom, I heard the sounds of sex yet again...I shook my head and thought, 'Still at it or at it again?' as I walked down the stairs, quite prepared to make my own breakfast but shock of shocks, my mother was cooking four breakfasts in the kitchen, my head snapped around towards the stairs and my parents bedroom beyond, if my mum was in the kitchen...who exactly was doing what and to whom in my parent's bedroom?

I sat at the kitchen table and mum put my plate in front of me, two sausages, two rashers of best back bacon, two fried eggs, mushrooms, tomatoes and a slice of fried bread, "Wow mum, this is massive...I'll never manage it all!"

"Try to eat as much as you can, you'll need extra energy for tonight!"

As she said that, she was balancing the other three plates of food on a tray to take up to her bedroom to have breakfast in bed.

The back door opened at that moment and Dawn struggled to pull a massive suitcase up the step into the kitchen, she left her case in the doorway, came over to me and wrapped her arm over my neck, kissed me on my cheek, stole a sausage and broke one of my egg yokes with the end of the sausage, swirled the end of the sausage in the yoke and bit it. I slipped over on my seat and Dawn sat next to me, I started cutting my food up and then started to share my breakfast, one piece of bacon for me, one for Dawn and so on until my plate was clean.

"I need to take my case up to your bedroom...but it is a little heavy...Darling!"

I took the gentle hint and carried her case for her over to the stairs and up to my bedroom.

"Where can I put my stuff?"

"Top drawer is yours and the left half of my wardrobe, I cleared half of my dressing table for you as well."

Dawn smiled at me as she unzipped her case on my bedroom floor but before she actually uncovered any of her stuff, she smiled at me and sent me off to the bathroom to have my shower.

When I returned to my bedroom wrapped in a towel, the case was empty and ready to be taken back home and Dawn was sitting on the edge of my bed, she checked the time, "Fifteen minutes before we have to leave for the bus...sooooooo...I can give you a little suck if you like!"

The towel dropped from my shoulders and I stood in front of Dawn, totally naked, she leaned in and took my cock deep in her mouth, I was leaning back, trying to close my bedroom door but just couldn't reach it so I thought, 'Fuck it, if it wants to stop open, let it!'

Dawn was just getting in her stride and I was rocking my hips back and forth, helping her to deliver her pleasure to me when a heavy weight fell across my shoulders, mum had walked in on us while Dawn was sucking my cock and all she could say was, "Remember to wipe the lipstick off of your cock before you put your underpants on for school darling!" And even more surprisingly, "I hope that you remember to reciprocate on Dawn, give her as much pleasure as she is giving you."

Mum left us and went into the bathroom, when I finally exploded in Dawn's mouth, she didn't have anywhere to spit my spunk out because my mother was in the toilet so she ended up swallowing it.

"You know, the worst part of spunk is when it's in your mouth, once you swallow it, it's just as good as if you spat it out straight after taking it in your mouth!"

Dawn checked her watch, "No time for my fun now...you'd better get dressed extra quickly if you don't want us to get detention tonight after school for being late."

I quickly wiped Dawn's 'Passion Pink' lipstick off of my cock and suddenly remembered my mother's gift, "Hey, I know that it isn't the exactly right shade of pink but I thought that you might like this one, it's 'Paradise Pink'."

Even though we were short of time, Dawn wiped her mouth clean of 'Passion Pink' lipstick and sat in front of my mirror to apply a fresh coat of the new lipstick that I'd just given her, 'Paradise Pink' was a slightly darker shade, she smacked her lips together as she looked at her reflection in the mirror, then she took a fresh tissue and held it between her lips and pressed down, then she looked at the tissue in amassment, "Not a single smudge...this is a very expensive lipstick, let's see of it works as well on a kiss!"

I was just tying the double Windsor knot around my neck when Dawn planted her lips on my cheek, then she inspected her handy work closely, "Not a mark, thanks, this lipstick is brilliant!"

We had to run to the bus stop, we got there two minutes early, the bus was five minutes late so we had seven minutes of dedicated snogging time available to us before the bus came along and put a stop to it.

The day dragged a bit, I think mainly because I was excited about what lay ahead, after school, I was going to lose my virginity tonight...hopefully!

For the first time all week we went straight home after school, Dawn walked with me to my house, she went straight up to my bedroom and collected her empty suitcase, she kissed me, "I've got to help my mother set up for the party and then I'll come straight back, probably around seven o'clock."

I couldn't settle, I was like a cat on a hot tin roof, I seemed to be full of energy...mainly because Dawn hadn't worn me out already on the walk home from the school bus. Rather than spending my time fidgeting about in front of the TV, I put my energy into my homework from school...the first time in living memory that I had finished my homework for the whole weekend on Friday afternoon. Mum and dad and Peter left at six o'clock to walk over to the dairy farm and I sat on the back door step to wait for Dawn to come over.

I'd never seen it before but as I sat on my doorstep, I watched ten cars drive up to the dairy farm's house, it must have happened regularly but it had passed me by until this week.

I heard a car toot its horn and looked, I just managed to see Dawn's head bobbing over the hedgerow and then she called out a welcome to the driver that tooted her. I ran to meet Dawn out on the drive, a massive snog while two cars drove behind us, both tooted at us as they passed.

Dawn looped her arm in mine and pulled me towards my house, "Ready for a shag big boy?"

I nodded my head and we walked home.

We went straight to my bedroom, Dawn said, "Let's not mess about this time, we'll just undress ourselves and get down to it this time, we can be more sensual and undress each other in a fortnight's time when our parents are busy at the new moon party!"

I was naked in half the time that it took Dawn to undress, I dug the box of condoms out of my drawer and took one out.

"What are you going to so with that?"

I looked at the foil wrapped prophylactic, "I've got to wear this, my dad said that he would kill me if I put my dick in you without one of these on my cock!"

Dawn turned her left arm towards me, there was a little ridge under the skin, I rubbed my fingertips over it, "Why are you showing me this darling?"

"Because this is my birth control implant...I'm proving to you that we don't need a condom."

"How did a girl of your age get on birth control?"

"I've been allowed to wander around parties at my house since I was about six years old, no one ever minded me looking at them as they fucked and no one tried to get me to do anything that I didn't want them to do but at the Easter party, on the fifteenth of April, the day before the actual full moon, Alan Clark caught me sucking my Cousin Paul's cock and he tried to fuck me from behind while I was playing with Paul...my mother managed to stop him and she insisted on taking me to the doctor's the following Monday for the dreadful morning after pill, just in case and the doctor started me on my first ever implant."

"Why didn't your mother just stop you going to the parties if she didn't want you to have sex?"

"My mother didn't want to stop me having sex...just not with Alan Clark, he has such a massive cock that if he broke my cherry, he would probably have ripped me apart, mum said he was never gentle when he shags..."

'So, Dawn's only been sexually active for three months, she has a lot of confidence for someone so new to sex!' jumped into my head.

"...my mother asked me who I really wanted to lose my virginity too..." Dawn paused for a moment and took a breath, "...when I told her that I wanted you to take my virginity, she insisted that I go on birth control implants first and leave it at least a month to make sure that the implant worked but she also warned me that because you were so immature...I'd have to break you into the idea of having sex!"

"Immature...I resemble that remark!"

Dawn kissed me, "I love you...you brainless Muppet and it's resent...not resemble and it has taken me over a month to get you emotionally ready to have sex without crapping yourself. Now, let me put a towel on your bed so that you can make me bleed...just take it easy when you open me up this time!"

I pulled the duvet off of my bed and Dawn returned with a dark towel and placed it where her bottom would be for our first full sex act together.

She jumped on her back and held her arms up to me to invite me to lie on top of her, "Come on big boy...I've waited long enough for this!"

I was overly eager as I jumped on top of her, "Slowly darling...please!"

I held back, took a deep breath and then lowered my cock into her cunt, she groaned and then squealed a little sharp squeal...she lifted her legs and hooked them over my buttocks and pulled me down into her, "Just stay like this until I get used to the feeling!"

There was a lot of kissing as I was held, deep in her body, by her legs, I felt her feet lift off of my bottom, "Okay, Come on big boy, you can fuck me properly now!"

I went a little mad, energiser bunny style, and Dawn gasped in pain again, I stopped and said, "Do you want me to stop again?"

This time when her feet and legs came into play again, it was to kick down against my buttocks to spur me on as if she were riding a horse, "No...get on with it, I want to feel your spunk in my belly right now!"

The fact that Dawn seemed to be in pain while I was fucking her caused me a lot of concern and stopped me really getting to my happy place as quickly as I'd expected to...I was using speed and force but was distracted and couldn't climax.

It was like a switch being flipped in Dawn's body, she turned from pain to pleasure, from looking hurt to suddenly kicking her legs like a frog as she gasped through her climax...once again I was confused and put off my stride a little, Dawn gasped, "Please, cum...now...I...want...to...feel...you...fill...my...belly...now!"

It took me five minutes longer to finally climax and by then Dawn was screaming her head off with pleasure, I saw the look on her face change when she felt me flooding her cunt out, she smiled at me and then her eyes closed. I pulled out of her cunt and looked, it was my turn to gasp, my cock was bright red along most of its length with a brown collar close to my balls and as I looked in her pussy, her clitoris was exposed again and looking angry as frothy blood oozed out of her body.

I started patting the back of her hand and asking her nervously if she was okay.

Her eyes opened slowly, as she 'Re-booted' she smiled at my concern, "That was fucking fantastic...help me into the bathroom, I need to shower up into my cunt and then we can try that again!"

In the end, I had to remove the shower head from the shower hose and feed the hose up into her pussy, washing gallons of warm water through her fanny until all traces of blood stopped running out of her.

Dawn was keen to get right back on the horse and fuck again as soon as she was dry but I asked if we could just cuddle together in bed for a little while first and so that's what we did, we'd both lost our virginity together and after a kissing and cuddling session for thirty minutes, Dawn was bored and wanted to be fucked again, I rolled on top of her and started fucking her gently, she reached her orgasm within the first ten thrusts of my cock in her cunt, this time, when she started to look exhausted, I stopped fucking her, even though I was nowhere close to my own orgasm.

Dawn moaned at me for not finishing off in her cunt and I told her that I could cum the next time, "We're bound to fuck again in the next hour or so...I'll come then!"

We lay cuddling together again while Dawn got her breath back, "Hey...earlier, you said that your mother wouldn't let me fuck you until after you were on birth control implants and were sure that they were working on you...why?"

"Oh, I'm not sure...something to do with my dad could be your dad as well, he was one of the men that screwed your mother on the day that she fell pregnant with you but he was just one of ten men!"

Now that got me thinking for the next thirty minutes and then Dawn took control, she rolled on top of me and slithered her body down on to my cock, the fucking was slower and a lot gentler, Dawn didn't cum so quickly but I did, very rapid to the boil as she bounced her tits in my face.

I wondered who the other nine men could be that provided the sperm that made me in my mother's belly.
