Julie's Next Summer
by Revengedpirate

Julie's next summer part 5b

Julie couldn't see the owners of these voices as they were behind her, for now.

"Her hairy bush has grown back." said a third voice.

"Shame about her little itty bitty titties." said a fourth voice.

Suddenly six newcomers stood in front of her small naked body. Six people she recognized and knew quite well. April, Olivia, Sally, Billy, Danny, and Timmy, are all a year older but definitely them. Julie squirmed in shame as the six laughed at her struggles along with Dean, Mike, Jake, and Val. Julie closed her eyes. She wished she were anywhere else right now, but hanging here naked with these ten people laughing at her.

"I'll get the hose set up." Said Dean.

Dean walked behind Julie, as the 25-year-old opened her eyes. Julie wished she hadn't as Courtney and Kyle also walked up the driveway to stare at her. Not only that but cars on the busy road started to pull over and walk up to her house, the people obviously wondering what was going on. Julie wished the ground would swallow her, as she recognized five other newcomers. These five were her ex-work colleagues, whom she had worked with before, Agatha, and Agnes's punishment of her. Two were male, whom she had flirted with, they were staring at her small tits like they were the smallest they've ever seen.

The other three were women, who had lost boyfriends because they had chased after Julie. The three women were laughing their heads off.

"Hey, we should have brought popcorn." Said the red-headed, Harriet.

"Forget the popcorn, we should have brought beer." Said Louise a brunette like Julie.

"We should have brought pop tarts. I mean they would've covered those little bites." Said the third girl, Jane, who had black hair.

"Please let me down, there are too many people. Please I'm begging you, Ms. Peters." Said Julie in desperation.

"I'm sorry little one, there are too many people here I can't hear you." Said Ms. Peters, who could hear every word Julie said.

Julie burst into tears, which just made people laugh at her more. Just then came the last two people on earth, that Julie would've wanted to see in this moment of pure shame and humiliation, Lisa and Brad.

"Hello Julie, My what a crowd. Still showing off your little body I see." Shouted Lisa to hysterical laughter.

"Hello, Lisa." Said Val.

"Hello, Val. I've brought over everything, we're obviously not too late." Said Lisa.

"You two know each other?" Asked Julie through sobs.

"Oh yes, Val here is my aunt. I knew she was going to get you naked again, but this is slightly beyond my wildest dreams." Said Lisa.

"Yes Lisa must be nearing 100 people, oh look some have got their phones out." Said Val.

"Let me down please, you've had your fun." Said Julie.

"Oh, we haven't even started yet, little Julie." Said Lisa.

That's when Dean returned with the hose running.

"I'm Sorry Little doggy." Said Dean.

"Little Doggy?" Asked Sally.

"Yes, She does quite the impression. Bark Little Julie, Or I'll squirt you with the hose till you do." Said Dean.

"Woof Woof Woof." barked Julie.

Everyone burst into laughter. Dean grabbed the hose and pointed it at Julie. Julie howled like a wounded dog, as the freezing cold water hit her hair, and trickled down her back. Dean started to run the hose all over Julie's body, covering her body in goosebumps, and her breasts not enjoying it shrank even smaller.

"Wow!!! Her breasts are nearly gone." Shouted April.

Everyone in the massive crowd laughed. Julie was so cold and shivering that she had stopped crying.

"Good, You're drenched, Sally come here." Said Dean.

Sally came over to Dean. He gave her the bottle of baby soap. It was strawberry scented.

"Sally Choose your body part." Said Dean.

"FEET" yelled Sally.

"Wash Julie's feet Sally. Don't forget to remove her toenail varnish and cut them really short as well." Said Lisa smirking.

"You fucking bitches, leave me alone, not here, not fucking here," yelled Julie.

Sally grabbed Julie's left foot and raised it off the box slightly. Julie almost lost her balance.

"No Sally please, all these people." Begged Julie.

Snip, snip, snip, snip, snip, Sally cut all five of Julie's toenails off, then Sally took the nail polish remover, to each toe individually, and removed it from each nail. Julie's little size 5 foot looked even smaller, and barer without their polish and nails. Sally then carefully washed each toe individually and carefully, before placing Julie's left foot back down.

Julie burst into tears again as she saw how small she looked without her polish and nails, but Julie had no time to mourn as Sally relentlessly, grabbed the right foot. Snip, snip, snip, snip, snip, Sally then did the same procedure to Julie's right toenails. Julie's little size 5 feet looked even smaller, and barer without their polish and nails. Julie's only remaining hints of womanhood were her thick hairy brown bush, her armpit hair which she'd accidentally missed when shaving herself, and her red fingernails.

"There you are Julie all done." Said Sally in a mock soothing voice.

More laughter rang out from the crowd.

"Harriet, come on down." Shouted Dean, as a few more carloads of people turned up to watch Julie's humiliation unfold.

Harriet walked up to Dean. She was tall, red-headed, and burly, like Ms. Peters.

"Harriet, which body part would you like?" Asked Dean.

"The Wittle bubbies, hair." Said, Harriet.

"You've Got to be more specific." Said Dean.

"On her head." Said Harriet.

"No, you can't cut my hair off my head." Screamed Julie.

If she thought kicking or screaming would help her she'd do it. She realized she'd just fall off the boxes instead. So all she could do was yell. Harriet grabbed the baby shampoo and started to scrub it in. Harriet then grabbed the hose and washed it out, before tying Julie's hair into a ponytail.

"Aww, you look adorable wittle Julie." Said Harriet stepping away.

