Hi my name is Sam (not the real name) and I am from Delhi but currently located at Bangalore for studies. My age is 20 and am doing my engineering from Bangalore friends and this is not exaggeration,

This is based on my story of recent October, 2012. I feel ashamed, cause she my cousin sister. I shouldn't have done this to her. It was in my semester vacation of my first year, and she was studying Ninth Std.

It all started from this point, in the night before my sister's marriage, she looked as if an angel. She is a fair complexion, but really beautiful and I mean it. She was wearing red chudidaar.

I was instructed to look after and the kids who were playing on the Marriage's hall terrace. I saw my cousin sister playing with these kids. She came to me and we started chatting about our school teachers, friends and teachers. I believe, that's the topic I can debate with my cousin sister) in the moon shine.

I was magnetized by her physically maturity glooming out of her red chudidaar, her magnetic eye, magical smile, her makeup and costumes carved the novel picture of Cinderella in my heart.

I also noticed her boobs bubbling to new heights. This was the first occasion I am talking to lonely for about 45 minutes and that were from the day we both had mutual attraction and started glancing each other.

After a few days and the solitary time arouse and my parents and her parents left to Delhi for 3 days to attend a marriage function. My Cousin Sister and my grandma were left behind and they came to my house for the stay they live in another house opposite to my house).

That night, my grandma has gone to sleep [my grandma usually sleep in open veranda (for fresh air) and we usually lock the door inside). We were alone watching the TV, (the TV is in the main bed room). She was sitting in the sofa and I was lying in the bed watching TV.

It was a Love Story! I was shy watching the movie with her (of course she is my sister) and purposefully went out to kitchen (to drink water) to noticing the love scenes. But she was so cool girl looking as if she is unaware of Love.

It was around 11.30 pm, she made herself comfortable to sleep down (side by my cot) after 15 minutes I switched off the TV and the bed room light to went to bed at midst of darkness.

I couldn't really sleep something inside me ignited to have love with her after long thoughts I made my mind to have a love affair with her and I stated with a gargle me, twice, thrice. I was heart beaten she replied with the cough.

I understood that is not asleep and she is of the same intension. In order to conform, I coughed and she gargled. That the final sign I was waiting for. I approach her with my hands (as I told you, she was sleep on the floor besides my cot).

I first put my hand out of my bed and slowly and steadily crawled my hands to her from my bed (I never made an attempt to peed from my bed, all my hands did). I was about to touch her and was shaken by her meekly voice didn't get sleep?

I immediately took my hand and my mind was boggling to death. I said I couldn't. She raised up her knees leaning to the bed, and said let me make you sleep. She started, she started and she was on her knees leaning on the bed.

I was lying on the bed and she reached my right hand and placed my palm on her cheek. My heart started pounding and my vain pumping out. We were motionless for minutes. Slowly she whispered sleep rubbing her cheek against my palm.

I was relaxed by her love whisper and slowly fingered her cheek. After fingering for about 2 minutes and I slowly took my handoff her cheek and hold her shoulder to rise up her knees.

At last words came from my mouth sleep with me! She did as I said and lay besides me on my bed. For a few minutes we were motionless, suddenly she tightened my hand with hers and placed it on her belly.

I made up mind not to waste time anymore. I put my hands to her boobs and she was holding my hand tightly and never let me press it. She guided my hand to her face and I started tickling her ears. I can hear her sex ecstasy voice mmm.

I was half way on her, and started with a smooch. She lost her control and holds my hair tightly and never let me take my lips. I reached her tongue with mine, and she gave a bite.

I kissed her all over her face, and so did she. I started to invade her boobs and this and time she let me play, kiss and mouth. We were hugging and spinning each other rolling all over the bed, kissing each other. She was
wearing short and tops.

I started unzipping her tops, and she was much co-operative turning her back for unzipping. We kneel on the bed and she raised her hand to take off her tops as did to her and she did the same to take off t-shirt still on the knees.

I could never resist and started hugging kissing her boobs and around when she whispered my name and hold my buttocks tightly to hers, as my hard pennies touched her she was jolted and hold my buttocks still tighter and reached my neck hugging with hers and when it was on the go.

I slowly put my hands into her buttocks and slowly lowered her short. She suddenly realized and refrained me doing so. She was still half dressed in her shorts and I removed it. The hand full of breast standing stiff and erect
astonished me.

We hugged in bare body and I realized the heat of her body in me. I dragged my tongue all over her face, arm pit and boobs. She was so curious and holds my back hair and guides me from her boobs to belly. She was agonized by the tickle of belly.

I went down licking and reached her toes. I stated going back kissing her legs, thighs and I raised her shorts and kissed her thighs and started my prime journey (inside her shorts) towards the treasure of cunt. She was again jolted, but as she felt inconvenience with her shorts.

She immediately unbuckled her shorts and took off through her head. No word can explain her sexual exposure in her panties, in the darkness. I camped my kisses and licks in and around her panties and I never let come out of it.

She realized that I would never leave the area without stripping her panties and making her nude. She never wants to do so. She raised and turned me down and started kissing me from top to bottom. I wasn't shy when she tried to remove my jockey underwear.

I am nude before my sister and she was very shy to look at my nudeness in fade lights when she was probing to touch my penis, I voluntarily took her hands and lead her to touch my hard penis.

She made a feather touch, and my penis shoot up, and I whispered haaa. She understood I am getting high and slowly tightened her grip. I was so high that I hold her head down to my penis to acquire a kiss voluntarily.

She then stated her kisses around my penis and balls. She was on the go and I hold her hair back and hold my penis and started trusting it into her mouth as she was immature and innocent in sex, she started with a rough work, teething my penis which pained me a lot.

I was rather much curious to have an intercourse and trusted my hard penis between her legs. Our legs unlocked tightly and our body twisted hands twisted around and kisses on her neck. She lost her control, when I kissed her neck area, she murmured mmmm.

I realized that this is the golden chance to undress her last panty. I never missed the moment she was feeling the heaven and let me bring down her last piece of dress the panty. A real mystery of nudity ends here. I spread her legs with mine and trusted my hardest penis in to her cunt.

I was unsuccessful, because both were virgins and new Lads to sex patently; I split in my hand and applied in my penis to lubricate the passage. She held my penis and guiding into her passage. I trusted my penis with vigour to reach inside and after many unsuccessful attempts at last my penis reached deep inside the hole she shouted of pain.

I immediate smooch her to stop shouting. She started biting my mouth deeply of pain and I was more generous let her do. After a stand still silence of inserted penis, I gradually started moving my buttocks in and out as she her cunt was too tight for my penis.

She murmured enough. I never let her go for 5 minutes and keep pumping out. Not able to withstand the pain she pushed me down her and relived herself. That's the day and she rushed to the bathroom and never came out for 15 minutes.

Not able to control, I knocked the bathroom, she said enough I want to sleep. I understood and collected her scatted dresses and handed it to her in the bathroom. By then she came out of the barroom dressed up I understood the play was over.

We did not speak to each other and went to sleep. The next night was the same old story, but both were in a relaxed mood to exchange sex. She strictly told me that I can do whatever I want, but not to put my dick inside her cunt cause.

She was afraid that there may be a high risk of pregnancy. I accepted and from then we had a very good soft sex. I use to finger her cunt and fuck her and she fuck me, masturbate me and eject the sperms to her body on the whole we would have had soft sex for about a dozen times and for just 2 months.

We stopped everything after she went to pre-university. I think that is the full stop for my filthy sex life with my cousin sister. I sometimes feel bad to have sexed my Cousin Sister I really feel ashamed of myself. Past is Past but this will be an ever lasing shadow on the dark side of my Moon. 

For friendship and close relations, ladies are welcome to contact me.

Note: I'm not a callboy or something so please doesn't just mail me for direct sex. However am always ready to become close friend and always ready to make friends with only known ladies mail me at  iam.passionatelover@gmail.com