Author: Amber Heart
Title: The Demoness
Part: Chapter 02
Summary: Alexander is a normal young man until he meets the beautiful 
Demoness Nina. He has trouble with her message, Alex is going to be
Alexandra.
Keywords: rom, cons, magical, tg, transformation, nosex


THE DEMONESS


Chapter 3: His or Her Monday
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Alexander started his Computer. Monday, again. Sitting in his comfy chair 
he tried to get his focus back on his projects, but it was a lot harder 
than last week. He had so much to think about that he had trouble not 
losing himself in his own head. This morning he had been standing in front 
of his mirror searching for any changes but he had looked identical. 
Although he had had the hunch that maybe his brown hair had done the 
opposite of receding. But who knew, it was only this year that he had 
noticed any change at all. Yesterday had been even worse, he had tried to 
distract himself from the tornado in his head, which sucked in every 
thought and twisted, tugged and deformed everything. It worked. Half of the 
time. At dinner he pondered about his future name. Looking over a list of 
names from which to choose his own was... disturbing. After all the name is 
the first thing people see about someone. The name forms and shades the 
first image about a stranger. An 'Alfred' is a completely different person 
than a 'Cindy'. Therefore it was important. Therefore it felt like leaving 
Alexander behind, searching through a catalogue of shells in which he could 
insert his thoughts. But after he had crawled from A to Z nothing had stuck 
out. No shell was worth choosing. How do parents do this!? They don't even 
know what their child will become. Maybe that is the point. He had had no 
other choice but to go through it another time. And then finally a name, a 
shell, had stuck out! It was simple and beautiful, but also versatile and 
special. He liked it a lot. It was 'Alexandra'.

Because he was going to be changed into a woman, or his body was going to 
be changed into him... into her... or was he a her all along... or... FUCK! 
He grabbed his mug and walked to the coffee machine. Was it now his or her 
mug? He felt the tornado surging again. Gaining strength and eating up 
every thought. This is why he had tried to distract herself yesterday. Or 
himself. GOD! He felt like smashing the stupid mug. She went through this. 
These confusing, horrible teenage years had been plagued by this question; 
she or he? But HE decided, because he found strength in strength itself. He 
liked being strong, not afraid to take a fight, and protecting the one's he 
loved. But he is now going to be transformed into a she, a 'complete 
woman'. At least that is what Nina had told her. The thing he thought 
impossible was now going to happen wheather she liked it or not. And who is 
'she' going to be? She knew who he was, but she? She probably has to be 
more afraid of fights, even when she keeps his hobbies up. No matter what 
the Movies tell the masses with their thousands of Femme-Fatales, he knew 
from first hand experience that physics just favors the big and the heavy. 
Yes, she could beat random attackers, but it is far more risky with her 
than with him. So what is she going to do in the same situation? Flee? Is 
she going to be scared? What are her fears? Her desires? The same or 
something different? Will it change him or will she be the same? How much 
can somebody chose about themself and how much is being chosen? A voice 
tore him out of her tornado. He had been staring at the rinsing water. 

"Morning!" It was Michael, a senior.

Alex looked up and tried her best at a crooked smile "Morning."

"Are you alright, Alex?"

"Yeah yeah, just feeling a bit under the wheather you know. Parties."

"Oh you damn Teenagers!", he replied. His elder performance was uncanny. 
"Parties can really suck the life out of you! Sometimes being married has 
it's perks."

"Like?"

"For example you don't kill yourself at a party." he filled his mug with 
the brown brew and walked past him "Have a good start!"

"How are you this fit this early?"

He grinned. "One word: Marriage!" and kept walking. Shortly before he left 
he turned around "Kids woke me up three hours ago!" They both laughed and 
he left.

At least she could have the same job. Actually, there are far too few 
female engineers she thought. Plus one female engineer! With that chuckling 
thought filling the head Alex managed to jump into the projects, starving 
the rummaging tornado.

After a few minutes, soothing numbers and formulas filled the head. Heavy 
numbers and formulas which the tornado could not budge an inch. The clock 
ticked away and seemed to move at a faster speed. Minutes and hours just 
walked by. But then he started feeling sickly, like he was really coming 
down with something. There was an uneasy churning in his stomach... her 
stomach... He tried to ignore everything but the churning was persisting, 
fostering. Over the next hour Alex became increasingly distracted. 
Important results just fell out of her head and he had to recalculate them. 
And then it became worse. His head started spinning on its own, shaking and 
messing up her formulas. Maybe he was really coming down with something. It 
could not be the 'taxing transformation' Nina had prophesized. This was not 
due in another eight hours minimum. Her mind spit out a phrase: Be careful 
what you wish for. Stupid philosophy lecture. He decided that it was 
enough. She informed his colleagues and went home for the rest of the day.

Shortly after lunchtime she stumbled in his apartment and rushed to the 
toilet. Relieved from breakfast she clumsily crawled into his bed. Her 
stomach was tensing up, but her head was so incredibly tired. Maybe the 
three hours of sleep of last night took their toll. She fell asleep almost 
instantly. 

Something woke her up. Was there someone at his door? Yes there was! Head 
clouded and stomach aching he shuffled to the entrance. With auburn hair, 
black top and sinfully skinny jeans there stood Nina! 

"Hellooo Alex!" she sang happily and gave her a peg on the cheek. Then she 
winced. "Sorry I haven't... I didn't... have you thought about your name?" 

A painful smile formed on his face. "Alexandra!"

Nina looked up relieved. "I like it!" She dropped her clinking heavy bag 
and started removing her jacket and boots as she hesitated. With a voice 
worried like never before she asked "Alex, are you not feeling well?!" 

"Just a bit under the weather. Nothing major" he mumbled in response. 

"Stomach ache and fever?"

"Stomach yes, fever don't know, and head is weird."

"Since when?!" she asked distressed almost startling Alex. 

"I dunno, maybe ten, eleven o'clock..."

She put her sleek hand on his forehead. "You go in your bed and stay there. 
It has started early."

Moving herself to bed she turned her head over his shoulder: "Is that good 
or bad?" 

Nina was removing her black top. "I don't know..."

From his bed she could see the beauty transform again. Pink red, busty, 
horned, tailed, winged and cocked Demoness flitted around his apartment 
gathering things until she halted besides him with a glass of water, half a 
dozen pills, a clipboard and a little pile of papers. Nina put down the 
sheets and handed Alex the pills and glass. 

"These are Calcium and Magnesium supplements. Your body will need it". 
After Alex swallowed each she sorted her sheets and was suddenly wearing 
glasses. Her brown hair was strained to a ponytail which emphasised her 
curved horns. Nibbling at the tip of a pencil she continued. "Ok the 
transformation was supposed to start at about midnight, but your body did 
not get the memo." Those words she chose... what is Nina doing for a 
living? "Your internal organs have started to shift, hence the abdominal 
pain. They will take quite some time to finish. Meanwhile the fever will 
burn away excess fat and muscles." Her tiny wings were idly swinging on her 
back. "It should be done around Tuesday night and Wednesday. Your body 
should switch to estrogen production... tomorrow afternoon." She pressed 
her lips together and her tail twitched forcefully. "The bulk of bone 
reconstruction should start Wednesday evening... Alex?" Her green eyes were 
searching his. "This will be the worst night of your life. Every bone... 
from what I read... it is like breaking every bone in your body. 
Repeatedly. Over and over again." Alex's mind was foggy but she understood 
and nodded slowly.  "From what I could gather the rest should be a 
cakewalk. Thursday and Friday your primary and secondary characteristics 
will develop and everything should be done at Saturday." Nina dropped the 
clipboard on her naked lap, presenting her breasts. "Do you have any 
questions?"

"Yesterday you said something about me transforming into a demon. Will that 
happen now too or..." 

"After phase one has finished. But honestly this is the furthest I could 
research on such short notice. I don't yet know what happens afterwards, 
but it won't be that bad... comparatively speaking."

"What about my workplace?"

"Ah yes! I almost forgot, almost!" The Demoness skipped to her bag, tail 
and apple-like ass swinging around. She returned with a clanking little 
box. "Special mixture of 'I am sorry Alex but I help you the best I can' 
potions plus a medical certificate. Congratulations, you have a diagnosed 
flue!" She solemnly handed over a thin sheet of paper. 

"Thanks, but how is alcohol going to help?"

"Oh it so isn't alcohol! Mostly. Partially. But that's not the point! Next 
time when beautiful Alexandra enters, they think you have been a woman 
since the day they saw you. And it has other supplements which should help 
you on your way."

"What... how?" But it was ignored. 

"So drink one every six hours and... oh yes, drink this first." She handed 
her a little bulgy bottle of Whiskey. Nina assured that it was not the 
outside that counted. Alex was sceptical but did what was suggested and 
drank the whole thing. Nina was right, it wasn't cheap Whiskey, it was 
worse. 

Naked giggling Nina jumped in his bed, nestling on his side. Again her 
winglets folded over her shoulders like tiny black blankets. Her smiling 
face and horns poked out of the cover. "Sorry, the others taste better I 
promise. But this will help your hair grow" And ruffled his short brown hair.

Alex felt her warmth which was comforting, because somehow his room was 
becoming colder by the minute. 

Nina took off her lovely glasses and after e careful look she said. "We 
have some time until you are probably too feverish to do anything... would 
you like to talk?"

"I guess." Alex looked around his room until her blue eyes fixed Nina's 
calm but worried eyes. 

"How do you feel?"

Alex chewed on her lips... his lips GOD DAMMIT WHAT NOW?! His clouded mind 
could not take it anymore. He felt tears starting to form. "I don't know 
anymore. This morning I happily checked my body if anything had changed, 
then a stared at my coffee mug and... you know this isn't the first time I 
asked myself what I am... he or she." He pressed his tear dropping eyes 
shut. "I thought I was more of a girl when I was a teenager. So part of me 
can't wait. But the other part is... it is like tearing ME, Alexander apart."

Nina tried to hold it back. "That is horrible!" 

"It wasn't perfect but I became fond of being Alexander. And now I ask 
myself: Was Alexander just a mask for me? To a part maybe, but where does 
the mask stop?" He opened his watery eyes and looked at Nina who was losing 
her battle against the tears. She took a moment to catch herself. 

"We do hide ourselves. You have to switch your hiding place but can't find 
yourself anymore. Oh god..." She wiped a few tears away. "With the mask, 
the hiding spot, I could help. I've found a nice spot." she laughed half 
heartedly. "But with yourself..." Her beautiful green teary eyes looked 
deep inside him. "Whenever you find an answer, please tell me!" With that 
she hugged and kissed him. Alex felt her warm demonic body, touched her 
silky hair, tasted her salty tears on her lips or were they his? Touching 
her smooth tongue a feeling, a worry was being lifted. Alex was not alone 
anymore