My Wife, The Restaurant, and the Ride Home
by Linemstr814

Wife's exhibitionistic evening out.

It was our usual Saturday night date night out, but this time I had a few things planned which were a tad unusual. My wife had a predilection for exhibitionism, although she couldn't really admit it. She loved for all her spectacular parts to be seen and watched, but in a way in which she had no choice, and in a way which could not get out of hand. Of course, since she couldn't admit loving being watched in all her glory, she left all the details to me. Not an easy task for me...but I loved watching her being seen and not able to do anything about it. In spite of her enjoyment, it was truly embarrassing for her, but she confided in me that she loved it, and the sex afterward was spectacular! So, I'd called the restaurant where I knew the manager, and made a couple of minor arrangements in advance.

"I want you to wear only what I've put out on the bed and floor tonight. Nothing else except, perhaps jewelry and a purse which you may pick out to go with the outfit. I'd put out only a simple black dress, cut very low in front, with a halter top, and a hemline which was a good 6" above her knees, a pair of skimpy black panties, a black strapless bra, and a pair of black stiletto heels....nothing else.

My wife was in her early 30s, a short-haired brunette with a simple, though ample figure...well-proportioned, shapely, with shapely breasts (all her) which jiggled and swayed a bit, but not too much, as she walked unfettered by a bra. Her hips were trim, as were her legs. I would guess she was about 5' 5", wore about a size 6 dress, and had something like measurements of 35-24-35, but I never can keep up with those kinds of statistics. I just know what I like when I see it, and I definitely like her figure...dressed or undressed!!

When viewed stark naked, her legs formed a tiny triangle at the top, allowing her shaved-bald pussy to be clearly visible, and her clit as well, which was seemingly always engorged and peeking out from its tiny hood, which, in reality, offered no covering or protection at all! It was always very sensitive and ready! Because of that tiny triangle and trim legs, thighs, and butt, her pussy was just as visible from behind as from the front! I loved just watching her almost as much as I enjoyed sex play with her, but not quite 😊.

She gulped audibly when she saw what I'd picked out for her but simply went to the dresser and picked out an appropriate necklace, bracelet, and purse to go with the outfit, and put everything on. She was stunning! It was cool outside, so she got her long, black topcoat to put on over the outfit.

We arrived at the restaurant and were seated at the table I'd specified in my phone call. It had bench seats with the backs to the wall, and a tablecloth which was substantially oversized for the table, allowing it to hang over onto our laps, and about 1 1/2' over each side and front. There were couples on either side of us, and everyone spoke politely to us as we sat down. The shortness of my wife's dress wasn't lost on the men on either side of us.

We went through the usual formalities of the waiter's telling us the specialties of the evening, ordering, opening the wine and beginning to sip it. All the while, I was tracing little circles around my wife's upper bare legs, getting her somewhat hot as I traveled higher and higher and then down to her knees again.

"I want you to go into the Ladie's Room and remove your bra and panties. When you come back, hand them to me over the table."

She looked at me in surprise...not shock, exactly, but surprise! She knew how she'd look to the men on either side of us when she returned, and she was already getting aroused. She returned to the table, this time her breasts swaying slightly with each step, and the outlines of her nipples were slightly visible through the thin, black material of the halter top! She handed me the bra and panties over the table. The action wasn't missed by any of the 4 people on either side of us. I calmly put the undies in her purse and snapped it shut. Then I returned my hand to her leg and continued toying and tracing my fingers up and down and in circles.

We continued to sip the wine. We'd drunk about 1/2 the bottle when they brought the food to us. As we started to eat, I moved my hand up to her crotch. "Spread your legs for me," I whispered into her ear. She complied. The tablecloth kept her pussy from being seen from across the room and either side. I started toying with her pussy and clit under the tablecloth. I slipped my finger up inside her and out again, across her clit, over and over! She was sopping wet!! She had increasing difficulty keeping her food on the fork, chewing, and swallowing. When her first orgasm hit her, she maintained her composure well, but moaned softly, stiffened a bit, and gripped the table hard between us. I didn't stop!

She whispered to me, "If you keep this up, I'm going to have another orgasm, and I'm so sensitive now, I don't know if I can keep any kind of control when it happens!"

"I'm sure you'll manage. You don't want to embarrass yourself any more than the walk from the Ladie's Room already has, I'm sure!"

Now, every time she picked up the glass of wine, she had difficulty keeping it from spilling over, she was trembling so badly. She was squirming slightly on my hand, and her breasts were swaying just a bit as she squirmed.

The people next to her finished and left. I noticed the man looked at my wife and smiled as he left his table.

It was a good thing they left, because when the second orgasm hit my wife, she moaned a bit louder, stiffened more noticeably, gripped the table with two hands, and hung her head over the table for a few seconds. She finally recovered and resumed eating. I stopped tormenting her, and we finished eating soon. We declined desert. I paid the bill, and we got up. "Don't put on your topcoat until we leave the restaurant. Let everyone watch you as you go out." She was magnificent, as always! Now, the absence of panty lines and bra lines beneath the thin, black material was noticeable, as were the unfettered breasts swaying slightly as she walked! When we got to the door, I said, "Here. Let me help you with your coat." She put on the topcoat, and we exited the restaurant.

I had parked the car about halfway through the parking lot and directly under a light. When we walked to the car, I quickly looked around and saw nobody. I opened the car door for her, and stopped her from getting in. I held the door open and stood in the opening between the door edge and the car. "I want you to take your dress and shoes...NOW!"

"But....OHMIGOD! You want me naked...outside...here...NOW...under this light!! Wh...what do you intend to do with me?! I...I mean...I'll be in full view, bathed in light, and stark naked for anyone who might come along!!"

"I know. That's why you shouldn't tarry too long. Just do as I say. QUICKLY!"

She sighed, mumbled something about, "...the things I do for you!" and started removing her dress, just as I knew she would, in spite of her feigned protestations. She kicked the shoes off and gave them to me, which I put in the back seat of the car. She undid the halter top and slid the dress down and off her feet. I threw the dress into the back seat along with the shoes. Now my beautiful wife stood there bare-assed naked under a glaring light in front of me. She was obscured by the car, the door, and me, but she knew she could still be seen if anyone happened along. They didn't.

"Now put on your topcoat and get into the car."

She complied, and I buttoned up the topcoat from hemline to just below her neck. Her nervousness subsided.

"When you get into the car put your hands up and behind the head rest." I opened the rear door and produced a pair of fur-lined handcuffs and a washcloth from a small bag I'd hidden there. I put the handcuffs on her left wrist, ran the handcuffs between the posts of the headrest, pulled her seatbelt over her right shoulder, and cuffed her right wrist. She didn't know it, but the handcuffs had a 'quick-release' on them that enabled me to release her hands quickly if we were stopped for some reason. I proceeded to unbutton her topcoat all the way down and spread the sides apart all the way so that her entire naked body was totally exposed to anyone who might look in any of the side or front windows! Her nervousness returned as she began to understand what I had in mind!

I closed her door and got into the driver's seat. I took two short pieces of rope from the same bag and tied her right knee to the door grip and her left knee to a cup holder on the console, effectively holding her legs spread apart, adding to the completeness of her exposure. I tilted the car seatback down a bit to make her pussy clearly visible, and then I finished putting on her seat belt by stretching it between her breasts and across her hips well above her upper thighs.

I got out of the car and closed my door. I walked around the car, examining my wife from both side windows and the front of the car through the windshield. She was magnificent...stark naked, hands tied behind her neck causing her magnificent breasts to be stretched taut across her chest, which was arched a bit from the position. Moderately tinted side windows obscured her somewhat, and all but her breasts were below the window. She was clearly visible from the windshield from the waist up as well. Only if someone came up to the window or was a truck driver could her pussy be seen. Lastly, I smeared a bit of mud on the car tag, temporarily changing a "B" to a "G," and a "6" to an "8."

I returned to the driver's seat and closed the door. I told her to raise up her hips, and I put the washcloth under her pussy "...just to keep your coat dry," I said. As I was placing the washcloth under her pussy, I began sucking on her nipples and took the opportunity to slip my middle finger up inside her pussy and out again, sliding it over her engorged clit, and back up inside again...several times! She spread her legs more and arched her back as she gasped and moaned. She was very wet, as I suspected she would be, a confirmation that she was enjoying what I was doing to her, and what she now realized was to come. I pulled out of the parking lot and onto the street! NOW she was nervous!!

As we drove along the streets with stoplights and stop signs headed toward the expressway, I knew that the moderately tinted windows would make it difficult for the casual passer-by to notice my wife or her condition unless her overhead light were on! Nevertheless, I had to stop at each sign and signal.

Most of the time when I stopped, she went unnoticed, but there were a few incidents where she was noticed. On one of those times, a group of young men noticed her at a stoplight and came up to the car, got a full view of her tits and pussy through the window and asked me to lower the window so they could feel her tits and finger her pussy. I was at the point of having to decide what to do when the light changed and off we went. The second time a mixed group of young men and women noticed her through the front windshield at a stop sign and quickly came around to the side of the car again, asking me to lower the window. There was nobody behind me, so I did. Almost simultaneously, there were four hands (that's all that would fit through the window at one time) were groping my wife's tits and pussy, quickly driving her crazy, and about to make her cum. Then the others insisted on a turn and the hands were replaced by four others to continue the assault, quickly making her cum!

"AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHNNNNNNNNGH!! NNGH!! NGH!! NGH!! NNNNGH!

At that point, I slowly raised the window, giving them time to get their arms out before I took off.

"OHMIGOD!! I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU JUST LET THAT HAPPEN!! I'VE NEVER BEEN SO HUMILIATED...SCARED...EMBARRASSED...AND SO TOTALLY AROUSED BEFORE!!!" She smiled at me.

I knew it. I said nothing...letting what had happened to her continue to sink into her mind.

I entered the expressway soon after that, and quickly sped up to the required minimum speed. I turned on her overhead dome light! I stayed out of the right lane so truckers could get a good view of my wife!

"NNNNOOOOOO!! TURN OFF THAT LIGHT!! YOU WANT EVERY TRUCKER ON THE ROAD TO SEE ME!??" she said, feigning indignation.

"YES! EXACTLY! And those who want to, will!!"

We passed several truckers who took notice of my wife's condition and exposure, lit up as she was under her dome light, and honked their horns in appreciation! It was before the days of the cellphone, and CB radios were still all the rage. Apparently, they were rapidly in use on the expressway, because soon, instead of our passing the trucks, we had a convoy of trucks all passing us, and lingering along side to get a good view of my wife, unable to hide her nudity, and still lit up under her dome light!! Occasionally, I'd reach over and play with her tits or her pussy, causing her to arch her back, breathe deeper, moan a bit, and turn her head from side to side! She was totally aroused and in ecstasy!!

When we reached our cut-off to our house, the incidents ended and the rest of the trip home was without further ado. When I pulled into the driveway, I didn't pull into the garage. The front porch light was on. I opened her door and freed her knees. I used one piece of rope to tie her ankles together and released her wrists, stood her up, took off her coat and re-cuffed her hands behind her. I made her walk to the front door as she was...naked, unable to cover any part of her sex, and, being hobbled, having to walk very slowly, and very nervously!! After she was safely inside the front door, I went back outside and pulled the car into the garage and re-entered through the garage door, and locked the front door.

Then I picked up my wife and threw her onto a large sectional in the great room, still cuffed and tied. I left the windows wide open and left her immobilized as she was. There was only one way I could fuck her, but all holes were available! The sex was long...and very satisfying...with my wife watching her tied and helpless reflection in the windows in a most arousing way as she was systematically fucked In all three holes!! She was a bit disappointed that her reflection in the windows made it impossible to tell whether anyone were watching...
