Madison
by Demonhead
Copyright© 2021 by Demonhead

Chapter 19: Friday

Madison sat in Katie’s lap for another 30 minutes, occasionally sitting up and kissing her. She was starting to feel normal again, if she even knew what her normal was now as she still felt the moisture in her panties from the man’s stuff. She took a deep breath as she laid on Katie’s chest. She sat up.

“I guess I should go home. Daddy is waiting for me. He is making dinner for us.” She said.

“Yes, you should. I am so glad you came over. I missed you so much.” Katie said and hugged her.

“Thank you for talking to me and making me feel better.” Madison said and stood up. She looked over at Mr. Thompson, he was sitting at the kitchen table. She walked over and stood in front of him. His eyes were red, and she could tell he had been crying. She grabbed his hands.

“Mr. Thompson, I love you. Do not be sad. It was my decision; you helped me through it and gave me every opportunity to think about what I was doing. I am so happy you hired my daddy. This job has made him so happy and has given him the opportunity to put our life back together. Thank you so much for that.” She said and hugged him. He looked at Katie and she was smiling with her hand over her mouth. He put his arms around the young girl and hugged her, his head on her shoulder.

She held onto Mr. Thompson for as long as he needed. He pulled back and looked at her.

“Madison, you are a very special girl, do not ever change. I am so happy you walked into our lives.” He said.

She hugged him again and then walked over to Katie. She held out her hand and Katie took it and stood up. They walked outside and Aaron was waiting next to the car. She kissed Katie for a long time, their tongues wrapped around each other. She pulled back and Katie was smiling.

“I missed those kisses.” Madison said.

“Me too.” Katie said.

“I will see you guys on Saturday, right?” Madison said.

“Yes, maam, we would not miss it for the world.” Katie said and Madison crawled into the front seat. Aaron looked at Katie.

“You ok?” Aaron said.

“I am now. Thank you for bringing her.” Katie said.

“Like I had a choice.” He said and she laughed. She bent over and looked at Madison.

“Good night, sweet girl.” Katie said.

“Good night, Katie.” Madison said.

Aaron got in the car and Madison slid over next to him. She pulled his hand onto her thigh and snuggled next to him. Katie looked at Aaron and he shrugged.

They drove in silence most of the way. He loved the feel of her warm thigh and she loved the feel of his strong hand. She looked up at him.

“Aaron, I miss seeing you every day. Do you miss me?” She said.

“Terribly.” He said and she smiled.

She hung onto his arm until they got home. She crawled onto his lap and kissed him hard for a while when they got home. She needed to feel his arms around her and his mouth on hers. She eventually pulled back and looked at him, she loved the way he looked at her. She hugged him again and crawled out of the car. He watched her walk into her house and adjusted his cock.

Madison and her daddy enjoyed a wonderful dinner, and she was stuffed. She got into her pajamas and they sat on the couch with him to watch a movie. She felt safe and comfortable in her daddy’s arms. Madison looked at the TV.

“Daddy, do we have enough money to get a big TV?” She said.

“Yes, we do baby. Would you like to get a bigger one?” He said.

“Yeah, one with that cool sound bar.” She said.

“You got it, sweetheart.” He said and she snuggled up to him. She heard how happy he was to be able to give her things. She loved this feeling.

She fell asleep in his arms and he carried her to her room. He put her in her bed and kissed her on the forehead. He was still trying to wrap his head around the fact that he had a 2-million-dollar check in his pocket. He was trying to think of what else he could buy her. He wanted to shower her with gifts. He turned off her lights and went to bed.

Madison woke up in her bed again on Friday morning, but she was not as sad as yesterday as she still felt Katie’s kisses on her lips. She hugged her pillow and thought about the man putting his cock into her. She thought she would feel different after that, but she didn’t, she was still happy daddy was home and she loved the Thompsons and Aaron. Sam was still her best friend. She was not sore down there. She slid her fingers down and ran them across her pussy. It felt the same as before. Nothing seemed to have changed. She jumped out of her bed and went into the bathroom to wash off yesterday.

She picked out a white cotton skirt and a pink halter top. She pulled out a pair of yellow panties. She didn’t think she needed a bra with the halter. She slipped it on, and she was right, her boobs were held up well and the material was thick enough with enough frills to hide her nipples for the most part.

Henry was pouring himself another cup of coffee when he saw her come down the stairs. Sometimes he forgot how pretty she was and then he would see something like this. Her skirt was loose and danced around her legs. Her top had small straps that showed her perfect shoulders. Her little belly was tight and looked nice between her top and skirt. She bounced into the kitchen.

“You look like you are in a good mood.” He said.

“Today is Friday and my daddy is home.” She said and he smiled as she walked into his arms.

“Yeah, I guess you are right on both counts.” He said and kissed her on the top of the head.

She wolfed down a bowl of cereal and grabbed her backpack. She hugged him and kissed him lightly on the cheek.

“Daddy, I asked Sam to sleep over tonight, would that be ok? We can take her to the meet. We have to be there at 8.” She said.

“Yes, that would be ok, sweetie. Did Sam clear it with her parents?” Henry said.

“Not yet, but she is asking them. I will call you on my new phone and let you know.” She said.

“Ok baby, just let me know.” He said.

“Thank you, daddy.” She said and hugged him again.

She walked out the door and headed next door. She got halfway across the yard and Roscoe ran up to her. She knelt down and rubbed on the little dog. She looked up and Mr. Jones was standing on the steps and she knew he was looking at her panties. She spread her legs a little more as Roscoe ran around her. She picked him up and carried him over to Mr. Jones.

“Good morning, Mr. Jones.” She said as Roscoe licked on her ear.

“Good morning, Madison.” He said.

“I don’t have a pretty bra on today, sorry.” She said and he looked at her little boobs in the halter. He could see their shape and a hint of nipple. It was lovely.

“No, you don’t, so no hot chocolate for you.” He said.

“But I have pretty panties, right?” She said and he looked at her. She had that evil grin again.

“I guess.” He said.

“Mr. Jones, you are so cute. It is ok that you looked at my panties. They are pretty and I don’t mind. Shouldn’t they count just like my bra?” She said and he shook his head.

“You are quite the rascal, aren’t you?” He said and she giggled.

“If that means sneaky, then yes I am. Do you like them?” She said.

“Yes, I do, and yes, they do count for hot chocolate.” He said.

“Yay! But I am not sure what will happen this afternoon, Sam may sleep over.” She said.

“Then I may have to owe you one now.” He said and tried not to let his face show how sad he was that he may not get to see her this afternoon. How did she have this effect on him?

“I have a meet tomorrow, are you coming?” She said.

“I am definitely coming.” He said.

“Goodie, I like it when all my fans are there.” She said and climbed up the steps until she was level with him.

She leaned over and kissed him, slipping her tongue into his mouth. She felt him return the kiss and put his arm around her. She pulled back and smiled. She handed Roscoe to him.

“See you tomorrow, Mr. Jones.” She said and walked away.

“See you Madison.” He said and watched her walk away until he could not see her anymore. His little neighbor was changing, it was like she was suddenly more aware of everything. He felt a little weird that he got busted for looking up her skirt, but she just rolled with it. She was turning out to be a very interesting young girl.

He walked into his house, seeing those yellow panties in his mind. He needed a distraction and he remembered that he needed to call his friend and arrange a time with Henry to get the new security system installed today.

Madison waited for her friend and saw Sam walk out of her door. She was still moving slow as she walked down her steps. She was wearing black yoga pants and a big white shirt. The shirt was long sleeve, and she had the sleeves rolled up a little. She looked very cute again. She waited for her and hugged her. She looked at her friend and she looked tired.

“Sam, are you ok?” Madison said.

“Yeah, I am fine. Just a little tired, I didn’t sleep well last night, my legs are still hurting.” She said.

“Did you go to the nurse yesterday?” Madison said.

“Yeah, she just gave me some aspirin.” Sam said.

They started walking and Madison grabbed her hand. She felt Sam squeeze it.

“Is your daddy still home?” Madison said.

“Yeah, he is.” She said.

“You look very pretty today.” Madison said and Sam smiled.

“Thank you, rock star, I just try to keep up with you.” She said.

They talked about silly stuff until they got to school. She hugged Sam and headed to first period. Mr. Thomas was glad to see her in a skirt. She watched him as she sat down and made sure he got a good view. It made her legs tingle when she realized he was looking at her. She wondered when that started happening. She caught him a few more times during the period as he sat behind his desk and they worked on their assignment. She especially liked the way his face turned red when she scratched her thigh. He was cute.

The bell rang and the class emptied. She walked up to his desk. He looked at her and he continued to struggle, wiping his forehead with his handkerchief. She was so fucking pretty; he just wanted to grab her and hold her. She smiled and he took a deep breath.

“Mr. Thomas, can I eat lunch with you today?” She said.

“Madison, I would love that.” He said and she smiled.

“Great, let me know if you need me to help you with anything.” She said and walked towards the door.

He scratched his head and wondered if he had heard that right. There was a little flirty tone to how she said that. No, he must have misheard it, she was only a freshman. God, he felt like a dirty old man.

“See you at lunch, Mr. Thomas.” She said and walked out.

He leaned back and started to think what she could help with but all he could think about were those yellow panties he just stared at for the entire period.

Madison ran into Sam after second period.

“Hey, I am eating lunch with Mr. Thomas again, do you want to come?” She said.

“Are you sure you don’t want to be alone?” Sam said and Madison hit her on the arm.

“Ouch, you are starting to hit hard, you beast.” Sam said.

“I do not need to be alone, you silly goose, you said yourself he was cool.” Madison said.

“Yeah, he is, so let’s go have a threesome and don’t hit me again.” Sam said and laughed.

Lunch came quickly and he sat in his chair, waiting for Madison to arrive. He saw her and her friend walk in and he felt a little disappointed. Not that he did not like her pretty friend, but he thought he couldn’t ask her to climb on the ladder with Sam here. They pulled up stools and pulled out their lunches. Sam had on yoga pants which made her tight ass look amazing. However, his eyes were laser focused on Madison’s legs and the little yellow panties which were very visible as she sat on the stool.

“So, Mr. Thomas, do you have anything you need my help with today?” Madison said and he looked at her and wondered if he should dare. She was looking at him with such hope, he hated to disappoint her.

“Well, those lights over there went out a week or so ago and the maintenance guys just now brought the replacement bulbs. It is awful high, I can wait and let the janitors do it.” He said and she looked at the open lights.

“Nonsense, I like helping. I can take care of them, it is just those two, right?” She said and Sam looked at her with a smirk.

“Yes, just those, I think you can reach them with the ladder.” He said.

“No problem, where are the bulbs?” She said. He pulled out a small box and slid it over to her; there were two bulbs that looked like flood lights. He touched them and was happy that they were not still warm as he just took them out an hour ago.

“You will have to hold the ladder for me, Sam’s legs are hurting so she has to stay here and rest.” Madison said and she got another smirk from Sam.

Madison walked over to the ladder and moved it under the first light. He handed her a bulb and she started to climb. She had to get on the second to last step to reach, she held onto the top of the cabinets next to her and reached up. Hank Thomas looked up and saw a beautiful teenage ass wrapped in yellow material surrounded by perfect thighs and legs.

Sam watched her friend screw in the light bulb and Mr. Thomas blatantly look up her skirt. She had a weird friend; she did not understand why Madison did some of the things she did. Mr. Thomas seemed to be really enjoying it, duh. Sam looked at her and wondered how she was able to stay so sweet and innocent yet allow this old man to look up her skirt. Also, she seemed to like it. This was so foreign to her; she needed to have a long talk with Madison.

Madison screwed in the first bulb and climbed down the ladder so they could move it. She looked at Mr. Thomas and he looked a little dazed. His eyes were wide, and he was starting to sweat a little. Madison smiled at him and then started climbing again. She could feel his eyes on her legs and then on her panties. It was almost like his eyes were warming her butt. She shuffled her feet a little as she got to the step. She heard a small gasp.

Hank Thomas struggled as he held the ladder and looked up to see those wonderful yellow panties. He was amazed at how tight they were and how they framed her young ass so well. God, how he wanted so much to see and touch that little ass. He felt his cock fighting to stay in his pants. He looked over at Sam and she was watching him. This was surreal, he should not be doing this. He looked down and tried not to stare, his strength faded quickly, and he raised his eyes and locked back onto the yellow.

Sam continued to stare at the old man and her friend. She did not understand. All her own encounters with older men were either creepy or scary. How did Madison do this, she had Mr. Thomas under her spell as well as all the other old guys in her life. She watched Madison slowly climb down and Mr. Thomas eventually move aside so she could get down. Madison straightened her skirt and looked up at him.

“See, no problem. Do you need help putting up the ladder?” She said.

“No, that is alright, I will take care of that.” Mr. Thomas said, a little shaky.

“Ok, we have to get going so we are not late to 4th period. You have a great weekend, Mr. Thomas.” She said and picked up her backpack.

“You too Madison. Sam, it was nice seeing you again, you have a great weekend as well.” Mr. Thomas said and watched his two cute friends walk out of his classroom.

“How do you do that?” Sam said as they walked down the hall.

“What?” Madison said.

“He obviously looked up your skirt the whole time you were on the ladder, doesn’t that creep you out?” Sam said.

“You know, it is weird, for some reason I am not creeped out, I actually like it. I know he loves it and that makes me feel good. Am I strange?” Madison said.

“Yes, you are. You were strange already, now you have moved to a whole new level.” Sam said and Madison laughed.

“Yeah, I know. It is kind of cool though. Do you want to climb the ladder next time?” Madison said and took her friend’s hand.

“Maybe.” Sam said softly and Madison smiled.

The rest of Friday sailed by and Madison was walking to the locker room. Sam came up beside her.

“You ready for tomorrow, rock star. Jefferson will be gunning for you.” Sam said.

“I think so, are you and coach cooking up another secret plan?” Madison said and smiled.

“Nope, I may not even run, depends on how I feel in the morning. You are on your own.” Sam said and Madison stopped and looked at her.

“I am worried about you; we are way too young to have weird leg pain. Are you going to the doctor?” Madison said and grabbed her hand. Sam worked hard to keep a smile on her face.

“Yes, rock star, my mom is trying to get an appointment. I will keep you in the loop.” Sam said and smiled. Madison did not smile back.

“Please try and figure it out. I don’t want anything bad to happen to you.” Madison said with a serious face.

“Will do.” Sam said and started walking, holding her hand. Madison did not see the tear drop out of her right eye. Sam wiped it off and put on a big smile.

Madison dressed in her practice clothes as Sam was in the bathroom. She waited for her and Sam came out fully dressed. She was holding her clothes as she walked to the bench. They walked out to the track and Madison wondered what was going on with her friend. Her worries impacted her workout and coach pulled her aside.

“Madison, how are you feeling?” Coach said.

“I am fine coach, just a lot on my mind today.” Madison said.

“Ok, let me know if I can help. You are ready for tomorrow; you have worked very hard. Take it easy the rest of the day and clear your mind.” Coach said and he realized again she was only a freshman as he looked at that cute face.

“Thanks coach.” She said and flashed that pretty smile. He could not help but smile back at her.

She took off running. She was performing so well he tended to treat her like the older girls. He watched her run down the track and he shook his head, wondering if he was putting too much pressure on a 14-yr-old.

Madison walked back into the locker room and Sam was already dressed, sitting on the bench. She walked up to her friend.

“Are you going to be stinky again?” Madison said as she pulled off her top, her boobs bouncing free.

“I don’t think I even broke a sweat today. What was coach talking to you about?” Sam said as she watched Madison’s breasts hang down as she pulled off her shorts.

“Doctor, right?” Madison said and tossed her sweaty shorts down.

“Yes, master. Now please get into the shower so we can go.” Sam said and slapped Madison on the butt.

Madison squealed and laughed and then walked into the shower. Sam watched her and wanted to just hug her and kiss her. She loved the hugs and kisses. She sat and waited for her cute friend.

Madison came out of the shower rubbing a towel on her hair. Sam loved seeing her naked. She was so pretty. Sam watched her dress and they walked out of the locker room, holding hands. They started to walk home.

“So, can you sleep over tonight? Daddy said it was ok and we can take you to the meet in the morning.” Madison said.

“Probably not, I will ask again and call you.” Sam said and Madison heard the sadness in her voice. Her heart hurt for her friend. She squeezed her hand.

They made it to Sam’s house and Madison noticed the car was gone. Sam stopped and looked at her.

“Let’s go ask again. Come with me?” Sam said and Madison nodded.

They walked into her house. Madison saw her mom sitting at the kitchen table. She was in a robe and she was drinking coffee. Her hair was kind of a mess. She looked up to them as they entered and started to try and fix her hair. Madison thought she looked tired.

“Hey, Mom, can I spend the night at Madison’s? They can take me to the meet tomorrow.” Sam said and her mom smiled.

“Yes, sweetie, that would help a lot. I have to work at 7:00 in the morning.” Her mom said.

“Thanks mom, I will go get my stuff.” She said and pulled Madison behind her.

Madison watched her stuff her clothes in her bag and loved the fact that her friend looked happier all of a sudden. She liked seeing her smile.

“So, I guess we are going to the Thompsons after the meet, right? I need to bring a suit.” Sam said.

“Yep, I talked to Katie and we are all good.” Madison said.

“Cool, I like their house.” Sam said.

“Yeah, me too.” Madison said and took a deep breath.

They finished and went back downstairs. Sam’s mom was still sitting at the kitchen table. She smiled at them when they walked in.

“Do you have your medicine, sweetie?” Her mom said.

“Yes, mom. We will probably go to the Thompsons after the meet.” Sam said.

“That is fine, baby. I don’t get off until 6:00 or so. Do you need me to pick you up?” Her mom said.

“No, Mrs. Simmons, we will bring her home.” Madison said.

“Madison, thank you so much and thank your daddy for allowing Sam to stay over.” Her mom said.

“No problem, maam, I love having Sam with me.” She said and hugged her friend.

“You are a good friend, thank you.” She said.

Sam hugged her mom. Madison saw her mom run her hand up and down Sam’s back as she hugged her.

“I love you Mom.” Madison heard Sam say as she hugged her mom.

“I love you too, baby.” Her mom said.

They walked out of Sam’s house and headed to Madison’s house.

“I am glad you can stay over.” Madison said.

“Yeah, me too. What are we going to do tonight?” Sam said.

“Well, I was thinking we could get in our jammies and kiss all night.” Madison said and smiled.

“Ok.” Sam said and Madison looked at her friend. Sam started to laugh.

“You are turning into quite a perv.” Sam said.

“But do you like me as a perv?” Madison said and pulled her arm against her.

“Yeah, I am stuck with you.” Sam said.

Barry Jones saw Madison and Sam walking up the sidewalk. He felt the familiar tingle in his lower body as he watched the two young cuties. Sam in yoga pants was quite a treat but Madison in that little skirt was special. He let go of Roscoe and the little furry missile headed for the girls. He heard squealing and laughing and got another glimpse of those yellow panties. He took a deep breath.

“Hey, Mr. Jones, how are you today?” Madison said as she walked onto his porch.

“I am good, sweetie. How are you guys?” He said as she sat on the swing next to him, her legs touching his as she made room for Sam to sit.

“We are good, Sam is spending the night.” Madison said as Roscoe licked her neck.

“That will be fun, what are you guys going to do?” He said and Madison giggled. She looked at Sam and laughed again at her face.

“We will probably just watch a movie or something. We have to get up early for the meet tomorrow. Are you coming to watch us?” She said and he nodded.

“Goodie, I love it when you are there.” She said and leaned into him.

“Sam, are you excited for the meet?” He said, trying to draw Sam into the conversation.

“Yes, sir, but I may not run, I have been hurt this week.” She said.

“Oh, I am sorry, what happened?” He said.

“My legs have been bothering me.” She said.

“I am sorry, I hope you feel better.” He said.

“You know, Mr. Jones, I think hot chocolate would help her to feel better.” Madison said.

“Really, you think?” He said and she nodded. He laughed and she laughed with him.

They all got up and walked into the kitchen. He whipped up the chocolate and placed it in front of them. Madison grabbed her drink and pushed her chair around. He wondered what she was doing and then he had two cute feet on his lap again. He looked at her and she was smiling sweetly. He smiled and started to rub her feet. She moaned and leaned back in her chair. He thought that was a nice sight.

“Sam, this is wonderful, you should be next.” Madison said, keeping her eyes closed.

Barry rubbed on her, tugging on her toes and just moving his hands all over her wonderful feet. He was pretty sure he was enjoying this as much as her. He looked down at her cute toes and his hard cock only inches away. He could picture his cum coating those toes and running down her foot. He shook his head to clear his thoughts.

“Mr. Jones, that was great, do Sam now.” She said and pulled her feet away. Madison looked at Sam with a menacing smile. Sam sighed and put her feet on his lap.

Barry touched a second pair of incredibly cute feet. He ran his fingers between her toes, and he heard her moan. She was leaning back with her eyes closed. Madison walked around behind her friend and put her hands on her shoulders. She rubbed her softly and kissed her on the forehead. Sam moaned again and Madison felt her shoulders slump as she relaxed.

Sam felt herself let go as Madison rubbed her shoulders. Mr. Jones was amazing as he rubbed her feet. Her body relaxed for the first time in a long time, and she let her mind just wander. Madison’s fingers felt so nice on her.

Barry Jones was amazed at how much Sam’s body changed when Madison walked behind her and stared rubbing her shoulders. He even felt her feet and legs relax. He was sad a little as he realized she must have been incredibly stressed before this, he thought it was sad that a 14-yr-old was stressed at all. He continued to rub the little feet and tried to keep her relaxed for as long as possible.

“That feels nice.” Sam said and looked up at her friend. Madison looked down at her and then bent down and kissed her lightly on the lips.

“So does that.” Madison said and Sam smiled. She reached up and held Madison’s hand.

“Thank you.” She said and closed her eyes. Madison felt a lump in her throat as she looked at her friend.

Barry thought it was hot being able to rub her feet but then he watched Madison kiss her and his poor cock almost burst out of his pants. These girls were driving him insane. He felt Sam pull her feet back and then she sat up in her chair. Madison was hugging her from behind.

“I think we have to go, Mr. Jones. Daddy will be home soon.” Madison said.

“Thank you for visiting me. It was nice.” He said.

“Thank you for the hot chocolate and the foot rubs. You have another skill to add to your list.” Madison said and walked over to him.

He felt her move close and then kiss him. He felt her little tongue slide into his mouth, and he kissed her back. He held onto her as they kissed like lovers. He felt his whole body get warm as the young girl ran her tongue around his mouth. He felt her pull back eventually and she looked at him.

“You are really good at that, no wonder your wife was always smiling.” Madison said and he hugged her. He was starting to think that this girl just might be an angel.

Sam watched her weird friend kiss her neighbor. He was old enough to be her grandfather, but she was kissing him like a boyfriend. Sam realized she had never even kissed a boyfriend like that. She saw him hug her and that made her hope that he would hug her as well.

“Mr. Jones, you have to kiss Sam goodbye as well.” Madison said as she pulled back from the long hug.

“Madison, you should not put your friend in a situation like that, how do you know she wants to do that?” Barry said.

“Sam, do you want to kiss Mr. Jones?” Madison said to Sam. Sam looked at her friend and then at him. If a kiss meant she would get a hug she was all in. She nodded and Madison giggled as she saw his face.

Madison held out her hand and Sam took it. Madison pulled her closer and then moved back and pushed her onto his lap.

Barry looked at the young blonde girl. She was so different from Madison but so beautiful in her own way. He stayed still and let her lead. She leaned forward and kissed him gently. He felt her pull back.

“Sam, just like you kiss me.” Madison said and touched her shoulder.

She leaned in again and Barry felt her soft lips touch his. She kept them there and then he felt her warm tongue slip into his mouth. He returned the kiss and held her small body. She kissed for a few seconds and then pulled back.

“Mr. Jones, how was that?” Madison said.

“Wonderful, Sam, you are a good kisser.” He said.

“This is one of Mr. Jones’s superpowers.” Madison said.

Barry looked at the little blonde sitting on his lap. Her face looked different, like she had a question.

“What is it honey?” He said and he saw her take a deep breath.

“Mr. Jones, can I have a hug?” She said and he felt his heart skip.

He wrapped his arms around the small girl and hugged her. He felt her body fall into him, and he tried to surround her completely her with his arms. She sat in the hug and he felt her relax again.

Madison put her hand to her mouth. She saw Mr. Jones hug her friend and Sam snuggle into his arms. Her eyes were closed as her head laid on his chest. She decided that they would stay here as long as this hug needed to last. She sat down.

Barry held the girl for at least 5 minutes and then he felt her take a deep breath. He felt her move and he unwrapped his arms. He kept a hand on her back and held her hands.

“Thank you, that was nice.” She said.

“I am here anytime you need that.” He said.

“Thank you.” She said and stood.

Sam reached for Madison and she took her hand. They picked up their backpacks.

“Thank you again, Mr. Jones. We will see you tomorrow?” Madison said.

“You bet, have a great night.” He said and they walked out of his house.

He waited until they were next door before he pulled out his cock. It barely took him 10 seconds and then he grabbed a napkin. He stood slowly; he was getting too old for this.

Henry heard the door and Madison and Sam walked in. He was glad Sam could stay over; he knew how much Madison liked that.

“Hey girls, how was your day? I hope you are hungry.” He said and pulled the chicken out of the oven. Madison ran over and hugged him.

“Daddy, why are you home so early?” She said.

“We had a meeting with Mr. Barr and then Mr. Thompson said to take the rest of the day off. So, I thought I would cook dinner for my best girl.” He said and she took a deep breath.

“How did the meeting go?” She said.

“It went good, Barr is tough, but he seems to be happy to work with us. I am excited.” Henry said and Madison exhaled. Why was she so worried all of a sudden?

“Daddy, I am so proud of you.” She said and hugged him again. She was truly happy that he was so excited, even though she knew they had the account because she let Mr. Barr stick his cock in her.

“Well, I have something for you.” He said and reached into his pocket.

“What?” She said and he handed her a credit card. It was very shiny and gold. She looked up at him.

“Be very careful with that. It is all yours and you can use it to buy anything you want, well, maybe not a house.” He said and she laughed.

“Daddy, I don’t understand.” She said, turning the card over in her hands.

“Baby, we have enough money now to allow you to have a little fun. You can go out and get some new clothes or whatever you want.” He said.

“Really?” She said.

“Yes, baby, we can start to enjoy ourselves for a change. By the way, look in the living room.” He said and she walked over.

She saw a huge TV screen attached to the wall. She looked back at her daddy and he had a big smile on his face. She hugged him again.

“Oh, by the way, Katie wanted you to call her when you got home. Dinner will be ready in 15 minutes if you want to call her now.” He said.

“Cool, we will call her from my room.” Madison said and ran up the stairs, pulling Sam behind her.

They jumped on her bed and she pulled out her phone. She dialed the number and put it on speaker.

“Hello?” She heard Katie’s voice.

“Hi Katie, Sam is here too. Daddy said you wanted to talk to me.” Madison said.

“Yes, Hi Sam. What did you girls have planned for tonight?” Katie said.

“Well, daddy is making dinner and then we were going to get into our pajamas and kiss all night.” Madison said and giggled as Sam made a face.

“Well, I am not sure I can compete with that, but I realized it was Friday and you guys have a meet tomorrow. I called the shop and Gerard is very excited to see you. Do you guys want to go to the shop tonight? He is free at 7.” Katie said.

Madison looked at Sam and she was nodding her head.

“I would love that, Sam, do you want to go?” Madison said.

“Yes, please.” Sam said softly as she remembered Gerard’s wonderful hands. Katie laughed.

“Ok, it is settled, we will pick you guys up around 6:45.” Katie said.

“Thank you, Katie, We can’t wait.” Madison said.

“See you girls soon.” Katie said.

“Bye.” Madison said and hung up. She looked at her friend.

“So, since we cannot kiss all night now how about we just kiss until dinner is ready?” Madison said and slid over to Sam.

Madison got up on one elbow and looked down at Sam who was now laying on her back. She saw the look on Sam’s face and leaned over. She felt her lips touch Sam’s and it was wonderful. She pulled back.

“Do you like kissing me?” Madison said and Sam nodded.

“Good.” Madison said and put her lips onto her friend again.

This time she opened her mouth and slid her tongue into her mouth. She heard Sam moan beneath her, and she put her hand on Sam’s cheek. Madison felt Sam’s tongue moving into hers and she loved it. She realized she loved the taste of her friend and she suddenly looked forward to when she could taste all of her. She ran her hand down Sam’s cheek and onto her shoulder. She ran it down her arms and grabbed her hand, intertwining her fingers. She felt Sam grab her hand and squeeze as they kissed on her bed.

“Girls, supper is ready.” Henry’s voice from downstairs.

Madison pulled away from Sam slowly and her face was flushed. Her eyes looked out of focus for a second and then she looked up at her. Madison leaned in and kissed her gently.

“Samantha Simmons, I love you. After we get back from seeing Gerard, I am going to kiss you until your lips are tired.” Madison said.

“Ok.” Sam said and pulled Madison into a hug.

Madison felt Sam’s strong arms wrap around her and hold her in place. She let her friend hug her as her head nestled against her chest. Sam let her go after a minute and they walked downstairs to a wonderful dinner.

“Daddy, that was so good.” Madison said and Henry smiled.

“I am glad you guys liked it, I thought it would be nice to have a home-cooked meal for a change.” He said.

“We talked to Katie and she wants to take us to the spa tonight to see Gerard. Is it ok?” Madison said.

“Gerard, he was the one that took care of you last time and you ran so good the next day?” Henry said.

“Yes, daddy, he has magic fingers.” Madison said and Sam giggled.

“Magic fingers, well then, of course you can go.” Henry said and Madison laughed.

“Thanks daddy, Katie is picking us up at 6:45.” Madison said and Henry looked at his watch. Madison smiled.

“Good thing I said ok.” He said and she smiled shyly.

Madison and Sam cleaned off the table and washed all the dishes. Madison walked into the living room and sat on Henry’s lap. She wrapped her arms around his neck.

“I love you daddy.” She said with her head on his chest.

“I love you too baby.” He said. Sam smiled as she saw her friend hugging her daddy.

The doorbell rang 15 minutes later, and Madison opened the door. Katie was standing there dressed in an incredibly cute summer dress. Madison was impressed again at how nice her boobs looked in everything she wore. She hoped hers would look as good as that one day. She thought she was off to a good start, especially if you asked any of her old guys.

“Hi Katie.” Madison said and hugged her, burying her head in those wonderful breasts.

“Hi sweetie, you guys ready?” Katie said as she held the young girl.

“Yes, we can’t wait.” Madison said and continued to hug Katie.

“Ok, sweetheart, you have to let me go so I can say hi to your daddy.” Katie said and Madison pulled back.

“Hi Katie, thank you for taking the girls. They are looking forward to it.” He said and shook her hand.

“Henry, they are wonderful girls and it really is my pleasure.” Katie said and smiled at Madison. Madison remembered Katie’s face when she was kissing her between her legs. She smiled as she realized what Katie meant now.

“Ok, I will see you guys later.” Henry said and watched Katie walk down the driveway with a girl in each hand. He did like the look of that dress, especially the way Katie filled it out. His boss was a lucky man.

Katie sat in the middle of the two cute girls, and she held both their hands. She loved being near Madison again, Sam being here was a bonus. She looked at Sam, she was such a lovely girl. Her face was perfect, and her long blonde hair was amazing. She remembered her body from last weekend, and she felt a tingle between her legs when she thought of her and Madison kissing all night. That would be fun to watch. Katie felt a shiver run through her body as she imagined two pretty girls lying in a bed.

“Katie, thank you for reminding me. I can’t wait to see Gerard again.” Madison said.

“He was giddy when I called him, he is really excited to see you guys.” Katie said.

“Katie, I miss hanging out with you. Do you think we could spend the night tomorrow since we will be at your house already?” Madison said and squeezed Katie’s hand. Katie looked at the young girl and wondered if there would ever be anything she would refuse to give her.

“I would love that, sweetheart, did you ask your daddy?” Katie said.

“No, I just thought of it.” She said and giggled.

“Well, if you get the ok from your parents it is ok with me.” She said.

“Thank you, Katie. Sam, you are coming too so we can stop by your mom’s work and ask her tomorrow after the meet.” Madison said.

“As you wish, my queen.” Sam said and Katie laughed.

Madison looked at both of them seriously for a split second and then broke into a laugh.

Aaron looked in the rearview mirror and loved what he saw. His back seat had not had that much beauty in it at one time ever. He rubbed his cock when he thought of tomorrow and all three of them running around the pool. Life was good.

They pulled up in front of the shop and he held open the door as all three of them scrambled out of the car. Madison pulled Sam to the door.

“Thank you, Aaron, we will be done in around an hour. You are so sweet to take us this late. How will I ever repay you?” Katie said and kissed his cheek.

“Oh, I can think of a few ways.” He said and hugged her.

“You naughty boy. My husband will be mad.” She said and pulled away from him.

“Only if he can’t watch.” Aaron said and she laughed.

He watched her amazing ass as she walked to the door. How did he get so lucky to be surrounded by so many wonderful girls? He got back into the car and tried to figure out what he could do for an hour.

Madison saw Gerard leaning on the desk talking to a lady. She walked up and stood next to him. He finished talking and looked down. She almost jumped when he squealed.

“Miss Madison. Oh, my day is complete.” Gerard said and hugged her.

“Oh, my lord, Miss Samantha as well, I am overrun with riches tonight.” He said and Sam giggled.

“Chopped liver over here.” Katie said and Gerard looked at her.

“Miss Katie, never at any time in this world would you ever be considered chopped liver. I am simply surrounded by so much beauty I am overwhelmed.” He said and fanned himself. All the girls laughed.

He led them to the small room with the wonderful robes and slippers. Madison was naked in seconds and wrapped in the robe.

“My word, young lady, you got out of those clothes way too fast. Miss Katie still has a lot to teach you.” Gerard said and Madison laughed.

“She has taught me quite a bit.” Madison said with an evil smile.

“Madison.” Katie said, blushing slightly.

“I can only imagine, Miss Katie is a woman with endless talents, you would be wise to learn from her.” Gerard said and smiled.

Madison looked over and Sam was pulling on her robe, she caught a quick peek at her body and felt the familiar tingle when she looked at her friend naked. She walked over and grabbed Sam’s hand.

Gerard led them out to the chairs. They all climbed up and Gerard was quickly filling the tubs with warm water. Soon all of them had their feet soaking. Gerard started with Sam and rubbed her feet like a magician. Sam leaned back with her eyes closed as she got her second foot rub of the day.

“Miss Katie, do you want the full package tonight?” Gerard said as he rubbed the feet of the pretty little blonde.

“Well, Madison will be very disappointed if she doesn’t get her massage, at least the leg part.” Katie said.

“Oh please, Mr. Gerard.” Madison said and Gerard smiled.

“As you wish, my lovely. I will take care of you myself since I had to give you to Miss Gloria last time. I will just need to see who we have here as even I cannot handle three ladies at once.” Gerard said.

“Thank you, Mr. Gerard.” Madison said and leaned back.

Gerard finished with the three girls and excused himself as they sat with their feet in warm water. He returned in a couple of minutes with two girls.

“Miss Katie, this is Scarlett, she will be taking care of you tonight. She is terrific, do not be afraid to guide her.” Gerard said and Katie held out her hand. The young girl took her hand and helped her off the stand.

Madison watched Katie walk off with the pretty girl. She wondered what was going to happen in that room. She knew what happened last time with Miss Gloria, Scarlett was very pretty, it looked like Katie would have a good time.

“Miss Samantha, this is Amanda, she will be taking care of you tonight. Amanda, these two are athletes, focus on the legs and feet for this evening.” Gerard said and helped Sam off the stand.

“Yes, sir. Come with me sweetheart.” Amanda said and led Sam away.

“Now, my little princess, are you ready?” Gerard said.

“Oh yes.” Madison said and Gerard smiled.

He led her to the small white room. He closed the door and turned to her. He took her face in his hands.

“You are so precious. Thank you so much for coming to visit me this evening.” He said and reached down to untie her robe. Madison looked down and then back up to him.

“Are you comfortable with the same type of massage as we did at Miss Katie’s pool?” He said and she nodded.

He slipped the robe off of her shoulders and she heard him gasp as he looked at her standing in only her slippers.

“You are so beautiful; I will never get tired of looking at you. You are a special girl.” He said and helped her onto the table. He pulled off her slippers and walked to the end of the table near her head.

He looked down at the young girl and he was starstruck. Her body was perfect, so smooth and tight and yet enough curves to attract the attention of anyone. He rubbed oil on his hands and touched her shoulders, he felt her flinch and then moan as he rubbed the strong muscles. He worked on her shoulders and arms and watched her breasts move as he worked. Her nipples were stiff and looked so kissable. Gerard loved his boyfriends, but he was moved by beauty of all kinds. Miss Katie was the only woman that ever caused him to react until this little creature walked into his shop.

He ran his hands over her breasts and loved the look of them glistening with oil. She moaned again as he rubbed across her nipples. He leaned over and kissed a stiff nipple.

“Oh, Gerard, that feels so good.” Madison whimpered but her eyes remained closed.

Gerard smiled and sucked on the small nipple. He moved to the side and started on her leg. He pulled her leg closer to him, causing her smooth pussy to open. He would get to that soon. He rubbed the strong thigh and moved to her calf. He worked on the other leg and laid it down on the table. He looked at her and she opened her eyes.

“Gerard, please.” She said and he saw her legs open slightly.

“Certainly, baby, relax and let Mr. Gerard make you feel better.” He said and moved to the end of the table.

He pulled her closer slowly and soon her legs were spread with her feet sitting on the edge of the table. Her young pussy was open inches from Gerard’s face. He leaned over and kissed her softly between her legs. She moaned and he saw that she was already getting wet. He licked slowly, tasting her juices. He loved her taste, and he ran his tongue slowly up and down her opening. He heard her breathing starting to speed up.

He pulled back and he saw hips move slightly, pushing up towards him. He leaned back in and kissed her open pussy. He moved his tongue up to her small clit and ran over it slowly. He felt her move and licked it again. He knew he could bring her to orgasm quickly, but he needed to make it special for her. He slowly licked her and ran his tongue into her. She was so warm and sweet, he loved this girl’s pussy, he could do this all day.

Madison was in heaven, her body felt so good after he finished rubbing it and now he was in between her legs. He was magic there as well as she felt him pushing her to pleasure and then pulling her back. She felt it building more and more as he teased her. She was moving her hips as his tongue made love to her. She felt him lick her button and then suck on it. Finally, she felt her body lose control and the pleasure exploded through her.

Gerard held the powerful thighs as she climaxed on his table. He looked up and her breasts were shaking as was the rest of her. Her eyes were closed, and her mouth was open. He wished he had a picture of this on his wall, it was inspirational. This girl was very special.

Madison felt her body slowly recover and she felt weightless on the table. Her muscles were totally relaxed, and she was not sure she could stand even if she wanted to. She saw him move and he was looking down at her. He leaned over and kissed her gently.

“You are quite the girl; you make me question my life little one.” Gerard said and she smiled.

“Thank you, you are wonderful. I love you.” She said softly.

“I love you too little bird.” He said and kissed her again.

He started cleaning up as she laid on the table and tried to get her muscles to fire. Her legs were hanging off the table and he walked over between them. He took her hands and pulled her to a sitting position. He wrapped his arms around her. She felt his hands on her back. She put her arms around his body and hugged him.

Katie was waiting in the room with Sam. They were dressed and Madison was still not back.

“Sam, how was Amanda?” Katie said.

“She was great, my legs feel much better, but my feet feel really great.” She said.

“Yeah, Gerard is good with feet.” Katie said and she saw Sam looking at her.

“Katie, why are you being so nice to us?” She said and Katie saw a slight look of sadness in her eyes.

“Baby, you and your crazy little friend are incredibly cool, and I wonder sometimes why you hang out with me.” She said.

“But we are just kids and not even related to you. You and Mr. Thompson probably have much cooler friends than us.” Sam said and Katie moved over to Sam and took her hands.

“Sam, you are amazing, and anyone would be honored to hang out with you. I love you and I love it when you are around. You are welcome at my house anytime and I hope you let me be around you until you grow up and get too cool for me.” She said and Sam smiled.

“Thank you, I promise never to get too cool for you.” Sam said. Katie leaned over and kissed her gently.

Sam hugged her and Katie felt the strength in the young girl’s arms as she wrapped them around her. She held the hug and quickly figured out this one was going to last for a bit. She put her right hand on the back of Sam’s head and rubbed.

“Well, at least they found something to do while they were waiting for us.” Gerard said and quickly caught his breath when he saw the tears on Sam’s face as Katie pulled away from the hug. She wiped her cheeks quickly and looked up at them with a smile.

“Well, it’s about time, rock star, we figured you guys fell asleep.” Sam said.

“Sorry guys, my fault, I couldn’t get my body to work.” Madison said and sat in the chair.

“Likely story, I am still going with the nap, we have been in here forever.” Sam said and Madison giggled.

Gerard watched the girls and looked at Katie. She looked at him with as much confusion as he felt. He felt like there was something else here, but he couldn’t put his finger on it yet. He would have to try and see these girls more, it bothered him not knowing everything that was happening with his clients, especially his special ones.

Aaron held the door as his princesses climbed into the back seat.

“Everything go good, ladies?” He said as he buckled his belt.

“Oh yes, it was wonderful. Thank you for bringing us Aaron.” Madison said.

“No problem baby girl.” He said and pulled into traffic.

They pulled into Madison’s driveway and stopped. Madison hugged Katie and kissed her, moving her tongue into her mouth. She pulled back after a minute and looked at Katie.

“I will see you tomorrow, right?” Madison said.

“Absolutely, I would not miss it for the world.” Katie said and Madison smiled.

“Good, now kiss Sam good night.” Madison said and climbed into the front seat.

Sam and Katie watched Madison climb over the seat and then sit on Aaron’s lap with her arms around his neck. They shrugged and Katie kissed Sam. She felt the young girl shiver and then she slid her tongue slowly into her mouth. She felt her open her lips and then she felt the warm little tongue meet hers. She was obsessed with these two girls.

“Aaron, are you coming to watch me run?” Madison said.

“Yes, maam.” He said.

“And you will be at the Thompson’s house tomorrow, we are coming over after the meet.” She said.

“Yes, maam.” He said.

“Good, because we have not practiced in a while.” She said and he felt her lower her body and her little butt wiggle over his cock, which hardened instantly. She smiled as she sat on it while it grew.

“You are the devil, little girl.” He whispered.

“You think I am evil?” She said and moved her hips slowly.

“Pure evil and wrapped in a pretty package so no one would ever suspect.” He said and she smiled.

She leaned into him and kissed him. She missed his kisses; she ran her tongue into his mouth, and she felt his meet hers. They kissed for a while until she heard Sam clear her throat from the back seat.

“You guys want us to get out so you can be alone?” Sam said and Madison pulled back from him slowly.

“Don’t you worry, Miss Simmons. As soon as we get out of this car, I am going to kiss you for a long time.” Madison said as she looked at Aaron. She saw his eyes light up, she knew he was thinking of her and Sam kissing. She moved her mouth close to his ear.

“I am going to kiss her all over.” Madison whispered in his ear and moved her hips on him.

“Pure fucking evil.” He whispered and she giggled.

Aaron watched them walk up to the house and wave at them. They went in and he looked at Katie in the rearview.

“So, do you think we can make it home before I fuck you senseless?” Aaron said.

“Yeah, we probably should. I will call Brad and have him meet us in the driveway because I will for sure not be able to wait long enough to get into the house.” She said and he saw her start unbuttoning her dress.

He jammed the car into gear and tried not to get a speeding ticket on the way home.

Barry Jones was torn as he sat in front of his computer, holding the small piece of paper. He had been happy to help Henry when he called, he still had contacts in the industry. Barry looked at the paper in his hands, written on it was the address and password for the new security system protecting the home of Henry and Madison. He knew he should just get up and walk into the kitchen. His finger hovered over the icon and he did not feel it, but the icon opened and he was looking at the password screen.

He closed his eyes and struggled. He opened them and the password was entered. He felt his finger move and then a list appeared on the screen. His mouse hovered over the line – “Bedroom Two”. He pulled away from the mouse. He took a deep breath, but he knew he would not have the strength. That little white skirt this morning and those yellow panties clouded his mind. He clicked and the screen opened.

Madison and Sam walked into her bedroom. Madison took Sam into her arms and started kissing her. She ran her hands down her friend’s body. She loved how soft and firm it was. She pulled back and looked at Sam.

“We should get into our jammies.” Madison said and Sam nodded.

She started unbuttoning Sam’s shirt while her neighbor watched closely.

