                                   Initiation
                                  By Lust 4 Life

Set in the future, after a major planet wide catastrophe and population implosion, 
breeding partners are selected by the government Genetic Match Organization to 
optimize the future gene pool. Usually different pairings are used for each child. Young 
people are introduced to the breeding program in a special ceremony at age 16. 
M+F+/Impreg

Intro

Jolean was giddy with excitement, eagerness, anticipation, and yes, a bit of trepidation, as 
she (and the rest of her classmates) prepared for the First Pairing. Would she get a hunk? 
Or a toad? Or someone in between? Would it be as good as she anticipated? Or would it 
be a disappointment?

She thought back over the last year, and how the sexual tension had been building 
between the boys and girls. The sexual teasing, innuendo, and out right sexual comments 
had been increasing as everyone knew their big day was drawing closer. They had of 
course all grown up in this society and knew that at the end of the year, when everyone in 
her class had turned 16, they would be paired for their first breeding. And that after the 
women gave birth to their first child, they would again be paired, usually with a different 
male, to produce another child, and so on.

Most of the kids knew the history and reasons, but they had reviewed it in class this year. 
After the catastrophe, the human race had been decimated with only a few thousand 
surviving. In order for the race to survive, it was essential to increase the population as 
quickly as possible, which meant producing lots of babies. However, due to the small size 
of the remaining population, the government run, Genetic Match Organization (GMO) 
selected the breeding partners to maximize genetic diversity and build strong genetic 
traits. They learned that once the world had been so populous, birth control was used to 
limit population growth  that certainly seemed like a weird idea in these times where 
babies were highly desired. They also learned that until they were pregnant, they were to 
mate only with their assigned partners, but once pregnancy was established, they could 
fuck anyone they wanted, until they gave birth, after which they were to abstain until they 
were assigned a new breeding partner. The first partner was usually a class mate, also a 
virgin, but after the first child, she might be paired with any adult in the village or 
sometimes, even beyond.

As the year progressed, the girls started dressing more alluringly, trying to turn on the 
boys, and enjoyed seeing them suffering with unrelieved bulges in their pants. The boys 
teased the girls about how they would soon be swelling up with their first babies. The 
girls would tease the boys, asking them if they thought theyd be able to keep it up long 
enough to satisfy their hungry pussies. Jolean certainly knew the basics. On more than 
one occasion she had watched her mother or an older sister, with her legs in the air, a man 
thrusting away between her legs, his balls slapping against her ass, until he shuddered in 
orgasm, emptying his seed into her.

The Pairing

The big day had finally arrived. Jolean knew that today she (and each of the other girls in 
her class) would be introduced to their first breeding partner, and that she would then get 
to feel her first male cock, enjoy her first fuck, take her first load of sperm into her virgin 
pussy, and hopefully before long, become pregnant and start swelling with her first baby. 
She knew her mother and siblings would be in the audience today, proudly watching as 
she and the other kids all marched out on stage, naked before each other for the first time, 
to learn their pairings and to then hurry off to enjoy what in olden times had been referred 
to as marital bliss.

Jolean had gotten up early this morning, butterflies of anticipation in her stomach. After a 
shower, she had hurried off to the school, ahead of her mother and siblings. On the way 
she ran into several of her girl friends and they in turn ran into a number of the boys. 
Everyone knew that by the end of the day, each penis would have been wrapped in a 
warm wet pussy, that each vagina would have been stretch by a hard cock and taken at 
least one load of hot baby making come. At this point, none of them knew what the 
assignments would be. They all knew that any one of the members of the opposite sex 
could be the one they would be fucking later today.

Finally, the girls headed off to their locker room to strip down and get ready for the 
presentation. Jolean removed her clothes, carefully folding each piece and putting them in 
her clothes bin, until she was standing naked. Soon all of the girls were standing naked, 
ready to go. They giggled amongst themselves as they talked about how horny the guys 
would be seeing them all standing there naked for the first time. They wondered if the 
boys would all have hard-ons during the assignments, or if that would only happen later.

Soon it was time and they all headed out on stage, the boys and girls forming two lines on 
opposite sides of the large stage, boys and girls about to become men and women. The 
first place Jolean looked was at the line of naked boys. And yes, while some of the boys 
were still limp, many had partial or full erections standing up in eager anticipation. 
Which one was going to be filling her this afternoon, shooting her first load of baby 
making sperm into wet pussy? Then she looked out at the audience, all proud relatives of 
the young men and women on stage. All eager to see their young sons and daughters 
paired up to start producing babies.

Jolean had just enough time to look over the naked boys, the line of naked girls, soon to 
be fucking those boys, and the audience, when the ceremony got under way. The 
representative of the GMO walked out on stage and made the expected standard speech 
about the need to rebuild the population and the need to ensure genetic diversity and 
breed for the best traits, and how this group of young people were about to become 
adults, taking their place in the cycle of life and contributing to the growth and future of 
the human race. After a few more words, he was ready to begin announcing the pairings. 
All of the kids were eager to learn who their first mate was going to be. Opening the 
sealed envelop, he withdrew the list of pairings. Jolean could feel herself getting damper 
in anticipation. The GMO man read the names, Ricki & Karen. They met each other 
behind the announcer, kissing briefly, Ricki giving one of Karens tits a squeeze and she 
giving his half hard cock a squeeze. Jolean looked at the couple, thinking that soon they 
would be fucking, sperm from those balls would be pumping into her belly until his seed 
combined with her egg and she started swelling with new life.

The man continued to announce names. Each time he announced one of the boys, she 
would look over at the boy, waiting to hear the girls name announced, wondering if it 
would be her name, if this was the boy who was going to impregnate her. As the couples 
were called, she watched them move together forming a group of couples behind the 
announcer. Finally, she heard the announcer saying, And the next couple is George  
and . Jolean looked over. George was bit heavy set but not fat, a little bit on the hairy 
side, and he had a fat cock sticking out at full attention. She knew George. He was fairly 
smart and usually a pretty decent guy. The announcer continued,  and Jolean. Oh 
my god! Thats me! she thought. George is going to be the one to take my virginity, to 
give me my first child. In a few minutes I will be spreading my legs for him and taking 
that fat cock into my pussy. Looking at George she could see him looking back at her, 
running his eyes over her body, and she knew that he was thinking similar thoughts, that 
he was thinking what it would be like to sink his shaft into her and fuck her, and that soon 
her belly would be swelling with his child.

George & Jolean both started to move toward the group behind the announcer. Like the 
others, as they met, they melted into their first kiss. For Jolean, the feel was electric, 
feeling her skin in contact with his, their tongues exploring each others mouths. She felt 
his hand cupping her mound and felt herself almost dripping with excitement. Reaching 
down, she had no problem finding his large protrusion sticking up from his crotch. 
Wrapping her hand around it, he felt huge. She could feel him pulsing in her hand. His 
penis felt so hard and hot, and at the same time, soft and smooth. Her knees felt weak, she 
wanted to lay down and urge him to mount her right here and now, but she knew she had 
to wait a few more minutes until everyone was paired up.

Indeed, George had been looking over all of the naked girls, wondering who he would be 
paired with, who was going to spread her legs for him, who he was going to fuck and 
empty his load in, whose belly was going to swell with his child. He knew each of these 
girls was going to be spreading her legs this afternoon for one of the boys, wrapping 
herself around his penis and riding it until he creamed her insides. And that each of these 
lovely bellies would soon be swelling with new life. He watched as each pairing was 
announced, as each newly announced couple moved together behind the announcer. As 
the couples stood side by side he looked at them, at their smiling faces, their naked 
bodies, and their genitals, thinking that cock is going to be sliding into that furry snatch, 
those balls are going to impregnate that girl. He had often masturbated thinking of some 
of the different girls in the class, or just about the idea that they would all be fucking. But 
now the day was here and they were being paired up. His cock was hard and eager as 
these thoughts ran through his head.

And then he heard, And the next couple is George  He looked up and saw all eyes on 
him. This was it, he was about to find out who he would be fucking this afternoon. And 
all of the remaining unpaired girls were looking at his cock, wondering if it would soon 
be sliding into them.  and Jolean the announcer called out. George looked over at 
Jolean, a pretty girl with large tits, a nice face and figure, long brown hair, and a nice 
dark pubic patch. He felt his cock twitch. So this was the girl he would be grunting and 
groaning with to make a baby. He moved to the group behind the announcer where he 
joined Jolean in their initial embrace.

They stood, arm-in-arm, along with the other couples, watching as the rest of their 
classmates were paired up. Staring out into the sea of faces (proud parents and relatives) 
Jolean spotted her mother and siblings, and waved happily to them, and saw them wave 
back. Soon the last couple had been paired up and the announcer was telling them that 
now was the time to go and get more familiar with your new partners. Explore each 
others bodies, bring each other pleasure, and take your places as young child bearing 
adults in our society.

First Time

By tradition, the couples spent their first afternoon at the school gym where the large 
mats were rolled out and covered with sheets. A metal framework was used to hang 
curtains to form little cubicles which gave some visual privacy, but certainly did not stop 
sounds. Along with the other couples, Jolean and George eagerly headed to the gym and 
soon found an unoccupied cubicle.

They eagerly embraced, hands roving over each others bodies. Jolean felt Georges 
strong hands kneading her breasts, then grabbing her ass, pulling her to him. Their eager 
tongues explored each others mouths as she felt his hot hardness trapped between their 
bodies and she ground her mound against it, eliciting a groan from both of them. She was 
running her hands over his body, feeling his strength, the tension in his body. Her body 
was fully aroused, her pussy oozing lubrication, ready to accept a males penis, Georges 
penis. And she could tell he was ready, his cock straining against her body, anxious to 
enter her so he could deposit his seed.

By mutual consent they separated and sank to the floor. Neither needed anymore 
foreplay, their bodies were ready for the genetic sharing, to join as one to pass his genetic 
imprint into her body. But they also wanted to explore each others bodies at least a little 
bit. Jolean let her hand drift down and grasp his throbbing prick, and then cup his large 
testicles. And she felt his hand cupping her mound, sliding along her slippery slit, and 
then his finger sinking into her wet hole, making her gasp. Mm-m she moaned cupping 
his balls, Do you have a big load stored up for your first time, ready to shoot in me? Are 
your balls working overtime to make me pregnant? Im gonna ram this in you and fuck 
you good George answered. Im gonna coat your insides with my hot cum until you 
start swelling up with my baby. She couldnt take it any longer. She was so horny, she 
had to feel him inside her.

Jolean could hear grunts and groans coming from all around her as the new couples 
explored each others bodies or began fucking. From the next cubicle over she could 
already hear a steady squishing accompanied by gasps and groans.

She rolled over on her back, spreading her legs in invitation, baring her pussy for him. 
She looked first at his straining cock and large balls, then into his eyes. Come on 
George, lets make a baby. Fuck me. Jolean wiggled her hips and watched as he brought 
his straining cock head to the entrance to her vagina. She reached out, wrapping her 
fingers around it, feeling its hot rigid length in her hand as she brought the head in 
contact with her pussy, rubbing it up and down, lubricating it with her juices for easy 
entrance. Finally, she positioned it right at the entrance and raised her hips taking the tip 
into her hot hole, signaling George that she was ready for him.

George shoved forward and she felt him sliding into her, spreading her vagina with his 
hard cock. She heard George groan as he worked it in and out in short strokes, sinking 
deeper each time. She was gasping in turn at the wonderful feeling of fullness and 
warmth as he sank into her ever deeper. At last she felt his pubic bone grind against hers 
 he was all of the way inside her. Jolean looked up at George, wriggling her hips to get 
even more of him inside her. Oh, that feels so good she said as she ran her hands over 
his back, then down to grab his ass, pulling him even deeper inside her.

George began thrusting into her and she reveled at the feel of his warm, hard shaft filling 
her. But in short order she felt his body start to shake and he groaned as she felt a new 
liquid warmth spreading inside her. Jolean knew that George had just come inside her, 
that he had just emptied his sperm into her body. She knew from her lessons that a boys 
first time was likely to be short, but that he would probably recover quickly.

After George pulled out they lay together fondling each other for a while, listening to the 
sounds of sex around them, giggling as they heard other couples reaching climax. Soon 
she felt George getting hard again as she gently squeezed his shaft. She rolled over, again 
spreading her legs in wanton invitation and rubbed her pussy, Come on, slide that big 
dick right here and fuck me again. Give me another ride and another big load she urged. 
George needed no urging and quickly sank his shaft into her eager pussy. Again they 
groaned with pleasure as he filled her vagina with his erection.

This time they started a bit slower, moving gently at first and gradually increasing speed. 
Before long they were once again fucking enthusiastically, his cock plunging in and out 
of her pussy as she thrust up to meet him, grinding her pubic bone against his on each 
thrust. This time, Jolean could feel her orgasm building, the waves of pleasure reaching 
higher, then receding, then reaching even higher, tantalizing her, making her thrust ever 
more frantically on Georges cock in an effort to reach her orgasm  and in the process 
further stimulating George. Soon she was crying out, panting, Unh! Unh! Unh! More! 
Keep fucking me! Oh, so good! As she neared her orgasm, she was aware that George, 
thrusting madly into her, was beginning to moan and cry out as he neared a second 
orgasm in her body.

Then,  then,  almost, Ah! Ah! she was there! Her body bucking out of control on 
the wonderful penis which had brought her to orgasm, her pussy convulsing, clenching 
on the wonderful rod inside her. But the pounding continued, keeping her on a plateau as 
George pounded away relentlessly in her pussy. Soon he started crying out, Oh yes! Im 
almost there! Im gonna cum in you! Get ready! Ah! Ah! Jolean felt his penis throbbing 
inside her and knew he was coming again, even as she felt another warm wet infusion 
deep in her belly, and she came again, clenching him with her arms, legs, pussy, milking 
him, holding him deep inside her, savoring the feel of his orgasm deep inside her body. 
They lay together, sporadic pulses of his penis, contractions of her pussy milking the last 
drops of sperm out of his body and into hers. Finally his deflated penis slipped from her 
body and they lay back with a final groan of satisfaction.

Family Introductions

They lay for a short while together listening to more of the sounds of the mating, and then 
getting up, headed out to meet their families for introductions. As they walked through 
the gymnasium, they met several other couples heading out  several other naked couples 
who had just finished mating. Jolean could not help looking the other couples, imagining 
the sperm shooting through the boys penis into the girls womb, even now coating her 
insides. It sent tingles through her body, and she knew Georges sperm was deep inside 
her, looking for her eggs to fertilize.

They exited the school and walking around the grounds they saw many parents eagerly 
awaiting the return of their children, to congratulate them on this big step into adult-hood. 
Soon they saw their parents. While they had been inside fucking, their parents had found 
each other and introduced themselves. So, how was it? asked Joleans mother, Are 
you all squishy inside? Georges mother asked, How many times did you fuck her? 
George and Jolean eagerly told them how good it had been, and that George had emptied 
two good loads inside her. She wriggled her hips as she said it, enjoying the after glow 
and the feeling of warm wetness inside her from Georges deposit.

After getting dressed, they returned to Joleans house for an initiation celebration party. 
By tradition, George would be staying there for the remaining 4 months of school, or 
until Jolean was pregnant if that took longer. Over the next several months, Joleans 
mother and sisters often coached the enthusiastic couple on how to create more pleasure 
either for themselves or their partner, explaining sensitive parts of the anatomy, 
physiological reactions, and common turn-ons, psychological techniques. They did this 
either by watching the couple and making suggestions, or bringing their own boyfriends 
in and demonstrating. The instruction included demonstrations of various positions, ways 
to move to cause maximum pleasure not only for yourself but also your partner, as well 
as oral sex, both ways. Each time Jolean spread her legs for George she looked down and 
thought about his penis pulsating, shooting sperm from his balls into her belly, seeking to 
impregnate her, wondering if this would be the load which would make her belly swell.

After the third month, Jolean missed her period and a pregnancy test confirmed that they 
had started a new life in her belly. George moved back home with his parents, free to find 
other willing partners until his next assignment. Since she was now pregnant, she was 
allowed to go to the village swaps if she so desired, and try any of the other males that 
appealed to her.

The Swap

Upon hearing the news, Joleans older sister, Sally, asked her if she wanted to go to the 
swap with her Friday night. Jolean was delighted to join Sally. On Friday they both 
showered and Sally helped Jolean pick out some sexy clothes  covering enough to add 
some allure, revealing enough to generate interest. The outfit she chose was a basic 
teddy, a shear gauzy top which just covered her ass when she stood (but which rode up 
revealingly when she bent over) and a pair a skimpy panties which just gave a hint of her 
bush underneath. Over this she wore a wrap for the walk down to the swap hall. Jolean 
was giddy with excitement. This was going to be her second (or more?) cock, and this 
time she got to choose. George had been good, she had enjoyed sex with him, but she was 
anxious to try something different, to see how other men screwed.

When they arrived the two women checked their wraps and entered the swap hall. The 
main hall had lounge chairs and tables scattered around for people to sit at, and a dance 
floor with recorded music. To the side were private rooms as well as a padded group 
room. Jolean and Sally entered, got their (non-alcoholic) drinks (alcohol was neither good 
for the baby growing inside her, nor for the performance of the men). The women sat and 
watched the other people for a while, discussing them among themselves. Jolean 
observed that most of the people here were dressed similarly to she and Sally  the 
women with abbreviated, sexy clothing the men wore either various forms of briefs or 
simply robes. However, some people wore either more complete outfits, or nothing at all.

Before long a man approached and asked Sally if she wanted to dance and the two of 
them headed out onto the dance floor. Jolean watched: at first they danced apart but soon 
they were touching each other, moving closer together, grinding their bodies as they 
danced. Jolean was pulled out of here reverie by the sound of a mans voice asking her if 
she would like to dance. She looked up and saw a handsome man, perhaps in his 30s, 
wearing a pair of boxers. He had a slightly hairy chest, muscular arms, and a pleasant 
face. Jolean agreed and taking his hand they headed to the dance floor.

At first they just danced, with an occasional hip bump, but soon Jolean shrugged one of 
her spaghetti straps off her shoulder which allowed the teddy to fold down revealing one 
of her breasts. As they danced the man reached out and rubbed his palm on it, massaging 
it, sending shivers through Joleans body. Looking down, she could see a slight bulge 
forming in the mans boxers, his interest was showing! Soon he took her arm and twirled 
her a few times before twirling her into him, her back against him. Reaching around, he 
grabbed both of her breasts, one covered, one uncovered, while she squirmed her ass 
against the growing hardness in his boxers. Soon he asked, Would you like to adjourn to 
the group room? Jolean answered that yes she would enjoy that.

Upon entering the group room, Jolean saw couples in various forms of sexual coupling. 
As she continued to look around, she saw Sally on her knees, face buried in the crotch of 
one man, her head bobbing up and down on his shaft while another man took her from 
the rear, doggy style.

Jolean turned, and looking up embraced the man in a long, deep kiss, pressing her body 
against his, one naked breast rubbing against his bare chest, bellies pressed together skin 
to skin, and her pussy pressed against the hard, warm lump in his boxers, separated by 
only the thin layers of his boxers and her sheer panties. As they kissed his hands roamed 
over her body, grabbing her ass, cupping her breasts, helping her shrug the other strap off 
and drop the material so both of her breasts sprang free. She in turn ran her hands over 
his body, over his broad muscular back, strong arms, and down to grab his erection 
through his boxers. Finally Jolean could stand it no longer and breaking the clinch, she 
pulled his boxers out and over his erection, and down, revealing his straining penis, eager 
for her body.

Stepping back, Jolean let her teddy fall to the ground, leaving her in just her shear 
panties. After allowing the man a few moments to admire her body, she lowered her 
panties, revealing her pubic patch to the man. After running a finger suggestively up her 
slit, she dropped to her knees and took the mans straining penis in her mouth, drawing a 
gasp from him. Reaching up, she cupped his balls (how many children had these testicles 
fathered, she wondered?), eliciting more groans from the man. As she wrapped her lips 
around his cock and laved it with her tongue, he reached down and began massaging her 
breasts sending sensations of pleasure through her body. Drawing back, she gently licked 
the tip of the mans penis with her tongue, and then worked her way down the shaft until 
she reached his balls. Gently she took them, one at a time into her mouth, and then 
continued, licking his scrotum and the sensitive area behind it, before slowly traveling 
back up his shaft.

Looking up at him she said, I want to feel that inside me. Fuck me. Shove your hard 
dick inside my wet pussy and fuck me. She lay back, spreading her legs in open 
invitation, the female waiting for a male to mount her, to mate her. The man needed no 
further encouragement. His dick was hard, straining in anticipation of her pussy. He 
moved forward until the head touched her pussy and then started to slide in, stretching 
her until their bodies met. Her second penis! The feeling was terrific! The man was 
obviously older, more mature than George. She knew he had buried this penis in many 
women before, had felt many pussies milking him, urging him to give up his load in 
them. The fact that this older, experienced man desired her, was excited by her body 
turned her on.

The man began to move in her, fucking her. She squeezed him with her pussy muscles 
making him gasp, Oh you hot little woman! Oh that feels good! She loved the reaction, 
the fact that she could turn a man on and make him crazy with lust for her. Now she 
began thrusting her groin up to meet his strokes, helping him push deeper into her. She 
could feel the head bumping the end of her vagina on each stroke. Now she reached 
around and started to run her fingers over his balls, the balls whose sperm she was about 
to accept deep inside her body. Her touch made the man cry out and thrust harder, which 
in turn made her pussy flutter with excitement. Oh yes! Youre hitting me just right! 
Keep doing that! Harder! Faster! Oh you are in me so deep! Youre gonna make me cum, 
keep fucking me! Her words had an intoxicating effect on the man. He continued to ram 
deep into her, picking up the pace until his cock was flying in and out of her pussy, his 
balls banging on her ass, a lewd squelching coming from their joined genitals. Oh yes! 
Thats it! I almost there! Fuck me! Make me cum! she cried. And then she lost herself in 
the sensations of his driving cock as her orgasm built until suddenly it washed over her, 
causing her to buck and then go stiff, her pussy spasming on the driving cock that 
continued to ram into her.

Her orgasm subsided, but his fucking kept her on a plateau of bliss. The feeling of 
openness, acceptance of him inside her, the surrender to him, to the needs of her own 
body was delicious. Soon she felt the urgency in the mans thrusting, his groans, his 
swelling cock, signaling that he was near eruption. She again reached around and ran her 
fingers over his balls and back up the crack of his ass. Looking up at him, into his eyes, 
she said, Yes! Do it! Fuck me good! I want your cum in my pussy! I want to feel you 
spurting inside me! Let it go! Give me your sperm! The man groaned, looking deep into 
her eyes as his cock continued to drive deeply into her. Now he began groaning, gasping, 
Im gonna cum! Im gonna cum in you! Oh! His rhythm became erratic as the 
sensations grew in his cock and she felt him swelling in preparation for ejaculation. 
Ah! he groaned, Im cuming in you! and she felt him lunge into her, his penis pulsing 
as he shot burst after burst into her belly. Yes do it! Empty your balls in me! she 
moaned as she felt the spreading warmth of his release inside her cunt.

They rested together for a few moments before the man pulled his now shrunken penis 
from her. She looked down at the glistening combination of their juices coating his penis. 
M-m-m! she rolled her hips. That was great! Indeed! Thank you very much! I hope 
we get to fuck again sometime soon the man said as he stood up and headed to the bar 
for a drink.

Jolean looked languidly around, enjoying the pleasant sensations still pulsing in her 
pussy. She saw Sally laying naked a few feet away smiling at her. Wow! That was hot! 
Looked like fun! You really got off on him didnt you? she asked. Oh yeah! Jolean 
answered. His cock felt so-o-o good in me. And it looked like you were having fun with 
those two men when I came in. So did you finish them off like that, one in your pussy, 
one in your mouth? Or did you end up fucking both of them? Oh its fun to suck a man 
off and feel him shooting in my mouth, but it is such a shame to see a good erection and 
not ride it  I usually finish them off in my pussy. Besides, theres that much more to drip 
out later and remind me of our time together.

Second Mating

Jolean continued to go to the swaps, almost until the time she gave birth to a beautiful 
little girl. Over the months, her belly continued to swell and her breasts filled out, until it 
was finally time and the baby was born. As she swelled up, she found some men less 
attracted to her sexually, and some more so. But everyone smiled at her and her bulging 
belly, congratulating her on her pregnancy. Once the baby was born, she spent a couple 
of months recovering physically and getting used to caring for a baby, feeding it, 
changing it, and just enjoying it. Towards the end of the second month, she found she 
was again horny all the time and beginning to masturbate to relieve the tension. She 
began to look forward to the GMO summons to introduce her to her next mate.

Finally, shortly after her second period after delivery was over, she received a note from 
the GMO asking her to be at the local GMO offices in 2 days to be introduced to her next 
mate. She masturbated for a long time that night imagining her next lover, anticipating 
riding a hard cock again, riding a cock with an empty, fertile belly waiting for a males 
sperm to impregnate her. She hoped he had a big cock and liked to fuck. Instead of going 
to the swaps, she was going to be restricted to this one man for a while.

When she arrived at the GMO offices and gave the receptionist her name, she was 
ushered into a small office. The GMO officer greeted her, and after a bit of small talk 
about her previous pregnancy, he informed her that her next mate was a 35 year old man 
named Dale, to whom she would be introduced shortly. He gave her a little bit of initial 
background material on the man, his occupation, where he was from and lived, and so on. 
It was up to the 2 of them to decide where they would normally meet, but since the 
women usually had young children, custom was that the man would visit the womans 
home.

The GMO officer pressed a phone on his desk and spoke into it, saying, Please send 
Dale in. In a few minutes the door opened and a middle aged man with curly brown hair 
entered. The GMO officer stood and introduced the two new mates to each other. They 
quickly decided to head to Joleans place to consummate the pairing. As they headed to 
her home, they learned a bit about each other. Dale, being older, had obviously fathered a 
number of children already but it had been some years since he had drawn someone as 
young as Jolean and he was excited about it.

Jolean was feeling giddy with excitement as they pulled up. She was not surprised that 
her mother and Sally were both around taking care of the children. They of course knew 
she had left to meet her next mate and were expecting her to bring him home. As Jolean 
and Dale walked in, Sally and Joleans mother smiled and introduced themselves. Since it 
was just time for Joleans new baby to feed again, Jolean simply stripped off her clothes 
and sat down naked on the living room sofa while her baby hungrily suckled a breast. 
Dale sat next to her while Joleans mother and Sally sat in other chairs and they all 
chatted, getting to know each other. The baby suckling at her breasts felt good but soon 
the baby was full and Joleans breasts felt comfortably drained. Sally took the baby 
saying, Ill get her changed and put to bed. You two have more enjoyable things to do 
now. Jolean giggled, and rubbing her belly said, Yes. I have this strange empty feeling 
I think Dale can help me with. Then sliding her hand down and rubbing her pussy, she 
added, I think I need a good injection of baby batter. With that she led Dale to her 
room.

Upon entering, she turned and pressing her body against him, gave Dale a deep wet kiss. 
Dale was almost out of his mind with lust. To him, Jolean was female fertility incarnate. 
The sight of her young, well rounded and obviously fertile body, with her breasts full for 
nursing was the sexiest thing he could imagine, and the knowledge that she was his to 
mate, that soon he would sink his eager shaft into her and fill her fertile belly with his 
seed, made him barely able to control himself. His hands quickly began to roam over her 
body, down her back, then grabbing her ass, pulling her crotch against him. Then he bent 
down and licked her nipples. Jolean soon began to unbutton his shirt and then opening it, 
began to nibble her way down his chest, enjoying the taste and smell of a man, an 
aroused and sexually stimulated man, the man who was going to mate with her and father 
her next child. Now she unbuckled his belt and slid his pants down, revealing a large 
bulge in his boxers. While she was anxious to see his penis and to feel it inside her, she 
also enjoyed tantalizing herself. Instead of immediately pulling his boxers down, she 
reached out and grabbed her shaft through the fabric. She felt it jerk in her hand, getting 
hard in response to her grab. Then she reached underneath and cupped his balls through 
the fabric, eliciting a groan from him.

Jolean could only tease herself like this for a few minutes and soon had to see the real 
thing. Grabbing the elastic of his boxers, she pulled them out around his swelling 
manhood and down, revealing his staff of life and his testicles snug in their sack. 
Reaching out she reverently took his shaft in her hand, reveling in the feel of it warmth, 
its growing strength as it swelled and pulsed in her hand, getting harder. Leaning forward 
she flicked her tongue across the tip, and then rubbed its rigid velvet softness against her 
face, before taking it gently in her mouth, slowly bobbing up and down on it. While she 
did this, she reached between his legs, running her fingers over his ball sack, feeling the 
two balls inside, the source of his essence that she would soon take inside her body. Her 
other hand was in her own crotch, rubbing her clit. By now, his erection was so hard it 
was almost painful for Dale, but a delightful painful. Neither of them could wait 
anymore. Just as he was going to tell her he had to have her, Jolean pulled back and 
looking him in the eyes said, Oh I cant wait. Fuck me with that wonderful dick. I need 
to feel you inside me. I want to feel your cum shooting into me.

She lay back on the bed, opening her legs wide in invitation, opening her womb to him. 
She looked up at him, the father of her next child, and then down at his straining cock, 
the source of her next child, the cock which would be convulsing in her pussy shooting 
his cream into her many times over the next few months until she was again pregnant. 
Dale looked down at her naked form, waiting for him, wanting him to fuck her, ready to 
bear his child, and with a deep growl of lust moved forward bringing his cock to her 
eager pussy. Dales cock sank into her pussy  they both felt the joining of their bodies, 
the joining of their genitals for the transfer of his sperm, and they both reveled in the 
feeling.

Now Dale began thrusting inside her, fucking. The feeling was exquisite for both of 
them, more so knowing that now it was not just pleasure, but for real. Soon Jolean was 
thrusting her hips back up at Dale, moaning in pleasure at the feeling of his hard cock 
pounding inside her, of his balls bouncing on her ass, his cock head bumping her cervix. 
Reaching down she grabbed her ankles, pulling her legs up and out to give him deeper 
penetration, and then reached down and grabbed his butt. She loved the feeling of it 
flexing in her hands as he drove into her. It did not take long until he was jamming into 
her fast and furious. She was gasping with the raw sensations of his cock in her pussy and 
could feel her orgasm approaching. More! Oh! Yes! Fuck me! Im getting close! 
Harder! Keep going! she cried. Her words sent thrills through his body, knowing that he 
was going to make her cum, knowing that she wanted him to go all out to make her cum 
and that that would probably send him over the edge as well.

And then her orgasm washed over her, Oh! Im coming! Oh, fuck me! she cried and 
then lapsed into incoherent moans as her body shook with orgasm. Dale could feel her 
pussy spasming on his rod, clenching him as he drove into her and felt his own orgasm 
building, his sperm gathering. Jolean could feel it too, the sudden increased hardness in 
his rod, the short strokes, the tension in his body which signaled that a man was about to 
ejaculate. Oh yes! Give it to me! Shoot your cum in me! I want it baby! she cried. And 
then she felt his cock pulse as he began to spurt into her. She felt a steady throbbing in his 
cock as he began pumping jet after jet of his cream into her, and she felt the sudden 
warmth of his cum in her pussy. Finally he slowed. She looked up at him and squeezed 
his shaft with her pussy, and wiggled her hips as she grinned at him.

After a few minutes they disengaged and putting on some clothes, returned downstairs to 
continue introductions. Over the next two months they screwed whenever and wherever 
they could, keeping her fertile womb full of Dales hot cum, shooting load after load into 
her. Within two months, Jolean missed her next period and knew that she would soon be 
swelling with another child.

