Jen thought about Jason the rest of the week. They had shared something that morning, something powerful. His eyes, the way he talked to her, and above all the sex, had been amazing. They had a real connection, even if he had a girlfriend already. She thought a lot about what he had done to her, and rationalized that it wasn't that bad. She would never let him take advantage of her like that again, but in the heat of the moment she had allowed it. The dinner had been fun, if a little embarrassing, but again nothing bad had happened. Then, after he walked her back to her room, he had suddenly acted like nothing had changed. _You know the rules, Jen_ he had told her.
Yes, the rules. The perverted little game he like to play, forcing her to sext him if she wanted to talk to him. He made no bones about being a pervert, never mind a cheater. Those were potent reasons to avoid further contact with him. On the other hand, they had something between them that made her want to explore their relationship more. He had felt it also, she was sure of it. She could tell by the way he had looked at her, he really liked her. She wondered if he liked her enough to leave his girlfriend for her. She wondered if she would be content to be his other girl. Worse, she felt that she couldn't talk to anyone about their relationship, as it had too many bizarre and embarrassing details. In the end, the only one she could talk to about him was him. And so, with a sigh, she called. Jen frowned as it rang through to voicemail. Jason never answered his phone unless she sexted him first, and she was not about to do that again.
"Hi, Jason, it's Jen. Please call me back," she smiled, trying to sound hopeful in her message. She hung up and frowned again, wondering what she should do. Late the next evening, she still hadn't heard from him, and he hadn't replied to her text either. Jen felt the message he was sending was clear, but she wanted to give him one more chance. She called again, and left another message.
"Hi, Jason, it's Jen," she started cheerfully, "Call me back. Or don't. Okay, bye."
Jen hung up and took a deep breath. So this was how it was going end, him ignoring her calls. Maybe she would run into him on campus and be able to talk to him. Maybe she would never have to deal with him again. Jen sighed again and stared out her window in thought.

"C'mon, man, this isn't hockey," Mark complained after taking yet another hard foul from Jason.
"I didn't hear a whistle," Jason taunted, dribbling the ball back. "Eight to six."
"Why are you being such an ass?" Mark asked. "I mean, you're always an ass, but now you're even worse."
"Sorry man," Jason frowned. "Here," he said with a sharp pass. "I'll tell you what. Hit me as hard as you can with the ball and we'll call it even."
Mark didn't even think twice, immediately rearing back and drilling Jason right in the chest.
"Damn!" Jason exclaimed, balling up, shocked that Mark had taken him up on his offer.
"Bitch, it's on now," Mark growled, bouncing the ball back to Jason.
"Alright," Jason agreed, started dribbling and backing his way to the basket.
Mark was a linebacker, and even bigger than Jason, and he effectively stopped his progress. When Jason tried to roll off, Mark exploded into his shoulder, knocking him off balance. Focused on saving the dribble, Jason was unable to brace himself and Mark shoved him with both hands and knocked him off the ball.
"Punk," Mark spat as he dribbled back to midcourt.
"Oh, so that's how it is. I got this," Jason agreed.
The match degenerated into a running wrestling match with a ball. The two friend cursed each other as they each tried to impose their will on the other. Lost in their combat, they didn't notice the other players in the gym or how loud and vulgar they were getting. Suddenly they were interrupted.
"Excuse me," the girl said. "Can you guys watch your language? It's really not appropriate."
Mark and Jason stopped and stared at her.
"Oh, yeah, sorry," Mark answered sheepishly.
"Fuck you, bitch!" Jason glared.
"Hey, man come on. Sorry, we'll keep it down. Actually I got to get going."
Mark tapped Jason and started to walk off the court. Jason stared holes into the girl before slowly turn to join his friend.
"Man, what has gotten into you? You're really being an ass."
"Bitches," Jason muttered.
Jason sat in his room alone that night, another beer bottle in his hand. He felt tense and on edge, like he was ready to explode. He just couldn't get Jen out of his head and it was driving him crazy. He didn't want a girlfriend, he just wanted to fuck. Now, suddenly, that little bitch was monopolizing his every waking moment. Ever since he had given her a ride home, something had changed. He had stopped returning call from the other girls. _Sarah must be going crazy,_ he thought ruefully as he glanced at yet another desperate sext from her. He didn't want to fuck Sarah, or anyone else. Fucking Jen was the only thing he wanted, and he couldn't bear to admit.
Jason nodded as he drank, listening to his headphones. _Fuck, he was even playing fucking makeout music._ Love is when every song means something to you, and now Jason found himself thinking about the lyrics. Thinking about Jen. His phone buzzed again, and his heart quickened as he noticed it was her calling, the screen showing her smiling in front of the Provost's house. He pulled his headphones off and picked up the phone, watching as it buzzed again, and then a third time before going to voicemail. He closed his eyes in thought and then put the phone down again, pulling his headphones back on. In a burst of inspiration, he pulled the battery out of his phone and tossed it into his closet. At least that way there was less of a chance of him making a stupid drunken confession to her.
Jason's mind drifted back to that morning, to having sex with Jen. She had been so beautiful. It had been amazing. It always was amazing with her. Sex with Jen was so powerful, it was like...like making love. Jason hurled his bottle against the wall in fury at the thought. He didn't make love, he fucked. He fucked bitches. Jason held his head in his hands and sighed. His door opened and he pulled his headphones off to look at Pete.
"You okay, man?"
"Yeah."
Pete looked around for moment, his eyes lingering on shattered remains of the beer bottle on the floor. He nodded and walked out. Jason took a deep breath and got another beer.
Sociopath. That is what his sister Annie had called him. She was probably right. He had always thought narcissist was a better fit, although his fuck buddies often ended up calling him every name in the book. He wasn't really a bad guy, he reasoned. He was always perfectly clear he was only involved with them for the sex, it wasn't his fault they wanted more. And then he met Jen. Jason took another slow drink and found himself singing lyrics to himself again.

"Hi mom," Jen waved as she trotted to hug her mother. It was Mother's day weekend, and Jen's mom was making a special visit to campus.
Jen guided her mom up to her room, where they joined Karen, her roommate, and caught up. Soon, it was time for lunch and the women tried to decide where to go. Settling on a local restaurant, Jen got up to put on better shoes.
"What are those?" her mom suddenly asked coldly.
"What?"
Her mom stepped over to her closet and bent down, picking up one of the blue heels Jason had bought her. "What are these?"
"Heels," Jen pointed out flatly. She knew where this was going, and it wasn't good.
"Jennifer, you cannot spend money on things like this," he mother snapped, shaking the shoe at her, a towering five feet of Korean rage. Jen rolled her eyes. If there was one thing her mother fixated on, it was money. "Your father and I work very hard to allow you to attend this school. We make sacrifices. You cannot waste our money on such frivolous things."
"Mom, I know. Can we go?"
"Young lady, I'm serious. You think money grows on trees? How much did this cost?"
"Mom, I a senior in college! I am not a child!"
"Not a child? How much money do you make? That's what I thought. How much did this cost?"
"Mom, it's fine," Jen groaned.
"She didn't buy it, her boyfriend bought them for her," Karen suddenly interjected.
Jen winced as she turned away. The other thing her mother obsessed over was her lack of a boyfriend.
"You have a boyfriend?" her mother asked, incredulous.
"Yes," Jen smiled curtly. "Can we go?"
"Oh my God," her mother said as a smile worked its way onto her face. "Oh my God!" Her mother suddenly hugged her. "For how long?"
"Couple of months," Jen shrugged.
"You've been holding out on me!" she accused, beaming now, smiling from ear to ear. "Handsome?"
"Yes."
"Smart?"
"Yes. Can we go now?"
"Oh, invite your boyfriend. I want to meet him."
"Mom, no," Jen protested and then had an inspiration. Jason didn't answer her calls. It would be perfect! Jen made the motions of protesting some more before pulling out her phone and calling him. She knew he wouldn't answer, it would go to voicemail, problem solved. Genius!
"Hello, dollface," his smiling voice came through.
"Oh, uh, hi Jason," she winced before plastering a smile on for her mother. She smashed the phone against her ear, hoping to mute any comments he might make. Her mind reeled, now she not only had to invite Jason to lunch, she had to make sure he would be up to playing her boyfriend, all without tipping off her mother. She turned to face the closet. "Listen, um, my mom is here, and I was wondering if you would like to join us for lunch." Jen's stomach fell as she winced, knowing she was in dangerous territory.
"You sure it's not too early to meet the parents?" he teased.
"Um, no."
"Sure. When? Where?"
"Uh, like ten...minutes? Parking lot behind Dreshner?"
"Okay, see you then."
"Okay, bye." Jen closed her eyes in embarrassment at the trick she was about to pull off. She heard then tell-tale click from him hanging up and waited a count. "Okay, sweetie, bye." Jen turned back to her mother with a big, fake smile on her face. "Okay, ten minutes!" she chirped.
Jen ushered her mother and Karen out of the room and they worked their way down to the parking lot. Jen's head was awash in dread. Jason had seemed nice on the phone, but the way he sometimes acted was just...oh God, she didn't even want to think about it. She had never had a panic attack, but she was pretty sure she was having one now. She momentarily thought about puking on the lawn to get out of the deal. She had to intercept him and make sure they were on the same page. Standing at the car, she tried to make small talk with her mother as she desperately scanned the area for him. Seeing him turn the corner, she waved in exaggerated happiness and then dashed out to incepted him. She was so focused on cutting him off, she didn't see the car until it squealed to a stop beside her. She waved an apology and then ran up to him.
"Careful, dollface," he grinned as he swallowed her into a hug, lifted her off her feet and spun her around.
"Jason, we have to talk."
"Sure," he grinned as he put her down, eyes sparkling.
"Listen, Mom thinks you're my boyfriend, can you do that for me?" A mischievous grin crept onto Jason's face. "Please, Jason?" she begged.
"Sure," he agreed.
"Thanks," she exhaled. "Please be good." Jason nodded in response.
"Payback's a bitch," he grinned.
"What?"
"Payback's a bitch," he repeated, playfully bumping her forehead with his.
"Jason, come on," Jen protested.
"Agreed?"
Jen sighed in frustration. "Fine," she hissed through gritted teeth. She knew she was trapped, if she didn't agree and he left she'd never hear the end of it.
"Don't worry, we're on the street now," he winked with a big smile and took her hand.
Jen fixed a smile on her face and tried not to think about whatever it was she had just agreed to. She walked hand in hand with Jason back to her smiling mother. As they got close, Jason spoke up.
"Hi, I'm Jason," he said, holding out his hand. "And you must Jen's sister."
"No, Jen's mother," she replied as she shook his hand.
"No way, you're so young!" Jason objected.
Jen's mom blushed lightly at the compliment as Jen's heartrate soared. _Please be good, please be good,_ she prayed as she looked up at him, every nerve on edge.
Jen slowly relaxed during lunch, as Jason acted every bit the doting boyfriend. He held hands with her throughout the meal. His answer even matched hers when her mother asked how long they had been dating. He was remarkably slick in the way he called her his girlfriend, almost making it sound real. He was absolutely charming and completely respectful. Returning to campus, he led her out of earshot in the parking lot.
"Position one," he grinned.
Jen glanced at her mom, who was watching them like a hawk. She steeled herself and turned to him, hands on his shoulders and feet outside of his.
"Had a nice time," he grinned with a light peck, his hands on her hips.
"Yeah," she agreed. They stood in silence for a few moments, Jen still uneasy with her mother watching. "Well, you'd better get going before your girlfriend catches us," she offered, hoping to send him on his way before he could try anything.
"You are my girlfriend," he smiled.
"No, your real girlfriend."
" ** _You_** are my girlfriend."
"But," she started before the context set in. "But what about her? Did you break up with her?" Jen asked, perplexed.
"I never had a girlfriend. I just made it up."
"Wait, what? Why?" Jason chuckled in response. "You lied to me!" she protested in disbelief.
"Yeah," he agreed with a smirk. "You want to be my girl?"
Jen thought about it for a moment. "Only if you want to be my boyfriend," she countered.
"Yeah," Jason agreed, and kissed her, his tongue dancing into her mouth for a passionate moment. "See you tonight?"
Jen nodded in silent agreement and then watched him walk away, her knees suddenly wobbly. She finally had a boyfriend.