
         			DESPARATE HOUSEWIVES CHAPTER 7	
					    	By Black Heart

	Amanda eyed Lilly's son, Norman, with a speculative look.  
	Unlike Ryan, who had a fit, athletic type body, Norman was a big, bulky looking boy who stood almost six feet tall and probably weighed close to two hundred pounds.  It was easy to see that he did not do much physical activity as his body looked fat and soft like a dough boy.  Also, unlike Ryan and her own son, who wore the usual baggy shorts and t shirts, Norman was dressed in a pair of slacks and an open neck sports shirt with a pen in the shirt pocket.
              Just now the boy sat petrified beside her on the sofa, looking desperately around the room as if seeking an escape and Amanda smiled to herself as she thought how much fun it was going to be breaking this guy.  She would  have him eating pussy just the way she liked it in no time and then she would allow him to fuck her and as the cameras rolled the money would pour into her bank account.
 	"Did your mother tell  you what was going to happen tonight?" 	"Yes." Norman mumbled in reply without daring to look to look at Amanda.
 	"And what do you think about it?  Ever had sex before?"
 	"No," Norman mumbled again. 
	"Well, it's not that bad, in fact, it is quite pleasurable and it is going to make you and your mother a lot of money."
             When all she could get out of Norman was another mumble and another desperate look around the room, Amanda knew what she had to do.
              "Look at me," she suddenly ordered Norman who slowly turned towards her with stricken eyes.  He first glanced up at Amanda's face and then lowered his gaze towards her big tits, his face growing red in embarrassment.
	"Go ahead, look at them," Amanda urged as if reading his thoughts and then she quickly pulled her top off followed by her bra so that her naked tits jiggled enticingly right before Norman's eyes.
      They were big and wide in shock and Amanda hoped her cameras were getting all this.
            Norman just stared at Amanda's huge tits for a second before reaching out to grasp them in his hands.  He pulled, pinched, and played with her rapidly hardening nipples for a minute before lowering his mouth to begin sucking and licking at each in turn.
          Well, finally, that got  him started, Amanda told  herself as she allowed the boy to have his way with her tits.  However, after a few minutes, she pulled Norman's mouth off her boobs and began kissing him and soon the boy was into that too.  His tongue explored her mouth while his hands continued to play with her tits.
	"Now lets see what you look like,"Amanda suggested after a particular long kiss.
            She then helped Norman take off his shirt and ran his hands over his nearly hairless naked chest and stomach.  She could tell the boy liked it what she was doing with her hands so she continued by toying and pulling at his nipples, making him jump and gasp.
            Amanda was thoroughly enjoying herself because she was totally in control of another new boy, Ryan had been fun, there was no doubt about that but he had been getting a little hard to manage so it was time to find herself somebody else to manipulate.
	"Now your pants,' Amanda told the boy as she set to work undoing his belt and pulling down the zipper of his trousers.  Norman just stood there as she pulled them down to his ankles so he could step out of them.  Next came the socks so that Norman was standing before her with only his jockey shorts on and his cock making a huge tent in them.
              "Seems like you're liking it so far because this never lies," Amanda said with a smirk on her face as she reached out and grasped Norman's erect cock through his underwear.  She could feel the boy twitch, jump and moan and she could hear his heavy breathing as she expertly pulled and rubbed his hard, throbbing organ.  Typical man, she was thinking, as she continued to toy with Norman's cock without taking it out of his underwear.  
 	Amanda felt quite pleased with herself and with the power she felt as she deliberately continued to manipulate Norman's cock until with a loud cries and gasps, he came in his underwear.  There was a rapidly spreading  huge stain on his shorts and such a mortified, shameful look on the boy's face that Amanda moved out of the way so that the cameras could catch everything.  She knew it would be a real money making shot when her viewers saw how much control she had over Norman.
	Amanda let Norman rest for some time.  For a while he just lay back on the sofa, still naked with a very limp dick as he caught his breath.  Then he looked at Amanda with a very embarrassed look on his face and tried to mumble some kind of apology.
	"Sorry," Norman stammered with  a very red face.  
	"I screwed everything up, didn't I?  My mother said that unless I help you make the videos you won't make any money and you will lose your house, car and everything.  That you and Tim will be out on the street.		
	Amanda, relishing what was happening and seeing the opportunity to gain complete over Norman, began to console the poor boy who looked as if he was going to burst into tears at any second.
	"Yeah, you did screw things up maybe badly.  After all who wants to watch a porn video when the leading male comes so quick he doesn't get a chance to do anything to the woman."
	Amanda watched Norman's shame filled face for a moment before putting a bright smile on her face and telling him that since the evening was early they might be able to salvage the night yet.
	As Norman looked up with interest, she continued.  "You just have to do what I tell you to do and I will see if I can make the next video better."
	"Okay," Norman said.  "Just tell me what to do and I will do it.  I promise I will help you make a good video this time.'
	Amanda, now assured that she had the boy completely under her control, began giving him orders which he quickly carried out.
	"We are going to start all over again and do exactly what I say.  First I want you back over on the sofa beside me."
	Norman quickly obeyed her command.  Seconds later he was ogling her big naked tits, and at Amanda's command, took them in his hands and began to slowly manipulate the titty flesh.  Then he toyed with and teased the nipples until they were erect hard little buds before taking each in turn into his hungry mouth to suckle at them like a little baby.
	While he played with Amanda's tits, she began to manipulate his cock in her soft, warm hands.  The organ was still limp to begin with but it was growing hard again quite rapidly.
	Amanda manoeuvred Norman's body around so that the camera was able to capture her jacking him off.  Once she was satisfied that her perverted viewers had a good shot of that action,she had the boy begin playing with and sucking on her big naked tits.  Not that he needed any encouragement as his eager mouth and hands were all over them until she decided she was getting so hot and horny that she wanted his fingers and tongue in other places
	Norman was still feeling so bad over his previous failure that he was desperately trying to make amends by following Amanda's commands to the T.  In no time, he was between Amanda's wide spread legs and finger fucking her in the precise manner demanded of him.
	Amanda was thoroughly enjoying herself and relishing the power she now held over Norman.  Her cunt was so sopping wet now that she thought she would have orgasm immediately and she wanted the feel of the boy's tongue in her.  She wanted  him lapping away at her clit and pussy juices so she began to give Norman new instructions.
	At first Norman hesitated when Amanda told him to start licking and sucking her gaping, wet cunt but all she had to do was mention his earlier fiasco and he obediently stuck his face into her pussy and began to do what he was told to do.
	Amanda could see his nose wrinkle at his first taste of her pussy juices but it didn't bother her in the least.  She just wanted Norman to eat her to an orgasm.  What the hell, she thought, as Norman's tongue continued to drive her crazy as it slashed away at her clit.  The boy better get used to the taste of cunt juice if he made films with her.
	In moments Norman's tongue had driven Amanda to orgasm and she lay back on the sofa with her legs still spread wide.  Between her legs Norman still knelt obediently, his shocked face covered with her pussy juices.
	When Amanda stirred herself back to reality she smiled down at Norman and praised the boy for his work even though she felt he still had a ways to go before he was as good a carpet muncher as she wanted him to be.
	A little praise goes along way, especially if I want to keep control of everything, she told herself while expertly stroking Norman's cock.  Not that he needed much encouragement.  Thanks to the resilience of youth, his cock was already hard and Amanda was more than ready for a fuck.

	Time to take another cherry she mused, as she positioned Norman's cock to the entrance of her cunt and allowed him to start fucking her.  He did too, with one excited plunge that drive his eager cock deep into her and then he quickly began to fuck her.  Thanks to his earlier ejaculation, Norman held out for five minutes before Amanda felt him stiffen and with a loud groan his cock began spurting into her pussy.

	Five minutes was enough to give Amanda another orgasm, not as big as when he ate her cunt out but it was quite satisfying.  When they aroused themselves from the sofa, Amanda followed the same procedure she had used with Ryan which meant a quick shower and then another fuck in her bed. 