Dirty Pool
byButchheathway©

My wife Mary and I were visiting old friends of ours Tony and Denise in Yorkshire for a week away from London in the late summer of 1986.

Mary was teasing me during the drive north by shifting forward in her seat and lifting the front of her skirt, showing her bare thighs above her stocking tops.

We arrived at their place just after lunchtime and I sat in the living room with Tony having a beer while Mary and Denise sat in the kitchen with a glass of wine. After half an hour or so Mary and Denise came into the living room and Denise says "Tony, why don't you drop Mary and Dave off at the Woolpack while I finish preparing for tonight?"

The Woolpack is a remote country pub where Denise has a part time job working behind the bar.

So Tony drops us off at the pub which is about half an hour away down a quiet country lane.

The pub is pretty quiet with only a few drinkers in as we walk through the door.

They notice Mary as she walks to the bar, her short skirt revealing her stocking clad legs accentuated by her heels drawing lust filled stares that she seems not to notice.

After getting the drinks and exchanging a few pleasantries with the barmaid we wander through into a separate room with a pool table, so I ask Mary "How about a game of strip pool?"

"How would we manage that?" Mary says nodding towards the other occupants who are two men that turn out to be the landlord and a friend who is a regular at the pub.

Both men are casually dressed with a pleasant enough appearance.

We sit down at a table with the drinks and watch the two men finish off their game.

Once they finish they place their cues on the table and go and sit in the bar.

As I set up the table I say to Mary..."So every shot you miss, you have to remove a piece of clothing."

She replies..."In your dreams."

I break and scatter the balls around the table without dropping anything and step back to allow Mary her shot.

It is only when Mary starts bending over the table to line up her shot that I realise how short her skirt is.

I'm rewarded with a clear view of her stocking tops and a glimpse of her bare thighs just above them as she leans over the table to line up her shot.

My heart skips a beat as I think about her bending over in front of the other men in the bar and wonder if they are going to get the same view of Mary if she has to line up a shot from their side of the table.

I was just about to let Mary know how much she was exposing when I realised how exciting the situation was.

In truth, the thought of these men getting the same view of Mary was too exciting to ignore.

I walked round the other side of the table facing the bar so I could see they were already watching her.

I take my turn as Mary misses and deliberately leave the cue ball in a position where Mary has to go around to the side of the pool table where the men have an unobstructed view of her as she bends over the table to line up her shot.

As she settles down to strike the ball her skirt rises up and exposes her stocking tops, her bare thighs becoming visible.

The sight of Mary unwittingly exposing herself in front of the men at the bar has the desired effect and I'm definitely starting to feel horny.

I whisper to Mary..."You should bend over a bit more, show me what's under your skirt."

"Behave...What can you see?"

"Not much, I can't tell what colour your knickers are."

"Can they see me from the bar?"

"Oh I think they got a good look, they've been staring at you since we walked in."

She is still bending over the table and she spreads her legs further apart so her skirt rides up a little higher.

"Let's see if this helps."

"Black." I say as her knickers come into view.

I have to admit that I find it a bit of a turn on knowing that these strangers are looking up my wife's skirt every time she bends over the pool table.

I whisper to Mary..."You're really making me hard."

It is becoming very obvious how horny Mary's exhibitionism is making her as all modesty seems to have gone out of the window and she seems to want to show off more and more.

"I'll bet you're not the only one."

The more she plays the bolder she becomes. Especially as the men watching her make a few very appreciative remarks about her legs when she has to stretch over the table and expose herself almost completely.

It's my turn at the table and Mary says the she has to go to the toilet and will be right back.

When she is out of sight one of the men walks over to me and says, "That's the best thing we've seen over that pool table in a long time. We hope you don't mind our saying so."

Two of them have now moved in for a closer look.

I try and think of a witty reply, but all I can manage is...

"I don't mind at all, she's just trying to put me off my game."

When Mary comes back I notice she has a couple more buttons undone on her top and her skirt seems even shorter if that were possible.

I deliberately miss my next shot and leave the cue ball so that Mary will have to reach right across the table and leave herself in a pretty compromising position.

I walk around to stand at the same end of the table from where she will have to play.

It is in a position where we are all guaranteed an excellent view when Mary bends over.

Mary looks over at me and the other men as she walks around the table in a very seductive manner before standing directly in front of us.

Starting to bend over the table she looks back at us and gives all three of us a naughty, cheeky little smile.

Mary lines up the cue in front of the cue ball and slowly bends over, her skirt rides up over the cheeks of her backside giving everyone a completely unobstructed view of her beautiful naked buttocks.

As Mary stretches right over the pool table to reach for the cue ball she exposes herself completely. We are now staring at Mary's totally naked pussy. I'm not sure who is more surprised, me or the other men staring with their mouths hanging open.

Mary has taken her knickers off while she was in the toilet and is now showing her exhibitionist streak in full.

I cannot believe what I'm seeing to begin with, and by the look on both of the other men's faces, neither can they.

Mary had recently waxed her pubic hair and her pussy lips are clearly exposed as she continues to lean right across the table with her legs wide open.

To see her exhibit herself so blatantly like this is such a turn on.

At this point one of the men watching, who it turns out is the landlord, stands up and looks to me and says..."I'm going to have a closer look."

I'm still staring at Mary's naked pussy, I'm too dumbstruck to say anything in reply.

I can see how wet she is as her pussy lips are slick with her juices.

I now realise how turned on this unashamed display of exhibitionism is making her.

I turn to the landlord and look him straight in the eye simply reply, "I'm sure she would enjoy that."

Mary is still bending over the pool table with her backside high in the air and her legs wide apart.

She looks over her shoulder at me..."Come and fuck me."

It is the landlord, who we find out later, is called Dennis, who moves first. He walks up behind Mary and after looking over for approval he kisses and licks all around her exposed backside, tonguing in between, reaching for her pussy.

His friend, who we also later find out, is called Ray, walks around to the other side of the table and lifts Mary up onto the table.

Ray undoes Mary's top and slips it off. Mary raises her shoulders to give Ray easier access to her tits, which he eagerly takes hold of, squeezing and caressing with both hands.

Moaning loudly with pleasure, Mary grabs Ray's head and pulls it towards her tits.

Ray takes Mary's nipples into his mouth, sucking one then the other until they stand erect with excitement.

Dennis pushes Mary's skirt right up over her backside and is now licking her pussy whilst he holds her open enabling him to get his tongue deep inside her.

Mary unbuckles Ray's belt and is now pushing his trousers over his hips to gain easier access to his throbbing, stiff cock.

Ray gently holds the back of Mary's head as she moves down to take him into her mouth. Slowly Mary's head begins to move up and down on Ray as he gasps at the sensation my wife's mouth has on his pulsing cock.

Watching Mary have her pussy licked by Dennis and taking Ray into her mouth at the same time is such a tremendous turn on.

Mary is obviously enjoying having both men at once judging by the moans and gasps of pleasure she is making.

The expression on her face as she removes Ray's cock from her mouth and looks over leaves me in no doubt she is in ecstasy.

The noise from Mary, Dennis and Ray on the pool table draws the attention of the two other people in the pub. The last man from the lounge and the woman from behind the bar come wandering into the room to see what is going on. The woman is called Sarah and as it turns out, is Dennis's wife.

Sarah stops in surprise and takes in the scene of Mary on the pool table with her backside sticking up, her husband Dennis's head between her legs, licking her pussy and her mouth sucking on Ray's cock. She turns to see me standing back watching my wife enjoy the attention of both men.

At first I'm not sure what to expect but when Sarah smiles as she looks at me, I know that there is nothing to be concerned about.

Sarah walks around the pool table, still smiling as she watches her husband lick Mary's pussy.

She slowly moves her hand across Mary's naked arse as she continues to walk around to where Ray is with his cock sliding in and out of Mary's mouth she looks over at me and kisses him passionately.

The man who comes in with Sarah is called Bob and he carefully moves up to the pool table to caress Mary's tits. I'm now looking at Mary enjoying the attentions of three men.

One tongue fucking her pussy, another with his cock in her mouth and the third caressing and squeezing her tits.

Sarah walks over and stands next to me to watch Mary receive the attention of these three men.

Mary willingly allows herself to be moved around as Dennis re-positions himself to lie down on his back on the pool table.

Ray and Bob eagerly help Mary climb on top of Dennis.

Sarah and I continue to watch as Mary squats over Dennis to guide his hard cock into her tongue soaked cunt.

Sliding down Dennis's cock, she leans forward towards Bob at the end of the table and takes his cock in her hand while Ray climbs onto the table to position himself behind Mary.

Mary is so turned turned on as she feels Ray place his cock against her arse, she groans...

"Oh yes! Fuck me there, fuck me everywhere."

With Dennis having previously lubricated between Mary's legs with his tongue,

Ray's cock slides slowly and easily into her arse.

With one cock deep in her pussy and another moving deeper into her arse,

Mary abandons herself to her lustful enjoyment and takes Bob's hard cock into her mouth.

Sarah moves over to one of the tables next to me and looking over her shoulder she pulls her skirt right up around her waist.

Bending over she exposes white knickers that are pulled so tight that her pussy is clearly visible through the now damp flimsy material.

Sarah is so turned on by watching Mary being fucked by her husband and his two friends that she isn't going to wait any longer, "Are you going to fuck me now?"

The sight of my wife taking three cocks at the same time has my own cock throbbing and Sarah wasn't going to have to wait any longer.

Her body shudders as I insert one then two fingers inside her. I feel her legs move apart as she places one knee up onto the table to spread her legs wider to allow easier access.

Taking this as an invitation to fuck her I stand up and rub the tip of my cock up and down between pussy lips.

She is so wet with her own juices my cock slips easily deep inside.

She pushes back as my cock slides in and looks over her shoulder as I begin to thrust into her hot, wet pussy.

Over on the pool table, Mary's moans are a bit muffled as she continues to suck on Bob's cock while riding the other two cocks.

Bob grunts loudly as he pulls out of Mary's mouth and tosses himself off inches in front of her face, shooting all over her face and tits.

"Yes, oh yes, cum on me...fuck me...fuck me."

Ray lets out a low moan as he shoots his load deep into her arse.

"Fuck me, cum inside me, fill me with cum."

Ray eases his cock out of her arse as she rides vigorously on Dennis' cock.

Now it's Dennis's turn as both he and Mary come together with loud cries of ecstasy.

"Fuck, yes, oh... yes!"

All four of them are now coming down from intense orgasms and looking over as I fuck Sarah from behind.

Sarah's fingers are rubbing furiously at her clitoris as I grab her by her hips and pound my cock deep inside her hot, tight pussy.

Mary slides off the pool table and walks over. She first kisses Sarah passionately on the mouth and runs her hands over her tits, then she walks behind me and runs her hands all over my arse.

Mary plays her fingers around my arsehole then down to my balls.

She then Kneels down and scrambles underneath and starts to lick my balls and Sarahs' clit.

With Sarah's tight pussy thrusting back against my cock, combined with the attention I'm now receiving from Mary, it doesn't take long before I explode deep inside Sarah's pussy. Sarah's body tenses up and then shudders as her own climax hits.

Feeling the delicious softness of Sarah's beautiful round arse against my groin I push my pulsing cock deeper into her, filling her pussy with copious amounts of cum. It's one of the most intense orgasms ever.

The entertainment isn't finished yet. Both women decide that they are going to put on a girl on girl show. You sit down with the rest of the men and watch Mary remove Sarah's clothing. They then begin kissing each other in earnest once Sarah is as naked as Mary.

They explore each other's mouths with their tongues as their hands search out intimate parts of their bodies. Sarah licks Mary's tits and sucks on each nipple in turn. Mary's hands are groping at Sarah's buttocks, then working one hand between Sarah's legs, pushes them apart giving the audience a perfect view of her fingers siding into Mary's wet pussy.

Sarah turns around so that her back is to Mary. Mary reaches around in front of Sarah, cupping her tits in her hands as she kisses Sarah's neck and shoulders. Sarah reaches behind and puts her hand between Mary's legs and lets her fingers explore Mary's pussy. At the same time, Mary has her hands on Sarah's pussy, her fingers spreading Sarah's pussy lips apart as you all sit watching with growing interest.

Mary pushes one finger, then two and then three fingers into Sarah's cunt. It is an immense turn on to watch my wife finger fuck this woman that we met just a short while ago, with her husband and friends as an audience.

Sarah take's Mary's hand away and lifting it to her mouth, sucks her own juices from Mary's fingers. She then puts Mary's hand back to her pussy to let Mary push her fingers in again. After a short while of Mary working her fingers in and out of Sarah's pussy, Sarah takes Mary's hand again and this time lifts it to Mary's mouth who eagerly licks and sucks Sarah's juices from her own fingers.

Sarah stands up and leading Mary by the hand takes her back to the pool table. Both women climb up on to the table and get into the sixty-nine position. Mary lies on her back with her legs wide open and exposes her shaven pussy, all wet and glistening with pussy juice and sweat. Sarah straddles Mary's face and lowers her hot wet pussy down to meet Mary's eager mouth. Sarah looks over to her audience and teasingly, very slowly licks along Mary's inner thighs, working her way up to her pussy.

Sarah lifts her head and pulls Mary's pussy lips apart with her fingers, Mary is so turned on that she is impatiently lifting her hips to meet Sarah's mouth. When Sarah does eventually push her face into Mary's crotch, Mary lets out a loud gasp as Sarah begins to tongue fuck her. This abandoned display of female lust and exhibitionism soon has all the men hard and ready again.

After watching Sarah tongue fuck my wife I move to the other end of the table to watch Mary give Sarah's pussy some attention. Mary has Sarah gasping in ecstasy. Mary's tongue licks and probes Sarah's soaking wet pussy. Mary looks up and with a big smile on her face spreads Sarah's pussy lips apart with her fingers and slowly, teasingly, licks around Sarah's sopping wet pussy, all the time watching my face. I watch as she stabs at Sarah's pussy with her tongue for several minutes before she buries her face hard against Sarah's crotch, rubbing furiously with her mouth against her clit.

This continues until both women reach a noisy climax almost at the exact same time. They moan and gasp with the pleasure they are giving each other with their bodies still writhing together on top of the green baize of the pool table. Holding on to each other's arse cheeks and thighs as they both continue to press their faces hard into each other's pussies.

They remain in that position for a few minutes, clinging onto each other in the sixty-nine position whilst their orgasm abated. Sarah then turns around and lay on the table next to Mary and they both kiss each other tenderly whilst they get their breath back.

Mary and Sarah are looking over at all four of us with our erect cocks in our hands and they turn to whisper something to each other.

They move into position on the pool table, Mary kneeling with her backside poised over the edge of the table and Sarah faces the opposite direction, her backside pointing high over the other side of the pool table.

Dennis walks up behind Mary while Bob walks around to the other side where her face is now level with his cock.

I position myself behind Sarah and place my hard cock against her glistening pussy, still soaked from my wife's mouth.

Ray goes around to the other side of the table so that his cock is next to Sarah's luscious mouth.

I slowly rub my cock up and down between Sarah's hot, wet pussy lips before slipping into her welcoming pussy.

I can't help looking over as I hear Mary's muffled groan as Dennis slides his cock into her. Looking down at Mary's face I realise she already has Bob's cock in her mouth, working her head up and down its length while he gently spanks her arse. Mary loves having her arse spanked when she is feeling really horny and sucking cock. It really gets her juices flowing.

My cock pulses inside Sarah's pussy as I watch Mary push herself back hard against Dennis's cock. Sarah has one hand between her legs rubbing at her clitoris as I have a tight hold of her hips, thrusting again and again deep into her pussy.

Sarah's other hand is slowly working at the base of Ray's cock as her head bobs up and down, swallowing his cock.

Both Mary and Sarah moan and gasp as they get fucked at both ends.

I love watching Mary as she thrusts herself back against Dennis who is now fucking her hard.

Bob thrusts his prick into her mouth as if he was fucking her pussy and at the same time pulling her head down onto his cock with her hair. This seems to turn her on even more as she sucks and fucks for all she is worth.

Dennis licks his fingers to make them wet before he pushes one, then two of them into Mary's arse. This really excites her as she arches her back to allow Dennis to get even deeper into her pussy with his cock and her arse with his fingers. Having both holes fucked at the same time is pushing Mary even closer to orgasm as she continues to push back against Dennis's penetrating cock and fingers.

I can't decide what is more exciting, having my cock buried to the hilt in Sarahs' hot pussy or watching my wife take such enormous pleasure from the attention she is receiving from Dennis and Bob.

Sarah's talent with her tongue brings Ray off as he shudders to a climax. She continues to suck on him until he is milked dry while I continue to fuck her from behind.

I can feel myself reaching orgasm as I watch Mary bring Bob off with her mouth.

He pulls hard on her hair as she sucks him dry, his cock buried deep in her mouth.

Sarah comes again as I shoot my load deep into her clenching pussy.

By the look on Dennis's face, Mary has his pulsing cock reach its final thrust deep into her tight hot pussy. Mary also orgasms as she reaches behind herself and pulls Dennis into her by his arse cheeks, shuddering as she comes in a powerful climax.

Once everyone regains their composure we all head into the bar.

Dennis and Sarah get everyone a drink and then rejoin everyone in discussing our new friendship.

Sarah says "Denise told us to expect you and make you welcome, I hope we did that."

Dennis speaks up "Tony doesn't know what goes on here but Denise enjoys her late night lock ins."

"You'll have to come down on Wednesday night when she's here and there'll be a few more regulars as well."

I look over at Mary and try to read her face to see if she thinks it's a good idea. 
 