Titless Topless Tomboy
by SDS 

My initial deception of the boys wasn't on purpose. I had stayed at my Grandma's house by the coast most summers since I was a little girl. Growing up I was never like the typical girls my own age. I was a tomboy who loved to roughhouse and play boyish games and often avoided other girls. The friends I had made over the years local to my Gran’s house had all been boys. I had introduced myself as Charlie as I hated being called Charlotte to them. Quickly I realised my shortish hair, sports attire and general demeanor had convinced them I was too a boy. I was too embarrassed to correct them and year after year my deception only got worse. Initially It hadn't mattered much but as time passed and we grew older the fear of being caught out grew as our differences developed.

Two years had passed since my last visit and I was now a teenager. Despite this I was both short and vastly undeveloped in the boobs department. I could have easily passed for a much younger girl or as it turned out for a younger boy! My initial fears of discovery had been swept away quickly as Cody and the other boys greeted me out of the car having heard of my arrival in advance!

At first I was teased for being still being a small fry as these boys had all matured and suddenly my heart was sent fluttering thinking back to our once innocent games and interactions. Any thoughts of confession drifted away as we fell back into our normal games and adventures. I just always made sure to dress as boyish as I could around them. The other boys just took my voice and stature of not going through puberty and somthing to tease me about.

Our wrestling games suddenly turned into something much more exciting for me. Dressed in only our shorts, vests or for the actual boys often topless, the close physical contact was unreal. I had never really noticed boys before but now my tanned, fit, playmates were all I could think of as we tumbled together and they easily forced me into submissive positions. I found myself flushed often as the powerful boys pinned me down laughing.

It turns out the boys had also found girls too. Many of our games turned into spying sessions trying to catch girls undressing or at the beach. Little did they know they had a girl right in their midst. We would hide in some bushes overlooking the beach trying to spy with one pair of binoculars as young teens or women got changed under towels not always so careful about their exposure. We also one evening crept onto a well facing the back of a local girls’ house as we tried to watch her get changed through a window. She caught us and we all ran off laughing as she cursed a few of the boys she knew from school loudly.

The boys shared many stories, most I’m sure were made up of seeing girls in their underwear, or naked, kissing girls or even copping a feel of their boobs. I could only blush as a contribution to these stories, much to the amusement of the boys as they teased me for still being a little shy kid.

I learned alot about male anatomy and the habits of teenage boys as they proudly declared about porn they had watched and played with themselves over or girls that they had seen and used for memory stimulation later. A few of the boys I had seen with tenting erections under their shorts during our spying missing or when they talked about girls as their hormones raged. For myself I often found myself flushed and getting very excited in the kitty area!

Everything was going well until a week in, a surprise swimming session caught me unawear! We were hanging around by a swimming pond as the boys suddenly all started stripping off. Only one was wearing trunks, the others wore boxers or briefs as I watched them in open mouthed shock. I was in heaven as I stared at them undressing to their private undies! To my young self the boys were like tanned gods. The boys soon noticed I wasn’t joining them however and started shouting for me to get undressed too.

I tried to protest but this only brought the attention of every boy in our group as they teased me. They shouted at me for being shy or too scared to strip. They started heading over, probably to strip me themselves. Reluctantly I started to strip, my heart pounding as I quickly revealed my vest and then my white panties to the boys. I was so sexually charged and shaking now as I showed off my private garments for the first time to them. They were plain white, big and luckily passed just enough for boy undies that the boys didn't really notice the subtle differences. They did tease me for being shy and wearing little boy undies however. All six other boys were topless and I knew it looked odd to be in a vest, dare I really strip off to join them?

I had not worn a bra all week, not even the training ones I wore to school usually for fear of being caught. I did however have a vest that just about covered my budding little boobs. I worried the boys would get suspicious so while their attention was mostly away from me I quickly stripped off this too. I could barely walk as I tiptoed towards the waiting water and the boys splashing around nearly naked. Everything felt so surreal as I was practically naked in public, only my knickers covering me.

I wanted to cover up my little nipples and panties so badly but dare not attract attention to myself. I ran for the water quickly. A couple of the boys watched me closely, their own confusion almost reaching a conclusion as I bombed into the water glad for any covering I could get. Truth be told I may have been titless but in that moment of near nudity, wearing only my knickers I looked very feminine. If the boys had more experience of girls they would have surely noticed my elegant hips, the way my knickers were shaped without a bulge, the subtle difference in my ‘just about to bud’ breasts and the way I screamed as I jumped into the freezing water.

My previous deceptions however was the only thing that kept my identity hidden as I found myself splashing and playing along with the boys. How could their playmate they had know for half a decade not be a boy? My hormones were raging now as I jostled and played near naked with them. The sun and cold water kissed my exposed nipples and my knickers soaked through clinging to my privates, my womanly secrets only hidden by the waist high water.

The feeling of naughty freedom was unreal, I would never usually let a boy my age see my underwear, nevermind being totally topless only in them. I was ashamed of my undeveloped body but somehow the boys thinking I was one of them let me live out every fantasy that washed through me on a sleepless night of exploration. It didn’t matter that I was flat, the boys only saw me as one of them.

My nipples were super sensative, every slight touch or splash of water of cold water setting chills through my body. The water was murky enough from our activity that I could even give myself a few sly touches below, feeling the electricity of excitement explode through me. I ached to find myself a private place and looked forward to my bed for non-tiredness reasons that night. The boys weren't the only ones who knew how to enjoy themselves.

I watched one boy get out in only his white briefs. I could see his willy and balls clearly through the soaked fabric. This would have been a brand new level of exitment if it didnt bring a new revelation. I suddenly knew I would have a similar and even worse problem when It was time to exit myself. This new fear damped some of my hormonal excitement. I was currently living a dream but could easily turn into a nightmare. I was brought back to reality of my playmates finding the truth. How would I live it down if they knew they had seen me in just a pair of knickers. However it turned out this was the least of my problems as our games raged on and a new group joined us by the swimming hole.

We didn't notice them at first but suddenly a cry of feminine delight errupted as the group of girls burst from the undergrowth laughing at us making their way to our disgarded clothes. They were all around our age, I vaguely remembered them from years before but now they had filled out their swimsuits and blossomed into lovely young women unlike myself. Their goal was obvious catch some skinny dipping boys.

The boys made a run for it, covering their underwear as they ran for their own clothes or just ran the opposite direction away from the laughing girls. I was too slow. I had just made it a few steps on land, my hands clasped over my front as I was tripped by a skipping rope. Time seemed to stop as I fell to the floor, my whole world falling apart.

“Got one!” Laughed the girl as I found mysel pinned to the muddy bank. “Eh who is that anyway?” another girl asked, walking over to examine their prize. It was the girl we had been spying on the night before. I was hyperventaliting now as I was stuck!

“That skinny city boy they’ve been hanging around with! Oh my god look at these little undies!” I tried to break free but there was too many girls now. They pulled by hands away from my bottom letting them get a good look through the soaked fabric.

“Please let me go!” I begged in total panic now. The girls only giggled at my plight.

“Turn him over!” “Yea lets see his willy bet it’s tiny!”

I tried to fight but honestly against 5 bigger girls I had no chance, Their laughing and giggling was silenced as I gasped in shock. I was turned over pinned to the floor, totally exposed with no willy to show.

My thin, white, soaked through knickers showed every inch of my kitty to the group. The girls had been hoping to catch a boy but had caught a girl instead. This was my worst nightmare, well at least the nightmare I could think right then, it was about to get a lot worse for me.

“He’s a girl!” Screamed one group in total shock, the spell broke and the other all started laughing uncontrollably as I tried to break free and cover up my exposed self. The girls however had other plans pinning my arms to the side. “Do the boys know?” one asked me eventually.

I was crying, “no, please don’t tell them!” I begged as the girls examined me closer. The girls had no mercy however, they were riled up and ready to totally humiliate me. “Look at these flat little boobies” one girl laughed, tweaking my nipples making me cry out in shame.

Using the jump rope they had brought along earlier they pulled me over to a tree and tied my hands above my head over a branch. I tried to fight but after a few slaps and punches to the gut they had me subdued enough to get me into position. “Don’t worry we won’t tell them…. We’ll show them!” They then yanked my knickers down to my ankles as I could only look down in horror. They ran off then shouting for the boys to come rescue their friend.

I was butt naked, hands tied above my head facing a tree with my bare bottom on display as my friends approached. I squirmed trying to conceal myself against the trunk the best I could as they ran over laughing at me for being caught. My crying didn't stop and my boyish-borvado was now totally gone as they teased me for being stripped and letting the girls see my little willy.

“Nice bottom Charlie!” Laughed one boy as I blushed bright red knowing they were now seeing me totally naked

“Pull up my underwear please!” I cried hoping there was some tiny chance of getting out of this situation.

“Turn him around, lets see his willy he’s been so shy to hide!” laughed one boy loving my humiliation from a playful banter situation.

“Nooo” I wailed trying to kick back and inovertandly kicked my knickers off my foot instead.

“Got your undies now!” teased one boy holding them up. He froze, the texture didn't seem right, he looked at the fabric tab at the waistband . “Girls 10 to 11! Hey guys Charlie is wearing panties!”

“What!” Laughed another boy grabbing my knickers to look himself. “He is wearing... ”

He froze looking over my naked form again, my messy hair, almost too long for a boy’s, my girlish sobbing, my lovely pale bottom. “Charlie’s a girl...” He stuttered in total shock.

I was broken, the boys who were slowler on the uptake in disbelief turned me around. I tried to pull a knee up to cover myself but the boys in singular purpose now pulled it away. Their playmate, their confidant, their friends had betrayed them.

Any doubt the boys might have had quickly washed away as they stared down at my exposed kitty. A few growths of fuzz were all that covered it as I sobbed tied up and naked in front of them. “Charlie’s a girl… a naked teenage girl” one stuttered. I blushed an even deeper red as my once friends bust into laughter soaking in the lustful sight of my skinny form.

“A naked teenage girl with no tits?” laughed another boy

“Maybe just a naked little girl who wants to play with us big boys”

“Well maybe we should show her how we play with naughty little girls who try and spy on us”

Any hope of being released quickly washed away. I noticed through the tears streaming down my eyes that all of the boys now had boners again. I couldn't enjoy this however as I was the cause.

“Please, I’m sorry” I wailed

“What should we do with her?” One boy asked Cody the ring leader.

“Maybe give her a canning? Find some switches and warm her bottom up” Another added

“Charlie? Is that even your real name? Why did you lie to us?”

“Please … I’m ..I’m sorry I didnt mean to” I sobbed “I just wanted to be your friends.”

The next few minutes were a blur as I cried trying to tell them my story. I could tell by their faces the boys quickly dismissed their earlier anger. I’m sure most of it was the fact they now had a naked girl to look at. I tried to anwser their questions the best I could but my sobbing lost most of my side of the story. They then let me down shortly afterwards as I quickly grabbed my clothes to get dressed again.

As I got dressed Cody threw my knickers over to me and shouted.

“Hey Charlie, we’ll see you again tomorrow but you better be wearing some girly clothes and nice knickers this time or you’ll be in trouble when we call for you” He grinned as I ran away. I couldn't believe what had just happened to me, my legs were shaky as I ran back to my Gran’s house. I still had two weeks of holiday left. How would I ever live down being tied up naked in front of the boys? How could I ever face them again knowing they had seen my little nipples and exposed sex.

That night tried to calm my nerves but also found the most confusingly intense sexual release of my life. The events of the previous day playing out over and over again in my mind.

The next day I dressed in a pair of flowery knickers and a short summer dress. My Grandma commented on how lovely l looked and even helped me with my hair. I was shaking as the boys called for me but they looked pleasantly surprised to see me looking like a girl.

The rest of my summer was one of firsts. Did they see my knickers again? Oh yes, almost every day! Did they see me naked? Only a few times to my relief. However our games changed from that day on, I got my first kiss, my first real sight of a naked willy and learned a lot about growing up to say the least.
