Story Codes - MF nosex bd bondage ds Mdom nc snuff 

You would invite me over to your house for drinks after we'd spent a few weeks flirting online, and I would accept.  I would fix myself up nice for you, wanting to make a good first impression, so I'd put on one of my sexiest dresses, maybe my tight, black, one shoulder minidress and black pumps.  I probably wouldn't wear panties, because who wants visible pantyline when they are trying to impress?  

When I got to your house we'd share a few drinks and eventually you'd start to tell me about your kinkier side, and I'd become curious.  You'd show me pictures of the women you'd played with before, telling me how much they loved it, and how they kept coming back for more, and that would get me even more excited.  In the end I'd beg you to show me how you play with your girlfriends and you would happily agree.  

You would tell me to wait in the middle of the living room while you went to your bedroom to fetch a few things, and you'd come back with a skinny black necktie in your hands.  You'd tell me to place my wrists behind my back, and I'd be nervous but excited as you used the tie to bind my hands tightly behind me.  then you would stand behind me and run those strong hands of yours over my shoulders, across my collarbone and up around my throat.  I'd begin to breathe faster as I got even more nervous, but I'd totally be into it, my pussy getting so wet just from anticipating how your hands would feel squeezing my flesh.  

You would very slowly close your fingers together around my slender neck until I suddenly couldn't take in a breath, and you'd keep your fingers there, just barely cutting off my air.  I would try to relax at first, because I would know that this is all just an erotic game for both of us, but after maybe thirty or forty seconds i would begin to panic in spite of myself.  You would tighten your grip slightly just to make sure I couldn't wriggle free of your powerful fingers, and then you would pull my body back against you so that you could really feel my struggling.  

After about a minute or so I would really be freaking out, my eyes bulging wide and my face growing bright red.  You would whisper things in my ear as you held me tight, telling me how sexy I was suffocating for you.  Even though my head would be spinning with panic, the words would go straight to my excited pussy, making me even more aroused.  You would keep squeezing as I lost my footing, my legs starting to kick wildly beneath me, one of my shoes falling off my feet, and my skimpy black dress would ride up over my thighs to expose my wet pussy to the air.  

Just when I felt like I couldn't possibly take another second of this, you would loosen your grip, keeping a hold of my neck, but lightly, just enough to hold me up as I began to swallow down air in desperate gulps.  As oxygen rushed back to my brain I would collapse backward into your arms, and you would very gently lay me down on the carpet, stroking my cheek as its color slowly returned to normal.  Then, just as I would open my mouth to tell you how incredible that felt, you would surprise me by covering my lips with your palm.  I would look at you, confused, not understanding that, for you, the game wasn't over yet.  

You would allow me two or three sharp breaths through my nose before reaching down and pinching my nostrils shut with your free hand, and suddenly I wouldn't be able to breathe again.  Though my body would already be exhausted from struggling before while you choked me, I would still find the strength to squirm, albeit weakly, against the floor, so to make sure I couldn't get away you would climb up over me and sit on my tummy, pinning me to the rug.  

As the seconds turned into minutes, my bucking and kicking would begin to slow, and my eyes, which had been wide with terror, would begin to relax.  All the while you would be looming over me, gazing down into my eyes, not even blinking, you're so focused with concentration.  My head would be swimming, my ears buzzing, and I wouldn't be able to think, to focus on anything at all except your face.  The last thing I would be able to see before I succumbed to permanent blackness would be you lowering your lips to kiss my forehead.  The last thing I would hear would be your heavy breathing in my ear.  And then I would be gone.

email me at andreadarling@outlook.com

thanks for reading :)
