The Jungle Club was one of the hottest night-spots on the ship; not because it was particularly fancy or exclusive but simply because the music was good and the drinks were reasonable. By the time they got there the place was already buzzing. The bars were crowded and the dance floor was starting to fill up. Alex had to shout into Lister’s ear to make himself heard over the music, “You want to get a drink?” Lister nodded, then turned to the others and mimed drinking movements to get the point across. They all gravitated over to the nearest bar. 

Lister felt oddly nervous about tonight. He really wanted the others to get to know Alex, and like him; but he had a feeling that although the others were making an effort, that Rimmer might be a little harder to win over. He’d been polite, but icy all evening. Cat was easy enough to please; Alex was well-dressed and that was all he asked. Kriss and Kryten were both fairly eager to make friends so that they could all spend more time together, and Lister had a suspicion that even if Kriss had been unsure, that Alex would have managed to charm her – they seemed to be getting on very well.

In fact they seemed to be having a fairly animated chat, albeit in the ‘yelling-at- each-other-over-the-music’ kind of way. They laughed at something and Lister suddenly felt weirdly uncomfortable with their chumminess. He stepped in between them, “What are you guys drinking?”

He had rather hoped that after a few drinks Rimmer might lighten up a bit, but he seemed determined to be grumpy. He stood slightly away from the rest of the group with a glass of white wine and made no effort to join in the conversation at all. Lister was about to go over and say something to him, when Alex grabbed his arm and pulled him out onto the dance-floor, gesturing to the others to come with them. Lister rolled his eyes, but went with him, smiling. He should have known Alex would want to dance. Despite his protests, he had a sneaking suspicion that the N-Sync CD he’d found in his quarters was actually his. He did love his cheesy music.

As if by magic, the crowded dance floor opened up to make room for them. The sight of Kryten tap-dancing tended to make people move themselves slightly further away; and if that didn’t do it, then the Cat’s extravagant kicks did. They made such an odd group, Lister really found it impossible not to laugh when he thought about how strange they must look. But then, he found he didn’t actually care. He was having a great time. “I thought you didn’t like retro music!” Alex shouted into his ear with a knowing grin. “I’ll tell everyone I was drunk!” Lister shouted back cheekily. They laughed happily and Alex caught his hand and twirled him, much to Kristine’s amusement. 

As Lister turned, he caught sight of Rimmer standing just off the dance floor, watching him and Alex with his arms folded and a very sour expression on his face. Lister smiled and waved for him to come over and join them. Rimmer shot him a look of pure disdain and walked off. Lister watched him go, feeling more than a little hurt. He felt Alex gently tug his hand and turned to see him looking at him sympathetically. He’d seen it too. “Don’t worry about it, Dave,” he shouted into his ear, “The guy’s an asshole. Forget him.” Lister smiled weakly and allowed Alex to draw him back into dancing. If Rimmer wanted to be moody, he could. He wasn’t going to let it spoil their fun.

For the most part, the night was a success. They had a good time and Alex charmed the others enough that Lister was granted unofficial and unspoken permission to continue spending time with him. The only downer on the whole evening was Rimmer.

At some point, presumably shortly after Lister had spotted him scowling at them, he had just left the club altogether, not even bothering to come over and say goodbye. It wasn’t until the rest of them finally decided to call it a night, and searched the club to tell him they were leaving, that they even realised he had gone.

When Lister got back to their room, the lights were off and Rimmer was in bed. Stifling a huff of annoyance, Lister undressed in the dark and hopped up onto his own bunk. Another time he might have turned the lights on and woken him up deliberately, just to annoy him. But although part of him was angry and did quite feel like starting a row and telling him so, another part of him just couldn’t even be bothered with that. As much as he hated to admit it, Lister was feeling very hurt by Rimmer’s behaviour and didn’t actually want to talk to him at all. The whole reason they’d planned this evening had been because of him; to include him and make him feel better, and he’d just thrown it back in their faces. He hadn’t even tried.

Lister rolled over to face the wall and curled up moodily. Well, he’d had it. Why should he always be the one who had to make an effort? Why did he always have to adjust his plans and his wants to accommodate Rimmer’s sulks and tantrums? Enough was enough. Alex was a better friend than Rimmer had ever been. He didn’t need that smeghead! Rimmer could go to hell!

He didn’t notice as he fell asleep, that he should have been able to hear Rimmer’s breathing in the bunk below – slow and steady, as of someone who had been asleep for hours. So it didn’t occur to him that perhaps Rimmer had been lying awake in the dark all this time...feeling very alone and abandoned; waiting for him to come back. And wishing like anything he’d gone over to dance with them...