The Nelson Family Ch. 01
by RecHiker©
Chapter 1 - The Beginning

Jeff Nelson and Debbie Johnson had grown up together with their families living across the street from each other. As children they played in the yard and when they grew older they studied together. They were both "A" students and advanced through their classes very well. You would be correct to assume this couple was inseparable. 

Their families were well to do but wouldn't be classified by any means as extremely rich. Let's just say neither family ever wanted for anything. 

Both kids had business opportunities available to them now that they had graduated high school but they were in love so the first order of business was to get married, then settle down and go to work. They figured that college was optional since they had and inside into a business.

They had married while very young with the blessings of both families. Jeff was a very happy young man at 18 years old as he escorted his 18 year old bride Debbie up the aisle to the applause of friends and family after saying those famous words, "I do." 

The wedding reception followed where family and friends alike congratulated the young couple. The parents of the bride and groom had purchased a honeymoon package together and were sending the couple to Hawaii on the Island of Maui.

After only 3 hours at the reception, the young couple had to leave and change clothes to catch their flight to Hawaii. Both fathers left the reception with the young couple leaving the mothers to finish up the celebration.

Jeff and Debbie talked excitedly as they were driven to the airport. Both were more than a little nervous because neither had flown before and for the first time, both were going to be a long distance from their families. However they were thankful to their families for providing them with such a wonderful wedding gift.

Both fathers hugged the couple and said their goodbyes at the airport just before the couple disappeared through the gate towards the plane that would take them to Hawaii. 

The young couple left behind the adults who ruled their lives since birth and they were thrust into the real world around them. For the first time they had to make decisions on their own. Events and situations happened that changed the young couple forever. 

The flight was long and boring so Jeff and Debbie decided to get as much sleep as they could so they would be ready to have fun when they landed. 

Finally their plane landed in Hawaii, they found their luggage, hailed a taxi that took them to their luxury hotel which sat on the edge of a large sandy beach. After checking in, the bellboy escorted them to their honeymoon suite to begin their two week stay. Upon entering the suite, Debbie's eyes were wide as she ran between the 3 rooms. Jeff tipped the bellboy and sent him on his way then caught up with Debbie in the bathroom which featured a very large heart shaped hot tub.

They hugged and Jeff let his hands wander up and down Debbie's petit body. Debbie was sure his prize in life. She stood 5 foot 4 inches tall, she has blonde hair, and crystal blue eyes that can melt any heart, her personality can only be described as gracious yet a little wild. Jeff on the other hand was mild mannered which along with his looks drew Debbie to him. Jeff stood six foot tall, with black hair and he also had blue eyes. His looks always made Debbie's heart flutter and she was always proud being with Jeff.

Jeff and Debbie kissed and both their hands feverously worked at the buttons, belts and zippers of their clothes, stripping each other naked so they could begin to celebrate their new lives together with a hot session of sex. They made it into the bedroom with a trail of clothing being discarded as they went. At the foot of the bed the only thing that remained for each of them was Jeff's boxers and Debbie's panties. Each one stripped away the last of their clothes and embraced for another hot, open mouthed kissing session. Their tongues explored each other's oral cavity while hungrily groping body parts. 

In the heat of their passion, they heard someone knock on their door. At first they tried to ignore the person knocking but when they heard a louder, harder knock they broke their kiss and looked at each other. They whispered between them trying to decide if they should answer the door. Another hard knock followed by a male voice saying, "room service" they decided to find out what was so important. Debbie remembered seeing white robes in the bathroom and quickly ran in to get them. After both of them had put on a robe, Jeff walked to the door and opened it.

Standing in the hallway Jeff was greeted by a hotel maid and butler who were standing behind a cart with a large bottle of champagne in a bucket of ice and on the tray were some fruits native to Hawaii. The maid said she was there to help the young couple settle in and the butler said the champagne had been ordered with the honeymoon suite. Without thinking Jeff invited both into the room and closed the door after they entered.

Jeff turned to see a very embarrassed Debbie standing by in the middle of the room looking at the maid. The maid had walked past Debbie into the bedroom and had stopped when she saw the trail of clothes lying on the floor. Then Jeff remembered the trail and clothes and realized why Debbie had a funny look on her face. They were brought back to reality and both their heads snapped to look at the butler after he popped the cork out of the champagne.

The butler poured two glasses of champagne and handed the first one to Debbie and then one to Jeff. He offered the couple congratulations followed by a toast on behalf of the hotel. Both of them took a sip of champagne and the butler was treated to a brief glimpse of skin inside Debbie's loosely tied robe.

Once again their attention was diverted when they heard the maid call out to them from the bedroom. They walked to the door with champagne in hand, and gasped when they saw that the maid had opened their suit cases and had taken their clothing out and put it away in a drawer or the closet. The maid wanted them to know where they could find their clothes. They also noticed that the clothes they had been wearing were not on the floor any more. After the maid asked if they needed any further assistance, to which they told her they didn't. The maid told the couple that her name was Sally and the butler's name was Bill and they would be their personal maid and butler throughout their stay at the hotel.

As they walked into the other room, Bill told the couple that he would help them plan any side trips they may wish to take. He also told the couple if there was anything they wanted, he would be available to assist them. Sally and Bill turned and were ready to leave when Sally said she would check on the couple later to make sure they had everything. With a wave, Bill and Sally were gone and Jeff and Debbie turned to each other, giggled, sipped their champagne and strolled back into their bedroom.

After setting down their champagne they once again fell into each other's arms and passionately kissed. Soon both robes drifted to the floor and once again they were naked and groping each other's body. There seemed to be total animal lust flowing as they fell on the bed, squirmed up on the bed so their feet didn't hang off the edge. Jeff couldn't remember when his cock was this hard. All he knew was he wanted to fuck his bride and save the passion for a later date. Debbie meanwhile realized how turned on and wet she was. Her pussy was so wet with excitement the fluid leaked out on her legs making them sticky. She was very happy that she had a total Brazilian wax which included her pussy and her ass, a couple of days before her wedding. Debbie didn't want to have to shave while in Hawaii.

Jeff looked approvingly down at Debbie; he loved her more than anything. Her body, especially now that it was naked, turned him on. He loved her small, just barely "B" cup tits, topped with pink areola and pencil eraser sized nipples. He loved her bald pussy and as he moved down her body, moving between her legs he planted a kiss on her clit just before he attacked her clit with licks and nibbles, driving Debbie over the edge to her first of many orgasms she would experience in the next two weeks. After an hour of wild animalistic sex, both Jeff and Debbie cuddled in each other's arms and drifted off to sleep.

Debbie was the first to wake and she carefully unwound herself from Jeff and slipped out of bed. Naked she walked to the sliding glass door that led out to the small balcony. Stopping only briefly to look out the curtain, she could only see the ocean. After sliding the door open Debbie stepped out slowly onto the balcony while peaking through the railing to see what was below her and if anyone could possibly see her. After a few seconds, she stepped up to the railing and looked down at the beach. Standing outside completely naked for the first time in her life excited her and she could feel the wetness again forming in her pussy. A cool breeze coaxed her to open her legs and allow it to blow across her tender pussy. 

Her daydream was interrupted when Jeff called her name and asked where she was. Without moving she turned her head and told Jeff she was out on the balcony. Jeff came to the door after slipping on one of the white robes and was in the process of tying it when he saw Debbie standing there completely naked with her feet parted. At first Jeff was concerned and asked her what she was doing and Debbie told Jeff to take off the robe and step out because no one could see them. Jeff stepped out on the balcony but he was dressed in his robe. He looked down at the beach and saw people moving around and none of them seemed to be looking up at the hotel.

Being a bit adventurous Debbie stepped back while still leaning on the balcony railing, parting her feet more she looked at Jeff and said, "Jeff, please fuck me right here and right now!" "I want to cum while you fuck me where someone might see us."

Jeff was confused since he had never seen Debbie act like this. He knew his love had a little bit of a wild side but he thought that it ended at flirting and minor flashing. He never would have guessed that she would stand on a balcony completely naked and ask to be fucked. But to make his new bride happy, he stepped behind her, his cock was already hard and opened his robe. He lined up his cock with her pussy and slowly pushed forward until his 7 ½ cock was buried deep inside her. Slowly he began to pump into her feeling the walls of her tight pussy gripping him and trying to hold him inside her as he tried to withdraw his cock. 

Debbie turned her head to tell Jeff how much she loved him and she saw he still had his robe on. She told Jeff he needed to be more adventurous and to take off his robe. After much coaxing from Debbie, Jeff let the robe fall off his shoulders into a pile at his feet. This was really strange for Jeff because of his strict childhood. His parents were well known in the city where they lived and they expected their children to be on their best behavior at all times. Any deviation from the social norm was unacceptable and would be met with immediate punishment. So standing on the balcony fucking his new bride was frightening to him at first but then lust and love took over and he started vigorously fucking Debbie and even started looking at the beach wondering if anyone could see them.

Debbie felt her orgasm building and for the first time she became very vocal, moaning grew louder and louder as Jeff massaged her tiny tits while ramming his cock into her dripping pussy. Jeff could hear the squishing sounds as he buried his cock in the depth of Debbie's pussy. He could feel her pussy squeezing his cock as he pumped in and out of her. Both reached their orgasms at the same time, fucking, moaning loudly into the great outdoors without a care for who may or may not see them.

Trembling on weak knees, both Jeff and Debbie had to sit down and rest after such an earth shattering orgasm. Debbie with a huge smile on her face leaned over and kissed Jeff telling him thank you for such a wonderful fuck.

After a brief rest, Debbie got up and walked into the bathroom and called Jeff to fill the hot tub with water so they could relax. Jeff did as he was asked and both enjoyed the next hour hugging, kissing and fondling each other in the hot tub.

Later they dressed and went in search of something to eat. In the hall they met Sally who asked them if there was anything she could do for them. After talking for a few minutes, Sally told them while they were out she would straighten up their room.

After eating, Jeff and Debbie went for a walk on the beach. There were shops along the beach and Debbie was drawn to a particular shop that displayed bikinis. Debbie looked through the conservative bikinis and then her eye caught a scant bikini and walked over and picked it up. Debbie asked Jeff if she could have this skimpy bikini because they were on a beach so far from home and they wouldn't know anyone. Jeff thought the bikini would be a little too revealing but agreed to let Debbie buy it because she had sound reasoning.

After doing some more tourists exploring, they headed back to the hotel. Immediately upon arriving in their suite, Debbie stripped naked and put on her new bikini. When she walked out into the room where she left Jeff, she was surprised to find that the butler Bill was in the room with Jeff. Debbie stopped dead in her tracks and stared open mouthed at the two of them and their conversation stopped as they in turn stared at Debbie.

Debbie wanted to cover herself and run back to the bedroom but it was too late, they had already seen her. And see her they did because there were only a couple of small triangles of cloth covering her small tits and a similar size piece of cloth covering her pussy with only a string holding it up around her waist and another sting between her ass cheeks and connecting with the string around her waist. With much trepidation Debbie walked forward mentally telling herself to keep her arms at her sides because after all she was wearing a bikini.

Jeff and Bill's eyes were glued to her body as Debbie walked forward. Debbie did not have the top tied as tight as possible and as she walked the guys could almost but not quite, see her nipples. There was however no doubt in either guy's mind that Debbie didn't have any hair on her pussy. The small triangle of cloth that was covering her crotch was low enough that it barely covered her slit. Bill's cock leaped to life in his pants and he was afraid that Jeff would notice and turn him in to the hotel administration. 

Jeff meanwhile looked at his wife and had a twinge of jealously attack him, knowing that Bill was seeing everything he saw. But then Jeff couldn't explain why he was suddenly aware his pants were tightening up, as he felt his cock become harder by the second. Passing quickly through Jeff's thoughts was a question; did he enjoy another male seeing his wife in a stage of almost nakedness?

Debbie broke the spell which the two guys seemed to be under when she asked, "What's going on?" She continued with, "I didn't hear Bill come in, how long have you been here?" 

Debbie noticed both of them jerk their heads up to look her in the face. Debbie suppressed a giggle, thinking about the show she must be putting on for both of the guys standing in the room. 

Neither of them had even attempted to answer her question and thirty seconds had already passed.

Debbie asked again, "What's happening and how long has Bill been here?"

Finally, Jeff said, "Bill just arrived and was wondering if we wanted to take a short one day boat cruise on a private yacht tomorrow."

Debbie noticed Bill's eyes had dropped again and was now staring at her barely covered pussy and she suddenly realized her pussy was once again getting wet.

Debbie thought about the offer and then asked, "Who will be going on the cruise beside Jeff and me, if we decide to go?"

Bill stuttered and as he started to speak he said, "As part of the hotel gift to the newlyweds, the yacht was being chartered just for them to enjoy." 

Then Bill said, "The only people who will be on the yacht will be the two of you if you want to go, the captain and his mate, Sally and me."

Jeff looked at Debbie and verbally reasoned that it wouldn't be hospitable of them to turn down a gift from the hotel.

Debbie asked Bill, "What time will we need to be ready to go, what we need to bring and what time will we be returning?"

Debbie, feeling more comfortable being in her bikini in front of Jeff and Bill walked over to the table brought in earlier by Bill and poured some more champagne in a glass and picked up a piece of pineapple. She had noticed that both Jeff and Bill's eyes followed her to the table and she knew that when she walked to the table her complete backside was uncovered for them to see.

Facing them once again, she waited for Bill to answer her questions.

Bill visibly gulped, and said, "Since you will be the only ones on board for the cruise, you can name the time when you want to leave and he will inform the captain."

Bill continued to say, "Everything you need, will be on the yacht and you can wear whatever you want to wear. Also since we will be going out into international waters, you can wear a little as you want."

Bill's last statement caught both Jeff and Debbie by surprise and both asked simultaneously, "What do you mean?"

Bill explained, "When we reach international waters, you can basically dress anyway you want or if you chose, you can be as nude as you want. But I have to warn you that the salty air will cause you to burn faster so we will have plenty of sunscreen on hand for you to use."

Debbie asked, "Has anyone ever walked around nude on the cruise before and were they males or females?"

Bill replied, "Yes, just about everyone who has taken the cruise has been nude at some point during the day and some have been nude as long as possible." As an afterthought Bill said, "Both males and females have taken advantage of nude sunbathing on the yacht."

Again Debbie asked, "What about the captain, mate, Sally and him, would all of you be nude as well?"

Bill said, "We will be nude if you want, but only if you ask us to join you. Our job is to make your trip memorable and we won't do anything that will disturb you."

Debbie pointed out that both she and Jeff come from a very conservative upbringing and they were not sure if they could take off all their clothes in front of strangers. 

Bill thought he may as well take a chance and said, "Miss Debbie, the bikini that you have on right not does not leave much to the imagination and from what I see, you can be very proud of the body you are showing me now."

Jeff flinched at Bill's words but remained silent.

Debbie reacted to Bill's comment with pride but at the same time showed a tiny bit of embarrassment. 

Debbie, after a brief gasp, said, "We were out on the beach and I went into a bikini shop and found this and since I won't be seeing anyone from back home while we are here, I thought I could wear something more revealing. I didn't know you were in here when I came into the room, I was going to show Jeff how it fit me."

She continued by asking Bill, "Since you commented on my bikini, do you really think I look good in it?"

Once again Bill went on the defensive and wanted to make sure it was ok for him to speak his mind, and he asked, "Are you sure you want my comments, I don't want to say anything that will upset you and cause complications?"

By this time, Jeff decided he needed to say something so he asked, "What would you or Sally think if we decided to be nude on the yacht and would anyone else know about us being nude?"
Bill was fast to answer, "The captain of the yacht demands complete discretion for anyone who sails on his yacht. He makes it well known to everyone that the guests set the rules outside of anything that pertains to his navigation. Therefore, no one will ever reveal any details about what happens tomorrow, if you decide to go." 

Debbie dropped a piece of pineapple on the carpet and without thinking she bent over at the waist and picked up the piece of fallen pineapple. It wasn't until she was bent over that she realized that her ass was now totally exposed to both Bill and Jeff. She felt a tingle deep in her pussy and quickly decided to give them an extended view.

Jeff exclaimed, "Debbie, holy shit, do you know what you are showing us?" "We can see your pussy and your asshole!"

Debbie snapped back up and turned around to face Bill and Jeff and started to babble an apology. 

Once again, Bill was fast to say, "Miss Debbie, please don't apologize, the view was marvelous and you should be very proud to show others your beautiful naked body."

Jeff surprised himself when his mouth verbally expressed that same passing thought in his brain, when he said, "Well Debbie there isn't much left of you that you haven't let Bill see so I don't think you will need that bikini anymore today or tomorrow."

Then Jeff smacked his forehead and asked himself out loud, "Where did that come from?"

Debbie was standing staring at Jeff not sure what to say, Bill was standing beside Jeff and he was taking most of this in stride since he had seen other young couples come to the islands and cut loose.

Debbie asked Jeff, "do you mean you want me to take off my bikini and let Bill see me naked now?'

Hit with the reality of the situation and what had already escaped his lips, Jeff stood there stunned and not sure how to answer Debbie's question.

Debbie broke the moment when she said to Jeff, "If you want Bill to see me naked, you will have to walk over here and untie and take off my bikini."

Debbie was staring at Jeff and Jeff looked at Bill and then at Debbie. No one moved a muscle and the silence was deafening.

Once again, Debbie broke the silence by saying, "Jeff if you want me to go on the cruise tomorrow and if you want me to sunbathe nude, you will come over here right now and remove my bikini and let Bill see me naked!"

Moving as if he were a robot, Jeff walked over and positioned himself behind Debbie, he looked straight at Bill and asked Debbie, "Are you sure this is what you want me to do?"

Debbie didn't answer but she did nod her head slowly and she too looked straight ahead at Bill.

Jeff first untied the tie in the middle of Debbie's back and let the ends drop before he went to work on the tie behind her neck. Debbie reached up to cup the material that covered her tiny tits. She felt the strings loosen and then fall forward over her shoulders.

Staring straight at Bill, Debbie allowed her hands to fall away from her tiny tits and clutching the material in her left hand. 

Bill's eyes were riveted to Debbie's tits and Debbie eyes were now dropped where she saw a sizeable lump forming in the front of Bill's pants.

Jeff once again asked Debbie if she wanted him to proceed and once again, she nodded her head affirmatively.

Jeff worked on the string on the right side and after that was untied, moved to Debbie's left hip to untie that side. The material although untied did not fall away from Debbie's pussy because it was caught on her inner thighs.

Once the tie was undone of the left side, Debbie stood with the small patch of cloth dangling but still covering her bald wet pussy. Debbie once again instructed Jeff what she wanted him to do by telling him he would have to remove the last remaining piece of cloth which would display her naked body to Bill.

Debbie looked at Jeff and asked, "Now the decision is yours, do you want Bill to see my bald pussy, do you want him to know what your new wife looks like completely naked?"

Debbie told Jeff, "Move around to my side if you are going to remove my bikini bottoms so I can watch you and Bill as you pull down and reveal me to Bill."

Jeff moved to Debbie's side kneeled on the floor, looked over at Bill and then up at Debbie as his hands grasped the material of her bikini bottoms and drew the material downward and away from Debbie's bald pussy.

Once Jeff removed the material, Debbie moved only slightly so that her feet were parted and her bald pussy totally on display for both Bill and Jeff.

Jeff stood up and looked at Bill and said, "Bill let me introduce you to my wonderful wife Debbie."

Bill didn't say anything but his eyes were busy roving up and down Debbie's body as if he was trying to memorize it from head to toe.

Finally Bill let out a long breath and said, "Debbie you look fantastic and I want to thank you so much for showing me your beautiful naked body which up to now, you've only shared with your husband. I feel privileged to be standing here now looking at your tits and pussy with your husband's blessings."

Immediately, despite his upbringing, Jeff felt a wonderful wash of pride surge through him as another male had just complimented his naked wife on her beauty. 

On the other hand, Debbie felt her legs wobble as if they had turned to rubber, from being naked for the first time in her life in front of two males. The excitement surged through her body and she knew right then and there that she would be naked on the yacht tomorrow as soon as possible.

About three minutes passed quickly before Bill asked Jeff and Debbie what time they wanted to leave on their cruise.

Jeff and Debbie looked at each other, while discussing the time before they agreed that they wanted to be out on the water as soon as possible to take advantage of the whole day.

Being naked was finally settling in for Debbie and she began to feel comfortable with her nudity enough to walk around the room while making plans for tomorrow's cruise.

Bill wanted the moment to last so he described the yacht to them and how long it would take to reach international waters. He said there were bedrooms on the yacht so if they left early, they could go below and sleep until they reached their destination.

Bill's eyes followed Debbie around the room as he asked what they would like to do tomorrow while out on the water. He said they could fish, shoot skeet, swim and of course sunbathe on the main deck.

Debbie had moved a chair and turned it to face Bill and Jeff. When she sat down she didn't keep her knees together as a lady would, which didn't go unnoticed by the men. Both were trying to carry on a conversation and look as Debbie's open pussy at the same time. Her pussy was puffy and red showing that she was turned on letting the guys see her naked.

Debbie wanted to clarify something Bill said earlier about everyone could be naked on the yacht if they gave their approval so she asked Bill, "If we want to be naked and want all of you to join us, does that mean all of you are required to be naked to?" 

Bill tried to answer saying again, "The captain insists that we make the guests comfortable as possible during the cruise, so that means we will be taking our direction from both of you while we are out." And with a smile Bill said, 'The only restriction is you can't tell the captain how to sail his yacht."

Everyone got a laugh out of that before Debbie bluntly asked Bill, "Do I get a preview of your cock before we go out on the cruise?"

This took both males by surprise and both looked at Debbie before looking at each other.

As Debbie innocently looked back at them, she allowed her right hand to drop into her lap and she extended her middle finger until it rested lightly on her extended clit. Mindlessly, she gently rubbed her clit while both men watched her.

As much as Bill wanted to drop his pants and fuck Debbie right now, he restrained himself waiting for Jeff to give him the ok to allow him to show Debbie his hard cock that has not really been hidden since he arrived in the room.

Since neither man had moved nor had either said anything, Debbie got out of her chair, while staring at Jeff she walked over to Bill and stopped directly in front of him.

Never breaking her stare at Jeff, she reached out and started unbuckling Bill's belt, followed by undoing the button and then lowing the zipper of Bill's pants.

There was no reaction on Jeff's face so Debbie reached out and after grabbing the waist band of Bill's pants, she started to push them down and soon discovered Bill was commando under his pants.

Bill's cock popped straight up once it was free and hit Debbie in her stomach. Debbie let go of the pants and they pooled at Bill's feet. For the first time she broke her stare with Jeff and looked down to see the large cock pointing at her belly. 

Debbie reached out her hand and circled Bill's cock and unintentionally started stroking it. It was like Debbie was in a trance because she had never thought she would be standing completely naked in front of a stranger just one day after taking her vows of marriage to Jeff. Much less that she would be stroking a stranger's cock while her new husband watched her.

No one was saying a word despite all the head turning and staring at each other. No one knew what was going to happen next and no one was asking.

Suddenly Debbie dropped to her knees in front of Bill while stroking his cock she leaned forward and opened her mouth. Debbie licked the head of Bill's cock just before it disappeared inside her mouth. The only sounds that could be heard in the room were the sounds of Debbie slurping as she sucked Bill's cock and Bill moaning softly.

Jeff was like a statue fixed in place watching his nimble young beauty on her knees in front of a stranger with his cock in her mouth. His mind was whirling hundreds of miles an hour and he wasn't sure if he was jealous, angry or just plain excited to see his naked wife's mouth being fucked. One thing for sure, Jeff realized his cock was painfully trying to bust out of his pants.

Debbie sucked Bill's cock about five minutes before he started to groan loudly and picked up the pace fucking Debbie's mouth. He let out a louder moan and said he was almost there and he was going to cum soon.

Debbie knew what was coming because she had sucked Jeff's cock many times in lieu of being fucked at the end of a date. She loved the taste of cum and it didn't bother her that Bill was on the verge of filling her mouth. 

Debbie sucked and worked up and down his cock in earnest to give Bill all the pleasure she could possible provide him.

Suddenly Bill grabbed the sides of Debbie's head and pulled her forward until she was impaled on his cock and held her there as his cock began to spurt its load not only into her mouth but mostly down her throat. 

Debbie's eyes watered from the strange feeling of a cock in her throat for the first time and her gag reflex tried to kick in but Bill held her in place and didn't give her any room to retch and gag.

When Bill had finished filling Debbie's mouth he withdrew his softening cock covered with a mixture of his sperm and Debbie's saliva. 

Time stood still for everyone in the room. Bill was trying to catch his breath, Debbie was licking her lips as she stood up, Jeff was just looking between Bill's wet cock and his naked bride who had just sucked as stranger's cock.

Bill was to first to talk. He said, "I can arrange for both of you to spend the night on the yacht and we can put out to sea later today and come back late tomorrow afternoon, if you are interested."

Jeff smiled and while looking at his bride when he said, "I think I speak for both of us when I say, we would love to spend the night on the yacht."

Debbie nodded approvingly and added while looking at Jeff, "Bill you may inform the captain and his mate that we will be taking the nudist version of this cruise and that we want everyone to be completely naked as soon as possible and stay naked until we absolutely have to dress."

Bill bent down and pulled up his pants, while he fastened them he said, "I will make all the arrangements and he estimated that everything would be ready for them to cast off in approximately three hours."

Bill walked over and hugged Debbie and thanked her for showing her willingness to be a good sport.

Bill shook hands with Jeff and said he would come back in a couple of hours to get them and bid them goodbye as he closed the door. 

To Be Continued...

