This story contains mature content and is intended for the exclusive use of consenting ADULTS ONLY. If you can be offended by pornographic descriptions, or if you are a minor,Under the age of 18, it is illegal and forbidden to view, download, access or acquire this file by any means.
                   Please go do something else.
This material is Copyright, 2009  by cookiesncream925.  All rights reserved.  I specifically grant the right of downloading and keeping ONE electronic copy for your personal, non commercial use and reading so long as this notice is included.  Reposting requires previous permission and is only allowed IN ITS ENTIRETY, including this copyright notice. Any other use is illegal without the prior written consent of the author.

All persons here depicted, except public figures depicted as public figures in the background, are figments of my imagination and any resemblance to persons living or dead is strictly coincidental.

SunStruck
Chapter 3
He helps her to her feet.  She wobbles; a little, he holds her and carries her to the shower. He bathes them both, washes her from head to toe and concentrates the shower wand on her engorged nubbin, then before she can complain, he bends and takes her in his mouth and starts licking yet again.  He reaches back and slowly works a soapy finger at her puckered hole.  This takes her breath away, but only for a moment as she feels his finger slowly work its way up into her.  His tongue continues its magic and she feels it again, rising, slowly rising.  He raises himself but his finger remains.  He kisses her and takes her tongue as the water cascades over their bodies.  She reaches down and feels his member, soft , yet starting to harden.  She bends over, he feels her take him in her mouth as the water gently beats on her back. Yet his finger remains.  He hardens as if on queue and steps behind her.  His finger has worked magic and she knows what is to come.  It has relaxed her yet given rise to her senses again. He steps behind her and gently replaces his finger with his shaft at her opening.  She tightens with the fear and anticipation.  He rubs and soothes her cheeks and softly commands her to relax.  As she does, she feels it, pushing with its own hardness, entering working and snaking into her.  She hesitates and says, "its to big" but his urging and pressure shows she is wrong. Her body betrays her total submission.  He takes her.  It slides in till she feels his hair tickling her ass checks and the falling water washes over her.  She is overwhelmed, taken, fully impaled on his cock.  Bent over, she feels totally debased, used in its most depraved meaning but only for a moment as she feels his firsts movements and yet another wave of ecstasy starts to sweep over her. She can feel him in her bowels, he is deep and she feels the wave of depravity and pure lust start to build as he increases his movements. The water, his cock, the waves, in and out, Oh God,  the waves of pleasure building upon her, like nothing she has ever felt before, total abandonment, singular commitment to one thing, Orgasm!   Its building, he, reaches around and inserts a finger, plays with her bud and pulls her back onto him.  She feels his other hand circling her breast and softly pinching her nipple.  She feels the swell; he is now caressing her neck as he works his finger to her mouth.  She strains to suck on them and yet breathe at the same time.  Her breathing is faster now as she feels them both reaching the point.  The urgency is there the need takes place of everything as she gurgles "Fuck Me".  This is what he needs her voice, in desperation of need, drives him over the edge.  He pumps hard, deep, and without regard as he drives into her with an animalistic urgency.  They both come, him deep inside her ass, her all over his hand.  They are sated, finished, washed up and rest for a moment before finishing their shower.
They dry each other and he looks at her rather sheepishly after taking as her as he did in the shower.
They lay on the bed resting for a moment, spooning, holding each other in a protective and loving manner.  They sleep.
