Honeymooners
byben3543533©

Honeymooners Ch. 01: Lingerie Surprise

After a year of planning, the wedding, reception, brunches and more brunches were finally over. While it was an amazing couple of weeks, I was even more excited for the honeymoon to start than I had imagined. We were heading to the Caribbean for a week in a private villa with our own pool that overlooked the ocean, and we both desperately needed the break.

Mandy spent nearly the entire day before we left packing, which I couldn't understand as I filled my bag with little more than a few swimsuits in about five minutes. But she said she had a surprise for me, and it was going to take her time. I had a feeling this would be a good surprise, so I told her to take all the time she needed.

I was reminded of the last surprise she gave me, which was just a couple weeks prior on the morning of our wedding. While waiting in my tux in the hotel lobby, I got a text from Mandy telling me to check my email for a surprise wedding present. She is the sexiest, most sensual and passionate woman I have ever met, and she did a surprise boudoir photoshoot for me.

I opened the file, and my heart started pounding while my cock sprang to attention as I saw my stunning future bride laid out in a half dozen different lingerie sets. Mandy is a petite brunette with curves, smoky brown eyes, perky 34C tits and a tight stomach, with the most perfect ass in the world especially when poured into a g-string or yoga pants. She was an absolute vision in these pictures, and I couldn't believe my luck that I got to fuck her for the rest of my life. While I watched tv waiting for her to finish packing, my mouth watered wondering how she could possibly give me a better surprise.

The next morning we woke up early and after a couple of long flights and a quick island hop in a puddle jumper, we finally checked into the most picturesque place either of us had seen. The villa was stunning, with the entire back wall being glass that looked to our private pool, with a wide open beach and the ocean beyond that.

After we set our bags down and got over the initial elation of finally being there, I picked Mandy up in my arms and threw her down on our plush king size bed. We ripped each others clothes off, letting go of all the stress from the prior weeks at once. A quick and passionate fuck followed, and we laid in bed holding each other with an overwhelming sense of happiness.

*****

We had a couple hours before dinner and decided to lay out by the pool. I grabbed a beer and threw on a pair of board shorts and headed outside. In recent months I worked out more than I had in my entire life so I could be in as good of shape as possible for the wedding. While I obviously married up with Mandy, I was no slouch. 5'10", 160 lbs with a soccer players body, decent definition and a six pack that I was rather proud to have developed in recent months.

I pulled a couple of lounge chairs together and laid down waiting for Mandy. After a few minutes, the glass doors open and down the steps comes an absolute vision in a bright white, spaghetti strap bikini. The bottoms barely covered her fully shaved pussy, and attached on her hips with a gold clasp. The top was too small, barely covering her nipples, with the sides and bottoms of her breasts fully exposed. She sauntered down the steps in high heels, and my mouth watered just looking at her.

She laid down on the lounge next to me, and as she got comfortable she glanced down at my shorts and saw my obvious thrill, and started giggling.

"My my, look at you" she quipped. "Are you already looking for another round?"

"You can't expect me to see you in this number and not want to get turned on!" I said.

"Well I want to give you a surprise, so for now keep it in your pants," she said, clearly pleased with how turned on she made me.

So we laid out for a couple hours before dinner, getting in and out of the pool as we felt like it. Every time she got wet her nipples were clearly visible through the sheer white material, and it felt like my cock was at attention the whole time. It was damn near impossible to see her laid out in the bright sun, with oil covering her perfect little body and not fuck her, but I knew I had to stay strong. It was worth it.

*****

We ordered room service as neither of us felt like getting ready. When dinner came Mandy threw on a bathrobe and we ate a fantastic Caribbean meal and polished off a bottle of wine. I suggested after dinner we go out by the pool and lay under the stars, and she thought that was a good idea and said she'd meet me outside.

I wandered down to the pool and looked out over the beach. While we had some privacy fences along the sides, we could still see both the villas next to us and the view to the beach was wide open. I saw a few folks gathered on the beach, which was lit up under the bright moon. I moved a loveseat so it overlooked the beach, and sat down soaking it all in while I waited for Mandy.

After ten minutes or so I heard a knock on the glass door of our villa. I turned around and there she was. She slowly opened the glass door and glided seductively down the steps towards me.

Dark brown hair down to her delicate collarbone, bronze skin from a day in the sun, eyes that seduced me from 30 yards away, and her perfect body poured into lacy white lingerie. Her tits were pouring out of the top, while the g-string bottom barely covered her. A pair of high white heels finished off the outfit.

I instantly grew rock hard, and was paralyzed. Mandy seductively walked to me, her toned and sunkissed legs shining under the moonlight. With each step I could feel my heart beating faster, until she reached me, put her hands on my chest and whispered "surprise".

We kissed deeply with the passion of newlyweds. Her hands moved across my chest and back, while I grabbed her tight waist with one hand and the back of her hair with the other. We could not hold each other close enough.

Mandy ran her hand down my chest and hooked her finger inside my shorts, grazing the swollen head of my cock. She smiled and let out a chuckle, as she was yet again pleased at how turned on I was by her. She slowly unzipped my shorts and held onto my throbbing cock, gently stroking it.

She slowly dropped to her knees, and lowered my shorts to the ground. My cock sprang towards her, with a flow of precum shining in the moonlight. With her warm brown eyes looking up at me, she slowly consumed the head of my swollen cock, followed by each inch of my shaft. With my entire cock inside her warm mouth, she slowly massaged my balls and it was all I could do to keep from cumming that second. I looked down at my sexy wife taking me in, and never felt more turned on.

I threw my head back and let out a sigh of happiness, and when I came to I opened my eyes and glanced up at the beach. I saw a few couples that were walking along the shore, and one couple appeared to be turned towards us. While I wouldn't describe myself as an exhibitionist, I didn't care who was watching us.

I came to and looked down at Mandy, who was still slowly taking my cock in and out of her delicate mouth while massaging my balls. Her back was arched, and looking down I became even more aroused looking at the curve from her tight waist down to her hips, with a g-string the only thing covering her.

I could have finished in her mouth any second, but I wanted to return the favor and then get inside her. I grabbed her hair and stood her up, kissing her deeply as she stood. I motioned for her to lay down on the loveseat so I could taste her, but she looked at me and seductively whispered "Fuck me."

I turned her around so she was standing behind the loveseat facing the ocean, while I stood behind her with my rock hard cock between her legs and my arms wrapped around her. I held her chest tight with one hand, her waist with the other, and kissed her neck from the side as she threw her head back. I could feel the warmth of her pussy on my cock, and had to get inside her.

I lowered her g-string down to her heels, positioned myself behind her and guided the throbbing head of my cock into her dripping wet, fully shaven pussy. She is incredibly tight, but was so wet that I slid entirely inside her with little resistance.

Once inside, I gripped her waist tightly with both hands, and began fucking her. As I pulled out, I could see my cock shining in the moonlight, covered in her juices. She had been turned on since the afternoon by the pool, and I could tell she was immediately close to climax as her pussy began to tighten around my cock.

Mandy reached her hand between her legs, stimulating her clit as I thrusted in and out of her cunt. Within seconds, a soft moan turned to a loud scream as a full body orgasm began. Her torso tensed up, and she was barely able to stand. I buried my cock inside her, and held my sexy wife tight while feeling the orgasm take over her body.

After a minute she began to relax, and we looked up and saw that not only had the couples on the beach increased, but several had turned towards us with their backs to the ocean. We also realized the neighboring villa guests were outside, and most definitely heard her screams of ecstasy. It was the Caribbean, and not only did we not care but it was now clearly a turn on for us both to put on a show for these strangers.

Mandy needed to get off her feet, and I guided over to the front of the loveseat where she got on her hands and knees. I approached her again from the back, and as I began fucking her doggystyle I realized that the strangers on the beach had a near perfect profile view of her. She was on her hands and knees, with her tits bouncing beneath her with every thrust, and the deep arch of her back clearly visible to our new friends under the moonlight. They could likely even make out my cock with each thrust. Mandy's head faced out towards the beach, and realizing the crowd made her even more turned on.

I fucked her from behind, which gives her the most intense orgasm as I stimulate her g-spot. After a few minutes of gripping her waist tight and fucking her over and over, Mandy began to again reach climax as the g-spot stimulation increased and the exhibitionist in her took over. Looking out at the ocean with a growing crowd watching us fuck turned her on, and I again felt her pussy restrict around my cock. She convulsed again, and screamed even louder than she had minutes before.

After a minute she calmed down again, and I grabbed her and rolled her over onto her back. While missionary may not be an exotic position, I love seeing my wife open up, the feeling of her legs wrapped around me while I see her tits bounce with each thrust. And there is no greater feeling than cumming deep inside her while we hold each other.

On her back, Mandy spread her legs wide open where I could see her fluid dripping out of her shaved pussy. I climbed over her, and slid my cock deep inside her soaking wet cunt. I thrusted in and out, while she lightly touched my balls with each entrance. Her tits bounced with each thrust, and I could feel the cum building inside me.

I wrapped my arm underneath her back, and we kissed passionately as I neared climax. I buried my cock and released stream after stream of cum deep inside her. We both let out a passionate moan, and after cumming in her for what felt like an entire minute we finally collapsed on each other.

Both of our fluids poured down her legs, and our sweaty bodies held each other tightly while we kissed. Laying there in each others arms we began to hear noise from the beach. One couple was looking up at us cheering, and another was clearly making love as well. No sign of our neighbors, but we found out the next day that they were so turned on by us that they went inside to fuck.

It was an amazingly passionate first day of the honeymoon, and it turns out was just the beginning.


Honeymooners Ch. 02: Sunbathing

It was the second day of our honeymoon, and life was good. Ben and I arrived at our villa in the Caribbean yesterday morning, spent the day in bed and by the pool, and I surprised him with my sexiest lingerie and a moonlight fuck that some of our fellow guests got to see.

The following morning we slept in, and Ben made me breakfast and mimosa's then went to the gym while I laid out by the pool. Our next door neighbors that had been outside the previous night were outside again, and were poorly attempting to hide the fact that they were checking on me, likely to see if they were going to get another show. We had never had sex in public before last night, but I found it thrilling. While the neighbors wouldn't get a show at that moment, I admit the idea of giving them one later was turning me on earlier in the morning than usual.

After an hour or so Ben came back and we decided to head to the outdoor shower. We stripped down, and I immediately noticed his post-workout body. He was in great shape, with the lean but defined body of a soccer player which is exactly my type. His chest and arms were still swollen following his workout, while his thick cock hung low and tempted me.

Not to brag, but I looked damn good too. I got myself in shape to fit into my wedding dress, was a proud owner of perky 34C fake boobs, and have always been told (especially by Ben) that my legs and ass are my best feature. Looking down I was a little mad at myself that I had tan lines from my bikini, but other than that I knew how good I looked.

Ben was under the showerhead lathering up his hair, and while his eyes were closed my eyes went down to his cock. While I don't love giving blowjobs, Ben loves it and it is so sensual to feel his member grow inside my mouth. Plus, admit that I crave how much power I have when I give him one.

I went down on my knees and put my hands on Ben's legs, and as the warm water poured down his chest and over his cock I slowly took him inside my mouth. The head of his cock was swollen, and I ran my tongue around it a few times before taking his shaft. I could feel his heartbeat through his cock, and with each beat it grew more engorged in my mouth.

He quickly grew rock hard, and I began taking him in and out of my mouth while teasing his balls. I sucked his cock with long, slow strokes, stopping every few strokes to pay extra attention to his swollen head. His cock wasn't huge, but it was perfect for me. I am small, barely over 5 feet tall, and his cock was a thick 6" that filled my entire mouth. When he was fully inside me, I couldn't help but gag a little.

I wanted to get mine too, so after a couple minutes I released him from my mouth as I didn't want him cumming just yet. As I stood up he firmly grabbed my hips and turned me around. With my hands against the wall of the shower and the sun beating down on me, the warm water poured over my body as I awaited him.

He grabbed my waist with one hand and slid his engorged cock into my pussy with the other. After his swollen head was inside me, he grabbed me tightly with his other hand before thrusting deep inside me.

The warm water, open air and sun were all so sensual, and with Bens strong hands taking control of me while his thick cock fucked me, I couldn't help but feel an overwhelming sense of arousal. I threw my head back and savored each thrust.

As he fucked me from behind I could feel an orgasm begin to build. I lowered my hand between my legs to put myself over the top. After a few more thrusts we both began to climax at the same time. I felt his cum pump deep inside me as my fluids rushed out. We both moaned loudly into the open air, and he wrapped his arms around me tight as we came down from our high together.

It was a perfect quickie to start the day, but the best was yet to come.

*****

The early afternoon heat was too much for us, so we sat under the umbrella rather than getting sun. We enjoyed ice cold champagne and talking about nothing. It was great to finally be here, and I never wanted to leave.

I polished off a whole bottle of champagne as the sun began to lower, and liquid courage eventually set in such that I said screw it and decided to finally get under the sun. I had a black strapless bikini on so I wouldn't get tan lines, with a skimpy matching bottom. I put some low SPF lotion on so I could get a tan but wouldn't burn. Ben gladly helped me with my back, and copped a feel or two on my front. I laid out on my back and took a sigh of happiness.

After awhile I looked around and realized that what the hell, I was in the Caribbean, thousands of miles from home, and half of our fellow guests saw us fuck the prior night anyways. So I took my bikini off and laid out completely naked under the sun so I wouldn't have any tan lines. It was a liberating feeling, and not something I had ever done before. Ben was still under the shade, and gave me an approving whistle.

After a few minutes I began to feel more and more excited about laying out fully exposed. The warm sun beating down on every inch of my body was very sensual, and I began thinking about my boudoir photoshoot. Much like now, I was on display, completely exposed and vulnerable. It was a deeply arousing feeling, and like at the boudoir shoot I could feel myself getting wet.

I could also feel that I was being watched. Not just by Ben, but by our neighbors. They were a young couple that were clearly more modest than us, but I cracked open my eyes and saw them peering through the fence at me.

I began to get more and more stimulated by my surroundings. The warm sun heated my increasingly bronzed skin while the soft ocean breeze cooled me off. I began to think about our passionate fuck the night before, about Bens muscular body and swollen cock this morning in the shower. The more my mind raced, the more I could feel myself getting wetter.

I didn't know it, but Ben couldn't help himself either. When I didn't think I could take it anymore I opened my eyes and saw him walking towards me while stroking his thick and fully erect cock. He knelt down in front of me, grabbed my legs with his strong hands and lowered himself down to me.

He slowly kissed my thighs, and with his tongue licked the fluids beginning to slowly seep out of my shaved pussy. I pulled back my pussy lips, and he slowly inserted one finger, then a second inside me.

Ben is a master with his hands and mouth, and the anticipation began to build. As he hooked his fingers inside me, with his mouth he began teasing my clit. He slowly applied more and more pressure, taking me closer and closer to climax.

I could feel an orgasm beginning to build. I panted faster, and clenched seemingly every muscle in my body tighter and tighter. When Ben could tell I was on the edge, his tongue pressed hard against my clit and put me over the top. My entire body climaxed, shaking while I moaned into the Caribbean air. I held tight onto the lounge chair and bucked through my orgasm, and could feel my fluids filling my inside and pouring down my legs.

After a minute my body began to relax, and I was finally able to open my eyes. Ben was looking at me, waiting for me to come to with an almost animalistic look in his eyes. I could tell I was about to get fucked, and fucked hard.

He reached his arms under my legs and pulled me aggressively to the end of the lounge. He leaned over me gripping my waist hard with a primal look in his eyes, and I got an almost nervous feeling where I knew I had no control. I instinctively and submissively opened my legs, waiting for him to fuck me.

Sweat was beading up on his swollen chest, his arms and shoulders were flexed as he gripped me. His chiseled abs gave way to fully erect cock, and in ecstasy I watched as he plunged into me with a single thrust.

We both screamed into the ocean air, and I extended my arms behind me so I could hold on to the back of the chair and keep Ben from fucking me off of it. With my torso stretched, my tits bounced with each aggressive thrust.

The sound of his body pounding into mine echoed loud, and I was sure our neighbors and the other guests were aware. With Ben's chiseled body and perfect cock fucking my tan body and perky tits, I knew we looked amazing to anyone lucky enough to see us. And knowing we had people watching aroused me even more.

After thinking about all the onlookers I came too, looked up and saw his thick cock move aggressively in and out of my cunt and felt the nearing of my third orgasm of the day.

I could tell Ben was close too, as he removed his hands from my waist, leaned his muscular body over me and wrapped a strong arm under my back. He leaned close over me, holding me tightly and looking at me with the same primal look. I wrapped my legs tightly around his waist and moaned loudly for him to cum inside me as I began to climax.

Ben grabbed the back of my head, pressed his chest against mine and buried his cock deep inside me. I felt his cock pulse, and stream after stream of cum poured into me. The feeling of his cum flooding my insides put me over the edge, and an orgasm ripped through my body. I screamed into the ocean air, my pussy convulsing around Ben's cock while cum again poured down my legs.

We kissed passionately, seemingly extending our already powerful orgasms. After several minutes we both began to come down, and I felt an overwhelming sense of satisfaction, passion and pure sexuality. As we held each other, we both heard a noise from next door.

We glanced up, and through the fence we could see our neighbors. She had her hands on the fence, and he was fucking her from behind. Ben and I looked at each other and laughed, happy we could put on another honeymoon show for the neighbors.



