My Brother Spanked Me
by Story Guy

Chapter 6

Joan looked around as she cautiously followed her brother into the pool house. "Leave the lights off," she requested as her brother reached for the light switch. It was dark in there. She could barely see anything, but there was still a little light coming in the windows from the moon. He hesitated, shrugged, then pulled a mat off the stack and dropped in on the floor. 

He dropped down onto the mat, then stretched out on his back, but still propped up on his elbows. He waited for a while, then invited, "Join me?" 

She looked down at him. His ever present erection was bobbing slightly. "What do you want me to do?" she asked. His arms were out some and she knew she wouldn't be able to straddle his shoulders and arms. She stepped over his chest. 

As she began to squat down, he instructed, "Stop. Turn around so when you squat down you're facing my feet." She felt rather foolish and blushed as she turned. Slowly she dropped to her knees. "Back up so you're above my head." Joan did as he asked, awkwardly crawling over his arms. "Now lay down on top of me," he continued. "Good, now back up some." 

She again blushed feeling his breath between her legs. No one had ever been that close to her pussy before. It was one thing to be seen naked by him, but this was something new. His eyes were just inches from her most private area. She felt his hands spread her pussy lips apart and she knew he was looking right inside her body. It was embarrassing, but so exciting. 

His head brushed the inside of her thighs, then she felt the weirdest, most wonderful feeling she ever felt on her pussy. Something soft, but stiff at the same time, and wet, slid along her slit. After the third time she realized it was his tongue. The sensations he was producing were amazing! 

Suddenly the sensations stopped. "Do me too," he muttered. With the sensory overload Joan hadn't realized his stiff cock as just below her chin. She lifted her head and took the hard member in her hand. Her eyes closed for a moment as he began licking again. Joan could feel her pussy drooling. Not wanting him to stop licking her again she opened her mouth and guided his cock into it. 

She closed her mouth on his cock, but no more. The sensations he was producing in her pussy once more overwhelmed her. Already she could feel the start of an orgasm. His hips moved and he pushed his cock deeper into her mouth making her gag some, but also reminding her of what he wanted. 

Joan began massaging his cock with her mouth even though her efforts were only half hearted. Her focus was on her pussy and what he was doing to her. It was wonderful. His hands began rubbing her still wet ass which turned her on even more. She had never had her ass rubbed and the feeling was so erotic to her, especially now. Joan tried to focus more on his cock fearing he would stop licking her if she didn't. 

His hands were going all over her ass, including running up and down her ass crack, over her asshole. Normally she would have protested, but she didn't care what he did at the moment, as long as he kept licking, and her climax was getting close. 

Suddenly his finger pressed against her asshole and felt like his fingertip entered it. She reacted by jutting her hips away from the intrusion and mashing her pussy against his mouth. That only served to increase the intensity of the sensations. Joan hated his finger in her ass, but loved it at the same time. It was uncomfortable, but felt good too. She wanted it out, but hoped it would go in further. 

Her mouth filled with his cum. Afraid if she spit him out he'd stop licking, Joan swallowed. Her mouth quickly filled again, so she swallowed again, but the same thing just repeated. She had seen him cum before, but he seemed to be squirting a lot more now. 

Like he could read her mind, his finger jammed into her. It hurt, but triggered her orgasm. He seemed to be softening in her mouth, but she didn't want him to stop, so she kept his cock in her mouth. Quickly her mind overloaded with ass the stimulation. His palm was firmly pressing on her ass and his finger, with felt like it was deeply embedded in her ass, seemed to be coaxing her climax with more intensity than she had ever felt. 

As what felt like the best orgasm she had ever had started to subside, she let his now soft cock fall from her mouth. Her body collapsed onto his. Joan felt completely spent. Slowly the fog lifted from her mind and her body began to settle. His finger was still embedded in her though. She rolled off of him, away from his finger, and it slipped out of her. Strangely, even though she wanted it out, she now felt a little empty. 

"You put your finger in my butt. Why did you do that?" Joan muttered after a while of silence. 

"Did you like it?" he asked without answering her question. 

"Yes... No! Yes... I don't know... Why did you do it?" she asked again. 

"Let's go in the pool,” he suggested again avoiding her question. He stood and walked out of the pool house.


Chapter 7 

For the next few days nothing much happened. They both saw each other naked, of course, but nothing happened. Joan was eating lunch at school with her friends and the conversation naturally was about boys. Today boys' bodies were being talked about when Mandy mentioned she had actually seen a boy. The others pressed her for details and she finally admitted it had been her brother. Unfortunately the lunch bell rang before more details came. 

Joan met Mandy after school and as they rode the bus home Joan confessed she had seen her brother as well. Their conversation continued after they got off the bus with the girls comparing notes and, as it turned out, both had similar experiences. For the next three days the girls talked on the way home from school. Both admitted to willingly doing things with their brothers. Mandy's brother, Paul, was a year older than Joan's brother. 

As they talked, both confessed to liking what they were doing with their brothers, but at the same time felt a bit awkward. Finally Mandy asked, "What would you think of sorta trading brothers? You do stuff with my brother and I do stuff with your brother." Joan liked the idea, but was a little nervous. Even though it was awkward, she knew she could trust her own brother. She knew Paul and was friendly with him, but this would be something new. 

The girls continued talking and more or less convinced each other to at least try. It would be different, but both felt they would feel better not fooling around with their brothers. Her parents would be going away again for the weekend, so Joan suggested Mandy and Paul come over Saturday and all four could go in the pool and maybe order pizzas for supper. After they would see what happens. Mandy accepted, but said she'd have to see if her brother wanted to, making Joan laugh. She hadn't even thought about what her brother had planned. 

Joan's brother was home when she got there, so she explained the situation to him and he liked the idea. She met Mandy the next day, Friday, and Mandy told her that she and Paul would be over about 4 PM to swim. "My brother can't wait. I think he likes you," Mandy commented. Joan giggled, blushing slightly, because her brother had said the same thing about Mandy. 

The next afternoon Joan's parents left about 3. She was standing in front of her drawer, completely nude, trying to decide what bikini to wear. Her brother walked into her room from their bathroom. "You're not dressed yet? Are you going to go naked?" 

She looked at him and giggled, "No! I can't decide what to wear." Holding up two suits, she continued. "I've narrowed it down to these two. Which do you think?" 

He looked over the suits. The bottom part of one looked smaller, so he was going to pick that one, but noticed the other was a string bikini and looked like it was adjustable. "This one," he answered, indicating the string one. Joan slipped it on and started to walk out of her room when he stopped her. "Wait..." he said as he reached down and pulled the back piece of the bottom closer together. "Turn," he instructed. She complied and he narrowed the top pieces, then the bottom. 

Joan looked into the mirror. Her top covered her nipples, but was so narrow both sides of her boobs showed. He had snugged up the bottoms so small her hand could completely cover it in front. The back was slightly wider, but only covered half her ass. "I can't wear it like this. It's too small!" she gasped. 

"Yeah you can. It looks good... sexy. So what if a little skin shows. You're still covered," he disagreed. Suddenly the doorbell rang. "They're here. Too late to change now. Come on," he stated as he turned and rushed out of her room. Knowing he was right, Joan grabbed a shirt, throwing it on, and followed him. 

They greeted Mandy and Paul, inviting them in. It was too early for pizzas, so they went out to the pool. Mandy was wearing shorts and what looked like a top with no bra. Paul also had shorts on and a tank top. Both guys were eyeing the girls with interest. "I guess we should strip down to swimwear," Mandy mumbled as she dropped her shorts. Paul also dropped his. 

Joan's jaw dropped. Mandy's suit was a one piece, but very high cut on the sides and obviously unlined. Every contour of her body was visible. It looked like she was painted. Paul was wearing a Speedo and, like his sister, everything was visible. Sensing the awkwardness, Joan spoke. "I like your suit. I've never seen one like that. Where'd you get it?" 

"It's not really a swimsuit, but it works. It's actually a dance leotard. I used to dance. I wore tights with it though and didn't have... well, I didn't poke out then," she giggled. "Paul thought it looked good and I kinda did too. Are we going to go swimming? I'm hot." 

"Sure!" Joan's brother answered as he jumped into the pool. Mandy and Paul quickly followed, but Joan walked in fearing her suit might fall off if she jumped in. She looked over at Mandy. Her suit was white before, now almost transparent as it was wet. "Wow!" her brother muttered. For a while no more really happened, but as they swam around, both boys "accidentally" would brush their hands over the girls' bodies and the girls did the same. 

The girls, who were standing together, looked at the boys. It was very obvious both were hard. Joan's brother sported that familiar ridge in the front of his suit and Paul, even though wearing a Speedo and had his cock bend down, was also pressing the confines of his suit. "I think my brother needs his suit pulled down. He's gotta be uncomfortable. I dare you to pull it down for him," Mandy whispered. Joan violently shook her head. "Go ahead. He won't mind at all. A secret, but he wants you to," Mandy encouraged. 

"Really?" Joan questioned and Mandy nodded. "I will if you pull my brother's down," Joan conditioned and Mandy again nodded. Joan turned to face the boys. She was still uncertain, but decided to approach them to see what would happen. She was unaware Mandy had grabbed the neck and back ties to her suit top until she took a step. As she did Mandy yanked the ties and Joan's top easily slipped off. She gasped and her hands went to her breasts, covering them, as she spun around. 

Mandy smiled and dropped her suit to her waist before Joan could say anything making both girls topless, except Mandy was facing the boys. "We even now? Go pull his suit down," Mandy again encouraged. Joan just stood there frozen and in shock, still unable to speak. Mandy squatted down in the water, then stood again, but this time was holding her suit in her hand. "Isn't this why we came? Go on, pull down Paul's suit. I'll be right behind you and do the same thing to your brother." she whispered as she tossed her suit and Joan's top to the edge of the pool. 

With Mandy now nude, Joan gained her bravery. At least she was only topless. She made her way to Paul and stood in front of him. At first she said nothing. He just stood there, but stared at her bare breasts, making her blush slightly. "Mandy told me to pull your suit off," she giggled nervously. 

"Go ahead," he challenged. Joan hesitated, but finally reached for his suit. She managed to pull down the front, releasing his stiff cock, which sprung up. Since the suit was tight, she was struggling, so Paul reached down, helping her a bit, until his suit was at his thighs. Joan was then able to push them down and off. 

For a while she just stared at his stiff cock, pointing up at her. The fact she was topless completely left her mind. He suddenly moved, making her jump. His hands went to her hips. "What are you doing?" she questioned, but he didn't answer. Paul's hands left her hips and, being preoccupied with his cock, she didn't react until she realized her bottoms were falling off. She looked down into the water and saw the side strings to her suit bottom still in his hands. 

Joan's first reaction was to pull her suit back, out of his hands, but she fought her instincts. She had just pulled his suit off and she knew before he even got there that suits were coming off. Joan bravely opened her legs a bit allowing him to pull the last vestige of covering away from her, but couldn't stop herself from blushing. He reached out and took his suit, which she was still holding, then tossed the garments to the side of the pool where her top was. 

She had temporarily forgot they weren't alone in the pool, making her blush more when she realized it. Joan looked around guiltily and saw her brother and Mandy a short distance from her paying no attention to her at all. Joan noticed both had an arm extended towards the other underwater and both arms were moving. Obviously they had already moved beyond just looking. A hand touched her pussy and she knew it was Paul's. "Let's get out so we don't make a mess of the pool," she whispered. He took her hand and began walking towards the steps. "If you guys make a mess I'm not cleaning the pool," she giggled as the two walked by the other couple. Her brother glared at her for a moment, then smiled, took Mandy's hand, and they followed them out of the pool. 

The boys, almost as if it was planned, even though it wasn't, ended up laying on their backs on mats and dragged the girls down with them. Both girls dropped to their knees bending down kissing the boys. Mandy was the first to sit up, but her hand was wrapped around a cock. "I'll race ya," she giggled. Joan sat up and looked at her not knowing what she was talking about. "I bet I can make him squirt before you can make Paul squirt," she explained. 

"You're on!" Joan laughed as she grabbed Paul's cock and began stroking him like her brother had showed her. Neither boy lasted long with all the stimulation they had endured and both shot off almost at the same time making the girls giggle even more. The giggles didn't last long as the girls were fascinated watching the eruptions of cum shooting into the air. 

Mandy watched, mesmerized as usual, as Paul's cock went limp and shrunk. It amazed her how a boys cock could change so much. "I'm hungry. Let's order pizzas," Mandy said breaking the silence. They all agreed and as the boys cleaned off with nearby towels, the girls grabbed the scattered clothing. 

They walked into the kitchen. "Paul, call and order them. I'll be right back," Joan's brother suggested. Joan had picked up the wet suits and dumped them into the sink. Paul hung up the phone as Joan's brother returned, now wearing a tee and shorts. "I have my car, so I thought we'd go get them," Paul explained. 

Paul and Mandy had worn shorts, but neither had a top. "Can I borrow a top, Joan?" Mandy asked. 

"No tops," Paul interrupted before Joan could answer. "We buy the pizzas, you eat them... naked." 

"OK, but you guys get naked when you get back. We all eat naked," Mandy countered. 

"Done!" Paul laughed. Joan was a bit surprised. Mandy had more or less agreed to stay naked, which Joan didn't expect. The boys left. 

"OK if I use the bathroom?" Mandy asked after the boys were gone. Of course Joan said yes and Mandy rushed down the hall naked still. 

Joan sat down to wait for her. She seemed to be taking a while, but Joan, at first, didn't think much about it. It must have been ten minutes before Mandy finally came back. "Where you been?" Joan blurted without thinking. 

"Um... I was busy," Mandy giggled. It was then Joan noticed Mandy's pussy was swollen and slightly red. It made her giggle too realizing Mandy had masturbated. "Let's go out by the pool. We can eat out there," suggested Mandy, deflecting the subject at hand. The two girls headed out, leaving the suits in the sink. 


Chapter 8 

Both girls jumped when the slider to the deck opened. They looked up to see the boys walking out of the house carrying the pizzas. "Why are you guys out here?" Paul asked. 

"It's nice out here, so we decided to eat out here," Mandy told him. 

"Oh... OK," Joan's brother answered, handing his pizza to Paul. "It's getting dark so I'll flip on the pool lights," he commented as he turned around. 

"No!" Joan panicked, then realized what she said. "Leave them off or the bugs will come towards the lights. We can still see enough." Her brother shrugged, then turned and both boys walked out to the pool. After placing the pizzas down on a table, they sat down and opened the boxes. 

The girls walked over to the table and Joan sat down nervously. She felt awkward being nude and moved her arm in front of her chest to cover herself. Joan was surprised when Mandy walked up to her brother like she was fully clothed. "Paul, can you stand up for a minute?" she requested. As he stood her hands went to his waist. "We had an agreement," she giggled as she undid his shorts letting them drop to his ankles. "You do him," Mandy told Joan. 

Joan stood up and her brother did the same. She walked over and stood in front of him. He smiled as she reached for the waistband of his shorts. She struggled for a moment, then whispered, "Undo the button." He complied and she dropped his shorts down. Almost instinctively she caressed his cock before realizing what she was doing. "Oops," she giggled as she sat down and grabbed a slice of pizza. 

The four ate some, but were more intent at looking at each other's body. The level of tension and excitement rose. "Can we go inside? I'm getting cold," Mandy suggested even though it was a warm night. Naturally they all agreed and as Mandy grabbed hers and Paul's clothes, Joan picked up what remained of the pizzas and they went inside. 

As Joan carried the pizzas into the kitchen, her brother suggested they go downstairs and watch TV. All four went into the TV room and Joan flipped on the TV, although all knew it was just an excuse. 

Joan's brother had sat down on the couch and Paul chose one of the big, overstuffed chairs. Mandy had dropped the clothes on a small table and casually walked over the Joan's brother. "Can I sit with you?" she asked and he nodded enthusiastically. Instead of sitting down next to him, she straddled his legs, facing him, and immediately began kissing him. In no time they were both feeling the other's body. 

"Um... What do you want to watch?" Joan awkwardly asked and someone answered, "This." She turned around and saw her brother and Mandy already making out. They were taking up less than half the couch, but she couldn't sit with them. 

"Come sit with me," Paul invited. 

Joan hesitated. She had been felt up by a boy before and had been naked and had done more with her brother, but Paul wasn't her brother, he was a new boy. He was also naked and she was too and she knew what was going to happen. He was slouched down, almost laying down in the chair and his cock was pointing skyward. Knowing what was expected, she walked toward him, thankful that the only light was from the TV. Hopefully he wouldn't notice her blushing. 

His knees bent as she approached making a place for her to sit. Nervously she sat crosswise on his lap, very aware of his stiff boyhood next to her. Somehow she managed to sit down without touching it. He sat up some, pulled her toward him with one arm making his cock mashed up against her side, and began rubbing her breast with the other hand, kissing her neck. She didn't mind what he was doing, it felt nice, but being nude still made her nervous. 

Joan became aware Pail's hand was moving... down. She looked over at the other couple. They were still in the same position, Mandy straddling him, but now her hips were moving back and forth. Maybe they were already doing it? She felt Paul's hand push down between her still closed legs. After a moment of thought, her legs parted. Her mind was still in conflict, but it was the whole purpose of the get together. 

His finger pushed into her and she wasn't expecting it. She jumped, then tried to settle back down. "You OK?" Paul asked. 

"Yeah... just a little nervous. It's my first time," she blushed, but he didn't notice. 

"You're a virgin?" Paul asked and Joan nodded. "Um... You wanna get a towel or something in case you sorta bleed?" 

"I won't. I broke my hymen falling off a bike when I was little, so..." Joan confessed. Paul kept rubbing her pussy, hitting her clit and making her wet. Her body was reacting even though her mind wasn't. Her legs relaxed and opened more giving him access to her most protected treasure. 

Paul was twisting her body and Joan allowed him to move her. She ended up laying on top of him. His knee came up between her legs parting them and they fell outside his legs. She was a little uncomfortable, but her mind was on other things. His hand slid between their bodies. "Lift up a little," he whispered. 

Her body rose and she felt what must have been his stiff cock brush her pussy lips. Suddenly his hips jutted forward and his cock pierced her body plunging into her belly making her gasp. He immediately began pumping in and out of her. "You feel sooo good," he muttered. 

Joan's mind was racing. A boy's body was inside her body for the first time. She was scared, excited, horny, nervous, and confused. His belly was bumping into hers rapidly as his cock jabbed into her pussy. Her pussy became suddenly wetter and Paul grunted. Joan realized his pumping was slowing and soon he stopped moving. She could still feel his cock inside her, but it seemed to be changing. 

His cock didn't seem as big as it was. As quickly as he had started, his cock almost fell out of her and what she knew was his cum began dribbling out of her pussy. "I'll be right back," she mumbled as she stood up and rushed into the bathroom. Joan sat on the toilet dripping his cum. She had just been fucked. Joan had no idea what to expect, but it wasn't the earthshaking experience she had hoped for. 

Her pussy stopped drooling and she walked back into the TV room. Her brother was now laying on his back on the couch and Mandy was laying beside him. Her hand was caressing his now soft cock. Not wanting to be caught looking, Joan walked to the chair where Paul was sitting. 

He reached out to her and she took his hand. Paul slid over in the chair a bit and rolled onto his side some pulling Joan down next to him. As she sat he twisted her so her back was toward him and she was facing the other couple. His hand, as she expected, went around her and he started rubbing her breast. She didn't mind and actually liked getting a moment to rest. Aside from feeling her boob he wasn't really doing much. 

The room was dark, but the TV was providing enough light to see her brother. Mandy's hand was around his cock and Joan could see him getting hard again. Mandy whispered something to him and he scooted over some. She sat up and straddled him again. Mandy watched as she aimed his cock and her pussy swallowed it. 

Instead of fucking again Mandy lifted up and shifted forward some. She then straightened up a little and aimed his cock once more. Joan's eyes widened as she watched Mandy line the cock up with her asshole and then began to push down. Her brother moved as well. "Stay still. I'll tell you when to move," she heard Mandy say. Slowly Mandy pushed down until she was sitting on Joan's brother. "Like it?" she giggled. 

Joan became aware of Paul's hardened cock. He pulled away from her some, then she felt something touch her asshole and knew he was doing the same thing as the others. A slight panic enveloped her and she quickly reached between her legs and grabbed his cock pulling it forward just before he lunged. His cock slipped between her pussy lips again and his belly slammed into her ass, embedding him deep inside her. 

Once more he began pistoning his cock into her. Joan looked up to see Mandy bouncing on her brother. As much as she wanted to watch, her body started distracting her. The confusion and fright wasn't there this time, but the excitement and horniness was. Her body compelled her to push back, surrendering to his battering cock. 

Joan felt that all to familiar fire beginning to smolder within her. Her eyes closed, relishing the sensations. Behind her Paul was making guttural, but soft sounds as he fucked her. She heard Mandy moan, "Yesss". Suddenly her body jarred as it felt like Paul tried to ram his cock into her bellybutton from the inside. His movements became erratic and again she felt wetness. 

Paul's pumping slowed until he stopped. Joan felt him shrinking, but this time he was pushed tight against her pussy, so didn't slip out. Mandy jumped up giggling and ran into the bathroom. Joan looked up to see her brother smiling at her. Paul was still embedded in her pussy, but she returned the smile anyway. 

"I just looked at the clock. We gotta get going. Can I borrow a top to wear home, Joan? We'll get the suits tomorrow," Mandy announced as she walked back into the room. 

"Sure," Joan acknowledged as she stood up and walked with Mandy into her room. Joan could feel cum dribbling down her leg, but ignored it. She opened a drawer and pulled out a tee. "Want a bra too?" she asked. 

"Nah, it will be fun wearing just a tee and shorts with nothing under them," Mandy laughed as she took the tee and pulled it on. The two walked back into the TV room where both boys still hadn't moved. Mandy grabbed her shorts pulling them on then tossed Paul's shorts at him. "Come on, lazy. We have to go." 

Paul stood and pulled his shorts on, hiding his now limp cock. Joan's brother stood up. "Don't bother. We know where the door is," Paul laughed as he and Mandy left the room. 


Chapter 9 

Joan looked at her brother, who acted like he was half asleep. "We need a shower. Want to take one with me?" she giggled. 

"I just want to sleep," he moaned. 

"You need a shower," Joan responded, grabbing his hand and leading him towards the bathroom. "Besides, you never refuse when a girl asks you to shower with her, dummy," she laughed. 

Joan turned the shower on, adjusted it, then stepped in dragging her brother in with her. He wasn't doing anything, so Joan grabbed the soap and began washing him starting with his back. He seemed to be perking up as she finished. "Turn around," she commanded and she began on his chest. He was wide awake when she reached his cock and as she washed it he stiffened. 

"Give me the soap," he grinned. Joan handed it to him and he began washing her, starting with her boobs. Her body responded to his touches as she hadn't climaxed. Her legs parted as his hand slid down her belly. Naturally his hand went between her legs and he gently washed making sure she was very clean, much to her delight. 

"Turn around," he smiled. Joan grinned as she turned her back to him. He just brushed her back quickly before lowering to her ass. Joan's eyes closed as he gently massaged her ass cheeks, stimulating her more. She felt his finger slide up and down her ass crack, grazing over her asshole. He did it once more, but stopped at her opening. She felt him push in, then his finger slipped into her. She was curious, but scared, so stopped him. 

"Didn't Paul do you there?" he questioned and she shook her head. "Why?" 

"He tried to, but I stopped him. I got scared," she answered meekly. "I saw you and Mandy doing it. Did you like it?" she asked turning to face him. He nodded. "Did she?" 

"She must have. It was her idea," he told her. 

His answer made her think. "Maybe I'll try it sometime," she muttered. "Let's dry off," she suggested as she turned off the shower. The two grabbed towels and dried themselves. He took their towels once they were dry and hung them up. Joan just stood there for a moment, deep in thought. Finally she whispered, "Can I sleep in your bed tonight? ...with you?" 

"If you want," he answered, then turned and walked into his room with Joan following. He pulled his bedding down and climbed in, holding the blanket open for Joan. She crawled in next to him. The two were side by side, on their backs, naked. Joan waited for her brother to do something with anticipation. 

Joan was disappointed when, after some minutes, nothing had happened. Her pussy was already wet and longed to be invaded. In desperation Joan slowly moved her hand over his hip and toward her salvation. She hoped he would be hard and found he was. Tentatively her hand loosely wrapped around his cock. "I didn't think you wanted to fool around any more," he muttered, confused by her actions. 

She had told him that, but right now she needed him. Her mouth opened to say something, but she couldn't think of what to say. His hands were folded on his chest, so instead of saying anything, she took his hand and dragged it over to her breast. Thankfully he took the hint and began rubbing her. Her nipples hardened under his hand. 

He rolled onto his side and his hand slipped off her breast and down her belly. Joan's legs parted as his fingertips slid between them. Her fire began to smolder. He continued rubbing her pussy. Her legs instinctively opened more giving him better access to her. After a few more minutes of teasing, he stopped rubbing and rolled on top of her. As he did her knees bent and her legs opened as wide as she could make them. 

He settled between them and began rubbing his cock along her now very wet slit. It felt delicious, but Joan wanted more. Her arm slipped between their bodies and grabbed his cock. He stopped moving when she aimed his cock. "You sure?" he asked and she nodded. Slowly he eased down, pushing his cock between her lower lips and into her body. Her hands clamped down on his arms and her breath hissed out between her teeth as he impaled her. 

Paul had just slammed into her and began fucking her. Her brother had slowly eased into her and was now pressed against her. His lack of movement seemed to turn her on more than Paul's quick movements. Joan savored the sensations, but her body began to control her. Her ass lifted, pressing up against him, then dropped back down making his cock move inside her. 

He immediately picked up her rhythm and slowly began moving, sawing his cock in and out of her body. Her fire quickly escalated and her hips increased the pace, which he followed. Joan exhaled hard as her climax hit. Her body went into overdrive as her chest heaved, sucking in air then pushing it out. 

Her orgasm ebbed, but he was still hard and still pumping into her. Her body seemed to accept the challenge and rewarded her by cumming for a second time, sending her off into ecstasy again. The world seemed to be spinning out of control around her. Suddenly he pushed into her hard, mashing her ass into the mattress and she felt her pussy being flooded. He had climaxed too. 

Joan's body was bouncing out of control on the mattress. Her pussy was overflowing with cum. She thought she might pass out before he began to slow. Gradually her body recovered as he finally slowed to a stop. She was exhausted, but satisfied beyond belief. For a while neither moved. His full weight was on her, but instead of feeling crushed, she felt protected. 

After a few minutes he rolled off of her. She felt his cum almost shoot out of her pussy, but she was too tired to move. The flow stopped and Joan found herself laying in a wet spot. "You made a mess. Push over. It's all wet here," she giggled as she rolled onto her side and pushed back against him. 

"You made the mess, not me. You're washing the sheets," he teased. 

"Fine!" she mocked as she pushed against him. He rolled onto his side, curling around her. She reached up and grabbed his arm, pulling it to her chest. "That was wow," she muttered. His hand cupped her boob, but it wasn't a "grab it" feeling. She found it comforting. 

They both drifted off to sleep. 


