Hayley's Seventh Photoshoot, Part 1 
by Englishanon

Hayley attends two more photoshoots over a weekend

      The car journey seemed to take forever for Hayley, and no doubt was not much fun for Matty driving either. An accident on the motorway had caused huge jams, and even though they were fairly close to the front, it still took a long time to get through the bottleneck. They chatted about nothing specific, mindlessly filling the air with words to try and make the time pass faster, but eventually, Hayley pulled out her phone and began going through the various social media platforms she was registered on. After facebook and twitter, she checked her email and saw she had received a message on the modelling site from a photographer.
      Closing her emails and opening the internet, she typed in the website and logged in to her account, opening the message from ‘John 68’, and zooming in to be able to read what he had written, since despite the site being mobile-friendly, the messaging had apparently slipped through a crack and the letters were tiny.
      “Hello Hayley. My name is John, and I’m a photographer with thirty-plus years of experience shooting nude and adult erotica images. I came across your page and absolutely loved the images, especially the work with mirrors, and the shoots with Matty. I would love to spend a day shooting with you if possible, and I know it is really short notice, but I am free Sunday if you are interested and available. Shoots I am hoping for would be one lingerie, and then multiple sets in a mixture of nude, and erotica, hopefully four-five sets of each. (I am more focussed towards the nude and erotica to be honest). Based on your location, my home studio is about 25 minutes from you, and while I couldn’t afford to pay you for the shoot, I would be happy to give a £50 cash donation towards fuel and expenses.
      Please let me know if you wish to take me up on this as soon as possible. Many thanks, John”
      Hayley was intrigued reading the message, and tapped her screen to open his profile, instantly seeing why he had been drawn to her. The majority of his pictures were girls in various stages of undress, and it was obvious he loved using reflections. There was image after image featuring more mirrors than she could count, and as she scrolled further, she was remembering how she felt in the first and second shoot with Pete where she had fully revealed herself for the first time in the mirror.
      There was also a folder named ‘Erotica’ which contained pictures of male and females together, although in the description, there was a clear disclaimer that only ‘soft’ pictures were posted, and ‘harder’ content would not be posted by him, although if the participating models chose to, they were free to upload whatever images they wish. Unfortunately, none of the models were tagged, making it pretty impossible for her to see how far they went.
      The only issue she had was on his profile, there was a negative feedback, where a model (who’s profile was now showing as retired) had complained about how he came across and that he only seemed interested in just shooting nude. He had responded to the comment, saying that despite the negative feedback she had previously received, he decided to give her a chance, but regretted it. In addition to trying to demand a payment upfront for travelling, the agreed level was full nude, however when it came to the actual shoot, she was reluctant to even pose topless, kept her breasts covered at all times, and point blank said she wouldn’t remove her underwear.
      This resulted in Hayley’s fears being put to rest, and as she continued to read more comments, every one of them were defending him, and the only ‘negative’ point she could find was that he was a little bit ‘no-nonsense’, occasionally being described as ‘very direct in how he asked for a pose,’ that was all.
      Not concerned by this, Hayley was extremely eager to shoot with John after looking over his page, so texted Dan to ask if he would have any objections to her doing the shoot the following day. As she expected, he was more than happy for her to do it, so she messaged back to John, agreeing.
      Almost instantly, he replied back, giving her the address for her sat nav, and instructing her that all she needed to take was a few lingerie sets, a pair of stockings and suspenders (if she had them), and some high heels.
      Without Hayley realising, Matty had finally been able to get past the hold up, and had really tried to make up time whilst she was busy on her phone, arriving at the location they had been given for the day just as Hayley put her technological distraction away. They walked in to what resembled a derelict factory from the outside, similar to the place Pete likes to shoot at, but inside was a completely different story. Everything was modern, and there were multiple corridors leading off in all directions, as well as a flight of stairs, which led to the offices, where they were initially take to meet with Julian, the person she been messaging.
      The day went quickly, and to her surprise, only consisted of mainly solo shoots, with the exception of one with Matty, and another with a man named Tom. None of the shoots contained any sexual activity though, being more ‘tease and implied’ than ‘actually happening’. Julian explained this at the end of the day when he handed them both their slips to get paid, informing her that on any new female model’s first day shooting, they always make it to a maximum of softcore and implied level.
      Even though the day had been exciting in its own way, since she had needed to be fully nude in front of two different photographers and a new male model, it was a lot tamer than what she was expecting to be doing, and that she had been building herself up for all week. The shoots were all of her dressed in various BDSM outfits, and always as the submissive, however she had been anticipating ‘harder’ content, and was slightly disappointed on the journey home, although Julian had promised that this would change if she does another day of shooting with them.
      Feeling a little underwhelmed, she spent the majority of the ride home daydreaming about the shoot the following day, wondering if John was going to be doing more of the same, or if he had something completely different planned.
      By the time she arrived home, Hayley was as frustrated as she could be, having built the day up in her mind but then to spend it only doing soft pictures, she couldn’t wait to get in to the home she shared with Dan and make up for what she didn’t get all day.
      Following a prolonged sex session, they ordered take away, and ended up having an early night, although the sleeping part was put back in favour of Dan having Hayley as his dessert.
      The next morning, Hayley was up and in the shower early as normal, taking the time to repeat her ‘shoot day shaving routine’ before packing a small bag of the items John instructed, getting dressed, and kissing Dan goodbye. As normal, he had a quick message of encouragement, commenting on how gorgeous she was, and that he is looking forward to seeing John’s pictures of her.
      There was a long day of shooting ahead, and John had asked to start at nine o’clock, so Hayley was outside his house at roughly quarter to, and after a quick cigarette, rang the doorbell. When he opened the door, John was nothing like Hayley had imagined. She had pictured a fifty-something year old man with a bit of a beer belly and straggly hair, but instead was met by a man that looked very good for his age and clearly kept himself in shape without being a gym-whore.
      His hair was fairly short, dark, with plenty of grey throughout, and light stubble from a couple of days without shaving, but nothing that made him look unkept.
      “Hello, you must be Hayley. I’m John. Please come on in,” he said as he opened the door, guiding her towards his living room. “Come through and take a seat for a second.
      “Wow, I’ve got to be honest, your pictures do you little justice. I thought you looked incredible in them, but you’re even more attractive in person. I can’t wait to shoot with you,” he stated. “Anyway, before we get into what I want, is there anything specific you would like to do, or have any ideas for shoots? I’ve got loads I’d love to do, but I’m happy to waylay them if there is anything you wanted to do.”
      “Erm, no, nothing really. I’m still new to modelling, but I just love it, so I am all yours for the day, and am happy to do whatever you have in mind,” Hayley replied.
      “Superb. That’s wonderful to hear. I thought we would start off with the lingerie shoot, because I imagine it must be daunting as hell to turn up to meet a stranger, and for him to just tell you to strip off and start taking photos of you naked. After that, we’ll move on to nude, and go from there. I mostly shoot the erotic stuff upstairs, where I’ve got a spare room all set up for it, but sometimes I’ll do a set in the granny flat I had built that I use as my main studio, so if you’re ready, shall we go and get started?” he said.
      John led the way outside and down the path to a surprisingly large outbuilding at the bottom of the huge back garden behind his house, unlocking the door and switching the lights on before motioning for Hayley to enter. Once inside, she was gobsmacked at what she could see. It was essentially the size of another small house, well lit, with several doors leading to rooms ahead of her. Pointing at one of them, John told her that it was a changing room, and saying that when she is ready, to come through, as he walked into a different room and switched the light on.
      A few minutes later, she entered the room where John had gone in, wearing the lingerie and stockings/suspenders she had taken with her, which drew several compliments from John as he began taking pictures. Hayley felt incredibly sexy as she positioned herself on the various means of furniture, following each of John’s instructions as he asked for specific poses and he circled her to capture the best shot.
      It wasn’t long before John called a close to that shoot, leaving Hayley slightly disappointed as he switched the memory card in his camera in preparation for the next set, and leading Hayley towards one of the rooms that she saw when they first entered. As the lights illuminated the space, Hayley was amazed at how many mirrors there were.
      Everywhere she looked, there was a mirror. The walls, the two vanity tables, several huge, free-standing, and even a double door that had mirrors fixed over the glass panels on the inside, there were reflections everywhere.
      John instructed her over towards the double doors, and immediately began snapping away, giving Hayley clear and direct instructions for how he wanted her to pose as he moved around her to capture several images.
      “Ok, take your bra off, and chuck it over here please, I’ll put it out of the way, and then put your hands over your boobs to cover them,” he said, surprising Hayley with how quickly he had asked her to be topless.
      She did as requested though, and for the next couple of pictures, was using her hands to cover her boobs as John took a couple of pictures of her facing him, in between replying to a text message on his phone.
      “Great, now stay exactly as you are, but turn around one hundred and eighty degrees, so you’re in the exact same position, but facing the other way, with your back to me,” he said, which she again did for a few more pictures.
      “Perfect. Now put your hands on your hips. Yes, like that. I’ve got a great shot of you from behind here, and your boobs look great in the reflection. Can you keep that same pose, but turn around in a full circle. Imagine a clock face, and you’re facing twelve, I want you to stop at where each hour would be, so six o’clock would mean you’re facing me, but stop at each hour mark for a picture,” he instructed.
      Again, Hayley complied, but her heart was thumping as she gradually turned to face him, revealing herself topless, for someone she had only known for about thirty minutes, to take pictures of her. He had her stay still for a few extra pictures when she was facing him, leaving her to feel slightly exposed as she was only wearing a small thong, the stockings/suspenders, and a pair of heels, but he soon asked her to complete the revolution as he kept snapping, continuing the topless pictures for roughly ten more minutes.
      “These look great, Hayley, I’m so impressed. Can you now move over to by the doors, take off your thong, and kind-of lean back, holding onto the handles. Just chuck the thong over here out of the way,” he instructed, again surprising Hayley with how him asking her to take her underwear seemed to be so nonchalant.
      Seeing as she was standing where the doors met, it meant there were two solid, un-mirrored surfaces in front of her, Hayley was a little less intimidated by his request, and did as asked, kicking the thong across the hardwood floor in John’s direction before she took hold of the handles and posed as requested.
      John had her move around a little for more pictures, however at no point did he request she step away from the doors or even turn towards him, meaning all of the shots he got were of her back, and nothing was being reflected either.
      “You know what, I’ve just had an idea. Here, put this back on,” He said, kicking her thong back to her. “And when you’re done, I’ll unlock the doors, and I want you to open them up fully, so that your arms are spread wide open. There’s only a field out there, and some houses on the other side of it, but they’re quite far away. There is hardly ever anyone out there, maybe someone walking their dog occasionally, but that’s rare.”
      Hayley felt the familiar feeling of butterflies in her stomach as she processed what he was asking of her – to open doors to outside, not knowing if there is anyone on the other side or that could see her, wearing nothing more than a thong, stockings, suspenders, and shoes.
      Part of her wanted to refuse, since even though she had done a nude shoot with Pete outside, a long time ago it seemed, she was aware of everything around her on that occasion, and could see if anyone would possibly be able to see her. In fact, any time she had been visible by anyone, it had been on her terms, but here, it would be a leap into the unknown.
      The other part of her was thinking back to some of the pictures on his profile, of other girls doing similar poses, albeit at a different place, and they all looked amazing. After a couple of seconds, she decided to go for it, and once John had unlocked the doors, she put her hands on the handles, took a deep breath, and opened the doors as wide as she could.
      Thankfully, she found that John had been correct, and that the field was completely empty. Not another person was anywhere to be seen as he remained behind her, giving instructions for slight movements before each shot. The houses on the other side of the field were a lot closer than Hayley had thought though, and if anyone had been looking out of an upstairs window at that time, they would have seen her standing topless in the doorway. She didn’t know if anyone was though, since her face remained level or looking downward, preventing her from checking.
      After several minutes of pictures, John instructed her to push the doors fully open, clicking them in to place on some lever stops to hold them open, before moving towards Hayley as she stood in the doorway.
      “Right, can I just squeeze through so I can get a few of you from outside, exactly as you are now please, thank you,” he said as he made his way past her and on to the field for a few more pictures.
      “Beautiful. These look great! Now, can you first take your heels off, and do the same pose again for a few, then slowly and sexily, take the stockings off one at a time please,” he continued.
      Again, Hayley did as asked, posing in all manner of positions in just her thong as John took more pictures.
      “Wow, I’m so impressed. Ok, now, can you turn ninety degrees, so that you’re sideways on to door frame, and pull the side of your thong nearest to me down a bit, so that you’re teasing at the camera a bit.”
      “Great stuff. Now pull it a bit further down, and just turn towards me a little bit… A little bit more… Perfect, stay like that,” he instructed. “That’s a great shot. I love that. It enhances your boobs, and gives the camera a peak into your underwear. It’s so risqué,” he said, as he took multiple pictures from slightly different angles.
      “Ok, now pull that side down even more, so that your landing strip is clearly visible, but only just keep yourself covered, and turn to me a little more.”
      The next few shots were taken in this same position, but again from slightly different angles, and Hayley didn’t flinch or try to hide herself when she saw a fairly young guy, probably about twenty years old, at a guess, on the other side of the field walking a dog. She knew he had seen her, as his face remained in her direction as soon as he noticed, but Hayley never thought of covering up, even though he could see her topless.
      “These are superb, Hayley. You look incredible. Now, I want you to do exactly the same thing, but facing the other way, as I want to get the same from inside,” John told her, moving back inside, and resuming as Hayley followed his instructions.
      “Perfect. Now, can you turn more towards me again, and start kind-of flashing. Just pull the thong a bit further down, and start switching which side you’re pulling, to change it up a bit each time. That’s it, yes, but pull it down a bit further… A bit more, so that the hand not pulling it down is just below your hips, and the hand the hand pulling it down is half way down your thigh,” he guided.
      Hayley knew that this meant she would be exposing herself to his camera, but with adrenalin coursing through her veins, did as he asked, gradually revealing more to the camera until she knew it was capturing everything.
      “Great. Now, can you take off the thong, just chuck it over here and I’ll put it out of the way, and turn back to sideways against the door frame again,” he said, waiting for Hayley to oblige.
      Despite being nervous, Hayley again did as asked, kicking the thong towards John for a second time, and watching as he in turn kicked it further, putting it close to where her bra was, and leaving her nude against the door frame as he again started pictures.
      Hayley seemed to relax into the nude shoot quite quickly, as John focussed on getting lots of pictures of her side on, and didn’t ask her to turn towards him at all. In fact, it didn’t even register to her what she was doing when he asked her to look down, and turn completely away from him with her arms by her sides, so he could capture her full nude back. Hayley did so immediately, not realising that in doing so, she was completely exposing her front to the outside world.
      “That’s so sexy. I love it! Just lift your head up now, so you’re looking to the side, rather than at the floor,” John instructed, which upon doing so, Hayley immediately came to her senses, and noticed that the dog walker was back, just sitting on the field watching her, and that he could see everything.
      Hayley could feel her heart thumping in her chest, now fully aware that she was naked, and being watched by a total stranger from the front, and photographed from the back. Everything inside her was telling her to cover herself up or change positions, but instead, she chose to carry on, watching him watching her.
      They ended up shooting Hayley nude for several hours, both in and out of the mirrored room, and even on the field, although John made sure that Hayley was as hidden as possible for that, utilising trees and garages. The man walking the dog didn’t move though, having sat down and watched the shoot almost completely, and giving Hayley a huge thrill, knowing she was being watched.
      “Ok, shall we go and have some lunch for half an hour or so, and then afterwards we can should be able to start the first erotic set, as Wes should be here by then,” John said, leading Hayley back inside.
      Hayley knew that John had mentioned shooting some erotic sets like she had done for Pete, but this was the first time he had mentioned it since she had got there, but her main concern was that she had never met ‘Wes’ before, and was now expected to do an intimate shoot with him.
      As they went back in to the house, John made them both a sandwich and passed Hayley a can of coke from the fridge, before joining her at the breakfast bar, and talking to her about his vision for the next photoshoot.
      “You look a little nervous, Hayley. You don’t need to worry about working with Wes. I’ve worked with him multiple times for this type of set, and he’s always been brilliant. Not only is he a really good looking guy, but he keeps himself in shape without going over the top, he’s extremely photogenic, and takes direction really well, which translates in the pictures. I love all aspects of the boy/girl shoots, capturing a great looking pair in moments of intimacy, as well as the art that can be caught, even when the picture is one of carnal lust. Here, I’ll show you,” John explained, standing up and heading into the lounge before returning with his laptop.
      He opened it up and a few seconds later, turned it towards Hayley, revealing an image of an early twenties man exactly as described, kneeling behind a similar aged female model, with a good length erection sticking out in front of him, and only just entering her. Several more pictures followed, showing them in various positions, however as John had said, they seemed to capture the closeness of the pair. Seeing them, Hayley couldn’t help but find herself getting turned on, imagining it was her in the pictures, instead of the other girl as she scrolled further.
      Once the sandwiches were finished, Pete picked the plates up and loaded them into the dishwasher, before turning to Hayley.
      “I do have one kind-of strange request though, Hayley. As much as I love your landing strip, I prefer it that the girl is clean shaven to shoot erotica. I’ve left out a razor with brand new head in the bathroom, along with some shaving gel, so would you mind just nipping to take care of that, and I’ll give Wes a call to see where he is. The bathroom is at the top of the stairs, right in front of you.” John said, making the instruction sound like a request, and not giving any chance for Hayley to respond as he put his phone to his ear and headed off towards the lounge again.
      Hayley stood and walked to the stairs, initially a little upset at being asked to do such a thing, as the landing strip was formerly her shared secret with Dan, but as she reached the top, she reasoned that this was no longer really the case, and that it would be a surprise for when Dan discovered it that night. A few minutes later, she was finished, and after looking down at herself to check she hadn’t missed anything, pulled her thong back up, and walked back down to find John.
      He was standing in the lounge, chatting to a tall man with his back towards her as she entered, before John noticed her and introduced Wes. He was even better looking in person than she had thought when she saw his pictures, and whilst being a little thinner than she expected, his arms were extremely toned, planting the idea in her head that his body would be as well. A fresh face with no visible sign of stubble allowed his chocolate brown, deep-set eyes to catch and hold Hayley’s gaze as he said hello, and his short blonde hair looked like he had just come from a stylist.
      “Right then, no point standing on ceremony, shall we go and get started?” John said, clearly not wanting to waste any time, and leading the pair upstairs.
      Hayley had been so taken noticing how attractive Wes was, that didn’t see the bag he picked up off the chair as they followed John, and only noticed it as he walked into one of the bedrooms, evidently to change, as John showed her in to a different room where there was a dress hanging on the front of a wardrobe.
      “So, I think this should fit you, Hayley. My idea is that I want to portray you two as a young couple that have been out for the night, and you have been teasing him by wearing only this dress with no underwear. When you get back, you have a slow dance, and then it progresses from there, ok? I’ll leave you alone to get undressed and put the dress on, and when you are done, just come next door,” John said, before walking out.
      Hayley looked at the black dress hanging up as she started removing the little clothes that she was wearing, thinking to herself that it actually looked really nice, but she wouldn’t have chosen it herself, because of the plunging V neckline that would have revealed too much of her small boobs. Once she took it off the hanger, there was another reason, even bigger than that, which would have resulted in her putting it back. Despite being fairly long on one side, the opposite side was slit right up to well past the waist, which when she put it on and looked at herself in the full length mirror on the wardrobe, meant that if she moved or even stood in certain way, it was possible to see inside the gap.
      The butterflies in Hayley’s stomach now felt they were the size of bats, crashing around inside her as nerves started to take hold. ‘Can I really walk in there wearing just this? One wrong move and everything will be on show! He’ll see your now landing-strip-free pussy…’ she thought to herself. ‘Hang on, what are you thinking? You’re shooting a set where you’re going to have sex with him, he’s going to see that anyway!’ she realised, smiling at herself in the mirror. ‘And he is really good looking. Hmm… yeah, he can see whatever he wants. In fact, he can do whatever he wants… well, maybe…’
      Smiling at herself once more because of the naughty thoughts running through her head, she opened the door and walked in to the bedroom next door, completely unprepared for what was awaiting her. It turned out that the bag Wes had brought contained a suit that he had changed in to, and was sitting on the bed talking to John when the door opened.
      Despite both of them commenting about how amazing she looked, she could not stop thinking about how gorgeous Wes was. The suit fit him absolutely perfectly, and unbeknownst to him, this a definite turn on for Hayley. Any time Dan wore a suit, she couldn’t wait to take it off and fuck him like her life depended on it, and now she was about to do an erotic shoot with another gorgeous man dressed like that.
      “Come on in, Hayley, and close the door. Wes, can you just loosen up your tie slightly, and then move over and start slowly dancing with Hayley, and I’ll start shooting,” John instructed.
      Wes did as requested, looming over her as his arm slipped around and his hand found her lower back, pulling her close against his muscular frame as Hayley felt her arousal level increasing by the second. Shortly after, they were asked to kiss, and a deep, passionate embrace followed, where their tongues were dancing together even more than their bodies.
      As they turned slowly, Hayley had her back towards John when he instructed them to stop turning, but for her to spin around, pressing her back against Wes’ chest, and for Wes to lower his face and begin kissing her neck, another deadly turn on for her. He did exactly as requested, drawing small gasps from her as he planted an unrelenting stream of delicate kisses down as far as her collarbone and then back up.
      So caught up in the moment, Hayley was oblivious to Wes’ hands as they gently slid the dress even further apart across her chest, over her nipples, and completely exposing her breasts to the camera. Using the small mounds to hold it there, he moved his hands back to her sides and began lowering them, firstly over her waist, then across her hips, and then down to her thighs.
      Thanks to the dress design and slit up the side, there was only material beneath one of his hands, which he gripped in his fist, and slowly lifted his hands again, returning them up her body over the same path, but lifting the dress, revealing Hayley’s newly shaved-bald slit to John’s lens as he continued taking pictures.
      Wes held the dress up for a while, allowing John to capture plenty of images, before dropping it and reaching behind her, immediately locating the zip at the bottom of her back, and pushing it down. Hayley was still preoccupied by the attention her neck was receiving, and moments later, was relieved of the dress thanks to Wes sliding the shoulders off, letting it fall to the floor.
      She reached an arm up and around his neck, enabling her to pull his head back to hers, and enter into another deep kiss as his hands began exploring her body, one finding her right breast, and the other moving between her legs. Without thinking about it, she opened them slightly, giving his long, thin fingers easy access.
      Wes ran his middle finger between her folds, lubricating it with the abundance of juices flowing from her, before massaging her clit with it, drawing gasps and groans as his digit pleasured her. It didn’t take long for this to become too much, and almost as if he sensed Hayley was about to collapse, moved her to the bed, spun her around, and pushed her back on to it, as his mouth disappeared between her legs.
      His mouth worked over her honey pot with unbound enthusiasm, alternating between licking her soaking hole and teasing at her throbbing clit. Just when she thought things couldn’t improve, he slipped two fingers inside her as he tongued at her clit, arching them inside and rubbing at her g-spot, quickly bringing on the orgasm she was so close to before.
      Like the majority of times she orgasmed, Hayley thrashed about as she squirted, the internal fireworks exploding as her pussy gripped his fingers as tight as it possibly could. In any normal scenario, Hayley would have tried to get the digits out of her in order to try and gain some respite, but at that moment, that was the last thing she wanted.
      She continued moaning loudly as Wes’ fingers continued working on her, despite the resistance her vaginal muscles were putting up thanks to the apparently never-ending climax, and moments later, moaned louder still as she felt what she could only assume to be his little finger push against her anus and slide into her backside.
      Hayley had never been a fan of anal sex, and would only ever allow any kind of ass-play if she was either drunk, or extremely horny. Right now, it was the latter, and she made no attempt to stop Wes as his fingers worked over both of her holes. Instead of trying to remove the invading pinkie from her bum, she almost immediately found herself enjoying the unfamiliar sensation of his unexpected intrusion.
      Eventually, the orgasm began to subside, but Hayley’s mind could not comprehend anything other than the constant pleasure she was being given courtesy of Wes’s mouth and fingers, meaning she didn’t notice that John was no longer behind her head, but had been moving around the room, capturing pictures from all angles during her climax.
      She also hadn’t noticed that Wes had now taken off his tie, unbuttoned his shirt completely, and unfastened his belt. Her mind began returning to normality as his fingers abruptly slid from her, allowing him to pull his shirt off completely from where it had bunched up on his right arm that had previously been joining their two bodies together. This was accomplished in about a second flat, and the garment was dropped to the floor as he replaced the two fingers into Hayley’s waiting pussy.
      She let out another groan as the digits entered and resumed their assault, resulting in another orgasm beginning to bubble within her. The fingers were almost immediately joined by his mouth returning to her clit, and as he licked and sucked at the nub, climax number two hit, causing her to start squirting, and lubricating Wes’s little finger more than enough to allow him to again push it into her ass, this time almost completely inside her.
      More loud groans and moans escaped Hayley’s mouth as Wes continued his seemingly relentless pursuit of her pleasure, but by using his free hand, during this he had been taking off his shoes, socks, and was now pushing his trousers and black boxer shorts down.
      After a bit of fumbling, he was finally out of them, leaving them in a heap behind him as he crouched naked at the end of the bed, still firmly focussed on what he was doing with Hayley rather than the pile of clothes on the floor. Finally, Wes began to slowly rise, bending over for as long as he could to keep orally pleasing Hayley, until he was ready to take things further.
      Removing his fingers from Hayley again, he stepped closer, positioned himself between her spread legs as she laid on the bed, and without actually touching it, lined his throbbing cock up at her entrance. Like Matty, Craig, and most English men, Wes wasn’t circumcised either, and his foreskin covered end pressed against her hole as he paused, enabling John to capture plenty of pictures of their impending coupling.
      Leaning forward, Wes’s lowered his face to Hayley’s and began another passionate kiss as his hips pushed forward, using Hayley’s pussy to pull his foreskin back as his end begun to slide inside her, gradually inching deeper and deeper until he finally bottomed out, pulling a loud groan from Hayley as he did so.
      John was over the moon with the pictures he was taking, capturing the two models become lovers, and the slow, sensual nature of how Wes was sliding in and out of Hayley made for sensational pictures in his mind, and he didn’t feel any need to give instructions or request anything, instead leaving them in their own bubble.
      “Your pussy feels so good. So tight and wet, I love it,” Wes said quietly to Hayley as he continued to slowly thrust in to her.
      “And your cock feels amazing. I love how it feels inside me, so big and thick,” Hayley replied in between heavy breaths.
      “In fact, it feels so good, you can do absolutely anything you want,” she continued, barely believing what was coming out of her mouth, but fully knowing the potential implications of what she was saying.
      “Anything?” Wes asked, wanting to confirm what she was offering.
      “Anything,” she reiterated. “I’m so fucking horny right now, nothing is off limits!”
      John had also heard what Hayley said, so slowly moved towards a chest of drawers, and opened the top one in between taking pictures. He reached in, and soon pulled out a large plastic tube containing a pink/red substance, revealing it to be lube as he softly tossed it on to the bed next to Wes.
      Despite what he had been offered, Wes appeared in no rush to change anything from what was happening, instead, simply acknowledging the bottle of lube, and then re-engaging the kiss as he continued the deliberate pace. Each time he fully entered Hayley, another loud gasp or grunt was muffled thanks to their mouths remaining locked together.
      After reaching about and picking up the lube, Wes opened the top and broke off from their kiss, raising his head to just above Hayley’s, as his piercing eyes stared directly into hers.
      “I think it’s time for you to have another orgasm!” he said, before sliding down the bed and letting his cock slip from her.
      Wasting no time, his mouth immediately moved back between her legs and began teasing at her clit again as he squirted a generous dollop of lube onto his fingers, spreading some around her pussy and asshole, and pushing them inside her again. Unlike the last time, where he had made her cum before putting his pinky in her ass, this time, he put two fingers straight into her pussy, and on the first time of pulling them back, his little finger slipped easily into her bum.
      Again, Hayley let out a loud gasp as the digit penetrated her rectum, and it took mere moments for her to re-adjust to the unfamiliar feeling. As Wes continued his licking and sucking of her clit whilst finger fucking her pussy and ass, John was soon photographing her writhing on the bed, squeezing her boobs and playing with her nipples as the orgasm Wes promised arrived with a loud groan.
      As wave after wave of pleasure crashed over her, Hayley was oblivious to her vaginal muscles attempting to clamp on to Wes’s fingers as he continued, and once it became almost impossible for him to keep going, he simply pulled his fingers from her, and replaced his little finger with his middle finger in her ass, whilst increasing the intensity of his tongue-work.
      More loud groans and gasps escaped Hayley as his hand and tongue worked in unison, unwittingly putting her in a completely new scenario, in that in her whole life, she had never had a guy go down on her and be exclusively fingering her ass as he performed oral on her. This was taken further moments later, as he pulled it out, drizzled more lube over his fingers, and this time pushed two inside her.
      Despite John still moving around them and taking pictures from all angles, neither Wes nor Hayley were even thinking about him, instead focussing solely on each other. Eventually, as Hayley’s orgasm finally began to subside, Wes pulled his fingers from her ass, and after squirting another dollop of lube onto his fingers, rubbed the slick liquid onto his rock hard cock, and over Hayley’s anus.
      During their sex session, the pair had moved up the bed, and Wes was now kneeling between Hayley’s spread legs. His stiff, lubricant coated cock pointed almost skyward as he took a first full look over the incredible naked body she was offering to him. After taking in her gorgeous face, small boobs with long nipples, and freshly shaved pussy that he had enjoyed so much, he took hold of his dick, exposed the smooth, round end, and positioned it at her puckered hole.
      John was in the perfect position to capture first the image of Wes’s engorged helmet pushing against Hayley’s anus, and then several as it slipped inside her, immortalising the first time she voluntarily allowed a man she was doing a photoshoot with to take her ass on his memory card.
      “Oooohhhh, go slow. Hmmm, just stop a second…” Hayley panted as Wes’s end stretched her tightest of holes. “Hmmm, let me get used to it, I’m not used to having a big dick in my arse.”
      “I can tell, you’re so fucking tight. Fuck me this feels so good!” Wes responded as he paused momentarily, allowing Hayley to acclimatise to the feeling.
      John was still taking pictures from all around as Wes started to push deeper, gradually edging further, a millimetre at a time. Occasionally he would stop and pull back slightly, before pressing forward again, his rock hard length progressing more as the seconds passed, until he was roughly half way inside her.
      Leaning forward, Wes initiated another kiss, almost as if to use it as a distraction whilst his length entered Hayley deeper, before starting to slowly fuck her. It was obvious this wasn’t Wes’s first time taking a girl’s ass, as in addition to making sure there was plenty of lube, he took his time, allowing Hayley to adapt.
      Very gradually, his pace began to increase slightly, and he leaned back on his knees, giving John a perfect picture of his shaft almost straight out in front of him, with Hayley arse hole stretched to accommodate it.
      At one point, it momentarily occurred to Hayley that not only was she completely naked, she was on her back, her legs were spread wide open, and she was being ass-fucked by a guy she had known less than an hour. In addition to that, she was willingly being photographed. At that point, she had looked down her body at Wes, and for the first time, saw what he had been covering with his suit.
      She wasn’t disappointed, taking in his tanned, almost hairless body. Normally, Hayley wasn’t against a man grooming, but was turned off if they went overboard and removed all body hair completely, but in Wes’s case, the smoothness suited him, showcasing his well-defined, six pack abs. Several beads of sweat had accumulated at various points, occasionally running down and leaving a glistening trail that took Hayley’s attention to other areas of his body, such as his toned arms, or the tattoo she hadn’t previously noticed, along one side of the V his stomach muscles formed as they pointed towards his impressive appendage.
      The strangest part for her though, wasn’t the fact that she was being photographed naked, or even having sex, she had gotten used to that. It wasn’t even that she was letting him take her ass. She had known ever since Dan told her about how he loved the pictures of firstly Matty (briefly), and then Craig (unintentionally) in her backside, that he wished she would go ahead and let someone do it properly, that she would do eventually. It was that she was actually, really enjoying it, and was again heading towards another orgasm.
      Letting go of the right breast that she had ben squeezing and pinching the nipple of, Hayley slid her hand down over across her stomach, making a beeline for between her legs. It was slightly strange for her at first, not feeling the small strip of hair that normally adorned her mound, instead being met with silky smoothness, courtesy of her recent de-fuzzing.
      It only took a few seconds of playing with her clit before the orgasm hit, squirting juices all over Wes as he pumped in and out of her ass, which became even tighter as Hayley’s muscles spasmed around him, and he announced he was going to cum in a second.
      “In that case, can you cum on her face. I’d love to get a shot of that,” John instructed, moving around towards where Hayley’s head was.
      Moments later, Wes’s speed picked up with a sudden burst, resulting in more moans from Hayley, as he felt the cum begin to rise from his balls. At the very last second, he pulled out and grabbed his cock, gripping the end to stop himself shooting his load, and clambered up the bed until his shaft was over her head.
      Hayley had been so wrapped up in her orgasm, she hadn’t heard John’s instruction to Wes, leaving her unprepared for what happened next. As Wes loosened his grip, multiple jets of hot, sticky cum shot out across her face, raining down on her like a sudden April shower, with some landing her open mouth as she took deep breaths. As the jets eased, Wes pointed his pulsating member down towards her mouth, ensuring more went in, which John seemed to enjoy capturing on camera.
      Almost instinctively, Hayley swallowed everything, but then kept her mouth closed so as to avoid anything further entering as Wes flicked off the last dribble, which landed straight on her lips. Carefully opening her eyes, Hayley was rewarded with an extremely close up view of Wes’s gradually softening cock, complete with a bead of jizz lingering on to the end as he slowly tugged himself to a finish.
      “That’s perfect. Just hold that position, both of you…” John instructed, capturing multiple shots of Hayley’s cum-covered face as Wes’s flaccid length now hung above it. “Ok great. That’s that from you, thanks Wes. Do you want to just nip and sort yourself out whilst I get a few more pictures of Hayley, and by the time we’re done, I guess you will be finished and out of the way.”
      “Yeah sure. Cheers for today John, and you Hayley. I really enjoyed that. If you need me again, just give me a shout.” Wes said as he quickly collected his clothes and dropped them back in the bedroom before going to the bathroom to clean himself up a little.
      Since the feeling of unbridled horniness was now a distant memory, Hayley was keen to clean herself up as well, but stayed on the bed as John asked, in order for him to get a few last pictures. Eventually, Wes finished and was back in the bedroom getting dressed, when John offered her the shower, which she took up his offer.
      By the time she had finished, Wes had left, but John was keen to shoot the next set, passing Hayley a bikini, and wanting to shoot in the garden. Due to being outside again, and the openness that goes with it, Hayley was hesitant to remove the bikini top when John asked. Despite the fact there was a six foot high fence to both sides and the building at the bottom of the garden, she was facing towards the back of his house, meaning that anyone looking out of the back windows from any of the houses would have seen her.
      Despite not worrying if adults saw, Hayley’s concern was younger people, but after John re-assured her that pretty much all of his neighbours were young adults, she got into the shoot, taking off the top, and just as she was about to remove the bottoms, she noticed what appeared to be a good looking man in the bedroom window next door, watching, and making no attempt to hide when he was spotted.
      “Erm, there’s a guy in the bedroom window next door, watching,” she told John.
      “Oh, that’s probably Jack. He’s probably finished work and just got home. He has done several shoots for me, actually. He is in to bondage, and it looks great in pictures. I asked a couple of the girls that have modelled for me if they would be prepared to do a shoot or two like that, and they have done. They have been tied up and restrained, blindfolded, gagged, you name it. He’s got all kinds of kinky shit, but if the model is happy to go with it, I let him go for it, and just take pictures,” John explained.
      “Haha. I was shooting a bondage type thing yesterday, but it was a bit of a damp squib. It was mostly me in leather or PVC, and two shoots with guys, but nothing happened at all with them. I was really looking forward to it, but ended up a bit disappointed to be honest,” Hayley told him.
      “Really? Every girl I’ve shot with him hasn’t shut up about how much they’ve enjoyed it and will be really getting in to it in future. This one girl, I won’t say her name, volunteered to be tied up, blindfolded, gagged, and to have complete noise cancelling headphones in, removing literally all of her senses except smell! Afterwards, she couldn’t stop going on about how intense it was because of that. Every touch was amplified, blah blah blah, she loved it. I didn’t think you would be in to that kind of thing, but I’d love to do a bondage shoot with you, if you are interested,” John replied.
      “He could tie me up, definitely!” Hayley said, chuckling, as she began playing with the string of her bikini.
      “Really? If you are happy to do it, I’ll drop him a text and see if he’s free,” John answered, pulling his phone from his pocket and quickly sending a text message. “Now, just pull at the sides of your bottoms, tease him a little bit…”
       