Chapter Thirteen

King Mica and Queen Aria were seated together in the Queens sitting room when Colin and Jonathan found them.   King Mica first noticed the odd gate to Jonathans walk.  

Are you all right? he asked.

Yes.  Nothing that time wont heal, Jonathan promised.

We have an issue, Colin explained.  It seems that my daughter has been taken. 

Patience? the king asked quickly, knowing that Gracie was still in the wedding suite with Rand.

Yes.   Two men took her at gun point earlier today.   In the scuffle, Jonathan got shot in the shoulder.   As soon as the medic took care of it, he came straight to me.

Your highness, one of the men told me that the only way they would release her is if Rand and Gracie came with me, Jonathan explained, his voice filled with guilt.  If he could have stopped them from taking Patience, this never would have happened.

The king watched the rapidly shifting emotions crossing Jonathans face.  The young wizard was torn up with guilt inside.    From what they had told him, there was no way that Jonathan could have possibly stopped Patiences abduction.    Whoever was out to cause mischief was a force to be reckoned with.

Well, then we find ourselves in quite the predicament, King Mica said thoughtfully.   Pacing back and forth, he tried to bend his mind around a solution for this mess.   Rand and Gracie were still in the midst of the <i>mezclar</i> and until it ran its course, there was no way feasible for them to go with Jonathan to rescue Patience.

* * * * *

Patience awoke with a terrible pounding in her head.   Groaning, she slowly sat up.   She was afraid to even open her eyes in fear that the pain would worsen.   She heard a door near by open softly, then shut.   Just barely cracking her eyes open, she watched William enter the room she was in carrying a covered tray.

I see youre finally awake, he said in a soft voice.   Patience didnt bother answering him.   She couldnt believe that William would betray Jonathan.  She had seen him quite often due to her relationship with his ex-boss.  Slowly, she sat up and braced herself against the headboard of the bed that she had been lying upon.   

Here you go, Patience.  Ive brought you some pain pills and something to eat, William explained as he laid the tray across her lap.   With a shaking hand, she slowly picked up the pills and took them.   She'd do almost anything to stop the pounding in her head.

Thank you, she whispered after she had swallowed them with a sip of juice.

Youre welcome, she heard him reply as everything became fuzzy again. 

What... she mumbled as she sank back against the pillows.  

Patience, are you alright? William asked, concerned.

I dont know.  I...I feel funny... she finished as she drifted back into the black void.

* * * * *

William stormed back into the kitchen where Brett, the man from the plane, sat eating a sandwich.   

What were those pills? he demanded.  Brett looked up at him blankly. 

Nothing for you to concern yourself over, he said taking another bite out of his sandwich.

Shes innocent, William protested.  Why do we have to drug her?

Like I told you already, its nothing for you to concern yourself over.  If boss man wants her drugged, we drug her. 

But its not right.  And I wont do it again,  William told him hotly.

Fine, dont.   Next time, Ill do it the hard way and just knock her out.  Its your choice, William.  Either give her the drugs or Ill do it the hard way,  Brett told him, walking over to the garbage and tossing the remainder of his sandwich away.

William felt helpless as anger washed over him.   He couldnt believe that he had gotten himself into this mess.  He genuinely liked Patience.   He didnt like the idea of drugging her but loathed the idea of Brett placing his hands on her.  

Fine, you win.  Ill give her the drugs.  Just stay away from her.

* * * * *

Brett opened his cell phone and called his boss.  As he waited for the man to answer, he paced back and forth on the patio.   William was becoming a problem.  When his boss finally picked up on the other end, Brett explained the situation.

He what? the boss asked coldly.

Hes giving me guff about the girl.   Hes becoming a liability.

Then keep an eye on him.   When this all over, hes disposable.  Well get rid of him then,  the boss man assured him.  But for now we need him.  He's too valuable as a patsy to dump at this time.

Understood, Brett replied.  Shutting his phone, he walked back inside the house.

* * * * *
King Mica was at a loss.   He didn't quite know what to do.   He couldnt interrupt Rand and Gracie,     to do so would bring sure disaster.  They had to complete the ritual.    He didnt want to tell Colin, his most trusted advisor, that he had to wait until the <i>mezclar</i> was over.   He kept racking his brain.   There had to be another way...  

There was a knock at his study door.   With a gruff voice, he bid the person to enter.   He was not surprised to see his advisor in the doorway.

Colin, the king greeted his advisor. 

I know this puts you in quite the spot.   As king, only you are allowed to interrupt the bonding of your son and my daughter.   And I know the consequences of this action, Colin assured him tiredly.

Yes, I know you do, Colin.  How do I weigh the importance of one daughter over the other?

And I dont want you to.   Let Grace and Rand be.   Let them finish the bonding ritual.  They will be much stronger in the face of this if they complete the bonding. I dont believe that whoever took Patience will harm her.   They want Rand and Gracie too much do that,  Colin assured his liege.

I hope you are correct. 

I hope so too,  Colin said,  agreeing with him.

If it helps at all, Ill be able to tell where shes at and if anything happens to her, Jonathan said softly from behind Colin.  Colin swung around and stared at him. 

Looking at him, thoughtfully, King Mica smiled.  

Youve bonded with her?  he guessed.

Yes.  It wasnt planned but I love her, Jonathan said, his voice full of emotion.

* * * * *

Gracie sat on Rands lap.  They were sitting in a wicker lounger on their shared balcony, enjoying the view of the sun making its descent.  With their hands still joined, she couldnt go anywhere without dragging him along with her.   Time alone was not an option at this point.   She was almost looking forward to King Mica cutting the bindings.   Then she could at least attend to her needs without having her husband hovering over her.  It was rather disconcerting to use the toilet in his presence.

<i>The only good thing,</i> she thought, <i>is that I enjoy the closeness.

Good. I want you to enjoy our closeness.  Even after Dad, servers this silk binding, I will demand the same amount closeness.  Dont ever try to shut me out, Gracie.

He has spoken, I shall obey</i>, she thought sarcastically.

If only I could count on that, he whispered against her ear.  But <i>mi reina</i>  wouldnt be herself, if she obeyed me.   My queen likes to challenge me.   She likes to push me to see just how far Ill let her go.   She likes to drive me crazy with lust, until all I can think about is burying myself inside of her. Rand gently took her earlobe between his teeth.  Matching his words with action he buried himself slowly inside of her.

Gracie gasped, squirming on top of her husband.   She could feel every inch of him buried in her moist depths.  Wiggling her hips, she encouraged him to start the hard thrusts that would bring both of them pleasure.

Shh, relax, little one.  Theres no rush.   We have all time in the world to enjoy this, he coaxed as he pulled her back against him, so she was lying back, with her legs parted by his.  Growling softly, he bent his knees and placed his feet flat on the lounger.   Weve done the fast and furious, now lets try the slow and easy.

Gracie moaned as his movement caused her to slide down further on him and to be cradled in his lap.  Still nibbling on her ear, he slowly traced circles on her stomach with his fingers.   Taking both of her hands in his, he brought their joined hands to her heaving breasts. 

Feel how soft you are, he said, his voice tightening with desire.   Together they slowly caressed and rubbed erotically over her upturned breasts.   Sliding their hands under the folds of robe that covered her body, he urged them up and down her satiny skin.  Oh, you feel so good, he whispered as he slowly began rocking her. 

I could say the same about you, she gasped and moved with his slow movements.   She didnt know if she was going to survive this slow loving, but damn, what a way to go.  

Thats it, Gracie, relax.   Well get there.  Breathing hard, he kept the pace of their loving slow and easy.   Their bodies were still in the grip of the <i>mezclar</i> but he didnt feel the need to pound the hell out of his wife.   The desire to be inside of her was all that mattered to him.   The sensations seemed even more sharp as he slowly loved his wife on their balcony, watching day turn to night.  

To Rand this was fulfilling one of his deepest desires.   He had watched the stars appear numerous times, wondering when he would have the chance to love Gracie under them.  Now that he had his chance, he was going to enjoy every second of it.  Hopefully he could convince his sexy, little wife to indulge in this again.  Moving slowly, but with powerful thrusts, he continued to love her under the stars, wanting to make it so good that she would scream with pleasure. 

Feel good, he murmured into her ear.

Oh, yes! 

Take a chance Gracie, and let me in, he coaxed, his voice becoming more ragged as they drew closer to the edge.

Youre buried inside of me, she gasped, Just how far in do you need to be?

I want inside your heart, not just this luscious little body, he hissed as their peak drew nearer.

Rand please, she pleaded arching back towards him.

Ill always please you, Gracie, he promised as they started to peak together.   Gripping her tightly, he arched under her and drove as deep as he could.  Always, he repeated, as the night sky exploded around them.

* * * * *

Gracie sighed softly as she listened to the sound of her husbands even breathing.  They were once more inside of the wedding suite.   Looking at his relaxed features, she still found it hard to believe that he was hers.   Remembering his earlier words, she shook her head.    True to form, Rand wouldnt be happy unless he owned her heart, body and soul.   He may have staked his claim on her traitorous body.  He may even have bound their souls together, but there was no way she was going to let him know that she was in love with him.  

Rolling over on to her back, she moved as far as she dared.   She didn't want to wake him.  Besides, the blasted silk binding was starting to get on her nerves.   She couldnt even move without him.  She knew the purpose of the binding.  It wasn't as if Rand would ever let her forget that he had bound them together. 

Come here.

Looking over, she saw that Rand had his eyes half open.   She expected to see desire in their depths.   Instead she found a sleepy warmth.   That made her more uneasy than the intense desire that they had shared since entering the suite.

Come here, he repeated, his voice full of sleep.  When she didnt move towards him, he rolled towards her and pulled her into his arms.   Better, he muttered, before sleep reclaimed him.   

Gracie sighed.  It seemed as if she was going to sleep in her husbands arms whether she wanted to or not.  As she slipped into slumber, she found Rand waiting for her.

Every night, Gracie, he promised, pulling her into his arms.

* * * * *

Patience slowly opened her eyes.   The ache in her head had become even worse.  Feeling along side of her body, she felt the nubby fabric of the blanket that covered her lower body.    She thought about sitting up but the pounding in her head made her reconsider.  

She winced when she heard the soft sound of the door opening, then closing.   Rolling her head to the side, she saw William coming in with a familiar tray.

I see you are awake, Pati, William said softly, knowing that her head was hurting. 

Pill... she croaked.  She knew that what ever was in the pill he had given her would help with the pounding in her head.   She needed that pill.  

Sitting down on the edge of the bed, William gently lifted her head and placed the pill inside of her mouth, following it will a sip of the orange juice.   

Patience smiled softly as the drug entered her system.  William tried to ignore the tug on his conscience.    He hated to give her the drug. 

Walking back to the kitchen, he placed the cup on the counter and noticed a bag on the counter.   Picking it up, he realized it was the same drug that he had just given Patience.   Flipping it over, he read the label.   Rage, hot and potent flowed through his veins.   Spinning around, he glared at Brett.  

This is a narcotic.  You realize shes going to get addicted? he asked.

Just a bonus. Brett sneered.   What could be more ironic?  The sister-in-law to the prince being a raz-ice addict.   William stared at him with disbelief.  He could not believe that he was so casual about hooking an innocent bystander on the most potent narcotic that Venus had to offer.  It took years to get over the habit for even the most determined of abusers.   Some never recovered after introduction to the drug.

What had he done?

* * * * *

The next morning, when Gracie awoke, she no longer felt the burn of the <i>mezclar</i>.   She did feel the heat of her own desire though.   She could feel every inch of Rand behind her.  They were molded together front to back.   Smiling with pleasure, she enjoyed the first rays of sun that poured through the french doors.     Looking down, she stared at their intertwined hands.  She didnt think that she would ever get use to seeing the dark contrast of their skin.    

Good morning, Rand murmured in her ear. 

Its done,  Gracie told him.

Really, he whispered against the back of her neck.

Yes.   The <i>mezclar</i> is finally over.  We can go back to normal,

I dont think so, Rand stated rolling her over to face him.  Nothing will ever be just normal between us, Gracie.   It doesnt matter if theres a <i>mezclar</i> or not.   The heat, the chemistry will always be there.

At least Ill be able to control it, she whispered, pulling back from him to look him in the eyes.

Control?  Thats an illusion, Gracie. 

Then let it by my illusion, Rand.  Its the only thing I have left,  she pleaded with him.

Before he could respond there was a knock on the door of their suite.   Looking over her, he waved a hand and the door opened.   He was not surprised to see his father in the door way.  

Its over, correct? King Mica asked from the door way.

Yes, we came through it just fine, Rand said, his voice full of satisfaction.

Good,

But... Rand prompted.

We have a situation.

What?  Sitting up, he pulled Gracie up with him, pulling the coverlet up with him to protect her modesty.

Patience has been taken.

Pati? Gracie asked, shocked and then angered.  Sitting up, she edged to the side of the bed, only to brought up short by the silk binding.  Scowling, she turned to look at her husband.   

Going somewhere? he asked.

Yeah.

Come here, he whispered, gently tugging on her hand.  Pulling her close enough, he kissed her softly.  When they parted, he smiled to comfort her. Then he turned to his father.

Well, lets go get Patience back, Rand told his father, holding out their joined hands for his father to sever the silk binding. 

With the power vested in me, I here by sever these bonds of silk to only replace them with bonds of power, his father said most solemnly.  Then a small surge of power ripped the silk binding in two.  

Gracie almost felt at a lose as the two pieces of silk fluttered to the coverlet.  Unease at being no longer bond with Rand coursed through her.

<i>Youll never be free of me, Gracie.  Ill be with you always.  Now lets go retrieve your sister.   Jonathan and Pati have to take their turn at the alter.</i>