HELOISE, Chapter 8


	Next morning the phone rang as Hole was doing the breakfast dishes.

	Good morning, Forrest residence, she said.

	Get me your master, Hole, the caller said.

	She was taken aback by the harshness in the callers voice as well as his calling he by her slave name but just asked politely, Yes, sir, may I tell him who is calling?

	Just get him!

	Im very sorry, sir but my master has instructed me that he will not accept calls from persons who refuse to identify themselves.

	Tell him its Chet,

	Certainly, sir, please hold, she replied.

	Master, you have a call from Chet, she informed him once she had tracked him down in his office.

	He picked up the phone and Hole hurried back to her duties.  She couldnt help wondering who the caller was.  It disturbed her that some outsider knew she was a slave.  She still considered her relationship with her owners something private but she knew that was silly.  Chet must be from the Order, she decided.  She recalled her initiation ceremony when Master and Mistress had pledged only to take her to Order-approved doctors.  Perhaps he was now one of those doctors she speculated.  Certainly he wasnt seeing anyone else in his fully-equipped office, maybe it was just for treating other owners slaves who fell ill... or were injured by their masters?  As she worked her entire body still hurt from the treatment shed gotten the night before but scenes of helpless saves being horribly maimed and needing Masters medical skills filled her mind.

	Soon part of her curiosity was satisfied.   Mistress informed her that they would be having guests over for dinner and wanted everything absolutely perfect.  Hole did everything in her power to make it so.  While Mistress began preparing a gourmet meal she dusted, swept, mopped, and polished until the house looked like like something from a magazine spread House Beautiful.  Chet and his wife (Hole assumed).  He was middle-aged, average height and looked rather like Kevin Spacey but lean and muscular.  He had an air of command as if the automatic answer to anything he said was, Sir, yes, SIR! and she saw that even Master seemed to be deferring to him.  The woman was at least ten years younger and rather heavy but attractive in a Rubenesque, cherubic way.  Master and Mistress took their guests to the patio for cocktails and after Hole had served them, Master introduced introduced his guest.

	This is Agent Smithers of the witness protection program, he said, he created your new identity for you.

	Unsure how to respond, Hole settled for, Thank you very much, Sir.

	Put you foot up here, Smithers said, pointing to the arm of his chair.

	She obeyed even though it was strange taking orders from a stranger but she obeyed instantly but blushed when she realized she was giving him a perfect view up her dress..  He produced a briefcase and took out a short chain with a medallion on it.  He snapped it around her ankle and said, There!

	Im in charge of security for the Order, he explained, just so in case you ever get any ideas about escaping, he began and Never! sprang to her lips but she caught herself.  She couldnt shame Master and Mistress by being so disobedient as to interrupt a fellow owner, you should know that this can track you anywhere.

	He took his laptop out of the briefcase and logged on.  He called up a map of the US speckled here and there with green dots, each representing a slave.  Major cities had large concentrations but there were a few singles sprinkled here and there.  Smithers zoomed in on California -- there were apparently hundreds of slaves in Los Angeles and the Bay Area, dozens in other cities.  There was one in between LA and San Francisco, he zoomed in and clicked on Paso Robles.  A mugshot of Hole came up with a complete dossier.

	If you run not just the Order but every cop in the country will be looking for you.  Youll be caught.  And punished.  Unto death, he said, relishing the words as if he longed to be the executioner.  He looked at her as if waiting a response.

	I would never try to escape, Sir, she said, trying to get across her horror of the very idea, I love Master and Mistress, I am their worthless, lousy nigger cunt slave for life.

	Very good, he said but still seemed unsatisfied by her answer though Master seemed pleased.

	Mistress announced dinner was ready and Hole rushed to serve them.  Everything was perfect.  The linens were snow-white, the silverware gleamed, the wines were properly chilled, the food was excellent, and she served flawlessly, remaining unobtrusively in the background but appearing instantly to refill their glasses, clear away dishes and bring the next course and wipe up their spills.  Master and Mistress discussed everything with Chet and Darla, matters concerning the Order, their private lives, Masters planned new real estate investment business.  At first she was surprised that they would let her overhear their talk, but obviously it didnt matter to them any more than the walls eavesdropping.  After they finished dessert and she served them coffee in the living room ............................................................................





	Smithers smiled wryly.

	Tell me, Hole, do you like serving your Master and Mistress? Darla asked.

	Oh, yes! she answered wholeheartedly, I mean, yes, Madam.

	Very good,.  And you enjoy them using you?

	Yes, Madam,

	And who do you like having sex with better, your Master or your Mistress? Mr. Smithers asked.

	My Mistress, Hole answered without even thinking, I mean I love both of them . . .

	Dont start lying now, Smithers warned, why do you like your Mistress better? he persisted.

	I...I guess because when I... when I first was a slave I was with Mistress all the time.  I love pleasing her and eating her pussy and she knows just how to hurt me and how to make me.... her voice trailed off.

	Keep going, Master said, anger in his voice.

	Its just . . . Im sorry, Master its just you always, its like your cock is a weapon youre using against me.  Its different with Mistress, I mean its not like Im a lesbian or anything but she . . . Hole stopped.  She knew she was digging herself in deeper but she couldnt really understand her feelings herself.

	Hold it right there, Smithers said sternly, you arent gay or straight or bisexual or anything else, you are  salve.  Youre whatever your owners want you to be.

	Yes, Sir, Hole answered humbly.

	Now getting back on track, why dont you like your Master using you?

	I didnt say that, Hole defended herself, he...makes me, uh, orgasm.  But when hes using me I can feel how much he hates me... he wants to kill me...

	Lets talk about something else, Darla chipped in to Holes relief, how do you like being a maid?

	Oh, I like it, Hole said, after... being at the Order place its so nice to be serving Master and Mistress again.  And my own room!  I never expected that.

	And you look very nice in your uniform,

	Thank you, Madam, I like it too.  It makes me feel like a real person again, Hole replied.

	The room was silent  and Hole knew she had just made a major mistake somehow.  Darla stood up and asked Nathan, Where do you keep your gear?

	He showed her their toy chest, explaining that he and Suzanne had hardly had a chance to try out most of the equipment

	Hole remained in the position as Sir had ordered her.  The silence continued, wearing on her nerves.  From the corner of her eye she could see Darla had selected several items.  Mistress ordered her to stand in the center of the room and strip.  Once she was naked, except for her new anklet.  Darla came up behind her and told her to squat, knees apart and hands behind her neck.  After she complied a leather hood was placed over her head that completely covered her eyes.  There were tick felt pads inside the blindfold to keep it snug and also over her ears so she couldnt hear anything.  Once she was plunged into silence and darkness she couldnt help wondering what was being said about her.


	Suzanne looked at the collection of gags Darla had left on the coffee table.  There were ball gags, cock gags, mouth-stretching metal rings . . .

	One of  the dildoes, I think, she said, picking up the biggest, almost ten inches long.

	No, dear, try this one, her new friend suggested holding one that was only six inches long but more than nine inches around, give her jaws a good stretch.

	Whatever you  say, youre the expert, Suzanne agreed.  Darla took and 
forced it into Holes mouth over her muffled protests.  Once in, it was secured in place and the only part of Holes face showing was her nose.

	I wish wed been there for your orientation, Chet said, I know you havent been owners for long.  Can I make some suggestions?

	Sure, Suzanne said.  Absolutely, Nathan replied.

	First of all, Darla said, this isnt criticism, you can take our advice or not, shes yours to treat how you want.  But youre being far too lenient with her.  Shes sincere about loving you and thats good in its way.  But she shouldnt be obeying you because she wants to.

	Or getting off when you punish her, Chet added, The only  way to keep a slave in line is make sure shes in pain all the time.

	ALL the time? Suzanne asked, clearly not liking the idea.

	Yes, Darla told her definitely, and real pain, not something shes going to enjoy or get aroused over.  Here.

	Darla went to the toy chest and brought out a short chain with alligator clips on the ends.  Some thing like this, she said, fastening the clamps to Holes erect nipples, simple, effective, she can wear it under her uniform all day long and no one will notice.


	And if you work things right you can make sure she NEVER has orgasms, from fucking, from whipping, from anything.

	No one said anything for a moment.  Just how do you manage that? Nathan finally asked both fascinated and horrified.

	Well, she hasnt been able to accomplish it with a female yet, Chet stated to his wifes obvious displeasure.

	Because we dont have any females, she said.

	But howd you do it? Suzanne demanded.

	Easy.  Stick a couple electrodes on the balls and tip of his penis and give him some volts every time he starts erecting,  Darla explained, proud of her ingenuity, But you have to keep it up -- you should pardon the pun.  This slave was like Hole, he was enjoying getting punished and buggered way too much.

	Nate and Chet were uncomfortable with how much the women liked the idea but, ever the doctor, Nathan couldnt help asking, What about nocturnal erections?

	Easiest thing in the world, she said, you know those little collars they put on the base of a guys dick to see if he can get it up?

	Yeah, Dr. Forrest answered, its a diagnostic tool for treating erectile dysfunction.  He caught himself -- no one wanted a medical lecture.

	Right, Darla went on like a teacher whos been interrupted by an unruly student, hook that thing up to the switch, he starts getting nocturnal emissions of piss hard-ons or whatever and bzzzz!
	Last time we took him to the mansion in SanFran the most expert slaves, men and women, couldnt get a rise from him.  Limp for life.


	Suzanne and Nathan looked at each other.  Not for the first time they thought their fellow owners in the Order were too extreme.  But they knew the Order was like the Mafia -- once youre in, youre in for life.

	Im not quite sure how you could work that on a woman, Nate said to break the silence, anyway, its not like we have to decide right now.

	No, Chet said, its just an idea.  We just wanted to give you our experience -- philosophy, if you want.  For us its about power, control, not sex -- or I should say the sex is just a means of control.

	And youll decide for yourselves what you want, Darla said, some owners are more extreme that we are, and some are gentler than you.  But if youre too easy youre really not doing the slave a favor.  Shell still have to serve her time at the Order.

	Whos more extreme than you? Suzanne asked.

	Well, the owner I was thinking of isnt a member, Chet said, She has cellar slaves.  They never see the light of day.  Shes had one in the same cell for a year and a half and a new one bound in the same position for months now.
	Anyway, for me it comes down to this; until you reduce your slave to despair, you dont really own her.  Once youve broken her, THEN shes truly yours for life.
	
	Anyway, Darla said, trying to lift the mood, I hear youve got a your dungeon all finished.

	Yeah, Nate said brightly, would you like to check it out?

	Chet and Darla agreed readily and everyone trouped downstairs.  At the foot of the staircase there was a door to the laundry/utility room to the right and a thick steel door.  He keyed it open, flicked on the lights and stood back to let his guests enter first.  They gawked, taking it all in.  To the left was a row of four cells like real jail cells with bars instead of the cyclone fencing that most masters had to use.  On the right every instrument know to man hung on the wall ready for use: whips, quirts, straps, riding crops, chains, manacles, collars, hoods, spreader bars, hooks, chains, ropes... And for good measure three horses, four whipping posts, a rack and other furnishings were distributed about the room.
	

	Nathan beamed with pride as Chet and Darla looked around with envy.

	Just how did you get an eight foot ceiling in a cellar? Smithers asked.

	Easy, Nate said, dig up the floor, go down a few feet and put the new floor in.  I used the contractor you referred me to and he came up with the idea.

	It must have cost a fortune, Darla observed.

	My late mother-in-laws life insurance, Suzanne deadpanned, she would have wanted it that way.

	Nathan shot her a dirty look but said nothing.

	You still havent brought her down here yet? Chet asked.

	No, like I said weve been busy, Nate replied.

	About time, dont you think? Darla asked.


* * * * * * *


	Hole remained upstairs, deaf, dumb and blind.  Were Master and Mistress still talking to that evil man and his wife?  What were they saying about her?  She certainly didnt want to find out what plans they had cooked up.  Her squatting position had quickly gone from uncomfortable to painful and was coming up on agonizing fast.  All her muscles were cramping, her circulation was cut off below her knees and shed lost all feeling in her arms as the blood drained downward.  Compared with everything else the clamps biting into her sensitive nipples were a mere annoyance.

	Please, she thought, please take me, do something with me.  PLEASE dont let those people get hold of me.  Ill do anything, Ill be absolutely perfect.  Time dragged by, hours and hours it seemed.  Maybe theyre leaving me here all night, she thought.  No, its impossible, they wouldnt do that to me.  But in her heart she knew they would be doing that and far worse.  Just when she decided she had been abandoned, at least for the night someone (Master? Mistress? one of them?) grabbed the chain and yanked the clamps off her nipples.  Her scream didnt make it past the monstrous gag.  She managed to keep her balance and stay in position as a leash was fastened about her neck.  Whoever held the leash gave it a good pull, landing her flat on her face.  She tried to rise up to all fours but her arms wouldnt support her.  More tugging on the leash and she managed to get up on all fours.  She followed gratefully hoping that like last night her pain would be followed up by pleasure.  Going down the steps to the basement proved a problem, she had to hold herself up by her arms and just drag the rest of her body along.

	Say, what was that about assuming the position earlier? Suzanne asked as she led Hole into the dungeon.

	Oh, that, Darla said, Its just most owners have a standard position that their slaves are supposed to assume whenever the owner is present.  Like...

	Hole felt the strange womans hands arranging her kneeling, face to the floor, hands behind her neck.

	Or... she posed Hole on her back, knees pulled up to her chest, I like this one for male slaves.

	Nathan let Chet decide what Holes first torture in the new dungeon should be and he decided on crucifixion.  I know you dont want to get your cutie there all marked up so thisll give you the most pain for the buck, he explained, chuckling at his own witticism.  He expertly tied Holes arms to the crossbar, all the way from her wrists almost to her shoulders.  Cables were attached to the bar and Nathan hit the switch.  The bar rose slowly, pulling Hole up, up , up until her toes barely touched the floor, then up some more until she hung in the air.

	Chet suggested several improvements to Nathan and Suzanne for the next time they used it on her.  He chided Suzanne for having removed the nipple clamps and Darla explained that each stage in a slaves mush be carefully planned for maximum effect.  It was fine, she said, to yank the clips off but it would have been even better if they had stayed on longer.  Putting them on again now would distract her and ruin the psychological effect of the solitude and abandonment she was feeling.

	They left her there to discover a new kind of pain; hateful, impersonal, uncaring pain.  Agony not inflicted by her owners or any human hand but by simple gravity pulling her body down, pulling her arms out of their sockets, making each breath a torment.  With her whole heart she cursed these strangers who had intruded into her loving servitude to Master and Mistress and ruined everything.