Author: mypenname3000
Title: In Another World with My Bimbo App Nine: Popping the Bimbo Catgirl's Cherry
Summary: Mark's newest bimbo adventurer has a cherry in need of popping.
Keywords: MF FF MFF mc oral cremapie facial anal 1st titty ws exhib voy fantasy magic isekai viol

Copywrite 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader for helping out!

Mark Johnson

Cally moved off Mint. My bimbo-catgirl lay on the ground, her face coated in pussy cream. Even after the bimbofication, she only had round breasts. A petite thing with her cat ears thrusting out of her black hair and her green, slitted eyes full of empty-headed lusts.

Yay! Yay! Yay! she squealed, her legs spread wide. Her hairless, virgin pussy on full display. Master's biggie dickie in my cunty! I wanna have a cock in me! Pleasey please! Fucky me, Master!

Fucky her! Cally said, my busty elf clapping her hands together. She had a bit of my cum dripping down her chin. She had sucked me off in such a delicious way. I had loved it. Just fucky her so hardy hard!

Fucky! Fucky! Fucky! moaned Anni as she sat on Erotha's face, grinding her twat on my bimbo-enchanter's face. I lovey fuckies!

Don't I know, I said and sank to the ground, my cock throbbing before me. I aimed it right at Mint's cunt. She squirmed there, looking so delicious. So ready to be pounded by my big dick. I knew I was so ready to just fuck into her and make her cum. 

I pressed my cock into Mint's virgin pussy. The bimbo-druid started purring. The delicious rumbling sound rose in her throat as I rubbed my cock up and down her wet folds. I pushed at her hymen and loved the feel of that elastic membrane stretching before me. 

Her virginity guarded me from entering her. The formerly lesbian catgirl whimpered in delight. Her green eyes sparkled. I thrust harder against her maidenhead. Her hymen stretched more. She gasped as her cherry popped.

Yay! she squealed as I penetrated her once-pure flesh.

Shit, I groaned as I sank into her deflowered heaven. Her tight pussy gripped me. I loved that sensation. I leaned over her as more and more of my cock vanished into her twat until I nuzzled into her cervix. Oh, shit, Minx. You're so tight.

She arched her back, her round tits jiggling. Master's biggie dick is in me! Yay! I have his cock in me! I'm his bimboy-druid!

My fucking catgirl-whore! I groaned, watching her ears twitch.

She purred louder, looking so happy.

I lowered myself down to her body until I was resting on my elbows. My nuts twitched as they hung against her taint. I drew back my cock, savoring that hot flesh massaging my dick. Her face twisted in delight, her purrs rumbling from her throat.

I thrust back into her deflowered snatch. She gasped. I loved having that hot pussy around me. It was so heavenly being in her cunt. I loved every second of it. I thrust away at her twat. I fucked her cunt again and again, burying into her pussy with hard strokes. I fucked her with all my might, reveling in that hot twat around my dick.

Goddamn, I groaned, burying into her over and over again. She clamped that hot twat around me. Shit, you got a cunt, Mint!

I gots a cunty cunt! she squealed in delight. Yay!

Yippee yay! Cally clapped her hands together, her long, pointed ears twitching. I have a cunty cunt, too!

Me threes! Anni moaned. Ooh, ooh, and Erotha's all lickying it and lappying at it and she's makying my cunty cunt feel so greaty good. Ooh, ooh, Erotha! Yay!

I loved the sounds of Annie cumming on Erotha's face. I savored them as I pumped away at Mint's hot cunt. I buried my dick deep and hard into her pussy. I fucked her with force, ramming into her twat over and over again.

Her hot pussy squeezed down on me. She held me tight with that wondrous grip. It felt amazing having her twat gripping me like that. I groaned, pounding her with hard strokes. Mint purred loudly, her hands stroking my sides. 

Ooh, ooh, your cock goes innie me and outie me and innie me and outie me! she gasped. I lovey it! My pussy feels so greaty! Just so greaty good with your dick in me, Master! Ooh, ooh, I wanna always have your dick in me!

Me, too! Cally squealed, her hands massaging her boobs.

Yaaaaaay! howled Annie in the throes of her orgasm. She drowned Erotha.

If I was only in your pussy, then I couldn't fuck other women, I said. And you wouldn't want me to only have one cunt for the rest of my life.

Oh, no, gasped Mint, her eyes widening. I wouldn't want that, Master! No, no, no! You needs lots and lots and lots of cunty holes to fuck again and again and again! I won't be sellyfish at all. Nope. I'll be a goody fish and share you!

I almost lost my rhythm. Almost. Bimbos said the dumbest things. God, how I loved them. I kept fucking Mint's cunt, the pressure building and building at the tip of my cock. I rose toward that wonderful orgasm. I would dump so much cum into her snatch. Just flood her with everything that I had. She squeezed down around me, massaging me.

She humped up into me, her cute face twisting in delight. She had caused so many problems, but now she was my good little bimbo-slut. My catgirl druid who would do whatever I wanted. I slammed to the hilt in her.

Master's dickie cock! she gasped. I'm gonna have cummies on it! My pussy feels so greaty good. I was a lezziebean so I would wait for your awesomey cock!

Yes! I growled. Now you're my dick-loving whore!

I love your dick, Master! she squealed as her pussy convulsed around my cock, showing me just how much she did love my cock.

I savored that hot twat writhing around me. I pumped away at her, savoring the heat of her spasming around me. She suckled at me with such hunger. It was a beautiful thing having her climaxing around my dick. I groaned, savoring that hot delight.

I pumped away at her. I fucked into her with force. I loved how she spasmed around my cock. Her flesh suckled at me in such a sweet way. I groaned, burying into her spasming snatch, her flesh suckling at me. I rose toward my orgasm.

Shit! I groaned as I erupted.

Master's cummies in my pussy! she gasped, hugging me to her. 

I held her, loving the feel of her round breasts against my chest as I dumped my jizz into her pussy. Her cunt writhed around me, suckling at me. Pleasure shot through me. Stars burst across my vision as I dumped all my spunk into her.

Spurt after mighty spurt of my cum pumped into her snatch. I filled her up with all my spunk. The pleasure swept through me. I groaned at the way her cunt writhed around me. She suckled at me with such force. It was an amazing rush.

Shit, shit, shit, I groaned, spurting into her pussy over and over again. That's so good. Goddamn, that's amazing!

Yesy yes, amazing! she gasped. Her purrs rumbled from her as she wrung my cock dry.

My balls emptied themselves in her. I grunted with that last spurt of cum that I fired into her pussy. I felt so good. The pleasure washed through me as she rippled around me. It was a delight. A pure bliss suffused my body.

Damn, I groaned. I glanced up to see Anni over me. She rubbed her tits, the empty-headed bimbo-fighter licking her lips. I knew what she wanted. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Anni

Master was just the bestiest best man in the wholey world. He was such an awesomey hero. He'd beat that demon lordy loser up to the northy. Way, way, way far away. 

My big boobs swayed as I leaned over and nuzzled my face into Mint's sloppy cunny cunt. She had all of Master's jizzies leaking out of her, and I got to lappy them all up. Yay. I licked at her, gathering up all those delicious cummies. Salty and yummy and flavored by tart pussy.

Goody, I moaned and lickyed her again, wiggling my hips. My pussy drippy dripped with lots of juices that all ran down my thighs and made me all squirmy and itchy. So goody, Mint! You're so awesomey!

You're awesomey, too! gasped Mint. Anni! Anni!

Damn, Master said. The wondermus man pressed his wettie dick between my butty-cheeks. I squealed as lickyed at Mint's pussy. Master was going assy-fuck me. Eat that cunt, Anni!

Yesy, Master! I moaned and lappyed at Mint's cummy-filled cunt.

Master drilled that amazey dick of his against my assyhole. I shuddered as my analy ring widened to swallowy him. I stretchedy open wider and wider, moaning into Mint's nummy cummy pussy. I thrust my tongue into her, gathering up all the jizzy goodies.

My assyhole surrendered to Master's cock.

He popped into me with a grunt. Anni!

Master! I squealed as his awesomey cock sank deeper and deeper into my buttyhole. I shuddered at how amazeying that felt. I whimpered into Mint's cunt. Master's cock in my assyhole. Yay!

Yay! Mint squealed, her round boobs jiggling. They were so small and cute and little compared to my biggie titties. Fucky her assyhole, Master! I lovedy it when you fuckyed mine.

Yes, you did, growled Master as his biggie dick all bottomed out in me. There was so much of his cock in me. He just filled me up to the birmmy brim with all his cock. I shuddered in delight, feeling so greaty from that. 

Just so greaty good.

Master gripped my hips and drew back his dick. My bowels clamped down on him. I whimpered into Mint's pussy, my tongue dancying around in her snatchy hole to find more cummies. I scooped them out, loveying how they melted across my tongue.

Mint squeezed her thighs around my head as Master thrusty his dick into my assyhole. He buried so deepy into me. I loveyed it. He pumped away at my buttyhole, just fuckying me with his wondermus cock. I moaned into Mint's snatch.

Anni! Anni! she gasped, her roundy titties quivering. Ooh, ooh, licky all those cummies out of me! 

All of them! I moaned, Master's cock pumping innie and outie of my buttyhole.

He grunted as he fucked my bowels so hardy hard. He thrusty away at me, burying into my analy sheath with his mighty cock. I whimpered, all the goody heat melting down to my cunt. My pussy drank it all in and my orgasmy fun built and built in me.

I wiggled my hips, stirrying my assyhole around his cock. I was so ready to just cummy on him. He grunted as he fucked me, his hands stroking my sides. I loveyed his touch. He found my big boobies and squeezed them.

Shit, that asshole, Anni, he groaned as he pumped away at my buttyhole. You're going to make me cum!

Make Master cummy! Erotha moaned. She sounded like Cally was doing naughty wotty thingies to her. That's so goody. Ooh, ooh, use your slutty assyhole to make him all bursty with joy!

Yesy I will, I moaned into Mint's cunt, my tongue plunging back into her pussy. 

I had to find all the cummies she had. Every lasty drop. I swirled around in her, lickying up that delighty joy. I swirlyed about in her, searching and searching for all of those nummy treats. Her tarty juices soaked my tongue.

Where was more of Master's jizzies? I wanted to find them all, but I was only tasting her pussy. I squeezed my buttyhole tight down on Master's dick, loveying the heat burning down to my twat as I searched through her cunty hole, wiggling my tongue deeper and deeper to find his salty delight.

Nothing. Just pussy.

Had I cleaned him all up? That meant I was a goody bimbo that had ate all his jizzies, but it also meant there were no more jizzies for me to enjoy. I whimpered, his cock all hammerying my butthole and driving me closery and closery to cummying. I wiggled my hips and realized what I had to do.
I had to make Mint squeally and gaspy and cummy, too.

I lickyed at her pussy. I stroked up and down her folds, brushing her cute clitty. She bucked, her round boobs jiggling. She purred louder as I stroked her clitty. She was a clitty kitty cutie. I giggled at that, Master pumping away at my assyhole.

Shit, I am going to cum in your asshole, grunted Master as he fucked my buttyhole. Damn, Anni! Damn!

Yay, yay! Cummy in my buttyhole! I moaned and suckled on the kitty's clitty.

Mint gasped, her hands kneading her boobies like how Master's kneaded mine. He squeezed them and fuckyed hard at my analy sheath. I whimpered around Mint's clitty, all that goody heat soakying into my pussy. I was so closey.

Mint tossed her head is nibbled on her cute bud. My tongue danced over it, frantically lickying at her as Master hammered my analy sheath. His nuts slapped into my taint all full of his jizzies. I was so ready to cummies.

Mint beat me to it, squealing. Anni!

Her tarty juices gushed out of her pussy and soaked my mouth. She bathed me with all that passion. I groaned, lickying up her passion. All her juices. I loveyed drowning in them as Master buried his dick into my assyhole.

I bursty in delighty joy.

My buttyhole spasmed around Master's cock as my pussy writhed. Juices all gushied down my thighs. Just pouring down my legs as the ecstasy flooded through my body. Cummy delights washed over my mind.

Yesy yes, Master! I squealed into Mint's pussy, his cock pumpying away at my writhing assyhole. Cummies in me, Master!

Cummies! Erotha moaned. Yesy yes! Big cummies!

Fucking biggest, he growled and buried into my buttyhole. Her erupted.

I moaned in delighty joy at all his jizzies spurting into my assyhole. I spasmed all around him, suckling at him as I lickeyed up the tarty juices gushing out of Mint's pussy. She squealed and purred while I shuddered.

Master squeezedy my boobies. He kneaded them as he pumped more and more of his spunk into my assyhole. My bowels all spasmed around him, milkying him. I felt so greaty good. More and more orgasmy rapture swept through me.

That's it! groaned Master. That's fucking it!

He filled my buttyhole with all his joyous cummies. I spasmed around him, moaning into Mint's nummy pussy. I rubbed my face into her juicy folds, coating myself in all her tarty juices. She was so awesomey. 

Just so awesomey.

Damn, Master grunted as he pumped a final blast of cummies into my asshole. Always a pleasure to fuck my first bimbo in the ass.

Is it a pleasure to fuck me in the ass? I asked. I was his bimbo-fighter, not his firsty bimbo.
He chuckled. That's you, dummy. You're my first bimbo. Cally's my second. Erotha's my third. Mint's my fourth.

Ooooooooh, I said. Ooh, you did bimbofy me firsty! Yay! I'm firsty! Such happy joy washed through me as Master pulled his cock out of my assyhole. I beamed from ear to ear with tarty cream dripping off my chin. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mint

Aaaaahhhhhhh, I moaned, my tail swishing behind me as I opened wide and swallowed Master's dirty dick.

My ears twitched at the soury flavor of Anni's assyhole. I suckled so hardy on Master's cock, loving that earthy dearthy flavor. I shuddered as I knelt before Master. He was so strongy. So manly and handsomey. The lezziebean me hated men.

I was so glad not to be a lezziebean. Or any sort of bean. I was a bimbo. A bimbo-druid owned by Master. I purred around his cock as I suckled on him. I bobbed my head, loveying his dick with my mouth and my tongue and my lips and my tongue.

Shit, Mint, he groaned, stroking my head between my ears.

They twitched as I closed my eyes. That felt so greaty good. My tail swished faster as I bobbed my head. I had to polishy his dick cleany of Anni's buttyhole. I loveyed that sour flavor. It filled my mouth. So dirty and depraved.

Only a goody bimbo like me would do this. Not a nasty, meany lezziebean. 

My cheeks hollowed as I suckled hardy on his cock. He groaned. I opened his eyes and loveyed the expression on his manly face. He had a square jaw and bold nose and even whiskers. I squealed in delighty joy at being his bimbo as I nursedy on him.

That's it, Mint, he groaned, his fingers sliding through my hair. Shit, that's it. Suck my dick clean. Goddamn, you're a bimbo-whore.

I was. His bimboy-whore. I wanted to be owned by him forevery and every and every. I would be a goody bimbo-whore and sucky on his cock and nursey on his dick and swirly my tongue around his pole and polishy him all cleany.

I bobbed my head, my tail all swishing and slashing and swishing. I suckled, the soury flavor fading. That meant I was doing goody even though it was tasty. My tongue stroked around his cock and made him groan. He twitched in my mouth.

Damn, he groaned, gripping the top of my head. That felt so greaty good. Keep that up, Mint. You're going to get a mouthful of cum.

I wanted more than a mouthful. I wanted a belly full. I had to sucky so hard.

Goddamn! He shuddered. Fuck, Mint!

I purred around his cock as I swirled my tongue. All that dirty flavor faced, but his salty jizzy goodiness grew. I loveyed that taste. I wanted it all spurting into my mouth. Just erupting over and over into my mouth and splashing against the back of my throat. That would be so nummy. 

My pussy clenched and relaxed and clenched as I nursedy on his cock. There was no more earthy soury assy flavor. Just his precummy saltyiness. That was so goody. I suckled on him, wanting it all. I would make him have a hugey climax.

Just keep sucking, he groaned.

Like I would stop! I loveyed suckying on his cock.

Damn, Mint, he groaned. Just a little more.

I purred so loudly around his cock, his hand gripping my head. He held me tight as I nursed on him. My tongue stroked around my crown. His dick twitched in my mouth. All that salty precummies were so goody. He must be so closey.

Which meant I was so closey to getting my salty treat. I nursedy with all my might, bobbing my head. He groaned with such passion. Such manly delight. This was so muchy better than lickying pussy like a lezziebean. I was suckying cock like a bimboy-whore.

Fuck, yes! he growled and erupted.

I squealed as all that nummy salty yummy cummy fired into my mouth. I gulped it down to get that belly full of jizzies. More and more of his spunky erupted from his cock. My pussy clenched, all wettie and hottie.

That's fucking it, he snarled. Mint, you fucking catgirl-whore. Yes, yes, you're my bimbo-slut!
I was! Yay!

I gulped down more and more of his salty jizzies. His cummies poured all creamy down my throat. I loveyed it. This was such a perfecty moment. I quivered, my tail all swishying back and forth. He grunted, spurting his seed again and again into my mouthy hole.

I loved every lasty drop sliding down my throat. I suckled to get it all out of him. That was such a greaty moment. I was all happy to enjoy this treaty treat. This was just perfecty. He erupted one final time. I purred so loudly as the cum poured into my belly.

Yummy.

Damn, he said and opened his mouth wide, yawning. Shit, I'm tired. Let's get back to bed. We got a long day of adventuring tomorrow.

I popped my mouth off and squealed, Yesy, we do! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Erotha

My boobies were all itchy when I woke. Itchy for a cock. Master's cock.

I had livedy so long. I sorta vaguely remembered my borying dummy life of no sex with Master. Hardly any sex at all. I was all focused on stupidy stuff like levelying up to fight the demon lord's dummy minions and stoppying all his evil.

So lame.

I shoulda been a bimboy. Then I would have been fuckying Master for so many years. Just enjoying him and loveying him and cummying with him. That was the bestiest best. Climaxing. Cummying. Orgasyming. Burstying with joyie delight.

Now I was no longer stupied. I was just a dummy bimboy-slut who got to lovey Master all the time. I was all young and hot and sexy and busty. I had hugey tits. Just the biggiest boobies ever. And they were all itchy.

Master was sleeping. He had Mint snuggled up on one side of him and Anni on the other. Me and Cally had slept on the outside, but they were all dummies who were asleep and not smarty bimbos like me ready to wake Master up in the bestiest way possible.

With a titty fuck!

I crawled into position. Master lay on his back, his cock all hardy and woody and I need of my boobies. They were so heavy. I cupped them as I knelt between his thighs. I wrapped them around his cock. My softy titties engulfed his thicky dick. I smiled at that. This was just what I was madey for.

Master bimbofied me so I could give him the greatiest titty fucks in the world. 

I worked my boobies up and down and up his cock. I stroked his thicky shaft, his precummes spilling out and gleaming on the tip before my titties swallowed him all. Then his crown re-emerged with more precum.

I licked up the drop.

He groaned and shifted. I licked up the drop, savoring that flavor. It was such a yummy thrill to do that. I was all happy to licky at his cock before sliding my boobies back up and swallowing all of him. Then he emerged again.

Peekyboo, I squealed and licked his tip.

It was so much funnies to work my titties upy and downy his cock. I fuckyed his throbbing dick with my boobies. My big and soft and hugey breasties. I lickyed his tip every time I saw it. Just savorying that salty precummies.

Shit, he groaned. Erotha?

Master! I squealed. My boobies told me you needed a titty fuck!

Goddamn, I did, he groaned. Shit, that's the best way to deal with morning wood.

What is? I asked, workying my boobies up and down his dick. And what's morning wood, Master?

Fucking air-headed bimbos, he groaned. Fucking love you. Just keep working those tits up and down my dick. You don't need to worry our pretty head about anything.

Okey-dokey! I smiled at him as I kept fucking his dick. I'll just make you cummies. Bimbos don't need to think.

Damn straight. 

I licked the tip of his cock again. Nope. I didn't need dummy thoughts. That was for stupidy old hags who didn't know how to fucky their Master and enjoy cummies. I loved cummies and would enjoy all of them. Just every lasty one in the world.

I squeezed my boobies even tighter around his cock, loveying how warm he felt between my titties. He felt so amazeying between them. I worked my boobies up and down him as fasty as I could. He groaned as I licked up all those cummies.

The others were waking up, but they didn't get to titty fuck him because I was doing it. I had the bestiest boobies for fuckying Master's cock. I licked at his tip, the salty precum all staining my tongue. I knew that meant he was getting closer and closer to cummies.

I wanted him to have all the cummies he could and spurt over my face and drench me in his jizzies. That would be just perfect. I flicked my tongue over his crown. He groaned as I did that. Such happiness spread over his face. He grinned at me.

Shit, I'm going to cum all over your fucking face, Erotha! Master groaned.

Yay! I squealed. Cummies all over me!'

I stared down his cock, watching his spongy tip emerging again and again from between my boobies. I squeezed my biggie titties around his dick, massagying him with my softy mounds. He ground, his cock twitching. 

With a growl, his dick exploded with cummies. They splashed across my face. Mint and Anni and Cally all cheered me on as Master painted my face in his jizzies. I opened my mouth wide, catching all his nummy spunk.

I loveyed that salty flavor. He grunted over and over again as he spurted more and more of his cum across my face. Such happy joy washed through me. That was just such a perfecty treat for me to experience. He just coated in all his jizzies.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, he grunted. Damn, suck on the tip, Erotha! Suck it, slut!

I swallowed the tip of his cock. A last blast of his salty cummies shot into my mouth. I moaned on delight. I suckled on him, wanting more of that deliciousy treat. I shuddered as he grabbed the top of my head and forced my lips further down his cock.

That's it, he panted. Just... yes.

Something new gushed out of his cock. Not salty cum but acrid pee. He pissyed in my mouth. I moaned in delight and gulped down all his urine. I trembled, my pussy so hot. I was so glady that he used me like a bimboy-whore.

That's it, he groaned, sounding so relieved. Just swallow all that piss.

Lucky, Cally whimpered.

I gulped down all his pee. Just swallowed every last pissy drop. It poured down into my belly as his cummies dripped down my face. I shuddered, pussy cream running all hottie down my thighs. What a wonderful treat.

He filled my belly up with all his pee. I gulped it down, his acrid urine making me shiver. Only a bimboy-whore would love this. Old dummy me would have hated this. But she was a stupid old pruny bitch, not a young and hot and awesomey bimbo like me.

Yay.

Master groaned as his piss petered out. A few more spurts of that salty delight, than it was all gone. I swallowed it down, feeling so good. I popped my mouth off his cock with a wet plop. He grinned at me as I smiled at him.

That was great, Erotha, he said. Damn, what a great way to start the day!

I beamed at him. I was so glady to serve him.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mark Johnson

I felt great as I marched through the Blackmoss Forest. Another day adventuring in a fantasy world with my Bimbo App. I was in my armor, my ax and flail on my belt. My four party members were with me. We were on a quest.

We had to kill the Dark Hand Kobolds. I had to bring back twenty ears as proof for twenty silver pieces. I hoped to find some kobold women with them to take as sex slaves. Bimbo sex slaves. God, the App was amazing.

The forest was as dark as usual as we headed farther north. The trees all had their coating of black moss. The shadowy lichen made all the trees look blighted and diseased, but they really were healthy. The moss here was just... black.

It wasn't evil or anything. I had no idea why it wasn't green. Didn't it need photosynthesis? Or was it a parasite on the trees, feeding off the nutrients. I really didn't know I supposed in a world with magic, it really didn't matter if it worked the way things did back in my world.

The moss might have magic or something.

After a few hours of adventuring, Cally stopped. Her ears twitched. I glanced at her as she looked around. She was a bimbo-hunter, so she probably had the best listen skill out of all of us. I mean, this was based off an RPG game. So we probably all had stats that gave us various skills. Listen. Spot. Like D&D or something.

There, she hissed, pointing at a bush ahead of us.

As if the monster in there knew its ambush was spoiled, it burst out of it and shot straight for Anni standing beside me. She gasped in surprise as the black snake struck before she could block. It bit her in the thigh. 

She squealed in pain, her leg swelling from the wound. She fell down on the ground and spasmed. Poison? Fuck. The snake drew back. It was... blurry. Smeared in darkness or something. I drew my ax as it hissed at us.

Shadow Serpent! cried Cally as I swung at it.

I missed. The ax slashed through darkness, but I didn't hit the snake. It was like it wasn't quite where it appeared to me. I slashed at it again, missing. The snake snarled and its tongue swept at my feet, striking me and knocking me down.

Fuck, I growled.

Anni! Mint gasped and jumped on Anni. She kissed Anni on the lips, using her bimbo-druid skill Rejuvenating Kiss. 

Anni gasped, the wound in her leg healing. She whimpered and pressed herself back up as I gained my feet, too. The snake slithered to the right, leaving a blur of darkness that was hard to spot. Mint leaped at it and slashed at with the metal claws she wore. 

She tore into the flesh.

She hit it. Damn.

Master! Erotha said, ripping her dildo-wand out of her pussy and thrust it against my weapon.

It glowed with the enchantment. Thanks!

My busty bimbo-enchantress smiled at me as she thrust her dildo-wand back beneath her skirt and buried into her cunt. Her back arched as she moaned in delight. She wiggled her toy around in her cunt and ripped it out.

Anni! she darted over to Anni and touched her sword.

Ooh, yay, pussy-sword! Anni cried.

I grinned and darted for the snake. It coiled up nearby. It snapped out at me. I dodged it and swung at the creature, but not quite where it appeared. Just a tad to the right. I hit the snake. Blood spurted. The shadows wreathing it rippled for a moment.

The snake snarled in fury. 

The jaws snapped at me and struck my chainmail coat. The fangs scraped across my armor but don't bite into me. It hissed and dodged one of Cally's arrows. My bimbo-elf gasped in disappointment while Anni rushed up.

Icky snake! she cried and swung her enchanted sword.

She cut the sneak badly. It snarled in pain and retreated. It slithered fast to the side, rushing for Mint. She jumped to dodge its attack, snarling like an angry cat. She landed on all fours, her tail swishing, the bow tied on it rustling.

Cally! Cally! Erotha pressed her dripping dildo-wand to Cally's bow. It glowed. Shooty it!

Yay! Cally squealed and drew back her enchanted bow. A glowing air hissed across the battlefield.

The missile struck the snake in the eye. It recoiled back as Cally jumped for joy thanks to her Bimbo Lucky Shot ability. Anni darted in, but the angry snake snapped at her. She flicked out her sword, parrying the attack.

She giggled for joy as she slashed, striking the enemy again.

Erotha flicked her pussy juices from the end of her wand. Where they struck, the shadowy serpent snarled in pain. I rushed at it and slashed with my ax. Is truck it in the head, cutting through scales and gouging the skull.

It turned and attacked at me.

I whipped out my flail and slapped the leather tails into its head, knocking the attack to the side before it could bite my leg. I raised my ax to slam down on the snake, but it darted in a second time, blurring. It struck my thigh, fangs piercing through my leather pants.

Fuck! I snarled at the intense pain.

Agony shot from the wound. The venom burned up to my crotch. The pain almost overwhelmed me. It was far worse than a bite should be. My vision blurred as I stumbled back. My legs wanted to collapse beneath me.

Shit fucking cock-sucker! I growled.

Master! Master! Mint cried.

My bimbo-druid jumped at me and kissed me. The moment her soft lips touched mine, such warmth flooded through me. The euphoria surged through my body and drove back the pain. The agony assaulting my leg and crotch vanished.

Thanks, I said as she jumped clear. Her magic stayed in me. It wasn't an instant cure, but was mending the wound in my leg.

Anni slashed and missed. The snake turned to strike her when Cally's arrow stuck it in the head. The serpent ripped its gaze toward her. I swung my ax. The snake dodged, blurring out of the way. Its tail swept for my legs.

I jumped over them and hacked off its head.

My ax cut through its neck. The body flopped to the ground, black blood pouring out of the stump. The creature thrashed on the ground as it died. My phone dinged with a notification. I grabbed it as the bimbos all cheered on our victory, so thrilled we killed it.

I opened my phone. First thing I noticed was having 6 Magical Crystals. So we defeated a Level 4 monster. He was a tough fucker and... We had leveled up. All of us were now Level 2. We all had flashing portraits. I clicked on mine.

Choose your Level 2 Special Ability!

I didn't get to pick at Level 1, but now I had the chance. I had two abilities to choose from. 

Bimbo Inspiration (Level 2): Your sexy bimbos inspire you to unleash a burst of damage. 

Bimbo Tank (Level 2): You absorb damage for your bimbos. 

I liked Bimbo Inspiration. That sounded like a better plan. I liked the idea of unleashing a burst of damage. The best offense was a good defense, right? I could feel the new ability being able to trigger. Plus I had something that worked when I wasn't fighting a hot monster girl like Ass Slap.

I licked on Anni's portrait.

Choose your Bimbo Fighter's Level 2 Special Ability!

Squealing Slash (Level 2): Bimbo fight squeals in delight and slashes, dealing a hard blow.

Empty-Headed Defense (Level 2): The bimbo is too stupid to be hurt for 5 seconds.

The second ability made me smile. I mean, too stupid to be hurt did sound like a neat idea, but as I said, best offense is a good defense. So I went with Squealing Slash. The moment I clicked it, Anni gasped and shuddered.

New attack! She jumped up and down, her boobs threatening to fly out of her metal bikini. Her red hair flew around her. Yippee Yay.

Choose your Bimbo Archer's Level 2 Special Ability!

Bimbo Panic Shot (Level 2): The bimbo panics that an enemy attacked her and fires back.

Bimbo Dash (Level 2): The bimbo darts to safety.

I liked Bimbo Panic Shot. It really fit the idea of a best defense was a good offense since she'd strike back at the fucker her hit her. Like with Anni, she gasped in delight. She held up her pink bow, looking so proud, her, boobs quivering in her leather bustier.

I got a new one, too! I'm an awesomey bimbo-archer! She grinned at me.

I winked at her and moved onto Erotha.

Choose your Bimbo Enchanter's Level 2 Special Ability!

Strengthening Juices (Level 2): Flicks her pussy-coated wand to give a strength enchantment to party members.

Weakening Juices (Level 2): Flicks her pussy-coated wand to weaken an enemy's strength.

Well, I liked being strengthened over weakening the enemy. I wasn't a fan of debuffing. But getting some great buffs before a boss fight reminded me of raiding in WoW. I picked that up. Erotha kissed her dildo for joy.

I'll make you all so strongy! my bimbo-enchanter said, looking so happy. I knew she would.

Choose your Bimbo Druid's Level 2 Special Ability!

Wild Kitty Attack (Level 2): Attack like a naughty kitty and claw up an enemy.

Naughty Puppy Bite (Level 2): Bite an enemy like a cute puppy.

Well, that was a no-brainer. She was a catgirl not a puppygirl. I selected Wild Kitty Attack. Mint clawed the air and hissed in such a delectable way. I couldn't hep but grin in delight at her enthusiasm. She was so excited.

Meow! I'll tear all the baddies apart, Master! Mint promised, her ears twitching. Her cute bow on her tail rustled.

I petted her between her ears. Yep. Let's see if we can't find those kobolds and use these abilities on them!

Yesy yes! all my bimbos cheered, looking so happy with their new levels.

I had a swagger to my feet as we marched through the Blackmoss Forest. Level 2. It didn't sound like much, but it felt great to hit this milestone. I kept my eyes peeled for any more of those Shadow Serpents. I did not like them.

The ground grew steeper. We were climbing out hills covered in protruding roots. My armor jangled as I climbed up there. I wasn't out of breath, but I was breathing hard. Sweat dripped down my brow. I wiped it and looked down at a dell. Still no sign of those kobolds.

We descended into the dell. I kept my eyes peeled for any surprises. The woods grew darker. The trees here were thicker, the furred branches of the pine trees choking out the sunlight. That made me wary. This was the perfect place for an ambush.

Cally and Mint had their keen ears, so I kept moving, Anni on my right, Cally and Mint in the rear with Erotha between us. My bimbos weren't dumb enough to be making noise. I just realized that. They weren't all giggling and playing grabass. They took adventuring seriously.

Or maybe they were just copying me.

Either way, I was glad for that. It would be so awkward if we were sneaking through enemy territory and they started squealing about how much they loved

A furred form burst from a bush to my left. I whipped my head around as the creature snarled like a dog or wolf, leaping right for Cally. My bimbo-archer shrieked in fright at the attack and shot off a quick arrow. 

Bimbo Panic Attack at work.

The arrow struck the creature in the chest. It snarled and stumbled back, its attack thwarted. It was a shaggy creature that was the blend between a man and a beast with thick, gray fur and a wolfish muzzle. Golden eyes shone with fury. 

Icky werewolf, Mint cried.

Nasty! Erotha gasped and shoved her dildo-wand into her pussy and stirred it around.

I drew my ax and flail as the bush before me exploded with another werewolf. The slathering jumped straight for me. I growled and swung my ax, striking the beast in the shoulder before he could hit me. My ax hit the tough skin, knocking him back but it wasn't a deep blow.

There wasn't even any blood.

Fuck, I snarled.

Two more werewolves leaped from other bushes. One had tits. Three males and a female. And the female wasn't nearly as furry as the rest. She was showing way more pale skin, her perky tits devoid of any fur. She had the head, though, with the slathering jaws. A tail swept over her rump as she charged for Anni.

Anni, let's swap! I cried and darted to intercept the female.

Righty, Master! Anni cried and rushed at the one I hit. Not so fasty fast! She giggled and the wolf snarled in pain. She was getting use out of her first ability.

Swung my flail at the female werewolf, striking her in the muzzle and knocking her head to the side. She snarled in pain while I thrust my weapon up in the air. I triggered Bimbo Inspiration. A wave of red energy washed out of my weapon and struck my bimbos. They all gasped out in rapture.

Did they just cum?

They squealed as the attack energized them. Anni slashed hard with her sword while Erotha's glowing dildo-wand shone even brighter. An arrow hissed from Cally's bow while Mint leaped at the last werewolf and used her new ability, Wild Kitty Attack, to maul him.

Master! Erotha said and touched my flail. It glowed bright. Then she touched me.

My entire body burst with energy. I felt so much stronger. Like I could bench press an elephant or something. I grinned at her as she jammed her dildo-wand back into her pussy. She had the rest of the party to buff.

Good work, I said and dodged the werewolf-bitch's snapping jaws. She almost closed in on me. 

I used Ass Slap and cracked down on her cute, pale rump. 

CRACK!

She howled at the stinging impact. Red welts appeared across her naughty rump. She jumped from foot to foot then turned around, slashing at me with claws. They scraped over the front of my armor. I grinned at them.

No, no, no, Cally squealed and ducked the werewolf she was fighting. He sailed over her and crashed on the ground. Baddie doggo!

Cally! cried Erotha. She ran over and touched the elf's pink bow then her body. Cally gasped and drew an arrow, striking the werewolf in the lower back.

He snarled in pain.

I grinned and faced the bitch. She snarled at me. She darted for my face. I jumped back and slapped her with my flail across the tits. She hissed in pain, red lines appearing. One crossed her nipple. I grinned at that. 

I'm going to make you my bimbo-bitch, I said. You're going have my collar and

She lunged low. Her muzzle snapped down on my knee. I gasped as she clamped down hard. Pain exploded as she ripped her head back. I stumbled and lost my balance. I fell onto my back with a loud grunt. The air burst from my lungs.

The werewolf bitch snarled with rage and pounced on me. She landed straddling me. Her jaws snapped down at my throat to rip me out. She bit down hard on my exposed flesh. I snarled at the pain as she tore, ripping away a chunk of my Hit Points.

Master! Mint cried in pain.

Fuck, I groaned as the werewolf snarled over me, blood dripping from her fangs. Rage gleamed in her golden eyes as she snapped her head down for another bite.

To be continued...
