Doctor cures my wife's itchy pussy
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

My wife complained that her pussy was very itchy. It was getting so bad that she was very uncomfortable. We decided to go see a gynecologist. We had just moved in to this small town and my wife didn't have any idea about who to go to. When I called one of my friends he recommended the name of his friend who was a gynec in the government day-hospital. It was rather unusual as in the country side small towns in India, usually females prefer to go to female gynecs. But since that was our only lead, we made an appointment and drove to the government clinic.

When we checked at the reception, we were told that the doctor was actually occupied and we might have to wait for some time. It was already nearing 5.30pm and the out patient department was absolutely empty outside the gynec's clinic.

We waited till 6pm and there was no sign of the doctor, so I went to the reception and asked again. There was only one staff at the reception and she seemed very busy filing her reports before closing the clinic. She told me to wait outside the doctor's room as she had no idea about his schedule. So I went back but outside the doctor's room there was no sign of my wife. I realized that the doctor might have called her inside while I was away. So I walked up to the door and opened it slightly after knocking.

The room was empty. It was like a mini reception and the table was unmanned. There were two more doors perhaps leading to consultation rooms. Both the doors had tiny glass panels through which you could see inside. I peeked in one of the rooms and saw that there was no one inside. In the other room I saw my wife walking towards the inspection table. She was taking off her saree so I decided to wait outside till the doctor completed the check-up.

The inspection table was lined along the back wall and there was a metal screen pulled up as a partition. But I could see clearly what was happening on the other side of the partition through the reflection of the table in a full length mirron on the opposite side. After my wife took off her saree, she folded it as neatly as possible and slung it across the screen and lay down on the table. Her feet were facing the mirror and I could clearly see her panty-clad pussy mound.

The doctor washed his hand at the sink and started wearing a pair of gloves...then he turned to my wife and asked her to remove her panties which she did. Then he asked her to pull her petticoat up. She pulled the petticoat up till her knees but because of the angle, the cotton underskirt just slipped all the way to her waist, exposing her milky thighs and hairy pussy completely to the doctor. The doctor was wearing brown trousers and a polo-tshirt under his white coat. He asked her a few questions and told her to spread her legs so he could check up the problem. Once my wife pushed her legs apart her pussy lips stretched a bit and started opening up and I could see the slight pink folds inside.

The doctor, to my surprise, then removed his right glove (out of my wife's sight) and threw it in the dustbin kept under the table. He then bent down and spit on his index finger and slowly inserted the finger in her pussy. I could see that my wife spasmed at the sudden intrusion in her pussy. But probably her itching pussy liked the friction produced by his calloused bare hands and she just bit her lower lip. The doctor took out his finger and sniffed it. His eyes closed for a second and then he inserted the finger in my wife's pussy again. This time, he rubbed her pussy lips sideways up and down. He repeated it a few times and asked her if it was the position where her pussy was itching. His exact words were, "Lady, is your pussy itching here? Or here? Or here? Or here?" each time he would move his finger on a different part of her pussy lips.

My wife, clearly in discomfort, replied, "the itching is not outside doctor it is inside."

At which the doctor proceeded to push his finger inside till his second knuckle and rotated it in circular motion along the pussy's hole and tunnel. By so much fingering inside her pussy, I was sure that my wife must be getting aroused as she can't take must stimulation of her pussy even when we have sex. The doctor was continuously rubbing my wife's pussy in a manner that didn't seem very clinical but I was rooted to the spot. My cock was filling up with blood and straining my underwear. I just stayed put to see where all this would lead to.

"Okay, let's try something different," he said and without warning her and without lubricating it, he pushed another finger in her pussy, "how does it feel now? Better?" he said and started finger fucking her like a man would do before fucking a woman with his cock. He must have noticed that my wife was squirming her ass and was now highly aroused with all his stimulation of her pussy. He then added a third finger to her now obviously very wet pussy. I was shocked to see that she was so wet and had allowed the middle aged and quite unattractive doctor to penetrate her pussy with three bare fingers - skin to skin.

Now the doctor held my wife's knee with one hand and fucked her with his glistening fingers - pounding her moist pussy furiously. The thick thumb of his hand was also manipulating her engorged clit each time his fingers slid in her pussy. My wife's head was thrown back and she was moving around like a fish out of water. Her feet were no longer planted on the table, she had lifted her feet high enough in a wanton fashion just like those sluts in prono movies. She looked like she was expecting the doctor to keep her feet on his shoulders.

The doctors hand now moved to her breast from her knees and he started playing with her erect nipples. His hand was a blur as it fucked my wife's sweet pussy so far touched only by my cock, tongue an hands. Then I heard my wife mumble to the doctor, "oh doctor, the itch is getting worse...it's not here anymore...it's moved deeper...much deeper inside. Please do something, oh please remove my pussy's itch or I will die." She was panting heavily and biting her lips and throwing her head left and right continuously.

The doctor removed his hand from her breasts and without missing a beat of his fingers fucking her pussy, he unzipped himself and hauled out a massive erection. The angry looking cock was at least 11 inches long and about four inch in diameter. It was more than double the size of my cock. It's uncut head was oozing precum like a faucet and his purple cockhead was slightly visible from under the skin.

As he removed his fingers stained and glistening with my wife's pussy juice, he quickly replaced his fingers with his cock and rubbed it along her pussy lips. No condom, no birth control pill for my wife and her fertile period and this middle aged ugly doctor ready to plunge his thick hard cock inside my wife's pussy - oh my god it was all getting a bit too much for me but by the time I thought what I should do, the good doctor had eased his cock inside my wife's itchy pussy.
She calmed down for a moment but it was probably to get used to his massive cock rather than the ease in her itchy pussy. The doctor too stopped for a moment till he slowly pushed his monster cock inside her hairy pussy inch by inch. I was shocked to see that my wife, who sometimes complained that my cock was painful inside, was happily chewing his entire cock with her pussy. I could see their pubic hair mingling with each other.

The doctor then pulled his cock out of her pussy completely. I saw as it came out...I thought it would never end, it was so long and thick. And Once he pulled it out completely I saw the gapping hole of my wife's pussy inviting it back inside and he promptly in one forceful thrust plunged his massive cock to its hilt. Then there was no stopping as he fucked her mercilessly. My wife's moans filled the room as she furiously rubbed her clit in time with his cocks entry and exit from her insatiably itchy pussy.

Suddenly she bent upwards and grimaced in throes of her orgasm. The doctor waited till her pleasure waves stopped and he started fucking her again. They fucked for about five more minutes and then, the good doctor, pushed inside one final time and remained inside her pussy. He clutched her waist as if to not let any sperm get out of her pussy. I could see from his tensing ass cheeks that he was unloading his potent baby-making sperm inside my pretty wife's so far faithful pussy. He must have come at least for a full three minutes and after that he slowly withdrew his cock from her pussy, leaving her hole wide open for even a horse cock to fuck her. Then to my surprise he stuffed a lot of cotton inside her pussy and pulled her panties on.

"This will help your pussy cool down," he said with a wink and turned around to wash his hands. 

My wife remained motionless for sometime and then started dressing up. I quickly got out and sat down on one of the chairs outside reading a old magazine lying nearby.

My wife came out five minutes later and we drove back to our home. She never said anything except that her itch feels better. As we reached home, I pushed her to the bed and ripped her clothes apart. She was a bit conscious as the cotton was still blocking her pussy so I gave her an opportunity to take the cotton out and went to the bathroom to take a piss. But I didn't give her too much time and returned quickly before she could wipe the evidence. I shouldn't have worried there was a cupload ful inside and as I dove down on her pussy with my mouth clamped on her pussy lips, I got a big spurt inside my mouth. I swallowed easily savouring my new found creampie taste and plunged my tongue inside her wide pussy to suck out all of the doctor's still fresh cum.

And then I positioned my six inch cock at her pussy entrance and plunged inside without any friction because of the damage the doctor's massive cock had done to her pussy...but never mind that and I came within three strokes and collapsed on top of her and we both fell asleep like that.

Next morning as I was leaving for the office, my wife told me, "I think the itch has retuned again...I better take another appointment with the doctor." I looked at her dumfoundedly and replied, "fine just tell me what time and I will drive you there."

The end.