It Had To Be Magic
by stewartlinda

A magician brother and his sister discover each other.

Part 1 – The Discovery

It is amazing how things that happen when you are young can have such huge consequences when you get older. The story I have to tell is pretty wild but, as I have heard, it said truth is stranger than fiction. It all started about 6 months ago when my sister called me up out of the blue. We had not talked in a few months. I could tell by the tone of her voice that she wanted a favor.

"Teddy, how is my favorite brother doing?"

Teddy has always been my pet name for me ever since I was a baby. My first stuffed animal was a teddy bear and my sister never let me forget, even at the age of 24. Barb is over a year older than me and never missed a chance to remind me, I also had my own pet name for her, Barb. She used to play with Barbie's all the time. But somehow it never seemed to get under her skin, me calling her Barb, as it did me being called Teddy.

"Hey Barb. I can tell from the tone of your voice you want a favor from me." Even without meaning to, I let out a sigh and answered with a little bit of gruffness in my own voice.

"Now you know I just love to talk to my favorite brother, that's all." Her tone was like honey.

"Come off it. I'm your only brother and you know it, so what gives?" I was really started to lose my patience.

"OK, I was telling my friends about how wonderful a magician you are and want you to do a show for me and my friends at a big party. It will be a pretty big crowd. I even asked everyone to pitch in, and we can pay you $500 for a good show. Before you say no, remember when we were kids and you were learning, who was it that always was your assistant and helped you for days on end?" Her tone had a minor hint of reproach in it.

Shit, I hate it when she plays the guilt card on me. It was true; she was always there for me. From the time I was 16 and really took my magic serious, she helped me in every way. If I learned a new trick and needed an audience or an assistant, she was always there. She was very understanding and really took an interest in my hobby. I knew there wasn't any way I could tell her no, but I wasn't going to make it easy for her.

"Sis, you know I would be glad to help you, but it would take a month for me to practice up and get everything together for a really good show." I added just a bit of regret in my own voice.

"Besides you know for the past 5 years, I have really only been working on my escape tricks more than simple magic tricks. The set up time is a lot longer than just a few coins," I told her really trying to get her to understand that this would take a while to work up and I was not just trying to get out of it

"Not a problem Teddy. The Party is not for three months and you will have lots of time to work all the details out. You have no idea how much I appreciate this and will do everything I can to help you get ready." There was no way to hide the excitement in her voice. She was really thrilled.

"OK sis, I'll do it. As you knew I would." I sighed.

"You are the best. I know you need a place to set up and practice. Why not bring everything over to my house? There is a full basement that you can set everything up there for the whole performance. I know you don't have room in that little apartment of yours." Her voice was squeaking in that high pitched tone when she gets really excited.

"Sounds great I will start moving all my props from the storage building and set everything up at your house. This is going to be a lot of work and long hours. I hope this is worth it," I told her just to let her know this was a really big favor.

As I hung up the phone, I was actually very excited myself. I had been working for years on all the different tricks and escapes and wanted to put on a big show for an audience. I never did more just a few simple tricks. Never an entire show, and this would be a chance to show off how good I had really gotten. I knew I was good. There was not a single trick that I have seen or watched others do that I could not do as well. But my true passion was being an escape artist. The first time I saw guy chained up and put in a box and escaped, I was hooked. I would try to duplicate the tricks till I figured it out and tried to find way to improve on the idea.

I guess this is really where my sister helped me the most. The first time I tried an escape, I would do it to my sister first. I would study the way the chains, handcuffs or even rope was tied to see how I could get out of it. I remember like it was yesterday, the first time that I asked her to help me. I told her I wanted to go beyond just magic and become a great escape artist. I told her I had to have someone to help me and begged her to help. She was so sweet she agreed and from that point on, if I need an assistant she was there.

The next day I went over to her house and delivered my first load of props. She met me at the door with a big smile and a hug that had to make anyone smile back. As we unloaded the first load of props, I could not help but notice how really beautiful my sister had become. Her hair had gotten even longer than the last time I saw her and her form fitting T-shirt really showed off her chest. Every time I had seen her, she was always in baggy clothes. I had never realized just how much she had filled out. There was a lot to move and we were both pretty sweaty from the hauling. I could not help but notice the way her T-shirt rode up and showed a totally flat tummy with a belly piercing. I didn't mean to stare but I kept my eyes on her belly button ring just a little too long when she caught me staring.

"Checking out your sister, Teddy?" she said with a teasing note and looking me straight in the eyes.

"Don't be gross. I just happen to notice your belly button ring. That's something new since the last time I saw you." I was trying to make it look very innocent and not like I was perving on my sister.

She gave me that little 'yea right' look, but seemed willing to drop the conversation anyway. After several hours of hauling and unpacking, I was ready to stop. We both were pretty exhausted. We dropped on the couch with a plop. I opened my eyes when I felt a cold beer placed in my hand.

"Been saving these for us to finish. Now who is the best sister?" Barb looked as tired as I felt. I popped the top and took a deep drink. It hit the spot.

"You are the best sis. This had to be the best beer I have ever had." I said as I took a sip.

"The food of the God's. No expense spared for this one of a kind, truly unique beer." I said as I held up the beer and looked at the label.

"Bob's Discount Beer." I said pretending to read the label.

"Smart ass. If you don't want it just say so and I will drink it." Barb stuck her lips out and up as she said this to let me know she didn't think was funny.

"Just raggin on you, sis. You know I want it." But even as I was telling her this she was trying to get it back out of my hand.

"Come on. You know I was kidding." I was laughing and trying to keep her from taking it as she smacked me with a couch pillow

The pillow made contact with my beer and it flew out of my hand. It was like watching a slow motion shot as I watched the beer tip end over end, covering my sister's T-shirt, face, shorts and finally the couch. Since she had the beers on ice, it was cold. As the beer made contact with her shirt, several things seemed to happen all at once. She took a huge gasp from the cold liquid hitting hot skin, her shirt became somewhat transparent and her nipples became so hard that I could see them trying to poke through the bra she was wearing. As the shock of the cold began to wean, I could see she was really getting mad.

"Look what you did to me?" Her hands were held up like I need some prompting to notice she was covered in beer. It was so funny I could not help but laugh.

Just as I was about to remind her that she was the one that hit my beer with the pillow, I looked up and saw her face scrunched up as a drop of beer ran down her forehead, over her nose and just dropped. This made me start laughing again. Finally her frown turned to smile and then a laugh as well. Before long, we were both laughing. She got up to get a towel to wipe off her face and clean up the spilled beer on the couch. I told her I would get the couch so she could go change.

I had the couch all cleaned up when she returned with a new T-shirt. She had a towel over her head, drying her hair. As she ran the towel over her hair, her breasts were bouncing; there was no doubt she wasn't wearing a bra. Her hard nipples were poking through the material. It was so hypnotic I could not keep from watching. What had captured my attention were her pierced nipples. I could see the outline of the rings through her T-shirt. They were not small rings; they were very large and went up and down as she continued to rub her hair dry with the towel. I am not sure if my eyes were bulging out, or if my mouth was open, but there was no doubt she caught me. I felt like a deer caught in headlights, unable to move or say anything. In a flash, my cock was rock hard in my pants, and there was nothing I could do to stop it. She glanced at my growing problem for just a second then at my face, that I am sure was turning red. I guess she understood my reaction or just didn't want to address it, so she just sat on the couch and acted like she didn't notice.

"Next time you do something like that, you can get your own beer," she said with a smile, letting me know she didn't mean it.

We were back to kidding each other. The tension left the room big time. Even though the stress left, my hard on would not. As hard as I tried, I could not stop glancing at her hard nipples. I left a little while later, going back to my apartment. My mind was all over the place. I couldn't think of anything but the way my sister's nipples looked through that T-shirt with the large rings in them. My erection was still going strong, and I couldn't get it to go down. I was so damned turned on I couldn't stand it. Knowing that my sister had me that turned on only bothered me more. I even started talking to myself the whole time I drove.

"This is so wrong. She is your sister. Don't think that way about your sister," I said out loud. Trying to convince myself.

But the more I tried not to think about them, the more the image kept popping back in my head. I almost ran a red light seeing those beautiful rings showing through her shirt. I had always thought nipple rings were sexy. In my mind, studs weren't as sexy as rings. I had watched my share of porn and the women that got me really going were always the same; large-breasted, big nipples with very large nipple rings. I was starting to realize that was my problem. My sister had all of the things that turned me on. In a way it was a relief. I was not a total perv. It just so happens that my sister has all the things that turned me on. Somehow being able to put a label of my reaction made me fill better. It was not my sister after all; it was just her body that had given me such a rush and a raging hard on.

I got home and had to have some relief. I booted up my computer and Googled "women with large nipples and large nipple rings". It took me a couple of tries to find what I was looking for. I started scanning the pictures and found one that looked about the size of my sister's nipple rings. I stared at the picture, pumping my cock. It did not take long before my orgasm over took me, making a mess all over my shirt. I cleaned up and decided to get some sleep, to try to forget the whole thing.

I woke up early and got out of bed. I really did not sleep very well. Images of the night before kept slipping into my mind just as I would drift off to sleep. If I could not sleep then I might as well get up and get to work. I work part time at a computer store fixing and updating people's computers. I had my degree in computer science, but I just didn't want a full time job yet. I still wanted to see if I could make it as a professional magician and escape artist. So I worked just enough to pay the bills and that was about all. I worked my six-hour shift and got back to the apartment just as the phone rang.

"Hey Teddy, you going to bring another load of your stuff over today?" Barb's voice was just as normal as ever.

"Yeah. As soon as I change, I will be over with the last load. Say about an hour," I told her slightly out of breath.

"You been jogging or something." Barb needled me.

"Nah, just walked home from work." I really was a little out of breath; I walked at a near jog.

I changed into my everyday clothes then headed to my sisters. When she opened the door she gave me a hug and peck on the cheek. I couldn't help but notice she had a loose T-shirt and shorts again. But this time, she was not wearing a bra. I could feel the tightness growing in my pants. I had mixed emotions as we walked downstairs to her basement. Her braless shirt was very distracting and I shook my head to clear it.

"Well time to get everything out." I said almost to myself.

I saw the large plastic box next to the door. I had worked on the inversion escape for a long time and I knew it would be a hit. I thought why not start out with one of my best.

"Sis, come help me move this over to the stage area. I want to try this escape first," I told her.

"This is a wonderful escape that I have worked on. It is based on the Houdini water escape," I told her with just a little bit of pride. "Help get me tied and strapped and I will let you hook me up to lower me upside down in the box." I was really excited to show her how cool the illusion looked.

I got out all the chains, straps and ropes and laid them on the ground at my feet, getting ready to show her how to attach them to me. I could see Barb just standing there, almost in a trance, looking at the box and the chains around me. She almost shook herself back to reality.

"You know, Teddy, why not let me do it first? I know I don't know how to escape, but that is not the point. The point is for you to see how it looks to the audience. You hook me up first and get an idea how it will look from a different perspective. Then you can make changes if you need to." Barb made the statement with such animation that she seemed to be getting as excited as me. I rolled the idea over in my mind and had to admit it was a good idea. I had never been able to see how the audience would see my escape.

"Great idea, sis. But you will have to get into something more comfortable and flexible," I told her, realizing the tight jeans she had on would in no way work.

She ran upstairs in a flash. I could hear her pulling open drawers. I started really looking at the best way to draw out the illusion of how well I was tied up in the box. I had just started laying out the rope, chains and straps when Barb came running back down to the basement. Now it was my turn to stare. She had on what looked like a leotard that was so tight; it almost looked painted on. My eyes drifted to her chest, and I could really see the outline of those big rings around her nipples. Her nipples looked even bigger than before if that was possible. I guess she did not have a sports bra because there was no way she was wearing anything under that tight leotard. I could feel my appreciation start to rise in my pants. It took all my will power to look up at her face and think about what to say next.

"Umm, yeah. That will work, I guess," I somehow stammered out.

"I guess I have grown a little since the last time I wore this thing, but it is very flexible," she said with that little squeak when she is excited.

"Ok, stand over in front of the box and face the audience. They will be looking from that direction." I pointed to a lone chair I had put in front of us.

"First, I want you to smile and try not to look nervous." Her beautiful face erupted in a smile. Even a little blush seemed to blossom on her face.

"Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to draw your attention to one of the most difficult escapes you will ever witness. The inversion box mystery is very difficult to accomplish, and you will witness that all the chains and ropes that I use are real and not fakes." I was playing to an audience that was not there but I like the practice.

I reached down and picked up a leather belt. I put the belt on Barb and pulled it tight, letting the steel rings on each side of the belt align with her sides. Barb seemed to let out a small gasp as I tightened up the belt.

"You ok, did I get it too tight?" I asked her worriedly.

"No, I'm fine, just caught me by surprise that all," she said, but I could tell her breathing was getting faster.

I tied a leather strap around each of her wrists and her ankles. Again I pulled them tight as I strapped them down. Each time she gave a little shutter. I was a little confused with her reaction, but I just thought that maybe she was nervous. I kept getting distracted as her nipples rose and fell with her rapid breathing. It was keeping me from focusing on the illusion. I got two locks and locked her left wrist to the belt at her side. Then I did the same for the right side. She now had her arms pinned and could not lift them. Next I took a wooden board that was about 3 feet long and locked each of her ankles to each side of the board. I pushed her legs apart and connected each of her ankles. I looked up at her to make sure she was ok when I noticed that her leotard had slipped up tight between her legs. Every detail of her pussy was pressing against the thin material. I was close enough I could almost feel the heat coming of her, and it caused me to take a little longer than I should. To my total amazement, I could see that my sister had more than just her nipples pierced. I stared for what seemed like forever, looking at her almost visible pussy. It looked like she had maybe 3 or 4 rings in her pussy. My cock was already hard when she came down in that damn leotard; now it was like a rock. There was no way I could hide it now, so I just stood up and tried not to let her see. But to my amazement, my sister had her eyes closed and seemed to be in a different world.

"Barb, listen up. The next part is very important. I am going to wrap you with this rope. The rope appears to only make it harder to escape, but the real reason for using it on this illusion is it gives support when being hung upside down. Watch very carefully how I tie the rope around you." I somehow managed to get it out without my voice giving away my excitement.

There was a ring in the back of the belt I had placed around her waist and I tied it there to start. I went over her left shoulder and between her legs. I tried to let the rope rest to the side of her pussy, but as I pulled it tight, it slipped between her pussy lips. She let out air quickly between her clinched teeth. There was even a very slight shutter. I looked up at her face. What I saw was sheer ecstasy. I may be slow, but I know when a woman is turned on. I forgot all about being gentle and roughly started running the rope over her other shoulder and between her legs. The rope slipped between her ass cheeks and disappeared in the depths of her sexy ass. This had the effect of pulling the leotard material up between her legs until I could see it start to slip into her smooth pussy. As the material slipped into her pussy, I could see the rings in her pussy lips starts to show. On both sides of the material, I could see part of the golden rings start to slip out of the thin material that kept them trapped. I was in a trance as the rings were slowly revealed until over half the rings exposed. They must have been close to 1 inch in diameter and seemed to glisten with wetness. I kept tension on the rope, pulling it tight in the cleft of her lips and made another pass across the right shoulder.

My hands were shaking, and I could feel the heat from my own face as blood rushed to my head with excitement. My heartbeat was so fast that my ears were throbbing with each beat. I passed the rope again between her legs and let my hand brush across the exposed rings on the right side of her leotard. I pulled the rope up at the same time, causing more of her leotard to disappear into her wet pussy and was rewarded with the front ring almost completely being exposed. I could now see that the rings were attached to her labia and the brushing of my hand across the rings caused a slight tug that pulled on her labia and her wetness to transfer to back of my hand. Her wetness was like a drug that was sweeter than any perfume or flower. The slight tug on her labia caused her to body to give a quiver, and a slight gasp came from her mouth. The blood in my cock was pulsing to beat of my heart. My cock felt like it was trying to tear my pants to escape. I could see her eyes were almost glazed, and she was not looking at anything at all. Her body was here, but where her mind was I could not say. All I did know is there was ecstasy in that gaze.

I helped her to lie on her back while I attached the winch to the board to hang her upside down. I quickly hooked the winch with shaking hands and started lifting her up. As her legs were lifted, the ropes between her legs started pushing harder against her pussy. Her face was so red now and her breathing was coming out in gasps. I lifted her all the way off the floor, her body hanging upside down. With her hair touching the floor, I could see between her spread legs that her juices were flowing freely, and her exposed labia rings were dripping her wetness. It was the most erotic thing I had ever seen in my life. I was dizzy with lust. I watched in almost slow motion as a bead of her juices flowed down around the golden ring and slowly onto the floor.

I continued to lift her when I stopped to capture the real beauty of the view.

"Sis, you need to let the audience know you can't get loose. Try to lift up your back and rock back and forth." This was not really part of the act but I knew it would cause the ropes to rub across her clit. A thought ran through my mind in a flash. "Let me get my camera so I can see how it this is working out," I managed to get out without messing up the words.

I ran over to the corner of the basement and pulled out my camera. I turned around just in time to see my sister rocking back and forth quickly then start shaking. I have been with enough women to know what going on; she was having an orgasm and trying to hide it. She was so turned that she could not see me watching her. So I quickly took a few pics, without the flash, of her in the spasms of a huge orgasm. I gave her a few seconds to recover and returned with my camera. I acted like I had no idea she had just had a huge orgasm. But a hard cock could not hide my excitement.

"We are going to have to make this quick. You are starting to get red in the face, sis," I told her in a voice that I hoped convince her I wasn't lusting after her.

She seemed to recover and agreed with me that she was getting light-headed. Just a few more minutes, I told her as I took a few more pictures, making sure to zoom in on her almost completely exposed pussy lips and rings. I lifted her up higher and placed the box under her. I don't think she realized that from all the shaking she had done that her large breasts were almost out of the leotard. There was even a hint of her areola peeking above the material. I lowered her into the box and placed the top on with only her feet exposed. As I locked the top on, I could see that more of her nipple was working its way out of the top. I quickly took a few more pictures. I took the last one just as her nipple let go of the material and popped out, in all its glory, with that huge nipple ring following.

I quickly put the camera down and unlocked the box and got her back on the ground. She was in such a state I don't think she even realized that both her nipples were over her leotard top. I began to untie her once she was on the ground. I was facing her back and took the locks on her wrists and untied the rope. When I went back to the front, she had her top pulled back up as if it never fell down. I couldn't help but glance down and see that she had pulled her leotard bottoms out some, but not all the way, and a golden wet metal ring peeked out.

"That was harder than I thought it would be, Teddy. I need to rest. I am a little light-headed." she told me, standing up and heading upstairs.

I have to admit I was light-headed as well, but mostly because all the blood had gone to my cock. I don't think there was anything left for my brain. I grabbed the camera and went to the bathroom. I looked over the pictures of my sister hanging upside down and zoomed in on her labia rings hanging out and covered with her pussy juice. I dropped my pants in a flash and started pumping my cock. It seemed to take only seconds until I shot my load all over the bathroom floor. I was still pumping and shaking when I heard a moan coming from my sister's bedroom. There was a small buzzing noise and I knew she was at it again. I never even had the chance to get soft as the blood rushed back into my cock. In my mind, I could see her running the vibrator over her clit. Her legs spread wide and her labia rings bouncing off the warm plastic transferring the vibration to her pussy.

I opened the door to the bathroom and walked to her bedroom door. The sound was louder and I could hear her moans more clearly. I wanted to open the door so bad. It was more than a desire is was like a primal impulse that I just had to obey. As I looked at the doorknob, I found my hand was already on it, ready to turn. It was at that second that I heard her orgasm. The sound was so strong and intense, it was like a force of nature. Unable to be contained and had to be released. I was so hard I only touched myself for two strokes and shot off again all over her door and floor. As my body stopped shaking, I came to my senses and went back to the bathroom, closed the door and got dressed. I got my pants back on just as I heard her bedroom door open. I waited a minute longer before leaving the bathroom to make sure she was gone.

I was worried about the mess I left. Quickly, but quietly, I went back to her bedroom door. I was surprised to see that there was no sign of my creamy release. I was totally confused. I am sure I shot off a load standing right here, I thought to myself. But I didn't need to hang around looking suspicious. I tried to compose myself to act normal and headed downstairs.

"You feeling better, sis?" I asked her with a concerned tone.

"So much better, Teddy. You are so sweet for worrying." Her tone was as sweet as honey.

I noticed she had changed to loose T-shirt and jeans. She looked as if everything was just as normal as ever. I felt like I was in a minefield, not sure if my next step would blow up in my face. So I decided to probe very carefully with my every word.

"I think I can improve on the looks of the escape. From the audience point of view, it looked too easy to get out of the ropes. I am going to have to work a way to tie the ropes to look stronger and more convincing," I tried to say very casually.

I knew the next thing out of her mouth could be the explosion I was dreading. I was preparing for her to yell at me for letting her become so exposed. She had to know I had seen her tits and her pussy lips. My heart was beating faster as I waited for her response. But to my surprise, it was sweet as normal.

"Ok, well just let me know if you need me to help you once you get it all worked out." She smiled. "I'm going to go to the store and pick up a few things then I will fix us some dinner," Barb said as she turned to get her coat and keys to her car.

I stood there in complete shock. How is everything back to normal? I just saw my sister have an orgasm hanging upside down and she acted like nothing at all happened. It was like the last hour and a half never happened at all. I didn't know what to think. My mind was racing all over the place and seemed to find no way to make sense of what was going on. I stood there for at least 2 minutes without moving. I could not make it clear in my head. I began to go back to the basement to work on the changes to the escape when the vision of my sister in the bed with her vibrator came to my mind with an almost audible pop.

I went back to her bedroom door and slowly turned the knob. I was so scared. The fear of being caught, or even more, the fear of what I would find caused me to shake a little. I opened the door slowly and turned the light on. Her room looked just like any bedroom that a woman would have. Posters, makeup, clothes on the floor was the first thing I saw as I entered. I saw her leotard lying on the bed and could not help but pick it up and smell her sex. The crotch of her leotard was soaked. I was hard in a second and was about to jerk off in her leotard when I realized I didn't have very much time. I looked under her bed and between her mattresses, but nothing really stood out. I continued my search when a thought hit me. I looked under the pillow and there was her vibrator. It was still warm from her juices and I put it to my nose. It was the most erotic smell in the world.

My cock was as hard as ever. I had to have some release soon. I knew she could be back anytime now and wanted to finish my exploration of her room. I was just about to pick up her leotard back up and get some relief when I noticed her laptop computer on her desk. I know it's wrong to snoop into someone's computer. It's a huge invasion of privacy, but in for a penny and all that.

I was in luck. She had not turned it off so it was just in screensaver mode. I swiped across the mouse pad and the screen came to life. I first checked her history in her browser windows and surprised to see she had it set to erase all history with each exit.

"Smart, sis," I said out loud.

I searched all her picture albums. There was nothing really there. I was just about to give up when I noticed a lock in the left-hand corner of the screen.

"Very interesting, now what do we have here?" I said in a mumble.

It only took me a few seconds to realize my sister had an encrypted folder on her drive. A few keystrokes later and I saw it was a huge file over 50 gigs. I knew I could break into her files. But there was no way I could do it quickly. I ran to my car and pulled out a 64-gig USB drive and copied the whole folder onto the drive. The next part was just pure luck. Working for a company that fixes computers and computer systems, I had many very great tools. One was a RAM dump utility. Chances are, if she had not turned off her computer since the last time she used the encrypted file, the key will still be in memory. I ran the utility and waited for it complete as I watched the copy slowly complete. It was showing about 4 minutes to finish. An impulse hit me. I reached on the bed and picked up Barb's wet leotard. I unzipped my pants and wrapped it around my cock. I could feel her wetness and the slickness of the material as I pulled it up and down my cock. I pumped my cock thinking about my sister's wet pussy. I was so hard and it felt so good. I was not even paying attention to the time. I could feel my balls tighten and I knew I was about to explode when I heard the door open in the kitchen.

"Teddy can you help me with the groceries?" Barb yelled from the kitchen

I could not stop now. I could feel the explosion approach. One more stroke and my exploded in my sister's leotard. I threw it on her bed. Quickly I put my cock back in my pants. I glanced over to her computer and noticed I still had ten more seconds to go. I was caught between making a run for it and waiting the last ten seconds. I had to have that key so I held my breath and waited. I heard the beep and pulled out the USB drive and just managed to get the lights off and door closed to her bedroom. I walked to the center of the hall when my sister turned the corner and looked up. I jumped a little as I saw her.

"Sorry, sis. I was in the bathroom and didn't hear you get back." I lied.

"Dinner will be in about 20 minutes, Teddy" She smiled and went back to the kitchen.

We ate dinner just like it was old times. Talking about stuff we did growing up and boyfriends and girlfriends. All and all, it was a very nice dinner. After I ate, I told her I had to get some sleep since it was about a 30-minute drive back to my apartment. She offered to let me say the night, but I refused. I told her I appreciated the offer, but I had other stuff I had to get done at home. I gave her a hug and peck on the cheek and almost ran to my car. I was totally obsessed with my sister's secrets. What did she have to hide? I know this was the terrible breach of trust, but I had to know. It was near 11:00 PM when I got back home. I was not even a little bit tired. I booted up my computer and loaded up the encrypted folder.

"Now let's just see if the key is still in the memory dump." I was almost shaking with excitement.

I worked for hours running several different edit tools and programs to look for a match of the key with the folder. The process is slow and has to check millions of possibilities. But with luck, it will be there. If I have to do it with brute force, it will take weeks not hours. I went and got some coffee, letting the computer work on doing what it does best - crunching numbers.

At 2:00 AM, I heard a ding. It was finished. I went to the screen and found the words I have wanted to see. "KEY FOUND".

I loaded the key into a file and placed it in the program to start to decrypt the folder. In 4 minutes, it was done. I had over 50 gigs of private files from my sister's computer. It was at that very moment a voice of guilt entered my mind. I hesitated before clicking on the folder I had labeled Barb. My finger hovering over the button to open up the folder. If I do this, there is no going back. These were private things that she never wanted anyone to know about. The guilt was growing, but the vision of her pussy rings overpowered any moral outrage my mind tried to place in my way.

I hit the enter key.

The folder erupted on my screen with tens of thousands of files. There was everything in this folder; word documents, picture files, video files, even passwords. There were thousands of word and text documents that would take years to read everything. I sorted the folder by date and went from the latest to the oldest. The entry was only two days ago and it was a picture file. I opened it up and there was my sister totally naked on her bed with her legs spread wide. She had what looked like weights on her nipple rings that were pulling hard down on her nipples as she spread her pussy with her one hand by pulling on her labia ring and with her other hand pressing the vibrator on her clit. This was more than I could take. I started jerking off while looking at the picture. I had the picture viewer set up to advance after 10 seconds so the next picture came into view. It was even hotter as the picture caught her in the middle of an orgasm as she pushed 4 fingers deep in her pussy. I could see her hands covered with her wetness. I didn't make it to another picture advanced when I shot off my third load of the night. I paused the viewer to clean myself up and had to catch my breath.

I was becoming completely obsessed with my sister. This was so wrong. I should stop now and sleep on this before I look at more. I closed the folder and collapsed in the bed at almost 4:00 AM. I slept for about two hours when the alarm on the clock woke me.

"Time to go to work," I thought as I dragged myself out of the bed.

I got in the shower and was starting to wake up when the magnitude of the folder I had decrypted hit me. There must be 5 or 6 years of stuff in that folder. Every secret and detail of her life was in that one folder and I had only got a glimpse of it. Just thinking about what I had seen had me hard again. There was no way I could go to work today. I got out and called work to tell them I didn't feel very well and needed to take the day off. As soon as that was taken care of, I slipped on a pair of running shorts and a T-shirt before booting up my computer. That little voice of guilt was still there, but now it was more of a whisper and had no sway. I decided to skip around a little and just see a little of everything. I saw a video file from about 2 years ago and opened it up.

It was a video of my sister and her ex-boyfriend David, I think was his name. They both had their clothes on. The camera seemed to be on a tripod; no one seemed to be moving it. The video was pretty good, but the audio was awful; I could just barely hear what was being said. I saw my sister reach in a drawer and pull out a leather collar and place it around her neck.

After she had the leather collar on, he ordered her to strip. She kept her head down and slowly started removing her clothes. I was surprised to see she did not have her nipples pierced but there was 5 piercings in her pussy. There were 2 on each side of her labia and one in her clit hood. The rings were smaller than the ones I had seen, but just as sexy.

"On your knees, slave, and show me how you appreciate my cock," I heard him say through the bad recording.

I watched as she used her teeth to unzip his fly and her mouth to unhook his belt. The wait was killing me. I could tell from her face that it was driving her crazy with lust as well. I was in a trance watching my sister use only her mouth to remove his cock, and it slipped into her waiting mouth. I could not hear what he was saying, but it was obvious that she was not allowed to use her hands. As his cock grew in her mouth, I was surprised to see just how big he really was. My sister was only taking about half his cock in her mouth when he grabbed her hair in his hands and pushed his cock all the way to his balls.

"All the way, bitch. Stick that tongue out like I taught you," he growled.

I watched as her tongue extended out under his cock. I could tell she could not breathe, but he still would not let her off his cock. Her face was red, and there was a bulge in her throat. She had swallowed his whole cock. After about 30 seconds of making her choke on his cock, he let her up to breathe. She gasped in air with tears in her eyes, but there was no hiding the wetness dripping down her leg. She loved every second of it. Just as she was able to breathe again, he started face-fucking her hard. Each time she didn't take him all the way down, he would grab her hair and force it down. My emotions were totally at odds. I had never been so excited and at the same time wanted to beat the shit of this asshole for doing this to my sister. But even as I thought that, I could see the joy and pure rapture in her face. She was doing everything she wanted and no one was making her do anything. She was his submissive, but that is what she demanded of a boyfriend. I understood now and that only turned me on more.

I fast-forwarded till he looked like he was about to cum and went back to normal speed. She was really into sucking his cock now, and I could see he was close to cumming. I wanted to see how she likes it, on her face, her tits or in her mouth. As he stated to grow and tighten up, I saw her pull her mouth off his cock and open as wide as possible. She was just a few inches from his cock, but she waited for the eruption that was sure to come. The first explosion hit her square in the center of her open mouth. His hand went down to his pulsating cock and started pumping all he had into her open eager mouth. I could see with each pump that he was dumping more and more cum into her open mouth. With his last spasm and pump, he seemed to get it all out. Her mouth was still open, showing her master that she had caught it all. "Now swallow it all and if you let any escape you will be punished."

I watched as she carefully closed her mouth and tried to swallow. There was just too much in her mouth and a little leaked from the corner of her mouth. She almost made it, but almost didn't count. He grabbed her by the hair and pulled her to the bed then flipped her over on her stomach. He quickly tied her wrists to the headboard and spread her legs as wide as possible before tying them to the foot board. She was pleading with him.

"I am so sorry, master. I will do better next time," I heard her whimper through the static.

"I know you will. And this will help you remember." He let out a deep chuckle. He grabbed a butt plug from a nightstand and stuck it in her mouth. "Suck on this for a little while. Do not let it fall out of your mouth unless you really want to have to pay," he growled.

He started smacking her ass with his hands. First the left ass cheek then the right, back and forth in a steady rhythm. With each smack, I could see her still trying to suck on the anal plug in her mouth. I could tell from the redness on her ass, it was starting to really sting. After a little while, I could see she was grinding her hips into the bed trying to get herself off. He gave her one hard slap on her ass. Her ass was so red, it looked as if it had been painted. That last slap almost made her drop the plug in her mouth, but she managed to hold on to it at the last second. He removed the butt plug from her mouth and started slowly inserting it in her ass. He teased her with just the tip. Slipping it in just a little and then stopping. Then he would remove it and do it again. She was bucking her hips, trying to get him to put it in further. He would pull it back, never allowing more than the tip to enter her.

"Beg me. You have to ask. What do you want?" It was an order and she knew it.

"Please. I need my butt plug, sir," she whimpered.

As soon as she asked him, he inserted it all the way in until all that could be seen was the flange at the base. The butt plug had a pretty diamond crystal molted into the base that sparkled in the lights. It only made the viewing more erotic. She let out a groan that was so close to orgasm, but was not yet there. He took his belt off and rested the leather lay across her ass. He didn't even smack her with the belt; he just drug it back and forth across her ass cheeks. With each slow pull of the belt across her ass, she would moan even louder.

"Now, you are not to orgasm until I give you permission. Do you understand?" There was power in his voice now. "I am going to place my cock in your mouth. You are going to worship my cock. Your only desire is to feel my cock in your mouth. If you show me that my cock is your desire then I will not whip you with the belt. If at one time you lose focus, you will feel the belt. If you orgasm before I tell you, you will be punished longer and harder. Do you understand?" His voice was quick and commanding.

She started off good, but then he started playing with her nipples. Pulling on them and rubbing them between his fingers. She started moaning with each tug and I could see she stated rubbing her hips in the bed again trying to get some friction on her clit. He saw it and was even waiting for it. In a flash, the belt came across her ass with a crack. A cry came out of her mouth, but she never let his cock fall out. The red strip on her ass was almost a whelp. She doubled her effort in sucking and licking his cock. Her every action was to please this cock that was in front of her. Her eyes looked almost glazed over as if her she was not even there. I had seen that look myself when she was hanging upside down and tied up. He began to tease her by pulling his cock just out of her mouth's reach. She would stretch as far as the rope would allow, even push her tongue out to get a little more reach. He would allow his cock to always be close enough so there was a way for her to reach it. The very tip of her tongue licked over the tip of his cock. She was and so hungry for it. She was fighting the ropes with all her strength to just get a little more reach. She managed to pull hard enough to get another inch of reach so her tongue could now reach all around the head of his cock.

"That's it. You know you need it. There is nothing you would not do to get my cock just a little closer. Your mouth is thirsting for it. A good slut should be rewarded," he said in a silky voice.

With one quick thrust, he pushed his cock down her throat. She had her tongue extended all the way out. It was amazing to see his cock slide all the way down her waiting throat. She didn't even seem to realize she was tied and had a butt plug in her. All she really wanted was his cock. At that moment, I know she would have done anything to get it. She wasn't just trying to please him. She really wanted it more than anything. I could see it in her eyes. There was a savage desire, almost animalistic aggression to have his cock.

"That it, baby. It's all yours now. Enjoy my cock," he cooed.

She was totally lost on his cock, kissing, sucking and licking every inch of his cock like it was the only thing in the world that mattered. He let her continue for a while then very gently pulled his cock out of her reach. She was still struggling against the ropes, wanting to get it back in her mouth.

"No, No. Please I have to have it." She looked almost insane with desire.

"Shhh. It's ok, baby. It's ok." He was so gentle with his words. His tone was so tender and soft that it didn't register at fist.

He walked behind her slowly. I could see her eyes never left his cock as it swayed back and forth. She was actually drooling and struggling to get that cock back in her mouth. He slowly removed the butt plug and placed the tip of his cock in her ass. Slowly he inched his cock in her ass. He would get a little in then stop. She started pushing her hips back against the pressure of his cock, but he only pulled back. Again he let a little more in her ass as her moans grew louder. He was very slow and even a little gentle as he slowly pumped his cock back and forth. I could see her breathing get faster and faster as he started fucking her ass faster. Before long she was screaming.

"You may have your orgasm now," he said is a very soft and sweet tone.

It was as if she had been waiting on those words. She started shaking all over and exploded in one orgasm that seemed to keep going. I thought it would stop, but she would catch her breath her body would go stiff and begin to shake again. I had only one girlfriend that was multi-orgasmic, but this seemed to go on and on. I could see that he was close to having an orgasm as he arched his back. He came in her ass just as she had the strongest orgasm yet. They were both covered in sweat and breathing hard as he collapsed on top of her and rested with his cock still buried in her ass. I watched as he slowly got flaccid and popped out of her ass. He untied her and she took off the collar. Then the most amazing thing happened. They started talking about stuff they wanted to do that day like nothing they had just done even happened. I saw him go over and turn of the camera. I sat there dumbfounded. I had seen this behavior of my sister as well. After she had her orgasm, it was like nothing ever happened. How long has this been going on? Just how wild is my sister? These questions haunted me and I knew I had to find the answers.

