They hit the bed in a tangle of limbs and half-shed clothing, lips and tongues seeking as they shift, yielding to the impact. With skill acquired during nearly a decade of sleeping with taller men, Billy rolls them both until he's on top, licking his way into the man's mouth as he reaches up to strip shirtsleeves from long brown arms. A chuckle breaks and bursts against his mouth, sweet with cigarettes and alcohol. "I don’t see," he murmurs against Billy's lips, so that he more tastes than hears the faint accent, "what the hurry is."

Without pulling away, Billy runs his hands appreciatively along well-muscled arms, guiding them to cross at the wrists. Swiftly, he pins him to the mattress with one hand, pushing the laughing face to one side and drawing his tongue down his neck. "I've been waiting for this," he growls, "for a long time." Billy's free hand finds warm, smooth skin and small, pebble-like nipples, scrapes rough nails across them and down his ribs. Tensing one thigh, he rolls his hips and then pulls his leg up, earning a startled gasp. "Now,” he smirks, "if you’re got any suggestions ..."

The pulse beneath his teeth jumps. "No, I've no ..." -- Billy shifts his weight again -- "... oh god." He arches beneath Billy, wrenches his wrists free, and reaches up to yank open the buttons of Billy's shirt. The sudden pressure of a hot mouth on his collarbone turns Billy's laugh into a muffled groan; he rocks up onto his knees just long enough to jerk the shirt off and -- more carefully -- unbuckle his gun belt and set it on the bedside table, then he dives back down onto the bed. Their lips come together with bruising force, supple and demanding, hands running feverishly over all available skin. As Billy tangles his fingers in dark curls and breathes their scent in deep, a hand that certainly is not his own snakes between them and down the front of Billy's jeans. A dense wave of pleasure shudders over him. The door slams open.

His revolver's off the bedstand and aimed dead at the doorway before he can get his eyes to reopen. The intruders footsteps come to a sudden stop as he cocks it and waits patiently for the sensation to subside. "Can I help you?" he inquires.

"Um," Lando says, and maybe he should have knocked. Definitely should have knocked, actually, even though they are sharing this room, and one of those beds (the one that Billy isn't currently half naked on with someone else) belongs to Lando, and thus knocking hadn't seemed like a necessary precaution at the time. "Oh. Uh."

Billy carefully releases the hammer on the revolver, raising the muzzle toward the ceiling, and tension Lando hadn't been aware of feeling ebbs out of his spine and shoulders. For a moment, Billy just looks at him, frowning, brow furrowed, then he relaxes visibly, flips the revolver neatly in his palm, and slides it back into the holster draped across the little table beside the bed.

While he is doing this, Lando's eyes are irresistibly drawn to the other person in the bed. The man-type person in Billy's bed.

His mind wants to do some sort of stuttering, stammering (Man, that's a man, as in not a woman, but a person of the male persuasion, a person with male equipment in Billy's bed with Billy who is also a man...) reevaluation of this highly unexpected turn of events, but no matter how many times he looks at Billy and then back at the person in the bed, it's still a bloke. He -- hey, isn't that that actor bloke, the one they'd seen on stage a couple of nights ago, the one Billy had bought a drink for later that night, and Billy had said, "Nice show," to him, and Lando had agreed, and the bloke had thanked them in his slippery-sounding French accent and given Bills a little nod that Lando had noticed but hadn't thought anything of at the time -- sees Lando looking at him, and gives him a brief, sharp smile (his lips are dark, bruised looking, Lando sees, and he has glittery, knowing eyes), and Lando flushes hot and all at once. "Oh!" Lando says, and then has to force his mouth to close afterward, as it seems his jaw has become unhinged and doesn't want to work properly.

Lando sees that the actor's trousers are unbuttoned.

Oh, he thinks again, and now he feels really, really stupid, and he doesn't want to look at Billy (at all), but he feels like he sort of has to, so he does. "Sorry, Bills," he manages a little hoarsely, and puts more effort into keeping his face serene than he ever has at any poker game. He can't hide the flush, it's true, but he intends to keep the actual extent of his surprise to himself, if he can.

Billy accepts and dismisses the apology with a brief shrug, pulled between the distracting warmth of the man below him and a nagging need to assess Lando's reaction. He hasn't much discussed his ... activities; there's little of his life he likes putting up for observation, this no more nor less than anything else. After watching Lando watch the girls in a saloon in New Mexico, Billy'd pulled him aside and explained how to avoid the grimmer cathouses, choose the cleaner whores. It's their sole conversation about sex to date, and if Lando's had occasion to use Billy's advice, he's been unusually secretive about it. Still, if this is something that's going to cause problems later, Billy'd like to know about it now.

But Lando doesn't look upset or repulsed, just astonished. (Embarrassed, too; his poker face may be improving by the day, but he hasn't yet succeeded in getting that flush under control. Billy makes a mental note to work on it with him later.) His eyes are darting back and forth from Billy to his companion, from their faces to their hands to their intertwined legs and back again, almost as if they'd ambushed him and he's still too stunned to contemplate escape.

A sudden, restless movement beneath him knocks Billy out of his thoughts and back into his body, which is demanding rather compellingly that he get on with the show. He cocks his head to the side, one brow quirked in a silent question, and Lando blinks, startled. Their eyes lock for a moment; Lando stammers, "Er. I, um ... that is--uh."

The bloke groans and pulls the sheet over his head. Billy's right eyebrow rises to join the left.

Lando grins sheepishly and jerks his shoulders as though shaking off a chill. "I'll see you tomorrow, Bills," he says, and when Billy smirks at him in response, he ducks out into the hallway and shuts the door behind him.

Well, that was ... odd.

There's a rustle as the man pushes the sheet away. "'Bills,' is it?" he asks, sounding amused.

On his lips, the nickname sounds like "Beelz." Billy twitches and says, "To him." My partner, he almost adds, but represses the urge to explain.

The man smiles wryly at his reply but doesn't comment. "William, then," he accedes. "William, I am Jean."

Billy bows his head, mock courtly, while Jean laughs, then slides his hands appreciatively back down the slim, strong torso. "Now, Jean," he murmurs, shifting his hips, "since I don't expect there'll be more interruptions..."

Jean's response is enthusiastic enough to silence the small, distractible voice in Billy's head that's wondering where Lando will sleep tonight.

Lando begins to doubt the wisdom of leaning against the door to recover his equilibrium right around the time he hears someone inside the room (and he doesn't want to know which of them, really, he doesn't) growl something consonant heavy and visceral followed directly by the emphatic wham of wood on wood. His right hand, slick with sweat and alarmingly unsteady, goes automatically up to shove his hair (longish, now, curling down and over his collar in a way that his mum never would have allowed and his step-father would have sneered at) off his forehead.

He rubs both palms on his trousers to dry them, and then uses both hands to shove himself away from the door. He takes several steps, stopping finally at the top of the stairs, thinking that equilibrium might be a bit easier to come by without the (distracting) sounds coming from inside Billy's (his)(their) room.

Well then, he thinks, and nods, and hooks his thumbs into his belt. Well.

"So, Bills likes blokes," he murmurs, only marginally aware that he is actually saying the words out loud, his voice gone low and thick with the accent that he's been working hard on banishing (it's one of his own tells, that accent, he's fully aware of it, though oddly enough, it's not one of those that Billy has remarked upon -- not yet anyway) from his daily speech. Saying it seems to help.

The chaotic rush of blood heating his face and throbbing in his temples recedes, and his mind slows and begins to work more or less properly again. As it does, several things become clear as things tend to do on occasion, and Lando feels… well, like Billy often makes him feel.

Young and unforgivably stupid.

"You utter git," he accuses in a whisper, annoyed with himself.

He's been with Bills for a while now -- nine months, give or take -- and he can't believe how blind he is.

Nine months of never walking in on Billy with a whore or a saloon girl, of never seeing him do anything except behave with cordial charm -- Billy has a great deal of charm when he wants to, which is a source of amusement, considering his standard total lack of said charm -- toward the women that made advances. And there had been a few. More than a few.

"Idiot," Lando mutters, shaking his head. It isn't as though it's unheard of. There had been men like that on the ranch (although Lando knew this only from talk, overhead bits and pieces of disjointed conversation captured by the curious ears of an overactive boy, none of the hands would have ever actually have spoken of such things to the Rancher's "son"). Nine months, and it simply hadn't ever occurred to him that it was unusual for a bloke like Bills not to be "entertaining" on occasion.

Not that Lando had been "entertaining," either. But he hadn't wanted to fumble through the first time with Billy in the same room, hadn't wanted to look forward to the amusement he'd have seen the next morning, lurking in Billy's normally guarded eyes. He just… he had assumed…

He doesn't even know what he had assumed.

Why…? he thinks, and then loses the rest of the question when he looks up and realizes that he standing in front of Bills' (their) room again. Inside, he hears a muffled thump, and then a fervent string of jumbled profanities -- unmistakably Billy's voice, though it's gone all rough and hoarse -- filthy enough that he feels the flush heating his face again, feels his brows arching upward in surprise (though as far as cussing goes, he's got rather good at it himself, of late) and admiration.

So.

He deliberately moves himself back to the head of the stairs and curls a hand around the banister, as though to anchor himself. He has no business listening to that. Why would he even want to?

He shakes his head. Why…? he thinks again, but whatever the question is, it refuses to solidify in his mind.

So.

He needs a place to sleep tonight, then.

He's not keen on the idea of taking another room, either, not when the one Bills is currently, uh, using, had been so dear to begin with. Lando has the money for it, but since leaving home, the idea of being flat broke makes him uncomfortable. You never know when something is going to happen, and you'll need it for something.

As present circumstances illustrate quite effectively.

So.

One of the saloon girls, petite and pretty, and a gentleman in a suit start up the stairs arm in arm. She is giggling and flushed. His hands are wandering in a decidedly familiar fashion. Lando steps aside when they near the top, nodding politely to the bloke, tipping an imaginary hat to the lady. The man nods back.

The girl smiles and inclines her head briefly.

They pass him, moving further down the hall, and Lando glances over his shoulder at the door to Billy's room. When he looks away, the girl is looking over her shoulder at him, still smiling. She winks, and her pink tongue darts out, moistening red lips.

"So," he says, once the door has closed behind the pair of them, and he's alone in the upstairs hall again, pondering his options. He brushes his hair back from his forehead.

So.

No reason not to take advantage of a night to himself, is there? No reason at all.

He goes downstairs.