Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Thirty-Six: The Treasure Box Orgy
Summary: MFF MF FFF MMF MFH inc oral creampie anal DP monster fantasy magic orgy voy exhib
Keywords: The orgy on the Treasure Box gets wilder!
Copyright: 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Kurtis  The Treasure Box, Shilter Strait

I pulled my cock out of Telesi's pussy. The halfling captain lifted her face out of her daughter's pussy. On your back, cutie, the mother halfling said. I'm going for a ride.

Yes, Mommy, Kelesi cooed. The younger halfling rolled onto her back. Her bronze flesh gleamed in the lantern lights strewn across the deck of the Treasure Box anchoring in the middle of Shilter Strait. Come sit on my face.

Pussy brimming with my cum, Telesi mounted her daughter's head and planted that shaved cunt on Kelesi's mouth. The incestuous licking began at once. I grinned, loving the way that Telesi moaned, her large breasts jiggling. She was short but proportioned to have curves to rival my mother.

I smiled and saw Bethie, the wife of Tarthan, sliding her pussy off my dragon-mother's girl-dick. Mother smiled, her blue hair spread out on the deck, her clit-cock thrusting up and coated in pussy cream. My eyes fell on Bethie as she crawled away. 

I wanted the woman's ass. I loved fucking other men's wives. I had bred Bethie before her husband. I wanted to enjoy her again. I gained my feet and headed after the swarthy woman. She had dark-brown skin, her rump plump.

Bethie, I said. That is a gorgeous ass you have.

Why thank you, Master Kurtis, she purred, wiggling her rump. My mother's girl-jizz leaked out of Bethie's pussy and mattered her black curls. Interested in enjoying my ass. She reached behind her, pulling her butt-cheek to the side and exposing her brown hole. 

Gods, yes, I groaned and fell to my knees behind her.

I slipped my wet cock into her butt-crack. I worked up and down her crack until I found that puckered sphincter. I felt her lust bursting in her. That need to be sodomized by me swelled. She loved my dick like all the women on the ship.

I pressed forward, savoring the feel of her anal ring widening for my cock. I groaned as her tight sphincter spread over my crown. Lubed by Telesi's pussy cream, I had no problem ramming past Bethie's anal ring and plowing into her velvety bowels.

Vedr's queef! she gasped as my dick slid into her bowels. Oh, Master Kurtis, that is a delight. Yes, yes, work that cock into my asshole's depths.

Her moans mixed with the others around us. An orgy raged on the Treasure Box. The slap of flesh, gasps of pleasure, and grunts of delight echoed around us as I sank my cock deeper and deeper into Bethie's bowels.

I shuddered as my cock bottomed out in her anal sheath. She squeezed her asshole around me. She held me tight as I drew back. Her flesh squeezed me. Massaged me. Pleasure shot to my balls. I groaned and slammed back into her. 

Las's big dick, I groaned as I pumped away at her asshole. You got a great ass, Bessie. I hope your husband treasures it.

And my son, she purred, throwing a look over her shoulder. Thanks to you're corrupting influence, Master Kurtis.

I smiled at her as I buried into her again and again. I thrust to the hilt in her, loving the way her cunt squeezed about me. She felt amazing about me. I loved the way she held me as I buried into her asshole again and again.

I savored the pleasure ringing through the air. The gasps of moans and groans from the others. So many delights. I spotted Nephi licking at Pyrriah's pussy. My twin sister shuddered, her red hair dancing. My mother had gotten her cock into Delli, one of the halfling girls. 

Mom's big boobs heaved as she fucked her halfling hard.

I plowed into Bessie just as hard and fast. I loved the way she squeezed about me. I savored the rapture of it. The pleasure of burying into her bowels. It was fantastic to plunge into her. I loved every moment of it. I savored every second of slamming into her hard and fast.

Yes, yes, yes! she gasped. That's incredible. Ooh, ooh, that's just fantastic! Gods, I love it!

I know, I groaned, feeling her lusts. I was able to feel it, even manipulate it, thanks to who my father was. Yes, yes, you are going to cum hard on my dick. And your daughter is going to suck my dick clean.

Make that little hussy suck your cock clean, Master Kurtis! she moaned, squeezing her bowels around my dick. That will be so hot.

I slid my tan hands up her body and grabbed her breasts. I held her tight and dug my fingers into her flesh. I loved the feeling of those boobs in my hand as I sodomized her. I plowed into her hard and fast, burying into her over and over again.

The ache at the tip of my dick rose as she rocked back into me. The married woman slammed her asshole down my cock, her butt-cheeks quivering from the impact. I just let her fuck her asshole up and down my cock, kneeling there and enjoying her anal massage.

It was incredible letting her fuck herself up and down my dick. Her asshole massaged my cock, building the pressure at the tip. I would have a huge orgasm in her while she climbed towards her own. I squeezed her tits, shaking those large, lush mounds.

Master Kurtis! she gasped, her asshole squeezing tight about my dick. Oh, Master Kurtis, that's it. That's incredible. I am going to cum so hard. Yes, yes, just keep fucking me like that!

I loved the feel of her asshole clamping down on around me. The pleasure was incredible. My head tossed back as I loved the way she rammed her asshole down my dick. My balls tightened as I watched her dark-brown butt-cheeks rippled from the impact.

I'm going to cum! she moaned. Gods, yes, yes! Master Kurtis!

She rammed her asshole down my cock, swallowing every inch of my dick. Her flesh convulsed as her orgasm burst through her. Her bowels rippled and writhed around my rid. She suckled at the tip, the pressure in my balls heading to an explosion.

Cum in my bowels, Master Leo! she gasped, her asshole spasming harder.

Las's big dick! I growled and erupted.

My dick spurted cum. I pumped into her twat again and again. I flooded her with everything that I had. My back arched as my cock erupted over and over. The pleasure slammed through my body. Stars exploded across my vision.

I squeezed her tits as her hungry bowels milked my cock. She worked out every drop of jizz that pumped into me. I groaned with each eruption, hurtling towards those heights of rapture. I soared through ecstasy for a moment.

I panted as I came down from cumming in her bowels.

Overia, Bethie called. Cute your cute ass over here and suck Master Kurtis's cock clean!

Yes, Mother! rang out across the deck of the Treasure Box.

She scampered across it, not minding the slight roll to the ship. She had the same dark-brown skin as her mother, her face full of youthful passion. I loved her small breasts. They were little budding mounds that looked adorable on her.

I ripped my cock out of her mother's asshole and rose to my feet. I stood with a wide stance as the ship moved beneath me. My dick bobbed. Overia fell to her knees before me, grabbed my cock with one hand, and licked the tip.

Mmm, my mommy's sour asshole. She winked at me. Thanks for the treat, Master Kurtis. I do love to serve you.

You're more than welcome, I groaned.

She swallowed my cock. Her lips slid over the tip, massaging my crown. She sealed around the base and suckled. I groaned, the pleasure surging through me. My balls tensed as I enjoyed this pure delight. It was wonderful to have her clenching down on me like this.

My heart raced in my chest. I loved every second of her mouth working up and down my dirty dick. It was such a delight to have her buffing her mother's asshole off my cock. She stared up at me with her radiant, brown eyes.

That's it, I groaned, grabbing a fistful of her black hair. You buff your mother's asshole off my dick.

She winked at me. 

Yes, yes, please Kurtis, her mother purred and ducked her head down to lick at her daughter's pussy. 

Overia moaned around my cock as her mother tongued her pussy. My dick throbbed in the girl's mouth. This wave of heat washed through me as this got even hotter. A big smile spread on my lips as that naughty mouth worked on my dick. 

I savored every moment of her mouth sliding up and down my cock. She formed such a powerful seal as she buffed me clean. She suckled on me with passion. I loved what she did to me. How she nursed on me with that hungry mouth. 

Just like that, I groaned. Ooh, you're doing just amazing. Gods, yes.

Mmm, polish his pole, Overia, Bethie moaned, her voice muffled by hot cunt. While your mother does this.

The girl squealed around my dick. She suckled hard. I groaned, my dick throbbing beneath her wicked touch. I loved every moment of it. This heat swelled through me. It was a naughty rush. My heart pounded in my chest as she bobbed her mouth on me.

She suckled with such passion. She nursed with such force on me. Her cheeks hollowed. She suckled with passion on my cock. I loved everything she did to me. My nuts tightened as she buffed her mother's ass off my dick.

Gods, that's good, I growled. You're going to get a big mouthful of cum.

Share with your mother, Bethie moaned and started sucking. Must be on Overia's clit.

The girl moaned, her eyes squeezing shut. She bobbed her head faster, her tongue dancing around my cock. She suckled with such hunger on me. She nursed with suck passion on me. I groaned, my orgasm building and building.

And so was hers, but mine faster. So I gave her a nudge, letting the pleasure that her mother gave her build even faster and faster in her cunt. She suckled with such passion as she hurtled towards her detonation.

She squealed and came.

Overia flooded her mother's mouth with her pussy cream while squealing around my cock. The pressure of her nursing on my dick sent me over the edge. I groaned and erupted. I fired my futa-cum into her mouth. Spurt after spurt of jizz.

Yes! I gasped, my dick throbbing as I erupted. Gods damn, drink it!

Overia did.

That naughty girl gulped down my cum as her mother licked at her pussy. The pleasure slammed through me. I shuddered with each spurt. Every blast of my cum into her mouth sent more rapture shooting through me. 

Las's big dick! I groaned as I emptied my balls into her mouth.

Overia stopped swallowing. Her cheeks bulged as more and more of my cum pumped into her mouth. I shuddered as I hit that peak of bliss. I fired a last spurt into her, panting hard. My balls ached from the pleasure.

She ripped her dick off me, spun on her knees, and grabbed her mother's face. With lips coated in her own pussy cream, Overia kissed her mother and shoved her tongue coated in my jizz into Bethie's mouth.

Gods, yes, I breathed as I watched mother and daughter trading my spunk back and forth. 

I loved being Las's son. There were so many naughty things to witness in the world. It was delightful to witness them passing my spunk back and forth. They traded with such enthusiasm, some of my pearly cum running down their chins.

I smiled, eager for more fun. 

There were so many possibilities, too. That was the best part of having a harem of so many naughty women. So many choices to get my dick wet. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Solja

One of the halflings came up to me. The motherly one. She had that bronze skin they all had, her hair golden. She smiled at me, her large breasts jiggling. She was so short as she stared at my big dick. It was too huge for her.

I would love to ride your cock, she purred. 

You're too small, I grunted, my wooden dick twitching.

I am Malial, she said. The third officer of the ship. You're a passenger, so you have to obey my commands. That's the law of the sea. Now pick me up and fuck me up and down that huge cock. I can take it. I'm a halfling mother!

I stared at her. Obeying commands was something I was good at. I swallowed, my dick witching. If she took every inch of my cock, it would be bursting out her mouth. But maybe she could take some of it. The tip.

Yeah, she could take the tip. My dick ached. I couldn't fight this lust.

Fine, I growled. But I'm not responsible if you get hurt or pregnant.

Already bred by Master Kurtis, she purred. He knocked up every woman on the ship already.

I grabbed her hips and lifted the pregnant halfling. She was so lithe, like a child, but those boobs were so large on her mature frame. There was no mistaking her for a kid. She was all woman, just in miniature.

I lowered her pussy to my cock. She grabbed the thick shaft and made sure it aimed at her pussy. She trembled in delight, this big smile on her lips. The same whorish eagerness that shone in Lasla's eyes when she begged me to fuck her on the railing.

They both wanted me. I wasn't a monster to them. I was a... stud.

Her pussy lips kissed the tip of my dick. I groaned as those juicy labia spread over my crown. The pleasure shot down my shaft. I growled, gripping her hips as her cunt devoured my cock. Her warm, silky sheath massaged me.

I groaned in shock that she had taken any of me. It should be impossible given her small frame, but there she was devouring my dick. I shuddered as more and more of my cock slid into her descending pussy. I growled, my hands tightening on her.

I know, she purred, her face twisting in delight. More! More! I can take more!

I couldn't believe it. Her stomach bulged as she took six inches of my cock. Seven. Then eight. 

She quivered in delight, her legs kicking. Her head tossed as I slid her back up my cock. She squealed in delight, abject rapture crossing her face while her tight, silky cunt massaged my dick. It was amazing in her.

Gewin's mighty cock! I growled and impaled her back down my cock.

Vedr's queefs! she gasped.

I worked her up and down my cock like she were a toy. My dick throbbed as her hot cunt slid up and down me. I groaned, the pleasure shooting down my shaft to my balls as her stomach bulged with the girth of my cunt.

She was taking so much of my cock in her tiny pussy. The halfling mother squealed, her big boobs bouncing as I fucked her up and down my cock. I worked her with such passion. She tossed her head, her face contorting with the delight of this moment.

So Gods damn good, Solja! she squealed.

Yes, I growled, pumping her up and down my cock.

I reveled in her pussy squeezing about me. She held me in her tight pussy. She squeezed about me. I groaned, loving the feel of her cunt massaging me. I loved the way I worked her up and down my dick. The pleasure was outstanding. 

She gasped, her big boobs bouncing before me. Her face clenched in passion as her golden hair danced around her. Her pussy squeezed about me in such an exciting way. My dick throbbed in her delicious cunt. 

Gods damn, that's it, I growled. You're going to get it. You're going to get all my cum!

Good, she moaned. Oh, this dick is magnificent, Solja. Yes, yes, troll-dick is amazing!

A smile spread on my lips as my balls tightened. Her pussy felt incredible. I just wanted to keep enjoying that wonderful cunt. I growled as I came closer and closer to cumming. I would have a huge burst of cum. 

I slammed her cunt down my dick. She took so much of my dick. She swallowed my cock with her hungry pussy. I growled as the rapture surged through me. I would have such a huge burst of pleasure. I growled, the pressure building and building.

Gods damn, yes! I growled. Let me feel that pussy going wild on my dick.

Yes, yes, yes, the halfling moaned, her head tossing from side to side. Her golden hair danced. Vedr's queefs, I'm almost there. Just... just... Yes!

Her pussy went wild around my cock.

I gripped her hips tight as I slammed her cunt back down my dick. She took every inch she could, her stomach bulging from the girth of my cock. I growled as the pressure swelled in my nuts. I snarled and erupted.

My cum jetted into her pussy.

Oh, Solja, yes! she squealed. I can feel it squirting against my cervix. Just splashing on me. That's so hot. That's so incredible!

Her cunt suckled at my dick. She nursed on my cock with that hot cunt. I growled, my cum firing into her pussy over and over again. I slammed my head back into the railing, snarling as I pumped more and more of my cum into her snatch.

She milked me dry with that hot twat. She worked out all the cum. I groaned, savoring every moment of it. This heat swept through me. I panted as she wrung out every bit of that cum that was in me. My chest rose and fell, my heart racing.

Gods damn, I groaned as she wrung me dry.

That was incredible, Solja, Malial cooed. Ooh, you're going to be popular on this voyage. 

I smiled at that. Popular. Me? This was a strange place. Lasla... she was right. I felt amazing as I lifted Malial off my dick.

A torrent of cum poured out of her. 

Shalial, come and lick your mother clean! Malial called.

Well, well, brother, I see you're having fun, my sister said, striding naked to me, her swarthy breasts bouncing and jiggling. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

I wanted some dick. Malial was going for Solja, so I had to find some other. My brother was having fun with the women of the crew, but there were still three other cocks for me. I smiled as I saw Tormin looking at me. The only halfling male on the ship.

He stood up to my bellybutton, but he had a cock nearly as big as my brother's. I smiled at him and pointed my fingers at the deck. He understood and sat down, his cock thrusting up hard from his crotch. He stretched out on his back, resting his head on his hands, a cocky smile on his lips.

Foran, I purred, calling to Overia's brother. He had a dick wet with pussy juices. Get over here and fuck my asshole.

Oh, sure, he said, blinking in surprise. The last time I was on the ship, I was off-limits to the men. But now things had changed, and I wanted to try to cocks at once. Well, I had, but ones that weren't my step-mother's and brother's. 

I straddled Tormin's waist and lowered myself to his dick. I grabbed his cock, loving how huge he was for being short. He had a bigger dick than Tormin, who was a tall, young man with deep-brown skin like the Naithans.

I pressed the tip of Tormin's cock into my bush. He nuzzled into my pussy lips a moment later. I smiled, sliding him up and down my slit. He shuddered, a big grin on his face as he felt the delight of my cunt. 

Mmm, you're going to get the best pussy on this ship, I purred. Best pussy you're allowed to get.

Thanks, Madam Lasla, Tormin said. I'm so eager for that delight.

I know, I purred. Then I threw a look over my shoulder to handsome Foran. His dark-brown eyes fixed on my ass. You are going to love my ass, Foran. Just ram that cock into it and make me squeal in delight.

Sure thing, Madam Lasla, he groaned.

I smiled at him and impaled my cunt down the halfling's dick.

I gasped as I swallowed that cock. My pussy devoured every inch of that cock in moments. He sank to the hilt in me. I groaned, loving the feel of him in me. I arched my back, my cunt clenching on his dick. I was so ready to be fucked hard.

I wiggled my hips, stirring my cock around that wonderful dick. A big smile spread on my lips. That big dick throbbed in my cunt. I glanced at Foran moving into place. I was so eager for him to fuck my ass hard. To pound me with that lovely cock and make me squeal as I came on both their shafts.

Foran fell to his knees and placed his pussy-lubed dick into my butt-crack. He slid it down and found my asshole. I shuddered in delight as he nuzzled it into my backdoor. A wave of heat swept through me as he nuzzled it in. This felt incredible. 

Fuck my ass! I moaned, squeezing my cunt down on Tormin's cock. Ram that dick into me, Foran! Fuck me!

Yes, Madam Lasla! he groaned and thrust.

His cock was no match for my hungry anal ring. My asshole devoured his cock with ease. He gasped in shock as he slipped into my bowels. He groaned as he descended deeper and deeper into the velvety heaven of my flesh.

I flared his pleasure and Tormin's. They both groaned as they savored the joy of my holes. They would remember this treat for the rest of their lives. I would be the pussy and asshole that they would compare every other woman to.

Smiling at how wicked I felt, I slid my cunt up Tormin's cock. My pussy clenched around him. I held him tight, loving the feel of his dick stretching me out. It was amazing. This wondrous heat swelled in me. 

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned, savoring the delight. Ooh, that's so good. That's just amazing. Yes, yes, I'm going to cum so hard on your dicks.

Madam Lasla! they moaned together. I could feel their quivering lust for me. How much they wanted me to just make them cum with my naughty holes.

And I wanted to make them cum. I wanted to be flooded with their seed.

As I rode Tormin, Foran fucked my asshole. He drove his cock hard into my bowels. His busy rubbed into my ass every time he thrust into me. My boobs bounced and heaved as I worked my cock up and down Tormin's dick.

The dual delights rushed through me. It was so amazing to ride both their cocks. To have that delight sweeping through me. I groaned, wiggling my hips from side to side. The pleasure swept through my body as my holes pleasured their cocks.

Madam Lasla! Foran groaned as he pumped away at my asshole. Madam Lasla!

Mmm, just enjoy that tight ass! I groaned, squeezing my bowels around him. Just fuck my ass with that lovely cock.

Yes, Madam Lasla! he groaned.

Oh, Madam Lasla, groaned Tormin. The halfling stared up at me with his big eyes. He watched my tits bouncing. That's such a beautiful sight to witness.

Mmm, and how is my pussy sliding up and down your cock? I cooed.

The best! he gasped. Better than my sister's and mother's.

I winked at him and worked my cunt up and down his cock faster, my pussy squeezing about him. I gripped him as Foran sodomized me. He buried his big dick into my bowels again and again. He reamed me out. He sent such delight surging through me.

I loved every moment of it. I gasped and moaned as I worked my asshole up and down his cock. My boobs bounced and heaved. The pleasure was such a delight. I groaned, my head tossing with the bliss of this moment.

Oh, yes, yes, that's it, I purred. Just enjoy my pussy and asshole, boys. Mmm, worship me with your cocks!

Vedr's queef, you have such an amazing asshole! moaned Foran, his balls smacking into my taint as he fucked me. His orgasm built and built.

Yes, yes, gasped Tormin. Lasla's amazing cunt, I love your pussy!

I winked at him as I slammed my cunt down his dick. I squeezed about his rod as I slid back up him, my asshole melting around Foran's thrusting shaft. They were both driving me to my orgasm. I would cum on their dicks.

I rose towards that moment, my body drinking in the dual pleasure. My tits bounced and heaved as I rode Tormin. Foran hammered my asshole. My bowels squeezed about him, the heat melting to my cunt as worked that juicy sheath up and down Tormin's cock.

I was almost there. I slammed my pussy down Tormin's shaft and ground my clit into his pubic bone.

Las's big dick! I cried to my father and came.

My pussy and asshole writhed around their dicks. I shuddered, savoring the way my asshole and pussy convulsed around their cocks. I suckled at them as the waves of delight surged through me and crashed over my mind. 

I bucked and quivered through my pleasure. My thoughts melted from the rapture that rippled through me. My cunt and asshole suckled at their dicks. I loved that delight. My head tossed from side to side, black hair dancing as the pleasure drowned me.

Cum in me! I howled, my holes convulsing around both their cocks.

Madam Lasla! they both groaned together. Their dicks erupted.

Twin jets of jizz flooded my asshole and pussy. Halfling cum basted my twat while human jizz pumped into my bowels. I shuddered, both my holes writhing around their cocks, milking them as they spurted more and more of their cum into my body. It was incredible.

My head tossed from side to side, my black hair whipping across my shoulders. My orgasm surged me higher and higher. I rode the waves of ecstasy as they both groaned, flooding my holes with all their spunk.

Madam Lasla! groaned Tormin as my cunt wrung his dick dry.

Yes, yes, Madam Lasla! gasped Foran as he dumped all of his jizz into my bowels.

Oh, that's incredible! I moaned as they fired the last of their spunk into my holes. Gods damn, that's amazing!

My orgasm crashed into bliss. My entire body trembled with the rapture surging through me. It was incredible. I floated on it. A big smile spread on my lips as I enjoyed all this bliss that they gave me. I trembled, my breasts rising and falling.

Oh, you boys are incredible, I purred. Ooh, you're just wonderful, boys, but... I need your mothers to lick me clean. Go, fetch them.

Foran ripped his cock out of my asshole, gasping, Yes, Madam Lasla.

I slid off Tormin's cock, my pussy clenching to hold in his cum. The halfling gained his feet and darted off to find his mother. I smiled as I noticed that Kurtis had just finished up with Bessie and Overia and was off to have more fun.

Perfect.

Tormin dragged his mother over to me, her face smeared in her daughter's pussy cream. My son says you have a cunt full of his jizz you need me to lick out? Telesi asked. Well, I am at your service, Madam Lasla.

She stretched out on her back, smacking her lips. Her large breasts jiggled, her metallic-red hair spreading across the deck.

How wonderful, I purred and crawled over her head. I planted my cunt right on her mouth.

She licked her son's cum out of my pussy. I shuddered as the halfling woman had such a dainty tongue. She fluttered it against my folds. I shuddered, my back arching. My boobs jiggled as I enjoyed this amazing delight.

I'm here! I'm here! Bethie gasped as she fell to her knees behind me. The motherly human woman grabbed my butt-cheeks. Oh, Madam Lasla, I'll get every drop of my son's cum out of your asshole. I'll clean you up!

Thank you, I purred as she parted my butt-cheeks.

I shuddered as her face pressed into my crack. She licked at my asshole, gathering up her son's jizz leaking out my sphincter. I trembled, Telesi's lapping up her son's cum pouring out of my cunt. It was so hot that the two mothers were cleaning up their boys' leavings.

A shiver ran through me as they feasted on me with such hunger. They devoured me with such passion. I shuddered, the waves of heat rushing through me. It felt incredible to have this delight. I whimpered, my heart pounding.

Bethie danced her tongue around my asshole before she drilled against my sphincter. She was eager to get her son's cum out of me. I smiled as she popped into my sour bowels. Her tongue swirled around in me before she scooped out the incestuous jizz.

I groaned, my cunt clenching, forcing out more of Tormin's cum into his mother's mouth. The halfling captain moaned her delight as she feasted on the taboo delight. I smiled, my boob jiggling as the pleasure built in me.

That's so good, groaned Telesi. Ooh, my son's cum is delicious from your pussy, Madam Lasla.

And from your asshole, groaned Bethie. Her tongue plunged back into me. She scooped out more of the jizz.

A smile spread on my lips as I enjoyed their ministrations. My hands kneaded my breasts as this wonderful delight shuddered through me. It was so amazing having them licking and lapping at me as the ship rocked at sea.

I ground my vulva into Telesi's mouth, her tongue sliding into my cunt to find more of her son's jizz. A hot shiver ran through me. I groaned as Bethie swirled her tongue around in my asshole, the heat melting to my pussy, the pleasure building and building in me.

That's it, I moaned as the mothers cleaned out their sons' spunk. Mmm, just like that. Yes, yes, feast on my holes. Get all that incestuous spunk out of me. You're doing so good. 

My son's cum is so delicious, Bethie moaned into my asshole. Her tongue thrust in deep to scoop out more. She wiggled it around in me. I shuddered at the delight. This heat swept through me. A big smile spread on my lips. I just loved what she did to me. Ooh, I need it all.

She sealed her lips around my asshole and suckled.

I gasped, my butt-cheeks squeezing about her face. I held her tight as she suckled the cum out of my asshole. A naughty thrill shot through me. A big smile spread on my lips. I loved every moment of her nursing on me. 

Telesi swirled her tongue around in my cunt. She churned me up as she quested for more of her son's jizz. I quivered, loving what she did to me. It was incredible having her tease me like that. She made me feel so good. I groaned, my orgasm building and building.

Ooh, you two are going to make me explode! I groaned, Bethie sucking all her son's cum out of my asshole. 

Good, Telesi purred. All clean down here, Madam Lasla.

Her lips latched onto my clit. She suckled hard. I groaned, my butt-cheeks clenching about Bethie's face. I held her as she suckled one last time. I shuddered at how great that felt. Then her tongue jammed back into me.

She swirled around in my asshole while Telesi suckled on my clit with such intensity. I quivered, rising towards my orgasm faster and faster. My pussy clenched. My bowels drank in Bethie's naughty licking. I quivered then...

Gods, yes! I howled as I came. 

The pleasure rushed through me. That wonderful delight surged through my body. It was incredible to have the bliss shooting through me. I bucked and shuddered through the rapture, my face contorting with the delight of this moment.

Yes, yes, yes! I howled, my body trembling. That's so good.

My pussy cream gushed into Telesi's mouth. The halfling drank my juices while my asshole writhed around Bethie's tongue. She kept massaging me with her naughty appendage. She kept the pleasure rushing through me. It was so wonderful to enjoy.

I hit the peak of my pleasure. I groaned in delight, stars bursting across my vision. I quivered on top of the halfling, letting her drink all my cream. I quivered and looked around the ship for more fun to be had. Tharaka was mounting her brother's cock.

I smiled as the orc enjoyed that huge dick. 

Then I noticed what my sister was getting up to with my brother and step-mother. How naughty.

Tarthan, I called to Bethie's husband. Is your dick dripping in your daughter's pussy cream? Because if it is, I need to suck it all off you. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

Mmm, I need to be taken hard by my mother and my brother, I moaned as I knelt on the ship, wiggling my hips back and forth. Lasla was moaning through her orgasm on Telesi's face. 

I think that can be arranged, my brother said, his cock thrusting out before him. Should we spit roast her, Mother.

I think that would be a wonderful idea, purred my dragon-mother, her hermaphrodite-cock thrusting out before her.

I opened my mouth wide and groaned, Aaaah!

Mother accepted my invitation. Her blue hair danced around her face while her big boobs jiggled. Pussy cream ran down her thighs from her dripping cunt. She was so ready to just ram her cock into my mouth. I wanted that, too. It would be amazing to have her sliding that cock into me. Just a fantastic delight. 

I wiggled my hips from side to side at my brother, my pussy dripping with all this hot cream. It was just running down my thighs. I trembled, my cunt burning with such heat. I licked my lips, my heart hammering away in my chest. 

Mother thrust her cock into my mouth.

I tasted tangy pussy cream on her dick. I shuddered, the flavor melting across my mouth. It was a delight. My twat clenched with the excitement of this moment. Hot cream ran down my thighs. I nursed on her with hunger.

My brother pressed his dick into my butt-crack. I smiled as he went for my anal delights. He worked his thick tip down my crevice to my asshole. He nuzzled right against my backdoor and thrust hard.

My anal ring surrendered to his cock.

He popped into my bowels with ease. He sank his cock into my wonderful anal sheath. I squeezed my flesh down around him and suckled hard on Mother's cock. Her dick throbbed in my mouth as my brother bottomed out in my asshole's depths. I had all his wonderful rod in me.

He drew back his cock as I suckled on Mother's girl-dick. Her boobs jiggled over my head as she moaned. She grabbed fistfuls of my fiery hair then thrust her shaft into my mouth as my brother buried his rod into my asshole.

His balls smacked my taint, and his crotch spanked my rump.

My boobs swayed beneath me. I groaned, loving this delight. They were both fucking me. Both thrusting their cocks in and out of my holes. I was impaled on them, savoring rocking back and forth to their thrusts.

Gods damn, Pyrriah, my brother groaned as he fucked into my asshole. He buried deep and hard into me, my bowels melting about his cock.

I loved that so much. He fucked me with this wonderful intensity. He buried his dick into me again and again, driving deep and hard. My bowels melted about him. I loved the way he held me. How he squeezed my hips as he plowed into me over and over.

At the same time, my mother fucked my mouth. She used it as an oral pussy, driving her hermaphrodite-dick to the back of my throat. I suckled on her, drool running down my chin as I reveled in being used by them both.

And I used them.

Heat melted from my asshole to my cunt.

It was wonderful to feel that delight as my brother fucked his cock into my bowels again and again. He plowed deep and hard into me. He buried over and over into my flesh. I loved every moment of it. I savored every last second of his cock plowing into me.

I squealed around Mother's cock slamming to the back of my throat over and over again. She fucked me with such passion. Her hermaphrodite-dick felt amazing in my mouth. I loved it. I suckled on her with such passion.

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned. Oh, Matar's big cock, that's so good.

Drool ran down my chin as I loved her. My orgasms built and built with my brother's every hard thrust into my bowels. He buried into me again and again. He plowed deep and hard into my asshole. I quivered, so ready to just explode on this dick.

I wanted to cum so hard. I wanted to just burst with all this rapture. It would be amazing. I suckled on him. I nursed with passion. Drool ran down my chin as I loved Mother's clit-cock. I suckled, nursing with all my might.

Las's big dick, my brother growled, burying his dick deep into my bowels, my boobs swaying from the force of his thrust. That's incredible, Pyrriah. I love your asshole so much.

I squealed in delight. I loved his dick churning me up.

I bobbed my head, nursing with everything I had on Mother's thrusting hermaphrodite-dick. She drove to the back of my throat and kept going. My eyes bulged as she plunged her clit-cock down my gullet. My bowels clenched on my brother's mighty rod as my mother's pussy lips slapped into my mouth.

I tasted her sweet pussy cream.

It spilled into my mouth as I moaned around her cock buried down my throat. Pyrriah, she gasped. My sweet daughter, yes!

She pulled back her clit-cock. I suckled the entire way as my brother buried his dick into my asshole. I was so close to cumming. Just about to burst with delight. My asshole melted around his cock as he plunged back into me. 

Gods damn, he growled as he thrust into me. Cum!

Mother and I both exploded.

As my bowels writhed around my brother's cock, Mother's hermaphrodite-cum pumped into my mouth. I gulped it all down. I shuddered, swallowing every wonderful drop of her salty cum. My brother pumped away at my asshole as it spasmed with my orgasm.

Pleasure rushed through me. Fire burned in my hair. I trembled, my pussy gushing juices. My cream soaked my pubic hair and spilled hot down my thighs. I squealed, gulping down more and more of Mother's girl-cum.

Matar's big cumming dick! gasped Mother.

Gods damn, yes! growled Kurtis as he buried his cock to the hilt in my asshole. That's incredible. Pyrriah! My sexy phoenix twin!

My brother's cum pumped into my bowels. All that wonderful jizz that I loved flooded me. It was incredible having all that spunk pumping into my spasming bowels. My velvety flesh milked his cock dry. I shuddered, my heart pounding with such delight.

My asshole rippled and writhed around his cock a few more times, working out all his cum while my mind melted in all the rapture that he pumped in me. I felt so amazing right now. I was so happy that my family was out of Naith and back on our quest.

I couldn't wait to find a way to free our father. 

I would fight at my brother's side. I would be his phoenix and burn so hot for him. 

I nursed out the last of my mother's hermaphrodite-spunk. I loved the flavor as it poured down my throat. It was a delight to be here kneeling and loving them both. I quivered and my brother pulled his cock out of my asshole.

Princess Lavhi, you get over her and lick the cum out of my sister's asshole, Kurtis barked.

Y-yes, Master, the quivering, pleasure-addicted rakshasa moaned. The vibrator churned her up, a happy smile on her dark face.

She crawled over to me as my brother went off to have more fun. 

Mother slipped her clit-cock out of my mouth and smiled down at me. Enjoy.

I will, Mother. I quivered as those hands grabbed my butt-cheeks. That's the fun of being in Kurtis's harem. It's never dull.

Mother laughed, rich and delicious. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

The sun rose golden on the deck of the Treasure Box. Another night of fucking had passed. Everyone was still asleep where they had dropped. Overia cuddled up to her father, Foran to his mother. Solja had Tharaka in his arms. Lasla had passed out in my dragon-mother's arms while Pyrriah was cuddled between Princess Naryu and Nephi. Pradu lay on her back with Princess Lavhi asleep, her head resting on Pradu's crotch, lips still gleaming with pussy juices. The three halfling mothers had their children around them.

It was an amazing sight. 

I found myself, however, looking to the northeast. I stared out across Shilter Strait, the rising sunlight reflecting bright off the crest of waves. I peered past it all, imagining how our ship would sail out into the Nimborgoth, rounding the peninsula of the small continent that Naith lay on. We'd round that and make our way to the Shizhuth Empire.

As we did, we would pass where Angela and her group had landed at the mouth of Kemoh River and made their trek into the Haunted Forest to search Drakin Castle. It lay on the same continent as Naith just on the other side of mountains. An untamed land. Full of dangers.

And adventure.

Angela's party had found a miracle at Drakin Castle. Minx the naughty halfling thief had found a way to have her elf-lover's babies. A hermaphrodite and a dual-sex female having children. No demigods involved. It was hot. I wouldn't mind seeing my mother knock up a few women.

And I had a step-mother sylph and two half-sisters to breed.

It was a shame that her kind was almost gone. She didn't want to bring dragons back. She claimed they were all violent and destructive, and some of them sure were. Dominari and her Desolation had scared the world for centuries before Angela slew the dread beast. 

But if they were raised right, maybe they wouldn't cause problems. Or maybe if they had different sort of mothers. Humans or halflings or dwarves. That would make them really horny. Maybe they would go around fucking instead of killing.

Wouldn't that be better?

Yeah, that would be a lot better.

Drakin Castle, I thought, staring off in the distance. Why not go there? I could fuck some werewolves, too. Maybe something else that lurked in the woods. Ghosts or I don't know. It would be an adventure. 

Captain Telesi! I shouted.

Mmm, a tired voice said. Oh, the sun's up. Already?

Lay in a new course, I said. The mouth of the Kemoh River. We're making a pit stop. 

Aye, aye, Master Kurtis, she answered. Then she yelled. You lazy sea rats, get your asses up. Douche those cunts and wash those balls, we have a ship to get sailing! 

To be continued...
