By Xbanero 2010
xbanero@yahoo.com

tags: SciFi, latex, FF/m, strapon

(content may change as I find the way to fix some major flaws)
----------------------------------------------------------------

5. The Shopping.

Part I. introduction

Priscilla was desperate. Her lovely husband started to fail with his bedroom duties three years after marriage. And in the middle of his deepest frustration he told her that he has this strange latex fetish and that it's more and more bugging his mind. With heavy heart she proposed they could visit some fetish store to find some help there.
He knew she did it only because she loved him so he didn't want to go. But Pris insisted, so she browsed the internet to find the most recommended store in town...
"Hello?"
The shop looked deserted. Around in the racks were hanging different sorts of fetish wear, glistening in the dim light. Smell of rubber and leather have filled their nostrils. 
"I don't think its necessary, Pris, we should go somewhere else..."
"No, Mark. I think the shop assistant have to be somewhere around here."
Priscilla took one piece that looked like miniature bra and rubbed it between the fingers.
"It looks soft... and feels good against the skin" she exclaimed as she tried it against her cheek.
"But I don't think they have my size, all things here are too petite."
"I WOULDN'T BE SO SURE!" Priscilla turned swiftly around and she nearly stumbled into a woman that suddenly appeared behind her. It was a brunette, merely same size as her, but a little bit higher according to her six inch heels. She was wearing black bikinis, thigh high stockings and opera gloves on purple catsuit that covered her whole body up to the neck. All shiny and highly polished. Despite there was no visible corset, her waist was too slim in comparison to the ample bossom to be real. Her long jet-black hair was glossy too. She wore pair of diamond earrings that that accentuated elegant curves of her face. And her smile.
"Howdy I didn't noticed you, these stillettos you are wearing should be heard from the street!"
"The floor is padded with rubber, and excuse me, I am Kate, may I help you with your choice?"
"Absolutely, I have no clue with these. Actually my husband there should, we are here because of him."
"Hmmm... so you want to buy him a present?" 
"Sort of. I just want to find a solution to our problems. And cheer him up of course."
"And do you want more um... privacy to discuss this, I think he could hear us."
"Maybe it is good idea, but what about him?"
 Kate waved at him. "Hello sir. Another assistant will be there in the minute. I need to show something to your wife back in the store"
"Sure, why not" Mark replied and continued to rummage through magazines before him.
She took her hand, and led her to the black rubber padded door between racks. The touch of the gloved hand was somehow stimulating, Priscilla realized she now urges to try some on.
They came into a black painted small office, with simple desk, pair of comfortable chairs and a large showscreen od the wall. 
"Have a seat" said Kate, closing the door."So what exactly happens?"
"Umm... it seems he lost his ability to release. He always gets me climaxed, his oral skills are unbelievable, but I am not able to do the same to him. Everything worked for mere three years perfectly, but it seems we are in trouble now..."
"And you asked him, then he told you he has a fetish?" 
"Exactly."
"Hmmm... it usually goes like that. But let me show you this" She took the remote and the screen flashed.
The young beautiful woman appeared. She was covered from head to toe in shiny black rubber. Only her face and long ponytail of pink hair that cascaded down between her buttocks have been visible. She was standing in large lab-like white room. 
"Hello, I am Chrissy and what I am wearing now is Stimsuit 3000. It is very advanced wear that can pleasure you and you partner in seconds." 
She pivoted around on her stillettos that seemed to be built in the suit. "As you can see, basically it is an rubber catsuit that covers your body completely." She traced her her hip with her sleek hand. "But the technology that is hidden underneath is unbelievable. It can stimulate every single inch of my body literally mixing it into a sensuous cocktail of pleasure. Its processing unit is scanning brain impulses so you can control it directly wihout any kind of remote."
Large nipples shot out of her magnificient breasts and she started to sway her body a little. "See. It is fast and on demand, whenever you want if you like."  
"Now what do we have for him..." She walked to some kind of sculpture on a white column. "This is a plexiglass male torso, I will demonstrate what you can do to your lover in seconds".
"At first, the gloves can stimulate also externally, so if you touch him on his sensible areas, it will get him warmer, even through his clothes. Also the walls of my vagina are covered, which enhances his feeling during the intercourse. But the great difference is this."
She took the see-thru buttocks with her hands and pressed her crotch between the cheeks.
Inside appeared something like black tentacle, twisting and swiveling around.
"This, is my penis." 
Priscilla took a deep breath and uttered "What the..." but continued watching.
"Of course I am 100 per cent woman and this is only the part of the suit. But..." she turned her face to camera and licked her red luscious lips "YOU CAN FEEL IT." She said with deep tone in her voice.
"I am able to twist it as you can see, but it also can vibrate, stimulate electrically and expand to the proper size..." with these words her phallus started to grow into black glistening seven incher nearly filling the cavity of the model. "So what can do when you both feel that thing?" She put index finger in her mouth in a pose of naive question. Her smile became sinister. She became pumping the torso flapping her flat toned tummy against the cheeks with fresh pace. "This is fun. But there is still something extra..."
"Whenever you feel he is about to explode, you can also climax immediately."
She quickened her pace to something that resembled sewing machine, thrown her head up darting her pointy tongue out of her mouth... and then stopped. Insides of the sculpture started to get filled by the pink fluid matching the color of her hair. Of course it squirted from the head of the artificial penis.
She slowly withdrew it from the plexiglass anus and put her hands on her hips, turning back to the camera. She looked magnificent. Then the phallus silently dissappeared back to her crotch, which remained smooth as before.
She wiped the dribble of pink cream with her finger and licked it. "Now this is what you should generally let to him." And gave the camera her last shiny smile.

The screen went blank. Kate looked at stunned Priscilla.
"This product you can have for mere two thousand, delivery in two days. And of course we have one in your size to try on right now."
"You must be kidding me, this... thing actually exists? I mean it was some kind of computer image manipulation, not the real show, isn't it?"
Kate saw the blink of interest in Pris' eyes. "So you want to try it? To make you believe?"
Priscilla's look went blank. She was in agony. 'This isn't happening, not now. I am serious person, not some kind of freak...'
"I think you don't have to worry about your life now. I mean you are strong enough to keep in under control,aren't you?"
"Wwwhat? Of course I am..." She woke from her daydreaming, eyes blinking.

to be continued...


Part II. first try
"Look, I am not sure if it is exactly what my husband wants. You're right I was curious about the feelings that woman talked about, and yes, actually I was the one who initiated this, but not for me, it was for him."
"I see, you're confused, this could be a big change in the life of both of you. And if you really care about his opinion, there's no better way than to ask him. But there's nothing that crosses your way to try it now.
Just go back to the store and tell him we'll be finished in a minute. Or you can both leave, but I really doubt this is really what you want to do."
Priscilla walked preoccupied out of the office. In the store was elder, but good looking woman with grey hair discussing something with her husband, probably about the magazine he just held in his hand. 
"Mark, I'm so sorry you have been waiting so long." 
"Pris, it's okay, I hope you two have found something that would help us."
Priscilla gulped.
"Yeah... I hope so." 
She was in the right way to take his hand and get out of the store. But something has stopped her.
"Actually I wanted to ask you for another couple of minutes..." 
"Yeah sure, the lady here is also a photographer, we just discussed an interesting stuff about lights and I think it could get longer a little bit."
She looked at the other assistant and saw a little blink in her eye, as if she knew...
"Okay I'll be right back."
She returned to the office, Kate stood up with smile.
"So we can go to dress you up!" again she took Pris' hand and led her to he next room. It was filled with black boxes branded by "Pleasuretech inc.". Priscilla never heard of that company. 
In one corner was some control panel and a machine that looked like a security gate at the airport. Kate stood before the controls.
"This is simple laser scanner to take your measures, it is more accurate and faster than usual way... but you will have to remove your clothes now. Please step then into the gate put your feet in tracks, hands on the handles and close your eyes." 
Humming sound rotated couple times around her.
"You can open them now. Now we can use the lasers to remove your body hair, it is neccessary for wearing the suit."
Now the conditions came... thought Priscilla for herself
Second procedure took a little bit longer and when she opened her eyes and she couldnt believe her eyes. Her skin was soft and completely hairless just like the babies have.
"Now we could proceed to dressing. The company supplies set of devices that will help you with pulling the suit on.
You will see its easy. She opened the box she previously picked by the Pris' measures and started to pull out pieces of suit. 
"The suit has incorporated special patent bindings that seamlessly connect with other parts, so you can put them on one by one. Let's start by your feet."
Part after part of her body got covered by the black stretchy material. It was a little bit snug, but in pleasure way. The biggest problem was the part that fit around her torso. Kate used some dildo like devices to fit the inside parts, and Priscilla felt... well, uncomfortable. But the feeling quickly resided.
In the end they have finished their work with the mask, Priscillas long blond hair made a ponytail matching size with the woman from the presentation, accentuating features of her beautiful face.
"Now we use this device to make the parts seamlessly interlock together."
Kate traced all seams with device that looked like small flashlight and they dissappeared one by one.
"When you want to go apart again, it is more easier and faster." 
"With last seam suit has automatically turned itself on, but now we have to commence the synchronization with your brainwaves." 
She put on Priscillas head something like a silver helmet that covered her eyes.
"You will see a flashing light, it could feel unpleasant but you will get used to it soon."
As Kate said, it wasn't good feeling. She felt dizzy and the flashes were painful, but soon it got different aspect.
She started to feel IT. As the suit became synchronized it was more part of her body than just a plain suit.
And then the flashes stopped. Priscilla nearly dropped to her knees. "Easy, easy" She felt as Kate grabbed her to prevent her fall. 
When she gained her balance, Kate removed the helmet. The vision was blurred somehow.
"These are typical symptoms. The suit stimulates your muscles, but also helps them when you they are not sufficient. It also enhances your vision you will soon get used to it."
"Yeah it feels strange, like three bottles of wine in a row..." 
"Just breath. It will fade away."
The picture has settled back together."Ahh, what a relief. Wait. I think I can see behind myself somehow..."
"Yes, the suit combines signal from its own sensors with your own. It is not as sharp as the eyes are getting, but it enhances your periferal and night vision a little."
"What is it for?"
"Hummm, I really don't know, they don't supply the suit without that feature, so I thought its a kind of prevention from damaging the suit."
"And what with that muscle stimulation? I feel still wobbly..." 
"I think the suit itself makes movement a little bit difficult, and of course some kind of movements you are not used to could be helped with."
Short smile flew across the Kates face.
Then she led her to a large mirror. Priscilla was amazed with her appearance, she was all shiny, gleaming and statuesque just like the woman in the presentation. Well... almost. Pris' sighed when she stopped pivoting. Apparently the age is not removable.
"Do you like what you see? Now you can learn the way of controlling the suit. The mirror is good helper for the start."
"I have seen you were somehow disspapointed with yourself, so lets start to remove the flaws. Just start to think about your waist to get it slimmer."
Priscilla did as she has been told. At first she saw nothing, but slowly the tension around her waist has been built. And invisible corset, just like in the video. Then she tried to raise her breasts a little... then make them more round and firm again... yes. Soon she developed an perfect hourglass figure.
Now she was real stunner. She traced black shiny globes of her magnificient breasts, her hips, pressed her firm buttocks
"I see you are now looking more satisfied." Kate smiled. 
"You bet, this is what I really didn't expect. I hope Mark will recognize me."
"Yeah, it will be a bang for him, literally." Kate joked.
"Funny, but I don't really think we will get that far. I am still afraid it won't be his cup of tea." The vision of banging his sweet little ass was overwhelming. She has already known about this kind of sexual practice. But never realized she should be so close to try it. The anticipation was electrifying.
Now she thought directly about the rubber member from the video. She wanted to see it. And feel it. 
Quickly the hard erect rod emerged from the shiny smoothness of her pubic mound. She gripped it with her hand. It was like the electric shock jolted through her. "Ouch!" 
"Sensitive, isn't it?" said Kate, as if she expected Priscillas latest action.
Priscillas mind started to fill swiftly with desire. She touched it again and slowly started to stroke. After few moments she got herself off, the stream of thick liquid spurted from the head of the penis and splashed over the image of that sexually overdriven superfemale in the mirror.
"Oops, sorry for that." said Pris' when she regained from the rapture and started to look for some cloth to wipe the stain off.
"Don't bother, it happens many times. This could help." She picked up some kind of spray and removed the reminders of Priscillas latest orgasm. 
The phallus slowly dissappeared again.
"I have forgotten to mention last thing, you don't have to wear shoes in the suit. They will appear when you need them."
Priscilla started to think of her feet and now she felt as the soles hardened and spikey stillettos shot out of her heels, raising her up by four inches.
She looked at them in the mirror. "The six inchers would be a pain," she thought for herself, "but for a while..."
Priscilla got into bliss. The suit managed to form merely any kind of shoe including tall platforms, of course all in jet glossy black. After she wobbled around in ten inches of ballet boots and clattered in platforms of the same height she returned to decent clicking of five inch high stilettos.
She felt comfortable. More than that. It was maybe the first time in her life she liked everything about herself. Doubtless. 
Just the last thing. Mark... The feeling she simply did not want him to reject her new appearance including that little possibility of having fun with his prostate raised minute by minute. She has to convince him somehow. 
"I guess you are now thinking if you will be able to survive if your husband won't approve it."
"You're right. It's so tempting."
"I think you don't have to fear about it. You'll see."

Part 3:
The first intercourse.

Priscilla opened the door and entered the store. Mark, still chatting with the older woman just swiftly turned his head to check the incoming person and then he continued with his discussion. But then he stopped. He turned back to her finally getting what he saw. 
"Pris?"
"Yes Mark, it's me."
The beautiful woman dressed from head to toe in gleaming black latex slowly approached him, fixing his eyes with lustful look. The ponytail made of her golden hair bobbed up and down, as she seductively swayed her hips while she walked. 
"Do you like what you see?"
"Oh yeah, you are soo gorgeous."
"I bet you din't expect it."
"Well... with all respect, I didn't."
"Ehm." Kate stood behind them. "I think you could have some privacy behind these door, you should decide if its really worth the money." She winked at Priscilla.
"Mark, it is not cheap, I understand if you won't like to buy it. We both should know if this would help us."
"Well then, hope this won't be as thoroughful investigation as you sound now" he tried to smile, bu looked a little bit embarassed, slowly going to the door Kate pointed at.
Priscilla's mind started to get fuzzy. As she looked at his butt before her, she felt more and more close to her point. She could not hold it anymore. Before they reached the door, she bumped into him. 
"What's the rush, hon?" asked Mark.
But she was already over the edge. Her hands reached around, grabbed his chest, her crotch pressed tightly against his cheeks, her breasts on his back. She was now about the same height towering on her heels. She leaned forward and bitten his earlobe, while her gloved hand traced his lips. She pushed her fingers in, feeling his resistance started to dissolve. Then it came. The sound of trashed cloth of his pants accompanied her cock on its way home. 
Both assistants savored the view of the glistening gorgeous body of the powerful dominatrix taking her obeying slave's ass between the racks full of crops and whips. Of course the shop was already closed to prevent any other customer to disturb at the moment.
Priscilla was now using all of the features of her member to stimulate her husband. Maybe too much.
In ten seconds his hardon raised his pants and the stain of his cum spread visibly around it. He shrieked in mixture of awe and pleasure.
After his climax he realized what she did. She pushed her away with all his force so she merely fallen to the basket with ballgags.
He turned around, his eyes glowing with anger.
"Pris, you know I love you, but this is too much. I am no fag nor sissy. And they saw us. All the cameras in the shop recorded this. What the hell were you thinking?"
Her mind has been cornered. She knew this was an option, but she didn't realized how close she was.
"Look Mark, I didn't meant to. I just thought you might like it."
"No, I really didn't. Not this way."
Priscilla's heart galopped like a horse in the last lap. 
"I am sorry, this is my fault."
"Well, it was your idea and I'm kinda thinking that you have planned it. ALL OF IT."
Now she got angry. It was all wrong. He was wrong. She wanted to please him, not to frame him. And then her mind switched. Somehow she stopped to care about him. She was embarrassed he's yelling at her. Here. She took the crop from the rack behind her and started to beat him. Mercilessly, hitting his chest, head and hands he raised to protect his face. Her ponytail raised to the top of her skull, now aiming directly to the ceiling, making her looking taller and displaying her anger more. She also raised her heels up to the seven inches.
"I don't need to frame you, you will obey my will sooner or later." 
He was stunned. She literally trashed his shirt into small stripes, revealing bleeding marks all over his upper body. She put his hands behind his back, raising them painfully up and making him nearly to bend over. He realized she was now many times stronger than him.
"Ouch. That really hurts honey. Couldn't we discuss it before you disjoint my shoulders?"
"I won't discuss anything. Go to that door." With one hand fixing his arms, the other swiftly forced the gag into his mouth quickly fixing it behind his neck. 
"Oh no, you wont spill this out honey. And from now you won't say anything either. You will just listen."
She pushed him into the next room, that appeared to be some sort of dungeon. She quickly gained new ideas shackled him to large X cross on the wall. 
"Now I am much more comfortable, fixing you here, letting me finally think, relieving." 
She sat on the leather padded throne before him. 
"I say you made me to do this, bringing our marriage to disaster. I've just found out I like to dominate you and penetrate your ass. I like to wear this outfit and maybe there will be more I like here in this shop. And I decided you will follow as I say. And believe I will use everything I can to convince you. You said the cameras are bothering you. Well yeah, the record could do a lot of damage on your boss' desk. And I am able to do it."
Priscilla's mind was now clear. Looking at her husband trembling shackled to the wall calmed her down. 
"I am not losing a single point in this match. You will obey my every wish."
She stood up, her magnificient breasts slightly bobbed before him. Mark was in agony, but he loved the sight. And he realized he will do anything to keep it this way.
"So." she took the dangerously looking bullwhip laying on the floor "Do I have to continue with my persuasion? Or will you agree from this point?"
Mark nodded.
"Yes what? Will you be my slave for the rest of your life?"
After pause he nodded again.
"I bet you do. Then I could put this away, isn't it..." she dropped the whip, Mark sighed with relief. After her first attack he was really afraid of permanent damage she could do with that thing. 
"Oh sweetie, are you scared? I didn't meant to..." she continued with sarcasm in her tone.
Then she paused, her black glossy index finger resting on her lips. "But then I would miss all the fun!"
She took the whip again and started to cover his chest with red marks. She quickly developed her skill and continued with hitting his exposed balls. Mark convulsed in pain. Her penis appeared again. But now it was really huge. Priscilla approached him, her erect member bobbing between her legs. Her nipples were erect too, clearly visible thru her suit. Then she dug them ito his chest pressing herself against him. And her penis pressed against his own making Mark's pride look grotesque petite. "My, my, you see... I like it very much. And you'll find that theres no limit for me."
She started to uncuff him, holding him in place with all her power. She was that strong Mark coudln't breathe for a while. When she released the pressure, he nearly dropped to the floor. 
"Oh yeah, now you are getting it. ON YOUR KNEES!"
She forced him to kneel before her. 
"Now suck!" She removed his gag, forced his jaw to open and pressed the monster all the way in. Mark started to suffocate.
"Breathe with your nose, moron. You can handle it!" She then started to fuck his throat forcefully. His eyes were literally popping out.
"Ahhh nothing beats the feeling. I envied you this long long time."
Priscilla licked her lips in exstacy. Then she blinked in surprise. "No, no, if you'll bite, you get bitten!" 
Sharp pain throughout Mark's body reminded him this was a bad idea. Really bad. She lifted him up and pulled him by his hair to the leather padded table standing in the opposite corner of the room. Then she forced him to bend over it, securing him again with shackles.
"I think we should take proper care of your back side now. That's how I like it, roasted on both sides."
She started to whip him again, now she let her penis to bob and swing as she swayed her glistening body in one sensuous movement that resulted in sharp cracking sounds and muffled screams.
She noticed the strange endurance she had now. She still felt no signs of fatigue. And she wanted more. She took something that looked like cattleprod and tried to press the button on the handle. Couple of flashes accompanied by that tearing sound of electric jolt. 
"Yesss. This could really cheer you up mon cheri." Then she buried the electrodes into his left asscheek and watched in amusement his body convulsing.
"Energizing." She started to stroke her member while shocking her husband.
"And now I want TO FUCK YOU HON." She whispered into his ear leaning against him resting on her firm breasts.
And then he felt real pressure against his sphincter, not like the first time, now it was the hard way.
"I'll rip your tiny cute hole in a sec."
And then she was inside. The pain was enormous, but it slowly faded. She started to move, grinding him against the table. Her huge glistening black rubber penis emerged and dissapeared again into depths of his bowels. Slowly she quickened her pace and 
started to build an orgasm. Her rhythm started to resemble the woman in presentation. His already red ass turned blue as she banged against it. Everything around was fuzzy, she concentrated only on her pleasure. And his butt.
"Whoa!"
She came first time. It was amazing. She felt as her cum squirted throughout the rubber phallus. Splash of pleasure awashed her mind.
 
 To be continued...

