Author: Hen of Terrabit
Title: A Lust for Love
Summary: Here I am again, writing some lovey-dovey consensual gay sex. THIS IS GAY AS HELL - balls touching and everything. You have been warned! ;)
Keywords: mm, rom, anal
Date: June 23, 2010

--

I force my tongue into Jesse's mouth as we make out on his parents' couch. He melts on top of me, letting me explore his mouth, sucking on his tongue softly. His breath is so intoxicating, I can hardly think straight. My eyes are closed, but I know his long auburn hair is hanging down around my head; I can feel it tickling my face.

He breaks the kiss and pulls back  my eyes open to see him. He smiles innocently at me, his lips moist.

"I love you," he whispers.

I don't know how to answer. This is all happening so fast. Barely a week ago I had never even considered the possibility of sleeping with another guy, but Jesse  well, he's changed all that. He's not a crossdresser or anything, but fuck could he ever be if he wanted to. Even so, there's a difference between a feminine guy and an actual girl. Jesse is smooth all over, sensuous, and more beautiful to me than any woman ever could be.

Best of all, he was horny. His parents had just left for the weekend and we had this house all to ourselves. I told Jesse before that my favourite place to fuck was someone else's couch  hey, I may be a fag, but my turn-ons are pretty normal. I'm only different in one important way; that I can understand how beautiful Jesse is, and straight guys can't.

Even so, I couldn't answer Jesse when he whispered, "I love you." I only met him a bit more than a week ago. I wasn't sure what to think.

I don't know if he noticed my silence. He pulls back in to kiss me on the lips.

"I want to feel you inside me..." he breathes into my mouth. I've never been this hard.

Jesse is wearing a tight pink t-shirt that he starts to pull over his head. I'm mesmerized when he throws the sweaty thing away from the couch, revealing his smooth, shaven armpits. Holy fuck. His chest is completely flat, with two perky little brown points for nipples and an ident at his navel. I can't take my eyes off him and he giggles playfully, covering himself with his arms.

"Don't stare," he laughs.

"I can't help myself," I reply honestly. "You're beautiful."

He blushes, cupping his nipples behind his small pianist hands.

I can't help myself. I lift my body off the couch to kiss him again. I kiss him on the lips, on the cheek, on the forehead; running down his neck, kissing a hand and pulling it away to kiss his nipples. I give each one a little lick that sends a shudder down his spine as rough tongue brushes on sensitive skin. His arms grab me, pulling me into a tight embrace and scratching my back just enough to feel amazing.

He grabs the bottom of my loose shirt and pulls it off me, throwing it into the pile with his. I shift up on the couch to level our faces so we can make out again. He digs his nails further into my back, lustfully. I can hardly contain myself, holding him by the waist. We break the kiss once again, a thin trail of my spittle still connecting us as he moans:

"Fuck me. Now."

Should I oblige? Of course I should. We both stand up from his parents' couch.

He gets down on his knees and unzips my jeans, pulling them down quickly. My cock strains against my briefs as he presses his face into it and breathes in heavily through his nose. It's sweaty from a long day in the summer air. Jesse breathes out and just makes it hotter. Holy fuck.

He stands back up and pulls off his own pants. I see his bulge now, almost poking over the top of his underwear. His cock is about the same size as mine, with a bit more of a curve upwards to it; the kind of curve that makes it spring every time you stroke it. And this is why no woman could ever be as beautiful as my Jesse.

I grab him and pull him back onto the couch, him on top as before. Our erections rub against one another as he grinds into me, his cock so eager to just reach through the fabric and meet its playmate. My hands snake down to caress his ass. I knead the cheeks in my hands, stretching it open and closing it over and over again. Jesse pushes against me like we're already fucking. He hasn't seen anything yet.

I lift us off the couch so I can inch our underwear down our legs. There's an unexpected moment of softness when the tips of our cocks meet in the centre. Jesse smiles at me and I smile back; they're kissing. That's an injoke we have together.

Jesse grabs the last of our clothes from my hands and tosses them into the pile with everything else. Then he presses back down against me, rubbing his smooth nuts into mine. I still have some pubic hair down there; just enough fuzz to tickle him and make him smile his beautiful smile.

After a moment of this, he stops and leans back from me. I see him reach for the lube beside the couch and start squirting some onto his smooth hands. He smirks mischievously. Holy fuck. I follow his hands with my eyes as he moves them down to touch my cock. His hand touches my member without fanfare, spreading the liquid across my glans and down the shaft. He starts stroking me slowly, massaging my cock just a bit. My dick jerks in his hand and he giggles again.

I watch him raise his perfect round ass over the head of my cock. His own member is standing straight up, unfortunately not close enough for me to suck. Jesse puts an arm behind his back and saws his hand down between his cheeks, lubing up his entrance. Some drops fall and hit my cock, causing it to pulse in anticipation.

Finally he removes his hand and swipes it off in his hair. He leans himself forward, forcing my cockhead to press against his entrance. It's so slippery that I nearly enter right then and there, but Jesse is pulled forward just enough to stop me. He kisses me again.

"I love you," he whispers.

My cock throbs.

"Fuck me. Now."

Obliged.

I pull myself up and ram my cock into his ass. He leans back to sit and ride me. This isn't his first time with a guy, after all; he knows how to take a hard dicking after a bit of foreplay. It's just me who's the gay virgin. Well, I -was- the gay virgin.

Jesse puts his supple hands on my chest and pushes against me. He slams his ass down into me until he can feel my balls against his cheeks, then pulls himself back up and slams it down again. He's still really tight down there. I moan up at him.

"Holy fuck!"

"Fuck me," he whispers hoarsely. "NOW!"

Inside of Jesse is a hard chestnut-sized lump known as a prostate. It's what makes anal sex feel so amazing for men; massaging it with something warm and hard  like your maybe-boyfriend's throbbing cock  will give you the orgasm of a lifetime. Or so I've heard. To me, it just feels like one more sensuous part of my lover's hole, and I love every sensation of it rubbing against the top of my cock.

I reach down to start jerking him off. He gasps in pleasure and quickens his pace as I stroke my hand and tug on his hard cock. When I let go for an instant, it springs back up to point at the sky. Jesse could never forget where the stars are.

We run our bodies together for a good few minutes, Jesse slamming me into him balls-deep as I tried to jerk him off. Then we heard a sound coming from the door: footsteps on the deck, a jangling of keys in the lock.

Jesse stops, sitting on my dick. My breath freezes in my lungs. What do we do?

By the time his mom opens the door, Jesse has pulled a blanket from on top of the couch over our bodies. He's pressed down against me, my cock still buried between his smooth cheeks. I can't even talk I'm so terrified and embarrassed. His parents don't even know me.

Jesse's mom just walks in and turns on the the living room lights. I'm nearly blinded after so long in the darkness. Evidently, so is Jesse.

"Mom!" he whines, leaning against me. "Turn off the light!"

"Why?" she asks, just passing the couch on her way through.

"We're trying to sleep!" he says groggily. I quickly half-close my eyes and start to feign sleepiness as well. His mom looks at us and sighs.

"Who's this? Another boyfriend?"

"None of your business," he replies.

"I don't want you bringing all sorts of guys home, Jesse."

"We're just cuddling!" Jesse says.

His mother rolls her eyes and leaves the room. A moment later, she comes back with a Winnie-the-Pooh diaper bag  she must have forgotten to take it with her before. She takes one last look at the two of us before walking back to the front door and turning off the light.

"Have fun," she says. I hear the door slam behind her, then footsteps on the deck again. It's getting really hot under this blanket, but Jesse doesn't move until he hears the car pull out of the driveway. When it does, he throws the blanket off us, into our pile of clothes.

"Thank God she didn't see those," he laughs, looking at the pile. "She wouldn't have done anything, but still, there are some things my mom should never have to see."

I grimace. That was really fucking awkward.

Jesse lifts himself back up and slams my cock into his hole again. I'm still hard despite the interruption. Jesse giggles.

"I love you," he whispers.

I'm about to answer when he arcs his back and starts riding me again. Up and down, my balls slap against his smooth cheeks over and over as the tight muscles inside of him tug and milk my cock for its seed. His prostate rubs against the top of my member, causing his body to jerk forward into mine. I rub his back with my hands, feeling the soft musculature.

"Fuck me!" he moans into my chest.

I pull out my cock.

"FUCK ME!"

I slam it back in, hard. He holds onto my chest for dear life as I fuck him as hard as I can. His prostate starts throbbing, pulsing back and forth against my cock. I push his body up again so I can feel his rock-hard cock in my hand. Holy fuck. I stroke it quickly, feeling that incredible springiness. I can feel a pressure building up in my nuts as I jerk him off and he slams my cock into his ass. Holy fuck.

"Don't pull out!" Jesse screams. "I want to feel you shoot inside me!"

I almost scream as I slam Jesse's beautiful body down one last time. My cock twitches and quivers involuntarily as it starts to shoot my load deep into his ass. The hot cum coats his insides and he moans and screams out his own orgasm, shooting a load across my chest and onto my neck. His cock twitches and pulses in my hand with each rope of cum. I can feel my seed in him running down and coating his prostate, spreading to fill him up before I have to pull out.

He collapses down into me, breathing heavily. I rub the back of his head, his long auburn hair drenched in sweat.

"I love you," he whispers into my neck, kissing me right where his cum landed. I pull his face up towards mine and we kiss deeply, jizz all over his lips. He smells like some man's tiny, weak little plaything; the smell of lust, of sweat, of lube and cum and kisses in the darkness. Nothing is more beautiful, more desirable to me right now or ever again.

"Are you my boyfriend now?" he giggles.

"You kept your cool to your mom without even unmounting," I whisper. "I certainly fucking hope I'm your boyfriend."

He blushes. "Am I yours?"

"You're the most beautiful person I've ever seen."

"I love you."

"I love you, too."

After that, we really did cuddle.