Gretchen was a member of the League of German Girls and it was one Friday that she was patiently sitting on the wooden stool in the kitchen, lazily playing with her long blonde plaited pigtails, listening to her brother, who was home on leave, tell tales of his adventures in France. Their mother was at the stove baking and the kitchen was warm with the smell of pastries.
"Are the French girls pretty?" asked Gretchen.
"Yes very. But not as nice as German girls." he said.
"How so?" Gretchen was curious.
"Well for one thing their skin is not as pure." he said and knelt to the floor, his hands wrapping around each of Gretchen's white ankle socks he began to kiss the warm flesh of her naked thigh just below her grey pleated skirt. Gretchen laughed, "That tickles!".
"I have missed you so much little sister." he said earnestly."such smooth skin." He carried on gently kissing the warm, soft flesh of her teen thigh, all round, his face nuzzling in, her legs slightly parting as he enjoyed her inner thigh. He could smell the scent of her panties and looking up could see a flash of white. He turned his head and look towards his mother at the stove.
"Mother. I have a strange urge." he said
"My son, you have been long at war. A pure German girl like your sister is bound to arouse your Aryan urges and Gretchen knows it's her duty to serve the warriors of the Reich. Satisfy your urges and quench them my son." His mother replied

Now with his mothers permission, he lifted Gretchen from the stool and sat her on the kitchen table, he parted her legs at the knees and sat down on the chair, his sister in front of him, legs spread, like a delicious meal. Pulling her forward he plunged his face under her skirt and buried his face into the rapidly moistening panties, the smell of her young vagina sending him wild. He peeled them off her and enjoyed a hearty meal of her blonde wet pussy, sliding his tongue in the groove of her lips, tasting her sweet hole. He couldn't control his lust for her no longer and the chair fell backwards as he unloosened his trousers and released his aching cock, stiff, throbbing and angry. Both mother and and daughter taken aback at how stiff and erect it was, a cock starved of pussy and balls full of frustrated tension.

He ripped open her white blouse and bra, pushing her back against the table, attacking her breasts with his mouth as his cock easily slid into her gaping vagina. His mother watched on as he pumped Gretchen mercilessly with his weapon of flesh, admiring his athletic, muscular thighs as they strained, bent, forcing his cock up into her blonde cunt.Gretchen was now in a wanton orgasm, soaking the wooden table with her juicy cum. His groan as he cum sent shivers down his mothers spine, the relief and ecstasy at emptying his balls was plain. He lay prostrate in between his sisters legs, his face buried into her tiny breasts. Gretchen stroked his head, soothing him.
"We will take care of you my son. We have a whole week and I promise you, you will enjoy it." 