My Sisters and Me
by drew 

The benefits of having Amy as a friend were abundantly evident following the Halloween disaster. Jordan and I had done some real damage in the club, and we heard some of the guys that we hit were looking into legal action. But Amy squashed that before it could ever start. With her influence and money behind us, those creeps didn’t stand a chance. Not to mention the fact that they were the ones who first harassed Katie. The rumors faded within a week and Thimble and Hops bent over backwards to apologize to Amy. She neglected to tell them that everybody she brought into the club that night was under 21.

Katie downplayed her exposure, as I expected she would. She casually brushed off Amy’s apologies.

“Don’t worry about it, we were drunk. Shit happens.” Was a typical response she’d give.

Her relationship with me didn’t change much, other than her asking that I no longer bring Kyle around her.

“He’s sooo weird!” She said one night, a couple of weeks into November.

“He’s always been really nice to me.” Maddy replied. My sisters’ relationship was slowly recovering.

“Yeah well, why don’t you flash your bush at him next time. See how he responds. God, the creep pushed three people out of the way to get a better look!”

Three weeks ago, Maddy would have walked out of the room at the pubic hair shaming.

“That’s your move,” she was now able to laugh it off.

“Shut up. I wasn’t flashing anyone…well, not on purpose anyway.” Katie laughed, and then rested her eyes on me. She stared. Daring me to call her out. To say what I knew. It’s funny, she was supposed to be the vulnerable one in this situation, yet, somehow, it felt like she had all the power.

“Drew, I’m so happy you’re coming skiing with us!” Maddy changed the subject.

It was about to be opening weekend at one of the girls’ favorite ski resorts. Maddy, while still grounded, was allowed to come on the trip. She had trouble containing her excitement, and was constantly shopping for new gear and watching video clips on her phone.

“Should be a good time,” I said. “It’s been a while since I’ve gone.”

“You’re totally gonna eat shit. Ha! I can’t wait to see it,” Katie said. The girls laughed.

Friday came before we knew it and we all piled into our mom’s SUV. I drove, and my sisters sat in the back seat. It was an uneventful four-hour trip. We arrived at the lodge, and our room was a quaint suite with spectacular mountain views.

We hit the slopes the first evening, and Katie was spot on with her prediction. I was falling all over the place.

“Hahahahaha!” She busted out laughing as she sped past me the first time I crashed into the powder. When I finally got to the bottom, she had some more jokes waiting for me. “Dude, the bunny hill is wayyyy down there,” she said. “We won’t judge.”

“Awww Katie be nice! He hasn’t been skiing in forever,” Maddy said. The girls - all three, including mom - were advanced skiers. They clearly had a lot of practice since the last time I lived with them.

I continued to crash my way all over the mountain. Losing my poles, my gloves, you name it. It was humiliating. Katie was having a blast laughing and making fun of me. But Maddy took a different approach.

“Drew, why don’t you come down with me this next run? I’ll go really slow.”

“Guys, it’s actually getting pretty dark. Drew can get some more practice tomorrow,” Mom gave Maddy a look. She was still suspicious of us.

“Ahh c’mon one more run! Tomorrow’s gonna be packed.”

There was a pause. But eventually, mom gave in. “Fine. One run and we’ll meet you guys right here once you’re done.”

“Nice! Drew come on!” Maddy began skiing toward the lift. I caught Katie’s expression out of the corner of my eye. It looked like she was now regretting making fun of me all evening. She watched in silence as I followed our sister.

There was no lift line and we quickly reached the top of the hill.

“Okay, I’m gonna go behind you and see if I can critique your stance and movements,” Maddy directed.

“Sounds good.”

I began my run. I tried as hard as I could to not simply “pizza” my way down the hill. I tried to link some turns but I was picking up too much speed. I was flying down the hill, the trees started to become a blur.

“Oh shit!” I was going way too fast for my own good. I spread my skis apart in panic, and attempted to stop. But it was too late.

“OOOOOF!” My skis slipped out from under me and I collapsed down to the snow for the millionth time that night.

“Ahhh!” I heard Maddy’s screams from behind me. She turned her skis in parallel to the side and sprayed some more snow on me. But she was following too close and didn’t have enough room to completely stop. She rolled into the snow and eventually, right on top of me.

We lied in silence for a little bit. We had too much gear on for me to feel anything.
“Whoops,” she finally laughed. “Sorry, Drew.”

“Not your fault, I’m the one who crashed.”

“Either way, not sure your instructor is supposed to end up on top of you.”

“Oh, my instructor now?

“Judging from what I saw today, yes. Your instructor.” We both laughed. “Alrrrrriiight, I suppose we should make our way to the bottom. Luckily mom can’t see us like this!”

“Ha. No shit.” It was the first time either of us had acknowledged what happened the last time our mother caught us in a precarious position. Katie brought it up all the time, of course. But we were too embarrassed to talk about it amongst just us.

“Can you make your way down from here?”

“I hope so.”

The remainder of the trail was fairly shallow. We had passed the steep portion. I wedged my way to the bottom without issue. Katie was waiting for us. She had removed her helmet and goggles and her wavy brown hair cascaded down to her jacket. Even sweaty and messy in her ski gear, she looked sexy. I guess our mom had already gone inside.

“Well, I can see that went well.” Katie said, glaring at the snow all over our gear.

“Yeah, it was a fail. I admit it,” Maddy said.

I saw a slight smirk make its way across Katie’s now uncovered face. We made our way into the cabin, and back to our suite.

“Alright guys, let’s get our jackets and everything off in this entry room. I’ll get them in the dryer for tomorrow.” Our Mom greeted us right as we walked in the door. She was already in her lounge wear.

“Heard,” Katie approved.

She zipped off her jacket and snow pants and stripped down to her long johns. Maddy anxiously followed. There were curves galore as my sisters undressed. Their base layers were skin tight and hugged their fit bodies to perfection. I did my best to stay focused on my own jacket, as my mom stood there, watching us.

“I call first shower!” Katie said.

She entered the bathroom and tossed her last layer back out of the room for my mom to dry. The rest of us showered afterward, and we headed to bed for an early night.



The next morning, I woke up early. I opened the shades in my room to see the sun beaming down, reflecting off the snow in blinding fashion. Skiing or not, I could look at this view all day. A warm cup of coffee, maybe a good book or a movie. That sounded pretty good right about now.

“Ahhhh another day of eating shit!”

Katie’s voice interrupted my meditation. I turned around to see her standing in my doorway. I shook my head and rolled my eyes at her.

“Hey…I was thinking maybe I could help you out today.” Her tone did a 180 from lighthearted to serious. I looked at her with distrust. “I mean…I am the best in the family,” she added.

She was right about that.

“Okay…I’ll give it a shot. But the second you start with your shit I’m going back to Maddy.” I warned.

“Ha. Don’t be so sensitive! Come on, let’s get some breakfast.”

The four of us made our way down to the restaurant portion of the lodge. We ate our breakfast in relative silence and went back to grab our freshly dried gear. We were back on the slopes, and Maddy had been right. There were way more people here today.

I was grateful to no longer be the worst on the mountain. People were making divots today. All over the place. And they were skiing wayyyy out of their range.

“Alright, I’m gonna see if I can teach Gaper here a few things. We can’t let him embarrass us out there like he did yesterday. Especially in front of all these people,” Katie said.

I was starting to regret allowing her to coach me.

Mom and Maddy laughed and agreed. They went off on their own. Katie and I reached the top of the hill. I was about to go down in front of her, thinking this would be the same type of lesson Maddy tried to do yesterday.

“Woah, woah, woah! What are you doing Premature Paulie!” Katie scolded me. She had a stupid nickname for everything. “You can’t just fly down there with the rest of these lunatics.”

“Well, what do you want me to do, we’re at the top? Maybe we should just go down the bunny hill if you want to teach me.”

“No, no, no. That’s for toddlers,” she dismissed the idea. “Come over here.”

She skated over to a more secluded area at the top of the hill. There was a small incline there.

“Okay, watch me,” she said. “You want to do it like this.”

She twisted her hips back and forth and her entire body was in sync. Watching her slow, perfect movements, it was impossible not to think back to her gyrating for me on Halloween night. A grin must have spread across my face.

“What?” She asked, in a somewhat timid manner.

“Nothing.” But I continued to smile.

“Stop.” She laughed.

Katie has a brilliant mind. I’m sure she knew what I was thinking about. But she was never going to voice it.

“Okay, let’s see you do it.”

I was athletic. But my athleticism revolved around speed and power. Gracefulness and finesse took me some time. I clumsily attempted to mimic my sister’s moves.

“Okayyyyy. Wow. This is gonna take longer than I thought. Glad we had a big breakfast.”

I spent the next hour “perfecting” my craft. Mom and Maddy passed us a by a few times, getting on and off the lift, and skiing down the trails. Katie actually turned out to be quite a good teacher – when she wasn’t making fun of me. Finally, she allowed me to go down the hill.

“You’re doing so much better!” She exclaimed. “Time to test out your new skills.”

I began my descent down and everything felt different. I widened my turns and was going very slow, but I had so much more control. Katie skied alongside. It took me some time to reach the bottom at my pace, but, for the first time all weekend, I made it down unscathed.

“Finally!!!” I shouted out victoriously, once I reached the bottom. Katie smiled at me.

“See,” she said, simply.

We went down a few more times and, slowly but surely, I continued to advance. We met up with the others for lunch.

“How’s Drew doing?!” Maddy asked.

“Well…he’s not a total abomination today.” Katie said. I glowered at her. “Kidding! He’s actually doing quite well, only fallen once all day!”

“Nice!” My mom said enthusiastically. “I’m glad to hear that, Drew. It’s nice you two are finally getting along.”

Katie and looked at each other in silence.

“I want to see!” There wasn’t a twinge of jealousy from Maddy with regards to Katie being a better coach than her. She hadn’t the slightest hint that anything was “happening” between her older sister and me.

Katie, Maddy, and I squeezed onto the lift together after lunch. Our mom took an extended break. As the chair rattled up the mountain, my sisters saw me focusing on the bras and underwear scattered in the branches of the nearby trees.

“Hoes like to ski au natural after close. Mostly the staff, but some longtime members too. It’s like a countrywide thing,” Katie answered my unspoken question.

“Would you ever do that Katie?” Maddy asked.

“Would you?” Katie reflected.

“Oh no. No way. Mom would kill me!”

I laughed, awkwardly.

“I think I’d do it.”

Both of us looked at Katie.

“Only under the right circumstances though. You know. If the right people were there.” She quickly glanced my way before darting her eyes back to the trees.

We got off the lift and I picked up where I left off.

“Yeah Drew!” I heard Maddy behind me. She had learned to give me more distance compared to yesterday.

“You’re getting so good! I knew you’d be a quick learner,” Maddy said once we reached the bottom.

We did several more runs and my mom was also impressed by my rapidly improving skills.

“Jeeze, Katie, perhaps you should have become a teacher,” she said.

Katie beamed with pride. The day continued and I didn’t fall a single time in the afternoon. We went back to the lodge, relaxed, and ate dinner.

“I think I’m gonna get in the hot-tub tonight,” Maddy announced. The three of us looked at her. Our mom, with sternness.

“Can I?” She asked, timidly.

Mom thought about it for a bit, looking back and forth between Maddy and I.

“If your sister does too,” she finally said. “But I’m going to bed early, so keep quiet.”

“Well….Katie?”

“Oh yeah, what the heck. I could use it. My back’s killing me from carrying Drew’s lessons on it all day.” She joked.

“Ha. Ha.” I sarcastically laughed.

“Are you coming?” Katie asked.

Obviously

“Ummm…. sure,” I forced some indecision.

The three of us changed into our swimsuits. Katie and Maddy had towels wrapped around them. I went outside in only my trunks. The hot-tub was on our own private balcony. It overlooked the evergreen forest below.

“Whoah! It’s cold!”

“No shit,” Katie said quietly. Despite being out of school and in the work force, she still didn’t like our mom to hear her cursing.

I began pulling the cover off the tub, purposefully flexing my muscles as I did so. Katie and Maddy looked on.

“Is it heavy?” Katie asked.

“Nah. Not too bad. Here, it’s off,” I shivered as I pulled myself up and into the hot water. “Ahhhhhh. Much better.”

“Nice.”

Katie walked over and dropped the towel, revealing her athletic hourglass figure, encased in a scarlet bikini. Her hair was pulled into a high ponytail. Her skin held its olive shade, despite not receiving much sun exposure the past month. She stepped in, and sank herself down. Her round cleavage remained at water level.

“Mmmmm,” She looked up at the stars.

“Wait for me!” Maddy said.

She followed her older sister and dropped her own towel. She had on a navy bikini which contrasted nicely against her now-pale skin. She climbed into the tub.

“We really oughta get one of these at home,” Katie said.

“Yes!” Maddy agreed. “You can buy one, moneybags.”

“Well, I don’t think cost is the issue. I mean look at this place,” Katie motioned at the expensive lodge suite we were staying in. “There’s just nowhere to put it at home.”

“True,” Maddy said, disappointed. “But maybe one day!”

We chatted some more about our day, Mom, our condo, Maddy’s school. Anything and everything. The night became still, completely silent save for the weak sound of the water as we changed positions.

“Okay, Katie,” Maddy broke the tranquility, “now’s your time to show us how you’d handle your ‘skinny skiing’.”

“Huh?”

“You said you wanted to do it! Skiing naked!?”

“Oh. Uhhh...not sure you noticed this, but we’re 7 floors up on a balcony Mads.”

“Well, I don’t mean actually doing it. Just do a naked lap! Let’s see if you got what it takes.”

“Ha! Yeah, no. I’ll leave the naked stuff to you two.”

“Boooo!” Maddy and I said in unison.

Katie squinted her eyes at me and gave me a crooked smile.

“Why don’t you two do it, then?” She asked.

“I never said I would do it,” Maddy answered.

“Could you imagine if we did do it and mom woke up,” I added.

“And you don’t think she’d be mad at me?” Katie said. “Look, I don’t have NEAR enough alcohol in me to run around naked.”

“You don’t have any alcohol in you,” I corrected.

“Shut up. Just proving my point even more. Not happening. Why are you even trying to get me to do this anyway? That’s gross.”

Ohhhhhh Katie. She was just never going to admit it. That she enjoyed doing…whatever it is we were doing. That it was fun and exciting and she should fully release her inhibitions. But – with the exception of a few alcohol-fueled, way-too-fleeting instances – she wasn’t going to do it. And she certainly wasn’t going to do it in front of Maddy. And so, I played her game.

“You’re right, that’s disgusting,” I said simply. “Alright guys, I’m getting dizzy, I gotta get out of here.”

“No fun!” Maddy said, more so directed at Katie.

I got out of the hot tub and walked inside. I didn’t look back until I shut the door. Katie was turned toward me, a hurt look on her face. I showered, and fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow.


The last morning of our trip, Katie was eager to once again be my coach. But I was curious to see where things would go if I was more distant toward her.

“I think I got this today, thanks.”

“Okay,” was all she said.

We went our separate ways.

“Do you think Katie’s pissed about last night?” Maddy asked me, as the two of us rode the chair up to one of our last runs of the morning. “She hasn’t said much all day.”

“Why would she be pissed?”

“I don’t know. Maybe we were pushing too hard.”

“Please. You really think that’s all it takes to piss her off? She’s got thicker skin than that.”

“True.”

“She’s prolly just depressed this is our last day. Back to reality tomorrow. You know?”

“I don’t know. It started when you called her disgusting.” Maddy’s words hung in the air for a bit.

“I didn’t…I mean…. I wasn’t saying she was disgusting. I was saying the situation was.”

“The situation…hmmm…you mean, seeing her naked?”

“Ummm…yeah…I guess,” I walked right into Maddy’s trap. She gave me a knowing grin.

We did two more runs before our mom told us it was time to go. Maddy went over to grab our water bottles and other daily items from our locker. My mom, Katie, and I made our way back to the lodge. We changed into some comfortable clothing and prepared for the long drive home.

“Where’s your sister?” Mom asked, once we got to the car.

“Beats me, Drew was with her all day,” Katie responded coolly.

“Oh shoot. I forgot my boot bag. Drew, can you run up to the room and grab it real quick? Here’s the key,” Mom asked.

“Sure thing, be right back.”

I ran over to the elevator and rode it up to our 7th floor suite. I flashed the card in front of the reader, saw green, and swung the door open. I was greeted by my younger sister, who stood bare-butt-naked in the entry room.

“Ahhhhh!” She screamed.

“Woah!” I averted my eyes, at first.

“Oh Drew! You scared me!” She took a big sigh of relief.

“Sorry!”

“Is it just you?”

“Just me. Grabbing Mom’s boot bag.”

I shut the door and now looked at Maddy. She had both arms crossed over her boobs. Her lower half was uncovered, and she had her base layer trapped around her ankles. She made an instinctive motion to turn away, but thought better of it, and swung her hips back to face me. Her legs scissored back and forth for a second, before resting – no – thrusting her bottom half toward me. I realized why she did this, once I saw what was different from before.

Her vagina was now shaved clean, and she was proud to show it off. My eyes widened when I noticed it and she beamed at me.

Well?

Her facial expression said it all. It was the approval I needed to go ahead and ogle.

The natural light crept into the room from the windows, putting Maddy’s pale, pink pussy on display. Her mound was cute and puffy, similar to how I remembered her nipples. Her lips were engorged and welcoming, yet zipper-tight all the same. My God.

“Thought this was disgusting,” she muttered. She nodded at the tent that had formed in my sweatpants.

I remained at a loss for words. What was I supposed to say?

“Guess I’m not ‘Muff Maddy’ anymore.”

“I never called you that.”

“I know.”

A few more seconds passed as I continued to stare.

“Okay, enough!” She laughed, and dropped a hand over her kitty. “You better get out of here while I change. Here’s the boot bag.”
I saw it lying by the door.

“Right,” I said. I grabbed the bag and hurried back downstairs to the rest of my family.

“What took so long?” Katie asked.

“Ohhh…ummm…there were a bunch of people clogging up the elevator. Everyone’s checking out today.”

Katie looked at me with doubt. I’m sure my face was bright red. My mouth felt so dry.

“Did you find your sister by chance?” Mom asked.

“What? No!” I answered, a little too eagerly. “I mean, no. I’m not sure where she is.”

“You sure you didn’t see her? She had to go back to our room at some point to change,” Katie was too smart for her own good. Thankfully, she didn’t push the issue any further.

Maddy came strolling out about ten minutes later in her sweats.

“Sorry, the key guy was taking forever with our locker. Here’s the water bottles,” She said. “Awww man what a lazy Sunday. I’m gonna nap the whoooole ride home!”

I don’t think “lazy” is how I would have described it.



“Katie come on! If we miss the flight Mom’s gonna kill us!”

I shouted at my older sister who was finishing her packing. We were flying out of the city for the thanksgiving holiday. Maddy and our mom had already reached the destination, but Katie and I had to work, and were flying out a day later.

“Calm down dude. It’s like three hours till boarding.” She responded to me, not in any kind of a hurry.

“The roads and airport are going to be packed. Everyone’s rushing to travel this year because they couldn’t last year.”

“We’ll be fine.”

She finally began dragging her luggage down the stairs.

“Can you give me a hand Drew?” Katie pointed to another large bag left on the top floor.

“Jesus, Katie. We’re going for 5 days, do you really need that much?"

“Have you ever been to Kevin and Amira’s place? It’s the middle of bumfuck nowhere. Like an hour to the nearest gas station. If you forget something, good luck.”

“Think I’ll manage.”

Kevin was one of our cousins who was hosting the family for the extended weekend. His wife, Amira, was a young Indian woman. She was a physician, still in training. She got placed at a large Midwest medical center for residency, hence, why they lived where they did. I’d actually never met her, but she was very beautiful. At least, judging by the pictures I’d seen.

Katie and I called a ride and, just like I predicted, we sat in traffic for way too long. We were dropped off at the gate and the place was a zoo. Katie finally began showing some urgency.

“Oh shit, we actually are gonna have to hurry.” She said, surveying the airport.

I glared at her.

We got in line for security, and I was wishing I’d taken my mom’s advice and gotten TSA precheck. The line moved at a snail’s pace; the staff was going through the motions moving people through. Anxiety filled the crowd and people began jamming up against each other, trying to secure their spot.

“God, this bloooows.” Katie moaned. I could see some older dude brushing up against her loose fitting, grey sweatpants. She pulled her wavy brown hair over her shoulder to the front. I was fighting off a pair of obese women myself.

“Drew! Katie!” I heard a voice shout from the back of the line. I looked over my shoulder and saw Kyle standing there, a wide grin on his face.

“Oh, for fuck’s sake, the cherry on top,” Katie mumbled.

“Shut up,” I whispered, laughing. She rolled her eyes at me.

As the que snaked around, Kyle was able to get closer to us. He did a quick up and down of Katie. She looked at him blankly, probably happy to be wearing a hoody and sweat pants.

“Kyle!” She greeted him in a half-hearted manner, attempting to sound polite.

“What are the odds?!” He asked.

“Well, the entire fucking city is here, so pretty high.” Katie muttered to me. I laughed.

“Where you headed, bro?” I asked him.

“Out west, where my folks live. You guys?”

“Kansas.”

“Uggggh. That sounds lame. What’s out there?”

“Our cousin has this big old Victorian house in the middle of nowhere. He’s hosting a bunch of us for Thanksgiving.”

“Ahh. Guess that’s not too bad then. When’s your flight?”

“1:13.”

He looked at his phone. “Holy shit! Are you gonna make it?! Mine’s not till 3:35.”

“Well, congratulations Kyle!” Katie said with heavy sarcasm. He was taken aback.

“Don’t mind her. She’s just frustrated cause I was right. As usual.,” I said.

The line bent around again, putting some distance between us.

“Ugggh, that guy. Where’d you meet him anyway?” Katie asked.

“He plays basketball with us. He’s a good dude, just gets a bit awkward with girls around.”

“Yeah well, he’s like 20. Needs to grow out of that.”

“What did he say anyway? I don’t think it was that bad.”

“It’s not what he says. It’s how he looks at me. Like he’s constantly envisioning me without clothes.”

“I mean you did kiiiiinda give him a good look on Halloween.”

“I didn’t give him anything.”

“Well, who were you giving it to, then?” I loved playing dumb with her.

“What? Nobody! Amy did that.”

“Oh.” I said simply. She furrowed her brows at me.

“Hey! You two! Let’s go!” The security guy all of a sudden had some urgency now that it was our turn.

Katie and I had our tickets and IDs checked. We moved forward to the conveyor belt and put our bags, shoes, and electronics on it. I walked forward through the sensors without issue.

BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP

I turned around to see that Katie had set things off. Of course. We were never gonna make it.

A young, fat, security guy with a face full of acne asked her to stand still. He waved his wand over her.


BEEP BEEP BEEP

“Step aside Ma’am.” He said.

I again, glared at my sister, nodding my head. She shrugged. I went and grabbed our bags and put my shoes back on. I could see some dads and moms with their kids behind us, looking at Katie with annoyance.

“Alright here’s the deal,” the security guy came back over to us. “I’m gonna have to do a pat-down search. We can do it here, or at the office.”

“Dude, our flight is boarding now. We need to get on it.” Katie said.

“I’m sorry, I can’t let you on until you’re cleared.”

“Cleared from what?! What could I possibly be hiding under this?”

“I don’t know. Which is why I have to find out.”

“Okay fine,” Katie looked around at all the people watching her. “Where’s this office?”

“It’s all the way by gate 27.”

“What! No way!” She again looked at the mob of people. “Whatever let’s just do it here and get it over with.”

“Okay, step over here. We do have a privacy curtain.” He began leading her away. “Okay ma’am, for both of our protection, I need a witness to monitor. It may take me a second to find another staff member,” he indicated at the mayhem around us. “Do you have someone who can act as the witness.”

Katie looked at me. Of course, she wasn’t going to seem eager about this. I glanced around, acting like I was minding my own business.

“Ummm Drew.” She said timidly. “I think….I mean…we’re in a hurry. I don’t think we should wait around….”

“That’s fine, I can do it.” I said, as reluctantly as I could manage.

“Okay. Alright, yeah whatever. C’mon let’s go.”

The security guard pulled both of us behind the black curtain. He pulled it around to cover us.

“Okay, ma’am I’m gonna need to you to remove your sweatshirt.”

“Okay…” Katie said nervously. She lifted her old college hoodie up and over her head. She was wearing a white camisole underneath.

“I’m sorry, the shirt will need to come off as well,” he said.

“Ugh. Fine.” Katie lifted the shirt off revealing a hot-pink bra. Her tits were pushed up in magnificent fashion. Even the guard looked astounded. Katie quickly looked at me and looked away.

“Okay, you can either remove the bra for a quick check, or I can do it with it still on, but I’ll have to feel around.”

“Ummmm,” Katie again looked at me uncertainly. “Well, I guess let’s just….I don’t know….Can I just leave it on then?”

Damn. Why was she always so guarded about her boobs? Maybe they’re really weird looking or something.

I did my best to not show my disappointment.

“Sure.” The security guy pulled on her breasts and waved his wand. Katie looked super uncomfortable as he groped around. I never got to see much. “Okay,” he finally said. “You’re good on that half. Can you please remove your pants now?”

Katie sighed with awkwardness. She pulled the drawstring of her sweatpants and untied them. They fell briskly to her ankles, and her matching bikini-cut underwear was now on show. I could see the guard struggling to maintain professionalism. He moved hungrily to Katie’s panties, eager to cop some more feels…

“Wait!” Katie stopped him. “…Can I just take them down? I don’t want another search.”

“That’s fine, the guard said, unhappily. “Go ahead.” He stepped back, watching and waiting.

Katie looked at me. I could see she was fighting some internal battle. “Okay…Drew…can you look away? She asked. There was bit of regret in her voice.

“I’m sorry, he needs to watch, or it defeats the purpose of a witness.” The guard replied.

“Oh, okay!” Katie said, a bit too cheerfully. “Okay then, here.”

She hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her underwear and slid them all the way down to her knees.

“Oh,” I let out a stupid gasp as Katie, just like her sister, had switched things up on me.

She was now the one with a bush. Though, it wasn’t near as full as Maddy’s had been. Her wispy brown pubes scattered over her vagina and clearly hadn’t been there in some time. When I gasped, she looked at me with embarrassment and tried to cover her hairy privates.

“Sorry, ma’am please drop your hands to your sides.”

Katie reluctantly obliged.

“What are you guys doing back here?!” Kyle’s familiar voice suddenly boomed into the curtain.

But he didn’t wait for a response. He tore open the curtain, and Katie’s nearly-nude body was exposed to all the annoyed onlookers! Except the dads were no longer annoyed. Christmas had come early for them and they feasted on my sister’s fun, patchy bush.

“OHMYGOD!” Katie squealed and bent over to grab her panties. She grabbed them, and then bent the rest of the way down to retrieve her sweats. This put her cooch on show for a few more seconds as the wives attempted to shield their husband’s eyes in disgust.

“What the fuck, Kyle?!” Katie shouted at my friend.

“What? I didn’t know what was going on?! Why are you back here flashing your snizz at him again?!” He pointed at me.

“Fuck YOU dude! And Fuck YOU too!” Katie turned to the guard. She picked up her camisole and hoodie and ferociously threw them over her head. She took her bag and stormed off toward our gate, not even bothering to hear if she was cleared.

I gave a disappointed stare toward the guard and hurried after her. He looked pretty shook from the whole event and was probably going to get in a decent amount of trouble. Who knows what was going to happen to Kyle.

Katie and I made it to our gate as the plane was finishing boarding. Our mom had booked first class tickets for us and we skipped the few people left in line. Katie snuck into the window seat and put her headphones on. She didn’t even look at me.

A few stragglers rushed to board after us, and unfortunately, they had clearly been spectators to Katie’s exposure. The men smiled at her and one even winked as he walked slowly to the back. The women glared with anger at Katie. In their minds, this was all her fault. Simply for being hot. Katie shot them all a repulsed look back, before pulling her hood over her head and turning toward the window.

It took about an hour or so before she broke the silence.

“Did you tell Kyle I was flashing you at Halloween?”

“Huh? No, he’s an idiot.” I said quickly. Glad to be free of the tension.

“Then why did he say that?” She asked.

“I don’t know. He said something that night too. I guess maybe it looked that way to him.”

“Oh…” She didn’t seem convinced.

“I mean the kid never gets attention from girls and always gets pissed about it. He’s somehow convinced himself that all women are out to humiliate him. So, I guess the notion that you would rather ‘flash’ –” I made air quotes to seem as satirical as possible “– your own brother, before flashing him goes in line with his normal thought process.”

Katie gave a half smirk and rolled her eyes. She seemed to buy this explanation. We both sat there thinking a little longer before I accidentally let out a little chuckle.

“What?” Katie turned to me.

“Sorry, just couldn’t help but think. After ALL that ‘Muff Maddy’ shit…”

She wrinkled her brow at me and gave a fake laugh. “Shut up.”

“Just saying,” I had a big, dumb smirk on my face.

“Why were you looking anyway?! Perv.” She tried her best to sound irritated, but I knew her game well by now.

“The guard made me.”

“The guard made me.” Katie repeated in a high-pitched, mocking tone. But she actually had a smile spread across her face. I faced forward, shaking my head. I didn’t say anything for about thirty seconds.

“It’s just…” Katie began, in an uncharacteristically shy manner, “I thought it was like, you know, the new ‘in’ thing or something. I mean we all saw the way you reacted to hers.

Yeah, and you should’ve seen the way I reacted to it in its new state…

“Can we stop talking about this?” I asked.

“YES!” Katie said. We both laughed.

Our conversation shifted to other topics as the plan began its descent down to our destination. Once it landed, we both quickly grabbed our luggage and got off. We walked to the arrival platform where Maddy, our mom, and cousin Kevin greeted us.

“Hey guys!” Maddy shouted excitedly.

“Nice to see you guys.” Kevin greeted us warmly. “It’s been too long. How was your flight?”

“Ummm” Katie and I looked at each other.

“Uneventful.” I lied.





