Gym Class
By: 69yolanda69

We were in San Francisco and found this sport wear shop that had workout clothes from around the world. Some of them were super erotic and bought some. the one I like is a super low rise capri. Its made of supplex/lycra that has a seam from front to back so that it fits like a glove. I mean I had to pull hard to get it above my clit and the seam got lost in the folds of my labia and the crack of my ass. Talk about a camel toe. I bought a white, light brown and red. I also bought several loose yoga blouses, the ones with huge arm holes that come down about half way from breast to naval and are meant to be worn with a sport bra. Rubio pointed out that if one looks very hard, the capri’s are transparent, especially if you bend over all the world is there to see. They leave nothing to the imagination.

The other morning I got dressed to go for a workout and decided to wear my new outfits. I selected the white capri. It was tight getting into it. The seam split my labia and went up inside me and I could feel it rubbing against my ass hole. Jezz, I was getting excited just walking around. It actually came about 2” above my clit hood. I threw on a black yoga blouse and decided to skip the sport bra. Put on my tennis shoes and head band and was ready to go. Rubio came in and I saw her jaw drop. She said “your gonna be arrested, I can count the freckles on your pussy”. We laughed. She said “that is the hottest thing I have seen” and she came over and kissed me while running her hand between my legs. I could feel I was getting wet and ask Rubio if she could tell. She backed up, looked and said “yes I can tell your wet” and we both laughed. I decided not to put on a thong and let things be as they will be. Off to the gym.

First stop was the 7-11 to get a bottle of water. There was a guy at the beverage cooler just looking for something. I opened the door down from him and stooped over with my ass toward him to get a bottle of water. Looking between my legs I could see him looking at me and his mouth opened...I know he could see my pussy and ass hole thru the pants. I spread my legs a bit and bent way over so that the blouse was open and he could see the bottom of my breasts and nipples. I stood up, turned toward him and looked as if I was reading the label on the bottle. My camel toe stood out proudly and moist. I looked past the bottle and saw him rearranging the contents of his crouch. A hard on was evident. I turned toward the shelf to my right and reached for an energy bar which opened up my blouse and have him a great view of my breasts. I walked toward him and said ”excuse me, do you happen to know what this ingredient is” and pointed to something on the bar. I was wearing Shilamar perfume and I could hear him inhale. It was a while before he answered “no” and sounded out of breath. I giggled a little, placed my hand on his left breast and squeezed a little and said “thanks anyway” and walked down the isle. I could see thru those mirrors they have hung above the isles that he was staring at me and rubbing his hard on so I stopped and stooped over to look at an item on the bottom shelf, giving him one last look at my pussy and breasts.
Bet he went to the car and jacked off!

Went to the check out and there was a very attractive asian girl checking people out. Seems I was the last one in the store at the time. She said “I love your outfit, where did you get it” and I told her. She said “what is it made of, I looks so smooth and Hot”. I told her and ask if she would like to feel the texture, she said yes and moved around from behind the counter. She felt the bottom of my blouse and then ran her hand along the side of my leg commenting “that feels so cool, whats it feel like to wear”. I took her hand and placed it on my crouch, forcing her finger inside me and said “just like that”. She was close to me so I grabbed her breast, pulled her to me and kissed her. She pulled away and said “OMG”...she stuttered a bit and said “I would like to know you better, can I have a way to contact you. We exchanged numbers and more on that at another time.

Leaving the store, I was very horny but could not do anything about it at the time so went on to the gym. I decided to work my legs and started with the leg bench press. Amazing how many passed by me to get a look at my crouch while I was pressing the weights. My crouch was getting wet from sweat and was becoming more transparent. At the leg lifts, I got a bad cramp in my thigh and screamed. The trainer came over and ask what was wrong and I told him. He suggested some stretching and helped me over to the mat. He bent my leg up and down and pulled my foot upward all the time massaging my thigh. My foot was in his crouch as he was massaging my thigh and I could feel his hard on. My pants were soaking wet with sweat and transparent. What the hell, I started to shake my food and ankle, like I was having a tremor or something. He was looking at my crouch and my blouse had slipped up over my breast. I heard him utter something like ughhhh and felt him tense up. I could tell he came. I said my leg felt ok and he stood up and I could see the wet spot in his pants.

So much for gym class. I could never get a work out dressed like this. I decided to go home and stopped at the grocery store to pick up dinner and wine. Through the produce section, I attracted a few lerkers, mostly old guys. One guy got smacked by his wife when she caught him looking at me. Picked up a couple bottles of a good Riesling and a young girl about 25 ask me for advice on a good red wine. Chatting for a few minutes, she couldn’t keep her eyes off my camel toe and breasts. At times she seemed to be a little out of breath. She finally ask where I got the clothes. She said she liked how they fit and told me I had a great body. I said thanks and kissed her on the cheek acting very cheerful. She seemed embarrassed and blushed a little. I ask her what was wrong and she said she did not expect the kiss and it felt good. I laughed and said we should get together some time for a drink. She said “cool, anytime”. I told her I was finished shopping and did not have anything perishable if she wanted to go to Chances for a drink and ask me where it was. I told her it was on lower Westheimer only two blocks away.

Entering Chances, we sat at the bar and ordered Margaritas. She commented that it was strange as no men were in the bar. I told her it was a lesbian bar and she said she was not aware there were any. She asked if I was a lesbian and I said yes and that I was married to my gf of many years. She admitted she was in the closet. She said when she saw me all she wanted to do was feel me up and eat me. She said she got so hot it was unbearable. I said “so, do you still want to, go ahead I don’t mind”. She said “here”. I pulled her head to me and kissed her while I felt her breast. She was a “C” cup and very firm. She was wearing a sport shirt, sport bra and short pleated skirt as the was going home from a tennis lesson. Her nipples were very hard and long. I said “this is a lez joint and about anything goes and the other girls here will get a kick out of the show, think nothing of it”. I said “lets move to a booth” and went to one in the back corner where there was not much light. Willie was singing the blues on the Jute Box and I said “lets dance”

On the dance floor I held her tight and placed my hands on her ass. It was nice and firm and I squeezed and ran my hand all over it. She slid her hands thru the arm slits and fondled both my breasts and said “jezz, so nice and so beautiful”, I said “thanks, your ass is unbelievable and your breast is so firm and nice”. She said “won’t your gf get mad if she found out”. My reply was “if she were here she would join in the fun, in fact when I get home and tell her what happened, she will want to have you over to meet you”. She giggled and slid her hand around to my pussy saying “I’ve wanted to feel this....OMG you are so wet and feel so great”. I said, “lets go back to the booth”.

Back to the booth we ordered more margaritas and when the waitress brought them she said “I won’t be back till you whistle”, winked and left. Thats the way it is here, they know and won’t bother.

We both took a sip and she leaned over and kissed me, mouth open and intertwined. I was savoring the warm juices in her mouth and marveled at the softness of her lips. I slipped her shirt and bra over her head (as a sport bra doesn’t unhook) and put her shirt back on. Next I pulled her panties off and took off my capri pants. Being in a booth, anyone looking this way, if they could see us in the dark, would assume we had clothes on. 

I laid her back in the booth, raised her shirt and started sucking on her nipples. She said “I have to tell you that I have never done this before”. Thats the last thing she said except for the moans. Running my tongue and lips down her stomach, she groaned and twisted side to side. I lifted one leg placing it on the table, the other I put on the back of the booth. I started licking the inside of both thighs, going back and forth up to the perineum which I sucked on. the juices were flowing down the perineum to her ass. I placed my tongue at the top of her asshole and licked upward thru the perineum to the botom of her pussy. I did this several times licking up all the juices. Once I stopped and ran my tongue up her ass, in and out several times to the moans and groans from her

I shifted and began sucking and licking around her mound, she was thrusting and grinding against me. I slipped down and took her clit in my mouth, pushing back the hood with my tongue, I sucked hard and flicked my tongue back and forth. Her juices were flowing unbelievable and suddenly she began shaking and moaned loudly as she came. I continued to lick up the juices, sucking them up as I moved up and down her libya. Her thighs began to shake and I knew she was ready to cum again. I inserted two fingers into her and began to fuck her...delicately while rubbing her clit with the thumb of the same hand. I continued to fuck her and lick up her juices when I found the spot. Felt kind of like surface of a sponge and it began to swell. I began massaging it in a circular fashion and went back to her clit...she exploded...she squirted all over my face and the booth....and I might add, screamed. I licked up her juices as best as I could and used the napkin from the table.

She was breathing hard when she pushed me down and began go suck on my nipples and groaning. Her hands were all over me, so anxious and so hot. She reached my clit and started to suck and flick her tongue over it. I was so hot I couldn’t wait and exploded from all the excitement. She spent lots of time licking up my juices and leaned against me and said “you taste so good and that was my first time, what an experience, thank you”.

We put our clothes back on, straightened up and left.
