Koversada
by uknudistcouple ©

Julie and I had been travelling up through Yugoslavia from Greece on our way through Italy France and then on to Spain just visiting friends and hanging out on beaches. We had enjoyed being naked on the beaches in Greece when I read in the Rough Guide to Yugoslavia about Koversada a naturist resort with shops and clubs, I suggested to Julie that we had a few days to spare and it could be a fun experience.

We arrived at Koversada late afternoon and booked in for three nights we were shown a pretty basic chalet with a balcony. Julie looked a little apprehensive at first but agreed to stay.

We unpacked our bags removed our clothes and went out onto the balcony It was our first experience of being nude in public other than on a beach, I was very excited and couldn't wait to walk down to the beach,

We walked down through a small shopping / Café area and then down to the sea. The coast is rocky here so large areas are paved on the rocks to allow sun bathing. We had to find a spot to lie down as it was quite crowded how people say naturism is not about sex beats me, all around were naked women lying with their cunts on show. We sat for a while talking about being so close to other naked people normally on a beach sunbathers keep a discreet distance.

It was here that I saw my first shaved pussy, A girl and her boyfriend just casually walked past, "Did you see that?" I asked Julie, she didn't say much, I could tell that she was still getting used to the Idea of staying here for a few days.

As we had arrived late afternoon we didn't spend long at the beach and we headed back to the shops to pick up some food. We walked into the supermarket and were surprised to see most people had some clothes on or a towel around them. Watching my wife bend over to pick up things was very erotic and I decided to follow from a distance and I watched other men manoeuvre behind her to get a good look as she bent over. By the way Julie is in her thirties with 36D tits and a fine ass.

When she came to the checkout her pussy was at eye level with the man on the checkout and although she didn't shave she did keep her pussy what I call trim so her lips were very visible. 

We made our way back to our Chalet and I opened the bottle of red wine that we had purchased and sat on the balcony to drink it. We talked about the resort and Julie decided that it would be fun to see if she could remain totally naked until we left in two days time. 

From our balcony we watched people heading down to the village for dinner they were all clothed, so I put on some shorts and a T-Shirt but Julie said that it was her aim to remain naked and as it was warm she would just wear her shoes and take a Pareo to sit on. So we walked down to the restaurants. I was amazed how people began to look at Julie. During the day everyone was naked but in the evening it drew glances. We went into a bar that was quite crowded I amazed at my wife from being apprehensive at the whole nudist Idea here she was completely naked at a crowded bar with people looking at her. Well, we had a meal and then went for a walk down to the water where there are some concrete tables and benches by this time I couldn't keep my hands of Julie here I was clothed and her stark naked, I remember leaning back resting on the table when Julie started to kiss me saying that with the wine and being watched by so many people she was felling very sexy, My cock was so hard by this time it was painful, the occasional couple or individual walked by but by this time my cock needed some relief.

I undid my belt and unzipped my shorts Julie grabbed my cock and was pushing it against her cunt, one or two people were walking past but it was dark and while it was obvious what we were doing they didn't take too much notice. Having been so excited for so long I came far to quickly covering Julies stomach with cum. Julie laughed an suggested that we headed back to the chalet so that I could fuck her properly.

We called into the supermarket again to pick up some toothpaste this time a younger guy was on the till and I went to stand the other side of the checkout behind him so that I could see Julie's pussy from his angle. As Julie queued up I could see that her pubic area still had traces of my cum all over it, I couldn't see the cashiers face but he couldn't have missed it.

When we got outside I told Julie that he would have seen her cunt covered in cum.

It was dark when we got back to our chalet but it was still warm so we sat on the balcony and talked about the day. I told Julie that I was amazed that she went naked in the shops and restaurants and asked her if she had found it sexy, She said that she had found it very liberating and very sexual she could not believe that someone else had seen her cunt with my cum on it.

We moved back in to the bedroom and I started to lick her nipples a sure way to get her cunt wet or wetter in this instance I then tentatively suggested that I would like to fuck her on the balcony. We went outside and Julie lent over the balcony rail I knelt down and started to suck her pussy lips from behind then moving up I reached round the front to pinch her nipples eventually slipping my cock in her from behind. By this time Julie was so wet it was dripping down her legs, I couldn't believe how much she was enjoying being fucked outside. She started to moan loudly and I quickly put my hand over her mouth to stifle the noise so as not to wake the neighbours.

What an end to a great day and there was tomorrow to go. Koversada started our naturist adventures. Perhaps we will write about our trips to Naturist resorts in Corsica and Montalivet next. 
