How I started sleeping naked out of my own bed

I always sleep naked, regardless of where I am. I have since I was about 13 or so. My first ever nude sleepover was when I was a sophomore in high school. My best friend invited me and another friend of ours to her house to stay the night. At the time, I wasn't too comfortable sleeping naked somewhere besides my own house, let alone with other people. But I felt comfortable around my friends, so I figured that I should just tell them how I really slept, and go with the flow. However, when it got late, I found myself REALLY nervous and hesitant to tell them. So... I changed plans. I now thought I would just hop inside my sleeping bag, strip off in there and hope none of them would notice. 

Well, it was around midnight, and my friend's mom was asleep. We all decided to play truth or dare. At first we just did the stereotypical stupid-teenage girl things, like if we picked truth, it was usually about a boy we liked, or if we picked dare, dare something easy. For example, for one I dared my friend to go get me a sandwich. For another she dared me to kiss my friend but that, again, wasn't really anything. I really wanted to, anyhow. I liked them both. At one point, however, it was my turn and my friend said she had a good dare for me. I picked dare, of course, curious to see what it was. She dared me to take off my shirt and pants so that I was sitting there in just my underwear. Well, I figured it would bring me closer to being naked, so I thought, why not? I took 'em off and tossed 'em aside. The three of us both were now laughing and the game continued on. Now we knew some of us would go farther, and better dares could happen. So, eventually my other 2 friends were in only their underclothing, too, as well. We were about ready to go to bed, when my best friend said, "Please Janie, one more dare." I was tired but reluctantly agreed, after all it was a sleepover. She dared me to get completely naked, give her my clothes, and let her lock them in her closest until morning. I was shocked, but very excited at the same time. I was relieved at what she had said, since I REALLY wanted to sleep nude anyway. I wanted them to see my nude body so badly, and the fact that I had shaved myself QUITE nude, there. OMG most of us had just gotten hair, and now mine was all gone!!! I acted coy as I took my underclothes off, and teasing a little bit, since it was the first time my friends would see me nude. First my little boy short, then my camisole top. I pretended to be shy, cupping my sex. I played it as if I was more embarrassed by my flat chest; they were both more endowed in than area than me. 

That I actually did it surprised them both, and they applauded me, smiling and giggling. I gave my friend my clothes to lock up 'til morning. I felt such a rush; I was soo wet. They must have noticed. They asked me to stand up and turnaround so they all could get a good look at "my body." Haha I think they meant my pussy, since I was bare. When I did that, my best friend smacked my ass. Owweee!!! I loved it. 

Well, being naked in a room with my friends was great and all, but then I thought maybe I could make it be better. They could be naked, too. (Secretly, I wanted to see them, and touch them the same way they had seen and touched me, too.) So, I dared my friend to do the same thing as me. She did it, and faster than I did, actually. She laughed, but then she confessed that she had hoped this would happen. She wanted to sleep nude because she loved to be naked and didn't wanna just strip in front of us, since that would be rude. She thought I would do it all along. I laughed and told her I basically had the same problem, and we both felt much closer to each other than ever before. Our other friend called us weird, though. We must of scared her. We looked at each other, smiled, and responded by pinning her down and taking her clothes off, too! Haha, delicious. She was mad at first, but went with it once she was bare as well. 

So together the 3 of us were nude, sitting on my friend's floor looking at each others bodies. We compared ourselves, our sexual features. They asked me a million questions about my pussy, and how I started, and whether my mom knew, and ... and.... I was in heaven. It wasn't enough, though. Tiptoeing past her mom's room, we sneaked downstairs and we hung out nude in her kitchen making some snacks. It was so ridiculously exhilarating for me. None of us slept a bit that night anyway, and in the morning we begrudgingly got dressed, but only when my friend's mom called us down for breakfast. But we had our little nude secret to giggle about at the table while we were eating. 

Since then, I've been to many nude sleepovers. Once at a friend's house where we all slept in the same bed -- it was too hot to be dressed. One was at my house where we all hung out naked by my pool almost the whole night. (My brother spied on us.) We didn't feel like putting our bikinis back on afterwards. There were many others. I've even been to/held some that even required removing attire once it became a certain hour. To sum it up, everything is more fun naked, even if you're just sitting around talking to friends. 

luv