Boondoggle
by Imaginative1Â©


As I came round the corner I saw her standing in her cubicle working at her 
computer. Cute as ever, with blond hair down to her shoulders and the trim tight 
body. She was my communications specialist that I'd hired directly after 
graduation. At only 23 she had naïveté and yet under the surface she oozed sex appeal. As I walked towards her I smiled in anticipation of the next few 
moments.

"Hi kid! How was your weekend?"

"Well hi yourself. I had a great time we went and saw some new bands in the 
city. We stayed up too late and I'm exhausted." And then she gave a great 
stretch, leaning back having her hands behind her. It thrust her small breasts 
forward pushing them tightly against her white linen shirt. I could clearly see 
the outline of her push up bra and the curve of her breasts. She didn't seem to 
mind as my eyes moved over her body. I'd learned that as long as no one else was 
around she always gave me a little show.

"Well good for you, you've been working hard and should get out and have some 
fun. When I was your age we were out having fun almost every night. Closing bars 
and raising hell."

Now as she leaned to her right her blouse pulled away from her jeans exposing 
the edge of her hip and her flat abdomen. And through the gap in her blouse I 
could see the full swell of her breast and just barely the edge of her nipple. 
She smiled as she straightened up. "My friends and I don't get into that much 
trouble. I'm usually home early in bed the first to leave the party. Except 
Saturday night I made some margaritas that were too strong and got a little 
buzzed. Before I knew it was 3 AM."

"Okay, when you get a chance I like to see in my office to talk about my trip 
down south. I want to hear your ideas on how to improve communication between 
their office and ours."

"I'll come by around one o'clock." And then she clasped both hands over her head 
and another stretch 

I smiled to myself as I enjoyed the view of her tight abs from her belly button 
down 4 inches to her tight jeans. I gradually looked back up her body and 
eventually ended up staring into her eyes. "You are such a tease!" And I turned 
and walked towards my office.

Promptly at one o'clock she was at my office door. Her blouse was tucked back in 
her jeans but two more buttons were undone. She sat in the chair on the left 
side of my desk and handed me several pages of her thoughts on the trip. As I 
was reading ideas I noticed she crossed her legs and her high heel was loosely 
dangling on her foot.As I read her notes I tried not to stare at her cleavage.

"These are great ideas. I like them."

"Good, then maybe I should fly down there with you and explain them to the 
team!" She was always trying to work some kind of boondoggle out of me. I 
suppressed a smile as I thought to myself "Gotcha!" She probably didn't think 
I'd go for it.

"You know it's a two-day meeting. Are you sure this won't delay your other 
work?"

I could see the little gears working as she quickly worked out how she could get 
it all done and go to the boondoggle as well. "Yes sir, I am certain I can get 
it all done."

"Okay, then we are on. Here's my itinerary, book your flight and a room at the 
hotel."

I noticed she took a quick breath, apparently she'd been holding it, but she had 
gotten what she wanted. She got up and walked to the door and turned and said "I 
am not a tease. I just like to show off sometimes."

"Well then, while we're there if you bring a little black dress I'll take you 
somewhere very fancy for dinner. I think I'd like to show you off, you're really 
beautiful eye candy."

She blushed and has she turned and went out the door I heard her say "Mmm, eye 
candy!"

After arranging for her trip she left work early and was still thinking about 
being "Eye Candy" when she got home. She was keyed up and decided a long run 
would do her good.

She quickly stripped down to just her thong.her nipples were still aroused and 
hard. She looked at her body in the full length mirror and turned around slowly 
to see every side. Smiling she ran her hands over the flawless curves. No 
cellulite here only a young healthy body. Gently stroking her breasts she 
pinched her nipples sending a shudder through her pussy, 

"Oh no you don't! Let's go running." She grabbed her favorite Dolphin running 
shorts and sports bra. The shorts were tight and the white sports bra was barely 
hiding the color of her nipples. Then on a whim she rolled down the top of her 
shorts to just above her panties.

She ran for several miles working up a delicious sweat. Then she stopped at the 
creamery for an cold ice cream. As she waited in line she became aware of the 
man ahead of her undressing her with his eyes. 

She shivered as the AC was evaporating the sweat off her body and realized her 
nipples and panties were clearly visible through the soaked running gear. Since 
it was just the man and the guy behind the counter she decided to stretch as she 
waited. Both the man and the counter guy were struggling to contain themselves 
as she arched her body. By the time she left both guys were sporting visible 
erections. 

When she ran back home it was all she could do to strip out of her clothes and 
fall on the bed pleasuring herself. She stroked her breasts and the inside of 
her thighs. Finally slipping her fingers between the lips of her vagina and 
diving into her pussy. She stroked them back and forth while rubbing her clit 
and pinching her nipples. 

Her body was soaring but she couldn't get herself off. Rolling to her side she 
reached into the nightstand and pulled out her "Love Wand" a penis shaped silver 
vibrator. 

She turned it up and finally reached the desired stimulation for the needed 
orgasm. As she came she cried out "I'm not a tease! I'm not a tease! Awww God I 
am!, Oh yes I AM!"

As she collapsed on the bed with every muscle of her body relaxing all she could 
think about was "What should wear tomorrow? I'm going to really show him how 
much Eye Candy I can be!" She was feeling very sexy right now and didn't want to 
ever stop feeling that way. 

 
Boondoggle Ch. 02 

She awoke the next morning feeling a tingling all over her body. Her mind was 
awash in the possibilities of a new lifestyle. She had learned early on that she 
could get her way by using her looks, her personality and her body.

Her slim and trim physique accentuated by leaving a few buttons undone or 
stretching in the right way could turn almost any man's eye toward her. She had 
loved the sexual stimulation she felt whenever she knew she had turned a man on. 
It was a satisfaction of personal power that almost rivaled having sex. Sometime 
the hunt was better than the end.

But what happened yesterday at the office, then on her run and then at the ice 
cream parlor had taken her to a new level of arousal. Never had she felt such 
intensity during any orgasm.

"Eye Candy" she sighed. She then ran her hands over her nude body as she lay in 
bed. Everywhere she touched seemed to be more sensitive than the previous spots. 
As she fondled her petite breasts and her finger began to stroke her clit she 
felt her passions rise.

Suddenly she stopped and smiled to herself.

"Honey, today you're going to redefine eye candy! I'm going to make him beg for 
it." 

She quickly slipped out of bed and jumped into the shower. After drying herself 
and applying her favorite body lotions she stood in front of her closet. Looking 
down with two rows of hangers she thought "What will really drive him crazy?" 
She walked into the closet and began holding the different outfits against her 
naked body. And then she saw the beige silk business suit. She held it against 
her and looked at her image in the mirror. The mini skirt ended about mid thigh 
and the jacket was just slightly short of that.

She quickly stepped to her dresser and opened the drawer that held her sexiest 
lingerie. The ones she only work at home for her husband. There in the back she 
found what she was looking for. The white tiny heart-shaped satin thong and the 
shelf bra that would leave for nipples exposed. She slipped on the thong and 
loved the way it felt against her pussy and how the back slipped so neatly 
between the cheeks of her tight ass. She enjoyed the same level of stimulation 
as she slipped on the bra and admired her own aroused nipples were poking beyond its confines.

She nervously applied her makeup, brushed her long hair and then dabbed her 
favorite perfume on her neck, between her breasts, along the inside of her arms 
and thighs and then with a smile underneath her thong.

She slipped into pink silk wrap around blouse with a deep plunging neckline 
capable of revealing as much cleavage as she might want anytime today. Finally 
she slipped on the business suit and found a pair of four inch pink slingback 
high heels.

As she was admiring herself in the mirror she chose a long string of pearls that 
hung down between her breasts. And put on the matching pearl earrings.

She noticed the time realizing she had to run to catch the flight.

At the airport she knew she was getting a lot of special attention from the TSA 
guards. As she hurried to her gate she enjoyed the looks she was getting from 
the business men. 

She slowed down just before her gate and took a little more time as she swung 
her hips subtly walking towards him. She took care to have each foot step land 
slightly inward of her natural stride, giving her hips a very suggestive sway.

He looked up and she saw the surprise in his eyes. She locked on his eyes and 
was very deliberate in the directness of her path towards him. She knew she had 
him under control when she glanced at his crotch and saw the obvious signs of 
his arousal.

"Hi, I didn't think you're going to make it. I thought you were going to back 
out."

"No, I just took a little extra time getting ready. I wanted you to appreciate 
the Eye Candy!" And then she leaned into him and gave him a kiss on the cheek, 
and smiled wickedly.

Before he could even say anything their row was called for boarding. When they 
found their row on the plane she asked "Would you mind if I sat near the window? 
Actually I think you'll appreciate the view more that way!" She took her time 
sliding in front of him with her ass gently rubbing against his crotch. As she 
sat down she didn't make any attempt to keep her skirt from sliding up. It was 
only inches from exposing her panties.

He set down next to her and his eyes had a tough time moving off of her skirt 
until she undid her jacket exposing her cleavage.

"Well!" she said, "Do you like it? I wore it for you, like you said you wanted 
some Eye Candy on this trip." 

He was struck speechless, and his jaw dropped when she took his hand and placed 
it on her thigh saying "I hope you plan to do more than just look?"









 

