The Video Gamer's Sex Stories
Volume 20: Final Fantasy 6 - Slam Shuffle
Rating:    NC-17
Pairings:  Relm/Gau, young
Summary:   Gau and Relm have a good time in the woods outside Thamasa


    "Grandpa, do you mind if we go into the forest for a little while?" 
Relm asked her elderly guardian, eyes shining with the usual carefree 
insouciance.

    Strago smiled back, knowing she deserved no less than a good 
playtime. After such a harrowing experience in the Esper Cave, even to 
the point of engaging on combat, he knew well that the most important 
thing right now would be to let the little one get back to being a kid. 
That strange boy from the Veldt had befriended his granddaughter rather 
quickly, having no one else his own age to play with. As such, there 
was really no reason to deny the request -- both had more than proven 
themselves capable of fending off a Chimera or two.

    "Fine, fine..." he waved her off with his cane, waiting for Relm to 
cease cheering aloud before continuing. "Just be back before sundown." 
Actually, Strago rather welcomed the idea of the little ones busying 
themselves for the time being. He had talked quite a bit with Locke 
since the two met, and had decided that the truce between men and 
Espers was good enough a reason to crack open a good bottle of Doman 
whiskey.

    "And you..." he cautioned the pre-adolescent standing behind his 
girl. "Take good care of her!"

    "Gau will!" the wild boy replied, furiously nodding his head. Relm 
giggled at the display and grabbed his arm, hurriedly carting the two 
off them off into Thamasa's woods under a warm afternoon sun.

***

    Although he could have easily broken free, Gau allowed himself to 
be dragged deeper under the trees as his new companion trudged onward. 
"Just a little bit further..." she urged repeatedly, pointing ahead to 
a small clearing where the tall boughs gave way to long grasses.

    It was a long walk, well near the water's edge on the other side of 
the small island, and the children tired easily after their exhausting 
day. Their brisk pace quickly degraded into an amble, only hastening 
momentarily when a meandering brook came into view.

    A look of sated relief on his face, the feral youth bent over and 
immediately dunked his head into its cool depths, drinking in great 
gulps of water. Relm grinned endearingly as she watched him satisfy his 
thirst, then leaned out herself and cupped some water into her parched 
mouth. The two stayed there for some time, resting peacefully under the 
expansive eaves before continuing across.

    Relm went ahead first, slipping off her shoes and carrying them 
across. Gau followed suit exactly, wanting to impress her by a show of 
unusual civility. After drying their feet off, the youngsters continued 
on barefoot, enjoying the feel of the soft ground on their soles. 

    "So this is where I come to practice my sketching." she announced 
reverently as they finally entered the secluded glade. "It's so calm 
and peaceful here. Sometimes the animals will come out and let me draw 
them - they're very friendly when no monsters are around.

    Gau flexed his arms overhead, letting out a quiet roar at the 
remark and hinting he was well prepared to fight if anything dangerous 
came their way. Relm blushed slightly and batted his hands down, 
holding one in her palm as they slowly made their way to the other side 
of the clearing. She could feel something strange trying to force its 
way out of her when they were together like this, and supposed it meant 
she would be growing up soon. The thought filled her with a strangely 
mixed feeling of excitement and... something else.

    They had just about reached the far end of the circular expanse 
when Gau suddenly began to fidget. Relm turned a quizzical eye to him 
just as he broke away from her hand, wearing a look of intense 
discomfort.

    "Need go..." he blurted out, hurrying over to the nearest tree and 
lowering his shorts. The shocked little girl placed her hand over her 
mouth as she saw his butt, then gasped audibly upon noticing something 
else. In plain view, there was an object that could only be his penis.

    Only a few feet away, she had a clear view of him urinating the 
entire time. His five-inch erection, which she had no idea had merely 
been the byproduct of a full bladder, jerked once and then began 
spewing a golden stream. He did not even bother turning his back to 
her, as if this the most natural thing in the world.

    Relm, on the other hand, couldn't take her eyes of the small worm 
hanging down in front of her. She hadn't seen one in such a long time, 
not since the last time she'd traded views of her privates with some 
boys from town behind the magic house. They had teased her something 
awful, jabbing fingers in her nether orifice, then forcing her to play 
with their organs. The flustered magician complied for a bit, then 
balked when one attempted to insert the tip of a magic wand in her 
hole. Infuriated, she gathered her clothes and stormed off.

    After that, Relm stopped flashing her goods for the village boys. 
For awhile, they had to get sexual excitement the hard way - by peeking 
on her as often as they could. The group retained interest anyway, 
moving on to sneaking discreet glances of her hidden jewels. Even this 
close to pubescence, they were still at it, catching her stepping 
gingerly out of the bath before the nubile sketchist shooed them away 
from the window. 

    To tell the truth, she had almost been ready give up and let them 
have what they wanted. The young lady was more than curious to see how 
her friends had grown up, especially down there, but their infantile 
obsession with stealing looks at her had so far won out over the 
increasing desire to foray into the sexual world. But that was all in 
the past now, especially with Gau here to help blossom Relm's 
long-supressed needs.

    With a grunt of relief, her fellow traveler finished relieving 
himself and shook dry, prolonging the short peep-show for a few more 
seconds before he tucked his cock back and buttoned up, turning with 
noticeable chagrin.

    "Sorry..." he apologized adorably, trying hard not to stare at the 
ground. "Too much water..."

    "It's okay, Gau." Relm replied smoothly, although her mind was off 
in another direction entirely. A wicked thought had just occurred, 
bringing forth the same fluttery feelings in her stomach than holding 
his hand had done, and then some. She felt a little embarrassed about 
what she was about to do, but was comforted by the rationale that it 
was only fair to reciprocate. "I have to go, too..."

    Gau was watching intently as she leaned against another trunk, more 
out of surprise than a lack of restraint. Steeling herself, Relm spread 
her thighs far enough apart to give the boy an eye-popping look, then 
pulled at the thin band of her swimsuit-like bottoms, moving it aside 
to expose a completely hairless cunny. Nothing came at first -- she 
hadn't actually needed to pee when the notion struck, but after a 
little straining, her urethra relaxed and began to discharge the 
expected stream.

    When it was over, she wiped up with a nearby leaf, taking extra 
care to run the green plant up and down the length of her immature 
crack. Gau was fixed on the spot between her legs, unabashedly staring 
at his friend's secret treasures.

    "Have you ever... seen a girl?" Relm asked with trepidation, 
knowing she would have to initiate any hijinks between them, but also 
afraid it might spiral out of control with Gau's notoriously 
unpredictable nature. Her budding hormones were raging by now, simply 
begging for a response from the still-dazed boy. "You can come closer, 
you know." the little girl continued with astonishingly coy finesse. "I 
don't mind..."

***

    Unable to resist the forbidden fruit, Gau approached, bending over 
so that his face was right at the level of Relm's bare vagina. 
"Pretty..." he said respectfully, roughly handling the bare holds with 
childlike intensity. Stiffening up noticeably, the slim female let out 
a sigh of pleasure at he brushed her pink nub, relishing the same 
feeling she had come to know so well in the bathtub late at night.

    "That's really nice, Gau!" she whispered dreamily, adjusting 
herself on the tree trunk so that any further gratification would not 
send her crashing to the forest floor. "Please keep going!"

    "Relm feel good..." he responded with an impish grin, shamelessly 
continuing to rub the side of his hand along her nether valley. 
Strago's granddaughter was smiling broadly as well, unconsciously 
grinding her hips against the satisfying friction and letting out 
hushed moans of joy.

    "Oh Gau, it's wonderful!" she groaned, grabbing his wrist and 
enthusiastically thrusting it into her throbbing crevice. "It's never 
been this good!"

    "We do this lots, then!" the uncivilized male offered eager. "Gau 
like see you happy..."

    "Thank you..." Relm sputtered, very near the point of climax. 
Holding her partner tight, she let out a few more blissful "aah"s and 
then shut her eyes fiercely, helpless to merely ride out the fantastic 
waves of rapture as her body convulsed in its very first orgasm. The 
youthful sorcerer was only dimly aware of the growing gush of fluid 
down below, and even less so when Gau risked kissing her rosy cheek. 
All went dark as she crested the sexual peak, falling into his arms 
with utter contentment.

***

    Opening her eyes just a minute later, the exposed youngster found 
herself lying on shaded grass. Even though the haze of arousal had 
passed, she did not attempt to cover herself, or move to stop Gau from 
fingering her sensitive labia.

    "I *really* liked that..." Relm purred softly, gazing with immense 
satisfaction into Gau's neck.

    "Yeah..." he replied blithely, at last speaking a complete 
sentence. "You wet everywhere!"

    Horrified, the breathless pre-adolescent peered down at her 
genitals and the copious flood that had poured out. "Eeep!" she 
shrieked, fidgeting nosily and trying to cover herself. "I'm so 
embarrassed!"

    "It okay..." Gau soothed, patting her chest with a moist hand. "Not 
smell bad at all..."

    "Oh, my..." Relm interrupted, completely forgetting about the 
mysterious goo when her lover shifted position, divulging the obvious 
tent in his shorts. "I guess we could... but I don't..."

    Puzzled, the pint-sized savage looked at his prone companion, 
trying to decipher what was happening.

    "All right." she answered his gaze decisively. "You can do it to 
me!"

    "You mean..." Gau replied, eyes bulging with anticipation. "Like  
animals?"

    "Yes..." the cute vixen responded, all smiles as she spread her 
legs wide enough to show the pink within. "It would be only fair..."

***

    Taking a deep breath, Relm gripped the earth underneath, getting 
ready for the pain she assumed would follow the loss of her virginity. 
She was just as shocked, however, when Gau rolled her over in a flash 
of speed, snapping the thin fabric concealing her womanhood with little 
effort. Now totally uncovered below the waist, she felt a sudden sense 
of panic welling inside her throat.

    "No, not like that!" she yelped loudly, too stunned to realize no 
mere force of words could hope to stop the bestial boy lying atop her 
shuddering form. "That's not the way you..."

    She did feel a slight pressure on her backside at first, and 
prepared for the worst. Her clenched buttocks only served to enhance 
Gau's gratification, however, as he slid neatly into the fissure 
between them. Caught off guard, Relm barely had time to grab a handful 
of grass in each tiny fist before Gau was rutting with her, panting and 
wheezing as his basest of desires was fulfilled.

    "Feel... so... warm..." he croaked, forcing his penis rapidly along 
the furrow of her bottom. 

    Relm smirked at the remark, loosening up to accept her partner's 
rather unorthodox comprehension of lovemaking. Within no time, he was 
slamming the small girl's behind so hard, the greenery underneath was 
beginning to tickle her button in just the right way. After awhile, the 
unintended side-effects began to once again elicit more soft 
whimperings from her delicate lips, now rough and raspy.

    "Uhhh... uhhhh!" she groaned, actually pushing against the fleshy 
mass which was poking the small of her back. The tiny blades underneath 
her quivering sex were performing phenomenally, making her clitoris 
feel as if it were on fire. Relm absolutely could not believe that the 
magical feelings were about to return so soon, but the evidence was 
truly undeniable. After living for so many years without an orgasm, her 
loins were well ready to make up for lost time.

    Letting out noisy "Uwaoo!" and "Aooh!" sounds as he energetically 
pounded his friend's rump, Gau lost his footing and slipped, still 
fucking her as fast as could be mustered. Relm cried out even louder as 
his hands found new targets, the slight swellings on her torso that 
would soon grow into a wonderful pair of breasts. Though wholly 
undeveloped, the pert nipples were far enough along so respond 
favorably to the touch, hardening and tingling as never before.

    "Yes, Gau!" she wailed, tensing as the now-familiar charge built up 
within. "That's it!" With an explosive outburst, she came once again, 
her immature pussy coating the ground with the same perfumed fluid that 
had splashed her thighs only minutes ago. Blazing with lust, Relm tried 
to hump the soft earth, cheeks flushed red as she let herself go.

    As if encouraged by his mate's arousing loss of control, Gau's 
libido surged, providing much more stimulus than he could hope to 
quash. He grunted forcefully, hugging the slender female tight while he 
erupted all over her sweaty form. Face nestled deep inside her light 
brown hair, he inhaled the fledgling artist's scent deeply until the 
last splashes of his sperm-less seminal fluid were coating Relm's butt 
and back.

***

    "Want to... do again..." he panted, feeling the little girl up as 
his flaccid member tried weakly to keep the forbidden act going.

    Lost in the same hazy afterglow, Relm allowed his hands to caress 
her flesh for a bit before responding. After rolling the both of them 
on their sides, she spun around until they were face-to-face. The sun 
was rapidly settling, and a cool breeze had already started to blow, 
but their exposed privates were kept quite warm by the warm pocket of 
air produced by the naughty romp.

    "Of course..." she started lovingly, giving him a lengthy peck on 
the cheek. "But we have to get back to the town before everyone gets 
worried and starts looking for us..."

    "No..." Gau retorted dolefully, nuzzling his half-nude partner's 
neck. "Want to stay!"

    "Me too..." Relm answered, smiling sweetly. "How about just one 
more time?"

    "Uwuooah!" her untamed lover uttered aloud, squirming so that their 
perspiration-coated bodies merged together even closer. She noticed 
with impressed clarity that he was already getting hard again, and the 
bulbous head was insistently prodding her abdomen.

    "I'll show you something neat..." she instructed tenderly, grabbing 
the thick pole and pointing it at the entrance to her quim. "I think 
we'll both like it a lot better this way..."

    And even before he was enveloped by her inviting womb, Gau knew he 
was in agreement.


9/30/03 - VGSS
Please feel free to repost this story.
More stories at http://www1.asstr.org/~vgss/index.html
Backup site: http://vgss.cyberfreehost.com
Email questions, comments, suggestions to vgss@email.com