Santa's Special Christmas Gift, Part 3: Shouting Out With Glee

Story codes: Mgg(11), strap-on, anal

Summary: A timeless holiday classic returns! Penelope and her friend Melanie visit their favorite department store Santa again this year, and he shows them more ways to enjoy the holiday season. It's a wonderful life, indeed!

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

================

"Ho ho ho! Penelope! My favorite little helper!" the big red-suited fake Santa said as a sandy-blonde little girl with her hair done up in pigtails climbed onto his lap.

"Hi Santa!" Penelope said, her face getting a little red. She snuggled against his big fake-belly pillow.

"I was sure hoping you'd come gain this year, Penelope," Santa said. He wrapped his arms around the girl and gave her a big Christmas bear hug. She nuzzled tight up against his big strong Santa chest, almost like she wanted to disappear inside him.

"I wouldn't have missed coming to see you for anything, Santa," she said, her rosy cheek pressed to him. "Neither would Melanie!"

"Oh? Is your friend Melanie here today, too?"

"Yes! She's the very next one in line!"

Santa leaned his head around the sweet girl on his lap and saw her beautiful friend standing nearby, the other girl's straight dark hair shining in the florescent department store mall lighting. He waved to her and called out, "Ho ho ho!" Melanie's face went red, and she waved back at him.

"So, Penelope," Santa said, "let me look at you." She sat back a bit while Santa's bright twinkling blue eyes inspected her up and down through his fake wire-rim glasses that didn't even have any lenses.

"My goodness," he said. "You are becoming a little woman, aren't you, Penelope? A beautiful little woman!"

Penelope could feel her face blushing. She knew it wasn't true, she was only eleven years old and was still very much a little girl. But she just loved the way her favorite fake Santa gave her such wonderful compliments. 

"So, Penelope," Santa said, "I'm glad Melanie came along today, because I have a special Christmas gift for you that I think both of you will like a lot."

"Oh Santa! We love your Christmas gifts," Penelope said. "I still use the toy you gave me every day, and I think of you every time I use it!"

"Ho ho ho!" Santa laughed. "I'm very glad to hear that, Penelope!"

"And Melanie just loves the kitty tail you gave her. She puts it in all the time!"

"Does she really?"

"Yes, she does! She really likes it!"

"Well now, Penelope my little woman, before I can give you the present I got you for Christmas, I have to ask: Have you been naughty or nice this year?"

Penelope went a little shy. "Do you want me to tell you the truth, Santa?"

"Of course! You should never lie to Santa."

"I've been a little naughty," she said, with her face down. 

"You have, Penelope?"

"Yes," the little girl answered, even more shy. "Do you want be to tell you about it?"

"Ho ho ho! Yes, I do, Penelope!"

"Okay, Santa." She lowered her voice to a little whisper. "There were some boys at school, and they were, like, talking about how much fun they thought it would be to get a blowjob, you know? I guess they'd never gotten one before. And me and Melanie... well, we thought it would be fun to show them, since you taught us how to do it, you know?"

"Ho ho ho!" Santa said, his eyes glimmering with delight at the girl's story. "How many boys were there?"

"There were five of them, Santa. And after school, we all went behind the shed. They were just like you, Santa! They all wanted more than one cum!"

"Ho ho ho! Of course they did!"

"Melanie and me were very naughty, Santa. We gave them all lots of blowjobs that day."

Santa gave Penelope another great big hug, and she smiled sweetly and snuggled tight up against him. "That was very sweet of you girls," he said.

"You think so, Santa?"

"Oh, yes. It's always good to show the boys what Santa teaches you. Now you better run along, sweetheart, the other kids in the line are getting restless. But be ready, I go on break in a few minutes. Wait for me and I'll give you your naughty girl present."

"Okay, Santa!" And Penelope jumped off of Santa's lap and scampered away.

Penelope's friend, Melanie, came walking up next. "Hi, Santa," she said as she sat on his lap. 

"Ho ho ho! Hello Melanie!" He gave her a great big Christmas bear hug, too. "Penelope tells me that you really like the presents I gave you last year."

I do, Santa! I put the tail in all the time!"

"That's wonderful, Melanie. I'm glad to hear you like it."

"I brought it along, in case you want me to wear it today."

"Ho ho ho!" Santa said merrily. "Penelope also told be that you two were naughty with some boys at school."

"Yes," the girl said, her cheeks getting a little red.

"That's good, Melanie," Santa said. "And I have a special present just for naughty girls."

"Yay! I can't wait! I love your presents, Santa! And Santa?"

"Yes, Melanie?"

"I wasn't only naughty with the boys at school."

"Oh? Tell Santa all about it, Melanie!"

"Um, well, it started right after we visited you last year, Santa. Penelope and I had a sleepover at her house, and, well, I liked what we did with you a whole lot, you know? So when she was taking a shower I went and found her daddy. He was in his office."

"And you were naughty with Penelope's daddy?"

"Yes," the girl said, looking down shyly. "I gave him a blowjob. And he liked it so much, the next time I was over, he asked me to do it again."

"Ho ho ho! Of course he did!"

"But that time, he didn't just want a blowjob, Santa."

"No?"

"No. He wanted to go all the way with me, just like you and Penelope do."

"Oh! And did you let him?"

"Yes," she answered quietly.

"Good!"

"He really likes it a lot, Santa. He comes over to my house when my parents aren't home."

"Oh! So you do it with him a lot?"

"Yes, Santa, all the time!"

"That's good, Melanie, I'm very proud of you!"

"Thank you, Santa! Santa?"

"Yes, Melanie?"

"Penelope doesn't know, so maybe we shouldn't tell her? Her daddy told me not to tell anyone at all, but I knew it would be okay to tell you, Santa."

"Of course it's okay to tell me, I'm Santa! I promise to keep it a secret."

"Thanks, Santa! And Santa?"

"Yes, Melanie?"

"You can do it with me, too, if you want. I'd... I think I'd like that."

"Ho ho ho!" Santa said. "Oh yes, I have plans for you, Melanie!" And Santa gave her another big hug and she got up off his lap and went to join her friend.



"What did you get us for a present, Santa?" Penelope asked excitedly when Santa finally got to go on break and they went to their special place, a storage room in the back of the mall. They didn't stop for ice cream this time. Santa was anxious to be alone with them, and the girls were anxious, too, so they just went straight to their special place.

"Ho ho ho!" Santa laughed, his beautiful bright blue eyes glimmering behind his fake glasses. He picked up a festive holiday bag and handed it to Penelope. Both girls excitedly pulled the red and white tissue paper out of the bag until they found the present. Their eyes were wide, and their smiles were wide, too, when they pulled a strange black contraption out of the bag. 

"What is it, Santa?" Penelope asked curiously as she held it up. She recognized part of it; it had a big thick black cock! Almost as big as Santa's! The cock was rubber, but really stiff, as stiff as Santa's! But this big black rubber cock was attached with shiny metal rivets to a piece of thick black leather, and that had thick black leather straps hanging off of it.

"It's a strap-on dildo, Penelope," Santa said with a great big smile.

"A strap-on dildo?" the little eleven year old said, puzzled, as she held it out to her friend Melanie. Both of them admired it inquisitively. "What's it for?"

Santa's pretty blue eyes twinkled behind his fake wire-rim glasses. "It's so that a girl can have a cock!" he said, and followed that up with a nice loud rumbly "Ho ho ho!"

Penelope still looked a little confused, but Melanie's face lit up with excited recognition. "Oh!" the dark-haired girl said, eyes dancing with delight as she took it from Penelope. "So we put this on..." She held it up to her crotch, the dildo sticking out like a big hard-on. "...and then we can..." She waved it in the direction of Penelope. Both girls giggled with merriment. 

"Exactly, Melanie!" Santa said. 

"Do you want us to try it right now, Santa?" Melanie asked.

"Yes, please," Santa answered. 

Melanie immediately kicked off her shoes and pulled down her tights and underwear. "Will you help me put it on, Santa?" she asked him, lifting her skirt and showing the jolly fake elf her eleven year old pussy, dusted now with a newly-growing crop of little dark curls.

"Look at you!" Santa said, staring at her sex with a delighted twinkle in his bright blue eyes. "You're becoming a little woman!"

Melanie's cheeks blushed pink and she looked down shyly. "Thanks, Santa," she said. She held the strap-on out to him.

"What about your kitty tail, Melanie?" Santa asked. "You should put that in first."

"Okay," the little eleven year old said. She opened her purse and took the buttplug tail out. "Will you put it in for me, Santa?" she asked, holding it out to him as well.

When Santa had taken the tail plug from her, she turned around and leaned over, lifting her skirt, then reaching behind and spreading her buttocks. Santa had the perfect view of her little red pussy lips, with just a few little curls of dark hair, and her tiny pink rosebud anus. He reached out and petted her pussy a little before pushing the plug into her asshole.

Melanie sighed when the cool metal of the buttplug stretched her anus open as it settled into place.

"Should I wear my kitty ears too, Santa?" she asked him. 

"Yes, Melanie, you should."

The girl reached into her purse again and took out the kitten ears. She slipped them on her head, then stood in front of Santa Claus, one bare foot on top of the other, her face pink with blush.

"I'm a little kitty-cat now, Santa," she said. 

"You are! A cute little kitty cat!" He reached out and took a hold of her skirt and pulled her closer to him. He lifted the skirt, admiring her naked girlsex again for a moment, then positioning the strap-on dildo in place. Then he reached around her back and attached the leather straps.

"Now, Penelope," he said to the other little girl, "take your pants off and sit on Santa's lap."

"Okay, Santa," the little blond pig-tailed girl said shyly. As she pulled her pants down, Santa admired her long thin legs with his twinkly blue eyes, then ho ho hoed in delight when she peeled off her panties and he saw her sweet pale pussy.

She climbed on Santa's lap and he gave her another great big Christmas bear hug, then turned her around so that she was facing outward, away from him, with her legs straddling his. 

"Okay, kitty-cat," Santa said to Melanie.

Melanie knelt in front of Penelope, and all three of the special Christmas friends watched with fascination as the big thick cockhead of the black rubber dildo pushed its way into Penelope's delicate little pussy petals.

"Oh, Santa!" Penelope groaned as her friend pushed in, then pulled back, and begin to fuck her. She scootched down, so that Melanie could go deeper.

Santa gave little Penelope another big hug, then moved his hands to her chest and fondled her little budding eleven-year-old old breasts as he watched the kitty-cat Melanie dildo fuck her friend with their new Christmas toy.

After a minute or two, the old storage room starting to take on the delicious odor of girlsex, and it was inspiring Santa to new levels of hardness inside his red velvet pants. The old elf was starting to feel a little needful. So he fumbled with his big fake belt and pulled his silly oversized pants down. Then he reached out to Melanie and gently pushed her back.

"It's Santa's turn now," he said as the big black dildo pulled out of Penelope's little pussy. He lifted Penelope up from his lap a bit and directed his big thick throbbing Santa cock into her open vagina. 

"Oh, Santa!" Penelope moaned he entered her. 

He grabbed her hips and started pumping her up and down on his giant rod, and Penelope rode her favorite fake mall Santa Claus, reverse cowgirl-style. The sloshy sounds of their sex filled the storage room as Melanie reached in between their legs and started fondling Santa's big sack, swollen and bulging full with special little Christmas gifts that Santa likes to give his naughty little girls.

Now, Santa Claus loved having his big thick cock in sweet Penelope's naughty little eleven-year-old pussy. He knew that it was the only cock that had ever enjoyed her private place. He loved how it gripped to him so tight, like a hungry little kitten begging for his cream; he loved how her warm pussycum flowed out of her and soaked his Santa balls while Melanie stroked them sweetly; he loved how Penelope cooed with pleasure as she bounced up and down on his lap; and he loved the feeling of her soft budding breasts as he lifted her shirt and her little bra and pulled on her sweet baby nipples. 

But Santa Claus has a Christmas wish list, too, you know, and he had something very special on his list this year. 

So he lifted little Penelope off his lap and lay her down on the couch there in the old gray storage room in the back of the mall. Then he took Melanie, and had her climb onto the couch on top of her friend. He helped the big black strap-on dildo cock find its way into Penelope's poor little used cunt, and he admired for a moment his little kitty-cat's tail plug sticking out of her ass as she started fucking her friend again. Then he knelt behind the kitty. He slowly pulled the tail out of her adorable little anus, and she moaned in pleasure and rode her friend even harder in response to the sensation of her tight hole spreading wide around the metal bulb of the plug. Once it had been extracted, he positioned his leaking thick Santa cockhead at her tiny puckered opening and pushed it in. 

Melanie groaned as her anus was violated by the jolly old Christmas elf, and he grabbed her hips to hold her tight and pushed in deep, enjoying the warmth of her insides and the almost painful tightness of her sphincter muscle as it clamped tight around him. He held her narrow hips in his strong, large hands, and helped her continue fucking her friend beneath them, and Melanie pumped the dildo cock in and out of Penelope, which caused her little anus to slide up and down the length of Santa's cock.

And so sweet little eleven-year-old dark-haired Melanie gave holiday joy to two of her favorite people in the world that day: to her bestest friend forever, Penelope, fucking her hard with their new Christmas toy, and to her bestest favorite fake mall Santa Claus, riding his big fat cock with her ass just like the little anal sex hussy that Santa always knew she wanted to be. 

Melanie and Penelope shouted out with glee, just like Santa's little reindeer in the song. "Oh Santa! Yes, Santa!!!" they both cried. Then Santa collapsed down on top of them, which caused the big black strap-on dildo cock to drive as deep into Penelope's cunt as it could possibly go, and the little girl shook and moaned. And at the same time, it caused his great big Santa cock to ram deep into Melanie's snug behind, where he kept it lodged inside her with her anus stretched wide around his base and his balls tight up against her soaking pussy. The girl cried out with orgasmic joy as his cock throbbed and pulsed inside her, and she could feel it thicken and stiffen, forcing her anus open even more. He groaned as he began emptying his big Santa sack of all its special little Christmas gifts, filling Melanie full of cum.



"Thank you so much for the wonderful Christmas present, Santa!" red-faced little Penelope said as they walked together out of the old storage room.

"Of course, little sweeties, Merry Christmas!" the fake Santa said. 

"You too, Santa!" Melanie said, and they stood up on their tiptoes and gave him sweet kisses on his rosy Santa cheeks.

Then Penelope turned and skipped out the door into the mall, looking over her shoulder and saying, "We'll see you again next year, Santa Claus!" Melanie gave Santa one last kiss, and a little wave goodbye, then walked much slower and more gingerly after her friend.



[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com  Thanks!]
