{empath} "A Birthday Wish Come True" ( M/F oral rom ) [2/4]

Copyright 1997, by Empath

WARNING:  
	This narrative contains subject matter that has been deemed 
unfit for the perusal of those under the age of majority.  A 
good rule of thumb to follow is if you are unable to vote where 
you live, don't take the risk of getting caught reading this.  
(That also covers the less 'enlightened' of the world's 
governments.)

-------------

	She stood in the doorway of the bathroom, listening 
carefully.  Mikel had pulled the door up behind him, but he was 
still just outside the door.  Maybe he'd forgotten something and 
was going to come back?  She waited, not daring to breathe.  
Then Nadine sighed as the 'clump-clump' of his work boots 
receded to the outer door.  She grabbed a face cloth from the 
sink, rinsed it under the hot tap, and briefly scrubbed her 
face.  She regarded herself in the mirror.  'He's here!' she 
thought, a smile beaming on her reflection's face.  'Well, he's 
not quite a Ben Chaplin, but plenty close enough, and HE'S 
MINE!'  She hugged herself at that thought.  

	Nadine pulled the shower curtain back, and was about to 
turn the water on when she noticed the end of his red toolbox 
poking out past the end of the bed.  'I wonder what other tricks 
he's got up his sleeve?'  She stepped back into the bedroom, 
sliding over the bed to gaze into the tool-case he'd left 
behind.  The lid was open, and she saw the clear plastic 
wrapping with "FTD, Hastings" and the distinctive logo of 
Mercury holding a bouquet of flowers on it.  Underneath this was 
a half-dozen small foil wrappers, unmistakable circles bulging 
in them.  Nadine smirked at the possibilities of his plans.  
This was just what was in the upper tray, and she grasped the 
bar-handle of it to see what was underneath it. 

	Her jaw dropped at what was waiting there; a pair - no, TWO 
pairs of padded leather cuffs, attached with chain; a black 
leather face mask; a studded collar with a chain leash attached; 
a rubber ball with a long Velcro strap on it...and IT.  It was a 
whip, but Nadine had never seen one this cruel-looking.  The 
handle was wooden, and about a foot long, ending in a phallic-
looking bulb and ridged, though whether that was to improve the 
user's grip, or... She shuddered.  Past the handle, the whip 
itself was three long leather thongs, pierced every few inches 
with sharp-looking spikes.  

	She heard the scratch of key in lock and bolted to action.  
Nadine quickly shoved the upper tray back into the toolbox, and 
raced quietly to the shower, turning the water on hurriedly, 
ignoring the shock of cold water hitting her naked form.

	The front door opened, and she heard Mikel exclaim in a 
faux-Hispanic accent "Lucy, I'm HOMMMMMME!"  She grabbed the 
soap, and quickly started to lather her chest as the water 
warmed to a comfortable temperature.  The squeak of an object 
dropped on the bed announced this man's progress.  "So, Nadine, 
are you ready for me to do your back?" he called.  She tensed as 
his footsteps neared the bathroom.  He slid back the curtain, 
and she heard the zipper of his jump suit opening. "Why, I think 
we could both squeeze into here, but we wouldn't get much 
bathing done," he declared huskily, kissing her on the shoulder.  
When he began to stroke her back, he remarked "Hmmm, you're 
rather tense - the water's not too hot or cold, so why would..."

	He paused, and she felt his hands grasp her upper arms 
firmly.  "Oh.  I know what it is - you've been snooping around, 
despite what I told you."  The voice took a sinister note.  "You 
must've taken a look at my 'tools-of-the-trade'...well, since 
you've been such a *naughty* little girl, you'll have to be 
PUNISHED."  Nadine nearly gasped at the strange relish with 
which he said that last word.  He let her go.  She waited, and 
tensed even more.  She heard him sit on the toilet and drop his 
boots on the floor.  She began to shiver in fear at the thought 
of what that whip of his would do to her back.  Nadine felt his 
approach, and prepared to whirl around and bite, scratch, kick, 
ANYTHING to escape what he planned to do to her.  

	He grasped her shoulders again, and nearly jumped out of 
her skin when she felt his tongue run between her earlobe and 
head.  Then he breathed into her ear "Gotcha." and began to 
chuckle, hugging her firmly and warmly.  "I knew you'd be 
curious what I had in that case when I was putting my disguise 
together, so I popped over to a 'specialty shop' in downtown 
Hastings, and just grabbed the most unsettling stuff I saw - it 
really gave you a fright though, didn't it?"

	"YES!" she growled and reached back to slap him harshly. 
"That was positively terrifying!  How could you, after we worked 
out those ground rules?"

	Mikel continued to hold her to him. "I'm really sorry, 
honey.  I didn't think you be so scared by the stuff, but you're 
right - I went too far with the prank, and I apologize for it."  
He kissed her cheek. "Am I forgiven, at least enough to fulfill 
my outstanding promise?"

	She turned her head to look into his face, seeing his mouth 
curled down at the corners and his lower lip protrude in a 
miserable pout, his brown eyes big and his eyebrows arching 
sadly.  She tried to suppress a smile at this 'puppy-dog' look 
he gave her, and assented.  

	He grabbed the soap, and started to run his hands over her 
back muscles, kneading the heat of the water into them.  He 
coated his lover's shoulder blades, and began to work his way 
down her spine.  "Lean forward a bit, dear."  She obeyed and the 
jet of water started to pound the base of her neck.  His hands 
quickly covered her sides with lather, and then gently brushed 
her lower cheeks.  

	One hand returned to her upper back as the other began to 
run the soap over her ass.  "Let the water massage its way down 
your back - just inch forward a bit at a time.  A small cloth 
found its way to his upper hand, washing off the lather wherever 
its warm wetness touched her.  

	The soap was forgotten, its task completed as his lower 
hand slipped down her crack, to gently tickle her nether lips.  
Nadine stiffened, and Mikel chuckled at her surprise.  He 
shifted his attentions solely to rinsing her back.  "Good, I was 
worried you might be considering another...well, delay," the 
woman sighed as he massaged her sides.  "I'm eager to find out 
where this lunch date is - you've seen Geneva and its food-
service industry!"

	"Oh, don't you worry - I think you'll find it rather 
interesting, love." was Mikel's reply, concluded with another 
kiss on the back of her now clean neck.  He grabbed the shampoo 
as he eased her head into the stream of water, and once her 
chestnut tresses were wet, he began to work the soapy fluid into 
her scalp.  She assisted him, and her hair was lathered and 
rinsed more quickly than if either one of them had done the task 
alone.  

	Mikel turned her around, and took the cloth to clean her 
face of shampoo.  A kiss on each eyelid, followed by one on each 
cheek, another to the tip of her nose, and a final press of lips 
to hers.  They kissed as the water soaked them, and broke off 
when they shifted and got the spray in their faces.  After 
recovering from the shock, he pushed her chin up to gaze into 
her eyes.  Neither seemed able of blinking for an era, and then 
they both tried to utter "I love you" at the same time.  They 
simply hugged again, each trying to pull the other into their 
body forever.

	"Anyway, you're done, Nadine - you'll find a towel on the 
sink; if you could put another there for me, I'll attend to the 
cleaning of this body you like so much!"  His grin reappeared, 
creasing his cheeks with dimples, and laugh lines around his 
eyes causing his second scar to appear.

	"Fine, but don't take too long - there can't be that much 
hot water left, and I don't want to show off a raisin to the 
neighbors!" They switched places, and he reached down to grab 
the soap and got his buttocks fondled briefly by his lover.  

	He quickly began to lather himself, his mind swimming with 
emotions.  'She LOVES me, she really loves *me*!' was 
predominant in them, and he just couldn't stop smiling, even 
when he wore out the silent screaming of 'Those Three Little 
Words'.  After a year-long 'email romance', it was still 
thrilling to have his feelings returned in kind now that they 
had met face to face. Mikel thought about his plans for the day, 
and his smile jacked up even higher; he had come to know Nadine 
as well as he knew himself, and she'd love the next surprise he 
had for her.  

	A call came from the bedroom: "How should I dress?"  Mikel 
stuck his head out of the shower and replied, "Well, it's a nice 
day, but not too cold, by your standards.  I suppose just 
something informal - not 'full battle-dress', but clean and 
presentable - a blouse or a sweater and slacks, maybe?  I'm sure 
you'll look gorgeous in whatever you pick out!"  He ducked back 
into the shower to avoid the towel she threw at him.

	When he had rinsed off and dried his hair and skin, Mikel 
strolled into the bedroom to see his belle sitting on the bed, 
already dressed in a fetching blouse and loose slacks; her hair 
pinned back from her face.  A long woolen coat was folded on her 
lap.  

	He sighed pleasantly, and approached her to hug.  Physics, 
however, let him down two steps into the room, when the towel 
wrapped around his waist slipped loose and was left behind 
before he was halfway to the bed.  She smiled at his accidental 
nakedness, and adjusted her glasses to better examine his 
crotch.  "Hmmm, feels bigger than it looks."

	"Oh, come ON; surely you know that cold water - which I was 
unable to avoid where we took so long to clean you - causes 'the 
tortoise to draw back into his shell'.  It's never a fair 
estimation of a man's, um, worth!  Besides, I was extremely 
aroused when you last saw Mister Happy here - more than ever 
before."  He had closed the remaining distance, and took her 
into his arms, luxuriating in the feel of her body on his.

	"Come on, come on; as much as I like this, I want to see 
what you've got planned!  Get some clothes on!" Nadine demanded 
as she extracted herself from his embrace.  He sighed  "Women 
are always telling me that!" and turned his attention to the 
suitcase he'd dropped on the bed before their showers.  Opening 
the bag, he remarked "Well, this one ain't been tampered with - 
did we learn our lesson about snooping around?"  He looked up 
into the sulky face of his sweetheart.  "Again, I'm sorry," he 
said and her pout softened.

	He dressed quickly in a pair of casual slacks and a short-
sleeved shirt.  He completed the outfit with a pair of dress 
boots taken from the bottom compartment of the suit-bag.  She 
regarded his color co-ordination and asked "So, Mr. Beige, where 
are we off to today?"

	"Well, first of all I ain't tellin', and secondly none of 
these articles is actually beige; the pants are taupe, the shirt 
is a shade called ecru, and the boots aren't even close..."

	"Bitch-bitch-bitch!"  Nadine joked as she interrupted his 
trademark nit picking.  He swooped onto her and kissed her 
passionately.  Mikel willingly broke off the lip-lock, and told 
her "You know?  It's weird but I feel so in love with you when 
you nag me like that. I look forward to spending a life being 
henpecked by you, beautiful.  C'mon; let's go out to lunch."  He 
grabbed a parka from the suitor, checked to ensure that his 
wallet was in it, and locked arms with her as they left the 
apartment.

-------------
End of Chapter Two

