“Are you sure?” Tsunade frowned, not looking happy with the news Kakashi brought.

Kakashi shrugged slightly. “I verified the knots with his class and they all agreed that Iruka didn’t tie it.”

She sighed. “And the rest is all small things.”

“They add up to a complete picture.”

“They do.”

She sat silently for moment, long fingernails tapping the shuriken from Iruka’s house before taking a deep breath. “I’m probably going to regret this,” she grumbled, leaning forwards. “Go after him. Find out what happened. If he needs to be retrieved, do so. BUT,” she narrowed her eyes at Kakashi, “under absolutely no circumstances are you allowed to Chidori anything or anyone or used the Sharingan or anything like that! This is not an assassination mission! You are only allowed to kill if they are DIRECTLY stopping you from getting Iruka-sensei here. If you’re not back in five days, I’m sending out an ANBU squad. Are we clear?”

Kakashi glared a little bit. “Yes, Tsunade-sama.”

“Good. Now get out of here!”
xXxXxXxXxXx
“What?” Pakkun looked irritated as the smoke cleared.

Kakashi held out a well-worn vest. “Track.” He commanded shortly.

Pakkun raised an eyebrow slightly, but obediently sniffed the shirt. He jerked away. “No! I am not tracking down your mate just because you said something stupid to him! Find him yourself!”

“Pakkun!” His owner snarled once, then took a deep breath. “I didn’t have a fight with him. I have five days to find him and bring him back before Tsunade sends ANBU out and it’ll be too late by then!”

The pug blinked. “You think he was kidnapped? Why would they take him?”

“I don’t know. Track!” Kakashi demanded again. “And if you don’t get on it right now, I’ll get someone who will!”

Grumbling, Pakkun took another sniff of the vest. “This way,” he said before bounding off, the jounin following him closely.
xXxXxXxXxXx
Iruka only had a few moments before they noticed he wasn’t completely useless and drugged him again. He only had a short time in which he could plan what to next.

He carefully reviewed the facts he had been able to gather in his drugged haze: There were about five or six of them, one who seemed remarkably familiar (it had taken him an obscene amount time to recognise her as Hina, the bleached tart that had been stalking Kakashi). They were running through a hilly country, and the ninjas who had kidnapped him seemed to think they could get a fairly sizable bounty for him from the Akatsuki.

That part had taken him the better half of a day to figure out. His slow brain couldn’t come up a reason why that criminal organisation would want with someone like him. He was just a schoolteacher who pulled in a few extra dollars by working part-time at the mission desk. While he was a good, solid chunin, he certainly didn’t get out enough to gain a reputation or anything like that. Sure, he lived in Konohagekure, and knew a few secrets, but he certainly wasn’t high enough in the hierarchy or close enough to anyone important like the Hokage, so he had no idea why—

Naruto.

They wanted him so they could get at Naruto. It was common knowledge in the village that he and the nine-tailed vessel were very close and that Naruto would go to great lengths to protect those that he loved.

And—of course—with the rumours of him dating the Copy Ninja Hatake, it made him a very, very appealing prospect for the Akatsuki. Two birds with one stone. They would think that they could use Iruka as leverage to get Naruto and Kakashi.

The only flaw with that plan would be that Kakashi didn’t care about him, which (his drugged mind muttered) was a bit disappointing or maybe a lot disappointing—it was hard to say with all the drugs affecting his brain.

He wondered vaguely about how badly it would bode for him when they found out that Kakashi was only around him because he could con free food off of Iruka.

It brought him back to his current predicament. He’d finally managed to figure it out as much as he could. The drug they’d been shoving down his throat needed to be readministered about once every nine hours or so. They were also either getting more confident, laxer, or more harried, because his conscious periods when his brain wasn’t moving at the speed of a tortoise amputee and the time that he could control his body were getting longer.

They were almost at the ‘base’, the apparent rendezvous point for the kidnappers and their Akatsuki contact. They had disarmed him, but they hadn’t put any chakra draining bonds on him (they seemed to think that keeping him drugged was enough) and they only tied him up with chakra string.

The last thing was about the only comfort he had—that, and they wouldn’t kill or dismember him (it seemed one of the Akatsuki’s favourite things to do was chop of parts of people and send them off as a warning or notice—depending on the situation—but they wanted to be the ones who did so and would refuse payments on ‘damaged’ merchandise).

Five or six ninjas and most of them about jounin level. He had no chance; the odds were against him. He could never fight all of them and live.

He smiled grimly to himself.

He couldn’t fight them, but that didn’t mean that he couldn’t make them regret ever being born.

Either he would be killed by the Akatsuki after he had been used against the people he cared about the most or he would die along the way; there wasn’t any other options.

He couldn’t win, but he sure as hell could make them miserable.