Caution--The following fiction contains scenes so vile, disconcerting and disgusting that it should not be read by anyone..Unless maybe those that move their lips while reading.  It could, however, be considered required reading for those over 119 years, believe they know what is best for others, have even flirted with the idea of joining the tea party or are homophobes, misogynistic, or racist.



(bdsm size)

Suspended

This is how Jane left me.  I was her slave, and she gave me this gift.

I was nervous, my knees slightly shaking, but so ready.  My hands were tied over my head, the ankle straps attached to the floor, the straps around my nipples connected to the weights, one of the dildos attached to the bar between my widely spread legs was just brushing across my anus.  As we had not started yet my senses were attuned to my surroundings, not on what was happening to my body.  I couldn't see anything through the blindfold and as yet could not hear anything through the earplugs.

A slight quiver of the dildo bar, just enough to let me know we were going to begin.  The first dildo, the big one, steadied as my owner held it in position.  The little one, destined for my vagina leaned to the side, brushing against my inner thigh.   It was 15 inches long and three inches thick most of its length, shaped like a huge cock jutting out of a pair of over sized balls.  Not enough to usually satisfy me, but it would be the second one to penetrate, so maybe......

I wanted to lower myself on the dildo but my arms were stretched too tightly over my head.  A few moments ago was the first time I had seen this dildo.  I studied it quickly before the blindfold was placed over my head.  I knew about it, but had never seen it before.  Three sections, the top, nine inches long and 2.5 inches wide, the second, another nine inches long but four inches wide and the final nine inches was 5.5 inches in diameter.  The length, if I could take it would be the deepest penetration I'd ever taken.  Also the width at the bottom would be the greatest dildo I'd ever tried.  I wasn't sure of the biggest width I'd had, not counting dildos, who knew what hands would actually measure?

Ah, it starts.  The bar started to rise, slowly, so slowly it would push into me.  I had known of this nights activities for several days and finally the anticipation was over.  I was ready.  There would be no need for lubrication, my pussy had been dripping for the last fifteen minutes while people were gathering and taking positions to watch.  Fingers grabbed my pussy lips and pulled them to the side as the tip of the dildo began to enter me.  They took the chance to more than spread them, they tugged on them, stretching them out.  So it couldn't have been my owner doing this.

The weights attached to my nipples were lowered and I knew they would be pointing straight down.  I guessed about five pounds on each.   I loved the hard tug on them, how my areole would puff out with the stimulation, almost doubling the size of my small breasts.  God I was ready!  I wanted to drop down, feel that thing sliding into my ass.  It was nicely sized so that the end would have just entered that first inner sphincter about eight inches inside me, when the middle section would begin to enter my ass.  But I couldn't drop down on it, the control was with others.  I could raise up on my toes a couple inches I thought before the ankle restraints tightened, but I didn't want to go up, I wanted to go down!

Slowly it rose.  I felt the end spreading me apart, parting my rectum as it advanced.  I had plenty of time to savor the feeling, letting the sensations spread to other parts of my body, like my legs starting to shake a bit more or the clenching of my vaginal muscles.  I was a little concerned about the deeper penetration where the rectum leads into the large intestine.  Normally there was a chance to get the angle right before deep penetration, fucking my ass until I got used to the invasion, shifting my hips to get the best angle.  Now though, it was going to be a slow continuous advance.  And what about when five and a half inches was going to be forced into me?  Would it fit?  It had to, I was pinned into position and thought my flesh would give before the leather and steel holding me in position would give way.

These were fleeting thoughts though, like a bit of foreplay I was teasing myself with.  I would relish any pain I would feel.  Pain was an aphrodisiac to me.  I don't like to hurt, but I crave pain.  For those who can't understand the difference, well, that's on you, not me.  Like my nipples, I could shrug a bit, move my torso enough to create those little tugs that would stretch my already tight nipples even further.

As thoughts flew through my head I never lost the physical feelings I was going through.  The blindfold robbed me of my sight, a deprived sense.  The ear plugs muffled sounds enough so that I could ignore that stimuli and banish another sense.  Therefore I could more completely focus on the sense of touch, of feel.  Right now the feel was of more dildo slithering into my rectum, so it was now in my colon, nearing the entrance into my intestines proper.  My mind was trying to grasp where it would go, what organs it would force aside.  I couldn't wait until this dildo, which had become a living thing in my mind, would straighten out the kink in my intestines and then had that long run up alongside my stomach.

All my thoughts were now internalized and I existed solely within myself.  The people watching, any comments that might be made, all that was gone.  There was only this thing snaking its way into my body.  It was at the inner kink now, oh god!!! let it go through!  It did! It was in my intestines.  A small convulsion in my pussy, my clit erect and reaching out, almost vibrating.  Here was this thick, long slab sliding inside me, passing through the tube of my intestines, pushing my flesh away as it ground into me.  The dildo shifted slightly as it advanced, little movements that dragged on my intestinal membranes.  It is thick enough to stretch me a bit and yet the thicker sections were still to come.  The next section was almost there.

I first felt the center section as it passed my ass cheeks, spreading them apart, scraping my skin a bit before being lubricated by the flow from my pussy.  Four inches in diameter, no small thickness, then it was at my ass lips, spreading them, but ever so slowly.  I tried vainly to sink down on it.  I thrashed about as best I could, but unable to work it in more quickly.  I was able to jerk my nipples nicely though, the weights bumping against my stomach.  It began to enter me now, pushing my ass hole before it so that it was not truly inside me, but might look as if it were by anyone watching.

Slowly, slowly, my ass entrance was being pushed in further, then the release of my anal sphincter and my ass hole slid down the dildo.  The upper end deeper now, I thought I could feel the tip passing through my abdomen and slightly pushing the left nipple weight to the side.  It felt like an obscene animal was forcing its way inside, forcing my anal ring apart, testing my limits.  My body froze and I waited to see if I could take it.  Every little variation in the dildo was translated first to the muscles and flesh of my ass then to my brain.  I held my breath as I waited to see if I could adjust to the increased stretching.

I could, I was going to be okay, my body could accept that thickness.  I knew that as my body was stretched over four inches wide a fist could slip inside me with out touching the sides.  Two fists nestled together would fit in.  At that thought my  pussy convulsed momentarily causing me to contract my anal muscles around the thick dildo.  I stopped holding my breath and began to pant with these lustful thoughts.  It flashed through my mind that there were likely people out there watching me be spread open and tracking the length of the dildo as it passed inside me. 

That did it, as I squeezed the dildo my first true orgasm of the night washed over me.  Any support my legs had given was gone, I hung there by my arms as my vagina pulsed frantically.  I could hear myself moan.  My face burned as it flushed, turning red with excitement, another one of the embarrassing things my body did when I orgasmed.  My legs shook, my pussy spewed my juices, the weights dragging on my nipples shook and I was out of control.

The center section of the dildo was firmly imbedded in my body, just passing through my anus and into my rectum, when the other dildo pressed against my pussy.  The other dildo!  I had forgotten it!.  Someone had to be holding it in position but I was unaware of it.  All I knew was that it began entering me!  I was still shuddering through my orgasm, moaning uncontrollably, my ass muscles tightly grasping a huge dildo and another was starting to enter me.  The second one pressed hard against the first one.  Soon it would be also pressing against my pelvic bones.

My orgasm was ebbing slightly until the dildo pushing into my pussy rubbed against my clit, bent it down and into my vagina.  The dildo scraped along my clit, renewing my orgasm, but more intensely.  It seemed as if my entire body was shuddering, my mouth hanging open in a silent scream.  Where would it all go?  Could it all fit inside me?  The pain was sharp and intense.  I tried to rotate my body back and forth, tugging hard on my nipples.  I wanted the advancing dildos to pause for a moment while I came violently.  They didn't though, just kept up their inexorable advance.  There was a moment of easing of the stretching when the head of the huge cock shaped dildo passed fully inside my pussy and my lips closed over the narrowing of the neck.

With a few sporadic spasms my orgasm slowly passed.  I was able to relax.  I could feel the sweat rolling down my body, my hair clinging to my forehead, my legs regaining some strength and taking some of the weight off my arms.  I basked in the after glow of my enormous cum.  I was able to once again enjoy the deepening penetration of the dildos into my body.  I could visualize my stomach and other organs giving way to the dildos and being pushed aside.  The dildos were becoming part of my body, they belonged in there, deep inside me.

Then it began.  The bottom section of the dildo neared my ass.  My ass hole was already so stretched.  I was completely and totally stretched, and there was more to come.  It was there now.  My ass cheeks spread, then it was pushing against my ass hole.  Five and half inches about to try and enter my ass while I also had a three inch thick dildo starting to advance further into my vagina.  I wanted  it all inside me, desperately, but now began to have doubts.  Could it all fit inside me?  I began to feel fear.

I could feel it press harder against my ass, but giving no sign of entering.  The weight on my legs began to lessen as did the pressure of dangling from my arms.  My feet began to come off the floor.  What would happen when the ankle restraints reached the end?

My thighs were pushed apart by the thickness of the dildo trying to enter my pussy.  I couldn't believe that there wasn't some sign that it was entering.  Usually I could feel it spreading me open a little, offering some hope it would go in.  Part of it was probably the three inch thick dildo already in my pussy.  I had bigger things before, but not while there was also four thick inches in my ass.  There was no sign though, I was just sitting on top of the five and a half inch thick rim of the bottom part of the 27 inch dildo. 

My feet were now completely off the floor.  I had tried to take some of the pressure off my ass by pushing up with my toes, but now all my weight was centered on my anal ring.  Now the floor tethers around my ankles were tightening.  My thighs were pressed tightly on the dildo.  Then even more tightly as the dildo rose higher, stretching my legs.  I tried to look around but was blindfolded, I could only mumble through the gag and hear just faint sounds with my ears plugged.  Someone had to stop this, I couldn't take it, it wouldn't fit.  There shouldn't be any room for movement of the dildo in my pussy but there was.  I don't know how but the pressure against my crotch had pushed that dildo even harder against my pelvic bone, trapping my clit between the two, crushing it.  The pain spread through me, washing over my body.  An exquisite pain, intense, sharp, sensual.  The kind of pain that I craved.  Involuntarily my vagina began to spasm a little, my anal muscles shuddering, trying to bear down on my stretched anus.

The upward pressure went on, my clit being stretched out to an incredible length, caught between my pelvis and the dildo.  Suddenly my nipples were stretched even further.  Someone had added more weight to the lines attached to the toothed clips clasped directly onto my nipples.  I guessed they were close to two inches long now, and swollen, the clamps digging in even harder.  All of this caused wonderful pain that seemed to center between my legs and the spasms in my crotch began to grow.

The dildo ground against my ass, to get inside it would have to push my pelvic bones aside.  My legs stretched taut, my nipples hard, long and pulled beyond belief, my clit crushed, all this exquisite pain racked through my body and my burgeoning orgasm exploded.  I could feel my stomach contracting, two clear bulges outlined by the dildos, one 18 inches inside my body.  My breathing was rough and hoarse as my whole body shook with the intensity of the orgasm.  My crotch felt like it was exploding.  It was then I began to scream as the five and a half inch end of the dildo in my ass began to enter me.  My ass clenched and pulsed against the hard latex as I slid down a couple of quick inches as the weight of my body and the tight ankle tethers pulled me down on the invading dildo.

Four inches of the thickest part of the dildo were in my ass, five inches to go, five minutes until it was buried fully inside. Ten thick inches of another dildo buried in my pussy and, just as I was feeling some relief, the head of that dildo was brutally forcing my cervix apart.  More pain, that pain taking me to a higher plateau of intensity, feeding my orgasm.  Sliding down on those invading monsters I continued to  cum.  My entire body was shaking, enough so that my tits were jiggling and tugging repeatedly on my stretched nipples.  Endlessly it seemed to go on, the minutes and inches ticking by as I came.  I felt my body seemingly begin to shut down from exhaustion as every muscle in my body was tensed in orgasm.

Then it was over, I had reached the end.  My butt and pussy were pressed against the wide bases of the dildo deep inside me.  27 inches in my ass, 15 inches in my pussy.  My body dangling from my arms, two long ridges visible running up inside me, the longest one diving under my rib cage, the head of that great dildo lost somewhere inside me, not visible from the outside.  As I relaxed it was harder to breathe, my lungs compressed by the mass of latex inside.  I was still shaking in the aftermath of my endless orgasm, but I had done it, I had 42 inches of massive dildo inside me.  I reveled in the stretching of my ass and pussy, still feeling all the pressure and pain, but able to enjoy it fully, knowing that I could enjoy the feelings until I was released from bondage.  I wanted to see who had been watching me, what they thought.  I could be there knowing my internal organs were rearranged to accommodate all that inside me, until my owner came to release me.

Wait though, something was wrong, the bar the dildos were attached to was still rising.


Comments to duress1959@yahoo.com

