Making Secrets
by Exhibitionist_Couple

Making Secrets pt.4 

Once we got inside, I suggested Ben take a shower so he can get dressed before Peter came home. Ben smiled at me and walked into the bathroom, leaving the door wide open as he started the shower. Ben had really changed a lot over the last few days... but then again, he's done a lot as well. When he first came over he was a quite, slightly shy, sexually awkward guy... now he's walking around nude openly masterbating and making crude comments about my body... and he's clearly not shy about being seen nude anymore, and it's only been a few days!

Maybe I should pull back a bit... was I moving to fast? I really get turned on by teasing him, but it's becoming more difficult as things keep moving forward... but at the same time, I honestly have trouble controlling myself most of the time. Seeing how much he wants me, and watching him stroke his hard cock while looking at me... I just have a hard time restraining. And I don't want to discourage him, or make him feel bad... I know he's just enjoying 'our secrets'.

I messaged Peter, letting him know how much of a bad slut I'd been, rubbing my pussy in his face and letting him stick his tongue deep in my pussy. Peter said "wow, I love how much of a teasing slut you are!", which made me very happy. "I'm on my way home, see you in a bit" he added, as I rubbed my pussy a bit while changing into shorts and a t-shirt.

Ben got out of the shower, and was drying off while looking at me as I was just laying down looking at my phone... his dick still hard and bouncing. If Carol had any idea of how I've changed her well behaved son, she'd murder me, lol. I smiled at Ben and said "Get dressed 'horny boy', Peter is on his way". Ben smiled back and said ok. What was I going to do with this guy, lol. I decided I should have a little talk with Ben before Peter got home... so I followed him into his room (which he didn't even close the door).

"Ben, I'm sorry I let things go that far.. I know better, I shouldn't have done that" I said, trying to sound guilty. Ben pulled up his shorts while looking down, and replied "I'm sorry". I quickly said "no, don't be at all, you didn't do anything wrong... I wanted it to happen... but I shouldn't have allowed it to go so far... I was trying to keep at least my pussy private, but then I ended up showing it to you and letting you shove your tongue deep inside of it". Ben smiled and said "I did like it", and I smiled back and said "I did too... but I'm letting my inner slut get the best of me, and I need to try to resist it more... I just get so fucking horny so easily". Ben rubbed his crotch and said "I do too... and you're so fucking hot". I smiled "I think you've seen my tits enough to where it's OK for you to see them... but I should try to keep my pussy covered". Ben looked a little disappointed, but said he understood. I felt like I had a better control on things again... at least for the time being.

"Tell you what" I said, "how would you like to see Peter and I fucking tonight?". His eyes lit up again as he replied "really, would Peter do that?"... "no" I replied "...but he doesn't have to know" I said with a wink. Ben looked confused, so I said "follow me". I walked back in my room and pointed at the glass door "when it's dark, you can't see out in the yard... but when the light is on in here, you can easily see inside". Ben smiled really big and rubbed his crotch and asked "he won't see me?", I said "if the backyard light is off at night, and the bedroom light is on, you'll be invisible out here". Ben looked so excited and said "I can't wait!". "Hopefully you'll see everything without problem, you'll have to let me know in the morning" I added "I know I'm not supposed to show my pussy anymore, but you're bound to see it tonight... so we'll wait to enforce that rule until after tonight". Ben said "awesome". "Once we're done, don't linger because when the lights are off in our room, Peter will be able to see you!" Been said he understood.

So Peter gets home, joking around with Ben as always. Ben did his best to act normal (like he didn't have his tongue shoved down my pussy earlier). Peter broke out some beers, and I took the opportunity to send Peter a message so he knew what was up... "I set it up that Ben is going to watch us fuck tonight from outside the window door, and I told him you wouldn't know and that we wouldn't be able to see him"... Peter replied back "wow, you're such a creative slut!  I'll let you lead the show, and I'll act oblivious". I messaged back "thanks hunny, I'll make it worth your while. ". He texted "you going to put on some sexy lingerie?". I texted back "I haven't got any lingerie in awhile, so I'll probably just go naked, lol"

I'm not going to lie, I was really looking forward to the show. Knowing I'd be getting fucked while showing off to a horny audience, I was moist all night... and thinking about Ben shooting his load on my pussy after shoving his tongue deep inside of my cunt... I couldn't wait to get fucked!

The boys did their usual beer drinking, shit talking, and joking around. Peter even played an old 'Girls Gone Wild' DVD, which I'm sure Ben had never seen before. Ben was loving watching these girls expose themselves to strangers, and said "I need to get some beads!", which made us all laugh. I said "I used to do that at parties with no beads involved", and Peter added "that's true, I have pictures somewhere" and we laughed. Ben said "feel free to relive your past". We all chuckled, "in your dreams" I replied... "I'm a good girl now"... "speaking of dreams, I think I'm ready to call it a night... want to join me Peter?" Both guys looked at me with a smile, and Peter said "I should probably go to sleep earlier tonight, tomorrow is my long day at work". Peter looked at Ben and said "feel free to help yourself to anything you want, goodnight". I said "goodnight Ben" with a wink, and Ben winked back at me with a grin.

As soon as we closed the door to the room, my heart picked up in pace. The window door was about 4 feet from the bed, and I knew it wouldn't take long for Ben to show up. I looked at Peter with a seductive face and heard the back door open and close... it wasn't loud, but easy to hear if you're listening for it. I slowly walked over to my side of the bed (the one closest to the window door) and started undressing while looking out. Peter was doing the same on the other side of the room. I saw Ben slowly walk to the window (I didn't expect him to get close enough to where I could see him).

I acted like I couldn't see him, but continued to look in his direction (as if I was looking for him) while taking off my shirt and shorts. I looked at Peter, who was staring at me with a mischievous smile... I knew he was enjoying getting to see me tease Ben first hand, and he knew how much it turned me on. I started taking my bra off facing Peter, and turned around toward Ben as I removed it, showing him my big nipples that I know he loves. Ben started pulling out his dick, watching as I grabbed my panties. I turned around and pulled them down showing him my ass, as I climbed up on the bed and reached across for Peter. Peter climbed up and laid down as I grabbed his dick and placed it in my mouth. I laid on my side facing the door while I sucked on Peter's cock, and watching Ben stroking his dick. I knew he had seen a lot of porn, but I was sure he had never seen anyone fucking live before.

I climbed up and rode Peter's face while reaching back to stroke his cock. I was able to look toward the door, letting him get a good look at me as a bucked on Peter's face. "Mmmmm, fuck my pussy with your tongue" I screamed as he worked his tongue all over me... my second tongue today.

It wasn't long before Peter flipped me over and started spreading my legs, preparing to shove his fat cock inside of me. Peter has such a big dick, he's honestly perfect for me. Fucks me good, and allows me to be the slut I am. He asked "are you ready, slut?" (He knows I love when he calls me that). I buck my hips a little and look at Ben. Ben is practically up against the door, oblivious to how clearly we could see him. Peter penetrates me as I let out a gasp. He doesn't wait, he starts thrusting into me with long hard strokes. "Yes, fuck my slut pussy, I need that cock!" I shouted... Peter, turned me over so he could fuck me doggy style. I stuck my ass up and felt Peter tease my pussy with his dick (which always make me so eager to get plowed hard). His cock finally slipped inside, as I turned my head to see Ben frantically work his dick. I stared at Ben's hard cock while Peter continued to fuck me from behind. I fantasized about sucking Ben's cock, and letting him finally getting a chance to use me anyway he wanted... once I was done teasing him. I didn't know when that would be, and I hoped I could hold out... letting this teasing game continue... taking things step by step. But I knew eventually I'd be adding him to my list of guys I fucked, and being the first on his list.

But I don't want him to know that. I want him to enjoy seeing my body right now, and later he can enjoy it fully... and I knew Peter knew it too. Peter was fucking me knowing I was thinking about Ben using me... as so many other guys have. I honestly always want to fuck a new cock that wants me... and it's been awhile since we got to go out together to set up guys to fuck me. I miss being used by random strangers... like the attendant at the dressing room.

It was now my turn to flip him over as I climbed on to of him and rode his cock while facing Ben. Ben looked like he could cum anytime when a started aggressively fucking Peter. I put my feet down so I could lift my body to stroke his cock better. When I started to pick up the pace, Peter told me he was about to cum... and one look at Ben showed he was about to do the same. I hoped off and told him to cum in my mouth, as I started sucking his cock again... it didn't take long before Peter was shooting on my tongue, while I rubbed myself to orgasm. Peter got up to go to the bathroom (I was impressed he managed to not look at Ben), and I blew a kiss to Ben, and turned off the light next to me. Ben understood and walked away.

Peter came back in the room and crawled into bed, rubbing his body up next to mine. I whispered "that was fun", too which Peter replied "it was... that poor guy is going to be so anxious for more". I kissed Peter and said "and I look forward to it" with a smile. Peter said "I want to watch you get fucked by other guys again soon... I miss the face you make with a new cock fucking you". "Mmmm" I replied "I miss it too". Peter kissed me and said "I love you, slut". I blushed and said "this slut loves you too".

The next morning, after repeatedly waking up throughout the night, I decided to give up trying to sleep and to off my mask. Ben was standing at the door jerking off, and I gave him a smile while saying "good morning". I hadn't realized that Peter had already left. Ben said "your door was open already". Peter probably left it open, possibly on purpose. I smiled at Ben and tapped on the bed next to me "come on it, but no ideas you little perv". Ben smiled at me and slid into the bed, lifting the blankets enough to see I was still nude from the night before. He scooted toward me, and I asked him if he saw the show last night (despite knowing he did, but I wanted to act like I couldn't see him). He smiled and said he did. I said "I'm glad to hear it, I was so turned on thinking about you watching me". Ben said "you're face is so hot while you're getting fucked". I felt that familiar tingle in my pussy when those words left his mouth. "Mmmm, thank you... I came so hard thinking about you while Peter fucked me". I could feel that Ben was rubbing his cock under the blanket, and I slowly reached down to rub my pussy. Ben watched as my hand slid down the blankets and ended on my crotch, so I'm sure he knew what I was doing.

Ben said "I didn't get to see your pussy last night... and I know you want to keep it covered from now on". I realized he was right, I told him he'd have one last chance to see my pussy, but I don't think he ever got the chance last night. "I'm sorry, I said... but I have to be a good and keep it private for Peter". Ben was quite for a bit and said "maybe just a peek?". I bit my lip and said "how about this... I could get some new lingerie for Peter today... want to go with me to and see how they look?" Ben smiled and said "can I stay in the dressing room with you if I keep my eyes closed" (which of course I knew he wouldn't actually close his eyes), and I answered "if your eyes are closed, I don't see the problem". Ben smiled and said "when do we go?". I laughed and said "there are 24 hour adult stores that sell lingerie, we can go anytime... let me take a shower first".

I got up and walked to the bathroom naked, but he only had a view of my ass. I left the door open and told Ben to get dressed, it wouldn't take me long to shower. I stepped in the tub and closed the shower, as I heard Ben walk past into his room to get dressed. I knew once I was trying on the lingerie I'd be showing him everything... and I honestly did want to get some lingerie to surprise Peter with, since he brought it up last night. I was soaping myself up when I could hear Ben breathing as he walked in the bathroom... and I had a feeling where this was going, but it wasn't until I saw the shadow of his head as it got close to the bottom corner of the curtain that I knew for sure. The little perv was going to peek on me, lol. I wasn't expecting it, but I certainly didn't mind... let him get his thrills. I acted as if I didn't notice him even when I could clearly see his head in the corner of my eyes. I realized my pussy was getting a bit of stubble, but I didn't have time to shave it today... I'm sure he would have liked to watch that though. I made sure he got a good look at the pussy he had been wanting to see... that he had shoved his tongue inside of yesterday. I took my time to tease him, but didn't want to be in the shower for to long... I was looking forward to teasing him in a dressing room again, and seeing about maybe going a little further.

I called for Ben like I didn't know he was there, and he took some steps back and then replied "yeah?". I said "can you go into my top drawer and pick out some panties for me? Pick which ever ones you'd like to see me in". Ben replied "ok" as I heard him leave the room. I stopped the water, dried off, and wrapped the towel around my body before stepping out and seeing Ben grinning. I walked into the room and he handed me the panties he picked out. The skimpiest pair of panties that I own... I forgot I even had them, because they weren't very practical... they were just a string with the smallest see through thin patch for my pussy, which wasn't going to cover anything. I put them on under my towel and then went to find a short skirt, and small top I could wear braless... I fully planned on doing some teasing today, and I knew no one would mind at the adult store. I got dressed, not allowing Ben to see too much until I was ready to tease later.

Once I was dressed, I asked if he would help stretch my leg again. I said "I know my panties will show, but that's OK... it's just panties. Ben was quick to agree to assist, as I laid back on the bed. He pulled my leg away to spread me out, and I could feel that I was skipping out of my little patch that covered my lips. He continued to move my leg around just like before, while staring at my panties. I said "the panties probably don't cover much, but that's OK", to which Ben replied "it covers some of it", with a mischievous grin.

After he moved my legs around for awhile, while still staring at my cunt (which I'm sure was mostly exposed), he asked "can I lick it around the panties again?"... and if I didn't want to get the lingerie, I would have let him. I knew if I let him now, we wouldn't be going anywhere. I said "maybe when we get back, but we should go now". Ben said "ok, I won't forget!".

We left and headed to the adult store, but it didn't dawn on me that he wasn't 21 and couldn't get in. I figured it was worth a shot, so I tried... but sure enough they said no. I thought about it for a minute... and I knew another place that would probably not say anything... but I was worried about going there. I had been there plenty of times before with my husband... but it has a adult arcade and theater, and I was worried about what I might do if tempted. I was always to nervous to go alone, but Peter had taking me there many of times awhile back, and I always got a lot cocks to suck on and fuck. Strangers I wouldn't even see, just get used by. Often times the clerks would even get some too. It was a seddier place, but the more I thought about how it was a bad idea to go, the more I convinced myself I wanted to.

I looked at Ben and said "I know another place... but it might be more than you can handle". Ben smiled at me and said "I'm sure I could handle it". I said "I was hoping you'd say that, let's give it a shot"... and off we went…

