Note: This story was dynamically reformatted for online reading convenience.

Author: Arthur Kay Title: Duke's Sex Slave (Pt.  1) Duke Daze!  Part: 1 of
6 Summary: Johnny 'The Duke' Dukes turns 'Scooter' into his personal sex
slave (his 'boy') and teaches him to do things Just the way I like it! 
Keywords: M, MM, nc, rape, ws, humil, interr, anal, ws, humor

   WARNING: This story is an act of fiction that contains graphic sexual
descriptions and language.  If you are a minor (under 21) or if you are
offended by this kind of material then you should stop reading now.  Any
resemblance between this story and a real event is coincidental.  The
participants are imaginary; their actions have no negative consequences
other than those portrayed in the story.  The story is intended for
entertainment and should not be emulated in the real world.

   Duke's Sex Slave (Pt.  1): Duke Daze!

   by Arthur Kay

   When I had my very first orgasm, as a young boy, I couldn't believe how
fantastic it felt.  I had masturbated while looking at a deck of French
playing cards.  Naked women were shown performing all kinds of sex acts on
men who were wearing only the proverbial pair of black socks.  The pictures
were in black and white and very grainy, but they filled the bill.

   I was very turned on by the ones where the woman was taking the man's
cock into her mouth.  And, the amazing thing is, I didn't know why.  All I
knew was for some unknown and strange reason, the sight of it made my cock
and balls stir into full battle mode.  Which was certainly good enough for
masturbation.

   I masturbated quite a lot back then.  Three times a day was usual for
me, but many days I would spank the monkey five or six times.  My record
for one day was eleven times!  Yeah, my dick was sore, but very happy!

   I just couldn't get enough of that fantastic, wonderful cum-shooting
feeling.

   At one point, I don't remember exactly when, I was curious about tasting
my own sperm.  To do this I unloaded my cum into a waxed paper cup, then
upended the cup and let it slide down into my open mouth.  I then swished
it around in my mouth before swallowing it all.  Although the taste was
strange to me, I altogether didn't hate its effect on my tongue and throat.
Like your first Scotch, it could be seen as a bit of an acquired taste.

   It reminded me somewhat of salty onions.  I also liked the fact that
this salty onion taste would stay in the back of my throat for hours and
hours and could be tasted everytime I swallowed.  From that day forward,
even today, I usually swallow my own cum after masturbating.  And, if not
in the mood to do so, I cum into a small jar and freeze it.  Later, when I
feel the need to taste some cum, I'll nuke it (15 seconds on high, Ms. 
Stewart!) to warm it a tad, and swallow it down.  Sometimes the jar would
have more than one load in it, like three or four.  I'd dish it out to my
mouth a little at time, extending and savoring the taste.

   Well, anyway, one Saturday afternoon, back then, found me tossing a
Spaulding rubber ball against the stoop of a brownstone.  My life would be
changed forever on that day when Johnny Dukes showed up.

   Johnny Dukes, or as everyone in the neighborhood called him, The Duke,
at 17, was also the roughest, toughest kid in the neighorhood.  He stood
about six feet tall and was over two hundred pounds of solid muscle, the
product of daily weight lifting.

   The Duke was one rough bastard, to be sure.  Grown men feared this kid.
And he would fight anyone at the drop of an insult, real or imagined. 
Rumor had it that he had never lost a fight, which I found was, as did most
folks, very easy to believe.

   It was also rumored that a boy named Robbie had been killed by The Duke
because he had somehow displeased him.  Robbie, so the rumor went, was then
dumped into the local lake.  Or, in some versions, buried in the local
park. Take your pick.

   Years later I found this tale to be absolutely untrue.  Robbie's parents
had simply moved out of town taking him with them, as good parents most
times do.

   Seems the rumor was started by none other than The Duke himself,
probably to enhance his already fearful reputation.  It sure worked! 
Everyone I knew at the time believed it was true and the story got even
more sordid with each telling.  It grew from a mere killing to a
full-fledged hack-Robby-up-into-little-pieces story.  Brrr!

   It was also rumored, which I later found out was true, that Robbie was
The Duke's "boy," his personal sex slave.  Which, in a strange way, gave
Robbie, a thin, spindly kid, a certain kind of you-better-leave-me-alone
aura.  Where before Robbie had been teased for being a tad feminine, from
the moment he became "Johnny's Boy," or "The Duke's Boy," no one, not even
the rougher kids, messed with him.

   It was common to hear one tough kid tell another tough kid, "Hey, man,
leave him alone!  He's The Duke's boy!" Such was the fear all the
neighborhood kids had of Johnny "The Duke" Dukes.

   It was also common knowledge throughout the neighborhood that Robbie
liked sucking dick.  All a guy had to do to get blown was get Robbie alone
and say the magic words, "On your knees!" Robbie would quickly comply and
wait for the guy's cock to be offered.

   These same magic words had been, it was also well known and found to be
true, used by fifteen guys from a rival high school football team.  After
one particular game was history, they had taken him into the men's room,
put him into one of the stalls and, one after the other, took turns feeding
Robbie their cocks and cum.

   It was also said, though not proven, that Robbie loved it so much he
went to their school looking for a rematch.  At least that was the story
going around at the time.  Or I should say more accurately, stories, which
were many and varied.  Not only had the rematch taken place, so the story
went, but the number of guys had jumped to 20.  Or 30.  Or 50.  Or any
number in between.  Pick one.  In all versions, Robbie was named their team
mascot: Tiger Mouth, the Maneater.

   One truly wild version had the guys keeping Robbie in a tool shed behind
the school for a week, using his oral services at will.  In this scenario,
Robbie was said to have worn a dog collar and was chained to a lawn mowing
tractor.

   Now, if The Duke had found out about these shenanigans and these guys
usurping his private stock, so to speak, all hell would have occurred. 
Since peace remained, I assume Duke stayed ignorant of it all.

   "Watcha doin' squirt?" The Duke said from behind me.  This startled me
so much I jumped.  "Nothing, Duke," I said, my fear immediately coming into
the picture.  "Just playing around, Duke." Man, I was nervous!  He looked
even tougher up close and personal.

   He then demanded a cigarette.  I took one out of the pack I had rolled
up in my tee shirt's sleeve.  Then he demanded I light it for him.  Then he
demanded I, 'careful now, kid!' place the lit butt into his mouth.  I
slavishly complied, my hands trembling.  No one, but no one, ever denied or
refused a direct request from The Duke's.  I was sure enough too scared to
be the first sucker to test those waters.

   We had some lame teenage chitchat and then, at some point, The Duke
invited me to go to his cellar clubhouse to lift some weights with him. 
Now, I sure as shit didn't say, "No Thanks, Dukie, old chum, I've got
better things to do!  See ya around sometime!"

   No sirree, Bob!  The Robbie in the lake episode was way too fresh in my
active young mind.  Shit, if he told me we were off to rob a bank, I would
merely have asked, "Which one, Duke?"

   Thus, off we went to The Duke's "clubhouse." The Duke and The Dope.

   Duke lived with his father, who was disabled from a car crash.  Seems
Duke and his parents were out for one of those Sunday go-nowhere drives,
when the father, mighty drunk at the time, lost control of the wheel and
tried to find out just how hard those concrete pilings along the highway
really were.  Duke got off with a few bumps and bruises.  His mother, poor
woman, died instantly.  His father was paralyzed from the waist down.

   Dear old dad now spent everyday in his bed on the topmost floor watching
TV and swilling beer.  In essence, Duke now ran the household and, in
effect, it was his house to do with it what he wished.

   The Duke's house, on a corner, was unkempt in appearance and needed more
repairs than you could list on one sheet of paper.  The lawn, if one could
call it that, needed a good mowing and the dandelions ruled the grass.

   The Duke led me around to the back of the house where we entered his
cellar "clubhouse" by going through a wooden door which lay flat on the
ground.  He bent down, opened a lock, and, as he lifted the door up, told
me to enter.

   I went down six or seven old wooden steps, on very unsure and shaky
legs, and found myself in a not-too-bad-looking cellar room.  The neatness
of the place totally surprised me.  It looked as if it had a regular
cleaning routine in place.  The floor was wall-to-wall carpeted, a pleasant
green color, and one wall was fully mirrored.  There was a sofa and desk
present and I found the sight of the place warm and friendly.  Especially
the wall covered in pictures of women in various stages of undress.  The
place sure looked male-friendly, to say the least.

   In front of the fully-mirrored wall was a weight lifting setup and
alongside the weights was a full-length, roll-around mirror, the type you
might find in most men's clothing stores.



   The Duke got me a bottle of beer, the first I'd ever had, and we talked,
if you could call it that, about things that I no longer remember.  I do
remember the beer hitting me quickly, as did the second beer he "offered"
me.



   In no time, I had a real buzz on and my fear of the Duke had greatly
subsided.  Oh, fore sure, it was hovering above my head somewhere, but we
were now buddies, old Dukie and me.  Two chummy buddies downing a few
brewskies together and chatting it up.  To old buds who would soon lift
weights together.  Yeah, right!  Was I young and dumb, or what?

   "Ok, Scooter, let's get down to some weight lifting." The Duke said this
as he stripped off his tee shirt and started removing his cut-off jeans. 
I'll never forget him then adding, "Get naked, stupid, after all we don't
want to get our clothes all sweaty now, do we?" Made perfect sense to me at
the time.

   Man, how naive could I have been?  But it sounded logical to me and I
foresaw no other possibility looming other than two guys lifting weights
who cared about their clothing.  Maybe it was the beer.  Or my age.  It was
probably both.

   After he had stripped off his shorts and underwear, I couldn't help but
notice that although he didn't have an erection, even in its flaccid state
his cock was longer than my usually 7 hard inches.  It hung down way down
and flopped from side to side as he moved, slapping against his legs.  I
guess I stared a bit because he said, "Yeah, it's a beauty, ain't it?" He
reached down and fondled himself, twirling his cock in a circle and
laughing.  "You like looking at it?"

   I had no idea how to answer that question.  A "No!" would have been an
insult thrown at him and a definite "Yes!" would have meant something else
entirely.  I felt myself redden up and quickly averted my eyes from his
crotch area.  I also felt as if I had been caught doing something I
shouldn't have done, but I didn't truly know what that was.  The two close
friends I had, Richie and Donny, had yet to discuss "fags" and "queers"
with me, or each other for that matter.



   So, very lamely, I'm sure, I said, "It's . . .  it's a beauty, all
right, Duke.  I wish I had one just like it.  You must drive the girls wild
with it!" He just looked at me and grinned which made me more nervous than
I can tell you.  Then he motioned for me to catch up with him in the
getting naked category.



   Well, in a short time, there we were, in his clubhouse, both naked as
jaybirds, Duke, the killer of Robbie, and little old me, the beer-sodden
sheep, ready for the slaughter.

   Being totally naked in front of The Duke felt very strange to me,
indeed, as did the fact that I had a stirring in my balls area.  It
confused me and I fought back the urging to have an erection.  I also
fought the urge to peek at The Duke's cock again, which he was now
unashamedly playing with and jerking it, pulling on it.

   A super-quick stolen glance in the men's store mirror told me that he
was getting an erection, a fact that both scared and fascinated me.  His
cock looked huge, unhuman-like.

   I hadn't even the slightest clue as to what was going to transpire.  I
had been naked with other guys before in the school gym's shower room so
his "getting all sweaty" comment made perfect sense to me.  And the next
weird thing we did made perfect sense to me, too.  Ha ha!  Friggin' idiot!

   He grabbed my arm and led me into a small bathroom that had a stand-in,
stall shower, a commode, and a very tiny porcelain sink.  The small room
was spotlessly clean, which surprised me.

   "Gotta grease up, Scooter!" The Duke said matter-of-factly.  "Don't
wanna get cramps now, do we?" Cramps!  It made perfect sense to me!  At
least, until he told me to bend over and grab onto the commode's seat with
both of my hands.

   I followed his order, but it sure seemed odd to me, especially when I
heard him opening a jar of something behind me.  His comment, "Cute butt!"
didn't exactly inspire ease in me, either.  But, I was too scared to say or
do anything.

   I had an inkling all was not kosher when he spread my ass cheeks and
applied a greasy substance to my anus, then inserted a lubed finger and
rotated it a bit.  Then he added a second finger.  It felt strange, to be
sure, but what did I know about the weight lifting game?  Ha ha!  Innocent
schmuck.

   At the same time, it also had a profound sexual effect on me.  I didn't
know about prostate glands at the time, but I found myself starting to get
an erection, in spite of myself.  This made me feel ashamed and it
embarrassed me no end, but when I glanced under my left arm and saw that
The Duke was also erect, it seemed as if it was somehow natural and OK.  A
thing between us weight lifters that was the usual order of things.

   As he sawed his two fingers in and out of my rectum, he asked me, "Feel
good?" I mumbled a "Yeah" as I felt his fingers dig in a bit way too deep.
However, it was true.  It did feel good.  Like the relieved feeling you get
when crapping.  A later friend of mine used to say: "The most overrated
thing in the world is fucking and the most underrated thing is shitting."
He had a point there.

   Duke said, "I can't hear you, Scooter!  Now say it, I love your big
fingers in my ass!  Say it!  Now!"

   I said it, "I . . .  I love your big fingers in my ass, Duke." He
laughed.  Not a derisive laugh, but one of those laughs that say "Oh,
yeah!"

   "I'll bet it does, Scooter!" he said and laughed again.  "Just wait,
baby, until my big dick is in your poop shoot.  It'll feel so good you'll
scream for joy!" He paused then added, "Now, rotate your cute little ass on
my fingers." I complied, moving my ass in little circles as his fat fingers
probed in and out.  As I rotated, he said, "Good boy!  You're doing just
great.  We're gonna get along just fine you and me."

   Then he said, "Now, add going up and down on my fingers to the little
circles." I tried, but it seemed impossible, like crossing your eyes and
rolling them at the same time.  However, after a few mistakes I succeeded.
I would complete half the circle on the trip toward him and the other half
on the way back.  I didn't know why, but it was starting to feel very nice.
My erection was reacting, too.  It was harder than ever before.

   "Good boy, Scooter!" The Duke said.  "You learn fast.  I like that in a
guy." A compliment, for crissakes, for doing good circles and back and
forths while letting him ass fuck me with his fingers.  What next?  A
fucking gold star?

   Now, it must be pointed out that The Duke hadn't made any direct
threats. So far, everything was implied by mere innuendo.  I don't know
what would have happened if I told him to stop it, dude, I'm going home.  I
just had the overall impression that I would have somehow regretted
choosing that option.  And, if truth be known, I was aroused, not to
mention very curious.

   He continued holding both fingers very still while I circled and rotated
on them.  Then he bent over me and whispered loudly in my ear, "You know
you're The Duke's boy now, don't you?" In fear, I mumbled, "Yes!" which was
true and I knew it.  He added, "Good.  We understand each other.  And,
you'll see, Scooter, it's gonna be great fun."

   Why he kept calling me Scooter, I never found out.  I do know that every
time he said the name, it sent a shiver through me.  I also wondered if he
called Robbie by the same name.  I figured he had.  I could picture Robbie,
small and spindly, standing just like I was now, working on The Duke's
fingers with his girlish ass.  Yeah, I thought, Robbie went down this same
path.  Strange the way the mind works in times of stress.

   Duke then told me to turn around and, as he dried his hands on a towel,
he handed me the jar of what I now saw was, as I had guessed from the
smell, Vaseline.

   "Grease me up, Scooter!"The Duke said.  Ha ha ha!  I actually stood
there like an idiot waiting for him to turn around so I could lube his
asshole as he had mine.  Moronville, next stop!.

   "My cock, you dummy," he growled, "grease my cock!" I reached out, but
before I could put any lube on his cock, he said, "Hold on, Scooter, I've
gotta piss." He grabbed my arm and led me quickly into the bathroom.  Uh
oh! I had an idea of what was coming.  I didn't think he just wanted me to
hold it for him.  Oh, no.  Funny maybe, but I remembered the French playing
cards.  Three of the women had been pictured with men's dicks up their
asses.  I hadn't paid it much attention at the time, but it sure stood out
in my mind now.

   "Get into the stall and on your knees, Scooter.  Quickly!" Now I knew
what was going to happen for certain, but what could I do?  I knew he was
going to piss in my mouth, but I didn't say a word.  I didn't karate chop
him, either and say, over his prostrate body, "See, Duke?  That's what
happens when you try to fuck with The Scooter Man!"

   Oh, no!  I simply got into the stall and dropped to my knees, quietly
and obediently awaiting his further instructions.  The idea of it
happening, his pissing in my mouth, made me queasy and very lightheaded,
but these feelings soon gave way to the strong overriding fear I had in me.
Oh, well, how bad could it be?

   As I knelt before him, he squeezed the base of his cock hard to control
the piss flow and said, "Look at me!" I looked up at him.  "As I piss I
want you to swallow rapidly so you don't get any on the floor.  You
understand me, Scooter?" I nodded meekly.  "Good!  Now, open your mouth and
put it on my prick!  Hurry now!" I complied, with my eyes closed shut,
feeling very humiliated.

   In a moment I felt his warm, bitter-tasting piss enter my mouth and hit
the back of my throat.  It came out in a flood and my mouth quickly filled
up.  I swallowed, gulping audibly.  More piss followed and more and more. I
swallowed and swallowed and swallowed.  It seemed as if he'd piss forever.
Beer will do that, I guess.  I had tears in my eyes, which were still
tightly shut, not from crying, but from the taste of his hot, acrid-like
piss.

   He stopped pissing and I thought he was done.  He wasn't.  He was once
again squeezing the piss off at his cock's base.  He soon let it burst
again by releasing his hold.  It burst into my mouth forcefully.  I
swallowed.  Again he stopped and again he burst forth.  It felt as if I was
sucking his cock and he was cumming the world's biggest cum load.  A bitter
load, at that.  Finally, he was done pissing.  I swallowed what remained in
my mouth and could taste it fully.  It was piss, no doubt about that.

   He pulled his cock out of my mouth and told me to kiss the pee hole and
thank his cock for pissing in my mouth.  Totally humiliated and degraded, I
felt I had to comply.

   With my eyes still closed, I sought out his cock and brought it to my
lips.  He laughed at my blind man's groping.  Then he tilted my head up and
said, "Open your fucking eyes, Scooter!  Otherwise you're insulting me!" I
opened my eyes and looked at him, feeling like a four year old who was
being reamed out by daddy for being recalcitrant.

   "Sorry, Duke." was all I could think of to say.  He grinned at me. 
"That's OK, Scooter," he said gently.  "You'll learn.  Now, kiss the
peehole and say what I told you to say." I kissed his peehole and said, "Th
. . .  th . . .  thank you for pissing in my mouth."

   He then told me to add, with more peehole kisses, "My mouth is yours to
piss into any time you want." And, "I love the taste of your piss in my
mouth." Would the day come when actually I did?  I didn't think so, but I
said the words anyway.

   The only upside to all this was it seemed to please The Duke immensely,
which made my chances of living another day seem more likely.  And weirdly,
the degradation must have appealed to me somewhat for I realized I had a
stiff-on that was truly harder than usual; in spite of taking another guy's
piss.

   We then went back to me greasing him up, the taste of his piss fresh in
my mouth.

   Now, it must be said that at this time in my life, I had no interest in
other men's dicks, in men in general, and men sure as shit didn't turn me
on.  In fact, today, men, per se, don't turn me on.  Not even mildly.  Give
me tits and pussy, if you get my drift.

   I didn't have, as one could say, a gay bone in my puny little body. 
But, for some unknown reason, as I applied the "grease" to his cock, I felt
a stirring in my own crotch.  As I touched, and saw, his member start to
erect itself, my own cock twitched.  And his cock was truly unreal.  I
marvelled at it's size.  Over eight inches long, very thick, with a long
head that was easily over two inches long, from its peehole tip to its
highly pronounced ridged flange.  The elongated cockhead took up fully
one-quarter of his overall length.

   His erection, when at full bore, stood more that just straight up; it
was seemingly bound to his stomach, and higher than his belly button.  It
was super-hard with large, rope-like veins along both sides which magnified
its thickness.  It looked, in a word, menacing.

   The cockhead was a lighter skin tone than the shaft and purplish-pink in
color.  And, if you pushed his cock downward and let it go, it would spring
back to his belly as if magnetized.  An amazing sight!  It really
fascinated me.  To this day I have never seen a cock quite like it.  Truly
one of a kind and that ain't no lie.

   My greasing done to his liking, The Duke led me over to the weight
lifting setup and told me to try and lift the weight on top of the weight
rack.

   Shit, it weighed over two hundred pounds; so I could hardly budge it. 
This seemed to satisfy him and he told me to just hold onto the weight's
crossbar with both hands.  This put me in a bent over position, my ass
upended and exposed to the air and to The Duke's gaze.

   He then told me, very forcefully, "No matter what happens, Scooter,
don't let go of the weight!  OK?"

   I said "OK," feeling very exposed, totally helpless, scared, and excited
at the same time.  I knew what was going to happen now and I had resigned
myself to just let it happen.  The thought of trying to run, fight, argue,
reason with him, or anything else, never even entered my head at this time.
If it did, I don't remember it now.

   Duke then got behind me and I felt the head of his cock touch and probe
my anus, pushing inward.  He had one hand spreading my cheeks and the other
helping his cock work its way into my ass hole.  I could feel the pressure
being applied by his cockhead as it sought entrance into me.  For some
strange reason I no longer felt scared.  As long as he didn't kill me, who
cares?  was my reasoning.  As long as I didn't end up in the lake, like
poor Robbie, who cares?  If he was going to fuck me, let him fuck me. 
After all, how bad could it be?  It hadn't killed Robbie.  Or had it?

   He entered me a bit, perhaps an inch, and I felt some pain.  Not
excruciating pain, but pain is pain.  I let out an involuntary "Ow." He
then told me if I relaxed and just opened up my asshole it wouldn't hurt so
much.  I tried that, using muscle control, and he plunged in a few inches
more.  This time it didn't hurt as much, but it sure had a weird effect on
me.  Bright shooting stars burst in my head, huge goose bumps covered my
entire body, and a cold draft ran across my ass cheeks.  Amazing how well I
remember that cold draft of air!  Some things you never forget, I guess.

   Duke moved into me a few more inches and told me to look in the wall's
mirror.  He had rolled the full-length store mirror into a position behind
me that allowed me to actually see his cock going in and out of my young
ass.

   "See, Scooter?  You're getting fucked just like a girl!" I had never
seen my ass before and seeing it now both amazed and confused me.  In
contrast to The Duke's muscular legs and hard masculine cock, my ass looked
very soft and . . .  girlish!  There was no other word for it.  If I hadn't
known better, I'd have thought I was looking at a man fucking a young
teenage girl doggy style.  I was mesmerized and staring.  Duke caught it.

   "Yeah, Scooter, you've got one sweet girlie ass on you.  Even cuter than
Robbie's." Then, as if remembering, he said, "Wasn't that long ago Robbie
was looking in this very mirror and also seeing my big prick in his cute
little ass-pussy.  He loved it, too." I still stared, shocked by the visual
before me.

   The Duke then said, "Now, sweet cheeks, like Robbie did, tell me you
love my big cock in your ass-pussy." He then rammed it in all the way and I
lost my breath, grabbed firmly onto the cross bar and gasped for air.  He
laughed.  "Say it!"

   I said it, in fear and pain, still gasping.  "I . . .  I . . .  I love
your big cock in my ass-pussy, Duke!" And, in truth, I did.  It felt
fantastic!  Strange and wonderful at the same time.  It was pain mixed with
pleasure.

   I actually found myself meeting his forward thrusts with my own backward
movements.  My whole being was now a combination of bursting stars, giant
goose bumps, and strange, wonderful feelings.  If, before this, anyone had
told me I would love being ass fucked, I would have thought they were
crazy. Now, as The Duke fucked me, I could smell his musk, his sweat, and
the Vaseline.  And all of it turned me on.

   And his movements in me no longer hurt, in fact they felt great, and as
I watched him fucking me in the mirror, my only fear was that he'd find out
I had a hardon.  I don't know why I cared about that, but I did.  Perhaps I
didn't want him to know I was turned on.  As if it mattered.

   At some point, as he deep-fucked my ass, the unbelievable happened.  My
cock starting spurting!  Shooting cum as if it had a mind of its own.  It
felt different from my normal orgasms, more intense somehow, and it had
taken me completely by surprise.  Now, this wasn't just a mere precum burst
caused by having my prostate massaged.  This was a full fledged orgasm,
complete with my balls tightening up.

   I rushed a hand to my cock to hide this fact from him, but I was too
slow.  He had seen me spurting in the store mirror.

   He leaned over me and I'll never forget his hot breath on my ear as he
said, "I made you shoot, Scooter!  That's great!  Means you love it and
we're gonna get along just fine." He licked my ear and neck and added,
"From now on, every day, every fucking day, Scooter, you're going to do me.
And later on today, I'm going to show you how I like my cock sucked.  Ever
suck a guy's cock, Scooter?" I answered, truthfully, "No, Duke, never
have." He laughed.

   He said he didn't think I had and this fact seemed to delight him. 
"Well, Scoot," he whispered, his hot breath bathing my ear lobe, "You're
not only going to suck the cock that's now up your ass-pussy, but I'm going
to show you exactly how I like it sucked.  OK?" I mumbled an "OK." I was
resigned to my fate.  After all, how bad could it be?

   In truth, the idea didn't totally turn me off.  I had tried,
unsuccessfully, to suck my own cock.  Many times.  The closest I came to
doing it was when, lying on the bed with my ass running up the wall and my
body doubled over, I managed to get my cock a few inches from my mouth.  It
was frustrating not being double-jointed enough to get it any closer to my
lips, but I managed to jerk off in that very uncomfortable position and
squirt my load directly down into my mouth.  I liked the cum hitting my
outstretched tongue and dripping back to my throat.  Man, I sure would have
given an arm if I could have sucked myself off completely.

   The Duke, dug his fingers into my hips and proceeded to fuck me like a
rag doll!  Fast, furious, eight inch full-depth strokes.  It had me
breathless, gasping, lightheaded, and feeling as if I would pass out.  I
could hear his groin making slapping sounds as he pounded against my
buttocks.  I could hear myself moaning loudly as he went in an out of me.
He had said that I would end up screaming for joy and I didn't make him out
a liar.  I started to yell.

   "Oh, man, oh man!  Ooooh, man!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh, God, oh, man!" I was
in fucking heaven!  The pleasure I felt was indescribable.  I yelled and I
yelled.

   Duke was also yelling something, but I couldn't hear him.  I was yelling
too loudly and my ears were all blocked up.  I stole a glance in the wall
mirror and the lewd sight amazed me.  His cock looked like a piston going
in and out of my asshole, in and out.  And, it felt fantastic!  He'd pull
out to where he had only the tip of his cock in my ass and then plunge to
his full length.  He'd pull back and do it again.  In and out, in and out.
The feeling was unbelievably wonderful.  I felt absolutely giddy from it
all.  I glanced in the wall mirror and saw that I looked drugged and
glassy-eyed.

   My goose bumps felt as if they were the size of golf balls!  The stars
in my head were bursting all over the place.  I was getting the fucking
Fourth of July from an ass screwing.  I could see, in the mirror, that he
was sweating as he worked my asshole.  His muscular legs had a glistening
effect, a sheen, spread all over them as he pounded my ass silly.

   Then his voice finally came to me: "Tell me you love me fucking you,
Scooter!  Say it!" I screamed, really meaning it, "I love you fucking me!
Yes, Duke, I love you fucking me!" He let out a huge laugh as he squeezed
my waist harder, pulled me toward him, and continued his assault.  He said,
"Your ass, Scooter, is nice and tight.  It's really pleasing me." I pushed
back toward him and he liked me doing so.

   "Scooter!  I'm gonna stay real still.  I want you to fuck my dick by
moving back and forth." I complied and it felt strange.  As I moved my ass
back and forth, feeling his cock go in and out, my senses seemed even more
acute.  I could feel his full cock more, even the flange of his head.  He
even seemed longer as I pushed my buttocks back against his belly.  I was
enjoying the action more now that I could control it somewhat.  I also
varied my speed, going deliberately, sensuously slow, then speeding up for
a bit.  It was lovely.

   He then ordered me to reach under and play with his balls.  And, the
bitch is, I loved it, having his hairy balls in my hand.  I caressed them,
feeling the eggs inside roll about.  And I loved all the other feelings,
the new sensations, the goose bumps, the shooting stars, everything.  If
The Duke had said to me, right then and there, "Got a surprise for you,
Scooter, ten more guys want to fuck your ass, one after the other!" I swear
I would have said, "Only ten, Duke?"

   Then, another strange thing occurred.  When The Duke shot his load in my
ass I could, naturally, feel his penis twitch and pulsate, but beyond that,
I could feel his cum shoot in me!  It felt like a ball of fire!  Hot, hot,
hot.  I didn't know it at the time, but my body temperature's normal rating
is one and a half to two degrees lower than most folks.  Thus, my "normal"
body temperature is between 96.5 to 97 degrees.  This accounted for my
being able to feel the difference between his cum and my body temperature.
It might have been my imagination, but the ball of fire seemed to be the
size of a man's fist.

   When some of the Duke's cum dripped out and dribbled down my leg, a
stupid fleeting thought crossed my mind about getting pregnant!  God, I was
feeling too damn girlish for my own good!

   When The Duke finished cumming, he stayed in me until he went totally
limp, talking about how great it had been and getting me to "admit" how
much I had enjoyed it.  As he talked I could feel drops of his sweat
falling on my backside.  What a fucking workout!  I was satiated, to say
the least.  But The Duke had more in store for his Scooter.

   He then took me back into the stall shower.

   He told me to wash my ass and had me wash the Vaseline off his dick. 
While we were doing this he talked about cocksucking in general and my
mouth in particular.  He asked again if I had ever sucked a cock, and I
truthfully replied, again, that I hadn't.

   "Well, today Scooter, is your lucky day!  We're gonna bust that cherry!
And, you'll see, before we're through, you're gonna love sucking my cock.
Right?" "Right, Duke." was all I said.

   He then stuck one of his fat thumbs in my face and told me to put my
mouth on it and suck it and go up and down on it.  I complied, feeling
idiotically strange and baby-like.  He told me to get his thumb good and
wet.  "Don't swallow your saliva, Scooter.  Just let it flow out." I
mumbled an, "Mmm hmm" as I fellated his thumb, my saliva spilling out.

   As I sucked he said, "Yeah, you got a really hot mouth, Scooter!  Nice
and wet, too." Then he had me suck his two middle fingers at once.  He told
me to move my tongue around as I sucked and also told me to vary the
pressure of my lips on his fingers.  I followed his directions and found
the sucking action to be most pleasurable.

   By this time, if you haven't guessed, I was resigned to my fate and, if
truth be known, the idea of tasting someone's sperm other than my own, did
have its own weird appeal.  That I'd have to suck him off to get to the cum
taste was a given to me and I didn't care.

   Why he didn't tell me, then and there, to suck him off, I don't know.  I
do know I would have complied willingly, without the slightest protest or
argument.  My erection was back in full swing and I now actually wanted to
suck his big cock.  In truth, if he had said he had changed his mind and I
couldn't blow him, I would have been greatly disappointed.  He had
ass-pussy fucked me and I had loved it.  I had no doubt I would love
sucking him off, too.  It seemed as natural as natural can get.

   He ordered me to towel off.  I did and we then went back into the
clubhouse.  The Duke plopped down onto the couch, his hairy, muscular legs
splayed out wide, his hairy cock and balls on full display.  He looked
truly lewd as he sat there playing with his dick with one hand and rubbing
his balls with the other.  I no longer tried to hide my looking at his
cock. I didn't care any more.  I knew I was going to suck him off.  He knew
it.  I also knew he was going to tell me how to suck it and how to pleasure
him.  I was ready for whatever orders he chose to lay on me.

   He ordered me to kneel down between his legs, which I did.  I rested my
elbows on his legs in preparation for blowing him.  I took the base of his
erection in my right hand and started my head down toward his cockhead.  He
had other ideas.  He reached out and put a hand on my shoulders and told me
to wait.  He said, "Mmm, you're eager, Scooter!  That's great, but first
things first.  I want my balls sucked on.  Sucked on real good and gotten
real wet.  Now, Scoot, I want you to get a mouthful of saliva and put your
mouth on my nuts when I tell you to.  Got it?"

   "Yes, Duke." I said.  I mustered up a pool of saliva and waited.

   He then ordered me to suck on balls, which were sizeable though not
overly huge.  They were covered with so much unruly pubic hair it was hard
to see them.  He told me to take each ball fully into my mouth in turn.  I
complied, saliva dripping freely, feeling each ball egg with my lips and
tongue.  Somehow, his balls, combined, reminded me of a walnut, complete
with that walnutty center crease.



   He then had me lick his cock all over.  He told me to cover his cock,
from his balls to the plump, bulbous head, with wet lip-kisses. 
Lip-kisses, he said, were the greatest.

   He told me to use both my tongue and my lips so it would be wetter.  He
said, "Get it wetter and it be better!" A poet, that Duke.

   Funny, I do remember, at some point, being eager to put his big cockhead
in my mouth and being annoyed at all these seemingly idiotic preliminaries.
But I did as I was told.  With a hardon that hurt.  And, I didn't care if
he knew it or not!  I was horny as hell and tempted to jerk off during the
process, but I felt it might anger him.

   I was past the point of no return.  I had been ass-fucked, loved it, and
was now administering my wet, hot mouth to The Duke's large, super-hard 8"
stomach-magnetized penis.  I wanted to suck him off and have him dump his
cum-load into my mouth so I could swallow it, taste it, feel his individual
brand of salty onions in the back of my throat, and sense it back there for
hours and hours.

   Finally!

   "Get more saliva and put your mouth on the head, Scooter!" I did both
and was amazed at the length of his cockhead as my lips ran over the very
pronounced ridged bump.  The ridge stood out a full quarter-inch from the
shaft's surface.  I could feel my lips alter shape as they bumped over the
flanged ridge.  And, no denying, it felt good in my mouth.  I could feel
the split of the cockhead's hard underside as it touched my tongue.

   My future ex-wife later called the flanged ridge "a speed bump for the
lips!" So true.  And, amazingly, sucking a cock requires no previous
training!  It's as natural to a human being as breathing or eating.  No one
needs to be trained to suck a lollipop, do they?

   Being a great cocksucker, however, does take practice.  Duke was about
to teach me a trick or two and put me on the road to becoming a great
cocksucker.  Whether I wanted to or not.  I wanted to.  Duke reached out
and tilted my head up.

   "Now, Scooter," he said, looking right at me.  "I want you to take my
whole cock into your mouth, all of it!  Every last inch!" Was he serious?
My French playing cards, my sex education to date, didn't show that being
done.  It didn't seem possible without choking to death.

   I made an initial effort, but when his hard, spongy mushroom cockhead
hit my gag reflex, I balked, gagging, and almost upchucked all over his
crotch.  My eyes teared up.

   Duke then told me concentrate in order to suppress and control the gag
reflex as I went down on him.  He told me to go very slowly until he hit
the gag reflex so I could concentrate more on controlling it.  He told me
to breathe through my nose and to just let my saliva flow.  Then he
inspired me when he said, "Because, Scooter, if you don't do it on your
own, I'm just gonna have to hold your head and force it down your throat!"
I got the message.

   I must be a quick study because on my first attempt I took all eight
inches, right down to his balls, into my mouth and down my throat.  Without
gagging at all.

   It felt so very strange.  As my lips locked around the base of his dick
and I could feel the entire 8" length down my throat, I felt impaled.  And,
if truth be known, I felt intense sexual excitement.  And an accomplishment
of a sort.

   As the pubic hair on his crotch touched my nose, he whooped, "I'll be
fucking damned, Scooter!  You did it!  Fantastico!  It took Robbie a whole
fucking month!  Now . . .  do it again!" I did.  He then taught me to vary
the show.  Work the head with a lip and tongue bath.  Take it all.  Work
the head, deep-throat.  Waggle the tongue.  Vary the pressure.

   "Now, kid, more tongue action.  Tighten your lips.  Suck it.  Lick it.
Now, suck it." School was in session!  And the pupil was paying close
attention.  And, fuck it, it felt fantastic!  My mouth felt like a tool
that I was using not only for his pleasure, but for my own, too.

   My lips felt great as they crossed and recrossed the cockhead's speed
bump.  The hot wetness of my mouth also felt great as his cock got all
slathered up from my deep-throat actions.  Whenever my lips neared the base
of his cock, I could feel him throb and pulsate, both with my lips and with
my thumb on the underside of the base.

   The Duke told me to stop for a moment.  "Get a load of saliva in your
mouth and then put your mouth back on it." I did as instructed and when I
put my mouth back on his cock my saliva made it all even more sexual
somehow.

   As I deep-throated his cock I had tears in my eyes.  Not from crying,
but from my gag reflex suppression exercises.  Also, my saliva, which The
Duke told me not to swallow, was cascading down his cock and onto his balls
making his crotch area sopping wet.  This seemed to turn The Duke on even
more.  "That's beautiful, baby, really great.  Nice and wet!  Ooooooooh! 
You suck real good, Scooter.  Now, let me mouth fuck you."

   He then stood up, vise-gripped my head in his hands, and told me to put
both my hands on his ass cheeks.  He then said, "I want you to squeeze my
ass as I fuck your mouth.  And pull me to you.  Got that?" I mumbled an
"Mmm Hmm." around his dick and squeezed and pulled both his muscular ass
halves toward me in further agreement.

   With only my mouth holding onto his cock this way, I could feel it
pushing upward against my lips in an attempt to attach itself back to his
belly.  Its pressure was enormous.  I had this weird idea rush through my
mind that I would be lifted off the floor by the damn thing!  There I'd be,
dangling in mid-air, held there by The Duke's massive erection.

   He then started mouth-fucking me in earnest.  Slowly at first, very
deliberately, then somewhat faster.  That he was enjoying himself, I had no
doubts.  As he plunged to his full depth, straight down my throat, I had a
tough time not gagging, but I soon learned to relax my throat to such a
degree that I could take all of him in easily.

   There we were, him mouth-fucking me, sawing his huge dick in and out of
my mouth, and me taking it all and squeezing his ass cheeks.  I found
myself involuntarily pulling his cheeks in my direction as he fucked my
hot, sloppy-wet mouth.  I continuously gurgled and my mouth made shlushing
noises as my saliva flew out all around his cock.  My saliva was now coming
out copiously all around his dick and dripping silently onto the carpetted
floor.  I could smell the musk and sweat coming off of his balls and it
spurred me on.

   Duke suddenly stopped and said, "Look up at me!" I looked up, his cock
half in my mouth, saliva still dripping out all over.  He clamped my head
for emphasis as he said, "When I shoot I want you to swallow every drop and
keep sucking until I tell you to stop.  Got that, Scooter?" I nodded. 
"Good.  And, just before I shoot, I'll pull it all out except for the head.
This way you will taste it and it won't go directly down to your belly. 
Got that?" I nodded again.  "And, when I'm shooting I want you to swirl
your tongue all around the underside of my head.  Got that?" Again, I
nodded.  "Good, here we go."

   Then, with a sudden inspiration, The Duke told me to go and fetch the
clothing store mirror.  I complied.  He set it up so he and I could look
into it and see me sucking him off.  I had to look to the side somewhat,
but I saw the entire action very clearly.  He did, too.

   We went back to his mouth fucking me and a minute or so later he came
his load.  His sudden yell made me start, "Ooooooo fucking shit, fucking
shit!  Ooooooo!"

   The first blast shot forcefuly to the back of my throat and I could feel
it sliding downward to my belly.  I swirled my tongue around his bottom
side as directed.  His cum was hot and thick and copious even though he had
cum not more than thirty minutes ago.  It also had the texture of thick
yogurt.  As some of it dripped out of my mouth, I could smell the musky,
detergent-like smell, of his cum load.

   As I swallowed his cum, The Duke reminded me to keep sucking, to suck it
until he was fully drained and soft.  Thus, I sucked his cock until it went
totally flaccid in my mouth.  Deep-throating it now was very simple,
indeed. It felt flabby and wobbly in my mouth.  And wonderful.  I had given
him pleasure and in doing so I had received it.

   The Duke's cum tasted stronger, if that's the word, than my own. 
Saltier, too.  And, for sure, there was way more of it.  So much more that
some of it had oozed out past my lips and I could feel its sticky wetness
on my chin.

   The Duke pulled his limp cock out of my mouth and plopped back onto the
couch.  I was still kneeling before him.  "Now, Scooter, kiss my cock and
tell it you loved sucking on it." I leaned forward and planted a kiss on
his flaccid penis.  "I loved sucking you," I said to his peehole, feeling a
bit stupid, but truthful.  "Now, Scooter, I'm gonna give you a treat.  I
want you to jerk off with my cockhead in your mouth.  You are to shoot your
wad into your hand and await my orders.  Got that, Scoot?" I saw what was
coming as I nodded.

   Thus, with his limp cockhead in my mouth, my right hand on its base, I
jerked my dick with my left hand.  It had softened up somewhat, but in no
time it was fully erect.  As I sucked on him I found myself involuntarily
moaning.  I was hot and wanted to shoot badly.

   The Duke reached out and caressed my neck.  "Atta boy!  You enjoy
yourself.  You deserve it after the great blowjob you gave me.  Now, after
you fill your hand up I want you to lick it all up." His words got to me. I
wanked in total abandonment.  Then the moment arrived.  I took my right
hand off his cock and cupped it under my cock.  I took my mouth off his
prick as I felt the first sensations.  In amazement I watched my load hit
my palm.  It was twice its normal volume!  And it felt more intense than
usual.  I moaned.  Duke laughed.  When I had emptied my balls completely I
raised the cum-laden hand to my face and licked it up.  Duke said, "Way to
go, Scooter!"

   Later, while I got dressed, The Duke informed me that this was going to
be a regular, daily thing.  Any objections, Scooter?  Scooter had none that
he could think of.  Not if he wanted to see tomorrow.  And, fuck it, I was
hooked on cock now.  And cum.  I knew it, and I knew I loved it.  And I
knew The Duke knew it, too.  His constant grins told me as much.

   He then told me I was a fantastic cocksucker, better than Robbie, but if
I ever sucked another cock without his direct permission, I'd join Robbie.
Point taken, Dukie, my new old chum!

   "Scooter?" Duke said.  "I'll let you in on a little secret.  You know
your little playmate, Richie?" I nodded not knowing what was coming. 
"Well, he was here, in front of that mirror, just last week.  And just like
you I fucked him and he sucked my dick.  Liked it, too, he did.  In fact,
he loved it so much he came back the next day for more!  But I didn't enjoy
his blowjobs at all.  His mouth was too small and his teeth kept raking my
cock something fierce."

   He saw me staring at him.  "Didn't know your little Richie loved getting
fucked and sucking cock, did you?" I said, "No, I didn't." How could I? 
Richie?  My friend Richie?  It was mind blowing!  He never let on.  Then
again, what did I expect Richie to do?  Say, "Hey!  You'll never guess what
I did today!  Got fucked by The Duke and sucked his dick.  And I loved it,
too!  What's new with you?" Wow, was I floored.

   "Well, Scooter, tell you what.  If you and Richie ever decide to suck
each other off, it's OK with me.  You got my permission.  OK?" I nodded. 
"And, who knows?  Maybe I'll have the two of you put on a little show for
me, a 69 show.  Would you like that, you two sucking each other's cocks
off?" I knew enough to say, "Sure." But I had trouble picturing it
happening in real life.  True, all The Duke had to do was say, "Do it you
two!" and we'd be sucking each other like champs.

   And now that The Duke had put the thought in my mind, it kind of turned
me on.  I remember picturing in my mind having Richie's cock in my mouth. I
had seen his cock a few times before.  We had joint-masturbated using my
French playing cards.  His cock, like mine, was about 6" in length, but a
little fatter.  And, if memory served right, he had come a lot when he shot
his wad.  Damn!  I was becoming cock crazy!  Cum crazy, too.  I was
actually looking forward to the next time I was alone with Richie.

   And armed with what I now knew about him, all I had to do was deal the
cards!  Shit, I was getting hard again just thinking about it.  The Duke
interrupted my daydreaming by saying, "Now, Scoot, go home!  I'll see you
tomorrow, same time.  OK?" I nodded.

   Scooter, the obedient sex slave, went home.  On shaky legs, to be sure.

   When I got home I found I still wanted to cum some more.  So I gave my
cock another beating, swallowing and mixing the taste of my cum with the
taste of The Duke's cum that I could still feel in the back of my throat.
As I masturbated, I thought of how I had been fucked by The Duke and how I
had sucked his man-sized, rock hard cock.  And, how good it all had felt.

   An hour later I jerked off again.  And, swallowed again.  Then, in the
middle of the night, I awoke and beat that poor thing again.  And I
swallowed more of my cum.  In this session I picture sucking Richie off and
then being sucked by him.

   In the morning I resisted the temptation to do it again as I knew I'd be
seeing Duke later in the day.  I wanted my cock hot and hungry.

   Thus, began the new life of a cum-loving cocksucker.  Scooter, The
Duke's new boy and absolute sex slave.  One of his favorite positions was
to have me sit on him, facing him with his cock up my ass, and jerking
myself off.  He told me to shoot on his chest and then lick it all off.  He
liked the way I would spasm and pulsate around his cock as I came.  Many
times, my anal pulsations were what pushed him over the edge.  And it felt
great to me, too.  As I shot my wad, my ass opening and closing around his
dick, the heat of his cum drove me wild.  What a sensation!

   Another thing he kept doing, to show his complete mastery over me, I
guess, was pissing in my mouth.  Usually this was done after he'd consumed
a few beers.  At some point it became an every time event as, for some
reason, The Duke took to drinking more and more.  Though, I swear, he never
had more than 3 beers and not once did I see him drunk.  And, whether I
liked it or not, I not only got used to the taste of his piss, I came to
enjoy it.

   Why I did I really don't know.  I do know it was a terrific turn-on to
be ordered to my knees for a mouth pissing.  My cock would get hard as
steel as I took his usually limp cock into my mouth and waited for his warm
stream to begin.  And I had become so expert at quick swallowing that not a
drop was spilled.  Also, the humiliation factor had changed somewhat over
time.  It was now sexually exciting instead of debasing.  He enjoyed it
immensely and I enjoyed giving him pleasure.  Sick?  Who the fuck cares?

   I saw The Duke just about every day for five years.  Robbie was reborn
and had risen from the ashes!  I was the Duke's new sex slave boy and all
the other kids knew it.  And they feared me as they had Robbie.  Well, as
my grandmother used to say: "Out of every bad thing something good
happens." Right on, Gran!  I guess.

   The Duke also led me into a world of sex that you don't read about in
too many books.  But that's another story!

   End.  Duke's Sex Slave (Pt.  1): Duke Daze!



   
