Part 4

Vin kept moving slowly as the warm wetness spread between them, fingers tangled in Chris’ hair as he watched Chris trying to catch his breath. He saw a trickle of water sliding down Chris’ throat and ducked to lick at it, purring at the unexpected taste of sweat instead of rain. The fingers of one hand stayed tangled in Chris’ wet hair to keep him still as his other hand began to roam slowly, stroking over Chris’ shoulders and back while Vin nuzzled below Chris’ jaw, tongue finding the trail of sweat again and tracing it up towards Chris’ ear.

Vin inhaled Chris’ familiar scent as he enjoyed the chance to taste Chris’ skin, exploring his throat and shoulder while giving Chris a few minutes to recover. He had wanted this for a long time, almost since he met Chris, but he hadn’t ever really thought it would happen. He kept expecting to wake up any moment and find it was just another dream brought on by too much whiskey and too long sleeping alone. He’d be in for some hellacious ribbing if Buck knew he still had sex dreams like some horny teenaged boy, but he’d been lucky enough to be spared that so far. They didn’t plague him when he was sober, and he made it a point not to sleep near anyone else when he’d been drinking more than a shot or a couple of beers.

Chris nuzzled at Vin’s ear after a few minutes, nipping the earlobe gently before he murmured in a low husky rumble, “If we weren’t muddy before, we sure as hell are now.”

Vin grinned and pulled back just enough to look at Chris. “Worth it, though.”

“Oh hell yeah,” Chris said with a smile, dark grey-green eyes full of satisfaction and warmth. “Might make the last ten miles home pretty uncomfortable, though. This mud looks like adobe, could be tough to get rid of.”

“Creek about a mile that way,” Vin said, nodding towards the trees in the distance. “It’s not deep, but it’ll be runnin’ bank full about now. Throw enough water at it, even adobe comes right off.”

“Creek at home,” Chris countered, lips curving into that wicked little smirk again. “A dry bed, too.” He ran his hands down Vin’s back to stroke over his ass slowly, his touch lingering and more than a little bit possessive. “I got plans for you later.”

Vin barely realized he was moving as he arched his back to press into Chris’ hands, agreeing with a smile, “Better to save it for when I won’t have to ride again right after. Been a long time.”

Chris smirked wider, hands roaming slowly over muscular curves that were surely firmer than he was used to but still fit in his hands just right. “The boys won’t be worryin’ about us for at least another day, and they’ll check my place first since we headed out this way.”

Vin licked his lips, blue eyes darkening again as he enjoyed the way Chris’ hand slid lower so fingertips could explore along the sensitive skin behind his balls. The prospect of spending a day or two in Chris' bed seemed like a little piece of heaven to him, especially if Chris would keep touching him like he was. “We did leave a few potatoes an’ some carrots when we packed up. They’d prob’ly stretch a couple days in a stew with the jerky I got left, or I can get a rabbit or two easy enough. Lots of ‘em in that thicket back behind the barn.”

“Mmm, sounds like a plan,” Chris purred, leaning in to kiss Vin lingeringly before he made a low noise and pulled back just enough to look into Vin’s eyes again, suddenly serious. “I like the idea of a few days in bed with you a hell of a lot more than I probably should.”

“Same here,” Vin admitted as he felt Chris’ hands slide upwards, holding him instead of teasing anymore. He would have expected it not to take Chris long to get serious again if he’d stopped to really think about what they were doing. Their lives weren’t so simple that he and Chris could be together and not have to worry about anyone else’s opinion of it.

“There might be trouble when the others find out about this,” Chris said softly, brow furrowing a bit, and Vin almost smiled at the strong hint Chris wouldn’t be able to hide how he felt anymore. Chris was a master at hiding his thoughts and feelings unless he felt especially strong about something, and then he was about as transparent as a pane of glass. Of course, usually when Chris was doing his window impression, it was because he was so mad he was about a minute from killing someone, or trying to. It would be kind of interesting to see the other side of the coin, just as long as they weren’t in public.

“Ezra won’t give a damn I don’t think,” Chris went on after a moment, “and Josiah and JD’ll learn to cope, but Nathan don’t strike me as the kind to like it, an’ I know Buck’s got no use at all for this kind of thing.”

Chris looked away pensively in the direction of the treeline that stood between them and the trail home, and Vin patiently waited for him to think it through. They spent too much time with five smart, observant men for any change in their relationship to go unnoticed for long, and Vin knew it as well as Chris did. Chris was the kind of man that had to fret over every little thing that might hurt people he cared about, and he definitely cared about the men they rode with. The other five were the closest thing to family either of them had besides each other, and Vin knew there wasn’t much that was more important to Chris than family.

“Been friends with him a hell of a long time,” Chris said finally, “but I’ll be damned if I’m gonna lie to him, or even hide this from him.” He met Vin’s gaze again then, and his arms tightened around Vin. “I ain’t givin’ you up either though, not now that I got you.”

“Glad to hear that.” Vin shifted to lift one hand to Chris’ wet hair, running his fingers through it slowly and smiling as he added gently, “Buck would walk through fire for you without hesitatin’, Chris. He ain’t gonna turn his back on you, no matter what you do with me. I ‘spect he and JD and even Nathan can ignore you sleepin’ with a breed if we don’t rub their noses in it, an' I know Josiah won’t be upset long as nobody’s gettin’ hurt. He’s seen all kinds of things, traipsin’ all over the world, an' he don’t look on gettin’ laid like most white folks.” He snorted softly, still smiling. “And I ain’t sure nobody else’d even notice I’m gone on you unless I put an ad in the paper, ‘cept Ezra, an' he don’t run his mouth about it.”

Chris leaned slightly into the fingers stroking through his hair even though he frowned. “You’re a hell of a lot more than just a breed to me, Vin.”

Vin grinned, amused that Chris latched onto that one word out of everything else he had just said. “I know that, but it don’t make it less true that’s how most ever’ one else sees me. I look white, but I’ve never been too good at passin’, all the same. Spent too much time as a young buck huntin’ buffalo with the Comanche.”

“You’re not half,” Chris protested. “It don’t hardly count if it’s less ’n that. Everybody’s got a little red in them somewhere, I bet. I got some Iroquois on my pa’s side back a ways, and nobody calls me breed.”

Vin laughed. “An Iroquois two or three generations back is a mite different from being grandson of a Kiowa chief that got shot fightin’ the pony soldiers just a few years ago, Chris, an' you know it. My ma didn’t look like a halfbreed so the soldier boys took her from the tribe when she was just a kid, but she never did fit in. She wasn’t as old as Casey when she wound up with a mountain man named Tanner, livin’ Comanche down in Texas. He got killed in a raid when I was five or so an' she took me and headed for the nearest town ‘cause she wanted me to fit in with whites better than she or Pa did. She died a couple months later an’ I got passed around by the ladies in town, tryin’ to civilize me.” He snorted softly, amused. “I was still fightin’ ‘em tooth and nail when I heard rumor some Comanche were in the area and I lit out on foot to join ’em. They took me in for a while, but it wasn’t long before the soldiers were harassin’ them for havin’ a ‘stolen’ white boy. They gave me a pony an’ the chief’s son took me to a tribe farther out in the desert that would take in a stray like me. I went Navajo for a while then, but it didn’t last either. I drifted back to Texas to try my luck with the Kiowa, but I had to keep runnin’ again whenever some settler tried to take me back. I managed to get by better ’n some I guess, but I still grew up knowin’ I was a breed and not really welcome most places.”

Chris just stared at him, surprised Vin had said so much about his past, Vin was sure. He seldom spoke about it sober, even if someone asked him. Chris was the only one he really felt had a right to know except Ezra, and Ezra wouldn’t lead him into a conversation where he had to share. Ezra knew all about having a past you just wanted to forget and he was always careful not to pry. Chris hadn’t ever asked either, willing to let it be if Vin wanted him to, but Vin had always known Chris would like to know more. On the rare occasion he did mention his past, Chris always stopped whatever he was doing to listen.

After a few minutes, Chris finally said softly, “Vin, I ain’t listenin’ to nobody call you breed, not even you.”

Vin pulled away to get up, amused. “I’ll try to remember that, but I ain’t makin’ you no promises. Bein’ a breed’s as much about who I am as what I am, always has been. I was born lookin’ too white to go all the way red without riskin’ whatever tribe took me in, but I’m too red down deep to pass as white all the time either.”

Chris snorted and helped Vin stand, then accepted a hand up from Vin and got to his feet as he grumbled, “You better remember. I don’t wanna have to whip you.”

Vin just looked at him, trying not to laugh. Chris had a longer reach and outweighed him, sure, but he had the flexibility and endurance to outlast anything Chris could throw at him and Chris knew it as well as he did. Chris’ only chance if they ever seriously tangled was to either knock him out or pin him down, and Vin was pretty sure Chris wouldn’t knock him out. Not if they were just arguing over something he had said. Getting pinned down might be fun though, given what had gone on between them in the last fifteen minutes. Wrestling was always more fun when clothes would be coming off afterwards.

Chris smirked slightly and Vin was sure Chris knew just what he was thinking as Chris added, “I got better plans for your ass than kickin’ it.”

Vin did laugh then and gave Chris a shove towards Pony. “Go get dressed, cowboy. We got miles yet to a bed, an’ I ain’t puttin’ out until we’re someplace comfortable and dry.”

Chris snickered and let Vin push him away. “How many times have I got to say it? I ain’t no cowboy.” He started walking around Pony to go retrieve his pants and boots, patting the black gelding’s shoulder on his way by.

“You stop wearin’ them fancy jinglebob spurs and I might believe that.” Vin noticed that Chris had gummy red mud clinging to him from the knee down just about the same time as Chris directed a look at his legs that made Vin snicker. “You don’t have to look so disgusted. There’ll be a tank or three in the rock you left your boots on. Probably won’t be much, but any water’s better than none.”

Chris grinned as he glanced over his shoulder at Vin. “If not I’ll use our canteens. I’ll be damned if I’m putting muddy feet in my favorite boots, not to mention the mess they’d make of my pants.”

“You could’ve stayed put on the rock,” Vin teased. “No mud to speak of there.”

Chris snorted and stopped, turning to look at Vin. “Maybe, but you wouldn’t have come after me. If you were plannin’ to do that you’d have been sharing my bath a long time ago.”

Vin laughed and blushed slightly, wondering just how transparent his attempts at covertly watching Chris in the bathhouse had really been. “Gettin’ up close and personal in the middle of town is a hell of a lot different from out here miles from nowhere. I ain’t so sure I could’ve resisted today. Not after you caught me lookin'.”

Chris looked smug. “Good.” He turned away and scanned the rock before he headed towards a likely looking puddle a little ways off, leaving his boots and pants where they were for the moment.

Vin watched Chris until he bent to rinse his legs, and then he forced himself turn away to pick up his pants. He made a face at the condition they were in, holding them well away from him to keep from getting any muddier than he had to while he tried to decide if the pants were a lost cause. He sure wasn’t putting them on like they were, not when he had a spare pair stuffed in his saddlebags. They’d been worn for days already and would be damp from the rain because the saddlebags weren’t quite waterproof anymore, but they still weren’t nearly so filthy as the pants Chris had dropped in the mud.

Decision made, it only took Vin a moment to get the suspenders loose to switch them to the cleaner pair. He rolled up the muddy britches and wrapped them in the shirt he’d worn earlier to put them in his saddlebag without muddying the leather. He’d wash them later and see if he could get them at least passably clean. He had a feeling the red mud would stain the canvas near as bad as blood, but they weren’t worn enough to replace them outright over a few stains.

~*~*~*~

Chris stepped right into the shallow tank and bent to scoop water up onto his muddy legs, glad the rain hadn’t all run off even though there was only a gallon or two in the low spot where the water was gathering.

The gummy red mud turned out not to be anything more than pulverized sandstone, and it didn’t take too much to get it off once he wet his legs down a little. He was surprised how easy it actually was to get clean, or something approaching clean, and he was just turning away to go get some clothes on when the sky cut loose again. He looked up and grinned when he saw the darkest clouds were finally skittering off to the east, which meant they would soon be out of the rain if they kept the horses to a pace slower than the storm moved. He looked back down to take advantage of the rain, making sure to rinse away the mud he had on one thigh and then rubbing at the sticky smear on his belly.

“Keep that up an’ we’ll never get to that bed,” Vin teased, walking towards Chris with an armload of clothes, boots, and his gunbelt. He was wearing nothing but his hat, and had somehow managed to stay reasonably clean except for his muddy feet and a streak of mud on one calf.

“Can’t keep your hands off me?” Chris asked, smirking as he let his hand fall away from his belly.

Vin grinned and continued past him towards another shallow puddle of water. “Ain’t many ways you look better than you do naked an’ wet.”

Chris laughed, blinking rain away from his eyes. “I could say the same about you.”

“Go ‘head, I don’t mind. It’s been said before,” Vin replied, looking over his shoulder at Chris with a teasing grin, his face sheltered from the rain by his hat. “Get an eyeful while you can, though. I don’t make a habit of wanderin’ ‘round naked like you do.”

Chris let his gaze roam, smirking as he said feelingly, “You should.”

Vin just laughed and bent to put his clothes and gun down, flipping a fold of his coat over the gun to shed water from it. He moved into the puddle and then bent over again to rinse off his muddy feet and leg.

Once he was paying attention, Chris realized that compared to most of the men he had seen naked over the years – and that wasn’t something easy to avoid, using public bathhouses – Vin had very little body hair at all. It only took him a moment to realize it was probably because of Vin’s Kiowa grandfather. Chris had never seen an Indian with a hairy chest, or a beard either for that matter, though Vin did shave when he started looking scruffy. JD’s slow-growing whiskers had been the object of much teasing from Buck at one point until Vin had told Buck to lay off the kid and pointed out he had most of ten years on JD but still shaved just once a week.

Chris enjoyed the view for a little longer despite the rain pouring down, his gaze finally settling to admire the curve of Vin’s ass. He had never made a habit of looking at any man’s hind end, but he couldn’t help but think that Vin’s was worth making an exception. One thing was for certain: if he hadn’t caught glimpses in the bathhouse before, he never would have suspected Vin’s clothes hid anything to compare with what they did. Vin’s ass was easily as pretty as a woman’s as far as Chris was concerned, and was so pale compared to Vin’s lower back that he had to wonder when the last time was that it actually saw the sun for more than a few minutes.

“Took me at my word, huh?” Vin said suddenly, and when Chris jerked his gaze up to Vin’s face he had to grin at the pleased expression he saw there. “Nice knowin’ you like what you see that much. If anybody’s got the right to look, I figure it’s you.”

Chris realized he was getting hard again and let out a bit of a laugh, looking down as he ran one hand through his hair and shook away some of the water clinging to it. Rain began to drip off his nose and he brushed it away, then looked back over at Vin, grinning. “Put some clothes on before I forget there’s a bed waitin’ us at home.”

Vin snickered and moved to his clothes as the rain began to let off again, picking up a pair of wet socks that were at least mud-free. “Don’t worry, I’m not lettin’ you forget that. I’ve been promised a night in your bed an’ I’m not gonna miss out on it now.”

“I was hopin’ for a hell of a lot more than one night of you in my bed,” Chris said with a sudden frown, watching Vin pull his socks on.

Vin finished with the socks and then picked up his pants as he looked at Chris again, looking serious for a moment before he gave Chris a slow smile. “Don’t look so worried, cowboy. Ain’t nowhere else I’d rather be.”

Chris smiled, relieved. That was exactly what he wanted to hear.

~*~*~*~

“I could get used to that,” Chris said, looking pleased. “Ain’t much for bein’ alone.”

Vin chuckled, stepping into his pants. It was nice to hear Chris saying such things, but that didn’t make them true. He looked back up at Chris as he began to button the fly of his britches, grinning. “You’re lyin’ through your teeth, but least it’s a lie I don’t mind hearin’. You like being alone even more than I do, and that’s goin’ some.”

Chris grinned. “I ever kicked you out?”

Vin laughed and opened his mouth to point out the last time, then closed it again and blinked when he couldn’t remember Chris ever outright telling him to make himself scarce. Chris had said it to the room at large more than once when Vin was there, but he’d never done it in such a way to make Vin feel like it was directed at him. There had been times Chris had agreed with Vin’s decision to leave instead of continuing one of their rare fights, and plenty of times one or the other had been pissed over something and just walked away before a fight could start between them. Vin remembered several times that he’d followed Chris despite knowing Chris wanted to be alone, and realized suddenly that he had never really gotten his head bit off when Chris caught him at it. He’d gotten a glare quite a few times when Chris became aware of Vin following him, but Chris could be free with his glares sometimes and Vin never took them personally.

After a few minutes Vin finally said slowly, “Well now, I can’t say as you have told me to clear out. Not when it was just you an’ me, anyhow. There’s been times I was there when you told somebody else you wanted to be alone.”

Chris snorted and nodded, turning away. “Damn right. I’ll run Buck off when he can’t stop runnin’ his mouth, and the rest of ‘em can get on a body’s nerves almost as bad.” He glanced over his shoulder, unerringly catching Vin’s eye and smiling slightly. “But I like havin’ you with me.”

Vin smiled back and watched as Chris looked away and continued on. After a moment he bent to pick up his gun belt, strapping on the sawed-off Winchester and buckling the tie down before he sat on his coat to pull his boots on, thinking that over.

If he wasn’t just forgetting and Chris really hadn’t ever tried to get him to make himself scarce, that put some things in a bit of a different light, for sure. Chris could be surly as a bull buffalo with sandspurs in delicate places when he was of a mind to. Vin had always thought Chris spared him the rough side of his tongue only because he was smart enough to stay out of the way when Chris was on a tear. He took his hat off, dropping it on his knee as he reached for his shirt and then pulled it over his head before he picked his hat back up. He jammed it back on his head, wondering if there might be another reason as he began to button the bib front of his shirt, which led right into trying to figure out just how long Chris had been interested in him.

“You’re gonna bust something, you keep thinkin’ so hard.”

Vin looked over his shoulder at Chris, not surprised to see he was settling his boots, dressed except for the hat, duster, shirt and gunbelt still draped across Pony’s saddle. Chris always dressed fast, as efficient and precise as a military man heading for a surprise inspection, and it always made Vin smile. Vin had seen the same trait in a few officers he fought with, always first to dress and first into a fight no matter what. “You’re the one gave me somethin’ to think on.”

“Such as?” Chris asked, looking amused as he turned to walk towards Pony.

Vin stood and shrugged into his suspenders, then pulled his wet coat on and started after Chris, tucking his shirt in as he walked. “Wonderin’ when I stopped bein’ just a friend, mostly.”

Chris pulled his shirt on and then turned towards Vin as he buttoned it. “You were never just a friend. That first day when I looked into your eyes it scared me shitless. Did it pretty regular for a while after, too.” He grinned suddenly and teased, “Don’t scare me any more, though.”

Vin laughed softly, surprised. “You were scared of me?”

Chris made a see-sawing gesture with one hand, reaching for his gunbelt with the other. “Six of one, half a dozen of the other. More that I was scared of likin’ what I saw a hell of a lot more than I was used to than anything else. You had me twistin’ in the wind more times than I can count, and you never even knew it. Sometimes I felt like followin’ you around like a lost puppy, and the rest I was tryin’ to think of reasons you needed to be followin’ me.”

Vin blinked and then snorted, grinning. “I think you’re puttin’ me on.”

Chris grinned wickedly. “Not yet. You wanted a dry bed for that, remember?”

Vin laughed and headed towards Peso. “Get on your horse, Larabee. I wanna get dry sometime this week.”

~*~*~*~

Chris snickered as he turned to put his hat on and gather up Pony’s rein out of the mud, grinning over the saddle while Vin mounted up on Peso. He decided not to bother with putting his duster back on as wet as it was, so while he watched Vin he tucked it under the bedroll behind his saddle and tied it down. He finished that in a moment or two but didn’t move until Vin was settled, enjoying the view despite how well Vin’s clothes hid what was under them, and then he swung up into the saddle himself and swept off his hat again, gesturing grandly at the trail. “Lead the way, I’ll be right behind you.”

Vin grinned. “I’d like having you behind me just fine, but Peso’s liable to have a fit. We might both be safer if you stay on Pony.”

Vin nudged Peso with his heels and the black gelding leapt into a gallop from a standing start, twisting and plunging when his rider tried to slow his pace. He wasn’t quite bucking, but he was definitely letting Vin know he wasn’t happy about the long delay in the rain. Vin just laughed and wrestled with Peso, hauling him down after a minute or two to a trot that was a bit more likely to get them all the way home without killing the sorrel.

Chris snickered at Peso’s antics and clucked softly Pony, urging him forward, and it wasn’t long before they pulled even with Peso. Chris grinned at Vin, giving him a wink that earned him another soft laugh. Peso was a little taller than Pony, but the difference in height between Chris and Vin put them eye to eye anyway.

The three horses they would have to take out to the Calhoun farm lagged back on the end of their lead ropes for a few minutes, but it wasn’t long before they settled into a ground-eating trot to match Pony and Peso. Being dragged wasn’t any fun, especially on muddy ground where hooves slid easy.