Fucking in the Forest
bykgardner©
"Karen!" my Mom called. "Have you seen Stacey?"

My younger sister, Stacey and her boyfriend, Rob had left the small holiday cabin two hours ago on a hike. The woods were thick, and Mom was worried that they might have gotten lost.

"No," I replied, "but I'll go look for them."

Every year since we were kids my parents took us to the same cabin for a summer holiday. Even though I was in University and Stacey was in her first year of college we still came home in the summer. I was really looking forward to going to the cabin this year.

I got my shoes on and set out down the path to look for them. Stacey was lucky that Mom and Dad even let her invite Rob. It was her nineteenth birthday this week and it was Stacey's only request that she be allowed to bring her boyfriend on holiday with us. Mom reluctantly agreed.

I had been walking though the forest for about half an hour, calling Stacey's name out every few minutes. I stopped for a rest and noticed a small hill to the left. I decided to leave the path and climb the hill to get a better look around. When I got to the top of the tree-covered hill I looked down into the small clearing below and what I saw made my jaw drop. In the middle of the clearing, not a hundred feet away on top of an old grey picnic table was my sister, Stacey. She was laying there completely naked. Rob was standing in front of her. He too was naked, except for his hiking shoes. He stood there holding Stacey's long legs up around his shoulders. Rob was fucking my sister as hard as he could.

"Oh my God," I said quietly to myself. I took a half-step to the side and hid behind a tree. I had to look twice to see if it was really my own little sister getting hammered on that table. I stood there behind the tree, frozen to the spot. I watched in awe as Rob pounded away on my sister's pussy. With every thrust, the grey old picnic table moved, and every time it moved it squeaked.

Stacey's arms were stretched over her head and she held tight to the end of the table. She looked as if she would be knocked off the table if she didn't hold tight.

Rob began to slow down. He pushed two or three more hard thrusts into my sister's cunt and then stopped. He took a step back and made a gesture in the air with his finger. Stacey sat up, and like an obedient slut she hopped off the table, turned around and bent over it. She pushed her little round ass out for him.

Without missing a beat, Rob stepped in, and slipped his cock back into my sister and started to fuck her again from behind.

"Jesus," I said quietly to myself. I could hardly believe my own little sister was getting her brains fucked out in the middle of a forest by her boyfriend. "She's so innocent!" I thought to myself. Stacey was a pretty girl. She was thin, with small B cup breasts. She had medium length, blonde hair that she usually pulled back into a pony tail. She had a cute little round bum, and usually wore tight shorts. When she left the cabin she was wearing a tight, white t-shirt, red shorts, and a pair of sandals. There was no sign of any of those clothes from where I stood.

Rob was leaning over her now grabbing her by the shoulders. His thrusts were quick and short. I watched his face. His eyes were shut and his jaw was clenched tight. What a sight he was. I'd always thought he was good looking, but as the shock of what I was watching began to wear off I became aware of just how sexy this young man really was. Rob was nineteen years old and in very good shape. His chest was buff and covered in sweat. His waist was trim and his thighs were muscular like an athlete. He had a tight, round ass which I could not stop staring at.

"God," I muttered to myself, "I wish that was me he was fucking."

Suddenly I saw Rob grab hold of my sisters blonde pony tail. He tugged it hard and her head snapped back. I heard him speak for the first time.

"You like that, bitch?" he grunted.

My sister's mouth hung wide open, and her blue eyes were half-shut.

"Yes!" she hissed. "Fuck me harder!" I gasped at the words coming out of my little sister's mouth.

I watched as she pushed herself up onto her elbows. This allowed Stacey's small, soft tits to bounce freely back and forth with every thrust. My mind flashed back to last weekend at home. Our parents were out and Stacey and I spent the day doing laundry and cleaning our rooms. By the lunch time we were both stripped down to our panties. I wore a blue thong, and Stacey wore a pair of pink cotton panties. For the first time in a long time I got a good close up look at my sister's bare tits. She had blossomed into a beautiful young woman. Her tits were much smaller than mine, and they had more of a cone shape. Our nipples however were exactly the same. We each had a set of perfect, pink little nipples.

Suddenly Rob stepped back. He pulled his cock out of my sister and started jerking off with his hand. Now I was able to get a good look at Rob's hard cock. It was long and not too thick. His cock head was fat like a big mushroom. His shaft also had a very pronounced upward curve to it.

Rob said something to Stacey which I couldn't hear. She stood up, spun around and dropped to her knees in the dirt. She grabbed his fleshy post and shoved it in her mouth.

"Oh my God," I thought, "Where did she learn all this? She didn't even have the good sense to wipe his cock off before she stuffed it in her mouth. Where was her dignity?"

Stacey began nodding her head back and forth while stroking his long cock with her fist. Her other hand cupped his balls. Her cheeks were puckered in as though she were sucking a huge straw.

My stomach was tingling. I wished it was me sucking that boy's cock. I wished I was on my knees in front of him, sucking the taste of my own pussy off of him. Suddenly I noticed that I had become very aroused. I slipped a hand down the front of my shorts and discovered I was incredibly wet. I decided I had to satisfy myself right then and there. I quietly pulled my shorts and panties down to my knees and quietly knelt down behind the tree. I could hear small twigs snapping as I adjusted my position. Then I carefully lifted the front of my shirt and bra up over my breasts. I rolled them together leaving my bare chest exposed. My pink nipples were very hard. I reached down between my legs, past my little strip of brown pussy hair and pressed my smooth pussy lips apart with one hand. I wet the fingers on my other hand in my mouth and then placed them over my clit. Slowly I began to rub in small circles as I watched the two young lovers.

Rob looked like he was ready to come. I watched his chest and could tell by his breathing he was almost there. Suddenly his body jerked. Stacey kept right on sucking. Her fist pumped quickly on his hard cock. Her hair elastic had disappeared leaving her blonde hair to toss back and forth in time with her head.

"Fuck, yeah," I muttered quietly. I began to rub my wet clit faster. Reaching up with my free hand I grabbed my big soft C cup tit and pulled on my hard nipple. "Suck that big cock," I whispered, "Suck that big fucking cock". I imagined myself kneeling between Rob's legs with my mouth stretched open wide. I pictured him lowering his tight nut-sac into my waiting mouth. God, I was SO turned on. I stopped rubbing my clit only long enough to bring my hand to my face and inhale deeply. The smell of my own cunt sent a shiver down my spine. I wondered if this is what my sister's pussy smelled like when she was turned on. I dropped my hand to my pussy again and continued masturbating.

Rob's body shook again. He was definitely coming. Stacey looked up at him. She pulled the end of his cock out of her mouth and continued to quickly jerk him off. She tilted her head back and opened her mouth wide, sticking her tongue out. She looked like a baby bird wanting to be fed.

One last time, Rob's body shuddered and I heard him let out a gasp. I saw as shot of white come jump into my sister's mouth, and then another shot stretch across her nose and cheek. 

My own orgasm was well on its way. I closed my eyes and leaned back. I put a hand behind me on the soft ground to balance myself and pushed my pelvis forward. I arched my back and leaned my head back. My breathing became faster and more erratic. I could hear the familiar sounds of fingers on wet flesh.

"Yes," I whispered, "Fuck, yes..." Every muscle in my body tensed. I remained in that position, my hand furiously rubbing my clit until finally I came. "God, yes," I moaned quietly as a huge orgasm washed over me. My body jerked softly over and over as I came. It seemed to go on forever. Very slowly I relaxed and let out a long sigh. I lowered my body until my bare ass rested on the ground. I rested for a moment, my bare chest heaving.

I straightened up and looked out at the clearing. My sister was on the table again, this time she was on all fours. Rob was crouched behind her. His face was buried in her little white ass and had his hand between her legs, fingering her pussy. I could see Stacey's face. Her eyes were gently closed and she was biting her bottom lip.

"What a picture this would make," I thought to myself. "Mom and Dad would kill them."

Suddenly I got a truly evil idea. I stood up quietly and brushed the lose twigs and grass of my hands, knees and bare ass. My legs were still shaking a little. I pulled up my thong panties and shorts and pulled my shirt down again, tucking my big soft tits back into my white bra. Reaching into my pocket I pulled out my blackberry.

I looked out again at the young couple. Stacey had one hand between her legs. No doubt she was rubbing herself up to her own orgasm. Rob was still hunched behind her holding her ass cheeks apart with his hands and eating out her pussy and asshole.

"Wow," I said to me, "This is fantastic blackmail material." I flipped the phone open and focused the built-in camera on them. I carefully focused and took several pictures. I zoomed in and took several more of Rob's still-hard, curved cock. I put the camera away and slowly crept away. 

On my way back to the path I saw a small pile of clothes in some long grass. They must have stripped just off the path and walked naked over the hill to the clearing. I reached down and picked up Rob's green boxer shorts. I folded them up and tucked them into my pocket as a souvenir of my adventure today. I smiled as I walked back to the cabin, dreaming of what I was going to make Rob do with me.
