My Summer Job at the Fitness Center 
by Emi Tsuruta

I'd like to tell you a bit about my summer job at the campus fitness center last year.  The year before, I worked at a concession stand at the beach.  That was alright, but to tell you the truth, it did take a bit of the fun out of going to the beach because it started to remind me of work. I still wanted to do something related to swimming, so I decided to apply to the fitness center.  Apparently, I was one of the first to apply, and I knew the boss, Ted, because I was in there swimming so much.  He was a real charmer, quick with a joke, and always holding doors open for me or my friend Satomi.  I'm not sure how old he is, but he was starting to go bald, but he still looked pretty dapper with his red hair and cheerful smile. Some American girls claimed he tried to feel them up, but he was always a gentleman around me. 

The other two students he hired were named Ray and Gavin.  Ray was an African American, soft-spoken most of the time, but if you told him a joke, his eyes would light up, and he'd break out laughing.  He seemed like a nice guy.  Gavin seemed nice too.  He was really athletic.  He was training to go to the Olympics for triathlon or something like that.  He came across as a ladies' man, but I swear I never saw him with any girls.  He always seemed to be training. 

Because I was the only girl, the two of them agreed to let me work weekends.  Weekend shifts finished early at 5 p.m.  I still had to work a couple of night shifts though on weekdays.  Ted was there during the day. At first, it was kind of scary being there alone at night, but I started inviting Satomi or my other friends to come over, and keep me company.  The Italian girl Sarah and French girl Natasha are both good swimmers, so once I showed them our pool they came regularly. 

Takuya and Hiro, the two Japanese boys, came to visit me too, but they never used the pool or other facilities.  Every time I asked if they exercise, Hiro would tell us about his high school baseball glory days, but the rest of us began to joke that he was retired (He was like 17 or 18 years old at the time).  It was nice of them to stop by though, and the time usually passed quickly. 

The hardest part of the job came at closing time.  I'd ask everyone to leave.  Then I'd lock up, check the doors, turn off the lights and the pool heater, cover the pool, count the cash, and fill out the books.  At first, I took it all seriously - I wanted to do a good job.  After I'd been working there for a while though, I managed to get used to the routine, and started relaxing more. 

Sometimes after I locked up, I would go in for a swim in the pool.  It was a bit weird at first having this big swimming pool all to myself, but I enjoyed the freedom.  I'd turn down the lights, bathing the whole pool area in an eerie blue glow.  Outside through the big picture windows, I could see all these cars going by and Kennedy's pizzeria across the street, but no one ever seemed to look in at me in the pool.  I felt special, as if I had my own private paradise right here in the heart of town.  It was wonderful. 

Late one weekday night, I cleared everyone out, and locked up.  As usual, I went into the girls' changing room, stripped down, and had a shower.  I was in kind of a funny mood that day.  I hadn't seen my boyfriend Ryosuke for a while, and I guess I was feeling kind of restless. Still naked, I went over to the door that leads out to the pool, and peeked out.  The pool lights were still on, but it was dark out on the street, so it was kind of hard to see what was going on outside.  I wanted to go turn the lights off, but I wasn't sure if I should risk going out there naked. 

I looked down at my body.  My skin was so white, save the pink of my nipples.  My sleek black pubic hair was dripping wet from the shower.  I slid my hand down, and brushed the water out of my pubic hair.  I cupped my buttocks in my hands, and pulled them apart.  My hello kitty was starting to get all tingly.  So what if I am naked?  I'm just going to dash out there, and shut off the lights. 

I put my hand between my breasts feeling my racing heart.  I took a deep breath, and went out onto the pool deck.  Even with the reflection off the windows, I could still see the headlights of the cars going by outside. With the pool lit up by all these bright lights, if anyone looked in, they'd definitely see me.  I wonder if Kennedy and Clint are over there working late in the pizzeria.  Probably.  Won't they be surprised if they look out, and see me out here naked? 

I walked all the way down to the lifeguard's office.  The switch box is on the side, kind of sheltered from the main street, but people can still see in through the side window.  Luckily, there didn't seem to be anyone on that street.  I switched off the lights, plunging the pool into darkness. There.  That's better.  Now the people outside won't be able to see me as well.  Even so, the streetlights outside were shining in lighting up the pool a bit.  I felt terribly exposed standing out here naked on the pool deck.  I finally decided to go in for a swim. 

I walked over to the edge of the pool, squatted down, and slid in.  I felt so naughty skinny-dipping here in full view of the street.  I was too nervous though.  I just swam a couple of quick laps, lost my nerve, and went back to the change room.  I was proud of my daring, but now that I think about it, it was kind of a silly thing to do.  The windows there are so big, and there really were a lot of cars going by.  I hope no one saw. 

A couple more times after that, I ended up doing the same thing.  I was so worried though that Ted and the others might find out, so I started shutting off the lights before I got undressed.  Most of the time, I just kept my bikini on.  It was safer that way.  Luckily, I don't think my coworkers suspected anything.  Whenever I saw them, they seemed the same as ever. 

One day, Gavin came by to see me while I was working.  He had some big track meet coming up, and wanted to know if Ray and I could cover for him while he was out of town.  I told him sure.  The day of the meet, I worked the first half of Gavin's shift, and Ray the second.  Then when Gavin came back, he said in exchange, he'd work the second half of my Sunday shift. 

That Sunday, I went in early, and started work.  Soon, it was getting near the time Gavin was supposed to come in, and take over.  I'd done the books, and had everything ready, but I'd kind of been hoping to go for a swim.  I just wanted to get in a bit of quick practice before I headed over to Satomi's dorm.  As it neared one o'clock, I quickly ducked into the back office, and got changed into my red and white bikini.  I wrapped a towel around my shoulders, but when Gavin showed up, he gave me kind of a funny look. 

"What are you up to?" he asked eyeing me. 

"Oh, I just want to go in for a swim.  Is there anything wrong?" 

"No, no.  Not at all.  Be my guest," he smirked.  I left all my stuff in the office, and padded over barefoot to the change room.  Gavin was kind of staring at my rear as I walked away, so I reached down, and pulled the material out of the crack of my bottom.  I felt a bit nervous actually.  He does seem to be some kind of star in his event. 

There weren't many people in the pool, so I swam a few laps taking breaks in between.  I could have invited Sarah or Natasha, but I didn't mind so much swimming on my own.  A couple of the other swimmers recognized me from the front desk, and smiled. 

Some of the swimmer guys are kind of handsome.  They're funny too, trying to pretend like they're not checking me out when they obviously are. It's kind of cute how shy some guys are. 

Anyway, after a while, I'd had enough, so I got my towel, and hit the shower.  I was just about to strip out of my swimsuit when I realized all my clothes were still back in the office.  I wrapped my towel around my shoulders, and went out into the lobby.  Gavin was still at the desk, and his friend Leo was there, just hanging around. 

"What have we here?" Leo said when he saw me. 

"Leo, you know Emi," Gavin told him. 

"Hi, Leo," I smiled, quickly scurrying behind the desk.  "Listen.  Could you guys give me some privacy?  I want to get changed." 

They looked at each other, a bit surprised I guess to hear that I planned to get undressed right here.  There was a long pause, and then Gavin finally nodded. 

"Sure.  Go ahead." 

I went into the back office, and gently pulled the door to.  It didn't quite shut, and as I walked away, it swayed back open again.  I debated going back and closing it, but it sounded like Gavin and Leo were around the corner at the desk.  Anyway, I'll just change quick. 

The blinds on the windows were partly open, and the sunlight was pouring in making this line pattern on the desks.  Outside, I could see the trees that ran along the edge of the building, but the street looked deserted.  I untied the side ties, and let my bikini bottoms fall to the floor.  I could still hear Gavin and Leo's voices, and here I was stripping naked by the window.  I untied my bikini bra, and took that off too, staring out the window, a bit nervous to be naked.  I just kind of stood there for the longest time, struggling to contain my feelings.  I was getting all worked up, but I knew that I'd better get dressed before someone came. 

I picked up my bikini bottoms from the floor, and wrung them out.  Next, I picked up my backpack, and set everything down on the desk.  There was some kind of ruckus going on outside.  Gavin was arguing with one of our members about something.  Before I could react, Gavin stuck his head around the corner. 

"Emi, could you...  uh..." He stopped mid-sentence, shocked to find me naked.  I was so surprised my heart skipped a beat.  I finally scurried around behind the desk, and squatted down to hide. 

"I thought I told you not to come in here!" I yelled, angry at myself more than anything. 

"Yeah, I know, but this guy out here is pretty upset.  He says he paid, but hasn't got his membership card yet.  Did you process him?" 

I peeked out at Gavin, annoyed.  It sounded like he hadn't meant to peek. I guess it was kind of my fault.  I should have gotten dressed quicker.  Gavin went back outside, but he left the door open.  I got my hoodie out of my bag, and pulled it on.  The customer was still yelling, and the voice did sound familiar.  I wrapped my towel around my waist, and peered out the door.  It all started to come back to me.  That guy had been in here a few weeks ago, and paid his fees, but maybe no one had mailed him his card yet.  I stood up, and went over to the door. 

"What's your name, sir?" I asked, still a bit flustered. 

"Herder." 

Herder, Herder.  Where did I put his file?  I went into the back office, and dug out the big binder with all our membership applications in it.  I leafed through, and sure enough there was a Herder there.  I lifted up the binder, and carried it out to show Gavin.  Mr.  Herder got out some ID to show us. 

"Oh, I'm so sorry, sir.  I'll make you up a card right away." I lugged the binder back to the office, and sat down to fill out the card.  I felt kind of funny sitting here in my towel, but at least Gavin hadn't made a big deal about seeing me naked.  Maybe he was cool with that sort of thing. He came in, switched on the laminating machine, and watched me as I printed up the card.  I took the card, and set it down on the press.  You have to hold it down for a minute to make sure the plastic sticks, but I was getting all nervous with him watching me.  I hadn't really done up the knot on my towel that tightly, and I could feel it coming loose. 

"Here Gavin, can you hold this?" 

He jumped in to take over, but he bumped against me, causing my towel to unravel.  I grabbed for it as it fell, but couldn't quite reach.  Suddenly, I was naked from the waist down.  I could feel the air swirling around my bare ass cheeks.  Gavin gazed down at my bottom, eyes wide.  I heard a wolf-whistle, and turned to see Leo at the door staring in at me. 

"Wow!  What a body!" he cried out.  I was so embarrassed.  This was twice Gavin had seen me naked.  I slid a hand down between my legs, but I was getting all wet down there.  I covered my mouth with my other hand, trying to hide how excited I was. 

Suddenly, Mr.  Herder's voice rang out from around the corner. 

"Is my card ready yet?  I'm in a hurry." 

I mugged at Gavin, acknowledging that I might be in trouble, but this wasn't the time for jokes.  I squatted down, and scooped up my towel. Gavin and Leo looked disappointed, but I couldn't just stand here flashing them all day.  I motioned for Gavin to take the card, while I wrapped my towel back around my waist.  Gavin eventually took the card, and gestured for Leo to leave me alone, so I could get back dressed. 

It was kind of awkward the next few times I ran into them, but ever since then, both of them have been extra nice to me.  I was just glad they didn't tell anyone.  Ted would flip for sure if he heard I'd been running around his office naked. 

Then one time not too long after that, I invited Sarah and Natasha to come swimming with me.  Sarah is from Italy, and Natasha from France.  They seem to be more open-minded than a lot of the people here.  I told Sarah about accidentally having flashed Gavin and Leo, and she laughed and laughed.  I wasn't sure at first whether to tell her about the skinny-dipping or not.  I was pretty sure she would understand. 

Anyway, whenever we went swimming together, we'd go into the change rooms, and Sarah and Natasha would strip off all their clothes as if it were the most natural thing in the world.  Apparently, topless beaches are common in Europe, so nudity wasn't such a big deal for them.  I wondered if they might be interested in having a little fun. 

Sarah is young, slender and tall for her age.  She looks a bit like Venus de Milo except with a deep all over tan.  Natasha is blonde (down there too), a bit shorter than Sarah, but she has this sexy French accent. She loves to flirt with the guys.  It's kind of hard to tell who she likes because it seems like she'll flirt with just about any guy.  She's really nice though, very cheerful with a good sense of humor.  I don't always know about the things they talk about, but they are so upbeat and lively. 

Anyway, that day, Ray was on duty when we showed up at the front desk. He kind of smiled when he saw me with Sarah and Natasha, but he was on his best behavior.  He gave us each a key for a locker, and said, 

"Have a good swim, ladies." 

There were a few other women in the change room, but we'd got there a bit late, so most of them seemed to be getting ready to go home.  We found a locker room with no one in it, and set down our stuff on the benches. Natasha just sort of sat there for a while, but Sarah started stripping off her clothes.  I quickly stripped down too, and then stood there naked waiting for Natasha.  Usually she's so outgoing, but apparently, she had something on her mind.  She finally got undressed, and then joined us in the shower.  I still felt a bit self-conscious parading around the change rooms buck naked when there are people there, but I'd gotten more used to it lately.  Sarah flicked some water in my face, and I tried to get her back.  Natasha finally started smiling. 

"Children," she chided. 

We went back, put on our swimsuits, and then went out to the pool. There were maybe ten other swimmers there, mostly guys.  Some of the guys were checking us out when we came in.  I was glad.  Here we were - the three beauties. 

We went in swimming for a while.  Sarah in particular has such long arms I had to swim hard to keep up.  Natasha swam a bit, but then she got out, and sat on the edge, watching us.  She doesn't seem to exercise as much. She's kind of a guy magnet already with her big breasts and slender waist. 

As the afternoon wore on, most of the other swimmers left.  I was getting tired of swimming, so I suggested we try the sauna.  It's this little boxed-in wooden room at the deep end of the swimming pool.  There was no one else there, so the three of us spread out, and lay back, relaxing. 

"Are there saunas in Europe too?" I asked. 

"Yeah," they both smiled. 

"What are they like?" 

"I don't know," Sarah said, looking up.  "They're a bit bigger than this, I guess...  and usually you don't wear swimsuits." 

"What?  You sit there naked?" 

"Or in a towel.  Mostly naked I guess." 

I looked over at Natasha. 

"Yeah, it's the same in France.  What about Japan?" 

"I guess there are saunas.  I've never really been.  I like hot springs better.  Japan has lots of those." 

"Do you wear swimsuits in a hot spring?" Sarah asked. 

"No," I sighed.  "Seems kind of silly really." The two of them just sat there quiet for a while.  I looked over wondering if they were thinking the same thing I was.  "I wonder if we could go nude here." 

They both laughed.  I wasn't sure if they realized I was serious, but anyway, they didn't seem shocked or anything.  If Satomi had been here, she would have objected I'm sure.  I peeked out the door to see if any guys were coming this way.  It looked like they were all still swimming. Natasha looked at me concerned. 

"Um, do you think...  um...  do you think it would be alright?  I mean this is America not Europe or Japan," she noted. 

"Only one way to find out," Sarah winked.  She reached around, undid the ties on her top, and peeled it off.  I still couldn't get over how tanned her breasts were.  She must go topless a lot.  Her breasts weren't big, smaller than mine even, but they were a nice shape. 

"What'll we say if someone comes?" I asked, still hesitating.  I wanted to strip too, but I was worried about getting in trouble.  I guess I hadn't really expected Sarah to strip off like that. 

"We don't have to say anything.  Wearing clothes in a sauna is just silly." Sarah leaned over, and slid down her bottoms, grinning like we were all part of this secret conspiracy. 

"Do you have a boyfriend?" I asked Sarah.  I immediately regretted asking, but for some reason, the way she was acting made me wonder how much she knew about sex. 

"No," she replied avoiding my gaze.  She looked a bit self-conscious, more because of my question than because of her nudity.  She was easily the youngest of us three, 18 or 19. 

"Oh," I said.  I popped open my own top, a bit embarrassed to show them my breasts.  They both seemed so calm, like the whole thing was no big deal. I quickly pulled off my bottoms, and sat back down.  I didn't feel calm at all.  I was getting all excited thinking of all those guys swimming around outside. 

Natasha pulled off her suit, sat back, and relaxed.  Her breasts were so big, and her blonde pubic hair looked obscenely sexy.  I was so jealous of her body.  Even so, she looked even more at ease than Sarah.  I couldn't understand how they could be so calm sitting here naked. 

We sat there for a while chatting about Natasha's fiancÃ(C) and my boyfriend Ryosuke.  Her fiancÃ(C) sounded like a nice guy.  He was Italian American, and worked as a businessman up in Los Angeles.  It sounded like he was busy.  I'd never met him. 

As we chatted, I slowly began to feel more at ease sitting here naked. Then suddenly out of the blue, the door opened.  I reached for my towel, but Sarah didn't even blink.  Two guys peered in, clearly quite shocked to find the three of us in the nude. 

"Oh, sorry.  We d-d-didn't...," one guy stuttered. 

"That's alright," Sarah nodded calmly, showing no hint of embarrassment. "We're almost done." 

The guys just kind of looked at each other in amazement.  Like me, they couldn't understand how Sarah could be so calm.  I would have covered up, but Sarah and Natasha didn't look like they were going to, so I set my towel back down letting the guys see.  They continued to gawk at the three of us clearly quite excited.  I guess I can admit I was excited too. 

Sarah motioned for me to slide down the bench, and make room for the guys.  I was so excited I was starting to shake.  Oh god.  I'd better be careful.  I don't want to orgasm in front of them.  I could feel it coming though, and I wasn't sure I could stop it.  I found myself staring at the bulges in the front of their swim trunks. 

"Where are you girls from?" one guy asked.  It was pretty obvious he was trying to pick us up. 

"Italy." 

"France." 

I couldn't take the pressure anymore.  I pulled the towel over my pubic hair, and stood up.  Now the two of them were staring at my bare behind, but at least that was better than having them stare at my pussy.  I almost lost it there. 

"Been here long?" They both looked so hungry, virtually drooling at the sight of us.  I couldn't take it though.  I picked up my bikini and towel off the bench, and stood up. 

"Uh, listen guys," I said.  "I think I'm going to head back." I glanced out through the window in the door, but soon realized I couldn't go out there naked.  The guys were all staring at me now, fascinated by my rear end.  I quickly pulled my bikini top back on, and tied it up, but the tingling was getting worse.  I finally wrapped my towel around my waist, and then exited out onto the pool deck.  The guys in the pool turned to look at me, wondering I guess why I was carrying my bikini bottoms instead of wearing them. 

I strolled over toward the girls' showers, trying to calm back down.  I turned on the shower, but I was still so horny.  I reached down, and started playing with my pussy right there in the shower.  I was so worked up I came in no time.  I showered off my pussy as best I could, and went, and sat down on the benches. 

What have I just done?  I've gone crazy.  I can't keep doing these things.  Not at work anyway. 

Pretty soon Sarah and Natasha came in.  They had had enough sense to put their swimsuits back on before coming out onto the deck.  Sarah sat down next to me, and put her hand on my shoulder.  I guess they could tell I was upset.  I finally managed a smile.  Natasha laughed. 

"Maybe we should be more careful next time." 

"If there is a next time," Sarah smiled. 

Eventually, I somehow managed to get my feelings back under control. 

"What happened to those guys?" I asked. 

"Oh nothing.  They were acting weird, so we got dressed." 

I laughed.  Really those guys must have been so freaked out.  I was glad though that Sarah and Natasha were up for these things, even if I could never match their calm. 

