He loved when he was off shift and could wear jeans and a t-shirt. The uniforms always left him feeling very exposed. Of course, considering where he was heading, it didn’t really matter. He had the next two days off, and so did Will, so they were going to relax and watch a movie in Will’s quarters, the closest they could get to an actual date.

It was still early, so when he got to Will’s quarters, he knocked. He heard Will call out for him to come in. He took off his socks and sneakers, leaving them by the door, and padded over barefoot to where Will was sitting on the couch. He leaned down for a hello kiss, and then sat down next to him.

“So, what are we watching tonight?”

“Friday the 13th.’

Wesley just stared at Will, trying to figure out why they were watching that movie. He knew it wasn’t some random movie choice because of the way that Will was smiling at him. He got it finally, and doubled over in laughter. Today’s stardate translated to Friday the 13th.

“Will, are we seriously celebrating some silly old superstition?”

“Absolutely!”

Wesley chuckled and settled back against Will and they started the movie. Wesley just couldn’t understand the irrationality behind being afraid of a day or a number. It was just ridiculous.

This movie was pretty ridiculous too, but he was actually enjoying it. Will, on the other hand, seemed very intent on distracting Wesley from the movie. One of Will’s hands had slipped under his shirt and was stroking along his stomach. That wouldn’t have been so bad on it’s own; actually it would have been quite nice, but Will was also nipping along his ear. He let out a sigh.

“You know, I’m actually trying to watch the movie.”

“I’m sorry.”

“No you aren’t.” Wesley felt a puff of warm air on his ear as Will let out a chuckle.

“Nope, not even a little.” He did back off of Wesley’s ear though, but when he tried to move his hand off of his stomach, Wesley held it firmly in place. Will took the hint and kept stroking Wesley’s stomach.

A few minutes later though Will’s mouth was at his neck. Wesley squirmed out of Will’s arms and scooted over to the other side of the couch. He glanced over at Will and saw that he was pouting at him. Wesley rolled his eyes and turned his attention back to the movie.

He got about ten minutes in of movie watching before he felt Will slide along the couch towards him. Will picked up his hand and turned his attention to Wesley’s wrist. He pressed soft little kisses all along his wrist, gently bit down on his pulse point, and then went back to soft little kisses.

Wesley sighed happily and snuggled further back into the couch. This was exactly what he had wanted for tonight. Something relaxing. It seemed that Will had finally picked up on his mood, because when he pulled Wesley back into his arms, he placed a kiss to his cheek and then just held him.

Wesley spent the rest of the movie wrapped up in Will’s arms. When the movie ended he grabbed Will’s hand. He made sure to kiss Will’s wrist all the way around and then bite at the pulse point exactly the way Will had done to him. Then, because he could, he sucked a bruise onto the underside of Will’s wrist.

“You are such a brat. I don’t know why I put up with you.” Wesley laughed and turned to face Will.

“I know why,” and before Will could say anything, Wesley leaned up and kissed him.

Will broke the kiss and untangled himself from Wesley. “Come on baby. Let’s go to bed.”

He followed Will to the bed because there was nothing else he could do. Not when Will called him baby. He loved that. It warmed him so thoroughly that he was sure he could fight hypothermia on the coldest of ice planets.

As he followed Will down onto the bed, Will smiling so brightly at him, he wondered how anyone could have thought that Friday the 13th was so unlucky.