Lil Whore - One

She could feel his fingers pushing aside her short skirt.  Intent on the
band of her knickers.  She had bought a bunch of sexy little knickers with
him in mind.

Every Saturday morning, she would get up, bathe and dress in some sexy
little tennis outfit.  Wearing something so short entirely on purpose.  For
weeks now they made it a regular date.  She would leave her apartment at
10:00 am and so would he.  It took a few weeks of figuring out but he knew
when to be there, now.  Standing, waiting for the elevator they said
nothing to one another.  They would both enter, facing front and he would
move behind her.  His fingers caressing her ass before pushing aside her
knickers to finger her deeply while they descended.

The very first time he did it, she was shocked.  Annoyed.  She had moved
away and given him a dirty look.  He just smiled at her.  She was angry
that someone as old, if not older than her father was so dirty.  The second
time he touched her ass she jumped, trying to move away.  He whispered in
her ear "Don't move Lil Whore, I'll make you feel good".  Curious and
horny, she didn't move.  He quickly forced aside her crotch and was
fingering her.  He was right, it did feel good.  It felt dirty and wrong,
too.  But the good outweighed the bad and she found herself pushing back on
his fingers, leaning forward a bit.  She did enjoy it.

That's what started their ritual every Saturday morning.  He carried a
walking stick with him sometimes and she found herself wondering what it
would feel like to have him push the sterling silver knob up inside of her.
Her clit became swollen at the thought of him using it on her.

As the elevator neared the ground floor, he withdrew his hand.  She felt
a cool rush of air before the band of her knickers slid over her swollen
lips.  She wanted more.  Sighing softly, she said it.  "I want more".  He
smiled and when the door opened to the lobby, he pushed their floor again.
The doors slid shut and she pushed her ass up against him.  She didn't care
if anyone else got on the elevator.  He smacked her thighs softly and
whispered for her to be patient.  She was breathing heavily, now.  All she
could think about was his hands.  They way his fingers invaded her, filled
her.  She wanted him to fuck her.  She didn't care how old he was or if it
was right or wrong.  She wanted nothing more than his hard cock.

Following him to the door of his apartment.  Her heart hadn't stopped
racing.  He unlocked the door and pushed it open.  She walked in to an
ordinary looking home with nice rather old fashioned furniture.  He shut
the door behind him and locked it.  Taking her hand, he lead her to the
couch and she sat down.  He sat down next to her and placing his hand on
her stomach, pushed her back.  As she leaned back, her skirt rose up her
thighs and exposed her knickers.

"They're all wet, such a slut you are", he said running his fingertips
over her knickers.  She arched her back, moaning.  She wanted him to finger
her and hard.  She wanted nothing more than to have something inside of
her. He played with her cunt through the fabric of her knickers.  She was so
wet.  He could feel her hard little clit straining against the fabric.  He
wanted more, too.  He pushed his hands up over her thin hips and grasped
her knickers, pulling them down to her knees.  Her cunt was exposed to him.
The curls of her hair were wet with pussy juice.  He pulled at the hair and
said "this will have to go".

She felt herself heating up, blushing.  She tried to close her thighs
but he smacked them hard with his walking stick.  She winced.  "Oh no, my
dear," he stated.  His voice was flat and cold.  "You will keep your
whorish legs open for me.  You are going to be shaved clean of that ugly
hair, first".  She felt humiliated beyond words.  He tugged the knickers off
of her.  Pulling her down a bit, her legs spread open wide.  He smiled down
at her.  "Such a sweet cunt", he thought to himself.  His cock was hard. 
He wanted to fuck her right there but he also wanted to turn her into a
little cum whore, too.  "Nothing is prettier than a shaved cunt on a pretty
little whore", he told her.  She blushed harder but didn't close her legs.
This told him all he needed to know about her.  She would protest, cry, beg
not to be treated so terribly but she wouldn't stop him either.  Such plans
he had for her.

He left her there, sitting on the couch.  Her legs splayed open and her
cunt totally exposed to the room.  He found her in the same position when
he came back with a fresh razor, towels and a bowl of hot water.  He spread
one of the towels on the floor and told her to lie down on it.  She did,
she even pulled up her skirt for him.  He thought to himself that she was
so fresh and ripe.  He looked down on her, legs spread wide open.  Kneeling
between her legs, he started to work.  Lathering her up with the shave
cream.  She squirmed as it hit her inner lips and started burning a bit. 
He laughed, gathering up some of the cream and fingering it into her pussy.
She bit her lips as it burned inside of her, his fingers working it in and
out.  Cream covering his hand as he pushed so far inside of her.  She
fucked his hand back through the pain.  She liked the feeling of it.  She
didn't care about anything else as he worked his hand deeply inside of her.


He withdrew his hand suddenly.  He didn't want her to cum.  Not yet.  He
pushed her thighs open and started shaving.  It was a long process, which
he knew bothered her but he didn't care.  A clean cunt is what he wanted
and he'd shave her himself to keep it how he wanted.  Wiping and rinsing
all the hair away, she was left exposed to him completely.  Her bare pink
little cunt all soft and raw for him to enjoy.  To him she was nothing but
a fuck toy and he'd treat her as such.  She amused him and that's all that
mattered to him.  He pushed her back and unzipped his pants.  His large,
hard cock pushing against his underwear.  He wanted to take her in one
thrust.  He knew she was tender and raw from the shaving.  That his own
hair would torment her.  He didn't care.  Holding her down with one hand,
he drew his cock out and pushed it against her cunt lips.  They felt
incredibly soft and wet after the shaving.  He forced himself inside of her
with a loud grunt and a strong thrust of his hips.

The effect was amazing and she arched her back to greet him.  He buried
his cock up to the balls so fast she let out a gasp of air.  She was tight,
hot and wet for him.  He thrust into her again and again, pushing as deep
and hard as he could.  He didn't care about her pleasure.  Just his own. 
He fucked her like the cheap whore that she was.  Or would be by the time
he was done with her.

She took it well, moaning and fucking him back.  Her shoulder length
blond hair spread out on his expensive carpet.  He fucked her leaning in to
bite her shoulder while he pinched her left nipple hard.  The pain made her
moan harder and squirm.  He bit her, thrusting deep inside of her pussy. 
He could feel his orgasm starting and squeezed her round tit hard.  Tugging
and twisting it.  He knew it caused her pain and didn't care.  All he cared
about was his own orgasm.  She cried out from the pain and he loved it.  He
loved making her cry as he fucked her.  Pulling her left nipple as hard as
he could, he came inside of her.  Hot, thick cum filling her up and
smearing down his cock as he thrust a few last times.

When he was done, he grabbed her by the hair and pushed her face towards
his cock.  She was honestly crying now.  Crying hard and he laughed at her.
"Suck me clean, whore", his voice made no mistake.  A tone of pure command,
she obeyed him.  She put her mouth on his cock, sucking and licking his
cum. Her cunt juice mingled with his thick cum.  It made her cunt tingle to
do this.  She had never done anything like this before.  The taste of his
cock and her cum really turned her on.  She started to lick him, washing
his cock and balls with her tongue.  He grunted in pleasure at how eager a
whore she was being.  He wondered if she would continue to be so eager or
if he'd have to use pain to train her to do everything he wanted.  His cock
had become sensitive and he pushed her head away.  He tossed his walking
stick on the floor beside her.

"You can use that to finish the job, I'm going to shower.  When you hear
the water turn off you better be there, whore".  With that he got up and
walked away.  She heard the shower turn on and picked up the walking stick.
Without even thinking much about it, she pushed the sterling silver head
against her cunt lips and pushed it inside.  She fucked herself with her
left hand while rubbing her clit with her right.  She didn't care if he
might be watching.  She fucked herself hard, imagining it was him.  She
wondered what she had come to.  Why and how she could act like such a slut?
She stopped dwelling on it as her on orgasm built up.  She wanted to cum
all over this walking stick.  She fucked herself harder than she ever had
with a plain old dildo.  Pinching and rubbing her clit, she let go.  Her
stomach shook from the force of her orgasm.  She bit her lower lip to keep
from crying out.  It felt incredible.  A type of freedom to just let go.

She heard the shower slowing and pulling the stick out, ran to the
sounds of him getting out of the shower.

"Too slow, little whore", he looked at her.  "Now you have to say you
are sorry.  Come apologize." He grabbed her by her hair and forced her to
her knees.  She cried out at the jolt.  She didn't know what he would do.
She thought she was on time.  Confused she looked up at him.  His cock was
hard again.  He rubbed the tip on her face.  She opened her mouth for him.

"Good whore, but you have to say you are sorry for being tardy", he
turned around and presented his ass to her.  His right hand was stroking
his cock.  He leaned forward, left hand on the wall and spread his legs. 
"Lick my ass until I cum", he commanded.  She started to get up.  His
reaction was swift.  He moved much faster than she thought possible.  The
back of his hand sent her into the cupboards.  He slapped her again, dazing
her.

"You know what to do.  If you choose not to do it, you will feel pain",
he looked down at her.  "You are nothing but a whore who will fuck a
stranger.  Fuck even a stranger's walking stick.  Say it.  Tell me what you
are and then lick my ass like a good whore." He smiled, tapping her bruised
cheek with his fingers.

"I'm a whore," she said softly.  She started to cry again but she also
felt a thrill shoot through her.  She got back up on her knees.  She would
do what he wanted.  He turned again, spreading his legs wide and playing
with his cock that was getting soft.  He was annoyed that his cock was soft
and she made him loose it.  She would pay for it later, he thought.

She leaned in and started licking his ass cheeks as he stroked.  He
grunted out his instructions for her.  To lick his hole.  To poke it with
her tongue.  He knew she was hesitating and told her it was safe, he had
just showered.  He kept stroking feeling the pink softness of her tongue
against his ass.  The feeling was incredible and she found she loved doing
it.  She loved the noises he made.  How he had such pleasure at her
tonguing him.  She pushed farther.  The tip of her tongue fucking the tight
bud of his ass ever so slightly.  Her lips pushing against him as she
licked and fucked for his pleasure.  Her own hand sneaking down to play
with her clit while she did it.

He looked down and could just make out her playing with her own cunt. 
He loved that she was so into this and knew it wouldn't be long before he'd
want to cum.  Her mouth felt like satin against his ass.  He pushed further
against her, whispering for her to lick him.  She started stroking her
tongue up and down his little bud and that was enough for him.  He turned
around just in time to cum all over her pretty face.  She had cum in her
hair, on her eyes.  Dripping from her nose and lips.  He grabbed her hair
and rubbed his cock against her.  Rubbing the cum in with his balls.  She
responded by licking as best she could.

Such a good lil whore he thought.  He leaned down to kiss her forehead.
"You can go home, now", he said.

She went home covered with cum.  Too bad she lived so close, he thought.
He would have loved to see her walk home with a face covered with cum.

"Tomorrow is another day," he chuckled.



