Andy And Susan Adventures 01 - Taxi
by SexyCoupleAdventures

Amazing what you can do in a Taxi with a phone.

My name is Andrew and my wife is Susan. We're both in our early 40s and have a fabulous sex life both in and out of the bedroom.

We're both imaginative and love fantasizing about different things we'd like to try, we even get to do some of them.

Here's one of our most recent adventures visiting a friend of ours we'll call Simon.

It was a nice warm summer evening and Susan was looking very sexy in a strappy red dress. It showed just enough skin to keep men interested, but not enough to be considered slutty.

It fell just above her knee and had a split up either side, but as it was flairy, you wouldn't know that unless she chose to sit in such a way as to show you some thigh, which she was inclined to do from time to time.

We both enjoyed taking risks as you'll find out soon enough.

so, we were both ready to go and were just waiting on the taxi.

"Don't forget your phone." As if you understand I needed to remind her. Neither of us went anywhere together without it for reasons that will soon become clear.

"Don't forget your brain." This was a back and forth we had often when going on these adventures.

I felt my own phone vibrate in my jacket pocket and one glance told me the taxi had arrived.

"OK, time to go."

I locked the door and followed Susan down the stairs from our flat. As I always do, I climbed into the front of the cab and Susan the back.

"You've payed already?" The driver asked.

"Yup, I hate carrying cash around these days."

"got it, I'd probably feel the same."

I buckled up and the driver pulled away. It would take us about 30 minutes to reach Simon's house.

I fired up Telegram and sent a quick message to him letting him know that we'd be there soon.

I then backed up to the main chat list and tapped on the name marked "Cheerleader". I knew Susan would be waiting for my message. She was sat behind the driver to make it easier for us to do what I had in mind.

Andrew: Ready?

The mesage came back almost immediately.

Cheerleader: You have no idea.

I opened up my camera ap and selected video and pressed "Start".

Back to Telegram...

Andrew: OK, it's running.

I switched back to the video so that I could make sure I was angling the front camera in such a way that I could both see the screen and keep messaging without creating interest from our driver, for now at least.

All this time Susan and I carried on everyday chatter about regular stuff, the chatter of two people who are comfortable and familiar with each other.

I could see a view slightly over my shoulder and between the two front seats of the car and had a good view of Susan in the back.

Cheerleader: Come on I'm fucking horny!

Andrew: OK, I want you to lift the sides of your dress so that you can rest them on your legs and tuck the back under you. I want to see your thighs as if the split were much wider.

Cheerleader: Is that all?

Andrew: for now.

I flipped back to the video and could see Susan tucking the back of her dress under her, but as yet couldn't see anything as the front was still covering her in a false vale of innocence.

"I don't know how you guys can talk and mess with your phones at the same time, I can barely use my phone." The driver had startled me some and I first thought he could see what we were up to, which actually we didn't mind, just not yet.

"Oh we're used to it. I'm not actually sure what we'd do if we had to go without them at all. A bit sad really."

The driver chuckled and fell silent again.

I looked back at the screen and smiled. Yes Susan had now pulled the front of her dress so that it gathered more on her legs so I could see naked thigh from the side right from her knee almost as far up as her panties.

Andrew: Fuck me that's sexy.

Cheerleader: Let me see?

I raised the phone up ever so slightly so she could see.

Cheerleader: Wow! Can the driver see?

Andrew: Well, he can't see my phone and it doesn't look like he has his mirror angled quite right to get a good view of you from the tits down.

Cheerleader: We should fix that don't you think?

Andrew: You're such a slut!

Cheerleader: Only to a point.

Andrew: Right then, loosen the straps on your dress, not much, but enough that it slips down a little so he can actually see a bit more than cleavage.

Cheerleader: Well, it is a little warm in here.

Andrew: As if you need an excuse to show off your tits.

Susan enjoyed going braless whenever possible and loved giving me a show when the situation allowed, and sometimes when it probably didn't.

As I watched my phone, Susan loosened her shoulder straps so much that she could pull the front of the dress almost enough to show her nipples, which I could see were already hard and pushing at the fabric.

Seeing her like that made me want to climb in the back and start sucking her tits through the dress, and she really liked having her tits sucked and licked dress or no dress.

I snuck a quick glance at the driver whose eyes had widened considerably.

Andrew: I think you have his attention.

Cheerleader: Oh shit I'm gonna cum in my panties at this rate.

Andrew: No you're not...you're goign to slide them down your legs and put them on the seat beside you. why do you think I wanted you in that particular dress?

I could see from the video that she was very turned on. She was breathing much more deeply than usual as if she were too hot and she was rubbing her thighs together.

Her hands immediately went to either side of her hips and pulled her dress up enough so she could hook her thumbs inside the wasteband of her panties.

This pulled the dress up so she was showing a good six inches of leg above the knee and I was getting a fucking awesome view of it.

Her hands moved slowly down her thighs and I could see black panties beneath.

I chanced another quick look to the driver who had now caught on and adjusted his mirror so he could get a much better view.

Andrew: Scoot over to the middle seat.

cheerleader: Will you still be able to see?

Andrew: Oh yes, don't you worry about that.

I adjusted my phones angle as Susan scooted over, making sure not to reveal any more than she was already.

I heard the driver whisper under his breath. "Fucking hell." And he adjusted his mirror again so he got a full view of Susan. In fact, if she lifted the front of her dress just an inch or two, he'd see right up her dress.

She continued sliding down her panties painfully slowly. I'm not sure if she was just being a tease or whether she didn't want to disturb the position of the dress, either way, it was driving me mad.

Finally I saw them appear from under the dress and reaching her knees, she simply let them drop to the cab floor.

Andrew: Now, pick them up and put them on the seat beside you where we can see them.

Susan leaned forward and made a big show of letting her dress fall away from her breasts so we could get a good look. I had the closest view because of where the phone was positioned, but the driver had the best view because the mirror was higher up. He probably even got a damn good look at her nipples, yes the dress was that loose.

When she sat upright again she was showing a good deal more tit than she was before, but she straightened out herself so that the dress again fell to her knees.

She made no attempt to hide the fact that she had her panties in her hand, in fact she rubbed them against her breasts. they must've gotten a little damp because she likes rubbing her juices over her tits when we have fun at home.

Andrew: do you know how much tit you're showing?

Cheerleader: Of course?

Andrew: I thought so.

We were getting close to Simon's now, so it was almost time to end the first part of our fun evening.

Andrew: OK, you better straighten yourself out so we dont have to rush when we get to Simons.

Cheerleader: You're no fun.

Andrew: You won't be saying that later, I promise.

She carefully tightened the straps on her dress, making sure to give her tits a good squeeze while she was adjusting herself. I'm sure the driver was most greatful, although I'm sure he'd rather been squeezing them himself.

Andrew: Only cover up one side, leave the other thigh showing.

She rearranged the folds and indeed made sure to leave a good deal of one thigh on display.

Cheerleader: Like that?

Andrew: Yes just like that.

This next part wasn't in the plan, so would be interesting to see what she did.

Andrew: OK, now I want you to slide your hand between your legs and touch your pussy.

Cheerleader: Seriously?

Andrew: Seriously! Don't let him see anything though, all he needs to see is your hand disappearing under the split.

Cheerleader: Fuck I'm going to enjoy this!

I saw her hand slip under the fabric of the dress and she was obviously dying to cum. I could see urgent movement making the dress ripple, but she was careful to keep herself covered.

Andrew: Open your legs enough so I can get a good look up your dress with the camera, something to watch later.

She saw where I had moved the phone too and willingly obliged. In fact from where she was sitting she'd have a great view up her own dress and be able to see what I saw every time I had the chance to look up her dresses and skirts, which was pretty often.

I saw the driver look at me, then quickly glance down between the front seats where I'd positioned my phone hand. He obviously understood what we'd been doing all the time and gave me a toothy grin.

"You lucky bastard," he mouthed and his eyes got back to watching the road, and the mirror.

I felt a slight pressure against my phone hand and saw her foot pushing me away. I took this to mean she was done.

I quickly shut off the video and saved it.

Andrew: I look forward to seeing that later.

Cheerleader: I can certainly understand why you take every opportunity to get me in a skirt, fuck that looked hot.

Andrew: It's a pervy holdover from my school days.

Cheerleader: I don't care, I enjoy it, you can look all you want.

We pulled up outside Simon's house.

"Have my card," the driver passed his card over and I pocketed it. "Let me know if you need picking up later."

He turned in his seat to smile at Susan.

"Or any time you need a ride."

We got out of the car, and as Susan passed the driver's open window she leaned over and reached in so he could get a good final close up of her tits and dropped her damp panties into his lap.

As she straightened up she whispered, "Wrap them round your cock the next time you wank, OK?"

She turned and we made our way to Simon's front door as the cab drove away.
