A young man is given the opportunity for adventure, and sex.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Cove, Chapter 1 (mF, 1st, caution, magic, mc, oral, impreg?, f-solo)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Author's Note: This story came to me in a dream, ironically enough, so it's going to get a bit weird.

---

The brown-haired young man, 16 years old, opened his eyes to find himself standing in a hot, dark cavern. An orange glow played off of the walls and ceiling, and he turned to see the source: a pool of lava, bubbling behind a waist-high rock wall. Then the lava moved, in a most unlava-like way.

He jumped back. Two eyes, glowing brighter than the surrounding molten rock, appeared, followed by a shape that was kind of like a face, rising from the lava. A voice spoke through the shape that was kind of like a mouth, "What are you doing here, man-thing?" The voice was sort of deep but seemed female, reminding him of the actresses that played the elf queen in Lord of the Rings or the white witch from Narnia.

As he watched, the shape that was kind of a head grew flames that resembled long hair that cascaded down this being's head and shoulders. The shape of its face slimmed and became more distinct, and when it fully rose up to his height, what seemed to be a pair of nice rounded breasts and an hourglass figure emerged from the lava. Her form reminded him a bit of the fire elementals from the video game Skyrim.

The being looked down and caressed its -- her -- breasts, as if it was surprised to find them there. "Desire," she said, "and intent: these are powerful things. Name yourself, man-thing."

He found his voice. "Cove."

Her head tilted. "Cove?"

He grimaced. "Short for Covenant. It's from some books my dad liked when he was growing up."

"A stately name indeed, Cove," she complimented him.

"And who are you?"

"You may call me Ignis." It was like Agnes, but with a soft "I".

"Where am I, Ignis?"

"My world," she said, as if that explained anything.

"Yours?"

"Not as in ownership," she clarified. "Much as you would say that where you came from is your world."

"My world..." He looked down at himself. He was wearing his jeans and favorite red Flash t-shirt, like on any other day, but had no memory of arriving in this place. What did he last remember? Going to bed. "Am I dreaming?" he asked her.

"Do you desire me, Cove?" She turned and stretched, lifting her fiery arms above her head, the effect of which pushed her breasts out.

Cove found that his cock was filling with blood at the sight of the strange female lava creature's display. "I...yes..."

She put her hands on her hips. Everything below was hidden by the lava. "Perhaps we can make a covenant of our own here and now. Desire and intent is important, Cove. What is your intent?"

"Intent? I don't know...I just found myself here."

She leaned forward, her arms on the lip of the pool, her breasts dangling down enticingly in front of her. "Do you seek justice? To right wrongs? I wish that, but I am trapped here within my pool."

Cove was awkward around women, but Ignis seemed different. She made him feel like he was the most important man in the world. If that's what she wanted...

"Yes, I want that too, Ignis."

Her eyes flared. "Yesss...my brave champion. I will give you what you desire, if you fulfill your intent. Take these..." She opened her hands and placed two dark objects on the edge of the lava pool wall. She moved back as he came forward to get a closer look. The heat from the liquid rock was intense.

There he found an ebony knife and what seemed to be a black, circular marble. He lightly touched the marble, expecting it to still be hot, but found it cool. He picked it up and examined it. It seemed to absorb the light, creating a kind of negative space through its very existence. He put it into his pocket and then picked up the knife. Though hewn from ebony rock, it was also smooth, and the hilt fit his hand perfectly. He looked at Ignis, who was still watching him.

"Both objects hold a part of me, Cove. The orb will absorb the magic from those who would misuse their power, and the knife will dispatch them after."

He stepped back. "Dispatch?" He didn't want to kill anyone!

She wade forward again, and he felt the intense heat coming from her. "If the offenders that plague my world were to live after you removed their power with the orb, they would regain it and continue terrorizing the populace. Look." She waved her hand, and a circular section of the lava in the pool began to swirl. Soon the center shone like glass, and through it he could see the outside world!

It looked medieval, or Middle Earth-ish. He was looking down at a village with thatched roofs and people running and screaming. Suddenly, a shadow fell over them, and a plume of fire burned dozens as it swept over them. The view panned and the shadow was revealed to be a huge winged dragon, which then flew off toward the distant mountains. The pool's scrying eye followed the beast as it winged its way toward those peaks, and finally it landed before a cave mouth. The dragon shuddered, and then as Cove watched, it shrank down until a man was standing there, bedecked in rich red robes, smiling. Laughing, he walked into the cave.

The vision ceased and the scrying pool fell back into the lava. "He was laughing about burning those people alive, Cove! Does such a monster deserve to live?" Her burning eyes pierced into his soul.

"No," he agreed. He clenched the hilt of the knife.

She pointed down a tunnel. "He is not far...the marble will guide you. Avenge those people, my champion."

---

The tunnel emerged at another mountainside. Cove had tucked the knife into his belt. He went to the edge and looked over, but vertigo from the huge drop-off pushed him back. He found a trail that led off along a ledge and followed it carefully, but when it began to meander along some hills and then branched, he pulled out the marble. He could feel it tugging him to the right, and so he continued that way. He found that he didn't have his phone, so it was hard to tell time, but eventually he found himself at the cave he had seen in the pool. Steeling himself, he crept inside.

There were glowing white stones lining the walls so he was able to see. The cavern was wide enough for ten people to walk side-by-side, and Cove followed it until it curved to the side and down.

He heard someone crying further along and hurried his step while trying to maintain stealth. Eventually he came to a larger chamber. In the center was a metal cage with two young women in it, cowering as the man he had seen in the scrying pool stood at its open door, beckoning to them. Cove couldn't make out what he was saying, but then he got upset, pulled one of the women out of the cage, and threw her to the ground. The woman remaining in the cage gasped and averted her eyes.

The man roared and his body transformed once again into the huge dragon, the sudden expansion of mass causing a burst of wind. The woman on the ground screamed, but that was cut short as she was swept up into the dragon's maw, head first.

"NO!" Cove ran forward, too slow as he saw the dragon chomp and the woman's torso went down its gullet. It chomped again, and only one of her lower legs remained visible. Desperate, Cove threw the marble as he got within range. It pinged off of the dragon's side.

Suddenly, there was an inrush of air and the dragon was gone, replaced by the man again, except that the woman's lower leg was still sticking out of his mouth.

"Uhgk!" he choked, his mouth obscenely stretched, his throat distended from the extremity, and he dropped to his knees. Cove tried to pull it out by the foot, but it was wedged. The man's eyes bulged, blooming red as blood vessels burst within them as his body vainly tried to draw a breath.

Finally, Cove pulled the ebon knife from his belt and jammed it through the man's eye and into his brain, putting him out of his misery. The dragon man fell to the cave floor, dead. A few seconds later, the body began to glow, and then it dissipated into sparkles that descended into the ground. The woman's leg was gone, too, thankfully.

The remaining prisoner, a pretty teen brunette in a peasant dress, exited the cage and came forward. "Brave hero! Thank you for saving me. Oh..." She reached down and picked up the ebon marble, "this is yours..."

Then she froze. Cove went over to her, but a moment later she started to move again, and held out the marble to him. He took it and slipped it back into his pocket.

"My brave champion," the girl said, and he realized that she now seemed different, more sultry. Her voice seemed deeper, too. "Now it is time for your reward."

He looked at her. "Ignis?"

"Mmm, yes..." She reached down to caress her breasts through her dress, and then moved forward, directing him backwards until his legs connected with something. He found himself sitting on a bed that had been off to the side of the room. Ignis in the young woman's body clambered onto his lap, letting her dress settle about her legs. Then she started to rub her crotch against his.

Cove gasped at the feeling. He had never even kissed a woman, much less had one dry hump him! He lay back as she unfastened the laces about her chest and pulled her top down from her shoulders. Her breasts, larger than on Ignis' fiery body, spilled out.

She hefted them and moaned. "I think I like having a body of flesh. Do you desire it, Cove?"

Cove was having trouble concentrating on anything but what she was doing to his crotch. "Yeah! But...what about the woman whose body this is?"

She stopped moving atop him. "I'm just borrowing her body to reward you for your service." She moved back and unfastened his belt and pants.

As she pulled his jeans and underwear down, he asked, "But she didn't agree to this."

She took his very hard 5 1/2" cock in her hand. "You saved her life. Do you think that she wasn't going to reward you just like this?" And then she started to stroke.

He lay his head back, overwhelmed with pleasure. He wasn't going to argue anymore. Then he felt her mouth envelop his cock.

"Hoooly shit..." he moaned as the lava woman sucked his cock using the possessed fair maiden's body. She seemed uncertain of herself, though Cove had no basis for comparison, and soon she pulled her mouth off of him and gave him a lascivious grin. As he watched, she hiked up her skirt, showing off her shapely legs, before she climbed back on top of him. They were going to do it!

As he felt her angle the head of his cock somewhere hot and wet, he spoke up, "Um, maybe we shouldn..." Then she pushed her mouth to his, kissing him passionately, and all his thoughts were lost to the pleasure of her sultry vagina slowly swallowing his manhood.

He was losing his virginity to a woman he didn't know that was also another woman made of lava he had just met possessing her body! He felt that body slide further down his cock and moaned into her mouth as their tongues danced. Soon he was fully embedded in her, and then she reared up, shaking and gasping, her nipples hard. "So...overwhelming..." she moaned, closing her eyes as he felt her insides grip him firmly.

After she came down from her orgasm, she started to move upon him, looking down at him with lust. Unfortunately, since this was Cove's first time, it was a miracle that he had lasted even this long, and he grunted, thrusting his hips up into the possessed woman as he shot his virginal load inside her.

"Ohh!" she gasped, her eyes opening wide. "Your lava is shooting inside me! It is so warm..." And then she started to shake in orgasm again, her borrowed body's reproductive system pulling his seed into its depths.

Gasping, Cove felt strange, and not only because he had just lost his virginity. He looked at his hand...it was turning transparent!

She saw. "You are leaving me, my champion! Please, return to me soon...there is much to accomplish."

Cove woke up, the dream still fresh in his mind. Also fresh was the spermy mess he had made of his sheets. "Oh shit..." he moaned. He'd have to put them on to wash so the housekeeper didn't have to handle them...that would be embarrassing!

---

Ignis was left kneeling on the bed, alone. She felt Cove's warm spend running down her legs and shivered. Her borrowed body's nipples were still hard, her clitoris engorged. Before she returned to the lava cave, she would have a little more fun, she decided. She lay back on the bed and played with her clitoris, making herself quickly cum again. She continued, lifting her hips and inserting two fingers inside her borrowed vagina, slippery with Cove's seed. She came again a minute later, the woman's spasming cervix pulling even more of the young man's cum into her womb.

Sated at last, she rose from the bed and picked up the marble and knife. Finally, she thought, a way to clean up her world, and she would have fun doing it, too. Hopefully Cove would last a bit longer next time...

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)