Stolen money

After a few laps around the track with the girls team, Susan headed back to the lockers with her team mates. She took off her sweaty tshirt and shorts and din't noticed anything out of order till she finished her shower. PE was the last period of the day before going home. It was then, while she put her school uniform back on, that she discovered her little purse were she kept her money was missing. 
"Are you sure you din't leave it in the classroom" her girls friends asked her. 
"Listen, the only time I take it out of my pocket is when I go to the track" 
For sure someone had broken into her locker while she was out on the field. One thing was obviuos, it had to be a girl and the locker had to be empty for her to not be seen. They all walked out and began asking every girl and boy outside, if the had seen anybody going in to the lockers. By then a group of girls and boys had gathered around, with the knews of the stolen purse with the $30 in it. Lucky that this girl that had been sitting nearby, told us she saw only one girl go in during the whole time we were on the field. By her discription, it could hve only been a girls named Nancy. The only girl in school that had strait sandy blonde hair and wearing loop earings. 
Let's get her before she leave school" 
A search party of 15 girls and group of boys spread out looking for her and finally spotted her just leaving the school building. She must have thought we were all a bunch students heading home, unaware we were fallowing her and waiting for a secluded place to grab her. We stoped her and lead her over a small hill and into the back yard of two empty beat up vacant houses. She was totally intimidated by us when we pushed her into a corner and told her to empty out her school bag and pockets. We din't find anything but she gave her self out when she admitted going into the lockers. 
"You probably threw away the purse and stuffed the money in your shoes" 
"You've looked already threw all my stuff and found nothing but books" she said. 
"Take off your shoes and socks and do it quick" 
"You see there's nothing there" as threw them on the ground. 
"I'll bet she probably stuffed them in her bra or panties" shouted a boy in back of us. 
"I thing a strip search would be in order in her case" don't you think girls? 
"Please I sware I din't take your money" looking visibly horrified of being stripped. 
"Stop talking bull shit and take off yous clothes" 
"Ok I'll take it off behind that wall" as she stood waiting for our permision. 
"Why behind the wall" I asked her just to forced her to respond. 
"Not in front of boys" she reaponded in a very low voice as she stood flushed with embarrassment. 
"Either you take it off or we will do it for you" I told her "I'm sure boys can't wait to see you naked. 
"Please I give you the money tomorrow if you let me go" 
"Screaming will only atrack more people" I told her and threatend to burn all her clothes. 
She paniked when I said that and began opening up her shirt slowly, making time to build up enough corrage to do it. She was down to her bra and panties and decided to make her suffer, take my time checking the hem of her clothes. 
"Please, can I keep my underware on" as tears ran down he cheaks. 
"What's this" as I looked down and saw a corner of a bill sticking out of the waist band of her panties as I pulled out my missing 10 and 20 dollar bills. 
"Ok I did it, I'm sorry and I sware I'll make it up to you" Thinking it was all over and she would be let go. 
"You know what your punishiment is going to be" as she stood there terrified standing in front of boys, screaming to see her naked. 
"I want your bra and panties off and I'm going to humiliated by letting boystake a good look at you" 
Nancy could find the way to take it her underware off, so my girl friends had to strip them off of her and spread her wide so boys to see her pussy. The funny thing was that even utterly humiliated, her pussy was dripping wet. 
"Ok boys, you can have her and do anything you want with her" as we watched them grabbing her breasts and finger fucking her spread down on the ground. We left her blouse and skirt to go home with but walked away with her bra and panties for insurance. Those are going to be hung up on the school flag if dosen't keep her mouth shout. I think the best way to punish thieves, is to strip the naked and publicly desgraced them and have fun while your at it.