Sundress for a Slut

Following my Lover's order, I had my uncinched robe on and no slippers while I made my husband breakfast. When he left, the robe was removed and I was nude. When it was time to leave for work, I grabbed my dress and sandals and put them in the trunk of my car. I also grabbed my big black dildo and put it on the front seat.

My heart was racing! (As a side note....this is extremely good for building up your heart rate and therefore very good for me!) Anyway, I got in to begin my 16 mile trip to work totally naked. It was uneventful, although one construction truck was next to me on the drivers side at a stoplight. I don't know what the passenger could see but he kept looking over at me. That got me very excited!

I guess I should remind you what I look like. I'm in my mid-thirties and I have longish dirty blonde hair and blue eyes. My lover says my petite but natural tits and pink nipples really turn him on. He also loves my shaved tight slit and the slightly protruding mound above it. He raves about my firm round ass and my beautifully shaped thighs. I'm a Slut through and through and I live to do nasty things. I also love to be naked, especially in public. 

I pulled into the Park-N-Ride as planned and found a space between two cars for a little safety. As per my instructions, I walked around to the trunk totally naked and got out my dress and slipped it on, unbuttoned. Two cars pulled in and I think I was seen but I'm not sure. I sat on the front seat with the doors open to pull on my shoes. I was completely exposed yet hidden by the cars and the doors, so I wasn't seen, yet it was extremely exciting and VERY satisfying. My Lover knows I want.....no, I NEED....to be naked in public places and he helps me plan new ways for me to satisfy my craving. He has the same craving, but we both realize that it's much easier for a woman to get naked in unexpected places than a man. 

The dress I chose was a very thin cotton summer dress, white with gay little red flowers. It's designed to be worn with a slip, but, hey....no slip! Mmmmmm!! It feels a bit wicked and devilish with no slip. (BTW....do you find slips sexy? Please tell me.) The dress is thin enough to see my aureolas outlined. The buttons are close together so I left the two at the top and bottom undone. That would open the dress to mid-thigh.....a good starting point, I thought. White flat sandals completed my outfit.

With that, I'm in the office now. Most of the day will be spent with Amy, the new bright 20 year old intern, for her orientation. I plan to unbutton my top one more just before we start. That way she can see my nipples. I'll probably undo another on my leg, too, but that depends on the need. That would open the dress to just below my bare pussy. I can start to feel the desire in my cunt to be exposed. 

My Lover has explained how important it is for pretty girls to expose their tits, asses and especially their cunts to strangers. There are so many people out there who girls can thrill by exposing their charms. And my cunt is soooooo happy when I show it to people.

I felt sooo very comfortable and excited in my sundress. I unbuttoned a top and bottom button as Amy and I worked. Occassionally I went over to her and stood by her left side and leaned over and pointed out some things. There was no doubt she could see my entire left breast. I noticed her legs were open a bit under the table and knew she was interested. I told her I enjoyed dressing like this more and more, but could only do it when the owner is away as he'd have a fit. 

I planted the seed with her and we'll see what happens. My goal is to eat her and feed her my cunt. Although my primary interest is new cocks, I also like an occasional pussy to suck on. Amy had told me she wore a ring "to keep the guys away" and that got my attention. My Lover said she had told me that so I would know she liked girls.

A couple of people commented on how nice I looked. For some reason they were all guys! Go figure. I did look and feel good. My nail polish and toe nail polish matched the red on my dress as did my lipstick. The dress was seductively cool and thin and with the buttons undone....very very enticing. My nipples were hard most of the day, accentuating my bosom.

I finshed working with Amy around 3pm. I needed to see Mike for a "special" reason. Mike is the young college hire working in our stockroom for the summer. I had been teasing Mike for sometime now, ever since he helped fix the copy machine, and, in so doing, looked up my dress to see my bare pussy. I hadn't seen him all day. He was alone in the stockroom when I walked in. He turned and stared at me for a long while before clearing his throat and saying I looked nice.

I should tell you that my Lover has instructed me to fuck Mike before Mike goes back to school this fall. I'm in the early stages of seducing him. 

"Just nice, or sexy nice?" I asked. "Sexy nice!!" he said hoarsely.

I rubbed my right hand up my exposed thigh and coyly looked at him. 

"Would you like to see more?" I purred.

He gulped and nodded. 

Starting at the bottom, I undid the buttons one at a time. The first thing that came into view was my snatch. I let him look, keeping my legs partially askew as I worked my way up to the top. When the last button was undone, I held the dress in my hands and opened my arms wide, fanning it out like a kite, completely exposing my entire body. Mike eyes were everyplace except my face, and I enjoyed it! 

"Like?" 

He could only nod trying to speak, but nothing came out. His wide- eyed look told me he did. I took the dress off entirely and laid it on his desk. Then I removed my sandals while Mike watched.

I turned around and bent over slightly so he could see my ass and cunt from behind while I watched him staring from over my shoulder. I knew he was pleased. I walked over right next to him so he could feel my breath. He was frozen like a statute. I picked up a pencil and wrote on his calendar, "Dinner with Lisa at 5:30 on July 29th." 

"Is that OK?" I asked. 

He could only nod. I moved a bit further away so he could see me better and put on my sandals slowly, my body fully exposed. Finally I put on my dress but left it unbuttoned. Remembering my Lover's instructions, I walked up close to him, took both his hands, and placed them on my bare breasts. I looked deep into his eyes. 

"See you in two weeks...." the back of my hand falling over his hard cock and lightly rubbing it ".....lover."

With that I turned and walked out. Fortunately no one was in the outer stockroom, so I quickly buttoned and left, excited over the prospect of fucking another new cock soon. A new, young, hard, cum- filled cock! 

Needless to say, that jazzed me up for the ride home. I left 3 buttons undone at the top and bottom for the short remainder of the afternoon. As I walked to the car at the end of the day, I unbuttoned a few more buttons, feeling the warm sun on my skin. It's a short drive to the Park-N-Ride from the office. There was a car pool unloading and I found a place to park not too far from them. By the time I parked, everyone had reached their cars except one man talking to the driver. Remembering my instructions, I walked to the back of my car. Since my dress was mostly undone, the two men could easily see my breasts from about 20 feet away. Nonchalantly, facing the trunk, I undid the remaining buttons and removed my dress. Another car drove in but frankly I don't know if they saw me or not. I turned slightly so the two men could see better, then bent over and opened the trunk. I carefully folded my dress and laid it on the truck floor. I raised my leg to the bumper and undid my right sandal, then the other, and put them in the trunk with my dress. Totally nude at last, I turned and faced them. I stretched and posed for them a bit. I gave them a big smile and a little wave and walked around and got in the car. 

By now I was sooooo very excited but calm and in control. I left the door open and picked up my dildo. I began to fuck myself with it and took a few long deep satisfying strokes. My cunt was very happy that it had not only been exposed to some strangers in public, but was now being smoothly fucked with my big black rubber cock.

I put on my sunglasses and then drove home, knowing I'd pleased myself and my Lover. I knew he would be very proud of me for everything I did.

I got home and then dressed, once again leaving three buttons undone top and bottom. After a quick dinner, Ken and I grabbed the lawn chairs and headed out to an outdoor concert. My husband loved my outfit and I felt glorious! We found our place and began to listen to the concert. With my legs crossed, my dress was open to about an inch and a half below my pussy. Occassionally I opened them up and sometimes crossed them at the ankles, but since everyone was watching the stage, no one really noticed. But the air still felt good on my cunt. 

At intermission, we walked around a bit and got some popcorn. The guy at the concession stand and another at the checkout got a good view of my titties, however. Ken was extremely pleased with my outfit.

During the second half, I sometimes placed a leg across his thighs and let him rub it. In this position, my cunt was completely exposed. Ken and I knew it and he loved it!

As we walked to the car, I asked him if he would like me to take off my dress for the ride home. He gave me a resounding, "YES!" There were simply too many people to undress in the garage, but as soon as we cleared the crowd, I unbuttoned some more and when we got out of the garage, I removed my dress and sandals for the ride home. . Once home, I knew Ken would want to fuck me but I had other ideas and offered to give him head. He couldn't resist as my tongue worked down across his belly and licked his cock. I concentrated solely on pleasing him with my tongue, mouth, hands and eyes! 

I watched him as I licked his shaft and balls. I cradled his nuts in my hands lovingly as I rolled my tongue across the head. I closed my eyes and took him down my throat wetly and deeply again and again and again, then looked at him as I rubbed it across my face and rubbed his shaft. This time I watched him as I swallowed, sucked and licked his glorious cock. I felt the pressure rise and his hands were on my head, steadying me. I held his shaft halfway in my mouth and soon felt his hot thick salty satisfying semen seep into my mouth sliding steadily down my throat. Gently, I sucked the last of his sweet juice and cleaned him off before going to sleep. 

What a glorious day! Now my tummy was happy in addition to my tits, my ass and my cunt. What could be better than being a true Slut?