I Take Chances
by Mary

Let me tell you a little about myself, I love taking chance's and doing risky things that can turn out very embarrassing or humilating if I get caught! I'm not really a thrill junkie but I do get a strange kick out of being embarassed or humiliated, so I take chances.

First I guess you might wonder what I look like? Okay that's as good as any place to start. I'm about 5 foot 2 in my bare feet, I have dirty blonde hair that comes to just below my shoulders, weight okay I drift around between 110 on the low side and 120 if I let myself go which I do at times. Body wise, about average I'd say but am kinda small up top, 32B the rest of the numbers if you need them are 26 and the hips are 35. As I said kind of average. Okay some people have told me my face is cute but most say that my ass and legs are to die for, I guess all the walking and running I do are good for something.

I live in what some people would call a small to midsize town, total of about 50,000 in town and the area around it. It's not like your going to know everyone but well you know what I mean I guess, but if you do some embarrassing it just seems it will happen were you are known at. I work for a dry cleaning company, yeah I know boring job standing at a counter taking in other peoples dirty clothes and giving them back once there clean but hey some body gotta do it you know. Friends, yeah I got some of them to and a few even know about my strange habit of taking risks most don't though. I guess all things considered I have a normal life. That is till I get the need for risk taking then it's anything but normal!

This all started back when I was younger, not that I'm all that old now at 33 but when I was like 17 or 18 years old. It started off with me going skinny dipping down at the river, no big deal you say everyone has done that at one time or the other okay your right but I got caught my first time out and noticed right away that while I was embarrassed I was also turned on by it! Nothing came of it though I was caught by a much older couple, guess they had to be in there late sixty's. The old man seemed to enjoy seeing me but his wife gave me hell calling me a few choice names that I was shocked to hear come out of her mouth telling me I should be ashamed and what would my family thank you know all that. Well over time I got much more daring. In no time it seemed like I started going to the park and stripping naked and walking all over the place naked. That was were I met Jackie who was to become one of my dearest friends she saw something in me that I hadn't seen yet, the need to be exposed and embarrassed and took it upon herself to make sure I got it. We moved in together when I was twenty and we had a roommate Robert to boot. We shared a three bedroom house and split everything in equal shares, food, rent and all that it worked out fine. We each had our own bedroom but shared the bath, kitchen and living room. Robert got the better end of the deal I think he shared the house with two women who had a habit of forgetting there was a man around as both of us got caught in either our undies or worse leaving the bathroom or going into the kitchen either late at night or in the morning when we all thought the others would be out or in bed. I was the first to be caught naked, I had just finished showering and washing my hair and walked out of the bathroom to go get dressed, my hair wrapped in a towel, I had forgotten to bring my clothes in when I started and what did I find? Robert walking down the hall from the kitchen and Jackie just comming out of her room! I stopped in mid step shocked to be caught like this by both of them at once. Roberts eyes took in every inch of my naked body as I turned beet red from head to toe and Jackie just burst out laughing, I took off in a mad dash to my bedroom running into Robert as I tried to get past him. He grabbed me by my arm and said whoa girl, let me get a good look before you run off, he was smiling as he turned me loose, what did I do , I bolted into my room that’s what but it did take me a long time to calm down enough to get dressed. I joined them in the kitchen after wards but had a hard time looking either of them in the eye. Jackie had filled Robert in on my strange habit while I was in my bedroom and between them they had worked out a plan for me.

I'll fill you in on that when I quit blushing and work up the nerve to go on later.
