I watched Tawni stalk into the student cafeteria; she had a sort of springy predatory bounce to her that was really attractive. Not that watching her was ever painful - she filled her tight jeans perfectly. I was expecting her, since I helped her out with her science homework every day.
I wasn't exactly making bank as a grad student and tutoring helped pay a few bills. My Dad and I had been scraping by since Mom died of cancer ten years ago. The medical bills had nearly overwhelmed us, so we'd both worked extra jobs just to get by.
I needed all the money I could get by tutoring, so I took on students who had real problems "getting it".
Tawni wasn't exactly my best student; she was smart enough, but moody and she had a lot of absenteeism that meant she spent more time catching up than usual. She was cute, and if I let myself think about, pretty damn sexy in a petite, athletic way. But I kept those ideas tamped down - it's really bad to get tangled up with one of the undergrads if you're trying to avoid drama.
She arrowed in on me and sat her round little butt as close to me as humanly possible without sitting in my lap. That was kind of odd. She usually tried to keep her space.
She didn't look directly at me, but I could see a certain edgy gauntness of manner to her that seemed very unlike her normal cheerful self. She flopped her notebook and papers out in front of us.
She began talking without preamble, "So if you could explain the valence thing again."
I stared at her. This was so unlike her - she always told some goofy joke and talked about the weekend race - she raced women's motocross in the pro-am division. She invariably put off studying as long as she could. She was also wearing some kind of very distracting perfume - though I couldn't put my finger on it.
"Uh, Tawni, is everything okay?"
She jerked her head around - her green eyes were glittering with something like anger. She looked drawn and strained.
"I'm fine." Sharp, bitten words.
I leaned in toward her - I thought for a second I saw her lip curl and heard a growl, but decided it was my imagination.
"Not to push it, your business is your business, but you just put your Spanish homework and what looks like your personal calendar on the table. Upside down. So I don't think you are fine."
Her eyes glittered even more - welling with tears.
"I'm just...just," She stopped.
Something about her was different today - without meaning to, I felt myself put my arm over her shoulders. She leaned into me, looking at the table. At first I was fine - I was, but then, there was a sort of warmth where our thighs were touching that spread. I felt myself getting hard. I was, frankly, horrified. Here I was trying to comfort Tawni, and I had a hard-on.
She looked sharply up at me - her nostrils were flared and she had a slightly feral look. She had a smile, but it wasn't fun, it was hungry - and her canine teeth seemed longer.
Her hand dropped to my thigh, gripping hard, nails biting through my jeans- about an inch from my rod.
Harsh whisper "You sense it, don't you?!"
I didn't know what to say. What was "it"?
She very deliberately relaxed her grip and slid her hand over my hard-on. I don't know what I expected... a scream? A disgusted look?
Instead she looked... pleased.
Instead of freaking out, she seemed to relax.
"Thank God." She was idly stroking my shaft. Which was nice, but I was confused as hell. And to make matters worse, I could see her diamond hard nipples poking through her shirt.
Without stopping she held her other had up, in a "stop sign", closed her eyes and said through gritted teeth, "SShhh! Just give me a minute; I need this."
I stayed frozen. She made a sound that couldn't be anything else other than a soft purr.
She finally stopped - which was good since I had no other jeans in my locker. She looked me straight in the eyes. "I'll be at your truck in the parking lot right after my final class. It ends at 5. I'll explain everything."
She bared pointed teeth. "Don't. Be. Late."
It wasn't an invitation, it was a threat.
She collected her stuff, and walked out of the cafeteria - her ass was absolutely entrancing - she looked back to make sure I was watching and put a definite twitch in her tail for me.

At 5 o'clock, I went straight to my truck and found her already sitting on the hood.
She got in when I did.
"Do you know of any place we can go to be completely alone?"
I nodded. "I built a little cabin off old route 45, back in the woods. It isn't much but I don't have to pay rent. And we will have complete privacy to sit and talk."
She smiled her hungry smile again. "Yeah, talk. Sure."
We got to the cabin in record time - her perfume was overwhelming even though I couldn't actually narrow it down to anything particular. Musk, maybe. And my hard on had returned with aching intensity. She seemed rigid, staring straight ahead, trembling every now and then.
Once we got into the cabin, I began lighting the oil lamps - not the safest thing in a wooden cabin, but nice. She stalked around the three room cabin, checking every corner.
I was lighting the final lamp when she asked around the corner of the bedroom.
"Can you give me a hand with something?"
"Uh yeah, I guess."
"Come here"
I obediently walked into the bedroom. She was standing by the bed without a stitch of clothing on. Her body was covered in sparse, but clear black hair - she pirouetted slowly. Her small hard tits were relatively hair free, but her pubic hair was thick and formed a line that went straight up to her navel. She had another strip that went from the back of her neck down her spine to her round hard little ass. There was a primal quality to it that was insanely attractive.
Part of my mind began to wonder if I had any silver close by.
But that perfume was absolutely intoxicating. I stepped toward her haltingly, but tried to control my reaction.
She giggled, ending in a purr. "It's okay - I want it - actually I need it."
She closed her eyes and shivered. "There's a full moon tonight and I can barely control myself during the daylight. It gets worse every damn month. And vibrators don't cut it anymore. Aunt Selene is going to have to chain me up if we don't do this. And I hate that. God, I hate that."
I took two more staggering steps forward. She closed the gap herself, matter- of-factly pulling my shirt off, and undoing my jeans. I stepped out of my shoes - she'd have ripped them off if I didn't. She pulled my jeans and underwear straight down and off. And my socks.
She ended up kneeling right in front of my bobbing cock. She purred loudly, captured it with one hand and popped it right into her hot mouth. She gripped my butt hard with the other hand. I was a little nervous at first - given how long and pointed her teeth had been looking today, but her tongue and lips soon soothed my concerns. She savored it, sucking and licking down the shaft, nibbling the head and even nuzzling my balls. She purred loudly the whole time.
When I started to get too close, I gently broke her away from it. She flashed angry for a fraction of a second - until I picked her up and laid her on the bed.
I think for a second she thought I was going to be gentle and sweet, but the thought "she's in heat, not in love" sprang to mind. I practically dove between her widespread thighs - despite the thick pelt of pubic hair, her slit was swollen, bright pink and wide open. Her clit was puffed out and fully engorged. I latched on to her like I'd never had a meal in my life. Her heels, then her toes dug into my shoulders - I could feel something like claws gripping my shoulders and dig into my hair as she ground her slit into my mouth. I licked, I sucked and I bit. She purred, hissed and screamed. And wouldn't let go. I could feel blood in my scalp and on my shoulders from her claws, but it didn't matter. I could taste what I had been scenting all day - I knew it had to be pheromones designed to make me react this way, but again, it didn't matter. I had no idea how long I devoured her, but eventually her clawed hands loosened their grip. The pheromones didn't though - I stood over her splayed out form as she caught her breath. Her eyes had changed - they were still green, but the iris was cat's eye shaped. Her teeth looked needle sharp and the hair seemed thicker.
Beautiful.
My cock was raging hard and she looked at it with a fervent, almost feverish, craving in her eyes. I caught her hips and flipped her over so she was face down, and dragged her taut form back toward me until she was standing on the floor, bent sharply at the waist, ass up, legs eagerly spread. I slammed my engorged pole into her. She screamed in something like ecstasy, but something more primitive and thoughtless. She was almost boiling around me - and she was so wet I could feel her hot juices dripping off my balls. She needed to be fucked.
And that, I could do.
I began hammering her brutally - each driving stroke touching her, bottoming out. She kept her tits against the bed and clawed the sheets - I could see them shred and tear. I was pretty damn glad I'd chosen the position I had. In a few minutes I was jetting cum deep inside her, but I couldn't stop - maybe it was the pheromones, maybe it was something else, but I kept on.
Her scent, the feel of her - I felt like I could go on all night. With each of her orgasms, I could feel the fury draining out of her - she stopped shredding the sheets and seemed to get more relaxed. Eventually, she slid forward off me and collapsed on the bed. I had a feeling giving her a good rest was a bad idea, so I turned her on her back and slipped between her thighs; her warm pussy happily accepted my still hard shaft. We stayed like that for a long time, sort of slow-fucking in a sort of dreamy state. Every once in a while she would give a tiny shudder. Her teeth were looking a little less sharp and her eyes were back to human. Her breathing was pretty normal. After a while she said,"When you are ready to cum again, tell me."
It wasn't long - and when I told her, she slipped out from under me and caught the load in her open mouth, licking all the remaining cum off my cock with undisguised glee. She lay back on the bed beside me staring at the ceiling. It was dark outside - and I could see the full moon through the window. She looked almost normal.
"It's a monthly curse. Cycles with the full moon. Aunt Selene told me to get a boyfriend and screw the hell out of him for five out of the last seven days of the cycle during the day."
"Why not the last two?"
"She'd have thought this was too dangerous. The last two days I'm normally chained up at night."
"This 'curse' passes down the female side of my family. The only bright side is that the cycle makes us very sensitive and we can orgasm a lot. A whole lot. I masturbate half the night every damn night. I've been horny for as long as I can remember. Jesus, we have to actually budget for the fucking D cell batteries for the vibrators. I actually wear vibrators out. Can you fucking imagine? I'm like my Mom - we have it a lot worse than Aunt Selene ever did - and she calmed down a lot after having me and passing on part of the curse. She is pretty normal as long as she spends a few hours of 'alone time' every night."
"So as long as you're having sex, it takes the edge off it."
"A little, but I think you're different - some, very few, men produce pheromones that 'cancel' out some of the effects of the cycle. For a while - it isn't a permanent change. You must be one of them, although I never heard of any that were this... effective. I haven't felt this calm in a year and a half."
I studied her. The moonlight made her look almost ethereal as she stared up at it wistfully...
"I can't even remember the last time I looked at the moon on purpose, especially not the full moon."
"You never really talked about your family."
"Yeah, I live with my Aunt. Mom... Mom lost control and went feral. We don't know where she is at all. I was about ten when she lost it. She's probably living in Yosemite right now."
"Seriously?"
"That's why Aunt Selene worries about me so much. I've got a lot of her tendencies. And a lot of her problems."
"Are you afraid of that?"
She sighed "Maybe. Sometimes. I'm not exactly like her. She reveled in it. Sometimes she even went hunting on the full moon. Rabbits. Deer. I hope that's all."
She paused. "That's why I do motocross. It fulfills the hunting drive. Without anything or anyone getting hurt. Makes it a lot easier to control."
"That sounds like a great plan... and the helmet..."
"Yeah, the suit and the helmet hide the changes. But my Aunt isn't convinced. She worries about me all the time. She usually keeps me chained in the basement at this point of the moon path. It's horrible. The urges take over because I feel trapped. It's a soundproof room - so nobody can hear me howl and scream..." Her voice trailed off.
I could see her breathing quickening a little and her teeth were starting to gleam a little too much. So I pulled her over on top of me. She slid down on my shaft, sighing happily as she felt it pushing into her. She began slowly bouncing up and down on my cock, stopping every now and then to shiver contentedly.
I pulled her down and kissed her - which she seemed to enjoy immensely - it was obviously unexpected. She shivered again while we kissed. She straightened up and stared at me with a tiny smile.
"I guess you have some of those pheromones in your saliva too. Wish I'd have known that for the last six months."
"So let me get this straight. The safest thing for me - and you - is for us to spend the rest of the night kissing and generally screwing ourselves silly?"
She looked out the window. "Actually I think it is pretty much the only safe thing for us to do until the moon sets. Unless you have some serious chains and locks in this place. I just hope you can keep this up long enough."
I grinned "Aren't we a very kinky little thing? Nope, no chains, but the good news is that your pheromones are apparently good for me too - I know I can keep going like this all night."
I thrust up into her hard. She sighed - with a nice calm peaceful undertone. And gave me another series of long slow kisses.
"I need to call my Aunt Selene - she's probably completely freaked out."
She walked over to the phone and dialed. I watched her cute little ass as she bent over the desk. "Aunt Selene? No! It's okay. Really. I met a Cure. A real one. No! Look out the window. I'm talking aren't I? He's the real deal - Even kissing him is enough to calm me. No, Aunt Selene, I'm not just kissing him... No! It's working dammit."
She was starting to sound frustrated, and I could hear a growl entering her voice. The fur up her spine seemed to be darkening and stiffening. And besides, she was bent over...
I was up behind her in a moment, pushing her forward again. She moved just as I thrust in. I realized something was wrong immediately - she felt a lot tighter and the angle was wrong. She stuttered to a stop. I had just shoved my juice-slick cock up her ass. All the way to the hilt. In one completely unexpected thrust.
Oh, Hell.
I began to gauge the distance to the door.
I thought of pulling out, but as I considered the option, she - hesitantly - pushed her ass back at me. So I began to stroke just a little. She moved with it carefully at first, but with more vigor with every pump. The voice on the line was droning on in a sort of angry bee sound.
Tawni seemed to relax.
She hadn't taken the phone from her ear the whole time. She finally started talking again.
"Yeah, yeah. No problem. No red meat. Yes, I am relaxed. Actually he's fucking me now. In my ass."
Great, I expected her Aunt Selene to freak, but instead the droning sounded calmer, if anything.
Tawni purred, "God, it feels great. A helluva lot better than a damn vibrator up there. This is like a narcotic. Every stroke makes me feel calmer and more in control. Really? Um, I guess. Hold on."
She held the phone up over her head. "She wants to talk to you. Don't stop."
I held the phone up to my ear while I kept pumping. I could feel Tawni cumming again.
"Yes?"
A weird buzzing in the background, but otherwise okay.
"Do you know how dangerous what you are doing is?"
"I have an idea, but doing this seems to keep her calm."
"How long can you keep screwing her?"
Rather blunt.
"Um, well it is almost midnight, we've been doing this since six or so, and I feel like I can keep going for the rest of the night at least. I seem to have an effect on her, but she has an effect on me as well. I think she is emitting some kind of sex pheromone."
"Yeah, probably. Okay, moonrise was at 3:20 and it sets in about 30 minutes, you should be relatively safe in about an hour. If you don't feel safe, lock her in a closet or tie her up or something. But she'll be able to tell you when the danger is past."
"Umm, wouldn't it be better just to keep doing what we are doing until it subsides totally?"
"Yes, but realistically can you keep that up."
"Um, hold on"
I gave Tawni a hard series of thrusts, deep into her. She moaned happily.
"Sorry I had to, um, medicate her again. Realistically - let me put it this way, with her, I can go until dawn."
A deep moan on the other end. Buzzing.
"Sorry, I had to 'medicate' myself. She really could kill you if you are wrong."
"I think I have things under control with her. She is pretty uninhibited about letting me know what she needs."
There was a soft laugh on the other end. "Yes, I imagine she would be. Let me talk with her for a little bit, but don't stop, um, 'medicating' her. By the way, let me use plain terms so that there isn't any confusion, I want to make it clear; you need to fuck her for at least another hour, bang her, it'll keep her calm."
"Thanks." That was absolutely weird.
I handed Tawni the phone back. She sighed into the phone.
"Aunt Selene? Yes, I am sure we'll make it. When was the last time you even heard me talk at all during this late phase of the moon path? Yeah, god, I feel sane, normal. Even if we stopped now, I'd make it okay. No, no, I promise, we'll fuck like rabbits until the change is past. I already have so much cum in me it's running down my legs. Really. Yeah, I'll call in an hour. I promise. Okay, I'll tell him. Bye."
She put the phone down and looked back over her shoulder at me.
"Aunt Selene gave me a message for you."
"Really?"
"Her exact words were, 'Bang it like a drum, and don't stop until she passes out'."
Tawni giggled.
"Well, I don't want to be disrespectful to your Aunt Selene, soo..."
I proceeded to pound her, reaching forward to grab her tits. Her nipples were like rocks and she really enjoyed having them roughly pinched.
It was more than 30 minutes later that I finally pulled out of her. She lay on the table, breathing steadily. I walked over to the bathroom sink and washed off carefully. She stood up from the table and stepped into the bathroom.  
She looked completely normal. But oddly nervous.
"It's passed. I can tell. So you can relax."
I looked down at my aching hard-on. I reached into the shower and turned it on. She looked resigned and started to turn away.
"Well, how about we get a shower and clean up? C'mon."
She slowly got into the shower. I began to soap her up, spending an inordinate amount of time on every lovely curve.
She relaxed for a moment then straightened up.
"No, it's okay you're safe, you can stop," Disappointed tone.
I laughed, "Tawni, for me, this was never about me staying safe. I still have an aching hard-on. All your fault for being so damn sexy, and I am never going to get to sleep until this thing goes down. Besides I promised your Aunt I'd bang you like a drum until you passed out."
She giggled.
I kept my word, she finally passed out while we spooned, with me inside her, and I finally managed to get some sleep.
The next morning I took her over to her house, she practically skipped up the walk. Her Aunt Selene opened the door before we even got to it. She looked like an older version of Tawni.
She looked at me curiously. Tawni looked at her looking at me. And giggled. She led me into the house.
"Aunt Selene - Chris. Chris - Aunt Selene."
"He doesn't look as tired as he should. Neither do you."
Tawni smiled. "I think we got a whole three hours of sleep. After sunrise."
I really wasn't sure what to say. Tawni's Aunt Selene solved it in a very direct manner by giving me an instant and heartfelt hug.
"I'm so sorry! I knew better than to let her go to school yesterday."
I shook my head. "Tawni and I will start, um, getting together, a few more days out next time."
"What? Look, maybe, but the last two days..."
I held my hand up. "...will be fine."
"You need to take chains, at least handcuffs and leg irons just in case."
Tawni rolled her eyes. A rise of frustration, then she looked over at me and smiled. "Sure, that's something we haven't tried yet. Can I get a nice black leather outfit to go with them? And a paddle?"
Her Aunt Selene looked seriously at me. "Will that help?"
I broke out laughing.

That was four years ago, and things have gone fine. It can be a little exciting around a full moon. We may even be considering cubs sometime soon.
Tawni and I are still together, and I even introduced Selene to my Dad.
That odd pheromone thing seems to run in families.
The two of them are vacationing in Yosemite this year. Tawni's Mom and Selene are twins and Selene seems to have convinced Dad that there are some benefits to saving her sister from herself.