Meri Pyaari Shilpa

By: Ashish


Hi friends, i am ashish male 21 from Mumbai India This is true story,
which I face when I was returning with my younger si ster (Shilpa) from
my aunty (mother 91sister) place. I live with my family in Mumbai.We are
four members in our family. Father-is a businessman. Mother is a house
wife. Sister Shilpa-19 years a student of class 2nd year o f graduation.
I used to participate in my father's business. I am going to narrate how
I had sex with my younger sister (Shilpa).

In our summer v acations we used to visit our native place, which is
around 20 hours away f rom Mumbai. We both of us were traveling alone
because of my father had no time due to his busy schedule and we were
visiting after couple of years af ter our exams. While going to native
place were with our aunty but for our return journey i booked 2 ticket
which were not confirmed due to pick seaso n. While returning from the
house to station we saw a dog having inte rcourse and they both were
sticked to each other, i saw that mine sister wa s observing a sex show
with interest, on that time i thought that she might be feeling horney.

When i saw at here she felt shy. on that time mine sist er was not a
looking like my sister but a sexy, horney girl.... while comi ng to
station by a share taxi we both were very close to each other sitting in
congested place and mine whole mind was to review the show of dog.... f
rom that point i was not at all feeling like traveling with my sister. I
wa s imagining the cunt of mine sister. When we reached at station i
went to see wheater our ticket got confirm or not, but it was a tough
luck... we ha d no confirm ticket when i talked to a TC after 1/2 an
hour he confirmed 1 birth for us which was on the top and told that he
will see to it the and gets confirmed at the earliest. i made Shilpa to
climb up by intentionally pussssshing her buttocks which she came to
know and then i climbed up, now both of us sat on a birth but my mind
was still in that doggy incidence. In front of us a girl of around 10-12
years was sleeping with her father and mother on the next down seats
train was running fast. Now Shilpa was relaxi ng in a corner of upper
birth, Shilpa asked me What happened you don't w ant to relax?

I told how i can relax its not an ample space for both of us. She told
me don't mind relax next to me we have to travel around 20 haur
s.....now we slept next to each other and she kept her head on my
biceps. i started feeling heat... where the well grown breast of Shilpa
were touchin g mine shouldershe told me see to it that you don't fall
down and she came very near to me and our body's were touching each
other. I was feeling the heat of her body. Shilpa thigh was touching me.
And she was also feeli ng something and i moved my hand near to her and
kept my hand on her waist, and her soft chicks were touching mine
biceps. My cock was at his full.

S he came to know about mine intensions but she was also in a mood to
spend a night with me. She was breathing so heavily that i was feeling
the heat of her inhalation. Now i moved my face towards her, and started
touchin g her chicks and the lips. i moved mine hand on her sweet
buttocks which w ere to soft. i started pressing them and then i took
her hand and put on th e mount of mine jeans she unzipped me and lowered
the underwear to mine thi ghs. i slowly raised her salwar and put my
hand in side the kamiz and it wa s to hot inside. i was moving mine hand
on her panty and my dear sisters ha nd was moving on mine hard rock
cock. I inserted mine hand inside and it wa s a closed heaven... i. e.
... pussy of mine dear sister...by that time she was feeling toooo horny..

I lowered her kamiz and i parted the patels of t hose sweet pussy and
inserted mine middle finger in to it.. she moned ooooh hhaaaa..... she
was jerking mine cock at the same speed i was inserting my finger in and
out now she was wet inside.Mine one hand was working on developed
breasts of mine sister i was caressing the nipples with mine mou th. i
slowly inserted 2 fingers in her pussy and she was too hot and making
noise. Shilpa lowered mine jeans to mine knees and i was in too hurry to
t aste her wet pussy. i lowered her panty to her knee and i tried to
insert m ine 8 " cock but mine efforts were in vain... it was not so
easy in such p lace with such tiny pussy but slowly slowly i made it, i
was putting mine o ne hand on Shilpas mouth so that she shouldn't make
noise giving her jerk s of the life.....

Both of us were in too much of enthusiasm of our adultn ess but only 1/4
of mine cock was able to get inside i pushed heavily and t he train
helping too much in my movements.... but i was proceeding slowly.. .. it
took around 2-25 min to get inside around Shilpa was complet ely wet by
that time.... i was also about to come, i was moving fast for th at as i
felt its coming i removed mine cock from the pussy and exploded on her
thighs Shilpa removed her panty and cleaned mine cock and her thighs an
d dumped wet panty into her purse...we were quite for 5 min but then she
gu ided her hand to mine cock again and started giving a shake..I was ma
ssaging her boobs and nipples.... Shilpa was now behaving openly with me.

No w mine small cock again raised in the hand of Shilpa. I started
biting on h er ears. And she was sucking mine hairy chest. I pushed both
of her legs to wards her chest and tried to make a pussy open from her
back. i spread her pussy from back with mine 2 fingers. And i started
pushing from her back i t was a nice experience to me to have a sex with
the movement of the train. ... it was possible for me to insert only 1/4
of mine cock inside after 10- 15 min she told me to stop due to
durability of a long sex... i waited for a min and gave 4-5 big jerks
led to a complete cock inside. Now she was fee ling satisfied with that
around 20- 25 min latter i come on my hanky..... A nd cleaned her
pussy..and remained slept for 5 min......it was so tir ing for both of
us... both became normal and slept at 3:30 am ......then on wards we
both are enjoying each other....whenever we feels to have sex... doesnt
matter we are in mood of it or not we doesnt break hearts and tries to
give 100% to each other If any girl, interested in sexy chat or sexy
comments or sexy actions (girls near to Mumbai are also wellcome)fe el
free to take mine help....on ashishfreesex@rediffmail.com


* Tell us how you liked this story* *( 1 is worst - 5 is best)*

* * *

				
*1* 	*2* 	*3* 	*4* 	*5*

*
Story viewed: *3781* times
Find more submissions from this author, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/search.php?id=2606>
Tell a friend about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/send_page.php?id=2606>
Post/Read comments about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/comments.html?id=2606>

