Hypnotized - a Story
 by Delta Venus

copyright 2009


I had gone into the bar after work to have a drink or two and
unwind after a particularly boring but stressful day dealing with
corporate clients at work. I really wasn't there to try and pick
up women. When a blond goddess sat down next to me and began to
chat me up, I certainly wasn't about to look a gift horse in the
mouth, though. Go with the flow, I figured, and if I get lucky,
then I was lucky to get lucky. I'm no prize, but decent enough
looking, and I tend to dress well because of the class of clients
I have to deal with.


This lady was exquisite. A striking woman in her late thirties or
early forties, almost six feet tall in her high heels. She had
long curvy legs, nicely accented by the heels, and well shown off
by a loosely flowing skirt that ended just above the knee. A
green silk blouse, filled out very nicely indeed, no plunging
neckline but still showing some cleavage. Heart shaped face, with
high cheekbones and pouty lips, well redened with a hot shade of
lipstick. Her hair was platinum, the sort of tone which usually
comes from a bottle, but I think in her case it really was her
natural color. She wore it in a neat style, cut like a page-boy,
but longer, and closer to a 1960's flip, except it was straight,
not curled up at the tips.


In the course of our chatting, she told me her name was Anne. She
had a slight accent, which I would never have taken for
Scandanavian, until she told me she was originally from Finland.
We quickly took our chat from casual to flirty, and she knew how
to flirt. She was great with a double entendre, and very
touchy-feely. I got my arm clasped, my hand held and stroked, and
she even caressed my cheek lightly once. I may not have come in
to the bar looking for a pick-up, but I was sure I'd be damned if
I didn't try for this one, she was a live wire!


"I'll tell you a secret," she leaned over and whispered. "I can
hypnotize men."


I laughed. "I believe it! You have me enchanted already."


"No. I mean really. I can put anyone I want into a trance, and
they'll be mine to control." She looked intently at me with her
very piercing blue eyes. "Stare into my eyes, I dare you."


I'm not really a believer in such things, and even if hypnosis is
real, I doubted that anyone could do it just by staring,
especially to a skeptic like me. I did like where this was going,
though. I've always had some fantasies about a mildly dominating
woman and what she might do to me, and this looked to be where
this incredible woman wanted to take things. I figured I would
play along, it might prove to be quite entertaining. I stared
into her eyes, and they were incredible. She seemed to look right
through me, and read every thought I'd ever had. I got lost in
her gaze for what seemed like forever, day-dreaming about women
in control of me.


"There. You are now mine, to do with what I will. Come."


She got up and walked out of the bar, and I followed along behind
her like a puppy dog. I didn't feel hypnotized, but I sure wanted
to hang out with this sexy lady and see what might happen. We got
a cab, and it wasn't long before we emerged from it in front of
her apartment building. She remained silent as we took the
elevator up to the third floor, exited, and then went down the
hall to her door. She had her keys out, opened the door, and we
both went inside. It was a nice place, a one bedroom job,
obviously decorated by a woman with taste. She wasted no time on
preliminaries once she had closed the door.


"Take off all your clothes, my slave. Everything, even your
watch."


I felt almost compelled to do what she said. So far this was
working out just like some of the fantasies I had, and I was
enjoying giving up control. I took off everything, pants, shirt,
underwear, even my watch, just like she had ordered. I was
completely naked, not a single thing on my body. My cock was rock
hard, sticking straight out, throbbing with my heart beat. She
still had all of her clothes on, and I felt a little shy and
vulnerable being totally nude in front of her like this, while
she was still covered  up. She grabbed my dick, and hauled me
further into her living room. She sat down on a nice red leather
sofa, and stroked me a couple of times before letting go.


"Show me how you pleasure yourself, slave boy. Stroke your cock
for me."


I was standing right in front of her, she was looking right at my
cock mere inches from her face. I didn't really want to do that
in front of her, I felt more than a little embarassed, but I
didn't seem to be able to resist doing whatever she told me to
do. I began to lightly stroke my dick, up and down, with the tips
of my fingers, which I do when I am starting to masturbate, sort
of foreplay to more vigorous activity later.


"Good! I know you have your little tricks, every man does, so
show me. Do the things you do to yourself when you are all alone.
Show me what you do that pleases you, the different strokes you
use, the different ways you grasp, the little extra moves you
make, all the little techniques that get you off. Show me!"


I did. I fluttered my fingers around the head, I used the reverse
grip I sometimes like, with my hand turned over, I held the skin
tightly down and graped the base hard while lightly running a
finger and thumb from base to tip, just barely touching the skin.
I ringed my cock with the same finger and thumb, sliding the skin
up and down the shaft, and up and over the head and back. I had
never done any of these things in front of a woman before, but I
went through my arsenal now. She watched me very intently, and
rubbed her thighs and squeezed her breasts while I did my thing.
She crossed and uncrossed her legs, showing me lots of creamy
thigh. She undid a button on her blouse, letting me get a look at
the swell of her breasts. She didn't go any further, though, she
remained clothed while watching me jack off, just teasing me with
glimpses of her body.


"You like what you see, don't you? You like doing what you are
doing for me? You do, I can tell. Get down on your knees, now."


I kneeled before this incredibly sexy goddess, willing to do
whatever she wanted me to do, just so long as I could look at her
awesome body. I hoped she would show me more, that we would take
this further, but she got up from the sofa as soon as I was on my
knees.


"Stay there, just like that. You can keep your dick hard, but
don't stroke it too much, boy. I have further plans for you."


She went to the door, and left the apartment. What the hell
should I do? I felt like getting up and getting the hell out of
there, even though I'd been having fun so far, this wasn't
working out quite like I had imagined. I just couldn't bring
myself to do it, though. She had told me to stay, and no matter
how much I might want to run away, I knew I was going to stay.


The apartment door re-opened, and Anne came back in, and she had
two friends with her! My god, here I was completely bare-ass,
kneeling in front of her sofa with a raging hard on, and she had
brought company! I was incredibly embarassed, nearly mortified. I
was blushing heavily, but my cock was still sticking out like a
flagpole. The ladies were lookers, and dressed similarly to Anne,
with a lot of leg and cleavage showing.


"Oooh! You've caught another one!" Squealed one of them. "Goodie!
Lets play with him!"


Wow. Part of my mind was screaming, run away! This is too much! I
had been told to stay, though, so I stayed. The ladies all sat
down on the sofa in front of me, and began to tease the hell out
of me. They showed off their hot bodies, while never revealing
too much. They touched and tormented me, lightly caressing me
with their hands, using quick little motions that never stayed
anywhere for very long. My chest was rubbed, my nipples pinched,
my cock got occasional attention, mostly a single stroke or a
quick squeeze, my buttocks were lightly spanked, my anus lightly
tickled. They kept up a running dialog while they were doing it,
about what a good little slave boy I was, how hard my dick
looked, how much fun it would be to watch me get fucked in the
ass, and all sorts of other dirty, degrading comments.


"Now, slave boy," Anne said. "Do what you were doing before,
except stroke it all the way. We want to watch your cock twitch
and shoot!"


I did what she asked. After all the teasing, my cock couldn't
possibly have gotten any harder, so I did a few of the tricks I
had done before, using my fingers, then I spit into my hand and
just began to pound away, stroking it like a mad man. I couldn't
last very long, I was so worked up, and then Anne bared her
lovely breasts just for a moment, flashing me a wonderful view!
That was that, I went over the edge. All three ladies had shucked
their high heels, and they each held their feet right in front of
me as I started to cum. I came hard, shooting long ropy strands
of cum right onto their sexy bare feet. I really coated them,
too, strings of creamy white semen from their sexy calves to
their wiggling toes.


"OK, slave boy! Very good! Now clean all that mess up with your
tongue!" Anne laughed.


This was definitely more than I had bargained for, but before I
could think about it, I was lapping away at these ladies feet,
licking semen from their toes, kissing their insteps, groveling
naked at the feet of these three very sexy women, completely at
their mercy. I finally finished by licking the last strand from
Anne's sexy calf. As I finished up, Anne smacked my bare ass.


"OK, slave boy. We are done with you, you may get dressed and
leave. Next time maybe we'll have you suck a dick for us!"
laughed Anne, while her girlfriends giggled.


I did what she asked. I got my clothes on in a hurry, listening
to the ladies laugh and talk about me like I was a toy while I
did. They were comparing me with some other guys, too, not very
favorably. They also were speculating what I would look like
sucking cock, and how well I might do at it.


"His cock isn't that big, but I'll bet he'd make a great
cocksucker!"


"Yes, and his tight little ass would look great with a thick rod
sliding in and out of it."


I was mortified. I'd been used for their amusement, and hadn't
been anything more to them than a disposable plaything. I had cum
like I hadn't ever before, but I wasn't sure if that momentary
enjoyment had been worth it. I did things I really never thought
I would do, and I probably would have done more if I'd been told
to, maybe even to the point of giving some other guy a blowjob,
or letting someone fuck me in the ass. The experience hadn't been
anything like my fantasies, so I really wasn't sure why I had
gone along with it.


"See you at the bar, lover!" Anne laughed as I went out the door.


Had I really been hypnotized? I'm still not sure. I don't think
I'll be going back to that bar any time soon, though. Or will I?


         &#9650;&#9792;

http://deltavenus.bestdamnpornblogs.com/
