Nicole's Revenge on the College Life Model.
by FunKelly

Nicole's Revenge on the College Life Model.14

Once in our pose, I again focused on the clock, but something was different this time. I was in a state of arousal, that was foreign to me. I stared at the clock, but was unable to deny the unwanted titillation, as I felt my nipples becoming erect. Petrified my state of arousal may be noticed by Professor Akers, the student artists, or some of the dozens and dozens of clothed spectators, who were now viewing my naked flesh, I desperately tried to think about anything but my public, naked exposure.

We were barely five minutes into the segment, as I felt my opportunity to be 'Lead Life Model' slipping away. I started picturing myself, fully clothed in my kitchen, stirring meatballs in marinara sauce, as the spaghetti boiled in a large pot on the stove. Feeling a bit more relaxed, I was relieved to find that thinking about cooking real meals in my kitchen, thanks to the extra money I would be receiving, helped me keep my mind off the salaciousness of my circumstances, and regain my composure. The next fifteen minutes went by without a hitch.

As I stood up from posing for the second segment, several freshman students, some with parents in tow, started to ask me questions about life modeling and the available courses. Knowing my break was only two minutes, I made no attempt to retrieve my robe. I summoned my inner courage, and answered their questions while completely naked, feeling rather confident I might add. Happy for a distraction that focused on the primary purpose of the exhibit, I was a bit disappointed when Professor Akers announced it was time for the third segment of my second session of life modeling, to begin.

Lisa and I took our positions, and the last segment of session # 2, began. My thoughts were now on my recent Q & A exchange with the freshman students, allowing me to feel more confident and secure, in my public nudity. Lisa was right. "I am a professional", I thought to myself. We were half way through the final segment, when Lisa would once again have be questioning my motives, while making me feel like a degenerate, if not some sort of depraved exhibitionist.

Lisa put her lips right up to my ear, and whispered, "Karen. I was so thankful I was wearing a bra when my nipples became erect during the last segment. I can't imagine the humiliation that comes with knowing everyone knows you are sexually stimulated. How you ever kept your cool, while your nipples were pointing at the crowd like a pair of harpoons, providing evidence of your sexual arousal, is beyond me. You are a true professional". With my possible promotion, as 'Lead Life Model' on the line, I suppressed both my anger and sexual desires, and froze solid as a statue, for the remaining ten minutes of the session.

When the session concluded, I grabbed my robe and walked away from the exhibit, afraid I might make a scene if I confronted Lisa. I was so upset with her, I was still closing my robe as I entered the walk area between exhibits. It was then that I bumped into Professor Sullivan. She was with Professor Turner, the female head of the college psychology department. The women looked at my partially exposed breasts, as I was still closing my robe and tying the belt around my waist, having had walked at least twelve feet from the exhibit exit. "What's your hurry, Karen?", Professor Sullivan asked. Startled out of my mental fog, I quickly finished securing the robe around my naked body.

It was then that I noticed the facial expressions, not to mention the flickering camera phones, of those around me. I had left myself partially exposed in the public walking area of the exhibits. Lisa had me so emotionally disoriented, I not only left my breast exposed, but I forgot to put on my sneakers. I was walking from the exhibit that way, in full view of dozens of visitors. Completely ashamed and humiliated, as the cold gymnasium floor was a reminder of my degrading, public exhibition, I responded to professor Sullivan's question, by saying, "I'm just going to the ladies' room".

Professor Turner said, "Why don't we walk with you Karen. It is Karen, right?" The truth is, I didn't have any idea where I was headed. I was just going anywhere to distance myself from Lisa. I had no option but to reply, "Sure", as I made my way to the ladies' room, with the two women on either side of me. As we walked Professor Turner asked, "So Karen. How long have you been life modeling?". I replied, "I started last fall, about a month after I started school. That's when I saw an add put up by Professor Akers".

"Do you enjoy it?", she then asked. "Enjoy it? I don't know if that's how I would describe it. I appreciate the art form, and the extra money helps me make ends meet, when I'm in school", I replied. We made it to the ladies' room, which was located in the girls locker room and shower area, inside the gymnasium. Thankfully it was vacant. I was walking to one of the stalls, when Professor Turner said, "Karen. Why don't I hold your robe for you sweetheart, while you pee?" "That's o.k. I'm fine", I replied, turning towards the stall door.

"Don't be silly. Trying to hold up that bulky robe above your waist, while trying to urinate in such a cramped space, is so unnecessary. Let me hold the robe for you dear". Feeling pressured by Professor Turner, I handed over the only article of clothing I possessed. She then passed the white terry cloth covering to Professor Sullivan, who held the garment over her folded arms. Relinquishing my robe was like surrendering my bodily concealment, and my dignity, at the same time.

Standing there completely naked in front of the two women, had me feeling more exposed, ashamed and humiliated, than I had felt all through the day. I went inside the stall, sat down and started peeing, when I heard the voice of another woman, I did not recognize. Once finished urinating, I knew I had to enter the bathroom from the stall, wearing absolutely nothing, and completely unaware who was going to see my naked physique. I wiped myself, took a deep breath, and exited the stall.

The woman looked familiar, but I did not know who she was. All I knew, was that I had seen her around the campus. She looked me over, and said, "You must be Karen. My name is Tina. I run the photography studio, here at the college. I heard how popular the 'Life Model Exhibit' is this year. Professor Akers must be very pleased", all the while continually returning her gaze back to my bald pussy. I could feel my humiliation level go through the roof, when she continued, "I was unaware that life models shave their vaginas".

I was speechless, as I looked to Professor Sullivan for help, and my robe. She remained steadfast in her position, standing several feet away, as Professor Turner added to my humiliation. "I noticed that too Tina, but just figured times had changed". Both women looked to me for an explanation. I struggled to find the words, then finally replied, "Posing for this event was a last minute thing", hoping the two women would drop the subject. It was no to be. The ultimate in degradation, was still to come.

Tina said, "Well professor, if you look closely, you'll notice the slightest bit of pubic stubble starting to re-emerge. That would indicate that Karen must have shaven her vagina, at least three days ago". Professor Turner replied, as she leaned in for a closer look at my smooth pussy lips, "Oh yes Tina. I see now. You are correct". The two women were discussing my clean shaven pussy, as if it were a monogrammed T-shirt.

The moment was unmatched in shame or humiliation. After what seemed like an eternity, Professor Sullivan finally handed me my robe. I didn't utter a word through the entire demeaning ordeal. As I was wrapping the robe around me, Tina asked me a question that would have me once again, second guessing my own motives for posing in the nude.


Nicole's Revenge on the College Life Model.15

"Karen. I want to hold a photography session for my senior students, that would be focusing only on nudes. You interested?" Tina was about thirty years old, and ran the photography studio. She was not an accredited professor, nor was the studio associated with any particular accredited curriculum, rather a tool to be used for photography work, needed for accredited college courses. The studio being for the most part, Free-Lance, allowed her a much broader spectrum of creative license.

I immediately declined her offer, stating that I only life model for art classes, as I fastened the belt securely around my waist, then headed for the door leading to the gymnasium. Tina walked beside me, as professors Turner and Sullivan walked behind us. While we walked through the crowded gymnasium, the cold floor beneath my bare feet had me once again feeling incredibly vulnerable. Tina reasoned that a nude photo shoot was similar to life modeling, pointing out that dozens of the people in the gymnasium already had nude photos of me on their phones, so she didn't see any difference.

After being reminded so may people had a permanent record of my public nudity, I realized they could share them among other college students, not to mention post them on the internet. Chances are, some already have. I was filled with mixed emotions. On one hand the shame and humiliation I was feeling, was almost crippling, while the overwhelming sense of arousal seemed inextinguishable. I tried to vehemently burry both emotions, as I made my way back to the 'Life Model Exhibit'. Miss Sullivan suggested we go the the snack bar to get some bottled water, as I avoided giving Tina a different answer, concerning a nude photo shoot.

The women were going to the snack bar for some water, which would extend my absence from the 'Life Model Booth'. I wasn't due to pose again until 2:00, so I figured I had a little more time to get back, so I joined them. Despite the humiliation they put me through in the ladies room, I still felt safe when I was with them. After all, two of them were the heads of their respective departments at the college. We got our waters then headed back to the 'Life Model Exhibit'. We arrived in plenty of time since it was only 1:30 pm, and I wasn't due to pose for a half hour.

A sense of relief came over me as I saw the student artists, along with their easels were no longer in the exhibit booth. I figured this meant I did not have to pose in the nude any longer. I couldn't have been more wrong. As I entered the booth, I noticed Lisa and her friends were gone, but also noticed Nicole had this ominous expression on her face. Just then Professor Akers returned and walked up to me. " Oh Karen! Good, you're back. Due to the increasing size of the crowds visiting the "Life Model Exhibit', I've decide to have you pose for the last segment outdoors". "OUTDOORS ?" I complained. "Yes Karen. Outdoors. I'm going to have you pose on the lawn between the gymnasium and the main administration building. The others are already set up there, and the spectator count has been rising".

Professor Akers' countenance was nonchalant at best, as the rest of us were obviously stunned by the turn of events. I attempted to regain my composure and decided to try to reason with the professor. "Excuse me Professor", I timidly inquired. "Are you sure having me pose in such a public area will not detract from our goal of finding serious minded artists and life models for the upcoming semester?" The old man turned to me, and replied, "Karen. I am very impressed young lady. Your argument is articulate and well thought out. Your underlying theme of "More Is Not Necessary More", and the realization that most of those who have visited our exhibition were most likely "Curiosity Seekers", came through loud and clear, without you actually having to say it. However, I do feel that the overall exposure we are receiving today, will be beneficial for the class as a whole, in the long run.

I've already had the relocation of the third and final segment, approved by the 'Dean of the College'. Therefore Karen, we shall continue the exhibition outdoors". My fate had been sealed. I turned to the two professors and Tina for help, but they were powerless to assist me. With the Dean of the College in agreement with Professor Akers, I had no choice but to pose on the lawn of the college, totally naked and in front of hundreds of people, all of who which owned camera phones. I knew I was going to be plastered all over the internet, yet there was nothing I could do.

Professor Akers looked at me, and said, "Karen. It's time. Please follow me". I almost broke down in tears when Professors Sullivan and Turner grabbed my arms. Professor Sullivan looked at me, and sternly said, "Karen. You are a professional life model. Hold your head up, and pose as if you were posing in the classroom". Professor Turner added, "Karen. The trick is to imagine everyone else is naked, and you are the one who is clothed. Find a point of reference, and focus on that". Just like the large gymnasium clock I had focused on, I thought. I knew right then, she was right.

Tina walked up and handed me a pair of ear plugs. I asked, "What are these for?" She replied, "I think it would be best if you couldn't hear the clicking of all those camera phones". Professor Akers said again, "Karen. It is time. Follow me please". The three women and Nicole all gave me reassuring looks, as I followed Professor Akers out of the gymnasium to the utter exposure of the college lawn, and the awaiting crowd. All four women followed behind me for moral support. It was certainly appreciated, but baring my naked body in front of all those people, was something I had to do on my own.


Nicole's Revenge on the College Life Model. 16

Hundreds of eyes were on me as the professor and I walked toward the modeling area. My heart was pounding as I made my way passed the enormous crowd, to the posing location and the awaiting student artists. It was a clear sunny day, which would have been perfect, if I wasn't about to be utterly exposed in front of many of the college faculty members, along with the majority of the incoming students and their families. How was I supposed to attend classes at a college where so many people had not only seen me totally nude, but most likely had pictures of me in my naked state? I decided that being forced to relinquish my robe, along with all personal modesty, did not mean I had to surrender my dignity as well. Professor Sullivan was right. I am a 'Life Model' and was determined to perform like one.

We reached the posing area where I noticed the stool I was modeling on earlier, had been set to the side. I instinctively knew Professor Akers was going to have me pose standing up. I had modeled while standing many times, but this time it meant that my naked flesh would be able to be seen, and photographed from each and every direction and angle, by the spectators. It's hard to believe just a few days ago I was scampering around the college's main building, hiding in closets, stairways and rest rooms, in order not to have my naked body discovered by any one individual. Now I would be on display in front of hundreds of people, most who were associated with the college in one way or another. I could barely think straight. Conducting myself in a professional manner was rapidly becoming a formidable task.

One of the 'Smart Ass' male student artists, said, "Welcome to the great outdoors Karen", as he snickered, while hiding behind his easel. Immediately, Professor Akers addressed him, saying, "Young man. I expect nothing but the utmost in professionalism in my classes, regardless of where they are held. Is that understood?" He did not wait for an answer, and made his way over to me. I had seen his "It's time to disrobe" glance before, as he looked over his glasses at me. I reached into the pocket of the robe and retrieved the ear plugs Tina had given me, then removed my robe and handed it to the professor. I focused on Professor Akers' instructions, determined to overcome the immense feelings of shame and humiliation, and replace them with a sense of professionalism.

The professor had me stand with my feet placed about a foot and a half apart, lean my slightly down and to the right, while holding my hair back with both hands. The position was fairly common, yet left me totally exposed. I placed the plugs in my ears and took my position, grateful to have them to assist in drowning out the incessant clicking of the innumerable cell phone cameras pointed at me from all directions. I thought I was about to pass out from embarrassment, when Professor Akers stood in front of me, and said, "Karen. I will handle this". He then put his hand out. I knew he wanted the ear plugs, since they were so visible in my present modeling position. I handed him the ear plugs, as he winked at me. Something he had never done before. I was so afraid of what he might do, I began to tremble.

He then turned to the audience, and stated in a loud and firm tone, saying, "Ladies and gentlemen. The decision to relocate the 'Life Model Exhibit' outdoors for the final segment was made to allow those unfamiliar with the art form, to have an opportunity to experience it. This is NOT a venue for the 'Improper' or 'Unprofessional' behavior of the amateur photographer. Now I insist you all show respect for our model and her craft". With that, the phones fell silent, yet not a single person walked away. Most likely because they would have been viewed as the shameless curiosity seekers, they truly were. He glanced my way as I retook my position, feeling much relieved, even if hundreds and hundreds of photos were already taken and out there somewhere.

Standing there in such an exposed state, surrounded by those in the large crowd that now encircled me, had me once again feeling aroused. Knowing that the cameras were now silent, and only enabling the large audience to focus more closely on my bare form, was becoming a bit intoxicating. I was starting to feel more empowered and liberated being the center of attention. Believe it or not, I was actually staring to enjoy it a little. Looking downward and to the right, made it harder to find a point of reference that I could focus on. The wheel from a wheelchair that an older man was sitting in, would have to do for the moment. All those in the audience had become respectfully quiet, thanks to Professor Akers' decree, which made the experience seem more businesslike and less tawdry.

While I was standing there in the nude for all to see, as my form was being painted by the student artists, Professor Akers walked around explaining the art curriculum to the spectators and answering questions. His ability to take control of the situation, left me a bit of an afterthought to many in the audience, for which I was grateful. The first session ended and I retrieved my robe from Nicole, who was now holding it. The expression on her face me made me realize she knew I was starting to relish the attention. I tried to act indifferent to my forced exhibition, but I could tell she knew it was turning me on.

The two minute break came to an end, and I found myself a bit excited to remove my robe. I removed my only cover, handed it back to Nicole, when she whispered in me ear, "I know you're loving this, Karen. And I love that you're such a little slut. Don't get too wet out there". My eyes became wide open as we looked at each other. She then gave me a head nod, indicating it was time for me to retake my position. I was walking back to the posing area, when an attractive woman about forty years old stopped me, and asked, "Excuse me miss. Do you have a moment?' Not knowing who she was, or how to respond, I froze. I thought she might be the mother of an incoming student, who might be opposed to my public nudity, and was about to chastise me for exposing myself in front of so many people, even if the event was sanctioned by the college and Professor Akers.

I stood there totally naked, waiting for her to publicly humiliate me in front of everyone there. I was relieved when she continued, "My name is Jill. I also posed nude at this college almost twenty years ago, when I attended here. Certainly not if front of such a large audience though. I know how the extra money can come in handy when you're on a shoestring budget, and I would like to talk with you after the event about posing in my art studio in town. I know you need to get back to posing, but please see me when you are on your next break". I was speechless as I retook my pose, feeling even more like a professional than before. It was a nice little boost, especially after Nicole's "Slut" comments just moments earlier.

The second session came to a close without incident. The crowds had diminished a bit, but for every two or three spectators that moved on, one newcomer would arrive, allowing me to be seen by fresh eyes, which helped keep my level of arousal heightened a bit, but in check. Jill approached me as I made my way to Nicole and the cover of my robe. The lawn areas of the campus had students, parents and faculty members making their way back and forth to different venues and exhibits. By this time everyone had heard about the 'Life Model Exhibit', and those with serious interest, along with the many curiosity seekers, had already stopped by to see the exhibit and the naked model on display there. I felt no pressure to retrieve my robe, and stopped to talk with Jill.

Miss Sullivan, Miss Turner and Tina had all returned to their respective classrooms and exhibits half way through the first session. But as Jill was asking me my name, Tina had returned. "Jill!" she exclaimed, as the two women embraced. "I see you've met Karen", she continued. "Yes Tina. We were just getting acquainted" Jill replied. "So you two know each other?", Jill asked. "Well. We met just earlier today", Tina replied. The two women continued talking, as I just stood there totally naked on the college lawn, in view of the many men and women passing by. Finally Jill looked to me and was about to speak, when Professor Akers reminded me it was time for the third and final session of the day. The two women said they would talk with me after the last modeling segment.

While resuming my pose, I started to reconsider Tina's offer to pose nude for her senior's photography class. I knew I would have no time during the week to life model at Jill's studio, but if I could pose for both of their classes during a weekend, I could make some good money and only miss one weekend away from home. Session three came to an end, so I looked for Nicole to retrieve my robe. To my horror, she was standing by the entrance to the main campus building, where the art classrooms and my clothes were. She was waving my robe in the air while laughing, then ran into the building.

Stunned that my last and only vestige of cover had disappeared into the main campus building's front door, I looked to Jill and Tina for any help they may be able to supply. That's when I heard Professor Akers say to me, "Choose your friends wisely Karen", then headed back to the classroom, without offering any assistance whatsoever. I turned back to the two women, when Jill snickered, then said, "Don't worry Karen. I know where the art classrooms are. Tina and I will walk you up". Being the end of the summer, neither of the two women were wearing any clothing they could spare, so I summoned my inner fortitude, put on a fake nonchalant smile , then walked with the women across the college lawn, totally naked and without the sanctuary of the 'Life Model Exhibit'.

