Author: mypenname3000
Title: Stud Conquers the World Book One: Twin Sister's Dark Passion, Part Three
Summary: The preacher's daughter is tricked by a slutty angel!
Keywords: ff Ff mf mc oral squirting toy magic super 1st

Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader

Chapter Five

Susannah Augustine

Susannah...

The voice whispered through my dream. 

Susannah, awaken... 

It was an ethereal voice. So calm and airy. It was a pure voice. An angelic voice. I shuddered and rose out of my dream. My eyes fluttered open to a white brilliance that shone before me. It bathed my face. I gasped, blinking against the glare.

Susannah, the voice said again. This time, I could tell it was feminine. Susannah, hear the words of your Lord.

I quivered in rapturous delight. I rolled out of bed and knelt before the light. I could see the shape of a woman standing in the radiance. I shuddered at the sight of the figure. Her wings spilled out of the brilliance that shone from her halo.

I am ready to receive the words of our Lord, I said, hands folded before me. 

These words are holy, said the angel. You cannot receive them in such common garments. Naked did you enter this world. Naked must you receive the words of the Almighty.

Yes! I gasped without hesitation.

I stood and pulled off my long nightgown. I drew it up and up my body. I tossed it to the side, my blonde hair spilling around my naked shoulders. I shoved off my panties next, feeling them roll down my thighs. They dropped to my ankles. I stepped out of them and threw them on the bed.

This tingle rippled over my skin. I shuddered, feeling my nipples pucker with my awe. I clasped my hands together and stared back up at the angel as I knelt before her. I trembled, my heart thundering a mile a minute.

I am ready to hear the words of my Lord and Savior, I moaned, staring at the angel.

You have been chosen, Susannah, Daughter of Madison, the angel said. You have been selected to be the wife of a great and powerful man. A man who has been nominated by the Lord your God to rule this world.

I am ready to serve, I gasped. I will be his loving wife. Who? Who is to be my husband? I hoped it was Zach Black. I prayed it was him as I waited for the angel's response.

Lewis Zachary Black, Second of His Name, the angel intoned.

My heart burst with joy. Such huge delight surged through me. I couldn't believe how fortunate I was. I was the most blessed of all women. I trembled there before the angel, my heart quivering in excitement before the angel.

The light dimmed from the angel enough to let me see her. She had golden blonde hair that spilled around her face. Her beatific expression stared down at me, blue eyes shining like sapphires. She was naked like me with small breasts. Modest and lovely. Her hips curved down to her thighs. I was shocked to find her denuded of pubic hair.

Maybe angels didn't have them.

You must be his loyal wife and be ruled by your husband, said the angel. He will do all the necessary things, no matter how inappropriate or wrong you may think they are, to carry out the Lord your God's plans. Whatever Lewis Zachary Black commands of you, you must be his most submissive and faithful wife.

I will be, I moaned. I love him so much. I will love and obey my husband the way that the Lord intended a wife to be.

Then you must be sanctified and anointed in my holy juices, the angel said. You must be awakened to the full understanding of the depths of your love and passion for Lewis Zachary Black, Savannah daughter of Madison.

Anoint me!

The angel turned. I was shocked when she bent over and aimed her pussy at me. Her fingers rubbed at it. Confusion rippled through me. I knew she was an angel sent by the Lord Almighty to me, but why was she doing something so sinful?

Was I supposed to object? Was this a test? 

Was I like Abraham ordered to sit here and watch as this angel masturbates until the Lord stopped me and rewarded my faithfulness? That had to be it. He was testing to see if I had the faith to follow him even when I didn't understand what was going on. Even when I thought it was wrong.

Yes, yes, yes, the angel moaned. Mmm, you're just staring at that pussy, aren't you? Just staring at my angel twat.

Yes, I said, shocked by her words. My cheeks burned. I breathed in the spicy aroma of her arousal. This heady rush shot through me.

I gasped a how my pussy grew itchy and wet the way it would thinking about Zach. I clasped my hands tighter, resisting the urge to masturbate. I held them tight as my nipples throbbed. I squirmed there naked as I watched the angel rubbing at her pussy folds.

Then she massaged her clitoris. She rubbed on her naughty button. That place that when I touched it would always send this naughty tingle through me. I swallowed, clutching tight to my hands. I just had to have faith in the Lord.

He would not give me a test I could not succeed at.

The angel whimpered louder and louder. Her juices ran down her thighs. Drips fell from her fingers. Her butt-cheeks clenched and relaxed as she moaned out her passion. I swallowed, shocked by this. This was truly what the Lord wanted from me.

Oh, yes, yes, you're about to be anointed by the Lord's holy oil, moaned the angel. Her halo pulsed. 

The heat swelled in me. I lifted my face, eager for this. My body burned with this sinful rapture. It was outstanding to feel. I groaned, my heart pounding with this wild beat. This was really happening. I couldn't believe it. 

Then the angel squealed in holy passion.

A stream of her angelic pussy juices splashed across my face. I gasped at the warmth of it. It splashed in my mouth. A spicy musk filled my mouth. More and more of her holy oil splashed over my small breasts and ran towards my belly.

The heat I felt in my nethers burst into a roaring flame. I gasped, trembling. I gasped in delight as my hands shot out and grabbed the angel's hips. I held him tight and darted my head forward before I could think.

I pressed my lips against her pussy.

The heat in my nethers exploded into wild lust.

It felt so right to lick at the angel's pussy. To feast on her. This was God's will. He wanted me to do this. I thrust my tongue into the angel's mound. I wiggled my tongue around in her snatch. She was so warm and silky and that spicy flavor.

I needed to drink more and more of the angel's pussy juices. I had to imbibe them. To be anointed fully by her. My entire body quivered with this delight. It was amazing. Holy rapture blazed out of my twat and consumed me.

Hallelujah! the angel moaned with passion.

My hips wiggled from side to side, smearing her hairless pussy on my face. Her juices ran down my chin. Her anointing passion cooled on my boobs. I devoured her with everything that I had. My tongue slid through her pussy lips.

That's it, the angel moaned. Ooh, just lick that pussy cream. You feel that holy fire burning in you. That lust is owned by your future husband. He will need it.

I moaned in delight, wanting to burn for him. I thrust my tongue into her snatch again. I loved the feel of her. The heat. The spicy flavor. This was so new. I never thought I would do this with a woman. It felt so right.

This was what I had to do. I had to make this angel cum. Then I had to go to Zach. My pussy burned as I feasted on this angelic twat. I licked at her with such force. The angel moaned, her halo pulsing with light.

Yes, yes, yes, just like that, the angel gasped. Oh, you are so full of the Holy Spirit. Can you feel it burning in your pussy?

I can! I moaned, my twat clenching and burning. My virgin pussy wanted to be touched. By Zach. I needed him in me.

Just keep licking my twat, moaned the angel. Yes, yes, just like that. Oh, you are doing such a good job. You are going to make me cum!

I wanted that. My tongue swirled around in her snatch. My lips rubbed on her wet folds. She groaned, squeezing her snatch around my probing tongue. She whimpered more and more. Her head tossed. Her long, blonde hair danced around her shoulders.

I gripped her hips, holding tight to her. The Holy Spirit burned in my snatch. The heat swelled in me. I rose towards that wonderful bursting point. I would have such a big orgasm. I was so ready for it. I licked and lapped at her with hunger.

Then she gasped, Hallelujah!

Her pussy juices gushed out of her cunt.

I swallowed her anointing cream. I gulped it down, letting it sanctify my insides. The angel blessed me. I shuddered, loving the feel of her hot cream running down my chin. This was so wild. It sent such a wave of heat through me. I groaned, feeling on fire. My entire body buzzed with this excitement.

This holy rapture that would consume me.

She whimpered and moaned as I licked and lapped at her folds. Her entire body trembled. I quivered, bathed in her passion. She moaned one more time then stepped away from me. She whirled around to stare down at me.

Go to him right now! she moaned and burst into blinding, golden light.

I fell back on the floor, dazed. In a stupor. I could feel the world spinning around me. I had to move. To go to Zach right now. A choral sound rang in my ears. Blackness danced with disorienting lights. The sound faded. The darkness melted away. I licked my lips and blinked. I could move again. 

I bolted upright. I was drenched in the angel's spicy oil. She had coated me in it. This wave of delight washed through me. I looked around, my eyes struggling to focus. I had to act. That was right. I had to act and get out of here. 

I shuddered, feeling so bemused by what had just happened. But that need to be Zach's slut wife burned in me. I had to be his. I was meant to be his. I stood, my legs shaking by the angelic visitation. I had been chosen by the Lord.

Me!

I swayed and drifted to the right. I grabbed the dresser. I clutched it, my naked body trembling. I had to dress. I opened it and flicked my eyes down at my panties. This heat burned in my virgin pussy. The Holy Ghost brimmed in me.

I didn't need panties or a bra. I was going to my husband. I would be his wife tonight.

I closed the drawer and went to my closet. I opened it and grabbed a sleeveless sundress. I pulled it over my body to cover my nakedness. I didn't know how I was getting to Zach's house. I would have to borrow my mother's car. I could drive it. I had my license.

I padded down the hallway, passing my parent's bedroom. I reached the stairs and went down them as softly as I could. I winced at the squeaks. I just had to keep going. I moved through the first floor and grabbed Mom's keys out of the bowl. I disarmed the alarm, unlocked the door, and headed out to the car.

To Zach. My husband. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Moira Black

Oh, my god, your little virgin ate my pussy, I moaned. My succubus turned her on, and she just pounced on me when I gushed my pussy cream over her face.

But she's primed? Zach asked as he sat on his bed. He was wearing his boxers like he would when he slept.

God, she's primed, I told him. The spells worked. I stunned her. She should be just now coming out of her daze. She should be heading over here somehow. She's driven to it. The succubus worked her magic well.

I put my hands on Anahita's head. She wore Ms. Rayne's busty form complete with the glasses. I stroked my hand through her brassy hair. She did good tonight. A big smile spread on her lips as she stared up at me.

I promise you, Zach, that her lusts have been ignited and can never be put out, said the succubus. She feasted on Moira's pussy and drank my little gift. And those passions are all focused on you. Submission and the desire to do whatever you want. So long as you give her what she needs from you, a good fucking every few days, the compulsion will never wear off.

My brother nodded and smiled. He glanced to his right to that unseen thought form. He nodded to whatever she said. Good, good. Then that is what I need from her. If she'll be here soon, you need to clear out, Moira. She can't know that this was a setup. Nisha is certain that if she learns that too early, it will ruin the spell.

I glanced at my succubus. Anahita nodded.

Fine, fine, I said. Enjoy that little strumpet. I gripped my succubus's brassy hair. Let's go, slut.

Yes, Mistress Moira.

I felt on fire as I led my succubus from my brother's room. What I had done with that little slut had been so hot. She had feasted on my cunt. Susannah Augustine had buried her face in my snatch and devoured me to a wonderful orgasm.

I would savor that memory until the day I died. It was spectacular feeling her tongue wiggling around in my cunt. That uptight, religious bitch had succumbed to her lusts. She had dived into lesbianism that she would normally condemn. 

I moved through the small trailer to my bedroom, Mom fast asleep. She had work in the morning. I pushed open the flimsy door, my cunt on fire. I had to fuck this naughty slut. I had to pound her with my dildo. I was on fire.

Get my thickest strap-on out of the closet, I hissed as I released Anahita's hair.

Yes, Mistress, she moaned and scurried off to obey me. She crawled, her rump wiggling back and forth. It was such a gorgeous ass. My pussy clenched. I loved that she wore the guise of the sexy teacher.

Ms. Lucille Rayne was a hottie. 

She dug out a thick and fleshy dildo that was bigger than Zach's cock. Than any guy's cock. Anahita crawled back to me, her glasses shifting on her face. Her big boobs swayed beneath her. They were such gorgeous tits.

She brought me the dildo. I took it from her and stepped into the harness. I worked it up my legs, my small breast quivering. I froze as I realized that I hadn't put back in my clit piercing after playing the role of an angel.

Grab my piercing off the desk and thread it through my clit, I ordered.

Yes, Mistress, she said, turning for the table.

I had taken it off for a reason. I didn't want that girl to ever realize my pussy was the angel's pussy. That would be a disaster if she realized she was tricked. My brother needed her for his dark ritual to gain power. 

His submissive wife.

Anahita brought the gold ring to me, unscrewing one of the two round caps that kept it on my clit. She brought it to me, the harness around my knees kept up by my legs spread wide. The succubus touched my pussy, spreading apart my labia, and threaded the piercing through my clit.

I shuddered as she slipped it through my bud. I felt the metal sliding through my sensitive flesh. Then she screwed back on the little round cap. I shuddered, my piercing threaded back through me. Then I could really fill the dildo fucking me.

Without even being told, Anahita grabbed my dildo and worked it up my thighs. She slid it higher and higher until she had worked it over my rump. She adjusted it, the base massaging my pierced clit. Pleasure burst from my bud.

Fuck, yes! I moaned. Now kneel!

Yes, Mistress Moira, she moaned and turned around. The naughty succubus bent over and thrust her ass up in the air. Her hairless pussy dripped juices. 

But it was her ass I stared at.

I pressed my dildo into her butt-crack. She was a succubus. She didn't need lube. I could just fuck her like this, and she would love it. She would have such a huge orgasm. I found that naughty hole, the base massaging my pierced bud.

She groaned as I drilled against her. I worked my dildo against her anal ring. She gasped as I pushed harder and harder on her. Then she groaned, tossing her head from side to side. Her anal ring spread open wider and wider.

I popped into her bowels.

Fuck, I panted, savoring the feel of her asshole resisting against my dildo. That really let me feel the pressure on my clit. Oh, fuck, that's so good.

I bottomed out in her. I loved the feel of her rump against my crotch. My hands gripped her hips. I held her tight and drew back my hips. She gasped as I buried back into her. I slammed into her asshole. I loved the way she gripped me.

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned. Oh, my god, that's so good. Yes, yes, fuck me. Fuck me so hard with that dildo.

That's the plan, I groaned and fucked away at her.

I pounded her asshole, my clit bursting with sparks. I would have such a lovely cum fucking my succubus. My small boobs quivered as I buried into her again and again. She whimpered, her head tossing from side to side.

I loved it. Her butt-cheeks rippled from the hard impacts of my crotch against her rump. The base of the dildo massaged my pierced clit. I loved the feel of driving the toy into her asshole. How it made me feel.

My cunt dripped juices down my thighs as I hurtled towards my orgasm. That little slut would be here soon. My brother would fuck her. He would make her his slut. Then I would get to pound her with my strap-on.

I would love every moment of it. She ate my cunt out with such passion.

Goddamn, you were perfect tonight, Anahita, I moaned. You saturated her with lust.

Mmm, but you were magnificent as the angel, panted the succubus. How you spoke to her. Twisted her around. Oh, it was brilliant. I loved it.

Me, too!

I thrust so hard into my succubus's asshole. I fucked her with force. She moaned as I drilled her bowels with my toy. My pussy swelled with the pressure to cum. My orgasm built and built with every thrust into her asshole.

I loved ramming into her anal sheath. On the pull back, my clit had a chance to throb. Then I rammed in again, the base massaging my pierced bud. It was a wonder. My cunt burned as I hurtled closer and closer to cumming.

Yes, yes, Mistress Moira, moaned Anahita. Cum fucking my asshole. I want to feel you climaxing on me. That will be amazing.

Yes, it will, I moaned, slamming into her. Just fantastic.

I fucked into her again and again. I rammed into her so hard, on the verge of exploding. My pussy clenched as I fucked her. I gripped her hips as I plowed the dildo into her anal sheath. I threw back my head.

Detonated.

My pussy convulsed. My orgasm screamed through me. I groaned, my cunt writhing and convulsing. This was such a rush. I tossed my head, my boobs jiggling through the pleasure as the hot cream spilled down my thighs.

Anahita moaned as I gasped. The waves of pleasure washed through me. I groaned, my head tossing back and forth. I loved every moment of this delight. I trembled with the passion of it. I whimpered with ecstasy.

You fucking succubus-slut! I howled, riding the euphoria of this night. 

I floated through such powerful bliss. I trembled, the ecstasy rushing out of my cunt keeping me aloft. I undulated my hips, grinding my clit against the base of the dildo. My pierced bud burst with sparks, sending more rapture rushing through me.

I shuddered with it. My eyes fluttered as I loved every moment of this triumph. I had corrupted the preacher's innocent daughter and turned her into my brother's whore. I pulled the dildo out of Anahita's asshole and fell back on my bed.

God, I fucking rule! I moaned. 

Yes, you do, Mistress Moira, panted Anahita.

I trembled there then smiled at the sound of a car pulling up in our gravel driveway. The naughty preacher's daughter was here to get her cherry popped by my brother. That made me shiver with such wicked delight.

I wished I could be therethat I could pop her cherrybut that wouldn't help my brother conquer the world. And that was too hot to jeopardize for any reason. 

Chapter Six

Lewis Zachary Zach Black

I heard the car pull up. I glanced at Nisha. My thought form sat on the bed, a big smile on her lips. Just when you predicted she would arrive.

What good am I if I can't get these small details right, Master? she asked, her big boob swaying.

So true, I said. 

I grabbed the sheets and pulled them over me. I lay on my side, pretending to be asleep. I hoped she wasn't dumb enough to pound on the front door and wake up my mother. That would be a disaster and ruin all my sister's work.

She knew which one my bedroom was. I hoped she would rap on my window or something. I wanted to sell it. Be asleep just in case she peered through somehow. Not sure. The trailer sat on cinder blocks, so the windows were high up.

The car turned off. Then the door opened and closed. Footsteps crunched on the gravel path. I groaned as she went for the front door. I sat up to sprang out of bed when I heard the screen door creak open then the front doorknob turned.

She's coming in, Nisha said. Your sister must have forgotten to unlock the door.

Which is perfect, I said and laid down my head. Providence. That's what

I cut off and closed my eyes as Savannah opened the door to my bedroom. I didn't give a hint that I was awake as I felt her staring at me. Then she slipped inside. It was all I could do not to open my eyes and peek at her.

She's getting naked, Nisha reported. She's very excited.

I could hear the clothes rustling. My dick throbbed. Then I smelled the spicy aroma of Moira's pussy. Savannah was drenched in it. That was an exciting aroma. She moved towards me and climbed into the bed. I felt her against me.

Zach, she whimpered, shaking me. Then she just kissed me.

I groaned, pretending to awaken. I gasped and broke the kiss. Savannah? What?

An angel came to see me, Zach, she said. An angel, Zach. She told me to come to you. Tonight. To give myself to you body and soul. I was to do whatever you command of me. To be a dutiful and submissive wife.

My dick throbbed. Why would an angel send you to me?

To be your devoted wife, she moaned. She pressed against me. I felt her large breasts rubbing on my chest as her lips met mine again.

Her arms went around me. They were strong. They held me with passion as she kissed me with hunger. I was so shocked by her aggression. This wasn't the Susannah that I knew. The good preacher's daughter had gone wild.

She made me so hard. Her nipples rubbed against me. I groaned as her tongue danced around in my mouth. She wiggled it about in me. It was such a hot thing to feel. I groaned, my dick throbbing with this passion.

I hugged her to me, my hands sliding down to grab her ass. My cock throbbed in my flannel pajamas as I kneaded her naked rump. I was touching Susannah's ass. Finally. She would be mine. No waiting for us to be married.

But I had to play this just right. I broke the kiss and gasped, You're naked!

I am, she moaned. Because I'm meant to be yours! The angel told me to come here and be your obedient and submissive wife. We must consummate our passion.

Obedient? I gasped. Like if I told you to do something, you would do it?

Of course, she moaned.

Anything? I asked, putting all my skepticism that I could into those words.

Anything, she agreed, her eyes so bright. She had this big smile on her lips. Just name something.

If I told you to kiss my sister? I asked, testing the waters.

I would kiss her, Susanna moaned. Even like this. She kissed me again. She thrust her tongue into my mouth. I groaned at the feel of her wiggling about in me. It was so hot. My dick was so hard. 

I rolled her onto her back, kissing her, grinding my dick into her body. Her arms held me tight, her tongue dancing around in my mouth. She tasted so sweet. She was such a delicious treat. This was really happening.

I broke the kiss and groaned, I can't believe you're here, Susannah.

It's like our wedding night has come early, she moaned, trembling beneath me. The angel said you would need me. I had to trust you.

Good, I groaned and kissed her again.

My cock was so hard, but I had to do this right. Make her first time special for her. She would be my wife. Present that smiling, innocent face. I would hide so much behind her. I would use her as my shield. She would be my wife.

My whore. My slut. My whatever I need her to be.

I broke the kiss and nibbled at her neck. She moaned, her skin tasting so sweet and salty at the same time. I smooched down her, my hands sliding up her sides to grab her big breasts. I squeezed those lush mounds.

Oh, my, she moaned as I kissed down her between her boobs. 

They were around my cheeks, my stubble rasping on her smooth flesh. I pressed them against my face. I loved the feel of them there. I rubbed back and forth. She groaned as I did that. She whimpered, her passion echoing through the room.

I loved this. I rubbed at her, savoring the feel of her on my face. My whiskers rasped against her flesh. She groaned, her back arching in delight. I licked up her right breast. I found her pink nipple and engulfed it. She squealed in delight.

Oh, yes, yes, Zach, she moaned. I'll be such a loving wife. You can do anything to me in the bedroom. Anything!

I nibbled on her nipple, knowing the magic cast on her tonight from my sister and her succubus would make that all true. Savannah would let me do whatever I wanted to her. I would do such wicked things to her. She would gasp and moan and cry out in rapture.

It would be a wicked moment.

I suckled hard on her nipple. I nibbled on her, making her shudder and whimper. Her moans echoed through the bedroom as I suckled on her nipple. I nibbled on her, making her squirm. Her moans echoed through my bedroom.

I squeezed her big boobs, loving the feeling of them in my hands. She trembled on the bed as I loved her nipple. I swirled around her nub, stroking her areola. I loved the texture. She moaned in such a delicious manner.

Oh, wow, that's so good, she groaned, her body trembling. That's amazing what you're doing to me, Zach. Oh, I didn't know I could feel this good!

I would show her feeling good. I would make her squeal. I would love every second of it. She would gasp out in delight. I moved down her body. I nibbled and kissed at her. She was so wonderful. She gasped as I moved down her flesh, smooching to her stomach.

I reached her bellybutton and thrust my tongue into her divot. She gasped, those big boobs of hers heaving. She tossed her head as she whimpered in delight. I danced my tongue around in her naval. I loved how she whimpered.

Zach! Zach! she gasped. Oh, wow!

Then I went lower.

You're not, she whimpered.

I am, I groaned. If I want to eat my wife's pussy, I will. 

That word, she gasped, her body trembling.

Say it, I groaned, reaching her blonde bush. The sweet scent of her pussy filled my nose. Tell me how much you want me to eat your pussy, Susannah. And look at me was you say it.

I moved into her bush, kissing at her curls as she sat up. Her large breasts swayed as her wholesome, flushed face stared down at me. She bit her lower lip, trembling as I rubbed my lips back and forth across her furred pudenda.

I... I... She swallowed. I want you to... to... She drew in a deep breath. To eat my pussy! I want you to do it so much, Zach! Then she fell back, grabbed my pillow, and buried her face beneath it. I just said that!

Yes, you did, I said, pride soaring in me for her. And it was beautiful to hear.

Oh, gosh, was it? she asked, squirming in such a cute way.

Big time, I groaned and buried my face into her bush.

Her curls spilled over my lips. She gasped and arched her back. She tossed her head, loving the way I licked at her. She tasted so good. This was a virgin pussy. I shuddered as I licked up her folds and pressed between her pussy lips.

I felt her hymen. I licked at her maidenhead, feeling the membrane holes. I was losing control. I had denied myself from sex, even masturbation, and now I had unleashed myself. But it was so delicious to lick at her virginity. To lapped at her purity. 

Zach! she gasped as she squirmed back and forth on the bed. Oh, wow. Oh, that's... That's...

Say it, I growled and licked up to her clit.

That feels so naughty, Zach, she gasped as I brushed her clit. She tossed her head back. Oh, wow, that's so wicked. You just... And I... It was... It feels so good.

Where? I asked. Your naughty pussy? Is that where it feels so good?

Uh-huh, she whimpered. It feels so good there. It makes me quiver. Oh, yes, yes, I like this so much. Ooh, ooh, it feels so good.

I licked at her twat. I lapped at her with hunger. I caressed her with force. She arched her back. She trembled, squeezing her thighs about my face. She humped against me as I licked at her virgin pussy with such a need to make her cum.

Her whimpers grew louder and louder. They were so cute to hear. I loved them so much. Her sweet juices soaked my lips as she gasped. Her big breasts swayed. She gasped as I licked up to her clit again. Every time I brushed it, she groaned.

Zach! Zach! 

Does your pussy feel like it's about to explode? I asked between my licks at her sweet, virginal twat. Huh?

I... I... She arched her back. It does, Zach!

Good, I growled and licked at her clit.

I lapped at her bud. She groaned, large breasts bouncing. I nibbled on her. I suckled with such delight on her a clit. She squeezed her thighs around my head. Her whimpers were so intoxicating to hear. The virgin's moans rose in volume.

Then she bucked and howled. Her pussy cream gushed out. The sweet delight of her cunt cream bathed my mouth. I groaned, drinking it in. I reveled in it. I loved this flavor so much. This was a thrill to have her juices bathing my mouth.

I loved every moment. Every second of it. I shuddered, licking at my bride-to-be, my devoted whore. I drank her passion as she trembled through her bliss. Her big breasts smacked together as I delivered her rapture.

Zach! Zach! Zach! she squealed, her pussy juices drowning me. Oh, Zach!

I needed to be in her. To claim her utterly. I rose, her pussy cream dripping down my face. She shuddered, staring at me. Her bountiful breasts rose and fell. She licked at her lips. My grin swelled in size. I was so ready to take her hard.

Zach, she groaned. I... I...

I moved over her, my cock thrusting out hard before me. I throbbed so much. I was so eager to take her. Say it. I nuzzled my cock against her bush. Say it, Susannah. Say you want your husband's cock to ram past your cherry and claim you utterly.

That's right, Master, Nisha purred. She smiled. That's the words you have to get her to say. She'll be yours utterly. A slave to your desires.

I want my husband's cock to ram past my cherry and claim me utterly, she cried, her arms reaching up and hooking around my neck.

She pulled me down for a kiss, her lips melting on mine coated in her sweet pussy juices. My cock pushed through her bush and found her cuntlips. I loved the feel of her against me. Her folds massaged the end of my cock. I found her hymen.

I pushed against her maidenhead as her lips worked on mine. She whimpered as her hymen stretched and stretched. The elastic barrier resisted my cock for one more heartbeat. I thrust harder and claimed my whorish wife.

Her cherry popped.

I groaned as I sank into her untouched depths. I slid into her virgin pussy. I savored her deflowered passion. The delight surged over me. I trembled, my cock sliding deeper and deeper into her. She groaned, her twat clenching about me. She held me tight.
I love the way she held me. How she gripped me. I kissed her with such passion. My tongue danced with hers. She squeezed her snatch around my cock, massaging me. I groaned as I back my dick. Her pussy snatch held me. Massaged me.

Pleasure shot through me.

She groaned as I thrust back into her. I buried into her twat, loving the way her snatch melted about me. It was an amazing delight to ram into her. I groaned as I buried back to the hilt in her. She shuddered beneath me.

That's it, Master, Nisha groaned. My thought form grinned at me, her hands kneading her big breasts. Make love to her. She's yours. The first woman is yours!

I shuddered, kissing Savannah with hunger. I drove my cock into her twat again and again. I loved how her snatch held me. She gripped me with that silky twat. I loved every moment of thrusting into her. It was a fantastic delight.

I plunged into her again and again. I loved the way she held tight to me. She gripped me with such a wonderful snatch. I groaned, burying into her with hard strokes. I loved this passion so much. She massaged me over and over again.

I broke the kiss and groaned as I stared into her eyes. She quivered beneath me, whimpering as I thrust away at her. Savannah! I groaned. My Savannah! My wife!

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned her pussy clenching about my cock as I thrust into her. Your wife! Yours! Command me!

I grinned as I thrust into her pussy, reveling in the silky depths of her pussy. The pleasure flowed down my nuts to my cock. My balls slapped into her taint. She groaned, squeezing her snatch around my dick. The pressure rose and rose towards that bursting point. 

I shuddered, savoring that delight. I pounded her. I rammed into her pussy, her flesh squeezing about me. She whimpered, her face twisting in delight as I drilled into her again and again. I loved the feel of her.

She squeezed her arms around me. Her big boobs rubbed into my chest as I thrust into her again and again. She groaned, her eyes rolling back in her head as I buried into her. Her pussy grew hotter. Her silky grip tightened.

That's it, I groaned, aching to feel her cum. Don't hold back. Not with me, Savannah.

Yes, Zach! she gasped, her pussy squeezing so tight around my cock. I'm almost there.

You're going to cum on my dick?

Yes! she squealed and it happened.

Her pussy went wild around my dick.

She spasmed around me. It was such an incredible delight to experience her pussy rippling around me. She groaned and gasped, her body bucking as she convulsed about me. Her twat suckled at me as I buried into her. 

You want my cum in you? I groaned as she bucked beneath me, her big boobs rubbing into my chest.
Yes, yes, yes, she moaned, her twat rippling around me. I want your cum in me! Your seed! I'm your wife! 

I slammed into her and erupted.

My cum fired into her twat. I pumped blast after blast of my jizz into her twat. She gasped, her pussy spasming around me. She suckled at me, nursing at my erupting dick. The pleasure slammed through me. It felt amazing.

I loved every moment of unloading in her. I spurted again and again. I groaned as I unloaded everything that I had into her pussy. I shuddered as she suckled at me. She nursed at me with such force, working out all the cum in my nuts.

Savannah, I groaned, collapsing on her. She whimpered, staring into my eyes. 

Zach, Zach, she mewled.

Mmm, so you'll do anything? I asked her, my body buzzing with delight.

Oh, anything, Zach!

Suck my dick, I ordered her and rolled off her, my cock popping out of her pussy. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Savannah Augustine

I had no idea how to do this. But I would do it. Zach wanted me to do it. I was his wife.
I stared at his cock, hard and throbbing, covered in my pussy cream. He had flooded my pussy with every drop of his spunk that he had. I breathed in deeply, inhaling the scent of my twat wreathing his cock.

That was incredible to inhale. That made my mouth water. I wanted to do just such naughty things to him. I wanted to suckle on him with such hunger. I licked my lips and lowered my mouth to his cock. I lapped at his shaft, tasting my sweet juices.

I tasted so good.

He groaned as I did. My tongue slid up his cock. I climbed up to the pinnacle. That spongy crown soaked in my sweetness. I swirled my tongue around him. I caressed his crown. He groaned, his dick twitching so hard, it spasmed from my lips.

I gasped, not sure if that was good or not. I licked him again. My tongue bathed up his side, gathering up more of my sweet juices. I reached that tip again, nuzzling against the crown. Was this a blowjob?

Just open your mouth and suck on my dick, he said. Just nurse on that cock.

Yes, Zach, I moaned and slid my lips over his cock.

He groaned as I did that while my lips felt the texture of his crown. It felt so naughty. My pussy clenched, full of all his seed. I was his wife now. I shuddered, savoring my sweetness on his dick. I nursed and tasted something salty.

A preview for his seed.

I whimpered and groaned, my head bobbing. I squeezed my eyes shut as I nursed on him with hunger. My tongue danced around that shaft. He throbbed and pulsed. My cheeks hollowed as I suckled on him with such passion.

This was such a delight to do this to him. I was serving him. Pleasing him. He groaned, his face contorting. He grunted and groaned as I suckled. More of that salty delight spilled across my tongue. That was so yummy.

His cock pulsed in my mouth. I suckled on him. Saliva spilled down his shaft. My cunt clenched, his cum spilling down my thigh. Drool ran down my chin, too. This was so amazing. I nursed on him, slurping with hunger.

Yes, yes, yes, he groaned. That's amazing. You're going to get my cum spurting into your mouth. You're going to get a huge mouthful.

I felt so good. My boobs swayed as I bobbed my head. His hot cum trickled farther down my thigh. My eyes squeezed shut as I nursed with everything that I had. He would cum so hard. I could feel it. This would be amazing.

He groaned louder. Then his hand grabbed my head. He held me like he didn't want me to stop sucking him. Did he think I would bolt? Maybe. His cum had jetted into my pussy. This was so exciting and so hot.

That's it, he groaned, his hand tightening. My slutty wife!

Slutty wife... That was so naughty to hear. I shivered and suckled.

Yes! he roared.

His cum fired into my mouth. The cum splashed against the back of my throat. I squeezed my eyes shut. I gulped down his seed. It was so wonderful. It was salty and delicious. He grunted, his cock pulsing in my hand.

I swallowed more and more of his seed as he groaned. His chest rose and fell as he grunted. He collapsed on the bed as he fired the last of the cum. I savored this salty delight. His hand fell from my head and landed on his thigh. He breathed heavily.

Then he glanced to his right. Damn.

I slid my mouth off his cock. Did I do good?

Amazing, he said. I think you are perfect.

I beamed at him. This was so exciting. My cunt clenched, the heat surged to my thigh. I wiggled my hips from side to side. I was so happy. I made him happy. I was his naughty wife. I would love him forever. Serve him forever.

Do whatever he wanted. 

Just like the angel told me to. I was doing the Lord's work. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lewis Zachary Zach Black

I think you are perfect, I said to Nisha.

As my bride squealed in delight around my cock, my thought form nodded. Yes, she is. You have found the first of your women. Next up is, 'The mistress bitch, dominance bound.' We will have to search for her at once.

I nodded and glanced down at my new wife. Not officially, but she was where it mattered. Spiritually. Savannah suckled on my cock, her blue eyes staring at me. She looked so joyful. And so lusty all at the same time.

It was a delight to have her serving me. This would be an amazing time. I was taking the first steps to conquer the world. It would be a long road ahead of me. The powers of this world that lurked in the shadows would not be happy.

I would have to be ready.

To be continued...
