Watching Having Sex While Camping on the Lake
By AmberandNick

We enjoyed having sex while being watched nearby by other campers
We like to share our "special experiences" when we are caught in sexual situations and watched. It truly turns us on being watched. This is a true experience that really happened to us while we were camping on the lake. We hope you like our story.
We live in the Southwest and love to take a vacation to Lake Powell (in Page, AZ) at least once a year. This is an opportunity for just Nick and I to go on our boat and enjoy several days camping on the lake and exploring different bays and canyons.
If you’ve read either of our stories, you’ll know we love to get naked. So when we find a private area in a cove or bay, which isn’t difficult since the lake is so massive, we strip off our suits, go skinny dipping, sunbathe and spend a lot of time getting nasty, inthe hope that we might have an opportunity to expose ourselves.

On our last trip this Summer, we found a wonderful dead-end canyon with high rocky sides that went up a one hundred feet. It was unbelievable. Also, being at the end of the canyon we had the benefit of hearing someone approach us well before they actually showed up. This was helpful since when we are naked, we try to avoid being surprised and accidentally flashing minors, so we make sure to stay out of sight until we could confirm who was in the approaching boat. 
Once in this cove, we dropped our anchor, got naked, opened up a bottle of Tequila and started doing shots, and then we played cards. A couple of boats entered our area, but they saw us and turned around so we had our privacy.
When we play cards, we like to do punishments for the loser. Nick thought up one that if I lost, and if a boat entered our area that we knew no minors were on board, I had to stand up in our boat and face them totally nude without covering myself until Nick said I could sit down. It turned out It wasn’t my day for cards and I quickly lost that hand. 
We had a few visitors approach our little cove, but they turned around and left when they saw the cove was occupied. Then one boat entered our area. Nick checked them out and told me there were three men in the boat and if they came closer it would provide me an opportunity to pay my punishment. They were coming towards us pretty slow so it took them a little time to get in our area. 
My heart was pounding knowing that when Nick told me to stand up, I would be exposing myself to these three men unless they turned around. It had been a while since I had been in a situation where I was close enough to be naked in front of someone and to be able to make eye contact with them, so I was getting really nervous, but also very aroused.
They kept coming closer and then Nick told me to stand and let them look at me and he would tell me when I could sit back down.  As they kept coming closer, I stood up.  I stood without covering myself, smiled and just watched as they got closer and closer. It was very obvious that they noticed me because they were looking in my direction, smiling and talking between themselves. 
They kept their boat speed very slow and continued to approach. Nick told me it was very obvious how much they were enjoying seeing me naked, how beautiful and sexy I looked, and how turned on he was watching me flash these three men. 
After what seemed like forever (but was probably just a minute or two) Nick told me I could sit back down. When the three men in the boat saw the show was over, they turned around and left our bay.  My heart was racing as I sat next to Nick. He took his fingers and fingered my pussy, then commented on how moist I was and how much I must have enjoyed exposing myself to them.
I confessed I was very nervous, but also very aroused knowing they were getting closer never once taking their eyes off of me. He continued to play with my pussy and said as a reward, I deserved a nice orgasm, which he provided for me with his tongue licking my clit.
It was getting late so we decided to pull anchor and find a beach to camp on for the evening. We went up-river till we found a nice area cut into a small canyon with good beaches on either side. There was one else around so we thought we would probably have some privacy.
We put the anchors out and made sure everything was secure for the night and then stripped out of our suits and went swimming. The air temperature was so hot so the cool water felt wonderful. Both Nick and I were still very aroused from our activities just a short time ago so we started to touch each other in the water. I held Nick’s cock and began to stroke it while he reached a hand between my legs and played with my clit.
That’s when we noticed a small boat with two fishermen coming into our area. They had their lines in the water trolling so they were going pretty slow. We watched to see if they would leave because we needed to get back in the boat and start fixing dinner. 
As the fishermen got closer, Nick came up with a nasty dare. He asked me if I was ready to flash someone again and dared me to get out of the water, climb back onto the back of the boat and give these two strangers a nice long look at my naked body. 
I was still very aroused from my flashing episode just a short while ago so I swam back to the boat and climbed up on the ladder. I stood up and faced the two men who were even closer than the other boaters had been. They looked over at me and made eye contact with me. 
I willed myself to relax, smile at them, and then picked up my towel and began to dry my hair without covering myself. I looked down at my body and saw my nipples fully erect, partly because of the cold water, but mostly from my voyeurs looking at me. I continued to scan down and my eyes rested on my pussy knowing that that was most likely what they were looking at also. At that moment, I wanted to touch myself, but I resisted.
Not wanting to be too obvious, I took my towel and tied it around my waist and entered into the boat just as Nick was coming up the ladder sporting a very nice erection which he got from watching me. I told him he had made me parade naked for them, now it was his turn to show them his nice hard cock. Being a good sport and I think a little aroused at the idea of showing himself off, he turned around, faced the fishermen, then dried himself and tied his towel around his waist.
We started to fix a simple dinner of salad, cold meats and cheeses with some nice wine. The fishermen must have enjoyed our little show because we noticed they had decided to beach their boat right across from us and make camp for the night also. They set up their tent, gathered wood for a fire and set out camp chairs. As they went about their activities, I watched them periodically look over at us to see what we were doing. I never did a thing to cover myself except for the towel around my waist.
After dinner, the temperature finally started to go down so we took the opportunity to get in the water again and bathe in the lake, knowing that we would have our audience very close by. We got back on the swim platform, dropped our towels and dove in the water. We cooled off for a few minutes, got a little frisky with some touching and then both of us got out and stood on the swim platform to wash our hair and soap up our bodies.
Staring to feel the nasty urge again, I looked over and they were now sitting on lawn chairs facing our way and drinking what looked like cans of beer. Again, knowing they had a really good view of us, I got very aroused so I lathered my breasts with soap while maintaining eye contact with them and taking my time while I enjoyed my own touch. Nick was enjoying the show I was putting on.
He came and stood behind me and began to massage my soapy breasts. I was getting more and more aroused playing around like that so I turned sideways and stroked Nick’s cock, which was still very erect. As I touched him, I looked over at our voyeurs and made eye contact with one of them who then one of them raised his beer can as a toast to us with one hand while he played with himself with the other. Knowing know how aroused we were making them and much they were enjoying the “show" only made me more excited and a little more relaxed.

We jumped back in the lake to rinse off, then got back on the boat and dried off. I was facing the two men finishing drying off and Nick again came up behind me and began to caress my breasts and pinch my nipples as I Iooked at the men watching us. He moved his hand down to my mound to glide his fingers over my pussy. He knows that once I am touched there, I get very aroused and become willing to do almost anything. It was crazy to think that we were intentionally performing an erotic sex act for our neighbors’ enjoyment, and we knew it and they knew it.

Nick then laid me on my back on the cushions at the back of the boat so we were fully visible for them to watch and I spread my legs apart and he began to lick my clit with his tongue. He slid two fingers into my opening and began to pat my G-spot inside my pussy. This action always leads me to a very quick and powerful climax, which I started approaching after only a few minutes of him touching me there. Nick said one of his favorite fantasies is to share me and allow others to watch as I enjoy a powerful climax.
He said, "go ahead, don’t hold back," and show them how much I was enjoying my climax. I let out loud moans and cries as my climax took over causing me to lift my hips off the cushion multiple times, making it very obvious what was happening to me. Knowing they were watching and could hear I was climaxing only made it more exciting and powerful.
After my orgasm ended, I rolled over and kneeled in front of Nick who was now standing sideways to our audience. I kissed and licked his cock for a couple of minutes before I looked over at our audience and then I took his cock in my mouth and began to suck it. I licked it and took as much of him in my mouth as possible while I stroked the base of his cock in time with my sucking.
A few times I pulled out to look over at the fishermen while I continued to stroke his cock with my hand and smiled before I took him back in my mouth. I was really enjoying my performance, but then he asked me to stop since he was getting too close to cumming.
He told me to lean over forward with my feet on the swim platform and my hands on the cushions on the motor compartment. Doing so gave the strangers the best view of my naked backside. Then Nick took his cock in hand, and slid it between my labia and clit for a few seconds before he entered me very slowly. I knew he was wanting to put on the most erotic show so he pulled out all the way before he re-entered me and repeated that process several times. 
Eventually, he picked up speed and as he pounded into me, he asked me how I would feel if he waved to these two men over to our boat and invite them to join us and take turns with me.I was so aroused by then, that I answered honestly, telling him if he wanted to share me, I would be more than willing to oblige.
He then went on to suggest in detail, the sex acts he would have them do to me as he continued to drive his cock into me. I get so turned on when Nick fantasizes during sex about sharing me with other men.  His comments quickly made me lose control and I enjoyed another very powerful orgasm which caused him cum right after that.
Nick slowly pulled out of my pussy. His cock glistening with my juices and his cum. We then jumped into the water one more time to clean up and then when we got back in the boat and dried off I waved to my “friends” and then put a tee and some shorts on and went about making our bed for the night. After that, we began to watch a video on our iPad. 
It got dark very quickly and after our movie ended, we snuggled under our blanket and went to sleep as I pleasantly fantasied about being awakened by my new friends climbing abroad our boat and performing every imaginable sex act with each of them as they took turns with me and even with Nick as well. It had been an awesome erotic day and it was now a wonderful way to fall asleep.
In the morning, our neighbors got up early to break camp and then left our bay and we broke camp not long after that, and went back to the marina to pull our boat out and trailer it, and return home.
We love our experiences when we camp on the lake. That’s why we love Lake Powell so much! I can’t wait until our next trip!