A slave's night at the rodeo
LineMstr


I have an online sub named niki who enjoys exhibiting
herself at my command. She has two accomplices in
real life named Rosie and Judy. This is a story about
their trip to the rodeo. First, Rosie s account, then
niki s. I hope you enjoy it as much as they did ! 

Date:96-08-04 12:25:34 EDT
From:RosieRose
To: LineMstr

LineMstr

The rodeo was a success. Niki did a good job attracting a
large crowd of cowboys just to watch her eat cotton candy. Let me
start at the beginning. 

Judy and I got ready for the rodeo. You said for us to dress
sexy as well so Niki did not stick out so much, so we tried. Judy
had a pair of tight black jeans, with a black and white checked
cowboy shirt, red scarf, and red cowboy hat. She looked so much
better than the usual outragous clothes, I complemented her to
reinforce her better look. I had some tight jeans and a blue
shirt with a straw hat that looks best with my red hair. The
two of us look like two little cowgirls out to meet some cowboys. 
If they only knew. 

We arrived at Niki's, and I knew we were early enough that she
wouldn't be dressed. Sure enough, she answered the door
wearing a towel. It was close to the time we had to leave, so
I told Niki to finish getting ready. She put on her outfit and
she really looked like a cute cowgirl, with the big blue bow in
her pony tail, her boots and hat. And, of course, she was
completely naked underneath her skirt and vest. The denim skirt
came to just mid-thigh and had a bit of a flair in it so, if she
turned quickly or lifted her legs too high, anyone could get a
peek, and the vest fit her like a glove with the front wide V
coming down to almost right between her breasts so her cleavage
was apparent. This cowgirl was ready for some cowboys. She then
announced that you had given her instructions. She was to be
cuffed in front and her vest unbuttoned for the trip to the rodeo. 
Judy thought this is great ! I cuffed her and we left. I helped Niki
in front and got her settled with the lap belt over the chain
between the cuffs so she could not prevent her vest from coming
open "accidentaly" during the ride. With her hair in a pony tail,
we wouldn't have any interference like on the library trip when she
tried to wear it down and in front, covering her breasts. As I looked at
the unbuttoned vest, I remember the nipple rings, and asked her if
she wanted to remove them. She answered, "No, they are a part of me,"
so I let it be. I got in, and told Judy that I though it was a
lovely Texas night, warm and clear, and I thought we should ride
to the rodeo with the windows and vents open. There would be enough
breeze on the freeway so we wouldn't be too hot. Judy agreeed, so
I zipped down the windows and we took off, literally. It was great ! 
Poor Niki was so embarrassed ! The wind would blow her vest open,
Judy would wait until somone got a peek and then flip it back
over Niki s breasts. I would swerve the van, or the wind would blow it
open again, and Judy would wait, and so on all the way to the Arena. 
As we approached the parking attendent I put her window up as Judy
re-buttoned Niki s vest and removed the cuffs. 

We got out of the van, and, to "help" Niki show herself, Judy got on
one side and I got on the other. We took her arms and started moving
toward the ticket booth fast enough so she had to open her stride and
let her skirt open up. I know at least one man got a good look, but
I don't think he believed what he saw ! We got our tickets and started
toward the seats, when I stopped and bought her a big goob of pink
coton candy and a cup of ice. I gave it to her and told her to eat
it with her fingers, to lick it off her fingers, and to take her time
eating it. She looked at me like I was demented. I sent her up
the stairs and had her stand on the first landing. Now this arena
was built with the metal ramps and seats so, from underneath, they
can move from one area to another and move stock under the seats. 
It's all sand down there so it is easy to clean. I think they really
did it so no one would sneak under the seats. Where I had Niki stand
first is where the contestant cowboys and clowns wait to enter the
main arena ring, and where cowboys stand and watch. There was a
good crowd down there, so I dropped some ice to get them to look up,
which they did. Soon, we had even more cowboys down there. I decided
I'd better move Niki to our seats. This was not a premier night, so
there were empty seats. We went high up in the top tier where no one
would be sitting in front of us, and took our seats. Judy sat on one
side of Niki, and I sat on there other. We sat down and put our legs
up on the bench in front and waited for Niki to do the same. She
settled down on her seat, wiggling about so she wasn't on her skirt,
saying somthing about how cold the seats were, and put her legs up on
the bench with her legs closed--not tightly closed, but not open either. 
I was sure anyone coming up the steps could see all the way up her
skirt, but I was not sure, until about 4 cowboys came up the stairs. 
I saw by their faces that they had seen it all ! Niki was not paying
attetion, as usual. She was playing with the cotton candy, licking
it off her fingers, feeding some to Judy, and generally turning it into
an erotic experience just like I knew she would. Well she looked up
and caught the eye of one of the cowboys, who took that as a "hello,"
and they all came over to us. One of the cowboys asked for some
cotton candy, as she took the last big goob and pushed it in my mouth,
innocently announcing she had no more, as I choked on the stuff. Well,
of course, they offer to get her more. She said, "No, thank you, but
I'd like a coke with straw. "This one young man went running off to
get her a coke, and soon was back with three of them, all with straws. 
Niki was really loving this ! She started to play with them, and sucked
the straw, licked the straw, drew the straw across her cheek, and
generally turned coke-drinking into another erotic experience ! She
even asked them what big animal did they ride? ! She finisheed that
one and then a couple more cowboys were nearby with more cokes and cotton
candy. After about 3 large cokes, she said she had to go to the restroom,
and we had drawn a rather large crowd of about 18 to 20 cowboys, so
they parted to let her go. I let her get about halfway down the steps
when I shouted and told her to stop. She did, and turned, and all of
us get a look with one leg up and one down. I told her to wait, we were
coming, too. We left, telling the guys we would be right back. By
this time, she was waiting where I had her first stop when we got there,
and she looked down and realized there were alot of cowboys down there,
and that is why I dropped my cup of ice. She just shook her head as
we caught up with her, and went to the ladies room. We got into the
restroom laughing about so many cowboys so little time. I decided we
better leave now because there seemed to be too many cowboys interested
in Niki, and it was easier to go now than later. I sent Judy out
first to check the way, and we left, running to the van, laughing about
the night, the cowboys, and the cotton candy. 

I got Niki in the front seat, cuffed her, and put the seat belt on like
before, and we left the parking lot. We got to the highway, and Judy
unbuttons Niki's vest, as I opened the windows, and we took off again
down the highway. It's dark now, so the effect is not as great, but
it is still embarrasing for Niki. I got her home and dropped her off,
as Judy told her to make sure and wash her bottom, because the dust had
probably turned to mud from the wettnes she left in the chair. Last
I saw of her wass her back, as she was trying to open the door, and
keep her vest closed with her cuffed hands. 

Rosie

Date:96-08-04 12:43:57 EDT
From:nikigirl
To:LineMstr

Master

Another incredible night for the three of us. . . . 

Rosie and Judy arrived early to get me, and so, of course,
i was not ready. It was getting to be time to go,
so i put on my short blue denim skirt, denim vest with no
blouse, blue cowboy boots, tied my hair in a pony tail
and secured it with a blue bow, and put on my black cowboy
hat with the silver sconces. . . . and, of course, NO UNDERWEAR ! 
i was quite the little cowgirl now ! i told Rosie you had
ordered that i was to leave my vest unbuttoned, and my hands
were to be cuffed in front until we got to the rodeo. Judy
thought it was a delightful idea ! Rosie unbottoned my vest,
cuffed me, and we headed for the van. Judy got in back and
Rosie and i got in the front. Then i was wishing i had not
put my hair in a pony tail, as i tried to pull it over my semi-
expsoed front. Rosie was prepared this time. She put my seat
belt on, making sure the lap belt went across the chain between
the cuffs, effectively pinning my hands down. She then
arranged the vest so it was covering me, but still unbuttoned. 
She asked if i wanted to take the nipple rings out, and i said no. 

Off we went to the rodeo. The rodeo was located in a city
adjacent to ours, but about a 30 minute drive away, and Rosie
tried to make sure i had to endure every minute of it. She
turned off the air conditioning and opened the windows, and
on the highway, this was not uncomfortable temperature-wise,
but she knew the night breezewould show all i had on top. 
Again, she drove like a manic, hoping my vest would fly open ! 
Every time it did, i could not reach it to close it, so Judy
came to my aid and closed it for me. . . eventually. . . thank you
Judy. 

Rosie, of course, took this as a continual challenge to see if
she could catch the wind, and so the drive went. My vest would
open. Judy, after a few embarassing moments, would close it. 
Rosie would swerve and it would open, and it would start all over
again. i thought we would never get there. . . 

When we got there Rosie unlocked the cuffs and let my button my
vest before we got to the parking lot attendent. She parked the
van and Judy got out first. She attracted a fair amount of attention
in her black tight jeans her black and white shirt, a red scarf
and red cowboy hat. Rosie was in jeans, a dark blue shirt, and a
straw cowboy hat. They both looked real cute, so the three of us
went arm in arm to the ticket booth, not even looking at anyone. 
i know we made quite a trio. They moved me right along so my skirt
would be kicked up, but finally we got to the ticket booth. We got
our tickets and started into the arena, when Rosie bought a cup of
ice and me some cotton candy, you know, that pink glob on a cardboard
tube. She told me i was to eat it with my fingers--not take bites
out of it--and to slowly suck my fingers clean at intervals. i
looked at her like she had lost her mind. . . but i knew better than
to question or protest. Now following Rosie's directions, i walked
up the stairs to the first landing and waited. i watched Rosie
drop some ice down the landing grate, but i just stood there and ate
cotton candy. i couldn't really see, so Rosie smiled and we moved
up to a high seat. Since it wasn't a premier night, there was a
fair amount of empty seats. Judy sat next to me on one side and
Rosie on the other, making sure i did not sit on my skirt. The bare
metal seat on my bottom took a few seconds to get used to as i tried
to settle down in my seat. Now, Judy and Rosie both sat with their legs
up and open on the bench in front of us. . . . they were wearing jeans
so it didn't matter. Rosie gave me her stern look, so i put my legs
up, but kept my legs closed, and my skirt barely covering my pussy. 
Then i continued eating the cotton candy with my fingers. . . . Judy
asked for some, so i handed it to her on my fingers, which she ate
off (i thought she would take it off my fingers). . . . now i got it ! 
i started eating the cotton candy as a sensuous experience, and not
just for me, but all of us. i fed Judy, then ate some, then fed
Rosie. . . slowly cleaning my fingers with my tongue, or sucking them
clean like a . . . . . . popsicle. . . yeah, that's it ! Soon, i noticed we
had a couple of cowboys sitting near us, and when i noticed them,
they took it as an invitation to come over and ask if we had any
more cotton candy. i said sadly not as i stuffed the last of it
in Rosie's mouth. One of them said he would be glad to get us
some more and i said no, but a coke would be nice. . . with a straw. . . . 
He ran down and got three cokes with straws. i made the best of
that straw. . . i sucked it, i tongued it, i rubbed in on my cheek,
i licked the end of it, i played with it just like it was. . . . . a
popsicle. . . ! Anyway, more cowboys started to come by and get us
more cokes and cotton candy until i really had to go to the
restroom. Now, going up the steps was not bad, but going down
presented a higher probability that my legs would open enough for
anyone to see up my skirt. i just started down the stairs when Rosie
called my name, causing me to stop and look back with one leg on
one step and one on another. She did that on purpose ! She said
to wait. She and Judy would go, too. I went down to the first
landing to wait. i look down to discover that this was above one of
the alleys the cowboys and clowns used to get from on side of the
arena to another, and almost fainted as i realized that there were
three cowboys below me talking. Now i know they normally would
not stop there, so i could only assume why they were right below
me, and why Rosie threw the ice down the grate when we first arrived. 
i could have died ! Rosie and Judy finally arrived, and we went on
to the restroom. We got in there and just started to laugh. . . so
many cowboys, so little time ! i had not seen any of the rodeo,
eating cotton candy and drinking cokes to wash it down. . . . but Rosie
thought we had been there long enough, because we had drawn quite
a crowd, and she did not want any problems. So we left from the
restroom and went to the van. We got in, and Rosie put the cuffs
and seatbelt on as before, and we left the parking lot. We
got on the highway and Rosie opened the windows as Judy unbottoned
my vest. It was a similar ride home as we laughed, closed the vest,
breeze, the vest opened, closed the vest, laughed. . . . . on and on until
we got home. i was glad it was dark, though. 

All in all a fun night. . . . lots of cotton candy, lots of coke, and
lots of cowboys wondering when we were coming out of the rest room. 
Judy reminded me to take a good shower because she was sure the dust
had turned to mud. . . evidently i left a large wet spot on the stadium
seat ! Rosie took me home, released the seatbelt, and let me out to
open my door and keep my vest closed, while cuffed. i was thinking,
"A typical night at the rodeo ! "

your obedient slave

Niki


---------------------------------------------------------------------------


A slave's public exhibition at the mall 
LineMstr


I have an online slave named niki who is really into public exhibition,
although she has never been gutsy enough to do anything really daring
before. 
She is temporarily away from her home on a job assignment, and that is
where we met online. She has had submissive relationships in real life, but has
none now. She is in her early 30s,slender and athletic, about 5'8" and
125 lbs. 34-30-32measurements. Her hair is long and brown. She
confessed that her pussy is shaved bald, and she wearssmall rings in
each nipple. She is very intelligent, and has a very responsible job in
a highly technical field. She had very few clothes with her, and even
fewer ones of a revealingnature. However, she did bring one short-short
red dress. It was sleeveless, cut low in front to reveal an ample amount
of cleavage, and barely covered her ass. She had matching red 5" heels. 

I gave her instructions as follows:She was to dress in her red dress and
matching heels, no underwear or hose. She was to drive into the city and
go to a mall. She was to go to a department store and have a man wait on
her as she pretended to be looking for something. Then she was to go to
a shoe store and find a man to wait on her while she tried on several
pairs of shoes. When I found out that she was planning to go around lunch time,

I added the task of going to lunch in a place where she would be noticed
and would have the opportunity to exhibit herself. During her mall trip, she
was to ride the escalators, and make sure she was observed. At no time,
in the department store, the shoe store, at lunch, or on the escalators,
was she allowed to completely close her legs or cross them. Moreover, at all
times while in the car, she was to keep her skirt hiked up over her waist,
and was to wear a clothespin either on one labia of her pussy, or directly
on her clit--I left that choice to her. When she arrived at the mall, she
was to remove the clothespin, lower her skirt, and get out. At no time
while walking through the parking lot was she allowed to put her skirt
down if it were whipped by the wind. She was to let it fly where it
might, with two exceptions. If it got stuck, she could lower it, and if any
small children were in a position to see her, she could keep it down. 

Then she revealed another problem. She was having to share her room with
a female business associate, but felt she could get around that. She told
me that her associate had a full-time female lover, but she didn't
think she was into the bondage and domination scene. The next thing I
know, I have an email from niki that she had revealed all (literally) to her
associate, who was fascinated by niki's shaved pussy and nipple rings. 
She found the idea of niki parading around a mall exposing her pussy and
Nipple rings to masses of people so exciting that she volunteeredto go along to
make sure niki fulfilled ALL the tasks as ordered, and to be a safety
valve if she was needed. After that revelation, Rosie and I corresponded, and some
additional instructions for niki were given to Rosie. 

These then, are the accounts of what happened that day. First, Rosie's
account, then niki's own account of the activities. 

Subj:niki's adventure
Date:96-07-04 18:34:30 EDT
From:RosiRose
To:LineMstr

LineMstr

I don't know exactly what you are telling her but my friend actually is
one sexy gal. 

After I wrote you this morning I told her it was time to get ready, no
more thinking about business problems. It was a holiday, and we had places to
go. With a sigh she got up and went to shower. She had been very quiet
today, moreso than usual, so I thought I would lighten it up and get her
in the right mood. I got out her clothes, no bra, no panties, only her thin,
red, short-short dress, shoes and the clothespin. 

When she came out of the shower she looked like I imagine the day she was
born, smooth and very soft and not a hint of hair below her eyebrows. Her
hair was so pretty down. I asked her to leave it that way, only to tie it
with a ribbon if she needed to. She got into the dress and shoes and
turned to look at herself in the mirror. I have to say she look incredible ! The
red color of the dress complemented her hair color and really fit her to
show off her shape. The shoes made her that much taller and really tapered her
legs. I arranged her hair so it came down over her nipples which were so
hard I could see the rings easily. I could not believe this was my associate,
my quiet, serious friend. I thought if only the office could see her now. 

I helped with her make up and then she started to panic a bit about
getting out of the room. I gave her my raincoat that covered her dress, and out
the door we went. She had almost forgotten the clothes pin, so I clipped it
to her lapel. Once in the car, she did as you instructed and pulled her
skirt up high over hips, completely exposing her pussy, and put the pin on her
labia. I asked her to change it, that it would please you for her to put it on
Her clit. She really didn't think she could drive that way but I told her to
give it a shot. Well she did, and as I watched, it started to pulsate up
and down. She must have been more bothered or aroused than she let on. She
can be so hard to read at times. Anyway I started to giggle, I have never even
thought of doing something like this, so watching her was marvelous ! 
Well, she started to laugh until she had to stop the car. I told her we
wouldnever get done at this rate and for her to think about gutting fish (what
my Dad would tell my brother) and get going. She visibly relaxed and started
again. 

We had only gotten onto the freeway when this trucker she passed started
going nuts, honking, flashing his lights, and waving. I asked her what
she did and she just looked at her lap and smiled. The whole trip was
that way until she passed a minivan. The look the woman gave her should have killed her but then the women turned to her husband and just started yelling at him. I did not know Niki could elicit such emotion ! 

We arrived at the mall and she dropped me off at Sears, and went to park
The car. I told her I would be near by, but would not interfer unless she did
not complete her tasks. I went in the store and waited for her to come
in. She came in the door bold as brass, and stopped this guy to ask for
directions. Then she went on about her business. As I watched, every male head in the

place swiveled around to look at her ass as she passed. Some looked in
spite of the disapproving looks of the women that were with them. I have never
seen her so stunning and so oblivious to the commotion she was causing. She
got to the phone/computer supply (surprise, surprise) counter and started in
on the sales guy. I really could not hear her but she was so cute, seemingly
trying to understand how it worked, knowing she could explain the electron
exchange to Einstein. 

She really looked like she was having fun and the guy's face was as red as
her dress. She made the purchase and moved on to the shoes. She did not do
very well with this. I think she got too embarrassed. She rushed it and
left the store. I stopped her and made sure she was ok. She did not use
the safeword, and said she was ok. So I told her she had to do it again, but
at another store. I think she as hoping I would tell her that she did not
need to do it again, but you told me to make sure she did every task, so I did
not let her get away with it. 

She then got a coke and sat on a bench in the mall in full view. You
could not miss a thing on her. Her long shapely legs were extended well out in
front of her demurely crossed at the ankle, her arms extended along the
top of the bench putting her breasts to attention for all to see. The dress
clung to her ass and breasts so every bit of their form was accented. I
have to give her credit for sitting there as long as she did. Now, she
did not draw crowds, but NO ONE passed her without a double take. 

She then got up and went to try on shoes again. This time she did a much
better job. The sales clerk must have gotten every pair in her size for
her. Finally, she made a selection, and the sales clerk started making a
pass. I know she was uncomfortable, so I intervened, and we left the
mall. I do have to say I intervened in a manner not uncommon for a dyke
to her girl, but it did stop the situation so we could go. We got outside
and laughed and laughed. We got in the car and I handed her the
clothespin. She started to protest. No safeword though, so she put the pin on her labia this time. 

Now, neither you nor Niki told me we had another stop, the adult sex toy
store. We pull up to this place and she told me you instructed her to get two
padlocks, some chain, a collar, handcuffs and a butt pug. Now I have never shopped for such, or been in a store that sold those things. I was a little
embarrassed now. She looked at me telling me we have to do this, and I need to come with her. So I go. I tried not to look around, and she knew exactly what she
needed. The sales clerk asked me if I were going to use this on her, and
did she need to try any of it out. Well, I am evil in my own way, so I say,

"Yes, the handcuffs. She needs to try on the handcuffs. "

He had her turn around and he locked the cuffs on her wrists behind her
back, because I really think he wanted to see her breasts better. I asked her
how they felt, and she said,

"Fine. "

So I paid for them for her, since I had no intention of letting her out of
this yet. The clerk put it all in a bag, I place the bag in her cuffed hands,
and I took her arm and lead her out. I know she was mortified--as mortified as
I was entering the store ! We got to the car and I unlocked her, saying,

"Gotcha ! "

We both started to laugh again. The drive back to our room was as noisy
as the ride to the mall, all the time with her skirt up, pussy completely
exposed, and the clothes pin on her labia. 

I have to say she was different than I have ever seen her ! Other than the
reluctance with the first shoe-buying experience, she did exactly as you
instructed her with little protest and no use of her safeword. Now I
don't know what that means for her within your D/S relationship but I was amazed
with her performance and her desire to complete every task you gave her. 
She is taking a nap so I will send this now and let her sleep so she can
be rested to write you about her experience herself. 

Rosie

Subj:a day at the Mall
Date:96-07-04 20:42:05 EDT
From:nikigirl
To:LineMstr

Master

When we first got back from the mall i had to lie down for a minute but i
Did it as you instructed. . . . . i paraded myself up and down the mall did some
shopping in Sears and generally stopped traffic there for about 30-45
minutes, or at least felt i did, as everyone stopped and stared. 

Rosie told me about 10 am that it was about time to get ready for our mall
trip. Evidently you and she had communicated again this morning because
she was very insistent i not putz around any more. i showered, shaved
and, paying particular attention to my sex, made sure my pussy was smooth
and very bald. When i came out of the shower, Rosie had laid out the
outfit of the day. . . . my red mini dress, matching red heels, and a clothes
pin--nothing else. She suggested i wear my hair down today and not braid
it, all to appear more sexy. i assumed you had given her some instructions, so i acquiesced and let it dry naturally around my shoulders. i next slithered into the dress, not remembering it being so snug. i slipped on the shoes, looked in the
mirror, and almost fell over ! The dress was almost a second skin and very short,
revealing my very feminine shape, and my long legs were accented by the
shoes. i had to admit i looked pretty good even as my nipples pressed
against the bodice just slightly, revealing the nipple rings, if one were
to look. Behind me, Rosie started to giggle and whisper how delicious this trip was going to be. i started to apply my makeup but my hands were shaking, so Rosie did it for me. i was surprised she had a shade of red lipstick that just matched
the dress. So now everything was in readiness for the trip. Now real
panic set in. . . how to get out of the B&B without arousing too many. . . . questions. 
Rosie was prepared and gave me her raincoat which covered the dress so no
one would see. We left, but not before Rosie clipped the clothespin to
the lapel, and, with a wry smile, told me now we NOW had everything. 

We got to the car without seeing anyone I knew. i took off the coat and
threw in the back, sat in the car seat, hiked up my skirt so my my pussy
was exposed, and i put the clothespin on my labia. Rosie then asked me if i
could get it on my clit instead. i told her i was somewhat surprised my clit
was not hanging out because i was getting wet and aroused by this adventure. 
She laughed and told me to give it a try. After all, wasn't that what this
was all about? ! i moved it to my clit and the pin started to involuntarily
move up and down as i started the car and drove down the road. i could not
concentrate on what i was doing, and the pin was really moving down
there. . . . i thought i would cum right there, when i started to giggle. i
don't think we had gone 15 ft when i slowed down and we both just
dissolved in laughter. That relieved a lot of the stress of the last few
days and now we started out in earnest. i told her i would try and keep
it there but i wasn't sure i could, she just smiled at me. 

We got on the interstate and headed into the city. i was keeping close to
The speed limit (a first for me) when i started to pass an 18-wheeler. You
Know how as you pass someone you turn and look at the person driving?Well, i
turned to look up and he almost dropped the cigarette out of his mouth. 
As i passed he signaled with his lights and horn and tried everything he
Could short of dumping his load to catch up to us. i am also sure he told all
His buddies via the CB what was in the blue taurus. . . . because every trucker
Was flashing lights and honking. i have never felt so---powerful, i quess is
The word ! All the truckers were going wild imagining what kind of gal i was. 

Rosie was amazed. Anyway the trip went on that way--truckers going wild,
guys looking at what was going on. . . until i passed a family in a mini van. 
The mom gave me a look that drilled me into the seat, but the best part is she
gave her old man a worse look as he swevered to get another look at me. i
thought Rosie was going to lose it, she was laughing so hard. (An aside
here. i am glad you had me not sit on my skirt. . . i was so wet). 

We finally reached the mall and i could take that accursed clothespin off
My clit ! i dropped Rosie off and went off to park the car. i took off the
clothespin and closed my legs as the blood rushed back into the area just
to ease the pain a bit, pulled my skirt down and got out of the car. 

Rosie and i had decided to go to Sears in the mall to actually purchase
telephone equipment to splice the jack. So i proceeded there. i could
not see Rosie anywhere as i sashayed into Sears and asked the first man I saw
for directions to the phone counter. i had also thought more men would be
working in that area, so i would accomplish two objectives at once. i
found it, and asked the salesman for some assistance in helping me. i have
to tell you that i was really enjoying this ! The guy was stocking some
shelves when i got there, and he did not know where to look when i asked him for
help. He had on one of those trainee red ribbions, and when i was done with him,
He had graduated ! i had him explain how to use the splice, how to put it in
the teeny weeny little hole. . . . i had him going. . . it was great ! Now, this
was easy so far, because i had not risked anything. . . but trying on shoes was
next on the agenda, and that would be different. 

i headed for women's shoes, all the time looking for Rosie, hoping to see
her.  i picked out a pair of 4 " black pumps to try on. The sales guy was more
than eager to help me find my size and fit the shoes. i sat in a chair facing
the register (maximum exposure to the sales force) and waited for the guy to
bring the shoes. Because i did not have stockings on, i had to put on one of
those little brown peds. i leaned forward to remove the shoe and put on the
ped. 
When i did this, of course my legs opened up, and he got full view of all
Of me ! i thought every man in there was going to explode ! The guy in front
Of me just about dropped over and he could hardly hand me the shoe. well, i
was almost as embarrassed as he was, so i quickly tried on the shoe and
took it off and told him i had to go. He just sat there saying, "Ok, ok, ok. "
i got up and left, only to run into Rosie, who was perplexed about how
abruptly i stopped trying on the shoes. She told me i had to go out into the Mall
and find another store, and i had to do a better job trying on shoes. i
protested a little, saying maybe we should go now. She laughed and told
me i had a lot to do yet before we could go. She asked if i was really
alright and i said yes. So she said, "Back to the trenches ! "You wanted me to
have lunch, but i really was not hungry, so i thought a coke would be
good. 
As i walked over to the first place i could get a coke, i noticed that i
had attracted a fair amount of attention. Heads would turn as i walked
by, eyes glanced up and down my body, and men smiled as i passed. i have
never done anything like this before, and in fact, i spend time trying not
to be noticed. But now i really felt sexy and was willing to try on shoes
again, but in not Sears ! i have to say the looks i got from women were
some of encouragement and some of disapproval. Oh well, i couldn't please
everyone ! i did not see any stools, so i sat on a bench and drank my coke
with my legs extended out in front of me, and my arms spread widely over
the top of the bench so my tits were on full display. . . nipple rings and all ! 
i don't think there was a male there that did not get a good look. . . at
least i felt that way ! 

i finished the coke and went to look for a sports store, thinking there
were mostly male sales people in that kind of store, and i could try on shoes
which i might actually buy. i took the escalator up to the second level as
you instructed me with my legs open, one leg on the higher step the other
behind me and near the edge so anyone could clearly see i was not wearing
any panties. i flipped my hair back as an attention getting move so no
one would miss me. i looked around and did not see a store I wanted, so i
took the escalator back down standing on the edge of the step for all to see. 

Finally, i found one that sold women's althetic shoes. i stopped one of
The sales guys and sweetly asked him to explain the difference between Nike
And Reebock shoes for jogging, which was better, and would he help me find a
pair. He just stopped and stared at me and then fumbled around. i have
to say this was the first time i had the guts to look at anyone's crotch,
and he was becoming erect ! i never thought i could effect anyone that way ! 
Well, i decided to have some fun with him. i asked him to help me find just the
right pair, just the right color, just the right fit, not too tight not
too loose. i let him show me where to sit as he went to get several pairs for
me to try on. He handed me a ped to put on, and i asked him if he could
help me by removing my shoe. In order to remove my shoe, he had to sit
exactly at eye level with my pussy,and i know he saw it all because he
just stared for a second until i caught him staring. i thought his penis
would poke a hole out of his pants ! i closed my legs to stop his
staring and put on the ped so he could regain his composure. . . and i mine. 
Every time he handed me a pair, i would let him put on one of the shoes,
so he got another look, and then i would close my legs extend my leg, look
at my foot and say, "No, not what i had in mind," and would repeat the
process. This guy would have let me try on every shoe in the store as
long as i would sit there. It was great, until he started asking questions,
and began to hit on me. i selected a pair of shoes from the pile and he went
to ring them up. i really do not know how he could straighten up. While
he was gone i removed the ped, put on my shoe and stood up. He came back,
handed me the shoes,said this was his break time, and asked me if i
wantedto go get lunch. He would not let go of the shoes, or take no for an
answer. Suddenly, Rosie appeared, put her arm around me, gave me a kiss on the
cheek, and announced "Ready babe?Let's go ! "i was so relieved i kissed
her back and said, "You bet ! "

We walked back through the mall, noticing the turning heads, glances, and
comments. We went back through Sears, through the parking lot, and into
the car. We just sat and laughed and laughed. i have never in all my
32 years EVER generated so much attention ! 

Rosie handed me the clothespin. i asked her if it was really necessay,
And she said you had told her it was. So, i hiked up my skirt and this time,
i put it on my labia. Now we had to drive through town to the adult store i
found in the phone book and purchase the other items. i had thought you had
told Rosie, so i didn't ! She was surprised when we drove up and i parked the
car. i told her you had a few items for me to get and she needed to come with
me. Now she was embarrassed ! She had never been in such a store. i guess
they get more women dressed the way i was, because it did not bother the
sales guy at all. Rosie, on the other hand, was uncomfortable, and i
thought she would die when the guy asked her if i was purchasing the stuff
for her to use on me. He asked her if she need to try out anything on me. 
 She recovered well, and said, "Perhaps the handcuffs. "He removed them
from the display and showed her how they would not tighten once
locked--real police cuffs--as he cuffed my hands behind me. She then
looked right at me and asked me if they felt ok. i said, "Yes, they were
quite satisfactory. "She then reached in my purse and took out my money
to pay for them and the other things. Now I fully expected her to unlock the cuffs, but she put the bag in my cuffed hands and led me out of the store ! Now there were other people in the store who all stopped and looked at us ! i could have died, and i could have killed her ! We got outside to the car and she removed the cuffs, telling me after that, i am lucky she did not have him insert the butt plug ! Then we both started laughing again. 

i got in the car, hiked my skirt up, put on the clothespin and
off we went tohome. The trip home was again full of stares, flashing
lights, and honking ! i could not believe all the stuff that went on to
get my attention. . . . i didn't know how i was driving the car at all ! 

Once back to the house, i put on the rain coat and carried my heels in my
hand to get back inside unnoticed. All in all, Rosie and i tallied up
about 5000 stares, 25 comments, at least 3 erections, 1 hit on, 1 gotcha
to Rosie, and 1 to me, no injuries, no accidents, no bodily harm, new
shoes, equipment to splice the phone connection, and the toys you requested. 

Not bad for an afternoon in the city. 

Your obedient slave

niki



---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 