It was early in the morning at the Xiaolin Temple. Master Fung had suggested the young monks play several rounds of dodge ball to work on their reflexes. It was Raimundo’s turn to be the thrower.

The Dragon of Fire smirked as she gracefully dodged the red rubber ball with ease.

“That wasn’t much of a throw Raimundo…” Kimiko taunted with a giggle. “You can do better than that.”

Raimundo glared, not at the fire dragon, but at Omi. The water dragon flinched.

‘Oh God! Oh God! Don’t look at me like that!!!’ Omi’s mind screamed. 

Kimiko frowned. She looked at the tiny monk run in terror as the whirlwind ball of death shot at him like a comet of the end of days.

“Is it just me….” the Asian girl began, “…or does Rai seem rather… wound up?

The mini green dragon shrugged nonchalantly, “What can I say? Kid’s got a good throwing arm.”

“It’s not that…” She paused. “Something’s up,” Kimiko grimaced. 

Dojo cocked his head, wanting to comprehend. “Whadaya mean Kimiko?”

The fire dragon paused again. She wanted to elaborate on the odd feeling, but couldn’t put her finger on what it was. “Just keep a watch over him okay?”

Dojo still looked confused but he let it go. “Um… can do Kimiko.”

---

It was in the evening when Raimundo decided to pay the water dragon a visit. He wanted to discuss something.

“Raimundo Stop!” The young boy cried painfully.

Omi was sitting in Raimundo’s lap as the wind dragon roughly stroked his erection.

“Are you gonna to be a good boy and come for me?” He smirked backed viscously.

“Please… stop,” the small monk begged, desperately trying to wiggle out of the wind dragon’s grasp.

“How long are you going to be able to hold off until you… explode,” the wind dragon emphasized as he used his free hand to roughly pinch the boy’s nipple.

“Uhh… Ah! Raimundo, please…stop. You’re hurting me,” Omi gasped out.

“If I’m hurting you so much, why are you so aroused, baby?” Raimundo taunted. He couldn’t stop himself, and he didn’t care what the consequences were because of it.

In one quick movement Raimundo shoved the tiny monk from out of his lap, on to the floor, and then roughly penetrated the small warrior from behind. Within moments the older male was coming, not inside the monk, but inside his pants… again.

‘Shit,’ Raimundo inwardly cursed himself as he stood up from his bed mat, soiled pajama pants and all. He couldn’t take much more of this. His dreams were starting to get much more violent, but he still forced himself on dream Omi.

This was the fourth time this week that dream Omi had pleaded and resisted that Raimundo stop his sexual advances. What sickened the wind dragon more was that he realized how bad the situation was and yet still got off on it. What the fuck was wrong with him?

The wind dragon was torn from his thoughts when he heard light knock on his screen door.

“Raimundo?” ‘Fuck’.

Raimundo didn’t open the screen door all the way, as he didn’t what the younger monk to see his… accident.

“Raimundo… Are… are you all right? I thought I heard your voice,” Omi questioned softly.

“Just shut up and go back to bed, this has nothing to do with you!” Raimundo motioned to slam the sliding door, but Omi blocked his way.

“Yes it does! You are my friend…” The younger boy paused for a brief moment, and then shouted glaringly, “Why…why are you acting this way?”

Raimundo looked down at Omi’s pained expression.

The wind dragon paused for a long moment. Then his response came out as barely a whisper, “If I tell you, you will hate me forever…”

“Raimundo…” The younger monk gazed longingly at the older monk.

“Game on kids! A new Shen Gong Wu just revealed itself!” Both monks looked down suddenly as the hyper green lizard slithered quickly by. Omi then turned back to Raimundo, wanting to say more.

“Leave. I’ll be outside in five minutes”, The Brazilian boy said suddenly.

Omi wanted to question the other male more, but he relented and ran off to prepare for their journey.

---

Minutes later Raimundo emerged outside, his hair still wet from the quick shower he had just come from. He reluctantly hopped behind Omi on the large dragon.

Omi timidly looked over his shoulder and whispered to the male behind him. “Raimundo”, he paused, “What did you mean I would hate you---”

“Dojo get going!” Raimundo interrupted the younger monk with an stern order to the green dragon.

“All right, all right! No need to get testy… Seesh!”

Dojo began to take to the skies with the four dragons in tow. However, they were unaware of the sickly yellow eyes watching them from the valley.

“Those little chip monks aren’t gonna like the surprise I got in store for ‘em!” The gruff voice cackled.