A Day At The Office
by Titsandass1

Stefani takes it all off.

Glancing at the women's easy reader TimeX on my left wrist, I noted the time, 4 58. Though it had been a long day, the taxes for my client, an automobile dealership, remained only half complete. The owner understood that they would be ready on Monday so I planned on being at my desk for several more minutes.

My name is Stefani Caruso. Thirty years old, I had been employed by the firm for 7 years since gaining my certification.

My colleagues at the office are Jon, age 52, and Michelle, age 41. We have a cordial relationship that often sees me engaging them in small talk.

By 5 15 having completed the form and filed it electronically, I asked Jane at the front desk to place a phone call informing dealership owner Alan Longfellow that his taxes are ready.

A four mile daily run keeps me slim. Genetics has given my waist a long gentle curve. My thighs are slim and there's big curve in the hips. My breasts are a generous C cup.

That day I wore a red/black colorblock patchwork, knee-length, fall boatneck, sheath dress with red pointed-toe pumps. The dress accentuates my body shape which is why I like it.

Home by 6, I begin preparing a meal. Not exactly the world's best cook, I shoved ready-made stuffed peppers into the oven and relaxed in my sofa. In the meantime the novel "Dangerous Waters", a romance authored by Radcliffee and stored on my i-pad, is being read to me by a woman.

Single, I like living vicariously through the characters in lesbian romance tales. My ex Lynne remains a close friend. Unfortunately we broke up over a critical issue. She wanted a family but motherhood is not my thing.

Exhibitionism has never been my thing, till now. Looking through my window at the cars below and a few scattered walkers, I have finally decided to take it all off. Nudity is freeing.

Wanting to make sure that I can be seen in the window, I lit my livingroom before letting my dress and bra slip to the bedroom floor. I pulled off my panties as well before leaving the bedroom.

By the window I began swaying my hips in oval motions. A slight change in my motion made my boobs jiggle. This girl was having a good time.

I strolled into work at 8 not expecting a reaction to my show of the previous night. The dress this day is a v-neck, white and black WHBK sheath type.

"Nice show last night," Jon teased.

Stunned briefly by the remark, I asked, "how much did you see."

Jon chuckled then answered with a question. "How much did you take off?"

"Does your wife know you like looking at naked women?"

He let my comeback pass.

I added, "nudity is freeing."

"So this isn't the first time," Jon observed.

"It is the first time."

"My wife left me for another woman."

"Really, when," I asked.

"Five years ago," said Jon.

"That's a bummer."

I would not admit to being lesbian but secretly I wanted to meet Jon's ex wife. I briefly fantasized being naked in front of her.

The usually talkative Michelle remained quiet through this whole interaction. I glanced at her. I wonder who your husband looks at.

Michelle likes wearing bodycon dresses accentuating a spectacular body. I gave her one last glance before going into my cubicle. I would love to see her naked. Too bad she's married to a man. Maybe I can flip her.

Inside my cubicle for just two minutes the urge to work naked came to me. Off came the dress, the bra and the panties.

Not long afterward my colleages got an eyeful of naked Stefani as I headed for the copying machine on behalf of a client.

This time no one commented although someone did whistle. It might'ave been a client, or possibly Jon.

Anyway I worked the remainder of the day nude then carried my clothes to my car.

I was home for about 20 minutes when I called Lynne.

Her phone rang three times before she answered it. "What's up?"

"Just thought I'd call? How's Kate?"

"She's good. She's pregnant."

"Cool," I said.

"So am I," Lynne added.

"Congrats, When are you due?"

 "Not for a while. It's only two weeks. Kate's five months along."

Should I fess up to going naked in public?

The memory of Lynne walking the city streets and through the mall wearing body paint stays with me. I was clothed that afternoon in fitted black tee and bluejeans walking beside her.

"Is the donor someone who you know?"

"He's an old friend. We call him 'Uncle Carl' He's gay."

"Do you both have the same donor?"

"Yup," said Lynne.

I may as well fess up. She can't be too judgemental.

"I was nude at work today, all day."

"Body paint?"

"Not even paint," I said.

"Oh MY god Stefani," Lynne exclaimed. "You once said 'no fucking way'when I wanted you to go painted with me."

"A girl can change her mind."

"I suppose so," said Lynne.

After a couple of minutes Kate's voice came through the phone.

"Stefani how are you hon?"

"I'm good. Congrats."

"This is a dream come true."

The conversation with Kate lasted a couple of minutes.

A year and a half ago I had attended the wedding of Kate Landon and my former girlfriend Lynne McAfee. Their wedding day happened almost five years to the day that I started dating Lynne. A month into our relationship Lynne had met Kate, an artist, and contracted to have her body painted.

"What's this about you going to work naked?"

"I like it."

"I'll bet that sight must've turned some heads."

"A few," I replied.

Nudity is my thing these days. No point undressing at work. I'll just go in nude.

Anyway, still wide awake at 9 30 I lit my bedroom and went the window. Like the previous night, I swayed. This time I would incorporate a new move, a turn showing my ass for about a minute.

Tuesday morning I came to the office wearing absolutely nothing. I sensed that my colleagues were growing accustomed to it, or is it desenitized.

I felt completely at ease. Some clients ogled me but so what if they did. Some day one of those clients who glues lustful eyes to me will be female. She will make my day.
