Night on the Town

Author's note:  This is the first story that I have wrote from a woman's point of view.  Although DG helped me with editing, I would appreciate feedback from the ladies, good, bad, or otherwise.  Thanks-RHL

The message said to call when I got home.

"Hello.  This is Bill.  Can I help You?"

"You said to call."

"Where were you?"

"Out shopping with Tamara."

"Figures.  Chad and I slave our butts off to keep our noses above the poverty line and you two are always conspiring to drive us into bankruptcy."

"You're so funny!"  With his six figure income, I doubt that would ever happen. We have budgeted $10,000 yearly for my discretionary spending, and I have rarely gone through half of that.

"The reason I called is that I will be landing at the airport in about 45 minutes.  We got lucky and wrapped this up yesterday and Dave got the executive jet there early.  As soon as we clear customs, Dave has a limo to take us home.  You don't have to come down to pick me up."

"Great!  I'll see you when you get home."

"Not so fast.  I've made reservations at Chez Henri for a quiet meal tonight.  I figured we could celebrate a little.  Dave is giving us a major bonus for getting this done so quickly."

I was hoping he would come home and stay here.  I've been lonely these past two weeks and I'm horny.  My fingers and trusty vibrator could only do so much.  But I guess I could wait a little longer.  Chez Henri was one of my favorite restaurants.  It had candlelit tables, muted lighting, and soft music playing.  The tables are small, and under the tablecloths, we could play a little hanky-panky.  The food is excellent and the wine list is the best in town.  It seems that every time we went there, we ended up making fantastic love afterwards.

"What do you want me to wear?"

"How about that cute little black dress you have?"

"When are we going?"

"I will be home in about an hour and a half.  As soon as I get showered and dressed. we will head out.  I have the reservation for 7:30."

"I will see you then.  I love you."

"I love you, too, Debi.  Later."

I figured I had time for a leisurely bath.  I went to our bedroom and started the water in the big garden tub in our en suite bath.  I stripped off my clothes as I waited for the tub to fill.

"Not bad for a fifty year old."  I thought as I stood nude before the mirror.  From my shoulder length auburn hair to my painted toenails, I knew I could give girls a third of my age a run for their money.  My skin was still flawless.  I ran my hands over my breasts, making my nipples come to life.  My breasts were small, but well formed.  My nipples could get hard at a moments notice.  Bill always said my breasts were big enough to be seen, but small enough that I never needed a bra.

I slid my hands over my stomach and down to my mons.  It was covered with a dense bush of hair, the same color as on my head.  The girls down at the gym were always chiding me about not shaving it, but I told them that Bill could not keep his fingers (or tongue) out of it.  They would tease me by calling me "Bushwoman", but I would ask them how often their husbands made love to them.  That shut them up quickly.

The bath water was ready.  I relaxed and thought about my husband.  Bill was in similarly good condition.  Although he had eight years on me, he was still physically fit.  He kept himself in shape not only with visits to the gym, he worked hard when he was out in the field.  His muscles were still firm and well defined.

"Damn!  I wish he would just come home and stuff one particular muscle in me!"  I was getting horny, but I knew he would satisfy me later on in the evening.  I have learned to trust him and follow his lead.  I have yet to be disappointed.

That was a far cry from what it was like 28 years ago when we married.  All mom told me about sex was that you will be hurting on your wedding night.  I was so uptight that I would not let Bill get past second base on his wedding night.  My poor husband had to go to the bathroom to jack off!  Mom never told me how wonderful orgasms could be.  I wonder if she ever had one!

But Bill never pushed.  He led me gently but firmly into the world of love.  We would pet and I would finally allow him to finger me to small climaxes.  After about six months, he finally fucked me.  He fingered me to a climax, and as I was cumming, he thrust his cock into me.  There was a twinge of pain, but when it subsided, the feeling of his cock inside me was wonderful.  

It was like that for the next several years.  Every time he wanted to try something new, it was met with resistance on my part.  But he firmly led me, and after a while, I figured out that he wanted to pleasure me and not hurt me.  I would now do anything he wanted.  There were a couple of things we tried that I didn't like, and he never asked me to do them again.

I got out of the tub and dried off.  I did my nails and hair.  I found a pair of stay-up silk stockings and put them on.  I would never wear a garter belt with this black dress as it would be obvious as it was rather snug.  I can't stand panty hose.  If we decided on the spur of the moment to make love, they were a formidable barrier to deal with.  I also grabbed a pair of canary yellow panties.  If I was going to flash him, I wanted to make sure he didn't miss it!

I was ready when Bill got home.  He kissed me on the way in and went upstairs.  He took about 15 minutes to freshen up and change into formal wear.  He went directly to the garage and got the car.  Instead of the Impala, he got out the GTO.  This is his favorite car.  He bought it from an Army buddy in '72 and restored it to showroom condition.  It was the car we dated in, and the car that we took on our honeymoon.  Every time we go out in it, heads turn.  He told me that the '64 Pontiac GTO was one of the rarest muscle cars from that era.  It is sort of my lucky charm as every time we go somewhere in it, I have a fantastic time.

As it was a nice evening and we weren't going far, he had the top down.  The wind in my face made me feel alive.  

We got to the restaurant.  The valet opened my door and let me out.  He went around to Bill's side, and much to my surprise, he got out and let the valet park the car.  Usually, he will not let anyone touch his baby unless he is in an exuberant mood.  I did not know what (or if) he had anything planned, but I had a feeling this was going to be a night to remember.

We entered the restaurant and the head waiter showed us to our table.  As it was a week night, there were few patrons.  Several guys (and a couple of women) turned their heads and watched us as we took our seats.  We ordered a nice Burgandy to go with the steaks.  We made small talk during the meal; Bill talking about the project and I talked about day to day stuff while he was gone.  By the time the meal ended, we were both pretty relaxed.

"I really wanted you to come home and make love to me.  I have been getting horny while you were away."

"I was planning a nice dinner, then a ride out to the country, and we would go to that place that we both enjoy overlooking the river."

"MMMM, that sounds nice."

"I will spread the blanket out, slowly remove your clothing and make love to you under the stars.  As I lay you down, I will kiss you passionately, roaming my hands all over your beautiful body."

"Ooohhh!! I'm getting so horny!"  As I did not want others to hear our conversation, I slid my chair closer to him.  He responded by placing his hand on my thigh under the tablecloth.  

"After that, I will kiss you all over, from your head to your toes."

We both loved to talk sexy to each other, and it was having an effect on me.  I squeezed my thighs together to increase the warm feeling in my pussy.  He felt it, removed his hand, and put his arm around my shoulder.  I snuggled close to him, my lust growing by the minute.  My nipples were hard and I was getting wetter.

"I can't wait!"

"Tell me how hot you are."

"My panties are soaked."

"Prove it to me."

I slipped my hand under the tablecloth hoping no one would notice.  I slid my dress up and dipped my fingers inside of my panties.  After my fingers were liberally covered with my juices, I brought them out and held my hand toward him.  

"No, really prove it to me."

What do you want me to do?  Go to the bathroom and take my panties off?"

"I want you to take them off and right here and hand them to me."

I glanced around to see if anyone was looking my way.  I saw a woman who was dining by herself looking in my general direction, but no one else.  As the lighting was dim and I was horny, I figured "What the hell."  I raised up and slid my panties off.  I deliberately dropped a fork, and when I went to pick it up, I slipped my panties down my legs and took them off.  I wadded them up an into my hand and discretely gave them to Bill.

I figured that he would take them and feel the dampness and then slip them into his pocket.  But, NNNNOOOOOO, he lays them out on the table, straightens them out, folds them so the gusset is on the outside, and puts them to his mouth to suck my juices out of them.  Although he looks like he is wiping his mouth with a napkin, I was sure that everyone in the restaurant could see my bright yellow panties.

"MMMMM, you taste good tonight."

Gawd, I am getting so hot I could cum right here!

"I think you have an admirer."

"Where?"  

I was afraid that one of the men in the restaurant had seen me remove my panties and was staring at me right now.  It was embarrassing and thrilling at the same time.

Bill nodded his head toward the side, and I looked over to see the woman I had seen earlier.  She looked directly into my eyes and ran her tongue over her lips.  OH my god!  She's a lesbian!  

I had thoughts about being with a woman, but never thought about putting the fantasies into action.  I have had many men look in my direction with lust, but this was the first time I have known a woman to do so.  

I looked back in her direction.  She had gotten up and was heading for the ladies room.  She turned back at me, looked me in the eyes, and smiled.

"That is an invitation if I have ever seen one.  Go ahead."

"You want me to go into the ladies room and fuck her?"

"No.  Go in there and fuck her because you want to."

After a few seconds, I got up and followed her.  My knees were quaking, but because of Bill's urging, I decided to go through with it.

I entered the ladies room and looked around.  The door to the handicap stall was open.
I looked in and she was sitting on the toilet.  She had slid forward with her dress wrapped around her waist and her panties around her ankles.  Her neatly trimmed pussy was blatantly displayed for me.  She had also pulled the front of her strapless evening gown down, baring her breasts.

"Come on in and close the door behind you.  I know you want it."

I closed the door and approached her, not knowing what to expect.  

When I first saw you squirming, I didn't quite know what you were doing.  I thought you might have been fingering yourself.  When I saw your lover sucking on your panties, I knew you were aroused and I wanted you!"

She leaned forward and put her lips to my bush, inhaling my fragrance.

Leaning back, she spread her thighs further.  "Go ahead.  I know you want to."

I was in a trance.  I knelt between her legs and put my lips to her pussy.  She was as wet as I was.  Her fragrance was intoxicating.  This was the first time ever I had tasted another woman's juices and I was hooked.

I looked up and saw she was pinching her nipples.  I was scared that I might be doing something wrong, but she had a look of pure bliss on her face.

From what Bill had done to me, I knew what to do.  I searched out her clitoris with my tongue.  She grabbed the back of my head, forcing my mouth tight against her pussy.  I sucked her clit into my mouth and gently nipped with my teeth.  She came in a very wet orgasm, spraying her juices over my face.

She took the pressure off of my head, but still held it, stroking my hair.  I was gently kissing her pussy and lapping her juices, basking in the afterglow of her orgasm.  I was taking it all in, the fact that I had just did something that I would had refused to do if asked only 15 minutes ago.  I was so turned on by knowing I gave another woman a fantastic orgasm.

She finally pushed me away and stood up.  "Your turn."

I bunched my dress up around my waist and sat down where she had been.  She knelt between my knees, buried her face into my pussy, and sought out my clit.  As she started nibbling on it, We heard the door to the ladies room open.  We both froze.  Another woman took the stall beside ours and sat down to do her business.  My lover gently lapped my clit.  I wanted to scream as I was so close to cumming.  The thought of the woman in the next stall only increased my arousal, and I was only seconds from one of the biggest orgasms of my life.  I managed to hold it in.  It seemed to take forever for her to finish her business.  I finally heard the toilet flush and she opened the stall, went to the sinks, and washed up.  

When I heard the door close, the dam broke.  I put my hand in my mouth and bit hard to prevent my screaming.  I came so hard that I saw stars.  With my free hand, I forced the other woman's head into my pussy as I gushed all over her face.  

I held her there as I basked in the afterglow.  She gently kissed and lapped my juices.  

"OH MY GAWD!  That was wonderful!"

"I'm glad you enjoyed it.  

We stood up and straightened ourselves up the best we could.  We both looked like we had slept in our clothes.  We went out to the sinks and tried to freshen up a little.  

"By the way, I'm Barbara."

"I'm Debi."

"I take it that this was your first time."

"Yes."

"It doesn't have to be your last.  Here's my number."

She handed me a card as we walked back into the restaurant.

I went back to Bill.  "Let's go.  I'm still horny."

"OK.  I've already paid the bill.  I figured that you wouldn't want any dessert."

"I just had it.  I am ready for the main course now."

Bill led me out through a side door.  He took me in his arms and kissed me.  I knew he could taste Barbara's juices on my lips and tongue.

We looked around and saw the GTO.  The valet had parked it in the back, away from everything and in shadows.  As the top was still down, it wasn't locked.  He opened the door, sat me down sideways in the seat, and unzipped his pants.  I spread my legs and he thrust into me.  I was so aroused that I didn't care if any saw us.  I clasped my legs around him and he started to fuck me.  I was still so horny that I started cumming after just a couple of strokes.  He couldn't last long and came just a couple of seconds later.

We straightened ourselves as best we could and walked around to the valet stand.  The valets looked at us strangely, but did not say anything.  We got the car and drove away.

"Where to, Honey?"

"How about the place by the river?"


(Although I did ask for feedback from the ladies, any and all feedback is appreciated-RHL)
