                                        DESPERATE HOUSWIVES PART 6
                                                                     By  BlackHeart   

                It had been three weeks since Sandi and Amanda began making the pornographic movies with their sons. With tips from Marcella they had quickly learned how to make the movies a very popular internet site and by fucking the boys every weekend and in every possible way they managed to provide to their growing list of customers some fresh stuff on a regular basis.
                 Now, for example, the two women had gotten over their initial shyness about being naked in front of the boys and had no problem parading around naked before the cameras.  They even went so far as to spread their legs wide to allow their viewers to see every bit of their cunts which they had shaved until they were practically denuded themselves  
                The boys had been good students and learned fast.  They  were also completely relaxed       around the naked women and eagerly licked, sucked and ate out their cunts before fucking them.  Then, when the filming was over they would go to bed with the women and fuck them again. However, cock sucking was still a total no no and although the boys were getting impatient they stuck to their plan and waited.
                After some discussion, Sandi and Amanda thought the porn movie business was going so good that it was time to bring another woman and her son into the business.  They decided it would be an Oriental woman called Lilly Chan.  She had been a member of their bankrupt investment group and thought Amanda and Sandi were suffering the same money woes as she was. However, one day she noticed the pair appeared to be back to their free spending ways. They always seemed to have lots of money and were no longer complaining about the cost of maintaining their fancy condos and expensive cars.
                When Lilly started questioning the women about their sudden change in fortune, Sandi and Amanda took her  to their favourite lounge and over drinks explained to her what they had been doing.
               "I don't believe it, it's bad enough to stoop to making porno movies of yourselves but screwing each others sons before cameras is absolutely sick," Lilly stated with a shocked look on her face.  
               "Well, we thought it over before we began and decided it was better than doing it with total strangers because at least we know exactly who we are fucking."Sandi explained.
              "Yeah, but is not for me," Lilly stated.  "There is no way I would make those kind of movies with anybody, let alone one of your sons."
               She was quite emphatic about her aversion to the whole idea until her friends began describing the huge sums of money they were starting to make and how this was just the tip of the iceberg.
                 "We make gobs of money just by doing it with the boys on the weekend and I am sure you could too, especially now that our sons are quite experienced and know exactly what to do," Amanda  said.  Then when she sensed that Lilly was softening up to the idea, she added, "believe me, I felt just like you do right now but I was so broke I decided to to go along with it, at least on a trial basis, and it didn't take long for all my money problems to just disappear."
             Lilly hummed and hawed about it for a few minutes, thinking first about the sick, perverted things she would have to do and then about all that money coming in.  Finally she  agreed to give it a try.
                "How do we go about doing this," she asked, then blushingly stammered, "I mean which boy is going to be with who?"
                Sandi explained that Lilly would have to have a talk with her 16 year son Norman and explain to him about the sleepover arrangement.  Then if he agreed to co-operate, he would going over to her or Amanda's place while one of their sons went over to her place.
               "It has to be that way because we won't do it with our own sons, that would be too much."  
                  After some discussion it was decided that Sandi and Amanda would toss a coin to decide where Lilly's son  would be going.  Amanda picked heads and when the coin landed on heads, it was agreed that she would take Norman in hand. This meant that Ryan would be going over to Lilly's place and Timmy would stay with Sandi for another session.
             It was the following Friday evening when they all met in the mall parking lot and their sons jumped into each woman's car.
            Ryan, feeling himself quite experienced since his time with Amanda, was not very nervous at all as he sat quietly in Lilly's car while they drove over to her house. However, she seemed quite tense and was very quiet.
             He looked at the Oriental woman out of the corner of his eye and as he eyed her body he began wondering what it would be like to fuck her as she seemed quite the opposite of the voluptuous Amanda.
               Lilly was a petite women who stood barely five feet tall but had a very tight and trim looking body for a 35 year old woman.  When he looked at her chest, he saw her small breasts barely made a dent in her top.  If Amanda's tits were mountains, Lilly's had to be mere foothills, he thought to himself.
             Still it would be exciting to fuck her and he smiled to himself, hardly believing his luck to be able to fuck yet another beautiful woman and Mrs. Chan was certainly fit the bill. 
She had a very pretty face.  Her hair was long and straight with bangs in the front and it was a jet, inky black compared to the blond haired Amanda.
          And while Amanda had very white looking skin despite a summer tan, Lilly's was much darker, kind of an olive shade.  She wore a simple sleeveless top and a pair of tight pants that ended just below her knees. On her feet were a pair of bright red opened toed sandals and Ryan noticed that her toe nails had been painted a matching bright red.
              Once inside Lilly's house, Ryan sat quietly at one end of the sofa while Lilly sat on the other end.  Neither of them spoke until Ryan finally broke the tense silence.
              "You got the cameras all set up."
                Lilly nodded yes so he said, 'we  might as well get started.  I have been doing this with Amanda for three weekends now so I know what to do for the cameras.'
                "Just move over here and follow my lead, you'll see it is not that bad at all, in fact it could turn out to be a lot of fun," he faced Lilly with a reassuring smile on his face.
                Ryan waited for Lilly to move beside him but when she stayed at her end of the sofa, not     looking at him and saying nothing, he decided to be patience and wait.
             No sense pushing her, he thought.  I'll just take it easy until she comes around.
             Lilly felt glued to her spot on the sofa as she thought about the ramifications of what she was about to do.    
             She had on been with one man and that  had been her husband who had divorced her a few years ago.  Although she had some offers and plenty of opportunity to jump into bed with somebody else since then, she hadn't found anybody that really interested her that much.  Being quite conservative by nature, she had always believed that sex should be only with someone you loved and done in private.  Now here she was about to do it with somebody young enough to  be her son.  That was bad enough, she thought, but to also do it before cameras and have it seen by perhaps hundreds of perverts on the internet who would be getting themselves off while ogling her nudity and watching her perform with Ryan.
                 This is sick, really sick and perhaps she was just as perverted as the sickos who watched it, but Lilly reasoned she really didn't have much choice.  Money had been tight since her husband had left her and Sandi"s day trading had been a God send.  Now without it, she was really feeling the pinch again and it was even worse than before because of the huge debts she had accumulated.
                Finally, with a shrug of acceptance, Lilly turned to Ryan and said "okay I think I am ready but I have never done anything like this before so I don't know what to do.
              "What, still a virgin," Ryan teased her with a smile on his face.  "Then how did you manage to have Norman.?"
             "Before a camera I mean," Lilly replied with a blush on her face.  "I would never ever had thought I was going to be doing this for everybody to see and especially with some boy young enough to be my son."
              "Just relax, take it easy and go with it,"Ryan told her as he bent over and began kissing her.
               They made out  like that, with some necking and kissing for several moments before Ryan made the next move by placing his hands on her tits over her top and bra.  They felt small and firm, like little apples as he slowly and gently cupped them the way Amanda had taught him.
              Lilly appeared startled when he first began feeling her up but managed to relax and began kissing him harder and with more passion.  Actually his hands felt good, she thought.  He wasn't instantly pawing and mauling at her like she thought a young boy would. Instead he was expertly using his hands to caress her breasts to such an extend that the nipples began to harden.
               Ryan sensed her change of attitude and pressed on by moving his hands under her top and in a couple of moments he had it up around her neck and his hands were inside her bra.  He could feel and hear the woman gasp with the shock of his hand capturing her naked tits and begin teasing her already hardened nipples.
              From there, he took her bra off completely and pulled the top over her head so that she was topless.  Knowing from experience what was good for the cameras, Ryan moved Lilly's body around on the sofa so that she faced the cameras, giving viewers a good look at her naked tits.  They were quite small looking, especially when he compared them to Amanda's big melons, but they were firm, standing out on her chest without a sag.  Her nipples were big, brown and already hard.  
             Ryan played for the cameras by having the woman sit topless on the sofa so that her naked tits were fully displayed as well as her flat tummy.  He then reached out and took each of her tits in his hand s and began gently massaging her tit flesh and teasing her big, pert nipples before bending down and fastening his mouth on each one in turn.  He heard Lilly gasp loudly as his tongue began to gently lick each nipple, drawing from his experience with Amanda to get her more and more excited.
            My God, how can someone as young as this boy know exactly what to do, Lilly asked herself as she felt herself getting more and more turned on by Ryan's efforts.  The way he uses his hands, mouth and tongue are just perfect.  No woman could resist this for very long, he would soon drive her mad.
I guess Amanda was a very good teacher and he must have been her star pupil.  I wonder what else she taught him.
                 Ryan was having himself a very good time, not only because he was well on his way towards   fucking another pretty women who was twice his age, it was always because he had the feeling of being in total control of the situation.  This was far different than being with Amanda who always kept total control of all the action by giving him all kinds of orders and commands which he felt compelled to obey to the letter.  Not that it hadn't been fun with Amanda, but because of the conversation he had overheard, he knew she was just using him for her own selfish satisfaction.  Tonight he was in control and he decided that he would take full advantage of it, just like Amanda had.
               The first thing he noticed as he continued to make out with Lilly, was the fact that she was getting really turned on by his actions.  And she should be, he thought, after all he was doing all the things to her that Amanda had taught him.
               Ryan's next move was to abandon Lilly's tits and begin working on the waistband of her jeans.
He soon had them pulled down around her ankles and her plain white panties followed.  He pulled them completely off and knelt between her legs so that he was able to study her naked pussy.  It was a lot hairier than Amanda's with black pubic hair so thick it hid almost everything from his curious eyes, but it was still a pussy to Ryan. 
              He began slowly because he felt Lilly tensing up when he ran his hands up the inside of her legs towards her treasured target.  Yes, he could sense her reluctance.  She seemed to be drawing back from him and pushing herself back into the sofa cushions until she had no where to go.  Also she kept attempting to keep her legs tightly together so his hands were trapped between her thighs.
                 Ryan found it frustrating but managed to keep his patience as he tried to overcome Lilly's reluctance.  Just take it slow and easy, he kept telling himself.  Realizing that if he pushed the woman too much she might freeze up altogether on  him.
                "Just relax," he whispered to Lilly.  "This is not as bad as you think.  I'll make you feel really good."  
                He smiled in encouragement at Lilly as she slowly opened up her legs and allowed his hands to move up her legs until his fingers moved through her pubic  hair and hovered around the opening to her pussy.  
                 Lilly expected the boy to excitedly plunge his fingers into her pussy and begin to roughly fuck them in and out of her.  Instead, he continued to slowly and patiently caress and softly touch the outer lips of it and she found herself getting turned on by his actions.  Almost on their own, now her legs moved wider and wider apart and Lilly managed to forget about the cameras as she began to lose herself to Ryan"s ministrations.
              Ryan sensing her capitulation, smiled to himself as he pushed his fingers into her cunt for the first time finding it already wet and becoming even more so when he expertly did the things that Amanda had taught him.  His fingers quickly found her clit and he began to tease it and toy with it until it popped out of its hiding place.
                  Lilly was so overtaken by passion now, she just lay there with her legs splayed wide open and moaned loudly offering no resistance to whatever Ryan did to her.  She didn't even mind when he shifted his body to allow the cameras to catch a full and clear view of her gaping cunt that now glistened with pussy juice. 
               Good for the perverts, he thought as he pulled her pussy lips apart so the cameras could catch sight of  her enlarged clit which he continued to gently pull and rub.  Now for the coup de grace, he told himself as he lowered his face into Lilly's cunt and stuck out his tongue to lick and suck at Lilly's clit.
              He had did this numerous times with Amanda and knew how much it had turned her on but he was unprepared for Lilly's reaction.
               At the first touch of his tongue and lips on her over stimulated clit she screamed loudly and tried to escape from Ryan's hungry mouth.  Never in her life had her husband done this to her, even in their most passionate moments.  Their lovemaking had been  mostly the straight vanilla type sex, she realized as she felt Ryan continue to slave away at her pussy despite her best efforts to get away from his mouth that seemed to be devouring her.
            "No, no," she protested between her gasps of excitement as she attempted to avoid his mouth by scurrying backwards the length of the sofa until she was trapped up against the arm and had no place else to go.  This forced her to allow Ryan continue to eat her out and she succumbed to the wild sexual sensations the boy was giving her.  At first she was  trying to pull his face out of cunt and then pushing it in as deep as possible as an orgasm hit her.  The biggest one she had ever had or even imagined.
             The boy was fantastic, unbelievable, she told herself as she tried to get her breath back and come back down to earth.  When Lilly finally landed she saw Ryan still kneeling between her legs and holding them wide so the cameras once again invaded her wide open cunt.
               "Who taught you that," she asked him when she finally was able to talk again.
               "Amanda, she said it was something I should know because all women love it."
                "She was sure right about that, I have never experienced anything like that in my life."
                 Ryan was pleased to hear Lilly tell him how great he was and enjoyed the praise from the older woman who he had only dreamed of being with but now it was time to continue the dream.
                 "Glad you liked it but now I think it's my turn," he told Lilly as he stood up and pointed to the bulge in his underwear.  His erection stretched the fabric of the material and his cock was painfully hard now.
                 "Sure," said Lilly.  "After what you just did, I'll be only too happy to return the favour,"
                  She quickly  reached out, pulled Ryan's underwear down and grasped his cock.  She studied it as she began to frig it.  It was long and hard, the size of a man's and in her eyes, Ryan wasn't a boy anymore but a man.
                  Ryan stood there naked before the cameras as Lilly grasped his cock and slowly began to masterbate him.  As he stood there enjoying the feel of her soft, warm hands on his cock, he looked down at Lilly and relished the role he was now playing.  He felt so in control compared to being with Amanda, like he was now the dominant one and Lilly was the submissive.  
             What also changed, he realized that he had much more control of his sexual needs.  Remembering how quickly he had come during his first night with Amanda.  Now he knew he could hold back the urge to come for a considerably longer time so he let Lilly stroke his cock for several minutes before deciding to press onwards.
               What he had wanted since this whole thing began was a blow job and Amanda's refusal to even consider it made it worse.  But now, being in firm control of Lilly, he decided the time had come to realize his desires.
               "That's it, that's really good," he complimented Lilly as he looked down and watched her hands play with his hard cock.
                 "But you have to do more, kiss and lick it and then take it in your mouth and suck it.  
                Lilly looked up at him, a startled look on her face, but she never relinquished her hold on his hard, erect cock.
                "But I had never done anything like that ever," she said.
                Ryan had the perfect answer.
                 "Don't you want to give me the same pleasure I just gave you," he replied.
                 "Doesn't that seem fair, besides that is what our viewers just love to see."
                  Ryan waited with baited breath, hoping that neither his mother or Amanda had taken the time to fully explain their rules to Lilly.
                  He knew he was in luck when he saw Lilly's head move towards his cock.  He could feel her hot, warm breath on it and then her tongue and lips as she began kissing it.  First it was just a light peck on the head and then her lips and tongue were all over his organ.
                 "Like that,"Lilly asked after several moments of work on his cock.
                 "Yeah, I like that, but now take it into your mouth," Ryan ordered and he fought to stop himself from coming as Lilly obeyed his command.
                 Ryan thought for sure he had died and gone to heaven as Lilly took an inch or so of his cock into her mouth.  Without disturbing her, he managed to swing his body around so the cameras could take in the action a little bit better.
                It was a nice beginning, Ryan thought but now I just got to fuck her.  Still, it was with some reluctance that he pulled himself out of Lilly's mouth.
                "What's the matter, wasn't I good enough,' she asked with a surprised look on her face.
                "No, you did fine, really good for your first try but now we have to fuck for the cameras."        
                  Ryan then lay down on his back on the sofa and beckoned Lilly to climb on top of him which she quickly did.  In no time she had straddled him and lowered herself down onto his huge cock, then she began to bounce herself wildly up and down on him.  
                 Although fucking Amanda had been great, this was much better, he decided as he reached up and seized Lilly's bouncing tits in his hands and began to squeeze them and pull at her long, hard nipples. 
               Ryan knew why too.  It wasn't because Amanda, with her big boobs had a better body.  No, it was more than that.  Amanda always wanted to control him.  She was constantly giving order and demands, leaving him with no doubt that she was running the show but with Lilly things were completely different.  In fact they were the exact opposite because he felt he was in total control of Lilly 
as she was doing his bidding.  Not that it was that difficult for her as she seemed to be enjoying herself since she had let go of her inhibitions.
               Lilly was now screaming out YES, OH MY GOD YES, FUCK ME, as she continued to fuck herself on Ryan's long, hard cock until they both came.  They were both totally wasted as they lay with their sweaty bodies meshed together for several minutes before either one of them could stir.
              When they finally did rouse themselves, Lilly exclaimed "Jesus Christ how did a mere boy like you learn how to fuck like that.  I never had an orgasm like this before.  Your hands, your mouth, your cock are all unbelievable.  You must be possessed by the devil.  It is impossible for someone your age to turn on a woman so much."
             Ryan laughed as he basked in her praise.  A few weeks ago all he could do was day dream and whack off as he thought about fucking very pretty grown women like Amanda and Lilly and now he was doing it on a regular basis.  Not only that, but here was Lilly, a woman almost twice his age praising his abilities.
               "Well Amanda gave me some lessons," he replied with a big smile on his face, "and I guess I learned pretty quick.  She said I had to if we wanted to make money making these movies."
                "Yes. You learned very quick, you must have been her star pupil," Lilly laughed  as she bent down and give  him a quick kiss on the lips.  "But now I have nothing to teach you."
              "Sure there is," Ryan laughed.  
               "After all I am still a mere boy and you are a very beautiful woman so I bet there are a few things you can show me."
                Conversation over, they went up to Lilly's bedroom together to take a shower before crawling into her bed where Ryan fucked her again before both of them fell into an exhausted sleep.