Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter One: Two Sisters in Need of Their Brother's Seed
Summary: The son of Las has two sisters in need of his seed!
Keywords: Msolo HF mff inc bond 1st oral facial creampie voy

Copyright: 2020

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Las, God of Lust  The Aquamarine Palace

The storm howled around the Aquamarine Palace. It never ended. It always gusted and swirled about the floating home of the lesbian goddesses, Vedr and Throwia. The wind shrieked through the open window, a piercing scream that resounded through the ears of Las, God of Lust.

The Chains of Stone, manacles carved out of the bones of the world, bound the God spread eagle to a wall made of blue stone. It felt smooth against his back. Mother-of-pearl glittered across the floor, the scintillating play of rainbows dancing in the flash of lightning flooding through the window. 

The God of Lust growled, his cock needing to erupt. He hadn't had an orgasm in so long. He needed to cum. He needed to erupt. He was Lust given flesh. The chains clinked as he fought to break them.

None could snap the links. Not even Pater, the Father of All, had escaped these chains. They were unbreakable. Las was trapped. A prisoner to the mercies of the two Goddesses. His hand flexed in the cuffs while he drank in the feel of the cool wall on his back and ass.

It was stimulation. Blessed, wonderful stimulation. He could cum from anything. He just needed time.

The coral doors slid open and Throwia, Goddess of Suffering, sauntered in. She had a cruel look on her face, her eyes smoldering with delight. She was naked, her body curvy and sultry. Her tongue flicked over her lips as she approached.

Daughter, Las said, grinning with a lusty eye at the Goddess. Familial bonds didn't mater to lust. To Las. Hungry for more of my cum? I know you crave it. Your pretty wife cant give you everything you need.

Father, she said with mock delight, why, if you just give me what I want, I would gladly lie with you. You could father more demons to spread suffering throughout the world.

Las gave a mocking sigh. I'm afraid that your pussy, as delightful as it is, Daughter, is not worth what you're asking.

Fury flashed across her face. Not worth it?

I mean, I've had it before. And better.

She grabbed his cock. Squeezed. The pain made him groan in delight. Pleasure could be found down so many paths. The God of Lust's dick throbbed in his daughter's grip. He smiled at. Disgust flicked across her face.

Then she stroked him. She teased his cock, building that ache at the tip of his dick. His nuts, always brimming with cum, drank it in. She pressed her breasts against his naked chest. She leaned in and nibbled on his ear.

Does Vedr like it when you do that? he asked. His daughter had married Vedr, Goddess of Weather. To get permission from Pater, Throwia had chained him up and refused to release him until he gave his blessing. 

He relented. Las would not.

How do you make her cum, Daughter? he asked. Do you lick her pussy slowly. Do you tease her? Make her suffer until she's begging for her orgasm.

Throwia hissed and ripped her hand from her father's cock. You are not going to orgasm ever until you give me what I want.

You can go fuck yourself, daughter, Las said. Lust is not something that can be controlled. You can chain it up. Bottle it. Repress it. But it always explodes out in ways you can't control.

I will go fuck myself, she said in delight. Because you're certainly not. She rubbed the tip of his cock.

He sucked in a deep breath, on the verge of cumming. She sensed his need and laughed. She whirled and strolled out of the room. He groaned, that ache building and building. Three years tied up. Three years without cumming. 

He rubbed his back into the wall. He drank in the cool sensation on his skin and focused it on the tip of his cock.

Las erupted.

His cum spurted from his dick and soared to the window. Three blasts made it, the others splattering the walls and floor. He could feel his seed landing in the sea. On contact, new life was birthed. Three new daughters born. His seed was so virile. So powerful, new life could be created almost anywhere. A single-sex race obsessed with all the vagaries of fucking and lust.

Will they find him? wondered the God of Lust as his three daughters, mermaids all, swam through the sea.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis  Coral Isle, Jyou Sea

They're doing it, Lasla said, grabbing my hand and pulling me and my twin sister along behind her. Right now.

Who? I asked. Doing what?

Our mothers, Lasla gasped. She threw a look around at me. Right now.

Lasla's black hair swept about her face, the silvery highlights gleaming across the glossy locks. Her tan face was half-hidden in shadows. The moon shined full tonight. Bright. Not a cloud in the sky. It painted across the palm trees that rustled outside of the hut.

They're making love on the beach, Lasla added as she kept pulling us along.

My dick twitched at that. At fourteen, it grew hard all the time. It ached. I masturbated it when I could, but it never felt like enough. And I was almost always hard. I was the only male on the island. The only person without breasts and a pussy. I was different from every other member of my family.

I was like our father.

Should we be going out? asked my twin sister, Pyrriah. She looked identical to Lasla, their tan faces holding the same cheekbones and lips, the same dainty noses, but my twin had fiery hair. Bright red, different from everyone else's on my family's island. Her hand clutched mine. I mean, they wanted privacy, right. That's why they're on the beach.

But don't you want to watch? moaned Lasla. Her body trembled. The grass skirt she wore rustled about her thighs. The band of leaves wove to cover her growing breasts jiggled. Her eyes flashed silver with excitement. Don't you want to see them? What if Mother Azuliana takes her other form. Don't you want to see what your mother looks like in all her glory?

She vowed never to take that form to Mother Sianili, Pyrriah gasped. Right, Kurtis?

I nodded.

Well, they're still doing it! Lasla hissed. Mother Azuliana has the only other cock on the island. She might be making us a new sister with my mother.

Though Lasla didn't have the same mother as Pyrriah and me, she had the same father. We were all born at the same time, were practically triplets. Sianili was Lasla's mother while Azuliana was Pyrriah's and mine. Our father wasn't around. He had come to the island where we lived and spent one night of passion with our mothers. They always smiled when they talked about it.

I suppose it made sense. He was a god. Las. 

Lasla led us past the smokehouse, a hut where we smoked fish caught from the sea. None of our other sisters were up and about. We had two others, both older than us. Sianili and Azuliana were both their mothers. We entered the jungle around the clearing our family lived in. The palm trees rose over our heads. Flowering pink lokelani bushes dotted the path. Our bare feet crossed the hard-packed, sandy trail as it wound to the coral lagoon by our house.

I could hear the sounds of women moaning. My dick throbbed in my breechcloth made of coconut fibers. The heat swelled in me at the noises. Those were naughty sounds. The type of sounds two women making love would make.

They really are doing it, Pyrriah hissed in delight.

Yes, groaned Lasla. It makes my blood on fire. Makes me want to do it, too. I'm getting so juicy. Aren't you, Pyrriah?

My twin sister nodded, her red hair swaying. Her fiery hue stood out from everyone eles's.

Juicy? I asked, confused. It just made me hard.

Our pussies, Lasla said. It's making our pussies wet. Now let's be quiet. We don't want my mother to hear us.

Mother Sianili had sharp ears. She was a sylph, a creature of air. She could feel the currents sweeping around her. There always seemed to be a breeze playing with her fine-white hair. 

We crept forward up the small berm covered in grass that lay before the beach. We fell on our bellies, the three of us wiggling up to the crest. I had my sisters on either side of me as we peeked over the top to gaze out at the lagoon.

The waters sparkled with a frothy, glowing blue. It twinkled in the moonlight. Waves lapped up against the beach. The sand appeared silver tonight. I was so aware of my twin sister pressed on my side as my gaze found our mothers.

Lasla scooted closer to me.

I thought about them a lot when I played with myself. My twin more than Lasla, but not by much. They were both so beautiful and made me feel these powerful needs to just grab them and put my cock in them like mother did with Sianili.

Look, Lasla groaned. They're doing it.

Sianili knelt on her hands and knees on the sand, her white hair dancing around in a flurry of breeze that seemed to touch only her. She was a slender woman, her breasts small mounds. An elegant and graceful beauty with yellow eyes and motherly smiles. She always had a warm hug and a greeting kiss on the cheek or forehead.

My mother, Azuliana, knelt behind Sianili, and was thrusting her clit-dick into the sylph's pussy. My mother could control when she had a cock. She could make it come and go, expanding it out into a big dick or shrinking it down to a little clit. Unlike me, she didn't have to have hers all the time. She also didn't have balls.

Testicles.

Those annoying things that I had to be careful with. Getting kicked there once by Layla as a child taught me that lesson. But that was what made me male and everyone else female. Supposedly, beyond our island, was a world of males and females. Of races that had both sexes and other species, born of my father's seed, who only had one.

Mother's big tits heaved as she thrust her girl-dick into Sianili's cunt. I groaned, watching my mother thrust away. Her blue hair swept around her face while the moonlight made her pale skin almost glow. Only Layla, Pyrriah, and myself were tanned. Another gift from our divine father.

Oh, that's so hot, groaned Lasla. She squirmed on the grass beside me. Mother Azuliana is really driving her cock deep into my mother's pussy.

Mmm, groaned Pyrriah. It must feel amazing. Mother Sianili is just gasping and moaning.

So is our mother, I groaned, grinding my hard cock into the ground beneath me. It ached more than it ever had in my life. I wanted to sneak away and relieve myself. Pump my hands up and down my cock until I exploded.

But it was also so exciting watching Mother's big tits heave as she thrust her girl-cock into Sianili's pussy. I liked breasts. All the tits of my family were exciting. Small breasts like Sianili had. Round breasts like Lasla, Pyrriah, and our sister Iliasa possessed. And big tits like the ones that graced Mother and our eldest sister Frelia. 

I groaned as I watched Mother's heave. They were hypnotic. My blood raced as our mothers moaned and gasped, their passion mixing with the sound of the sea washing up on the shore. The waves crashed with the same intensity as our mothers' bodies came together.

Cock into pussy.

My dick throbbed.

Azuliana, my love! Sianili gasped. Yes, yes, work that cock in and out of my pussy! Ooh, I want your cum in me! Pump me full of your dragon-seed!

My mother was a dragon. Well, a half-dragon. She had a naiad mother which made her different. I didn't quite know what that meant. There was so much beyond our island that I didn't know about. We had to stay here. It wasn't safe out there.

People hated Mother for being a dragon. 

I didn't see why. She was amazing.

I'm going to cum, my windy wisp! Mother howled. She thrust her hips forward. She buried to the hilt in Sianili's cunt and cried out in ecstatic delight.

Memories of my own eruption of white seed shot through me. How it pumped out of my cock. The way the pleasure slammed into my mind. How it made me reel in delight. How this amazing heat would pump through me and make me see stars.

Mother looked like she was having just as much fun. Her breasts heaved, Sianili moaned, too. Her body quivered, the wind whipping at her hair going wild. It danced and spiraled around the sylph's hair.

Oh, my, yes, gasped Pyrriah. Mother Sianili is having a good one.

Right! gasped Lasla. You like rubbing your coochie, too?

Uh-huh, Pyrriah moaned.

Girls do that? I gasped.

We don't have cocks like you do, but we sneak off and rub ourselves, Lasla said. You fire a lot of cum when you do it.

I gasped, You spy on me.

And rub myself. It makes me cum real hard.

My cheeks blazed at that. My dick throbbed even harder. I really, really wanted to slip off into the jungle to be alone. But they knew what I was doing. That I was stroking myself. Embarrassment washed through me.

Mmm, that was good, moaned Mother. She pulled her girl-dick out of Sianili's pussy. It gleamed, soaked in juices.

To my surprise, Sianili turned around and opened her mouth. She sucked on Mother's cock. My eyes bulged at the sight. It was something I had never even considered. Never imagined. She bobbed her head, sliding her lips up and down Mother's cock.

Suck off all those pussy juices, purred Mother, her large breasts swaying. You drenched my cock.

Oh, wow, Pyrriah gasped. I didn't... I mean... Wow.

Right, Lasla said. Our sister squirmed. Want to do it to Kurtis's cock?

Suck on it? my twin asked.

Lasla nodded, delight in her eyes. What do you say, brother? Want your naughty sisters to suck on your cock and make you cum like Mother Azuliana?

The idea was so wild. So naughty. It made my dick ache like nothing had in my life. I groaned and nodded my head. This heat swept out of me. This couldn't be happening. They would touch it? Like our mothers touched each other?

Wasn't that incest? A crime?

I know, Lasla purred as if she could read my mind. Sometimes, it felt like she had also shared the womb with Pyrriah and me. Incest. That makes it hotter. Our father would be so happy with us. Ooh, he would just love it if we did naughty things together.

He would? I asked, my dick throbbing.

I mean... Pyrriah snuggled closer. I've always loved you, Kurtis. I've always dreamed of us being together.

Don't leave me out of it, Lasla cooed. We're your sisters, Kurtis. Who better to suck your cock?

Yeah, I said, my dick throbbing. Yeah, that's right. It felt so correct as I said it out loud. They were my sisters. I was so hard. I wanted more than anything to spurt my white seed into their mouths. To have my orgasm. Let's go.

I crawled back down the slope, not wanting our mothers to catch us. My sisters moved with me. Then we were standing up. They clung to me, Pyrriah on my right, Lasla on my left. They pressed their bodies tight. I could feel their breasts pressing into me through the woven bands of fronds they wore over their round tits. They were both so beautiful. Nearly identical save for their hair color.

Oh, brother, we're going to suck your cock, so good, Lasla cooed. I've been practicing.

You have? Pyrriah gasped. On what?


Bananas. She grinned. I mean, they're not as straight or thick, but they're close enough.
Pyrriah giggled. I didn't even know you could suck one. I just thought he would slide into my coochie and make me feel so good.

What would it be like in her coochie? Like my hand but... wetter? They said they got juicy. I had so much to learn.

I boldly marched them off the trail towards a little clearing I knew of. We pressed through the brush. We'd have plenty of privacy. It was where I liked to go to stroke one out. None of my sisters came here. 

I hope Frelia is sleeping, I muttered. If she caught us, she'd run straight to our mothers.

Don't let her stop you, said Lasla. You're the man on the island, Kurtis.

Pyrriah nodded, her eyes bright.

So it's your job to stand up to girls, Lasla continued. To be big and strong like one of the heroes in Mother's stories. Like Thrak.

But he was just helping Lady Angela out, I gasped. She was the true hero.

But Thrak had all those muscles and was so big and powerful. Lasla pressed her tit, through her breast band, into my arm. Just like you're becoming. I can tell. You already have those muscles. So hard. Not soft at all.

Mmm, so strong, cooed Pyrriah.

Really? I asked, a big grin splitting my lips.

So strong, cooed Lasla. Makes me so wet when I see you out working, your muscles flexing beneath your tan skin.

Your body gleaming with sweat, moaned Pyrriah. I have to go rub my coochie every time.

Delight thrilled through me. I had no idea.

You're handsome, brother. Layla cooed. That's why we have to do things with you.

Like suck my cock, I said, grinning. We reached the clearing. I want that. On your knees and suck my cock.

Yes! Pyrriah moaned. She sounded excited that I had given her an order. She darted in and kissed me on the mouth.

This was no sisterly kiss. This was a kiss like the one our mothers shared. It was hot and exciting. Her tongue darted through my mouth. She swirled it around, stirring me up. My dick twitched and throbbed as I felt her body against mine. She felt so delicious. So soft and wonderful. She had this aroma around her. Tangy and exciting.

Then she broke it and Lasla swept in. She kissed me with greedy hunger. Her tongue brushed my lips like she was inviting me in. I thrust my tongue into her mouth, tasting how sweet she was. She sucked on it which made my dick ache and throb. Heat rushed through my body. A wild swirl that had me dizzy.

I groaned and panted, chest heaving. Lasla grinned at me. Then she dropped her knees. Pyrriah was already down there. It felt so amazing standing over my sisters. I rested my hands on their black and red hair, savoring the feel of them.

They grabbed my breechcloth and pulled it down. I groaned as my cock popped out. It bobbed before me, hard and aching, just ready for them to do naughty things to it. To suck on it the way Sianili had with mother's girl-cock.

Oh, wow, Pyrriah moaned. Her hand grabbed my dick. I gasped at the feel of her touching me. It was so different from my own hand. She stroked up and down me. That's amazing. He's so warm but he's not as hard as I thought. I mean, he's a little spongy.

But still so erect, groaned Lasla. She, too, sounded awed by the sight of my hard cock. Then her hand joined our sister's. Ooh, he throbs. Is that his heartbeat?

Yes, I groaned, their hands feeling amazing. Theirs were so much softer than my own, their fingers more delicate. I smiled at the feel of them caressing me. They both beamed up at me, too, their eyes sparkling in the moonlight. This was so exciting.

Amazing, even.

My sisters both leaned in and kissed the sides of my cock. Lasla's lips felt a little bolder. Hers had a slight nibble to them. I shuddered, this intense pleasure shooting down my cock to my balls. I groaned, savoring the feel of their lips. It was sensual. Way better than masturbation.

Lasla's tongue flicked out and caressed across my crown. She brushed Pyrriah's lips. This was even more exciting. All this lust and passion swept through me. I couldn't believe this was truly happening to me.

Now, Lasla said, feverish heat in her eyes, we want to get his crown nice and wet before we slide him into our mouths.

He's so big, cooed Pyrriah. Will he fit.

Hopefully, Lasla said and winked up at me.

I felt like such a stud. So powerful having my two sisters playing with my cock. Loving it. Complimenting it. I grinned as they both fluttered their tongues over my crown. They brushed each other. Lips caressed as they bathed my dick's tip. They were almost kissing.

That was as exciting as what they were doing to my cock. My balls grew tense. I shuddered, so shocked by how great this felt. I could erupt at any moment, but that meant I wouldn't get to feel this any longer.

So I forced down that urge to erupt, wanting this to last. Mother didn't erupt the moment Sianili swallowed her girl-cock. I could do that much. My chest rose and fell as my sisters caressed their tongues over me, sweeping around my dick. Teasing me.

It was amazing. They fluttered their tongues. They caressed over my cock, stroking me. They delivered such wonderful bliss to me. I groaned, savoring the rapture that my two sisters' tongues showered across my dick. I grinned down at them. 

Stared at identical faces loved my cocks.

Now, Lasla moaned, watch your teeth and do this. She pushed her lips over my crown.

I groaned as she engulfed the tip of my cock in her mouth. It was heaven. My dick twitched and throbbed. This pleasure spilled through me. A heady rush shot through my body as she nursed on me. My chest rose and fell.

I let out a throaty groan. The heat suffused my dick as my sister loved my cock. She slid more of it into her mouth. Pyrriah watched on in awe. Lasla sucked. I gasped as the pressure shot straight to my balls.

It almost erupted out of me.

Las's amazing cock! I groaned, something I'd heard our mothers moaning in their hut before. Lasla! That's... that's amazing.

It looks amazing, Pyrriah moaned. Is she sucking on you?

Yes! I panted. And her tongue is moving. She's so warm and wet.

Lasla slid her mouth off with a wet plop. Spittle spilled down her chin as she gasped, Your turn, Pyrriah.

My red-haired twin grabbed my cock with her eager hand. She stared up at me, her eyes dewy with delight. Then she pressed her lips on the tip. They slowly slid over them. I stared into her blue eyes, loving how they reflected the moonlight. 

Her mouth felt warmer than Lasla's. I shuddered as, for a moment, I thought her hair glowed a bright red. It must have been the moonlight or just the pleasure of her mouth sucking and nursing on me. She swirled her tongue around my cock, teasing me.

Yes, yes, yes, Lasla moaned. Ooh, that's it, sister. Mmm, suck him.

Lasla reached down and undid the knot holding her band of woven leaves together. The rustling cloth fell away to reveal her naked breasts. They had a perkiness that swayed in the moonlight, her nipples hard.

She winked at me then reached to Pyrriah's chest. I couldn't see, but I could hear the rustling. My twin sister sucked even harder on my cock. She nursed on me with hunger that sent pleasure shooting down to my nuts. 

A heat that swept out of my body. I groaned, throwing back my head. My sister sucked with hunger on my dick. Her tongue danced around it while her tits sprang free. I wanted to see those, too, but with her head bobbing. Then more rustling as Lasla undid hers and Pyrriah's grass skirts.

They were naked.

My turn, Lasla said, her hands rubbing at her titties.

Pyrriah pulled her mouth off my cock, panting. As Lasla swallowed my cock, Pyrriah moaned, You tasted so good. This salty stuff was coming out of your cock.

Yeah, yeah, that always happens, I moaned. It comes before my cum. Helps me stroke my cock better.

Lasla's tongue swept over the crown of my cock. She moaned, this humming sound buzzing around my dick. I gasped at it. The pressure in my balls was getting too much for me to handle. It wouldn't be long before I was erupting. 

My sister sucked with such passion. Pyrriah watched, her hands kneading her tits. They were gorgeous, round and identical to Lasla's. I wanted to play with them. Both of their tits. To explore their boobs. The heat swelled through me.

I wanted to hold out, I did, but as Lasla popped her mouth off to pass the cock off to Pyrriah, I erupted.

Las's amazing cock! I gasped as I spurted jizz.

The cum fired from my cock. It splashed across their faces. They both gasped in shock as my jizz splattered their features, painting over their delicate cheekbones and noses. Lasla opened her mouth wide and stuck out her tongue, moaning in delight as my jizz splashed on her mouth.

Pyrriah swept her tongue out, collecting my jizz that had landed on her lips. I groaned as the pleasure slammed through me. It felt even better than when I jerked myself off. The pleasure spilled across my thoughts. It set my mind ablaze.

I reveled in it. I loved every moment of spurting on my sister's identical faces. The pleasure flowed through me. I groaned, sucking in deep breaths. I panted, the heat surging through me. It was amazing to experience.

An absolute treat.

I could just enjoy this for the rest of my life. I grinned as the pleasure wreathed through my mind. It blazed across my thoughts. Just the absolute best thing in the world. I groaned, loving this rapture spilling across my mind.

Las's cock! I panted. Wow, that was great.

It was, moaned Lasla. She pushed Pyrriah down and licking at her face. My twin sister groaned. She squirmed on the ground. Her thighs parted. She had a fiery bush that soaked her thighs, half-hiding her pussy lips.

The sight of Lasla and Pyrriah licking my cum off each other's faces kept me hard. I throbbed, aching for more. I looked at Pyrriah's pussy. That was where my cock belonged. In my sister. Spilling my seed in her.

Even making a baby in her the way our divine father made us in our mothers. This heat swept through me. This throbbing, incestuous ache. The fact Pyrriah and I shared the same womb, that Lasla was practically our triplet, only made this more exciting.

I moved between Pyrriah's thighs. I pressed my cock into her bush. I slid through her curly hairs to find her hot cuntlips. She gasped. Lasla pulled her head away. She stared down at me pressing my cock into our sister's bush.

Go for it, moaned Lasla. Take her cherry. Make her into a woman.

Yes, yes! Pyrriah moaned. Please, please, Kurtis. Take my cherry. I want my brother to be in me.

Then you're getting my coochie, Lasla said and leaned down. She kissed Pyrriah on the mouth.

I groaned as their tongues danced, my cum dribbling down their faces. This was the delight my father had with our mothers. He had taken them both, fucking them, enjoying them on that very beech where we'd watched them tonight.

Las, God of Lust, was my father. His passion suffused through my veins. I could feel it. I wanted my sisters. I ached for them. As they kissed, I pushed my cock forward until I felt those wet pussy lips brushing against me.

I pushed harder on her. I felt something in the way. A stretchy barrier. Her maidenhead. I pushed and pushed on her, just like Chaun the Bard did the night he took his Lady Shaman's virginity. I didn't relent. 

Pyrriah could take it.

Her cherry popped. She gasped. Moonlight flashed bright red across her hair, almost a fiery glow. My cock plunged into the amazing heaven of her pussy. The heat of her cunt engulfed me. Silky. Wet. Tight. It was unlike anything I had ever experienced. 

My sister's pussy felt amazing. I reveled in it as I went deeper and deeper into her cunt. I proved into her depths, savoring every inch I slid into her. Her cunt squeezed about me. This fantastic delight that would sweep over me. Consume me with incestuous rapture.

Kurtis! she gasped, breaking the kiss with Lasla.

Wow, Pyrriah, I groaned, savoring her pussy squeezing around me. You're incredible. You feel amazing.

Mmm, I can't wait, Lasla moaned. She sat beside us rubbing at her pussy. She had this feverish look in her eyes. Make love to our sister, Kurtis. Make her cum on that big dick of yours.

I grinned at her and then darted in and kissed Lasla on the mouth. She shuddered against me. Her tongue danced with mine while Pyrriah's pussy clenched about my dick. She wiggled her hips, stirring her cunt around my big and throbbing cock.

I would spill so much spunk into her. 

I broke the kiss with Lasla and stared down at Pyrriah. She still had my cum staining her face. That looked so sexy. Made her seem so hot. Her pussy felt molten around my cock. Her toned thighs gripped me.

She pulled me down to her. Her round breasts pressed into my chest. She squirmed beneath me, this wild delight in her eyes. A big grin spilled across her lips as she clenched her cunt around my dick. A smoky heat appeared in her blue eyes.

Make love to me, brother, she purred. It feels so right. We shared the same womb. We came into the world together.

The three of us did, I said. Lasla might have a different mother, but they had given birth at nearly the same moment. 

Yes! Lasla moaned, pressing up against me. She rubbed her breasts into my side. And don't you ever forget that. She licked my ear. Mmm, you're going to have so much fun with us. Now, spill all that seed in our sister. She needs it.

Pyrriah nodded her head. 

I grinned and drew back. She gasped, her thighs squeezing around me. I groaned at the tight grip of her pussy. Her silky sheath massaged my cock. My sister's twat felt amazing wrapped around my cock. The pressure surged down to my balls. They had plenty of cum for her to enjoy.

Lasla pulled my left hand between her thighs. She rubbed me against her hot flesh. She worked my fingers through her silky curls. I groaned at the hot delight of her cunt. Her pussy melted across my digits.

Mmm, make her explode, purred Lasla as she gripped my hand and worked my fingers across her pussy lips.

I will, I groaned, thrusting harder and faster into Pyrriah.

I reveled in the feel of her cunt around me. It was exquisite. She made such delightful sounds as I pumped away at her. When I drove my cock into her, she whimpered. Her pussy clenched around my dick. She held me tight while I penetrated her snatch over and over again.

The pleasure flooded down my shaft to my balls. The bliss spilled over my nuts. I groaned, pumping away with power. My balls smacked into her. She groaned and shuddered beneath me. Her breasts rubbed into my chest.

Oh, Kurtis, yes! she moaned. Mmm, ram that big dick into my cunt. Fuck me over and over again. You're so big. I love you in me, brother!

Yes, yes, make her cum! whimpered Lasla, her pussy hot against my fingertips. I stroked her now as I buried into our sister's twat. I want her milking out your cum into her pussy. Then I'm going to lick her clean.

You are? gasped Pyrriah.

Mother Azuliana does that after cumming in my mother's pussy, whimpered Lasla. I've seen her just licking out all her dragon-cum.

Oh, wow, I groaned, wanting to see my sisters licking each other clean. I thrust harder.

Kurtis! squealed Pyrriah. Her pussy clenched around me. Oh, wow, do you want to see that? Does that excite you?

Yes! I panted, burying my cock deep and hard into her pussy. I want to see that so bad. That will be so hot!

Yes, yes, yes! Lasla moaned. I'm going to lick you clean, sister dearest. Just lap out all of our brother's cum from your pussy.

Lasla! Pyrriah moaned, her twat squeezing so hot around my dick.

The ache built and built at the tip of my cock. It wasn't just the silky pussy massaging me, but also the dirty words that Lasla said. They inflamed me. They drove me towards that explosive eruption. I would fire so much spunk into my sister's pussy.

I pumped faster and faster into her. I plunged my cock into her over and over again. I rubbed at Lasla's pussy. Her flesh grew hotter, my finger stickier. She moaned and trembled beside us. Then she darted in and licked at Pyrriah's face. She gathered up a line of cum.

Then my redheaded twin turned her head. Their lips met in a kiss. Their tongues danced together. I groaned, thrusting hard into my sister's pussy. I buried into her with powerful strokes. The pleasure surged through me. 

I built and built towards that explosive release. I was so close to it now as I watched them kiss. I rubbed at Lasla's pussy and buried my cock into Pyrriah's cunt again and again. My twin whimper and moaned.

Then she squealed and broke the kiss with our sister. Kurtis! she howled while her pussy suddenly writhed around my cock. Oh, Kurtis! Yes, yes!

What's going on? I gasped, pumping away at her spasming twat. Your pussy is going crazy about my cock.

She's cumming! Lasla moaned. Pump your seed into her, brother! Her thighs clamped around my hand, pinning me to her pussy. Do it!

Yes! squealed Pyrriah.

I felt her pussy writhing and spasming around me, sucking at me. The pressure in my balls soared to such immense height. There was no stopping what was about to happen if I wanted it to. I groaned and thrust forward. I buried to the hilt in my sister's cunt. 

I erupted.

Las's amazing cock! I moaned as I flooded my sister's pussy with my jizz.

Oh, Kurtis, that's so wonderful! Pyrriah moaned, her hair glowing red now. That wasn't the moonlight. The crimson flared bright as her pussy milked me.

Yes! Lasla moaned. Her body trembled. Then juices soaked my hand while she moaned. Pump our sister full of your seed, Kurtis!

I am!

The pleasure slammed into my mind. The bliss blazed through my body with each eruption. It was my best orgasm yet. My thoughts felt pummeled by the ecstasy. The rapture surged through me. I swayed from the euphoria surging across my thoughts. 

Gods damn, I groaned as I spurted the last of my seed in her. Pyrriah.

Kurtis! she moaned, her hair dying down. Why did that happen? 

She kissed me before I could ask. She clung to me while Lasla squirmed beside us, her pussy juices soaking my fingers. She squirmed beside us. My dick throbbed in Pyrriah's pussy. I remembered what Lasla said. Wanted.

I had to be in her, too. 

I wrenched my hand from her pussy and rose from Pyrriah's embrace. My cock slid out of her coochie. Then I moved over to Lasla. She spread her thighs, her black bush soaked, her eyes burning with delight. With the same feverish heat I felt.

Pyrriah rose and then straddled her face. Like this, right. You want to lick me clean, Lasla.

Yes, yes, sit that coochie on my face. I want to love you both! Lasla grabbed my cock and pulled me to her pussy.

Then Pyrriah settled her pussy on Lasla's face. I shuddered. It was so hot knowing that one sister licked my cum out of the other sister's pussy. Pyrriah's face lit up with delight. She squirmed on Lasla's mouth.

Then my cock pressed into that silky, wet bush. I groaned at the heat of her pussy lips. I felt her hymen. I had to be in her. I pressed forward as I stared into Pyrriah's bright, blue eyes. She had such a huge grin on her face.

That's it, she moaned. Just slide into her and love her. Just like you loved me.

She grabbed my hands and cupped my face. She rubbed her nose into mine and then kissed me hard on the lips. As her tongue thrust into my mouth, I rammed my cock forward. Lasla's maidenhead tore with ease.

I buried to the hilt in my second sister's pussy. I groaned into Pyrriah's lips as I slid deeper and deeper into Lasla's cunt. Her coochie engulfed me. That wonderful, amazing heat surrounded me. I groaned in delight, kissing my sister with passion.

Her cunt felt amazing about my cock. I slid deeper and deeper. She felt just like Pyrriah. Hot and tight and so wonderfully silky. It was heaven bathing my dick. My sisters were both heavenly. Both demigoddesses.

I kissed Pyrriah with more hunger as I drew back my cock. Lasla squealed, her voice muffled by sisterly cunt. Lasla's twat clung to me. Her pussy massaged my dick, sending bliss shooting down to my balls.

I reveled in this. I thrust forward. I plunged my shaft deep into my sister's cunt again. Her twat wrapped around me. She held me so tight. She gripped me with that amazing pussy. I reveled in it. my tongue danced with Pyrriah's.

Yes, yes, work that cock in and out of me! moaned Lasla. I want to feel your cum in me.

Pyrriah broke the kiss to moan, Yes, yes, flood her. She grinned. Then I can lick her clean because, Kurtis, her tongue feels so good in me.

Yeah? I groaned, thrusting into Pyrriah's pussy. Does it? Mmm, I bet you're going to cum so hard.

I am! she moaned. But not as hard as you made me cum, Kurtis. Her blue eyes fluttered. Your cock felt so amazing in me. It was all my dreams come true.

I grinned at her as I pumped away at Lasla's twat. I buried hard and fast into my sister. I thrust with powerful strokes. My balls smacked into Lasla's flesh. She moaned into Pyrriah's pussy, making my sister gasp.

We were all gasping. Moaning. We were all building towards our orgasms. I could feel it in the air. The pleasure that would be bursting out of us. It would be intense. I groaned, thrusting away hard. Fast. I pumped with passion at her.

My balls grew tighter and tighter. Both my sisters were moaning louder and louder. Pyrriah leaned back, her round tits swayed in as she squirmed atop Lasla's mouth. Pleasure crossed her face. Her red hair danced about her features.

Lasla feasted with hunger. Her lower jaw moved. Her perky breast jiggled. Her thighs gripped me while her pussy held me tight. She massaged my cock, driving me towards my eruption. The pleasure swelled and swelled in my balls.

Gods, yes! I panted, driving into her.

Oh, Lasla, I'm going to cum! moaned Pyrriah. Your tongue feels so nice. Oh, just so nice and... and... Yes!

Pyrriah's hair flared red again as she shuddered. The light spilled around us, so fiery and warm. Her head threw back. Her tits bounced and heaved as she came on Lasla's face. My dick throbbed as I buried into my sister's cunt.

Her pussy clenched around me. Then she gasped out, Breed me, Kurtis! Pump your seed in me and plant a baby in my belly!

What? I gasped as I slammed into her pussy again.

Her cunt went wild around me. Her pussy convulsed. I made my other sister cum now. I groaned as I drew back, her pussy sucking at me. My balls throbbed. I drove back into her, savoring her pussy rippling around me.

Cum in me and breed me, brother! howled Lasla into Pyrriah's pussy.

Breed her, Pyrriah moaned, shuddering through her own pleasure.

I buried into Lasla and gasped. I erupted. My cum fired hot and fast out of my dick. Spurt after spurt of my jizz rushed out of me. Stars danced before me. The bliss surged out of me. I groaned as the ecstasy slammed through me. 

The incestuous rush thrust my thoughts into such heights of ecstasy. My cum boiled out of my cock. My sister's pussy writhed and spasmed around me. Lasla milked me. I groaned, loving every moment of it.

Yes, yes, you're breeding me, brother! she squealed, her pussy milking me dry. 

I fired that last blast of seed into her. Pyrriah swayed and then she spilled off of Lasla. My sister stared up at me, her blue eyes blazing as her pussy wrung my cock dry. My pleasure hit that wild peak of bliss. I hung there for a moment.

Las's amazing cock, I groaned.

Uh-huh, Lasla mewled. That was the best.

Pyrriah whimpered her agreement.

I panted as I pulled out of Lasla's pussy. My sister licked her lips, her face smeared in Pyrriah's pussy juices. A heady rush shot through me while Lasla's words echoed in my mind. What she yelled right there at the end.

You really want me to breed you? I asked. Put a baby in your belly.

Yes! Such joy spread across her face. I want you to breed everyone! Me! Pyrriah. Our mothers. Our other sisters.

Her words shocked me. And excited me. My dick throbbed at the idea of impregnating every woman in our family. But even our mothers? Mine was a dragon. She could have a temper when roused. How would she react?

You're our father's son, Kurtis, Lasla cooed. She grabbed my cock. You need to be like him.

I shivered.

He's a great man. A warrior who loves women. He gives them what they need, Pyrriah said.

Lasla bit her lip. Your sisters need you. Maybe even our mothers. That is what Father would want you to do. Las wants you to take over the family. To be the man.

The idea sparked in my mind. Pyrriah gazed at me with this hopeful look in her eyes. Both my sisters needed me to be strong and dominating. To give them pleasure just like I had now. To give them more. 

To breed them. 

I'll do it, I groaned.

My sisters squealed in delight and threw themselves at me. They peppered me in kisses. I held them against me, my cock growing harder and harder. I had more seed to spill out. I was the son of Las. Would my balls be as ever-flowing as his?

I wanted to find out.

To be continued...