Valentines Gift
by Dick414434

Watching the wife fucked to orgasm.

This is based on another authors idea, apologies to them for the borrowing I can't remember where I first saw it. It was written for couples to enjoy reading together. My wife and I enjoy reading stories together. She lies on her front on the bed, hips raised a little on a pillow with a tablet propped up so we can both read easily. I lay by her side and squeeze her cheeks as we read, slipping a finger into her as the story progresses. We both enjoy stories where a husband watches his wife properly fucked to orgasm. By the end of this story I was kneeling over her raised hips, fully inside her.

Valentine Gift

I wanted to get my wife something really special for Valentine's Day. So one day I'm playing golf with my friend, Jack, and I mention needing a special Valentines present.

"I've got the perfect thing," he said. "You should get her a gift certificate for a massage at one of my spas. Women go crazy for those things. They love to be pampered for a day. And some women get so hot, the full body massage sometimes gets them so relaxed they rush all the way home to their lucky husbands" he laughed.

"How the hell do you know?"

"Security cameras! They're installed in all the massage rooms. I've got screens in a back room and the rooms are wired for sound. Sometimes I sit back there to make sure, you know, there aren't any problems with the therapists."

"Isn't that illegal?"

Jack just laughed. "I'm just protecting my business. I tape the massages in case anything goes too far and somebody complains. Then I know what happened. But, so far, we've certainly had no complaints."

I liked the idea of the massage for Sarah. She had mentioned several times how she wanted to spend a day at one of those spas.

The more I thought about it, the more I liked the idea. I couldn't help but get a slight thrill from the idea of my Sarah being massaged.

I tracked down Jack on his cell phone about mid- morning. "Hey, remember that thing about the massage gift certificate?"

"Yeah, she'll love you forever, man."

"OK, sounds good," I heard myself say. "But what if I want to.. You know, make sure everything is cool?"

Jack laughed on the other end. "Don't worry, it's no problem. Like I said, I've got the whole room wired. You can watch to make sure she's ok, and she won't know you're there."

My plan was to take her to dinner at our favourite restaurant and give her the massage certificate there. As we sat sipping our champagne, I slipped the envelope out of my jacket and slid it over to her.

Sarah's eyes lit up as she opened the card and carefully read the certificate giving her the unlimited three-day pass at the spa.

"How did you know?" she breathed into my ear. "I've always wanted to do this! Oh, I can hardly wait! When can I go?"

I laughed. "You can go whenever you want. Jack said he was going to make sure you got the VIP treatment."

The appointment was set for Tuesday, and I made sure I cleared my schedule for the day so I could be at the spa.

Jack told me to get there ahead of my wife to avoid any chance of running into her, so I left early that morning

When I got to the spa, Jack's wife Jenny was waiting to show me around, Jack had been called to a meeting out of town. I was a little taken aback but Jenny was relaxed and seemed to know all about it.

She led me back to a door marked 'Private - Employees Only'. The room was not really what I expected. There was a big desk set against a wall with five 27-inch screens aligned neatly together. In front of the monitors were mounted several small, expensive looking speakers. A box with a row of knobs and several lighted switches sat on the table in front of two big leather executive chairs.

The room had no windows, but there was some soft track lighting with dimmer switches that could be adjusted.

Jenny settled me into one of the chairs, she flipped a few switches and the TV monitors came to life. I now had an amazing view of the massage rooms. The clarity of the signal was impressive and the cameras were mounted in the perfect position to see anything in the rooms.

"You may have to wait a while. Sarah's probably going to want to take advantage of some of the other areas of the spa before she gets her massage. So I'll leave you to it." She said with a smile as she left.

I suddenly felt excited and strangely aroused. I hadn't expected to get so keyed up so soon, but my mouth was dry when I saw Charlie walk into one of the rooms and start to make some preparations. Charlie left the room and moments later Sarah came in and closed the door. Dressed in a big terrycloth robe, her hair was done up with a clip and her skin seemed to be glowing. She had that flushed look of someone who just got out of the shower.

I watched as she glided over to the table and undid the tie on her robe. She slid it off her shoulders. She gracefully pulled herself up on the table and lay on her stomach. Then she reached back and pulled the sheet back over almost to her neck. She was modestly covered, but the sheet left little to the imagination, moulding itself to every curve and valley. My wife shifted around and settled on the table, placing her face in the opening and resting her arms and hands up above her head. I heard her give one of those contented sighs, there was a light tapping at the door. Sarah raised her head slightly and said, "All set, come in!"

Charlie came into the room and quietly closed and locked the door. He walked over to the CD player and turned down the volume of the lazy music a little, then walked over to the table and gently placed a hand on Sarah's sheet-covered back.

"Hi, my name is Charlie, and I'll be your massage therapist today. How are we treating you so far, Sarah?"

"Heavenly." I heard Sarah's voice, muffled between her arms. "I could really get used to this!"

Charlie chuckled pleasantly as he moved over to the table with the oils. "Hey, the best is yet to come. So is there anything special that you want me to work on today... any areas that have been bothering you?"

Sarah sighed again and said, "No...I've never had a massage before. You're the expert... I'll leave it in your hands."

"OK... you just relax and leave everything to the expert," Charlie laughed as folded the sheet down to expose her lovely back, keeping her ass modestly covered. He moved to the side of the table and began applying firm strokes with both hands up and down the full length of her back.

Charlie worked her entire upper torso, including her neck, shoulders, and arms. Nothing was said between them. A couple of times I noticed Charlie's fingers stray to the sides of her breasts, she made no movement to protest or stop him.

Gradually he moved his way up her legs, kneading and stroking every inch -- past her delicate inner-knees, up to the backs of her thighs. His large hands squeezing and kneading her thighs as he worked the oil into her skin. As he moved upward, his hands began to brush against the sheet -- moving it up little by little with each contact.

Now he was just grazing the hint of perfect, rounded flesh visible beneath the cover. His movements caused her hips to move up and down beneath his grip a little. As he worked the tops of her inner thighs, his hands would move together in between her legs only inches away from her sex.

There was no doubt Sarah was enjoying the sensation. She was clearly awake now and regularly she would sigh and breathe deeply between her arms. I noticed her hips start to move slightly on their own.

Charlie moved around to the side again, and, without a word, folded the sheet over in the middle of her back exposing one entire side of her body. With some fresh oil, he started to work directly on her uncovered buttock, moving his hands in circular motions over the entire soft surface. There was hardly room for both of his hands as his slick fingers started to probe down between her cheeks and legs.

I heard Sarah gasp "Umm...are you sure that's part of the service?" she whispered.

"I'm just getting to the deep tissue areas," Charlie answered softly. "Are you ok?"

"No, yes..just a little embarrassed."

"Don't worry," Charlie chuckled. "I'm a professional. It's all part of my job"

"Oh ok then...," Sarah murmured, as she rested her head back down. She seemed to relax again, and Charlie moved around to the other side and repeated the process -- folding the sheet over and exposing the other cheek.

Charlie started to move his "professional" fingers deeper between her spread thighs with each pass. This time there was no doubt about it. Her hips began a slow grind up and down as one of his hands moved up to stroke her back again while the other stayed busy on her bottom -- gliding around and then dipping down...deeper and deeper each time.

Sarah's breathing began to get heavier with each passing moment. I stirred in the chair as my cock thickened. Charlie's arm movement changed, Sarah began to moan and gasp. Before, his hand had been sliding up and down, now it was moving slightly in and out. The sheet was still covering his hand from my view, but I was certain that he was fingering her.

Charlie slowed down his movements and as he pulled his hand into view it was wet with her arousal.

"Why... why are you stopping?" she almost whimpered.

"We've still got plenty of time, " he said, grinning broadly. "Besides, I need to do your front."

As she turned over I could see how flushed with excitement she was. Sarah was clearly in a state of arousal. Her pink nipples were hard and erect and her breasts heaved as she lay back down.

Charlie moved to the head of the table and started to massage her neck and shoulders. With her arms raised above her head, he had complete access to her upper body. He gently worked around her ears and soft throat, then held up each arm and worked the length of it to her hands.

She had calmed down quite a bit by this time and her breathing was almost normal. Charlie peeled the sheet down to her waist, revealing her lovely breasts.

He started at her collarbone with flat palms and started making circles that progressed down her chest. It didn't take long for his hands to make contact with her breasts, but he danced around them -- never directly touching or even grazing her erect nipples.

Taking his time, Charlie moved all around her well-oiled breasts without giving her the direct contact she was probably dying for by now. Her breathing began to get heavier again and she started to make soft noises in the back of her throat. I could see her start to arch her back as he worked on her.

He moved to the side of the table, and with his palms flat he placed his hands on her stomach and moved them both up and over her breasts -- sliding right across the nipples. Then he moved back down and took both hard little nubbins between his fingers and began to roll them back and forth. I was fully aroused now my cock pushing urgently against my trousers and I was so engrossed with the scene that I did not notice Jenny had quietly come back until she said brightly behind me.

"Everything ok?"

I leapt up and stammered "Yes, fine thanks", trying to hide my raging erection. Jenny just smiled and moved in front of me to adjust the settings, increasing the volume. As she stepped back her buttocks brushed against the bulge of my cock through my trousers and I froze. Jenny didn't seem to notice and stayed in contact as we both watched.

Sarah's hips started to rise off the table and she raised her knees and planted her feet on the table. The sheet had all but fallen clear of her body. Charlie moved his hands lower again, gliding over her stomach. When he reached the sheet he simply pulled it off onto the floor. There was my wife naked.

Jenny leaned back a little seeming not to notice my swollen cock pressing deeper between her cheeks, forcing the thin material of her dress to mould to her buttocks.

"I never knew watching was so ..." I murmured.

"Exciting" Jenny finished as she shifted her feet a little further apart which made her buttocks massage my solid erection deliciously. I rested my hands on her hips and when she made no comment gently pulled her back onto me. Still no comment but she began to rotate her hips slowly.

"Your wife looks really.... relaxed now, doesn't she?" she whispered.

I just groaned and reaching round slid my hand gently down between Jenny's thighs from the front, stroking a fingertip up the furrow of her pussy through her dress.

Charlie moved down to stand at the foot of the table between Sarah's raised knees and wide-spread thighs. He was still making circular motions with his palms as he worked his way lower on her abdomen. His hands were starting to graze the softness between her thighs. She was moving her hips up to meet him as he moved ever lower.

Sliding his hands down to her inner-thighs, Charlie massaged the outside of her pussy lips with his thumbs, still not coming into direct contact. Each movement pulled the slick lips apart and gave a view of her moist opening. Sarah was breathing hard but when Charlie finally slid the side of his hand directly down the full length of her lips, she moaned low in her throat.

"Uhh... Oh, God. Oh, please..

She spread her thighs further as he stroked up the length of her again, moving her hips up and down as he slipped a finger inside. When one thumb moved up and stroked across her clit, my wife began to shake and shudder. She shook her head from side to side, hair spilling out everywhere as the clip came undone.

"Yeeeeessss... Oh, yes......." she breathed beneath his soft, unrelenting touch.

Jenny forced her hand down behind her back and teased the tip of my cock now firmly wedged between her cheeks as I eased her dress up and fingered her first through her panties and then down inside them, trapping her between my solid cock and my teasing fingers. I was so hard, staring over Jenny's shoulder as we both watched the screen and I pulled her back on to me with my hand on her pussy. I stepped back a little and hooked my thumbs over the side of her knickers and drew them down her thighs and then pulled her back against my cock, pressing it between her cheeks and reaching around to tease her exposed pussy lips. She returned her hand to the swollen tip of my cock as we watched my wife pleasured.

"He will fuck her now," breathed Jenny almost to herself, "she'll come in the end, he won't stop until she does."

"You've watched before?"

"Jack makes me watch with him sometimes, he knows I can't help myself, he can make me do anything he wants." She shuddered under my fingers.

Down in the room Charlie stripped off his T-shirt, he hooked his thumbs in his shorts and slowly started to pull them over his hips. Soon the waistband revealed a large, thick, swollen cock.

Jenny stirred against me as he stripped and groaned, "He's so big, so it...."

"Have you... you and Charlie ever.....?

"Uhu... Jack likes to watch.... watch me and Charlie sometimes"

"Does he do this to you?"

"This and more, it drives Jack crazy when he watches Charlie tease me"

"How often has he...?"

"Lately once or twice a week, I couldn't take much more, Jack won't leave me alone for days afterwards."

Sarah lay spread-eagle on the table, her hips were still making small, involuntary movements and her nostrils flared in time with her ragged breathing.

Charlie reached down and pulled her to the edge of the table. He raised her knees up and pushed her soft thighs wide. Reaching down, he took his cock in his hand and started to rub the tip back and forth against her wet lips.

She raised her head and her eyes fluttered open. "No please, I can't do this, I'm married."

"That makes two of us." Charlie murmered as he gazed down at her spread thighs. "Just relax and enjoy. I'm the professional... remember, that's what I'm here for to please you. It's all part of the treatment." Charlie reached one hand down and braced it on the table by Sarah's waist as he started to ease his cock into my wife.

Still recovering from her climax moments earlier, her hips started to react to the intense stimulus. As she closed her eyes again and laid her head back, her hand instinctively reached down to touch the cock slowly sliding into her.

"Please..." she breathed again. "It's too big....."

"I'll go slowly and be very gentle."

Jenny was grinding back hard against my cock as I fingered her and, breathing heavily, she leaned forwards, hands on the desk as I slid my hardness down between her cheeks and placed the tip against her moist lips.

"Does Charlie do this to you, fuck you like this?"

"Oh God yes.. every time, its what Jack likes to watch him do the most."

Back in the massage room Sarah stared down her body, fascinated, her chest heaved as she watched him tease her opening and push himself just inside. He pushed in a little further; then a little further, slowly his cock began to disappear. Charlie took things very slowly, he shifted his weight, and little by little he eased deeper inside.

Sarah was starting to breathe heavily again, and he leaned down and took one her rigid nipples between his lips. Sarah let out a loud, helpless moan and wrapped her hand in his hair, holding his head firmly to her quivering breast.

I slowly slid my rigid cock into Jenny's welcoming flesh, she pushed back firmly as I eased in as deep as I could go.

"So you let Charlie do this do you? I whispered, close to her ear.

"He always does this, he knows I can't resist, he always makes me..." Jenny whimpered.

Charlie hooked his arms underneath Sarah's legs, raising her knees almost to his shoulders and pulling her thighs wide apart. Giving us a clear view of the tip of his cock buried in her.

My cock was twitching and rearing deep inside Jenny as she whispered almost to herself.

"She'll come now, and then he'll turn her over and slide in again from behind. That's what he always does. Jack gets so worked up watching he joins us sometimes."

Sarah moaned again as Charlie slowly pulled his hips back, revealing for a brief moment the tip of his cock we saw that it was slick with her juices before he eased his hips forward and gently pushed back inside. Sarah gave a soft little grunt as he began to rock back and forth -- each time pushing a little more of his hardness inside.

I tried to remember how I got here. A couple of weeks ago this had been the furthest thing from my mind. Now I was incredibly aroused as I watched the wildly erotic display. My mind whirled with different erotic images.

"Both Jack and Charlie... at the same time?"

My hand on her sex as I teased her pussy lips with my fingertips with my cock fully embedded in her.

Jenny sighed, writhing on my cock, my finger teasing her slick lips. "Yes.... they make me.... make me do such...."

Charlie had established a rhythm now with long, smooth strokes. He was beginning to breath heavily too and his tanned body was gleaming with sweat. I watched his buttocks flex as his glistening cock slid almost completely in and out -- appearing and disappearing inside her with each thrust.

"Ahhhh... Ahhhh... Ahhh." Sarah began a steady chant in time with his even strokes. She laid her head back on the table, but her hands clutched and grabbed at his arms -- still holding up her legs. She began raising her hips to meet his thrusts and I realised she had taken him all. Now his balls began to make a soft slapping sound against her ass with each down stroke.

"I'm in as deep as...how does it feel?" Charlie whispered as he relentlessly eased in and out... in and out.

Sarah could barely answer "Uhh... ohh.. It feels, sssooo... ssoooo.. I've... never fff... felt... so... full" We could hear every sound in the room including the soft wet sounds as he slid into her.

Charlie withdrew his glistening cock from my wife and turned her over on the edge of the table. He spread her thighs with his knees and slid his cock back slowly inside her, between her rounded buttocks while my wife slowly, helplessly rotated her hips on the tip. Charlie slid easily in her wetness until he was tight against her buttocks, fully, deeply inside.

I was so excited I could hardly breath as Jenny writhed harder between my teasing fingers and solid cock. "Please... if you keep moving I'll come." I pleaded

Jenny moaned "I can't help it, fuck me while we watch her taken like..."

We both watched as Charlie's glistening cock reappeared and disappeared slowly, sliding easily in an out, bisecting Sarah's rounded buttocks.

"What do they make you do Jenny?" I had to know.

"Please... please don't make me.." She whimpered.

Sarah was being slowly, relentlessly fucked. Charlie was easing out until only the swollen head was still engaged and then smoothly burying his whole cock in her. She raised her hips to meet his every deep thrust and began to rotate her hips when he was fully inside.

I couldn't stop myself sliding in and out of Jenny's welcoming pussy even though I knew it would quickly take me over the edge.

I eased Jenny's shoulders up and made her stand again with my cock still deep within her so that our movements were restricted.

"Tell me." I whispered in Jenny's ear.

Jenny groaned helplessly and whispered brokenly

"Charlie fucks me like he's fucking her now and I have to use my hands and lips on Jack while he watches. They both tease me..... they take turns to..... until I can't stand any more and I.... I come so hard."

Down in the room the solid table rocked beneath them as Sarah arched her back to allow Charlie deeper access. We all knew she was close again and Charlie began to change his movements -- rotating and grinding his hips sometimes, as Sarah rose to meet his every thrust. Jenny and I, unconsciously began to match their rhythm, when Charlie was deeply embedded in Sarah I was fully inside Jenny's wetness, I withdrew when he withdrew and slid firmly back in as he did. Jenny pushed back when I drove in, my cock felt huge and hard. None of us could withstand the intense stimulation for long and Sarah and Jenny began a long shuddering climax almost together, Sarah's triggering Jenny. We watched as Sarah's thighs spasmed helplessly as Charlie continued to fuck her through her orgasm, she moaned deep in her throat and little tremors ran up and down her thighs as her sex repeatedly contracted hard on his cock.

Charlie bent down and kissed her neck tenderly, still fully embedded in her spread sex and whispered low.

"Next week I'll show you my deep tongue massage, you'll love it."

Sarah whimpered again helplessly and Jenny collapsed against the table breathing hard.

Sarah was spent. She still was lying on the table lazily moving her hips -- a contented smile played on her lips. She watched with half-open eyes while Charlie got dressed. When he was through, he went back to the table and stroked he cheek softly with his hand.

"That concludes the treatment for today," he grinned. "How do you feel?"

"Oh, my!" was all she could whisper.

He bent down and gave her another small kiss on her flushed cheek, then said, "Take your time, princess... you can get up and shower whenever you want. See you next week." Then he quietly left the room.

Jenny turned off the equipment in the room and handed me the tape.

"That was intense." She smiled. "Will you be coming next week?"

"He did say deep tongue massage didn't he?" I muttered. "Will you be here again, Jenny?"

"I wouldn't miss it."
