Iruka’s fists probably were cramping and the amount of blood rushing to his brain was—in all probability—not a good thing either. The reddish tint the world had taken on also didn’t bode well, but those were all minor details.

“Did you know,” he snarled at the silver-haired man in front of him, words barely making it passed his gritted teeth, “that almost the entire village thinks we’re dating?”

“Mm, I had heard something of that sort, yes. Something about being at the private couples’ table at some restaurant.”

“They’re referring to that meal that you insisted on that had that tiny table in a cupboard!” The table had been in a dim, secluded corner and so small that both his and Hatake’s legs were constantly in contact and it was situated in such a way he had to sit with Hatake’s knee persistently nudging the inside of his thigh.

Hatake looked unimpressed as he ducked Iruka’s fist, ear getting clipped in the process. “It wasn’t my fault that the restaurant was busy and that was the only table.”

“Yes, yes it was!” Iruka yelled, face starting to turn a lovely shade of fuchsia as he spun and nearly planted his foot in Hatake’s solar plexus. “You had to challenge that—that—that green thing and say he couldn’t fill a restaurant with people!”

“It’s not my fault that people listened to him.” Hatake bent backwards and held his book out of harm’s way.

“What the hell possessed you to have THAT as your challenge?!”

“I wanted to see how many people would just agree with him to get him to go away.” Iruka twitched. Hatake ignored it and continue talking. “Anyhow, people shouldn’t jump to the conclusion of a relationship just because we were in a restaurant together—” He bit off the words as Iruka delivered a mean right hook into his jaw.

“They drew that conclusion because they’ve been seeing us doing MORE than just going to expensive restaurants!” Iruka nearly shrieked, working his way towards some good hyperventilating, not caring that Hatake had just fallen on a chair and broken it.

Hatake was abruptly too close to him again, magically on his feet. “Calm down.” The words glided over Iruka’s face softly. “You’re not thinking clearly.”

Iruka slapped away the hands that were gently kneading his shoulders and pulled back to punch Hatake again. “Calm DOWN? The village thinks I’m dating the number one socially-inept schmucky porn whore and you want me to CALM—”

“You’re not thinking clearly,” Hatake repeated, suddenly behind Iruka and pinning his lower arms across his body. Hakake’s mouth strayed very close to his ear. “You’re not thinking about how this could work to your advantage.”

“Oh, right!” Iruka struggled to pull himself out of the paler man’s arms. “HOW—”

There was a small thump and both men’s heads turned.

Sakura scrambled to grab the files she had dropped. “I’m so sorry I didn’t know you had company Iruka-sensei and I didn’t mean to interrupt you please forgive me I’ll go tell the Hokage you’re busy right now and I’ll just be going bye!” She said in one long breath. She darted out of the door, face glowing, slamming it shut behind her.

“Well, that certainly helped you out.” Hatake said a moment later, sounding amused, voice still too close and too intimate. “And don’t try to stomp on my foot.”

“Then LET GO OF ME!”

“Not until you calm down enough to think rationally.”

Iruka took a deep breath and started reciting his lesson plan backwards in his head. “What did you mean, ‘helped me out’?” He asked a few moments later, voice only carrying a little bit of tension. It might just be faster and less embarrassing if he just played along.

“Sakura works with Tsunade-sama and that means by default she works with Shizune-san.” Hatake murmured, voice rumbling through the chunin’s body. “She’ll go back to Shizune-san and all of her friends and tell them the newest bit of juicy gossip she just saw; us in—what she’ll think—a slightly compromising position. It’s going to be hard for Shizune-san to keep things up the way they were, especially since there’s more and more reports of us being seen together.”

Iruka craned his head, trying to see the other man’s face. “You’re saying I should let the village think I’m dating you because it will put pressure on Those Kunoichis to leave me alone?”

“You’ve told those women that you’re not interested in them; now perhaps, they’ll start getting it from other sources.” Hatake’s words breathed across his cheek. “And it’s common knowledge that Sharingan Kakashi doesn’t take kindly to those who…infringe. The combination of those two things—outside knowledge and rumours of my personality—should start making those women think again before accosting you.”

“I’m not lying to everyone about dating you!”

“Oh, but Sensei, that’s where the real beauty comes in. You won’t have to say or do anything. You could probably out-right deny it and people would think you were trying to protect yourself as well as me.”

Iruka scowled; Hatake was right about that. “They’re just looking for someone new now that Kurenai-kun and Asuma-san have clearly hooked up.”

“Probably.” Hatake chuckled, masked lips almost brushing the spot right behind Iruka’s ear. “And your butt is popular enough that people are jumping at anything that looks like you getting some.”

“I hardly think…” It hit Iruka what Hatake had said. “Wait, what the hell do you mean, my butt?!”

The jounin’s soft laughter shook both of them. “I’ve had—at minimum—seven different women and four different men tell me how utterly fantastic your ass is.”

Iruka felt his face turn scarlet. “What—I—they—that’s—that’s not funny!”

“I kid you not. And none of them were any of your special admirers.” The amusement clearly showed through in the older man’s voice.

Great. On top of everything else, now Iruka was going to be paranoid about people checking out his butt. He began to map out routes he could use so his back was always towards a wall or something of a similar nature.

“Will you let me go now?” So I can go find a hole to crawl into and never come out of it?

“I don’t know. Are you calm enough that you’re not going to try and punch me?”

“Yes.” I’m going to kill you instead. After I make you cry like a stinky baby. Then maybe this nightmare will go away…

“That was hardly convincing, Sensei.”

Iruka gritted his teeth. “Hatake-san—”

“Now, now, Sensei, I’ve told you to call me ‘Kakashi’. And don’t you think it people would find it odd that if we’re dating, you’re still being so formal? Unless, of course, that’s something you particularly find to be…enjoyable. Then, call me that all you like.” He could hear the smirk in the Copy Ninja’s voice. “And stop trying to stomp on my instep. It’s not nice.”

“Neither is holding me against my will!”

There was another deep, rumbling chuckle. “You flatter me, Sensei. I doubt there’s anyone or anything that could hold you against your will for any amount of time. I’ve seen some of those traps you’ve escaped from. I’m nothing compared to those.” The jounin paused. “Oh, that reminds me. Akimich Chouza invited us over for dinner so we could tell him about how we got together.”

“Chouji-kun’s father?” Iruka blinked, pausing in his struggle for a moment, not following the jounin’s train of thought. Chouji had once brought him a smashed piece of pie once that he and his father had made. Eating it ranked as one of the top three experiences in Iruka’s life. To have a whole meal, made entirely by Chouza…

He forced himself to return to the matter at hand. “We’re not together!”

Hatake shrugged lethargically, causing Iruka to do something similar to a shrug himself. “So what? The man is offering to cook us an entire meal.”

“That’s—that’s beside the point.” Iruka said weakly. A whole meal of Akimich food…

…

What had the point been again?

Oh yes—the together thing. “I’m not going to make up some story about how we ‘got together’ or anything like that—”

“Who said anything about making about making things up? I was just planning to tell it more or less like it happened and then eat everything edible I can get my hands on. Let the man draw his own conclusions and spread his own version of the story to those gossip birds. I’m willing to do a whole hell of a lot more for Akimich food.”

Iruka found himself nodding in agreement before he caught himself. “But—”

SLAM!

“I don’t care if your boyfriend is the Death God himself!” Tsunade bellowed, ignoring the fact that the door now lay on the other side of the room; clearly, she wasn’t in a good mood. “That does NOT mean you can just ignore your duties to the village—”

“Iruka’s shift doesn’t start for another five minutes.” Hatake said dryly. Iruka tried not to tense at the lack of a suffix.

“I’m not talking about that, you brat! I’m talking about those files I sent down—”

“Sakura-kun left without giving them to Iruka.” Iruka really wished that Hatake would let go of him.

And he didn’t like the slow, tingly circles being traced on his arms.

The Hokage glared hard at both of them. “Hatake, shut up. I’m not talking to you; I’m talking to Iruka-sensei.”

“Hokage-sama—”

“Shut up, Iruka-sensei! I’m not done yelling at your idiot boyfriend!”

“I was about to say that we should continue this discussion on the way to the Mission Room, as I have to leave for my shift.” He managed to shift his hips enough to show off the hip flask he kept for emergencies such as this one.

Tsunade snorted and glared at them, eyes only briefly flickering down to the flask of alcohol. “Fine.” She turned around and nearly stomped out the door.

“I’ll tell Chouza-san that we’ll meet him at eight tomorrow night.” Hatake mouthed Iruka’s ear briefly. Iruka yelped and felt the other smile slowly. Before he could do anything, the arms that were pinning him were gone and the jounin vanished a moment later.

Iruka froze for a moment, then forced himself to hurry after Tsunade. He’d put old fish scales in Hatake’s bed later.