Madison
by Demonhead
Copyright© 2021 by Demonhead

Chapter 35: Monday morning

Madison felt the bed move and then she reached over, the bed was empty. She ripped her head around and heard movement.

“Daddy?” Madison whispered.

“Yes, baby, I am here.” Henry said and took her hand.

“Are you going to work?” Madison said.

“Yes, it is very early, go back to sleep. I will see you this afternoon.” Henry said and kissed her forehead. Madison pulled him into a hug. Henry wrapped his arms around his young daughter and held her for a while.

“Have a good day, daddy.” Madison said as Henry broke the hug. She snuggled under the covers.

“You too sweetheart, I love you.” Henry whispered in her ear.

“I love you too daddy.” Madison said softly and closed her eyes.

Henry stood at the doorway and looked at her sleeping in the bed. He was amazed at how much he loved her. He didn’t think it was possible to love a person so deeply. They had been through a lot with the divorce and the loss of his job but now seeing her hurt made his heart expand even more. He found himself praying constantly that she would get better. He felt a touch on his arm, and he looked to see Becca standing next to him.

“You have an amazing daughter Henry.” Becca said softly.

“Thank you and thank you for taking such good care of her.” Henry said.

“Oh, that is easy. I have only known her for two days and I already love her.” Becca said.

“Yeah, she does that to people.” Henry said and smiled.

“Have a good day at work, she will be fine. We will let you know what the doctor says. Stacy will be here soon.” Becca said.

“Thank you, Becca.” Henry said and turned to walk down the quiet hallway.

Becca stood for a little while and looked at Madison sleeping and then at Sam and her mom wrapped up in each other’s arms. These girls were extraordinary, and she was going to miss them terribly when they went home. She took a deep breath and went back to her paperwork. She only had an hour to finish.

Stacy walked in and looked down at Becca. She smiled as she saw her friend frantically doing her paperwork. She chuckled and Becca looked up at her.

“Why do you always wait until the last minute?” Stacy said and Becca smiled.

“It’s how I roll; you should know that by now.” Becca said and smiled.

“Yeah, but I still hold onto hope. Anything cool happen overnight?” Stacy said.

“The girls melted Hazel, she actually smiled and is wearing her hearing aids.” Becca said.

“No shit, that old bat, I don’t believe it.” Stacy said.

“You will see, she asked to see them again today.” Becca said and Stacy walked around the desk.

“They are quite a pair.” Stacy said.

“That is an understatement, I am going to really miss them.” Becca said and Stacy saw tears in her friend’s eyes. She put her hand on her shoulder.

“Me too.” Stacy said and sat down to help her friend with the paperwork.

Madison woke up and did not hear anything. The room felt quiet, she had no idea what time it was. She felt helpless again and then she was not sure how this was going to work. She would always need someone to help her. How did people do this? Would she ever be able to do anything for herself? She suddenly needed to go to the bathroom. She listened and heard no one and she had no idea where the button was to call someone. She started thinking about the room and the layout.

Stacy walked into the room and saw Madison sitting up and scooting to the edge of the bed. She started to move forward to help her and then she saw her face. It was serious and determined. She stopped and watched Madison grab a handful of blanket and then slide to the floor. She landed on her feet and stabilized quickly. She saw her take a deep breath and then reach out towards the wall.

Madison thought about the lady they met last night and then she thought about her grandmother. She missed her desperately and she could really use her right now. She never gave up on anything and Madison remembered her teaching her how to play games. She was a stickler that Madison learned the right way to play, and she would not ever let her quit. She wondered what she would say about this blind thing. She smiled as she knew exactly what her grandmother would say. “Get off your little ass and go to the bathroom, you know where it is, you spent enough time in their yesterday.” Madison grabbed the blanket and slid off the bed.

Stacy put her hand to her mouth as she watched the young girl touch the wall and then shuffle slowly towards the bathroom. Stacy saw the cute pink socks with the lace, they were a definite upgrade over the yellow ones with the rubber buttons on the bottom. Madison ran her hand on the wall and then walked around the corner. Stacy walked in and looked. Madison moved towards the toilet, her right hand running over the counter. Stacy saw her find the toilet with her foot and then pull up her gown. The wonderful body appeared, and Madison sat down. Stacy heard the wonderful tinkling sound again and she felt a little shiver.

Madison found the counter and made her way to the toilet. She sat and her bladder released instantly. She felt a surge of pride as she sat there. Maybe she could figure this out, but she didn’t want to get too excited, all she did was pee and it’s not like she had to walk very far. She started thinking about school and then she thought about running. She felt her tears move out of her eyes and run down her cheeks when she realized she would not be able to run anymore. She put her head in her hands and cried.

Stacy felt so bad as she watched the girl start to cry. She couldn’t stand it anymore and she walked into the bathroom.

“Madison, honey, what’s wrong?” Stacy said and knelt in front of her, putting her hands on Madison’s knees.

“Stacy, what am I going to do? How can I go to school? I won’t be able to run anymore. I felt happy that I was able to find the bathroom but now I think that may be all I will be able to do.” Madison said and Stacy saw the pretty face with tears all over it. She hugged Madison.

“Baby, you have to give yourself some time and some credit. It was a big deal that you were able to do this by yourself. Everything will work out, but you must be patient.” Stacy said and wiped the tears off the pretty face.

“Ok, sorry for being such a mess.” Madison said and wiped her face.

“You are entitled to be a mess for a little while.” Stacy said.

Madison smiled at her nurse and then wiped her pussy with the toilet paper. Stacy watched and felt her own pussy start to warm up.

“Do you want some help getting back to bed?” Stacy said and Madison nodded.

Stacy took Madison’s hand and helped her stand. They walked back to the bed and Madison climbed back in bed. Stacy pulled up her covers and kissed Madison on the forehead.

“Go back to sleep sweetie, it is still early.” Stacy whispered and Madison closed her eyes.

Katie heard the alarm and rolled over and wrapped her arms around Brad. He hugged her and kissed her.

“Good morning sexy.” Brad said.

“Good morning, what time do you have to leave?” Katie said.

“My first meeting is at 8:00 so I have to get going soon.” Brad said and smiled. Katie pouted.

“Poopie, I was hoping we could snuggle for a little.” Katie said and ran her hand over his chest.

“Just snuggle?” Brad said and smiled at her.

“Well, these last few days have been rough, and I have cried a lot. I was hoping for a little pleasure before I start crying again.” Katie said.

“That I have time for.” Brad said and turned towards her.

Katie felt his lips touch hers and then his tongue shoot into her mouth. His hands moved to her waist and then under her t-shirt. She moaned in his mouth as he squeezed her breast. He pulled back and looked at her as he massaged her breast.

“I love you, Katie Thompson.” Brad said as he looked into her eyes.

“Are you trying to make me cry already?” Katie said and Brad laughed.

“Not at all, that is not a sad topic, it should make you smile.” Brad said.

“Yes, it should, but my heart is so raw right now it feels like any kind of emotion brings the tears. I love you too by the way. I also love when you do that.” Katie said as he continued to rub her breast.

Brad leaned over and kissed her again. He ran his hand down her tummy and then over her thigh. He moved his hand over her panties, and she spread her legs. He rubbed across the front and felt the heat through the cotton. He heard her groan and then he felt her hips move towards his hand.

“Oh God, please, that feels so good.” Katie said and he pulled off the kiss.

He slipped his hand inside her panties and moved across the smooth skin. He felt her wetness and slid his finger through her lips. She gasped and then moaned. He loved her little sounds and he moved down, sliding her panties down as he went. He pulled them off and threw them. He moved between her legs and held her thighs, she spread her legs wide, and he was looking at the promised land. He leaned over and kissed his wife’s beautiful pussy.

“Fuck, you are so good at that.” Katie said as his tongue started to caress between her legs.

“I live to serve.” Brad said and started licking her again.

Brad loved her taste; he loved all women now that he thought of it. Her taste also brought comfort as well as excitement. That is what made it different than others. His mind immediately brought up the image of Madison with her legs spread before him and how she tasted. He did love her taste as well and she was different too. He was not sure why yet, but he hoped he would be able to do more research to discover the reason. He shoved his tongue deep inside his wife and sucked up more of her juices.

“Holy fuck, I am close.” Katie said and grabbed his head.

Brad felt her start to shake seconds after he heard her speak. He held onto her thighs and flicked his tongue across her clit as she vibrated. He knew she loved that. He held her until she slowed down and then he pulled his head up and looked at her. Her face and chest were red, and her hair was all over the place, covering half of her face. She looked beautiful.

“Mister, you could make a living doing that.” Katie said.

“Really, you want me to become a gigolo?” Brad said.

“No way, that tongue is mine.” Katie said.

“Only yours?” Brad said.

“Mine and whoever I want to lend it to.” Katie said and smiled.

“Ok, if you insist.” Brad said and she chuckled.

“Like it was torture for you to go down on a certain little girl.” Katie said and Brad moved up beside her.

“Do you think she will be ok?” Brad said.

“No, no, no sadness until you finish breeding me.” Katie said and pushed him away.

Brad slid between her legs and sunk his rock-hard cock deep into her. She groaned as he bottomed out. He grabbed her waist and started fucking her slow and deep. Her pussy was warm and wet and felt wonderful. He kept his pace for about 30 seconds before his mind started to wonder what Madison would feel like. He tried to refocus on Katie but when he looked up, he saw long dark hair and small breasts jiggling as his cock ripped in and out of a warm pussy. He blasted a load into his wife as he thought about a 14-yr-old girl.

“Stay inside and hold me.” Katie said as he laid on her and wrapped his arms around her.

“Trying to make it stick?” Brad said and smiled.

“Yep, it was the first load, so it was massive.” Katie said.

“How do you know it was massive?” Brad said.

“Did you forget how many times you have almost drowned me or gave me a nice shower with your morning loads?” Katie said.

“Oh yeah.” Brad said and Katie laughed.

“I really have to get dressed.” Brad said.

“Go, I have to get dressed as well, Aaron is picking me up at 7:00 and I have to take a shower. I don’t want to go to the hospital smelling like sex.” Katie said and slid to the edge of the bed.

Brad loved the way her boobs bounced when she moved. He reached out and grabbed one of them.

“I love these.” Brad said and held her breast.

“I know, you have been obsessed since the first time you saw me.” Katie said and sat on the edge of the bed.

“Oh God, I almost forgot how hot you were in that waitress uniform.” Brad said and Katie smiled.

“You better let go if you want to make it to your meeting on time.” Katie said and Brad stood up.

Katie watched him walk into the bathroom. She got up and pulled out some panties, socks and a t-shirt. She grabbed her jeans and tossed them all on the bed. She walked into the bathroom and sat down while her husband was in the shower.

Aaron heard the alarm and turned it off. He looked over and Alex was sound asleep on her back. The sheet was on her flat tummy, so her wonderful breasts were just right there. He marveled at how pretty she was and thanked whatever entity brought her to him. He pushed some of her hair off her face and then ran his hand down to her breast. He touched it gently and she opened her eyes.

“Good morning.” Alex said groggily as he gently squeezed her breast.

“Good morning, beautiful.” Aaron said.

“I love the sound of that, never stop saying it.” Alex said.

“Don’t worry about that.” Aaron said and leaned over and kissed her softly on the lips.

“You are a good waker up person.” Alex said.

“Thank you. I have to pick up Katie at 7:00, I am going to jump in the shower.” Aaron said.

“Want some company?” Alex said and smiled.

“If you come in there, I will be late for sure.” Aaron said.

“I promise to be good.” Alex said.

“That is what I am worried about.” Aaron said and stood up.

Alex held out her hand and Aaron pulled her up into his arms. She wrapped her arms and legs around him and he held her firm ass in his hands. He walked her into the bathroom and turned on the shower as she held onto him. He got the water the right temperature and walked into the shower carrying her, turning her back to the water.

“Hmm, that feels good. I love this.” Alex said.

“Yeah, you fit good.” Aaron said and kissed her.

“You do too.” Alex said and smiled.

Aaron lowered her to the ground, and she grabbed a washcloth. He stood as his pretty girlfriend washed his body gently. He groaned as she slid her mouth over his cock as she washed his balls and thighs. She took most of him inside and then pulled back slowly, kissing his head. She looked up and smiled. She finished washing his legs and then his feet. She stood up and looked at him. He took her in his arms and kissed her.

“You are all clean now, you just have one more thing to do and you can go.” Alex said and turned around, putting her hands on the wall.

Aaron looked down at her firm ass and reached out to touch it. She moaned and stuck it out farther. He moved closer and pushed his cock between her cheeks. He moved it around and found her warm lips. He slid it in slowly and she moaned.

“God, I will never get tired of this.” Alex said.

“Good, because I was looking forward to fucking you for another 50 years or so.” Aaron said.

Alex thought about what he said as his wonderful cock moved in and out of her small body. Could she be with this man for her entire life? She felt him push against her as he bottomed out. He was an amazing lover and a sweet, kind man. He pushed in again. He was also a great protector and she felt very safe with him. He pushed against her tight butt again and she felt him touch places inside her that no one else ever had. She tried to think of a reason not to be with him and the only thing she could think of was the strange looks they got sometimes from the hillbillies when they walked together. That huge cock pushed in her again and she realized that she could put up with however many looks they got if this cock could be in her.

“You are amazing, I love you.” Alex said and Aaron drilled deep inside her and groaned.

Alex felt her man shiver and inject a large amount of cum inside her. He pulled out slowly and hugged her, pulling her back into his chest. He held onto her boobs and kissed her neck.

“You need to go before I make you do that again.” Alex said.

“You have a great day. I love you.” Aaron said.

“I will now. I will see you at the hospital after work. Let me know how they are doing.” Alex said.

“I will.” Aaron said and stepped out of the shower, slapping her butt on the way out.

Barry Jones sipped his coffee as he watched his favorite video. He tried to stay away from his computer, but he could not resist, he was weak. Madison was walking into her room wrapped in a towel and drying her hair with another. He loved seeing her in a towel, he remembered when she was in his kitchen in a towel, his cock was hard as that image moved across his head. She dropped her towel on the bed and he saw those wonderful little boobs jiggle. They were firm and full and looked amazing on her small frame. He wondered how the boys at school didn’t lose their minds, but then they didn’t get to see them like this.

He watched her tight little ass as she searched in her drawer. He would never get tired of watching this. He moved his hand over his cock as she pulled out those pink panties and bra. He had seen those on her in real life. She tossed the underwear on the bed and moved to her closet. Her smooth pussy peeked at him from between her legs as she turned. He loved the resolution on this camera. She held out the white shirt and he recognized it as one of Henry’s. She pulled out the red checkered skirt and he coated his hand with his cream. He reached for the Kleenex as his guilt hit him hard. He closed the screen and got up to walk to his porch. He finished his first cup of coffee on his swing, praying that Madison would be ok.

Aaron picked up Katie and they rode most of the way in silence. She looked over at him and he looked worried.

“She will be fine you know, even if she doesn’t get her sight back.” Katie said.

“No, she won’t. She is too full of life and is poised to do so many great things. Blindness will stop her from doing some of those things. She will be able to do stuff but not everything she would be able to do with sight.” Aaron said, continuing to look forward.

Katie opened her mouth to say something and then closed it when she realized he was right. She suddenly felt sad again and she fought back tears. She felt his hand reach over and take hers.

“I am sorry Katie; I didn’t mean to make you sad. I am just so frustrated and angry.” Aaron said.

“I understand and I feel the same way, in addition to feeling helpless.” Katie said.

“If he makes bail, they will never find his body.” Aaron said.

“I should be shocked by that, but I am not.” Katie said and looked at him.

They rode the rest of the way to the hospital, holding hands and trying not to break down before they even saw Madison.

Madison heard movement and she moved her head.

“Good morning, sweetie.” Stacy said as she double checked the machines.

“Good morning, Stacy.” Madison said softly.

“How do you feel today?” Stacy said.

“Sad and scared.” Madison said in a little voice. Stacy felt her heart hurt a little. She took Madison’s hand and sat on the bed.

“Oh sweetheart, I am so sorry. I am still holding out hope for you, I have seen so many miracles and you certainly deserve one.” Stacy said and pushed a lock of hair off the pretty face.

“Thank you, Stacy. I am trying to stay positive, but it is so hard. I feel lost and alone.” Madison said.

“You are not lost and definitely not alone. You have the largest posse I have ever seen in here.” Stacy said and smiled. Madison did not smile.

“I know and I am happy about that, I just can’t fight back those feelings when everything is just black.” Madison said and squeezed Stacy’s hand.

“They are real feelings, and you know why you have them. Try to accept them and then focus on the things that are good. It will help you and make it easier to get through the day.” Stacy said.

“Yeah, that is what Sam keeps saying. I am trying.” Madison said.

“Sam is a smart girl, in addition to being very pretty.” Stacy said and Madison did smile.

“There’s that pretty smile, you light up the room with that, please do not lose it.” Stacy said.

“You are a great nurse.” Madison said.

“Why thank you sweet girl. You in the mood for some chocolate milk?” Stacy said.

“Always.” Madison said and smiled again.

“Coming up. Oh, oh, posse alert, we have company.” Stacy said as she saw Katie and Aaron walk in.

“Thank you, Stacy, who’s here?” Madison said and then she felt someone take her hand and then kiss her cheek. She recognized the smell immediately and the soft lips.

“Good morning, Katie.” Madison said.

“Good morning, sweetie. Aaron is here also.” Katie said. Madison felt a hand on her shoulder, and she turned her head.

“Good morning, Aaron, how is Alex?” Madison said.

“She is good, she sends her love, and she will be here after work.” Aaron said.

“Good. Thank you for coming.” Madison said and turned back towards Katie.

Aaron kept his hand on her shoulder, he felt calmer when he was touching her. He rubbed her shoulder, and he felt her move towards him, and her small hand move on top of his. His heart felt a little lighter.

“Stacy, has the doctor come by yet?” Katie said.

“No ma’am, he usually makes rounds closer to 8:00.” Stacy said.

“Ok, good. How is Sam?” Katie said.

“She is doing great; I am pretty sure they will release her today.” Stacy said and Madison moved her head towards Stacy.

“You are doing great as well. I heard you made it to the bathroom by yourself this morning.” Stacy said.

“Oh, print the trophy.” Madison said.

“Hey, give yourself some credit. That is a key factor with the doctors, self-sufficiency. Physically, you are fine, they just want to know you have the desire to keep fighting.” Stacy said.

Madison thought of her grandmother again when she heard Stacy. She knew she would not be happy with her self-pity routine.

“I will be back in a little while with some magic milk. That will make you feel better.” Stacy said.

“Thank you, Stacy, I am sorry I am being so difficult.” Madison said.

“Baby girl, I think it is impossible for you to be difficult. I will be right back.” Stacy said and left the room.

“Katie, I am trying so hard, but I feel so alone, I can’t tell when anyone is around, and it is driving me insane.” Madison said.

“That is not true, you know when someone is around. You knew it was me before I even said a word.” Katie said.

“Yeah, you smell nice.” Madison said.

“You also figured out who everybody was yesterday.” Katie said.

“Yeah, some of them I knew by smell and the others it was by touch.” Madison said.

“There, that is what we can work on, adjusting to letting your other senses tell you things. You are doing it already; you just have to focus a little bit, and it will be even better.” Katie said.

“Ok, I can do that.” Madison said.

“That’s my girl.” Katie said and kissed her on the cheek.

“I miss your kisses.” Madison said softly.

“You will get plenty of those when you get out of here.” Katie said.

“Yours too. Will I get more of those?” Madison said and turned her head towards Aaron.

“Yes, ma’am, but you will have to fight Alex for them.” Aaron said.

“Not a problem, Alex will be on my side. You will not have a chance.” Madison said and Aaron laughed.

Madison felt something on the bed, and she listened closely and took a deep breath.

“Good morning, pretty girl.” Madison said as Sam crawled up next to her.

“How did you know?” Sam said as she snuggled up to Madison’s back. She rubbed Aaron’s hand as it sat on Madison’s shoulder.

“Good morning, Sam.” Aaron said as he looked down at the cute blonde.

“Good morning, Aaron. I am going to be wanting some of those kisses as well.” Sam said and turned towards him.

“I am in so much trouble.” Aaron said and both girls giggled.

Katie felt herself smile as she heard the laughter. Every time she heard those laughs, she felt hope wash through her body. She looked up as Stacy walked back in the room, carrying two cartons of milk.

“I like hearing that, time for some magic milk, it will bring even more laughter.” Stacy said and handed the milks to Katie.

“Yay.” Madison said and started to sit up. Sam helped her and they both sat side by side in the bed.

The girls drank their chocolate milk and giggled. Katie walked into the hallway and to the nurse’s desk.

“Stacy, do you think Madison will be released today?” Katie said.

“Yeah, I do. Her numbers look good. Dr. Lystrom has already signed off, we are just waiting for Dr. Jeffery to see her and release her. He just wants to make sure the eyes are still tracking properly and there is no more pain.” Stacy said.

“Thank you, what about Sam?” Katie said.

“She is definitely going home. Dr. Freytag and Dr. Lystrom have both signed off. We are just holding the paperwork until we see what happens with Madison.” Stacy said and smiled.

“Thank you again. It will break both of their hearts if we separate them.” Katie said.

“I figured that, so we will just have to strong arm Dr. Jeffery.” Stacy said and Katie laughed.

“Excuse me.” A small voice said, and they both turned to see a young woman standing there. She looked tired but she was smiling. She had on a flannel shirt and jeans.

“Yes, ma’am. Can I help you?” Stacy said.

“I am Hazel’s granddaughter, Rebecca.” She said and Stacy stood up.

“Oh my, nice to meet you. What can I do to help?” Stacy said and walked around the desk.

“I am looking for a little blind girl.” Rebecca said and Katie looked at her.

“You mean Madison?” Stacy said.

“Does she have a blonde friend?” Rebecca said.

“Yes, she does. Come with me.” Stacy said and walked towards the girl’s room.

Rebecca followed Stacy into the room, and she saw two young girls sitting up in the bed drinking chocolate milk. Stacy walked up next to the bed, Rebecca behind her.

“Madison, Sam, this is Rebecca. She is Hazel’s granddaughter.” Stacy said and moved to the side. Sam looked at the young girl and Madison moved her head, listening.

“Hi, Hazel is very nice.” Sam said and Rebecca started crying. Katie walked up and hugged her, rubbing her back as she cried. The girls looked confused as well as Aaron. Rebecca calmed down and wiped her face with a Kleenex that Katie gave her.

“Thank you.” Rebecca said to Katie and turned towards the girls.

“Sorry girls, it has been an emotional morning. My grandmother has not been very nice for a long time. My grandfather died two years ago, and it hit her hard. Then my dad died last year, her son, and she totally withdrew. She has not talked to any of us since then.” Rebecca said and blew her nose.

“Honey, I am so sorry.” Katie said and hugged her.

“No, this is a happy story. You see, I got a call at 6:00 this morning from her. She said she wanted to see me. I rushed over and she told me she was sorry for everything and that she wanted to spend time with me and my family. I have a 10-month-old that she has never met.” Rebecca said and sniffled again.

“Rebecca, that is wonderful.” Stacy said.

“Yes, and she is wearing her hearing aids. She stopped wearing those when my grandpa died. That in itself is a miracle. I asked her what happened, and she said she was visited by a blind girl and her blonde friend. She didn’t remember the names, so I thought she probably had a dream or was confused or something. She insisted that it was true and told me to ask the nurse.” Rebecca said and walked to the bed and sat down. She took Madison’s hand and Madison moved her head towards her.

“Girls, I don’t know what you did but I want to thank you for giving me back my grandma. You have no idea how important this is for me. She is the only grandparent I have left. Thank you so much.” Rebecca said and started sobbing. Katie walked up and hugged her again, her own tears flowing down her face.

Aaron felt his throat tighten and then his face was streaked with tears. Stacy stood at the end of the bed and wiped her face. Sam reached over and grabbed Rebecca’s hand. Rebecca looked up and smiled as she continued to cry. Katie reached over and pulled another Kleenex and handed it to Rebecca.

“Thank you again, I am so sorry I am such a mess.” Rebecca said.

“Honey, you let it go, we have soaked this room many times already, your tears will just add to our collection.” Katie said and rubbed Rebecca’s shoulder.

“Rebecca, that is my mom.” Madison said and Rebecca looked back.

“You have an angel for a daughter.” Rebecca said.

“Thank you.” Katie said and tried to keep her composure.

“My mom is over there; she is very tired.” Sam said and they looked at Sarah, still asleep in the bed.

“This is our friend Aaron.” Madison said and turned her head towards Aaron. Rebecca looked up at the huge black man and nodded.

“It is so nice to meet all of you. Would you like to meet my family? Hazel is asking for you.” Rebecca said.

“Yes.” Madison and Sam said together. Rebecca laughed and wiped her face again.

“Good, can we go now?” Rebecca said and looked at Stacy.

“Absolutely, Katie and Aaron can bring the girls. I have to go and get the breakfasts.” Stacy said.

“Great, again, I am so happy, and I want to thank you two again.” Rebecca said and squeezed their hands.

“You are welcome.” Sam said.

They climbed out of bed and Sam took Madison’s hand. They followed Rebecca to Hazel’s room, Katie and Aaron following, Katie holding onto Aaron’s arm as they walked. The girls walked into the room and Sam saw there was a baby sitting on the bed with Hazel. A young man was standing next to the bed, smiling.

“There are my angels.” Hazel said and Rebecca sniffled again.

Sam led Madison to the side of the bed and Hazel took Madison’s hand. She pulled her closer and hugged her. Madison put her arms around Hazel and hugged her back. It felt nice. Hazel broke the hug and then hugged Sam. She pulled back and looked at them both.

“Thank you, girls, for helping a stubborn old lady see the light. This is my great-granddaughter, Grace.” Hazel said and brought Madison’s hand to the baby, putting it on her leg.

“Madison, go ahead and look at her. She is ticklish though.” Hazel said and Madison put her other hand on the baby’s other leg.

Madison felt the little feet and toes and then moved her hands up the pudgy legs. She felt the diaper and then moved her hands to the side and then up to her arms. She ran her hands down the arms and felt the small hands and fingers. The baby giggled and Madison smiled. She moved her hands to the small shoulders and then up the neck. She gently touched her face, the tiny ears, and felt the soft hair on her head. She turned her head to Hazel.

“She is beautiful.” Madison said.

“Yes, my sweet girl, she certainly is.” Hazel said and hugged Madison again. She held Madison and started to cry. Madison wrapped her arm around Hazel’s shoulder and held her. Everyone in the room was wiping their eyes and grabbing for Kleenex as Hazel cried on Madison’s shoulder.

Katie squeezed Aaron’s arm and let her tears flow. She was amazed at how these girls could bring happiness to people without even knowing. They were indeed special, and she rubbed her belly, hoping her own child would have that magic as well.

“Oh girls, I am so rude. This is my grandson-in-law, Justin.” Hazel said and motioned to the man holding the baby gently as she played with her great-grandmother.

“Nice to meet you girls, I want to thank you as well. Grace finally got to meet her great-grandmother and you were the reason. We are forever in your debt.” Justin said in a very deep voice.

Katie squeezed Aaron’s arm again.

“Nice to meet you, Justin. I am Sam and this is Madison. That is our friend Aaron and Madison’s ... mom, Katie.” Sam said and smiled at Katie.

Justin moved over and shook Aaron’s hand. He shook Katie’s hand and looked at her.

“Thank you for having an amazing daughter.” Justin said and squeezed her hand. Katie nodded as she could not talk without starting to cry again. Justin nodded as he saw her struggle. He hugged her and she wrapped an arm around him.

“Hazel, breakfast time. The girls should go back and eat too.” Stacy said, carrying a tray.

“Party pooper.” Hazel said and Stacy laughed.

“They can come back and see you after they eat. Also, the doctor needs to see Madison and he should be making rounds in about 15 minutes.” Stacy said.

“Fine, girls, you have to come back and see me again before you leave.” Hazel said.

“Yes ma’am.” Madison said and Hazel smiled. Hazel pulled Madison close and kissed her on the cheek. She pulled Sam and kissed her cheek as well.

“My two little angels, well now I have three.” Hazel said and tickled Grace on the tummy. Grace giggled and everybody smiled.

“Nice meeting you all, we will definitely be back.” Katie said.

“Nice to meet you too, thank you so much for these two.” Hazel said.

“My mom is asleep in my room; she will come next time.” Sam said.

“I would love to meet her.” Hazel said.

Madison walked out of Hazel’s room feeling the best she had felt in a long time, well, right before the punch that changed her life. She held Sam’s hand, but she felt like she knew this hallway. They walked back into their room, and she climbed into her bed, Sam right beside her.

Sarah woke up when the girls returned to the room. She watched them crawl into the bed and Katie and Aaron walk in. She looked at Katie and Katie smiled at her and walked over to her. Katie took her hand.

“Katie, are you there?” Madison said.

“Yes, sweetie, right here.” Katie said. She helped Sarah stand and then they walked next to the bed, Katie touching Madison’s arm.

“Will I be able to go back to my school or will I have to go to a new one?” Madison said.

“I don’t know, we will have to investigate that.” Katie said.

“Ok, I really want to get back to school. I miss my friends, except for this one.” Madison said and pulled Sam closer, kissing her on the cheek.

“So, you are feeling a little better about your future?” Katie said.

“Yeah, I guess so, Hazel made me realize I can still help people and change things even without my eyes.” Madison said.

“Baby, that is wonderful. We have been trying to tell you that, you are special and not because of your eyes.” Katie said.

“I know, and I was being stubborn and feeling sorry for myself.” Madison said.

“There’s my girl, welcome back.” Katie said and Madison smiled.

“Good morning, momma. How do you feel?” Sam said.

“Much better honey, how are you?” Sarah said.

“I feel great, Stacy said the doctor might send me home today, but I want to wait and see what Madison’s doctor says.” Sam said.

“Breakfast time.” Stacy said and walked in with two trays. She put them on the small rolling table and pushed it over to the bed.

“Good, I am starved.” Madison said.

“That’s a good sign. Also, I saw Dr. Jefferey at the end of the hall, he should be in here soon.” Stacy said.

“Stacy, can we visit all the other patients again today?” Madison said.

“Sure, sweetie, you can help me deliver lunch.” Stacy said.

“Goodie, I liked that last night.” Madison said.

“Yeah, you sure had a big impact on Miss Hazel. By the way, Mr. Pettigrew woke up this morning.” Stacy said.

“What? He did?” Madison said.

“Yes, he did, and he is doing good. He is telling his family he had a dream about two ghosts that visited him last night, know anything about that?” Stacy said and Katie looked at the girls.

“Yeah, I might have whispered something to him and kissed him on the cheek.” Madison said and Katie fought back the tears again.

“I figured you guys had something to do with that.” Stacy said and smiled.

Stacy walked out and shook her head, those two girls had single-handily changed the course of two of her patients. She would not be surprised if they healed Frank’s leg today. She sat at her desk and checked her readings.

Madison and Sam ate their breakfast as Aaron left to get everyone coffee. Katie sat on Sarah’s bed.

“Sarah, how are you feeling?” Katie said and Sarah looked at the girls.

“I am fine.” Sarah said.

“I think you are lying.” Katie said and Sarah looked at her. Katie was smiling at her and she felt like Katie was really interested in how she felt. Sarah took a deep breath.

“My shoulder is really hurting; I am having trouble sleeping.” Sarah said.

“And what else?” Katie said and took her hand.

“Sometimes when I take a deep breath or turn quickly there is a sharp pain in my chest. I am worried about that, but I need to make sure the girls are ok before I worry about myself.” Sarah said.

“I am going to disagree with you. Sam needs you and you cannot be there for her if you are hurt.” Katie said.

“Katie, it doesn’t feel right.” Sarah said and Katie took her hand.

“Sarah, what happened to the girls is not your fault. You did the best you can, but this was his fault and only his. You are a victim as well as them.” Katie said and smiled at Sarah.

“Thank you, Katie. I feel so guilty, and I guess I have been punishing myself.” Sarah said.

“You think? I am going to get a doctor in here and you are going to be honest with them. I need you to promise me.” Katie said.

“Ok, I can do that.” Sarah said and looked at the girls again. They were giggling about something as they drank their milk.

“You see, they are going to be fine. Now you have to start healing.” Katie said.

“Ok.” Sarah said and dropped her head.

“Also, you and Sam will be staying with us for as long as I think you need. You have to accept that as well, ok?” Katie said.

“Yes, ma’am.” Sarah said and Katie laughed. Katie hugged her gently and Sarah realized that this was the first time an adult had hugged her in a long time.

“Momma, do you want our biscuits? There is strawberry jelly.” Sam said.

“You bet.” Sarah said and Katie helped her stand. Sarah walked slowly over to the bed and sat. She picked up a knife and sliced a biscuit. Her sweet daughter smiled at her and handed her the jelly.

Dr. Jeffery took a breath before he walked into Madison’s room. This case made him sad. This poor girl lost her sight defending her friend from a horrible man. He was also frustrated because there was no medical reason that her eyes were not functioning. The optic nerve was not damaged, it just didn’t want to engage. He wished he could figure this one out, she deserved it. He stepped into the room and saw everyone laughing. He had to smile.

“Well, there seems to be a lot of positive energy in here today.” Dr. Jeffery said and everyone looked.

“Good morning doctor.” The two girls said in unison and then started laughing.

“I don’t think I have ever been so happy to be laughed at.” Dr. Jeffery said and they laughed again.

He walked to the side of the bed nearest Madison, and she turned towards him. He saw her eyes track to him, but they did not focus. His heart dropped. He pulled out his flashlight and shined it in her eyes. Her pupils dilated slightly, that was encouraging.

“Madison, can you keep your head still and look towards your mom?” Dr. Jefferey said and Madison looked towards Katie, unable to see Katie’s eyes glistening.

“Ok, look the other way.” Dr. Jefferey said and watched her eyes move slowly.

“Good, they are tracking perfectly, the repairs to your optic floor were successful.” Dr. Jefferey said.

“Doctor, why can’t I see anything?” Madison said.

“Honey, I have to be honest, I do not know. Everything is working except your optic nerve just doesn’t seem to be responding. It is not damaged so I think when it engages you will regain full sight.” Dr. Jefferey said.

“Do you know why it is not responding?” Madison said.

“My only theory is that the trauma of the surgery caused it to disengage.” Dr. Jefferey said.

“So how do I get it to engage? Can I have another surgery?” Madison said.

“No honey, I wish it was that easy.” Dr. Jefferey said.

“Me too. Can I at least go home?” Madison said.

“Yes, I see no reason why you cannot go home today.” Dr. Jefferey said.

“Doctor, can we make sure and stay until after lunch, there are some people we need to see.” Madison said and Dr. Jefferey laughed.

“I think this is the first time a patient ever asked me to send them home slowly.” Dr. Jefferey said and the girls both laughed.

Dr. Jefferey looked at Katie and moved his head towards the door. Katie got up and followed him into the hallway. They stopped right outside the door.

“Mrs. Thompson, what I told Madison is true, I don’t know why the nerve will not engage. However, I am confident that something will happen that will snap it back.” Dr. Jefferey said.

“Like what?” Katie said.

“It could be anything, something so small as a laugh or a sneeze or a scare. Anything that is a little shocking to her system. I wouldn’t go around scaring her though.” He said and smiled.

“Doc, do you really think it will be that easy?” Katie said.

“I wouldn’t call it easy; she has obviously been laughing a lot lately and nothing has happened. I just think it could happen at any time, there is no reason it is not working so I really think this will be short term.” Dr. Jefferey said.

“Thank you doctor for taking such good care of her. I know you are frustrated as much as we are.” Katie said.

“Yes, you are right about that. She seems to be a very special girl and obviously has impacted a lot of people in the short time she has been here.” Dr. Jefferey said.

“Yes, that is true.” Katie said.

“I do want to see her in a week in my office regardless of what happens.” Dr. Jefferey said.

“Ok, thanks, we will have her there.” Katie said and they both heard loud laughter from the room.

Dr. Jefferey smiled and walked away, realizing he did have other patients.

Katie walked back in the room and Sarah was still sitting on the bed with the girls, all three of them laughing. She felt something behind her and then saw a huge black hand hold a cup of coffee in front of her. She moved back and felt his strong body. She sighed and realized she missed his touches and that wonderful cock. She looked up at Aaron.

“Thanks.” Katie said and pushed her butt against him.

“You are welcome.” Aaron said and felt his cock start to harden.

“I miss that.” Katie said.

“He misses you too.” Aaron said.

“Alex not giving it enough attention?” Katie said.

“Oh no, that is not a problem. However, even when you have wonderful champagne you still want to taste a different brand. It doesn’t make the original taste any different.” Aaron said.

“You are a lucky man that your champagnes get along with each other.” Katie said and Aaron laughed.

“Yeah, that is very true.” Aaron said.

Katie took another coffee from him and smiled. She couldn’t wait to confirm her pregnancy so she could get a hold of that black cock again. She smiled when she thought of how excited Brad would be to watch. She loved the men in her life. She turned and brought the coffee to Sarah.

Madison and Sam finished their breakfasts and pushed the table away from the bed. Katie started gathering the trash and pulled the table farther away. Madison realized she had to go to the bathroom again. She started to slide off the bed.

“Where are you going, rock star?” Sam said as her blind friend stood next to the bed.

“Bathroom, but I want to try and get there by myself. Can you come with me and help, but only if I fall or something?” Madison said.

“Yep, bathroom escort at your service.” Sam said and Madison giggled.

Madison shuffled into the bathroom, holding the wall and then the sink. Sam followed, amazed at how easily Madison navigated the walk. Madison lifted her gown and sat down. Sam closed the door, knelt and put her hands on Madison’s knees.

“Rock star, you are amazing, and incredibly beautiful.” Sam said and Madison smiled.

Sam heard the tinkle of the water and she looked down at Madison’s smooth pussy as the urine flowed out of it. She had a flashback of her daddy and the other man peeing on her in the bathtub at the motel. She shivered when she thought about it, but she wasn’t sure if the shiver was good or bad.

“Do you like watching me pee?” Madison said, smiling.

“I haven’t told you everything about the things my daddy did, but he peed on me.” Sam said softly.

“Seriously? Did that freak you out?” Madison said.

“Yes, but mainly because it was daddy and another mean man.” Sam said.

“A stranger did that to you too?” Madison said.

“Yes, we have a lot to talk about when we get out of here. I had to tell the police and now I want to tell my best friend. It feels good to talk about it, like it gets easier every time I say it.” Sam said.

“Then I am here for you, my ears still work great.” Madison said and Sam hugged her.

“I love you.” Sam said into Madison’s neck as she held her. Madison wrapped her arms around her friend.

“I love you two pretty girl, even if you like watching me pee.” Madison said and Sam laughed.

Sam pulled back and kissed Madison on the lips gently. She slipped her tongue out of her mouth and Madison opened her lips. Sam moved her tongue over Madison’s lips and then inside her mouth. She felt Madison’s tongue meet hers and she pulled her closer as they kissed.

“I missed those kisses.” Madison said.

“Me too, in fact my plan is to kiss all over your cute body the first chance I get when we get out of here.” Sam said.

“That sounds like fun.” Madison said.

“We could start now.” Sam said and ran her hands up to caress Madison’s breasts. Madison moaned as her friend touched her.

“That feels so good.” Madison said and leaned back.

Sam lifted the gown and moved forward, taking a stiff nipple into her mouth. She licked and sucked, and she felt Madison put her hand on the back of her head. She moved to the other nipple and bit it gently. She heard Madison take a quick breath. She moved her hand down and touched the smooth pussy of her friend as she snacked on her nipple. She slipped her fingers through her soft lips, and she felt the wetness starting as Madison started to breath faster.

Madison loved it when Sam kissed her nipples. She held onto her friend’s head and leaned back. She felt Sam touch her pussy and her mind reeled as she felt the electricity as she sat on the toilet. It was confusing to her, but the pleasure soon overwhelmed her as her friend controlled her body. Sam kissed down her belly and then she felt her kissing her thighs as she spread her legs. Madison felt her pussy open and then Sam’s tongue touched her.

Sam felt Madison lurch when she touched her open pussy with her tongue. Her pussy tasted different, but she loved it, she was pretty sure she would always love the taste of Madison’s pussy. She licked her friend and then flicked her tongue over the small clit. Madison shivered and Sam sucked the little button and clamped down on it with her lips. Madison lost it and Sam held her friend as she came sitting on the toilet in the hospital bathroom.

“You are as weird as me.” Madison said as she let go of Sam’s head.

“Yep, that’s why we are such good friends.” Sam said and took Madison’s hand and kissed it.

Madison touched Sam’s face and felt moisture. She ran her fingers over her cheeks and then touched her lips, Sam kissing her fingers as she touched her. Sam sucked one of her fingers into her mouth and Madison moaned. She pulled her finger slowly out of Sam’s mouth.

“Your face is wet, is that me?” Madison said.

“Yes, ma’am, you should taste it, it is marvelous.” Sam said and Madison giggled.

“Someone is very excited.” Madison said.

“You think? I have been wanting to kiss you since we got here and then when that man touched my butt and legs last night it felt like his fingers were on fire.” Sam said.

“I know, he touched my back and then the top of my butt. His fingers felt hot, and they felt really good. Is it him or are we just going crazy in here?” Madison said.

“I think it might be a combination, but I think I want to visit him again before we leave.” Sam said.

“Sounds like a plan to me. Do you mind if I get off the toilet, now?” Madison said and Sam laughed.

Madison grabbed some toilet paper and wiped herself out of habit, but she felt like Sam already took care of that. She would have to ask her about that later. She felt Sam take her hand and help her to stand. She felt Sam’s arms and then she was in a hug again. She wrapped her arms around her friend and held her for a little while.

Katie helped Sarah back to her bed and then walked out to the desk to tell Stacy about Sarah’s pain. She walked back in, and Sarah was asleep again. She pulled the sheet up to cover her and pushed some hair off Sarah’s face. The girls were still in the bathroom, and she smiled, she could only imagine what was going on in there.

Aaron sat and watched Katie take care of Sarah. He was amazed at how motherly she had become lately. For the longest time she was just the trophy wife that needed as much cock as you could give her. He had fucked her in the car, his apartment and even over her kitchen table while Brad sat and drank his coffee. How she had transformed to what he was watching was a mystery to him and then he saw movement to his left and he saw two cute girls walk out of the bathroom in gowns that let him see their little bodies easily. He looked back at Katie and figured those two had a lot to do with her new identity. He was still looking forward to fucking her again as soon as Brad finished breeding her, pussy like that was addicting.

“Where is Aaron?” Madison said as they walked out of the bathroom.

“He is sitting in the chair.” Sam said and led her friend towards Aaron.

Madison reached out and Aaron took her hand. She climbed onto his lap, and he wrapped a big arm around her as she snuggled against his chest. Sam stood next to the chair and Aaron put his other arm around her and pulled her closer. She put her hand on his shoulder as he held her.

“I miss you Aaron and thank you again for saving me.” Madison said.

“Little one, you and Sam are the heroes in this story.” Aaron said.

“He would have hurt us more if you had not saved us.” Madison said and Aaron kissed her on the top of her head.

Aaron felt Sam move closer and then she kissed him on the cheek.

“You did save us; my daddy was really mad, and I know he was going to hurt me more.” Sam said.

Aaron looked at her face and she was not smiling. She looked scared suddenly and he felt his anger rise. He regretted not snapping her father’s neck when he had the chance.

“I promise he won’t hurt you anymore.” Aaron said and she smiled. She hugged his head, and he felt her small breasts against his cheek.

Stacy walked in and saw the girls draped all over Aaron. She thought it looked interesting to see a huge black man covered with two little white girls. These girls had her so wound up everything she saw looked sexual. This scene wasn’t too hard to imagine something hot coming out of it. She walked over to Katie.

“I talked to Ortho; they never saw her. They are coming in a little while to look at her here.” Stacy said as she looked down at Sarah sleeping.

“Thank you, Stacy, she is in a lot of pain, and she won’t say anything.” Katie said.

“Mother bear syndrome.” Stacy said and Katie looked at her.

“What is that?” Katie said.

“When a child gets hurt, the parents, usually the mom, go into protection mode and ignore anything they are feeling while their child is in pain. Then when the child is better, we find out how serious the injuries to the parent are.” Stacy said.

“Yeah, she definitely had that, and then a lot of guilt poured on top when she found out what happened to Sam.” Katie said.

“That was horrible, I cannot imagine what they went through.” Stacy said.

Katie took a deep breath and looked down at her new friend. She felt some guilt as well for not seeing the situation earlier. She heard laughter and looked over to see the girls draped all over Aaron and all of them laughing.

“They sure do love him.” Stacy said.

“Yes, we all do, he is a big teddy bear that is a great protector and friend.” Katie said.

“It is cute.” Stacy said.

Katie watched Sam hug Aaron and she smiled. She loved seeing the girls loving on him, she knew what he was going through lately and this will make him feel a lot better. Madison looked like she was being swallowed by his arm and body as she snuggled into his lap. Katie saw a smile on Madison’s face, and she realized that she probably needed this as well. Everyone needs their Aaron time.

Becca walked into the room and saw Aaron holding both girls. It looked really cute, and she stopped next to them. Sam looked at her and Becca felt her heart shiver. Sam held out her hand and Becca took the small hand in hers.

“I have to go home; you guys will probably be gone when I come back so I came to say goodbye.” Becca said.

Sam moved towards Becca and hugged her. Becca felt the small tight body against hers and she knew tomorrow was going to suck around here. She kissed Sam on the top of the head and tried to memorize her smell. She took a deep breath and Sam broke the hug.

“You are the best nurse I have ever had.” Sam said.

“How many nurses have you had?” Becca said and smiled. Sam smiled and hugged her again.

“Madison, you keep your head up and I have a feeling you will get your miracle.” Becca said.

“Thanks Becca, I will miss you.” Madison said.

“Not as much as I am going to miss you guys.” Becca said.

“Hey, Bec, do you need anything before you leave?” Stacy said.

“To put this one in my trunk maybe?” Becca said and Sam laughed.

“That can be arranged.” Stacy said and Sam looked at her.

“I wish, but no, I am good, you should be all set. The charts are updated, and things are way different then yesterday.” Becca said.

“Tell me about it, Hazel is like a different person. It is weird.” Stacy said.

“Well, we know what happened there.” Becca said and kissed the top of Sam’s head again.

“Yes, we do. I will see you tonight.” Stacy said.

“Yeah, have a good day.” Becca said.

“Becca, can I walk with you a little on your way out?” Sam said and Becca looked down to see a cute face looking up at her.

“Sure, kid. Let’s go.” Becca said and took her hand.

“Madison, he is all yours for a few minutes.” Sam said and Madison smiled.

Becca walked out of the room holding Sam’s hand. Stacy and Katie looked at each other.

“They are like an infection; they get into your heart.” Katie said and Stacy nodded.

“I need to go check on Ortho and I do have a couple of other patients.” Stacy said.

“I am so sorry; we are sucking up all your time.” Katie said.

“No worries, I don’t mind at all. Hazel is happy with her family and Pettigrew is awake and talking to his wife. Frank might be getting a little cranky, I will have to check on him.” Stacy said and walked to the door.

“I will let you know what Ortho says, we will make sure they see her today before the girls leave.” Stacy said.

“Thank you, Stacy.” Katie said and Stacy left the room.

Katie looked down at Aaron and he was smiling as he held Madison on his lap.

“Comfortable?” Katie said.

“Very.” Aaron said.

“I am going to get some more coffee; do you want one?” Katie said.

“Yeah, that would be good, that first one went down fast.” Aaron said and Katie walked out.

Aaron looked down at Madison and she turned her head to him. He felt sad as he saw her eyes staring off over his shoulder. He put his hand on her cheek.

“This feels nice, are you comfortable? Do you want to get back in bed?” Aaron said.

“Nope, I want to stay right here.” Madison said and wiggled more into his chest.

“Good.” Aaron said and hugged her head against his chest.

“You know, I am still going to be after you, have you ever been with a blind girl?” Madison said.

“No, I can’t say that I have.” Aaron said.

“Do you think you would want to?” Madison said softly.

“More than you can imagine, I just don’t want to hurt you.” Aaron said.

“What makes you think you will hurt me?” Madison said.

“First of all, you are very small, and I am very big.” Aaron said.

“I am well aware of how big you are, remember?” Madison said.

“Yes, I will never forget that.” Aaron said and saw the image of her looking at him with his cock in her mouth. That is a memory that will never fade, he thought.

“So, we will make another memory for you and a much better one for me.” Madison said.

“You are anything if not persistent.” Aaron said.

“No, I just want to have sex with someone that loves me for a change.” Madison said.

Aaron felt his chest tighten and he squeezed her. He heard her take a deep breath. He knew it was just a matter of time now, he felt like he was in her trap, and she wasn’t going to let him go. He leaned his head back in the chair and just held her.

Katie walked back in the room and saw that Aaron and Madison were both asleep as well as Sarah. Sam was still gone, she figured that Becca’s goodbye was going a little long. She sat on Madison’s bed and looked at them asleep in the chair. She sipped her coffee as she thought of how much her life had changed the last couple of months. She went from a shallow girl that loved the fancy life to sitting in a hospital room with two young girls and possibly a life growing inside her. She took another sip and thought about how she wouldn’t change a thing.

Becca looked down at the young girl in her arms and wondered what she was doing. They were standing in a small waiting room near the elevator. No one else was in the room and Sam was hugging her again. She sat in a chair and Sam sat on her lap. She put a hand on a smooth warm thigh and felt her pussy tingle. She rubbed the wonderful soft skin and wondered if she had ever felt anything so nice.

“Will you come over and have a sleepover with me sometime?” Sam said.

“Honey, that doesn’t sound like a good idea.” Becca said.

“Why not?” Sam said.

“You are so young, and I am not. It would not be right.” Becca said and she saw a frown on the cute little face.

“I don’t understand why I can’t be with someone that loves me because I am too young. I was forced to be with people who did not even like me when I was even younger and they did horrible things to me, my age didn’t seem to stop them. That does not seem fair.” Sam said and Becca saw the pretty blue eyes start to get glassy.

“Sweetheart, I am so sorry.” Becca said and hugged Sam to her chest.

“I just don’t want this to be the last time I see you.” Sam said and sniffled.

“Okay, I promise that this will not be the last time. We will see each other again, just maybe not a sleepover.” Becca said.

“Good, but you know I can kiss you in the daytime as well.” Sam said into her chest.

“You are a naughty girl.” Becca said.

“Aaron says that to us all the time.” Sam said.

Becca thought about that statement and then remembered the girls crawling all over Aaron. Possible images of those three ran across her brain and her panties got really warm. She felt movement and then Sam was looking at her. She watched her move closer and then she felt the soft young lips touch hers. She instinctively looked to see if anyone had walked in the room and then pulled the girl closer and kissed her hard. She loved the taste and feel of this girl so much.

Sam kissed Becca for as long as possible, she didn’t want to let her go. She wanted so badly to have her alone somewhere so they could really explore each other. She would have to get Katie to help her get her favorite nurse over to the house so they could hang out by the pool. Good things happened by that pool. Sam pulled back and looked at Becca. She looked worried.

“Becca, don’t be sad.” Sam said.

“I am sorry, I have just enjoyed the last couple of days so much.” Becca said.

“Yeah, me too, that was the best shower ever.” Sam said and smiled.

“It was, wasn’t it.” Becca said.

“I am not sure what will happen to me in the next few months, but I know I will need as many friends as possible around me. You can be part of that if you want.” Sam said.

“I think I want.” Becca said.

“Good, now kiss me again.” Sam said and Becca did as she was ordered.
