Strip O'NO 99 

By Liana M 

@(C) Copyright 2007 by Liana M, all rights reserved. 

I was a teenage closet exhibitionist. I stood in front of my mirror practicing removing my bra or shyly slipping my panties down. Was it sexier to slide the bra down your arms or slip if off your arms while holding it against your breasts and then suddenly pull it away? Maybe it was better to turn my back and twirl it above my head, before turning around to show my 34Bs. Was it sexier to be the shy girl reluctantly showing what she had or the brazen exhibitionist, proudly displaying her assets? I could never decide, but thinking about it was one of my favorite ways of getting in the mood for an autoerotic release of tensions before bedtime. 

I wasn't thinking of being a professional stripper, but it excited me to imagine titillating a room full of people. I had boyfriends in high school, and learned all about the delights of oral sex, both giving and receiving. Still there was something about stripping in front of a room full of people, every eye staring at me as I slowly disrobed. It dominated my teenage fantasy life, but remained just a fantasy. 

The summer before I went to college, I spent a few nights at the lake with most of my high school girl friends. Most of us were working and couldn't get off on a weekend, so we did it midweek. We stayed at a cabin owned by one of the girl's families. The cabin was very crowded with 7 of us, but we found room on the floor for everyone's sleeping bag. There were other cabins nearby, but no one else was there in the middle of the week, so we were pretty isolated. 

On the last night we agreed we should do something memorable, because we were all going off to different colleges in a few weeks and probably wouldn't get to see much of each other for a long time. 

"How about truth or dare?" Carol suggested. 

"That's no fun," said Tracy. "Who's going to take a dare anyway. " 

"We could play strip poker with dares," Carol said. "That would force the loser to take some dares. " 

"Strip poker?" Liz asked. "But there are no boys?" 

"The dares are the thing," Carol replied. "The stripping is to pick who has to do the dares. " 

"Poker's not fair," Kat protested. "I don't have any idea how to play. " 

"Either do I," said Karen. 

We looked around at each other. 

"How about O'NO 99," suggested Melody. "We all know how to play that. " 

"Strip O'NO 99," Liz said. "Wow, it would make a good stripping game. " 

If you have never heard of O'NO 99, it was a 1980s game made by the same company as UNO. I don't think it is made anymore. In fact it may have been discontinued even back then, but there was a deck in the cabin and we had played the night before. 

The deck has cards numbered two through ten and some special cards. Everyone is dealt four cards. You then go around the circle playing cards and drawing a new one to replace it. The person that plays the card that brings the total of all cards played to 99 or higher is the loser. Initially everyone plays the biggest cards, and the total goes up quickly. Then people play the smaller cards they had been saving or one of the special cards to avoid being the loser. There are a few minus 10 cards, reverse direction cards, hold cards and double play cards. 

O'NO 99 really makes a great stripping game. Too bad it isn't available anymore. 

"But what about the dares?" I asked. "Who makes up the dares?" 

"Let's agree on a set of dares," Carol said. "We'll make them progressively worse and play till someone chickens out. " 

"I like that," Kat said. "How about running out across the main highway and back naked?" 

"That sounds like one," Carol said. "But let's start with something easier like dancing naked on the table. " 

"That would be a lot harder if there were guys here," I said. 

"That's true," Carol said. "But not much we can do about it. " 

"Oh, but there is," said Tracy. 

"What, go out and pick up some guys?" asked Kat. 

"No, no," said Tracy. "There is a big shopping mall on the way home tomorrow. We could stop there and do some flashing. " 

"What!" I said. "We could get arrested for that. " 

"Not if it were done so it looked accidental," Tracy said. 

"What do you mean?" Kat asked. 

"Like wear a really lose fitting, low cut top and no bra," Tracy said. "Then go up to some guy and lean over to give him a good peek down your blouse. " 

"Wow," Carol said. "That would be outrageous. " 

"And not just any guy," Tracy continued. "We get to pick which guy. " 

"Your going to make the losers flash a dirty old man, aren't you, Tracy" said Karen. 

"Not necessarily," said Tracy. "Besides it could be me doing the flashing. " 

"It could be all of us, if nobody chickens out," I said. 

"Yeah, we need something worse than that," said Carol. 

"How about a short skirt, no panties, and you have bend over in front of a guy," said Tracy. 

"What!" said Liz. "No way. " 

"Then you chicken out," Carol said. 

"Yeah," said Tracy. "The whole point is to come up with dares someone won't do. " 

"So, does everyone agree?" asked Carol. 

We looked at each other. 

"I guess so," said Liz meekly. 

Melody got the O'NO 99 cards out and we all gathered around the kitchen table. The table was small for seven girls and we only had six chairs, so Tracy ended up sitting on a box we had found the night before. 

"Some of us have more clothes than I do," Karen complained. "I need to go put more clothes on. " 

"This is all about dares," Carol said. "Let's make it simple. Everyone just gets two pieces of clothing. All the clothes above the waist is the first item, and all the clothes below the waist is the second. " 

We looked around at each other. We were all wearing shorts and tops. Some of us had bras and some didn't, but this would even things up. No one objected, so we dealt out the cards for the first game. 

Kat lost the first game. She removed her t-shirt and bra without any hesitation. It was all girls here after all. 

Tracy was the first one naked. I had lost my top by then too. Carol was the first to have to do the dance on the table dare. She climbed up on the table looking really embarrassed. She wiggled her hips around, and moved to the music, but she was clearly uncomfortable the whole time. 

Then my luck took a turn for the worse. I lost two hands in a row, and I was naked and had to dance on the table. They had an old boom box for music. There wasn't much music to choose from. I picked The Cars "My Best Friend's Girl". 

I had fantasized about dancing nude in front of other people, but I had always imagined guys or couples, not a bunch of giggling teenage girls. I tried my best to make my dance suggestive. I bent over and wiggled my behind in the girl's faces. I squeezed my modest breasts and leaned over so they hung down and looked as big as I could make them. I danced over to Tracy, and wiggled my breasts at her, which caused her to burst out laughing. By the time my dance was over, everyone was laughing. 

"Wow, I didn't know Liana was a stripper," Kat said. 

Years later when I found out how real strippers do it. I realized that my teenage attempt was really pretty tame. 

"Ok, let's see who is next to dance," I said, trying to turn the tables on them. 

We got the cards back out and dealt out the next hand. Fortunately, at least for me, Liz lost and was now naked. 

A few hands later and after Kat had also done her dance, I lost again. 

"Now you have to run out across the highway," Kat beamed at me. 

"Can I wear shoes?" I asked. 

"Sure," Kat said. "Why not. " 

I got my tennis shoes and put them on. 

"Now you have to touch the telephone pole on the other side of the highway," Kat said. 

"Ok," I replied as I stepped out the door. 

Although it had been warm all day, now that it was dark it was a little cool outside. Also there were lots of mosquitoes at night. I started up the road at a brisk jog. The section of the road near the cabin was dark. There were a few other cabins around, but no one else was here midweek. It was about a quarter mile up the road to the main highway. As I approached it, I could see the streetlight at the intersection. I heard a car go rushing by although there were still some trees and brush that cut off the view. Although it was late, there was still some traffic on the main highway. 

I reach the end of the brush that protected the side road from the main highway. I paused and walked over to peer around the brush. The main highway was about 50 yards away. I would have to run those 50 yards, plus across the highway and back without a car coming. Clearly if a car came along at the wrong time, I could not get back before they would see me. 

As I assessed the situation, I heard a truck approaching. I moved back behind the brush and waited for the truck to pass. I heard it pass, followed closely be a couple of cars. Then there was silence. I decided this was my moment. 

I started to run as fast as I could toward the road. As I neared the highway, I heard the sound of an approaching car. I slowed down looking back. It was too late to make it back to the brush by the side road. The brush on the other side of the highway was closer. I made a dash across the highway and into the bushes on the other side. I ran between two bushes, but there really wasn't any opening. I heard the car pass by behind me. The car didn't seem to slow down at all, so I assumed he had not seen me or had taken me for some animal. 

I pushed my way out between the bushes and walked over to touch the telephone pole, then jogged back across the highway and ran for the cover of the brush along the side road. I made it safely back to the bushes without another car approaching. I walked back along the road to the cabin with only a few scratches from hiding in the bushes. 

"Here's Liana," I heard Kat yell. 

"How did it go?" Tracy asked. 

"Yeah," Kat said. "Did anyone see you?" 

"I don't think so," I said. "There was a car, but I got in the bushes. " 

"Wow," Liz said. 

"There are still cars," I said. "And the bushes end too far from the road to be sure you can make it across. " 

The other girls looked at each other. 

"Yeah, but if you loose again," Kat said. "You will be flashing dirty old men tomorrow. " 

"I'm not losing again," I said. "My luck is changing. " 

We went back inside. Nobody was ready to chicken out, so we continued to play. My luck did indeed seem to improve. First Tracy and then Liz and Kat had to make the dash across the highway, apparently without being seen. 

Then Kat lost again. 

"I'm going to find a dirty old man for you," Tracy laughed. "And if you lose again, you'll be flashing him more than just your boobies. " 

"I wouldn't be so confident Tracy," Kat said. "I think you are going to be the next loser, and you are going to be flashing your boobies at dirty old men too. " 

"So then you haven't had enough yet," Tracy said. 

"I'm not chickening out now," Kat said. "I want to see you flashing your boobies and derriere. " 

Tracy laughed. 

"It could be anyone of us," Carol said. "Unless someone wants to chicken out now. " 

No one said anything, so the cards were dealt again. 

It wasn't Kat or Tracy that lost the next hand, but Melody. Melody was a shy, quiet girl, but so far she had been fairly lucky. All she had to do was dance on the table. 

"God this is embarrassing," Melody said as she climbed up on the table. "I'm glad there aren't any guys here. I would die. " 

Melody wiggled and danced to a tune, and we had a good laugh watching her. Melody seemed to get over here initial shyness and smiled as her track ended. 

The next hand Melody lost again, and had to do the dash across the highway. Melody was gone a long time. We were getting worried if we should go out looking for her when she finally came back. 

"What took you so long?" Carol asked. 

"A car came by just as I reached the road," Melody said. "I had to run back. " 

"Did they see you?" Carol asked. 

"I think so," Melody said. "The car slowed down, but I was behind the bushes again. I waited a long time to make sure they were not coming back to look for me. " 

"Wow," Carol said. "So are you ready to quit Melody?" 

Melody paused. We were all naked at this point. Seven naked teenage girls in a cabin in the woods playing chicken with flashing dares. Melody was the first one of us that got seen by strangers. Was that enough to make her quit? Was she willing to risk flashing more? 

"Let's play some more," Melody said. "Heck some drunk guys probably just saw me completely naked. " 

I was surprised Melody was this brave. I was hopping she would chicken out, because I didn't really want to lose again. 

The very next hand I lost. 

"You're going to be wiggling those little boobies at dirty old men," Tracy said. 

"Or cute young guys," Carol added. "Whichever we decide. " 

Little did they know that something like that had been one of my favorite fantasies, but while it was a fantasy, the thought of making it real scared me. 

"So are you ready to quit, Liana?" Carol asked. 

"Or are you willing to risk showing them more skin?" asked Tracy. 

"Yeah," Kat said. "Flashing your pussy from behind. " 

Flashing a guy like this was would be a fantasy fulfilled. I had spent many hours of my teenage years in front of the mirror undressing, and I would always bend over and look back to see what I looked like from behind, but I was still frightened by the thought of really doing it. 

The deciding factor was I really didn't want to be the one to chicken out. 

"Let's play," I said. 

"Alright," Kat said. "Liana wants a chance to do her stripper routine for the guys. " 

Oh my god. Had Kat figured out I had stripper fantasies? 

"Right," I said. "And I haven't notice you being shy about it. " 

We dealt the cards out again. As the total went up, things were looking bad for me. I had only big cards and would lose unless somebody did before me. Karen sitting next to me thought for a minute and then played a reverse card that literally saved my butt, at least for the moment. 

"Damn," Melody said. "I can't play now. Why did you do that to me Karen?" 

"It was the only card I could play," Karen protested. 

"So Melody will now be flashing tomorrow along with Liana and Kat," Tracy said. "So, want to quit now Melody?" 

I was hopping Melody was ready to quit. 

"No way," Melody said. "I'm not a quitter. " 

Melody surprised me. Was she a shy little fantasy stripper too? 

Things were now getting tense. Melody, Kat and I had already lost the down blouse dare. Liz and Tracy had both streaked. Only Karen was yet to do a dare. As the total rapidly shot up, you could feel the tension. I had a minus ten card when it got to me, and I played it. Carol played a ten, putting it right back up there. 

"I hate to do this," Liz said. "But I have to. " 

Liz played a double play card. This meant that now Kat had to play twice. 

Kat threw her cards on the table. 

"I can't even play once," Kat said. 

"All right Kat," Tracy said. "It looks like you will be going commando tomorrow. " 

"I've got the guts to do it," Kat said. "Do you girls?" 

"Hey, I took the risk," I said. 

"So did I," added Melody. 

"We all took our risks," Carol said. "You just lost Kat. " 

"I'm willing to play for higher risks," Kat said. "If you girls have the guts to keep playing. " 

"What sort of 'higher risk' are you talking about," Tracy said. 

"I don't know," Kat said. "We have to think of one. " 

"Something outrageous," Tracy said. "That won't get us arrested. " 

"How about kissing or feeling up another girl," Karen said. 

"But it needs to be a solo dare," Carol said. 

"Ok," Karen said. 

There was a long silence while we all tried to think of some worse dare. 

"How about Jilling off," Melody said. 

Everyone turned and looked at Melody. She blushed and her face turned red. 

"Wow," Carol said. "That would be an outrageous dare. " 

I was shocked. I couldn't believe that Melody of all people would suggest something like that. Kat looked at Melody. 

"If you promise to keep playing when you loose again, I'll keep playing," Kat said. 

"You mean, 'if 'I loose," Melody said. 

"Ok, will you play for this dare, if you loose?" Kat said. 

Melody's face was now pink with embarrassment. 

"Yes," Melody said defiantly. 

"Then we play on," Kat said. 

I couldn't believe Melody and Kat. I had been a fantasy stripper, but Jilling off in front of other people! I had never even imagined that. I couldn't possibly do that. Would they really do it? Would they fake it? Even faking it would be embarrassing. If I lost again, I would have to chicken out. No way was I going to risk that. 

We dealt the cards and again and resume the game. Everyone seemed to be more serious about the game suddenly. People were taking time selecting the card to play. Of course Kat was being careful, but so was everyone else. As luck would have it, it was Karen that lost. Karen hadn't done any dares yet. All she had to do was dance on the table. 

Karen didn't seem to be shy about dancing on the table at all. She seemed to get into it, bending over and wiggling her butt in our faces. When her song was finished we got the cards and continued the game. 

Everyone was still being extra careful not to make a mistake, but the game was mostly luck. The total was now 95, and Liz next to me was thinking what to play. 

"Sorry, Liana, but this is all I can play," Liz said, dropping a double play card on the table. 

I had a three, eight, minus 10 and a reverse card. I could play the three and minus 10 cards, and see if Karen had anything. I was just about to play the three, when I changed my mind. Liz was probably out of low cards. I could play the reverse card, which would reverse the double play back to Liz. It's not that I didn't like Liz, I just wanted the game to end. 

"Sorry, Liz, but I got to play this," I said. 

"Damn," Liz said, throwing her cards on the table. 

I pushed my cards into the pile so Liz couldn't see that I didn't really need to play the reverse. 

"All right, Liz," Tracy said. "Are you ready to wiggle your tities for the guys" 

"I guess I'll have to," Liz said. 

"So now we have Liz, Liana and Kat all flashing their tities tomorrow," Tracy said. "Are we going for more?" 

"No way," Liz said. "I'm finished. The rest of you can keep playing, but without me. " 

"We said the game was over when the first person chickened out," Melody said. 

"Then the game is over," Liz said. "I chicken out. " 

That brought our little dare game to an end, but I still had to settle up my final dare the next day. We all got ready for bed, but my head was still spinning from Melody's dare. When it was my turn to use the bathroom, I just couldn't resist. I sat on the toilet seat, spread my legs wide, and started fingering myself. I imagined doing this in front of Kat and Melody. Then my mind drifted, and I was doing it in front of guys. I came so hard I had to cover my mouth to keep from crying out. I held one hand over my mouth as I slowly rubbed myself to bring out the last little waves of pleasure. I lay there drifting in some nirvana state of mind for seconds or minutes, I do not know. When I regained my composure, I pulled my pajamas back on, and went to bed. In my relaxed state, I was able to fall to sleep quickly. 

The next day we packed up and headed home. We stopped off at a big mall that was about 50 miles from where we lived, so there would be no chance of anyone recognizing us. 

The first item was to go buy a blouse to use for flashing. It needed to be a low cut, button up blouse that was a little large, and it had to also fit Kat, Melody, and Liz. We headed to the department store and picked out a few blouses and went to the dressing room. Tracy and Carol checked each of the blouses out on all four of us that had to flash. If there were hidden cameras in that dressing room, the security people must have thought we were a bunch of crazy teenage girls, which of course we were. 

Tracy and Carol finally picked this red blouse with big buttons. They thought the big buttons made if fall away from our chests better when we leaned over. We paid for the blouse and headed to the rest room to change. We decide Kat had to go first. She took off her bra and put on the red blouse. We headed out to find her flashing victim. 

Kat had very big breasts, really too big to go without a bra. The seven of us cruised around the mall. Tracy and Carol were trying to pick out Kat's lucky guy who got a free peak down Kat's blouse. 

"How about that guy sitting on the bench there," Tracy said. 

"Oh, you are really trying to find a dirty old man," Kat protested. 

"He doesn't look like a dirty old man to me," Carol laughed. 

"But what can I do," Kat protested. "I can't just bend over for no reason. " 

"Sit down on the bench with him," Tracy said. "Then lean over and pretend to look for something in your purse. " 

Kat walked slowly over to the bench and sat down with a couple of feet separating them. Kat set her purse on the bench between them and leaned over to rummage through it. At first the older man didn't seem to notice. Then he must have seen. He started glancing over at Kat every few seconds. He clearly didn't want to stare, but he couldn't stop himself from looking back. Kat finally pulled out what looked like an address book, sat up and started looking through it. 

We were all giggling and trying not to attract attention to Kat. The older man glanced over at Kat and decided the show must be over. He looked off the other way. 

Carol started pointing down, trying to signal Kat to look around in her purse some more. Kat glared back at Carol, but then put the address book back into her purse, leaned over and started looking through it again. Kat had a large purse and it was full of stuff, so this was a good ploy. It took only a few seconds for the man to notice Kat was bending over again and started glancing in her direction. He seemed to sit up straighter on the bench to get a better angle. After about a minute, Kat appeared to give up looking. She stood up and walked back towards us. 

Carol motioned us around a corner. She did want the man on the bench to see Kat come up and greet us. We waited just around the corner. When Kat walked up Carol and Tracy burst out laughing. The rest of us were giggling. 

"I wouldn't laugh too much," Kat said. "You're up next Liana. " 

She was right. We were going in the order we lost, so I was next, then Melody and Liz. 

"Yeah," I said. "But we still need to get you a micro-mini skirt for your final dare. " 

"Nobody said anything about a micro-mini skirt," Kat protested. 

"A short skirt anyway," Tracy laughed. 

"Ok, Liana," Carol said. "You and Kat need to go get changed. " 

This was it. Kat and I went back to the women's room. I took off my t-shirt and bra and put them in the shopping bag. Kat handed me the loose fitting, low cut blouse. I buttoned it all the way up and experimented with it in the mirror. 

My breasts are a small 34B. I didn't really need a bra, but I almost always wore one anyway. My nipples are often erect, and I find showing off my erect nipples embarrassing, so as a teenager I wore a padded bra to cover up my nipples. I didn't have to worry with this loose blouse, even though my nipples were rock hard. I straighten the blouse in the mirror and checked my hair. 

I could feel the muscles in my stomach tighten and my heart was beating faster. I took a deep breath and walked out of the women's room. I found the other girls not far from where I had left them. 

"We found a really nice guy for you," Tracy said. 

"Ok," I said. "What dirty old man have you picked for me?" 

"Not old at all," Carol said. "See that booth down there which sells jewelry and watches. " 

She pointed to a small stand in the middle of the main mall walk way. 

"Yeah, I see it," I said. 

"There's a cute young guy selling watches down there," Carol said. "You can lean over the counter and pretend to look at watches while you give him a peak. " 

"Give him a good show," Karen said as I started down the mall towards the stand. 

As I picked my way through traffic in the busy mall, I could feel the tension. I tried not to think of what I was going to do, but it was the only thing I could think about. I was so excited my hands were shaking a little. 

I finally reached the stand, such as it was. It consisted of two glass top display cases filled with watches and some jewelry. There was one young man standing between the display cases talking to an older woman who was looking at watches. I circled around the stand to check out what it had. The other side had women's watches, so I pretended to look at them while I waited for the young clerk to finish with the other woman. I decided to tell him I was looking for a watch for my mother's birthday. 

"I'll be with you in a minute," the clerk said to me. 

The woman on the other side was now buying something. I waited while he rang up her purchase. 

"Can I show you something," he said. 

I smiled at him, and thought to myself: 'No, I'm going to show you something. ' 

"Yes," I said. "I'm looking for a watch for my mother's birthday. " 

"Do you see anything that you like," he said. 

I leaned over the counter and pretended to be looking closely at the watches. I could feel the blouse fall away from my chest, exposing my breasts. 

"Can I look at that one right there," I pointed at a watch randomly. 

The clerk stooped down to open the back of the case. Out of the corner of my eye I could see the clerk froze momentarily staring down my blouse. I realized I had been bending over too much earlier to give him a view. My heart was now beating so hard I wondered if he could hear. 

"This one?" the clerk asked, pointing at the watch I had indicated. 

"No the one next to it," I said just to keep him down there. 

I could see him glancing up at me and I knew he was looking right down my blouse, but I didn't want to make eye contact. That would give it all away. 

"No the one behind that," I said making him work for the free show I was giving him. 

He grabbed the watch from the case and put it on the top of the case. I picked the watch up and leaned over the case slightly. My hands were shaking as I picked up the watch and looked at it. I'm not sure I leaned over enough this time for him to see anything, but my head was spinning and I had to get out of there. 

"Sorry," I said with a smile. "I don't think it's the style she would like. " 

"That's ok," he said with a huge grin on his face. 

I walked away as fast as I dared and never looked back. 

I spotted the other girls dashing back around a corner in the mall, and went over to meet them. 

"Wooo," Tracy said. "You looked like you were having fun there. " 

"Yeah," Melody said. "Did he get your number?" 

"No," I said. "I'm still shaking. I've never been so scared before. " 

"Scared or excited?" Carol asked. 

"Scared," I answered, but the truth was both. I could feel my panties were getting moist. 

"Melody, your up next," Carol said. 

Melody and I walked back to the rest room in silence, and I changed back into my bra and t-shirt. 

The rest of the afternoon was a blur to me. I wanted to get home so badly where I could do something to relief the tension from all this excitement. 

Melody had to flash a man working at a booth collecting money for some charity. Liz had to flash a guy in a bookstore. I didn't pay much attention. I just kept thinking about the grin on that clerks face. Did he know I had deliberately flashed him? Or did he just think I was careless? I couldn't decide. 

We bought a short skirt for Kat's final dare. The girls decided Kat should flash a clerk in a shoe store. She went in and tried on some shoes, then turned her back on the clerk and bent over to pick something up. We were all standing out side the store, and even outside I could see her pussy. The clerk was trying to be very cool about the whole thing. Kat got out of there very quickly, and we all had a big laugh about it. 

We piled back into the van for the rest of the ride home. Tracy, Carol and Karen kept asking us what it felt like. 

"It was weird," Liz said. "Exciting and embarrassing at the same time. " 

"Yeah," Melody said. 

"If you want to find out what if feels like," I said. "Let's go back and you do it. " 

Everybody laughed at that, but nobody wanted to go back. I sure didn't. 

When I got home, I headed straight up my room, and jumped in bed to relieve all that built up tension. It only took a couple of minutes for me to reach an intense climax. After a few minutes of drifting in semi-consciousness I began to think about that final dare that no one had done. Could I Jill off like that in front of my girl friends? What about in front of guys? Could I Jill off for that clerk in the mall? 

I suddenly had a whole new set of fantasies. That night just before bed I placed my chair in front of my closet mirror, sat down completely naked, spread my legs wide and ran my hands over my body. I squeezed my breasts and pinched the nipples. My head was spinning. I licked my fingers and gently rubbed around my clit. I closed my eyes and saw that clerk smiling at me. I pushed my middle finger into my pussy. It was already wet and the finger slid smoothly into my cunt. I opened my eyes and watched in the mirror as I drove my finger into my pussy. Each time my hand slapped into my clit, a tingle rippled through my groin. I reached down with my other hand to rub my clit directly while my fingers continued to slide in an out. As the tension built to unbearable levels, I thrust my groin up off the chair to meet the down stroke of my fingers and I rubbed my clit harder. My pussy exploded. Waves of pleasure rolled across my stomach and down my thighs. My whole body went rigid and then shook. The intensity was way beyond any previous orgasm I had ever experienced at my own hand or with a partner. 

I will always remember that night, and the wicked fantasies that showed me what a big O really meant. Of course, this became my new favorite fantasy. I was no longer just a fantasy stripper. I had taken my fantasy exhibitionism to a whole new level. It was years before I got to live out anything like that fantasy, but that is another story. 

Liana M 
 