Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Fourteen: Rakshasa's Deadly Beauty
Summary: Kurtis finds himself embroiled in the desires of the rakshasa princesses!
Keywords: MF Hf Fsolo Mf FF magic fantasy oral D/s inc wife cuck exhib voy anal creampie

Copyright: 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Kurtis  Ankush, The Queendom of Naith

Pass, I said to Princess Naryu's offer. I'm not for sale. None of us are.

The dangerous glint in the rakshasa's eyes intensified. For a moment, her pupils almost became slitted. I felt tension wreathe the air. Nephi moved closer, my sphinx's breath coming slow and steady. Pyrriah drifted to my left side, unarmed but I had a feeling she could fight effectively barehanded.

You do not know what you are giving up, Princess Naryu purred. She sat up, her bred pussy dripping with my seed. I had accomplished one of my goals, knocking up a rakshasa. But I had my heights aimed higher than just a princess.

Oh? I asked. Besides my freedom. My domination of my sisters and mother.

They're all your sisters? Princess Naryu asked. 

In a manner of speaking, I said, not glancing at Nephi. 

Princess Naryu's smile grew. Mmm, you are everything that Pradu promised and more. You will be honored. The first of my studs. My chief lover.

So? I asked, shrugging. I'm already first. Right.

Oh, yes, brother, Lasla breathed. First in my heart.

And my pussy, Pyrriah purred. His seed has already quickened in our wombs once.

Yes, my son is a strong and virile man. He has no need to bow. My dragon-mother words were breathy.

He tamed me, Nephi said, bold and struck.

But it was fun fucking you, I said to Princess Naryu. I'll remember our time together, but being a slave... I shrugged. I like to command. Mother, suck my dick clean of the princess's royal juices.

Yes, Master, she moaned.

She flowed between Pyrriah and me, her blue hair spilling about her face. She fell to her knees, her big breasts jiggling. Her deep-sapphire eyes stared up at me with worship, hunger, and love. She grabbed my cock and licked the base of it, gathering up the princess's tangy cream.

Princess Naryu pursed her lips and pouted at me. Her fingers planted on her knees. She gripped them with, her body shaking. I don't do this. Beg. But you... I want you, Kurtis. You will be the prize of Ankush. You will make my star rise.

I shrugged as my mother's tongue ran up and up my cock. She reached the pinnacle and swallowed my dick. She sucked me into her mouth. Her lips sealed tight around my cock. She nursed with hunger, her cheeks hollowing as she cleaned my cock of the princess's cunt cream.

Gods, she's good, I groaned as she bobbed her head. Nothing like a loving mother to clean your dick after you fucked some great pussy.

Please, the princess moaned, watching on with hungry eyes. Her fingers kneaded her thighs. Her small breasts, that delicious shade of Naithan brown, quivered with her trembling. Please, be my slave. You will be showered. You will be pampered. You will have all the pussy you can want. Mine. Others.

I have all the pussy I want, I groaned, my mother's mouth sliding up and down my cock. That warm, wet sheath caressed me. Her tongue danced over my shaft. 

Yes, he does, Lasla moaned, hugging me from behind. Her round breast rubbed into my back. He's a stud who doesn't need anything more.

Sorry, I said, shrugging. This is what I crave.

Annoyance flashed over Princess Naryu's face. Then she flounced onto her back, her short, black hair swaying about her face. She grabbed both her nipple piercings and twisted them. She groaned as she did, her pussy clenching, more of my seed leaking out of me.

I knew both Nephi and Pyrriah wanted to eat my cum, but they stood at my side in case the rakshasa turned dangerous. The thrill of whether the princess would pounce on me or not was n exciting rush.

It spiced my mother's blowjob.

The princess stared at me with hot eyes, possessive eyes. She didn't like being told no. It had rarely happened in her life, if at all. And never so blatantly. I loved it. My dick throbbed in my mother's mouth, bringing me closer and closer to cumming down her throat.

I would give her all y jizz. I would explode into her mouth. Her sucking would give me so much pleasure. I felt her magnificent love. I grinned, my dick throbbing with thoughts that danced through my mind. How I could use this.

That's it, Mother, I groaned. Suck my dick. You're going to get a treat of cum.

No, no, pump that seed in me, moaned Princess Naryu. If you won't be my slave, then fuck me again.

My mother's cleaning me off, I groaned. And that deserves a reward. Right, Mother?

She moaned around my cock, her blue eyes staring up at me. They were as dark as the ocean deeps. I loved staring down at her as she sucked my cock. She worked her mouth up and down my dick with hunger.

My balls tightened. The pressure rose and rose in them. I came closer and closer to cumming. To spurting all my seed into my mother's hungry maw. She deserved her reward. She was such a loving mother. She left her mate, daughters, and granddaughters behind to follow me on my quest.

And it would be successful. I would return to the rest of my family and breed my mother's wife and my two sylph half-sisters. I would have seed so potent, no womb could resist my cock. I was Las's son. My progeny would abound.

Yes, yes, yes, I growled. That's it. Suck my dick. Damn, just like that. Nurse on my cock. Mmm, you know what you're doing. You're sucking with hunger. Damn!

Mother moaned around my cock and bobbed her head with passion. Her lips slid down my cock while Princess Naryu pouted and watched on. She had her legs spread wide in invitation. Her fingers twisted her nipple piercing, stretching out her brown nub.

Then she released them and moaned. Her body trembled as she squirmed on the floor. Her face scrunched up with passion. She moaned, her fingers tweaking her pierced nub. I grinned at her as my mother brought me closer to cumming.

Las's big dick! I growled, the pressure at the peak. Gods, Mother, you want my cum.

She does, Lasla moaned, her hands stroking my stomach. She rubbed her nipples into my back. Give it to her, brother.

Yes, yes, give it to her, Pyrriah purred, a flicker of vibrant dancing through her fiery hair.

I'm almost there, I groaned. 

Mother sucked hard, her tongue sliding over the crown of my cock. She cupped my balls. Her fingers massaged my nuts heavy with my cum. They were full of all that jizz that would burst out of me. I would have such a huge explosion.

A mighty eruption of cum that would flood her mouth.

She would gag on my spunk. Drown on it. That would be incredible. I reveled in this moment. I savored her mouth sucking at my nuts. She nursed with such hunger on me. My toes curled from the force of her sucking.

Gods, yes! I growled and then I erupted.

I fired my cum into my mother's mouth. Princess Naryu whimpered, her fingers tugging hard on her nipples. Her back arched as I pumped my cum into my mother's mouth. She gulped it down. She swallowed my spunk with hunger.

Kurtis, the princess moaned. Come fuck me! Plow into me hard! Please! Be mine!

Never! I growled, the pleasure hammering my mind.

Sparks burst across my vision as my mother gulped down my cum. She swallowed my spunk with hunger. It was a delicious feeling. One that had me growling out my rapture. I groaned, my mind bursting with passion. I shuddered through the bliss. I savored every moment of this passion.

Las's big cock, I breathed.

Mmm, Kurtis, come fuck me, Princess Naryu moaned. Let me convince you that I'm the best.

Sorry, I said, pulling my cock out of my mother's mouth. I have to get going. So much to do. So many other pussies to fuck.

What are you? she hissed, fury flashing through her eyes again.

Nephi and Pyrriah tensed.

Princess Naryu stared at me with her baleful gaze. What have you done to me?

I winked at her.

Tell me! she growled, her eyes becoming slitted.

I'm Kurtis, I said with a shrug. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

The excitement of last night stayed in me as I walked with Nephi through Ankush to see Pradu. I kept reliving the memories of Kurtis fucking the princess and then turning down her offer. He'd walked out of there with her all but humping against his leg.

There were moments I thought we'd have to fight. Well, Nephi, Pyrriah, and maybe Mother Azuliana would have to fight. I would just have cowered in the corner. I wasn't someone to pick up a sword and swing.

I had other skills. Skills I wanted to develop.

So I walked back to the market square where they sold the slaves to find Pradu. Nephi went with me; Kurtis's orders. I wasn't about to say no. This city terrified me. It was a dangerous place. All but lawless. Just the two of us walking through it alone attracted hungry eyes. I was confident Nephi could keep us from being snatched, but...

I wished Kurtis was with us.

I pushed down my fear with my eagerness. 

Soon, we were back to the market. People were buying flesh. Men and women were sold, many marched off with collars around their necks. Some would be servants, other warriors, and some were sold for pleasure.

I found Pradu with her two slave girls at her side. The one who'd eaten me out with such alacrity didn't so much as lift a gaze to look at me. She had devoured my cunt and given me such a delicious orgasm. I wanted to thank her, but...

Did Mistress's thank slaves.

Interested in buying the pussy licker? Pradu asked. The glanced at the girls. Which one of you ate Lady Lasla's cunt?

The one on the right raised her arm.

She's a good worker, said Pradu. I can't let her go for

I waved my hand. I want to learn how you raise such obedient slaves. That's why I'm here, Pradu.

Mmm, yes, Pradu said, the Naithan woman giving Nephi a hard look. This one could do with being broken. Too much spine in her. She stands there like a guard and... Pradu's brow furrowed. She is a guard. Not just a pretty face. Though, it is not bright. You want a man. They are stronger. More imposing.

She can be plenty strong enough, I said. I glanced at those girls. You told them to suck my brother's cock and to eat my pussy, and they didn't hesitate. They flowed into motion almost the moment you were done speaking. How do you get such obedience?

Fear. Pradu smiled as a slight shiver ran through me. You make them afraid of you. If they are more terrified of you then what you command them to do, they will perform with eagerness.

Fear? Lasla croaked, feeling queasy. 

Oh, yes, said Pradu. I like to make examples with a new batch of slaves. I find the prettiest or the strongest and I break them. Sacrifice them to show the others the price of crossing me. Their suffering can last days before they die. Pradu caressed the girl who'd eaten out my pussy like she would a pet, a stroke down the cheek. And you don't want that, do you?

No, Mistress, the slavegirl said. This one will do anything to please you.

That's right, Pradu purred. You're an obedient slave.

Why not use pleasure? I demanded, horrified by how this woman could be so cruel. Offer a reward of delights instead of a beating with the stick.

On the unwilling? Pradu laughed in such a mocking tone. I'm supposed to be soft on those who are angry at being slaves. So ready to lash out at their captors. To escape and feel back to whatever miserable lives they had before me. Oh, no, you can't use pleasure on them. Right?

Right, Mistress, the two slave girls said at once.

Pradu put her hands on them both, her fingers stroking through their hair. They have to be broken, Lady Lasla. Their minds have to be destroyed. Once you've crushed their old self, you can then remake them as obedient slaves. Once you've done that, once you've utterly destroyed them, then they are docile and ready to serve you.

That's disgusting, I hissed in anger.

That's why you have such lax slaves. How can you ever get obedience without pain and suffering? You think pleasure will keep herPradu nodded to Nephifrom rebelling? She'll eventually turn on you.

No, she won't, I said with absolute confidence. Kurtis tamed her.

Did he? Pradu said, staring at Nephi. But he didn't break her. She's still strong and proud. That's not good. Give her to me for a few days. You can watch. Learn.

Never! I stepped between Pradu and Nephi, glaring at the slave trader. I would never do that to Nephi. She's part of my family.

Pradu laughed like I was a nave child. Anger galled through me. This woman was sick. Twisted. I glanced at those two slave girls. Something had to be done about this. I would talk to Kurtis. Oh, yes, this wouldn't stand.

Come on, Nephi, I hissed and marched away. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

Lasla had wanted to learn something from Pradu, so I let her go and took my other women to buy richer clothing. What we had was fine for the common parts of the city, but if I wanted to get in the Ziggurat and fuck the queen, I would need finer garb.

Women of all species cared about that, or so I had learned.

That was how I ended up at the clothing store. The tailor was a rotund man who had grown rich supplying clothes to the powerful of Ankush. He walked up to me and shook his head. He made a shooing motion.

Out, out, he said, glancing with disdain at my robes. He wore fine robes of silk made of different colors. Gold rings adorned his pudgy fingers. This is not for you.

It's not? I asked and pulled out my purse. I jangled it.

Behind him, a woman gasped. A mature, Naithan beauty in robes that clung to her lush frame. They were made of blue silk and clung to her figure. Green trimmed it. She licked her lips, necklaces of gold around her throat. She stared at me, desire kindling in her eyes.

I winked at her.

You sure you want me to go? I asked.

Well now, the merchant said. I mistook you for someone else. Come in. Come in. I would gladly clothe you.

Yes, yes, breathed the wife. She stepped up, her breasts rising and falling. She almost panted.

Veria, fetch some chilled wine for our guests, the man said.

I thought that was the wife when a girl squeaked, Yes, father.

I glimpsed a girl of fourteen or so years in a robe of pink that clung to her body. she was slender but I caught the profile of her face before she vanished out of my sight. She had her mother's porcelain feature but finer.

Mmm, we have to clothe them in just the perfect outfits, said his wife. Come, come, let's get you measured.

Of course, of course, the husband said, leading them to the back where a small dais stood. Several mirrors of polished plates of bronze surrounded it, showing me off from multiple angles.

Let's get this robe off of you, said the wife. She had a big grin as she unbelted the knot holding it closed.

I let her pull it off. She gasped as she saw me spill out. I wasn't hard, yet, but I still must have impressed her. I could feel the lust bleeding off of her. I didn't have to nudge her. She was eager to enjoy me.

Oh, my, now underclothes, the tailor said. Apologize to my wife for exposing yourself.

Oh, it's fine, dear, the wife said, her nipples poking at the front of her robe. Start measuring him. Her eyes were on my cock. We have to know how big he is to make sure he fits.

Oh, I'm sure you'll make sure I fit, I said and winked at the wife.

She shuddered and grabbed a wooden writing board and parchment. She held it on her lap, forming a desk, and then uncapped an inkpot resting on a table beside her. She dipped in a quill and looked poised to write

Oh, my! gasped the daughter. She came to a stop with the tray holding three cups. My mother snagged one and Pyrriah another. The girl swallowed at the sight of me.

Oh, come here, cutie, my mother purred as I took my glass, the liquid inside cool Let's just go over here and get out of the way.

I felt my mother's desire for the girl. So I flared the girl's desire for my mother. It was simple to do. The girl gasped and didn't resist, clutching the tray to herself. Pyrriah smiled and then whispered into my mother's ear.

Thank you, mouthed my mother.

I winked back at her.

As the tailor measured me, his busty wife wrote down the numbers. Her eyes were locked on my cock thrusting out before me. The tailor ran a strip of silk cloth, knotted at regular intervals, across my shoulders, the length of my arm. Around my torso. The outside of my legs and my full height. He didn't measure the one part his wife was most keen to inspect.

There, he said. The Tuathan girl, you're next.

Tuathan? asked Pyrriah as she stepped up.

You do have the coloring for it, Mistress, my mother moaned.

I vaguely remembered an ancient story about the Tuathan and something called a Triad. A famous group made up of two sisters and a paladin. 

So, I said, stepping up to the wife as Pyrriah stripped naked without concern. I didn't care. The tailor was too rotund to turn any woman on. His wife was proof of that. We need to make sure I'm going to fit in your pussy.

Yes, she whispered and swallowed. I'll think of a reason to get us away from my husband and

I grabbed her hand and pulled it to my dick. She grasped it, her fingers wrapping around my throbbing shaft. Her touch was silky. I pumped her and up and down my girth, hooking her wrist. She gasped.

What do you think? I asked. Will I fit?

I think so, she moaned. I want you to.

Mmm, 'I think' just isn't precise enough. I glanced down at her brown fingers sliding up and down my pale dick. Why don't you fall to your knees. You can suck my cock into your mouth and find out if I fit. I nudged her lust just enough for her to not care where we were.

She fell to her knees. She licked her lips and then sucked my cock into her mouth. She had such a delicious mouth. She nursed on me with hunger. She sucked with passion. I groaned at what she was doing to me. The pressure rose in me. This swelling ache that would have me cumming hard. I would be spurting into her mouth.

Her husband was calling out measurements, distracted by Pyrriah's nudity that he didn't notice his wife bobbing her head. She sucked with hunger. The sexy, married woman ran her tongue along the outside of my cock.

That's it, I groaned. Mmm, just like that. Make sure I fit and that my cum is compatible with your pussy.

She moaned and nodded, sucking hard.

Did you get that measurement, Saliana? the tailor asked.

She's a little busy, I groaned, my dick throbbing in his wife's mouth. I threw a look over my shoulder to see my sister smirking. Meanwhile, my mother had her lips locked on the daughter's, and had the girl pinned to the wall in a display of delicious, sapphic lust. Got her mouth and hands full with my dick.

I'm sorry, what? the tailor asked as he ripped his gaze from my sister's ripe and perfect body. Pater's cock!

Mmm, it's my cock she's sucking on, not Pater's, I said. And she's sucking hard.

Why? gasped the tailor.

To make sure that my dick will fit in her pussy and that my cum is just right to breed her, I panted.

At the B word, the wife sucked harder and the husband spluttered.

I smiled, savoring it, my nuts tightening from the wife's sucking. She nursed hard on me while the husband dropped his measuring cloth. Pyrriah chortled while my mother fell to her knees, opening the daughter's robe.

Veria had small breasts topped by brown nipples. Her deep-tan body quivered as my mother smooched around the girl's bellybutton. Then my dragon mother went lower and lower, kissing towards that yummy twat.

Mmm, yes, your wife can take my dick in my mouth, but will she like my seed? I asked. You know you want her to like my seed.

S-so you can breed her? he asked.

Of course, I said. I'll give her a strong son or a gorgeous daughter. Don't you want your wife to have another wonderful progeny? I mean, her daughter is a beauty.

The girl whimpered as my mother finally nuzzled into the girl's hairless pussy. Her head her back. She whimpered and moaned while the shopkeeper gasped at the sight of his daughter's small breasts quivering.

I know, they're gorgeous, I said. After my mother fucks her with her hermaphrodite-dick, you can have your turn with her. 

The wife sucked harder, all my words only fanning her flames. I glanced down at her, those eyes misty with her passion. I grinned at her, so eager for my cum to flood her mouth. It would be such a treat to pump all my jizz down her throat.

To just pump every last spurt of my cum down the woman's sucking throat. She nursed with hunger on my cock. It was incredible to enjoy. I loved every moment of it. I savored that warm mouth nursing on my dick. Sucking on my cock with such passion.

She bobbed her head, her tongue mouth working up and down my dick. It was incredible to enjoy. A brilliant burst of bliss that would consume everything. My balls tensed as she sucked with hunger, her husband watching.

Witnessing her becoming my whore.

It was invigorating. Exhilarating. I savored every moment of it. This would an be outstanding moment of bliss. A grin spread on my lips. My heart beat with such an exhilarating rhythm. I loved the humiliation in his eyes.

And yet there was also lust.

He was turned on watching his wife being my whore. He enjoyed witnessing her sucking on my dick with more hunger than she ever showed for him. She bobbed her head, nursing with such fashion. She moaned and groaned.

That's it, I growled. Gods damn, your wife can suck dick.

Yes, the tailor breathed.

Lady Azuliana, gasped the daughter. Veria squeezed her eyes shut. Oh, Lady Azuliana. That's so good. Oh, that's wonderful.

You taste so delicious, moaned my mother.

You need to keep measuring me, said Pyrriah, her eyes hot. Her red hair held little flickers of fire. She winked at me.

I grinned back at her.

The tailor wrenched his gaze from his wife's hungry blowjob to attend to my sister. She stood there with such grace and poise, her round breasts quivering. I drank in her beauty as I enjoyed the mature woman's suckling at my dick.

I couldn't wait to breed her pussy. To give the motherly woman a new child to love and raise. Maybe a son who would grow up lusting for his sexy mother. I groaned at that thought, my dick throbbing in her mouth.

She gripped my hips, sucking away with hunger on my cock. My balls tightened beneath her passion. She did such wicked things to me. She brought me closer and closer to that moment when I would erupt.

It would be incredible.

Yes, I growled. Oh, that's good. That's amazing. Just keep doing that. Las's big dick!

She moaned around my cock and suckled with such passion. She nursed on me with hunger. Her sloppy sucks echoed while her husband fumbled with his measuring cord. He had to write down the numbers himself, juggling the lap desk, too.

Her sucking was incredible. I hurtled closer and closer. There was no stopping this eruption now. I hurtled towards it, my brow furrowing. I groaned, my nuts tightening. Her lips slid up my cock until her tongue swirled around the crown.

Gods, yes! I growled and erupted.

I pumped my cum into the wife's hungry mouth. She gulped it down, her fingernails biting into my hips. The pleasure slammed into my mind. Stars burst across my vision. A smile spread on my lips. I sucked in deep breaths, my balls emptying into Saliana's mouth.

Your wife is a cum-guzzling whore, I groaned. She's slurping down my seed.

He dropped his measuring tape while my sister smirked at me.

I hit the peak of my pleasure. I fired the last of my cum into the wife's mouth. She nursed it out of me with such loving delight. Her hips wiggled back and forth. I knew she was dripping with the need to cum.

She slid her mouth off my cock. Oh, my, yes, this dick will be perfect for my pussy and that cum... She flicked her tongue over her lips, gathering up some of my seed had escaped her. Yes, yes, just the right quality that I need.

Perfect, I said, my heart hammering. That's just what I wanted to hear.

Lady Azuliana! squealed the daughter, drawing everyone's attention.

She bucked and shuddered, her juices spilling into my mother's mouth. She licked up the girl's cream with hunger, fluttering her tongue up and down the girl's pussy. Veria's small tits quivered as her moans echoed through the tailor room.

Your daughter swims in the same school as you, I said. A slut.

She is, moaned the married woman, her fingers undoing her robes. Then she slid out of her garment, her large breasts coming into view. They were soft and heavy, her nipples fat thrusting from oval areolas.

The breasts of a mother.

I grabbed them and squeezed their softness. I pressed her against the wall, kneading them. The tailor groaned, watching me playing with his wife's pussy while her hand grabbed my cock. She stroked up and down my dick.

Still hard.

I winked at her.

Oh, my, you are something special, aren't you? she asked with such throaty passion.

Mmm, I am, I said. Mother Azuliana, fuck the daughter in the ass. You can remover your chastity belt.

Yes, Master, my mother groaned, her collar clinking.

Her chastity belt vanished as it fell away. It was a conjuration of Lasla's. Usually, her toys didn't last for long, but my mother's collar and chastity belt would last indefinitely. Maybe Lasla knew on some level her other toys just weren't needed forever. She could make new ones when the time was right, but our dragon-mother had to be collared and controlled.

Well, not so much any longer.

Veria gasped as my mother's dragon-cock grew. Her clit blossomed into a big, throbbing shaft that would ream out the girl. Her father groaned and dropped his cloth measure. He swallowed, knowing his daughter and wife were both about to be fucked.

Verian whimpered as Mother pressed the girl into the wall beside Saliana. The girl quivered, her tits rubbing into the plaster. The wife squirmed beside her daughter, the woman's hand on my cock. She stroked me and guided me to her pussy.

Mmm, you're going to love this, my dragon-mother purred. She pressed her hermaphrodite-cock into the girl's butt-crack. 

Veria gasped. My mother thrust.

I grinned and then groaned as I felt the wife's shaved pussy folds. She was wet for me. Molten. She pushed me right against her opening. It was clear what she wanted from me. I was eager to give it to her. 

I thrust into her pussy.

She gasped, her cunt clenching down on my cock. I savored the thrill of entering her pussy. I slid deeper and deeper into her cunt. Her pussy clenched down around my dick while her husband groaned in humiliated lust.

You're so big, the wife whimpered. She arched her back, pressing her tits into my chest. Yes, yes, this is a cock. An amazing dick.

And you have a tight, juicy pussy just begging for a real man to breed you.

Yes! she squealed, her cunt squeezing down around my dick.

I slammed deep and hard into her. I fucked to the hilt in her cunt, savoring the way she gripped me. I felt her husband's eyes keep flicking to me with envy as I fucked his wife hard. I pounded her against the wall. 

Her daughter whimpered beside us, talking my dragon-mother's big dick in the ass. She was sexy> I had to breed her, too. But the mother first. I ached to flood Saliana's motherly pussy with all my seed.

Oh, yes! the woman moaned. Your cock! Your cock is amazing!

It is, Pyrriah purred. Mmm, isn't it hot hearing your wife getting fucked by a real man.

Yes, croaked the tailor.

I grinned at that, the thrill of cuckolding him only swelling the delight of slamming my cock to the hilt in Saliana's pussy. The wife squeezed her cunt around me, her pussy sucking at me. She swelled the pressure in my nuts. That wonderful ache that would burst out of me.

My hips hammered away hard and fast. I was so close to cumming. So close to that explosive moment. I couldn't hold back much longer. I groaned, the pressure in my balls reaching the boiling point.

I'm going to cum! the wife moaned. Husband, I'm going to cum on his dick.

The husband let out a strangled moan.

Just explode on his huge dick! she gasped. It's amazing. He's so big. He fills me up. My cunt is stuffed with his cock.

Cum! I growled and slammed into her juicy depths.

Yes, yes, yes! squealed the naughty wife. Pater's big dick!

Her pussy convulsed around my cock. I slammed into the wife's cunt, savoring the heat of her while her husband watched. I grinned at him and erupted. My cum fired into his wife's cunt, breeding her with my potent seed.

Las's big dick! I growled. That's it. Take my cum! You're going to have my child.

Yes! she gasped, her pussy convulsing around my cock. She milked me.

The pleasure slammed into my mind. Stars burst across my vision. I growled as I pumped spurt after spurt of my cum into the woman's cunt. Her pussy writhed around my dick, sucking out the cum from my balls.

Matar's big cock and tight cunt! my dragon-mother moaned. 

The girl squealed, the pair cumming as I dumped the last of my jizz into the mother. Her pussy wrung me dry. She groaned, her large breasts rubbing into my chest. She sucked in deep breaths, her eyes fluttering.

So good, she cooed. Oh, that's so good.

I know, I said and winked at her.

I pulled out of the wife and turned to the daughter. My mother had already finished dumping her load in the girl and was taking her turn to be treasured. The tailor panted, his face flushed while his wife slid down to the wall to the floor.

I cupped the daughter's face and kissed her with hunger. I pressed her back against a stack of crates. She sat on them, her tongue dancing with mine. She whimpered. I could feel how much she needed my cock.

I pressed it into her pussy. She was no virgin, but she hadn't had too many dicks in her. None had quickened seed in her. I thrust into her juicy depths with a cock wet with her mother's pussy. It was an incredible delight to experience.

She was tighter, a vice around my dick. Pyrriah groaned then the wife gasped. My sister was getting a feast, licking the excess cum out of the wife's pussy. My mother hummed happily while the tailor fumbled through her measurements.

I just enjoyed the daughter.

She had her mother's beauty but was a bud that had yet to full blossom into a gorgeous flower. I stared into Veria's eyes as my cock pumped away at her pussy. Her cunt squeezed down on my dick, massaging me with her silky tightness.

You like that? I asked her.

She nodded and whimpered.

Mmm, better than that cock in your ass? I asked.

She nodded again. Her arms hugged me tight. She buried her face into my neck, groaning. Her cunt clenched down around my cock.

I savored the feel of her pussy. I thrust hard into her cunt, noting the difference between mother and daughter. Besides the tightness, they both had a similar shape. A similar feel to their silkiness. Almost twin cunts.

I loved fucking a mother and her daughter. I would breed them both. They would have my children together. I groaned and slammed into her cunt hard and fast. I buried deep into her pussy. She gasped into my neck.

Yes, she moaned, her breath hot on my skin. Her cunt clamped down tight. Oh, yes, yes.

I'm going to knock you up like your mother.

Do it! moaned the mother as she got her pussy eaten out by Pyrriah. Breed my daughter.

I will! I promised, slamming into the girl's cunt.

I savored every thrust. Every last plunge into the girl's pussy. Her cunt clenched about me. Her fingernails clawed at my back with such passion. She was young and bursting with the joys of her body.

I pumped away at her. I buried deep and hard into her cunt, savoring that silky pussy getting hotter and hotter around my shaft. My nuts tightened. I would have such a huge orgasm. I would burst with ecstasy, my cum flooding hot into her snatch.

Gods, yes! I groaned.

So good! she whimpered. Going to... to...

Cum? I asked.
Yes!

Don't hold back!

I pumped away with such passion at her. I thrust into her cunt with vigor. I savored that young cunt wrapped about my dick. That fertile twat just begging for my seed to pump into her. I thrust away with the need to spurt into her, my nuts smacking into her flesh.

The pressure grew and grew in my balls. Her silky pussy swelled the ache at the tip of my cock. She gasped, her thighs wrapped so tight around me. She rubbed her face into my neck as she clutched tome.

Cum! I growled. Gods, let me feel that tight pussy cumming on my dick.

Oh, yes, yes! groaned the mother. Lick out that jizz. I'm going to explode.

Me, too, Mother! the girl whimpered.

I slammed to the hilt in her. The girl gasped. 

Her cunt writhed around my dick. I savored that hot cunt rippling around me. I drove my cock to the hilt in her. The pleasure swelled in my nuts. Then I erupted into her. The pleasure shot out of my cock as I bred her young cunt.

Las's big dick! I growled, pumping load after load of jizz into her pussy.

The mother squealed in the background, cumming on Pyrriah's mouth while my cum pumped into the daughter's spasming cunt. Veria's pussy rippled around me. She worked out all my cum. I groaned at how amazing it felt. My mind melted.

Stars danced before my eyes. It was an amazing rush. A wonderful experience. I groaned through the ecstasy that swept through my body as her fertile pussy milked out every drop of my cum. I quivered there. 

She moaned.

Mmm, you're going to be a grandfather, I told the tailor as his daughter whimpered into my neck.

He swallowed. Very good, sir. Shall we, uh, continue?

Right, right, I said. New clothes. I got distracted.

My mother and sister both laughed.

As the tailor finished adjusting my robes, his eyes clearly eager to enjoy his daughter leaning naked again the wall and dripping in my cum, someone entered the shop. Pyrriah stiffened. Still naked, she reached for her sword as three burly men in leather loincloths and straps crossing their oiled chests, marched in. The one at the lead had a shaved head and a goatee thick around his lips. A scar ran through a patch over his right eye.

Bow before her radiance, Princess Lavhi! the man boomed.

The tailor, his wife, and daughter all fell to their knees. I turned in my new robes of deep blue with silver threading embroidering the cuffs. I gazed at the man and the insolence in his face. My mother and sister stepped up beside me, Pyrriah holding her tulwar in her hand, mother ready to change at my command.

I slid my hand up to the back of her neck to find the clasp of her gold collar keeping her from changing. I readied to release her.

I said kneel, boy, growled the soldier.

It's all right, Korvan, a melodic voice purred. Sliding out from behind the hulking man was a voluptuous woman in diaphanous robes of silk, the cloth so thin her naked from bled through. It draped over her ample bosom and down her body. Gold thread gleamed throughout the fabric, scattered almost haphazardly around her. Kurtis is something special.

Your sister must have been singing my praise, I said.

Cousin, actually, Princess Lavhi said. She flicked her dark eyes up and down me, the hunger in them. And my dear cousin was not happy when she arrived back at the Ziggurat. Why, her screeches and yowls could be heard echoing through the corridors. And her poor slaves... Lavhi tutted. One of them didn't survive her fury.

A coldness steeped in me. What does that have to do with me?

Naryu doesn't like being told no. Princess Lavhi studied me. It's not wise to anger a Princess of Naith.

She didn't like begging, but she did that, too, I said. She can handle being told no once.

You should be careful, Princess Lavhi said. She leaned closer. I would hate for such a gorgeous man like you to be killed by her wrath.

And why are you giving me this warning? I asked, my fingers tensing on the clasp of my mother's collar. I'm not going to be your slave, either.

Mmm, as much as that would amuse me... She shuddered. You just don't have the physique I'm interested in.

Liar, I said. I can feel how wet your pussy is. You're dripping for me.

A feline smile spread on her lips. I give you this warning because I despise Naryu. She's a child. Her fit last night proves she's not worthy to sit on her mother's throne.

And you do?

Her smile spread. Well, so many would have to die for that. Naryu. Her sisters. My mother. Her sisters. And my own sister. She shrugged her shoulders. You never know. At night, our claws come out. So be warned. Naryu's will come out for you. An attack will come.

And you want me to survive so you can own me, I said. I can feel your lust.

You are an interesting one.

So are you. I grinned, nudging her lust. Why don't you bend over and I'll fuck you in the ass. Imagine the delight that would give you. A reward for delivering you this warning.

My, my, you are a rare one, she said, nipples thrusting hard against her robes. As inviting as that is, I have matters to attend to, but... She caressed my cheek. Maybe we can meet when we have the time to... explore your ideas of reward.

You won't collar me, I told her. That's not a game I'm playing here.

How can I collar someone as strong as you? she asked and turned. I know when I'm outmatched, Kurtis. Just be warned, her men won't come with quivering thighs and wet cunts. They'll come with cold steel and brawny strength.

I watched her leave the tailor shop, my brow furrowing. Naryu wanted me that bad, huh? But what was Lavhi up to? What did she truly want from me? I could feel a net slipping around me. It lurked just beyond my sight.

But if I wanted to fuck the queen, I'd have to take the chance. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

Fire consumed my dream.

I bolted upright to the sounds of boots pounding upstairs. I blinked eyes, struggling to remember where I was. The inn. I was in bed with Kurtis, our sister, and our mother. Nephi growled from where she slept on a chair, keeping watch. 
f
I reached for my tulwar, my hair bursting into fiery light that spilled through the room. The others stirred as I flowed to my feet. The boots were racing down the hallway. Dangerous men come to kill my family.

They would fail.
 
Right? 

To be continued...