The Four Tones of Ecstasy
Aggressive Demanding Passive Willing
 **Part One: Willing**
The Nuances of Ecstasy in a subtle Capture
The morning light filters in through the partially open window and the sheer creamy gauze curtains flutter in the soft breeze. The faint morning sounds muted against the hum and whir of the overhead fan bring me out of my dreams. I lazily roll and stretch on the disheveled bed, drowsy and half awake. Warm thoughts of the sensual night just passed flit through my mind; the heavy beat of the remix that induced the erotic dancing at the club followed by the sensual tumble into bed. I stretch my limbs out on the luxurious Egyptian cotton sheets, the pale cream complimenting my fair white skin in the soft dawn glow.
I turn to look into your devilish eyes. I feel a tug as the rope you've attached to my wrist grows taut and I see you wink with a thrill. I think to myself, "What ever do you have in mind for this morning?" You grab my free wrist and loop the soft velvety black cord about it. You quickly pull my arms over my head and secure the bonds before I can even blink. Still not fully awake, I twist around trying to get a good look at you. You laugh softly, lean over and kiss me on the lips, a kiss full of vigor and passion. You whisper, "Good morning, dear. Don't worry, I've a special treat in mind for you this morning." With that you take my ankle and gently pull my leg towards the edge of the bed. Soon, I'm bound spread eagle on the sheets, helpless and at your mercy. You know I'm willing to submit but never before have you felt compelled to bind me, my mind races eagerly, the anticipation building.
The ceiling fan overhead whirs slowly and my eyes follow your movements as you pad barefoot about the room. The soft glow of the early morning light casts shadows about the ascetic utilitarian furnishings of the tidy room. You carefully arrange a few items on the bedside table. I grow excited watching you move, the sinuous motions of your nude form arouses me and brings me out of my musings and reverie. I run my tongue lightly along the edge of my lips, swollen and bruised from your ardent kisses. I hope to have a chance to taste your dangling manhood this morning. With a lightly teasing chuckle, you bend over and insert the tip of your finger into my willing mouth, letting the soft sensual sensation of my lips on your skin excite us both. You slowly pump it in and out gradually inserting it deeper. You love the feeling of my lush full lips about your flesh.
I can see in your eyes that you have chosen where you'll come this morning. With a sly grin, you pull your finger out of my mouth with a pop and run your wet digit around my slack nipple until it grows firm and taut. Taking the nub between your finger and thumb you begin to roll and pinch the tender tissue. You bend over and slip your tongue into my hot wet mouth. The sensations of your touch, tender yet rough as you pinch my nipple and thrust your tongue into my mouth wash over me as I lay bound, helpless and at your mercy.
You pull away and stand over me, your hard, lean and muscular body long and lank--such a contrast to my own. With your eyes dancing, you gaze at my lush body with large round breasts, pink areolas, wide hips and furry bush on display for your appraising eyes. I can sense the excitement and the charge in the air as you see me laid out before you, bound and helpless. The plans for the morning are unfolding exactly as you had planned.
I see you have your sketchpad handy and several cameras. You love to sketch and photograph my nude body. The soft blush of the apartment walls highlight the abstract black and whites with muted shades of grays in a variety of your prints. You've asked if you could video record our frolics, I've not given consent. The still poses are one thing but to capture the action and essence is another. You pull up a small dark stool, perch on the edge, wrap your long legs around the rungs and begin to sketch. The soft scratching sound of your pencil on the paper is soothing and I doze lightly languishing in the remembered thoughts of the night before. The smell and texture of your essence are all over me, I feel the light crusting of sticky sperm between my legs and the hint of your aftershave lingers in my light blond hair and on the deep blue satin pillow cover.
The dribble of warm oil between my breasts, down my abdomen and into my matted bush brings me fully awake; I flutter my eyelashes to shake away the last remnants of sleep. You arrange my hair about my head, a white halo on the dark pillow slip, and comb your fingers through the matted hair of my bush, rubbing the oil in and slicking down the unruly mass to expose the pink folds. You massage oil into my skin until I'm coated in a light sheen. You pick up one of your cameras and begin to frame and shoot, picture after picture. I follow your motions as you work; watch the exactitude and precision, as you are lost in deep concentration.
Your lazy grin, with a wicked tilt spreads across your face as you set down the camera. You pick up the roll of narrow tape off the bedside table. You bend over and bind the base of my breasts, pulling the tape taut until my full bosom is like balloons about to burst. My nipples are engorged and distended. You lazily run your tongue around my nipple, a light tender caress. You continue to nuzzle and caress my bare skin, arousing the both of us.
You softly whisper, "Lovey, dear. I want you to agree to my terms this morning. If you consent, you'll be pampered and petted beyond your wildest dreams."
I nod slowly and murmur a soft, "Yes?"
You say, "Dearest, you must agree to do as I say. Are you willing to be quiet, not moan, not object or utter a sound? If you do make any noises I'll have to gag you." You kiss me tenderly on the lips and brush a stray strand of fine hair away from my face.
You ask tenderly, "Do you accept the conditions, Lovey?" With a soft moan and sigh, my response is a timid "Yes."
You select a CD to play, music similar to the throbbing sensual remix of the night before; but you turn the volume low, the muted strains blend with the whirring sound of the overhead fan.
I look at you, your cock is stiff, erect and I see it's bound. You like to work with an erection and occasionally will bind yourself to keep the engorged member hard. You bend over, caress my cheek brushing the pads of your fingers across my lips and say, "You are sure, dear? Once we begin, there is no backing out. You will do as I say." I only nod while staring into your intense dark eyes. You slip a blindfold over my head and cover my eyes. You pull the fabric tight blocking out all light and sight.
The music grows louder as I'm lost in the cocoon of helplessness, I can't move, I can't see. I feel nothing other than the curve of the bed under my back, the sensual softness of the ultra fine cream sheets, the satin pillowslips and the gentle breeze brushing my engorged breasts. I hear the tiny clicks of the shutter and the padding motion as you move around the bed, taking frame after frame. Time has lost all relevance and my bearings with reality fade in and out as the darkness holds me suspended.
I feel the bed jostle, startling me as I impulsively jerk and stretch the bonds taut. The presence of a body is alluring as I feel thick thighs straddle my chest. I try to blink, the tight mask holds my eyes shut. I hear the soft clicks of the shutter as you move about me.
"Wait...." I bite off my words, remembering the order. This body, this cock that has begun to slap my face is not you. The weight and girth of the man straddling me, the coarse texture of the hairy thighs tickling my breasts is not your familiar lean frame. "Who?" I think to myself. I hear you, now giving soft orders in a whispered hush.
You say, "Slap your meat on her face, across her cheeks, grind your ass into her breasts." All the while the click, click of the camera are a constant staccato beat.
More orders, "Move down, let me see you slap your cock across those lovely breasts. Move as I say and be absolutely quiet."
I hear the clink and clatter as you exchange cameras, I know your routines but instead of the click of the shutters all I hear is the music playing, the heavy beat an aphrodisiac that brings the blood to a boiling point. The body over me slaps and grinds while you sofly murmur more directions. I feel the sharp sting as the narrow paddle; one of your favorite tools is brought alongside my breast. I wince as another sharp sting strikes across the very tip of my nipple. I know the motion; I can see it in my minds eye. You hold the narrow wooden strip, a mixing paddle for paints above my breast and pull up, arc the wood and let go with a snap. Again, I feel the sting to my abdomen and again to my breast and then along my neck. I have to choke off a soft whimper and I try to writhe, but the bonds are too tight. I feel the slap of a cock on my tender slit, my juices are flowing and I feel the slippery essence on my inner thighs.
You bend over and in a quiet whisper ask, "Do you want to be fucked this morning, dear?" With a tender caress to my cheek, you croon, "Do you want to feel that meat inside your cunt, darling?"
With that you rip off the blindfold. The bright lights in the room daze me—and I see the massive black man, the bouncer from the club, the ugliest mug you can imagine kneeling over me with his meat poised ready to insert.
My eyes are wild with fright, my face awash with agony as you zoom in with your video camera. My eyes dart wildly about the room. I see several cameras that are running on remote so that you'll have various angles to work with when editing the footage. I let go with a moaning scream of "No."
You look at me, and shake your head. "Now, Lovey you know the rules. You agreed." You murmur softly, "One more peep and I'll have to gag you." I gulp nervously and am too frozen to even nod. I see you are still bound, your cock hard and inflamed as you move to capture the view at a certain angle.
The black flesh parts the pale pink tissue and teases my slit, waiting for the word to push further. The slender paddle poised over a nipple, red from the last stinging blow, the tension making his hand tremble. With a snap he releases the wood and the sharp sting brings tears to my eyes.
The massive man leans back and gazes at my moist and swollen pink inner folds. He inserts a finger, sucking noises fill the air as he pumps the dark flesh in and out of the luscious depths. First one finger, then two and finally three tug and pull at my flesh, opening my slit. He pulls them all out with a whoosh. He follows with a loud stinging slap of the paddle across my pink swollen petals that are parted and folded open.
"Again" the soft order a mere murmur compared to the heavy breathing of the pair on the bed. One more stinging slap to the soft pink flesh and a loud scream rips through the air.
"Tch, tch. Lovey you agreed." You have to put down the camera to tie the gag firmly in place while my eyes dart wildly--a mix of erotic euphoria and fear, so sublimely blending in my expression.
"We'll have no more sounds to ruin my production." Before picking up your camera you let the binding about your balls loose and your cock swings out, hard and ready to explode.
"Now we'll all have splendid orgasms, Lovey. You'll see." You focus your attention back to your camera and nod to the bouncer. Eagerly the black flesh slaps against my thighs, tingling slaps as he preps his cock, stiffening it up and pushing my thighs open wider, his big hands paw my white flesh. Impaling me with his stiff rod, my entire body arcs and lifts off the bed. He humps and pumps, full deep long thrusts, engulfing my entire being.
The shuddering spasms seem to never stop until finally the hulk of the bouncer collapses on top of me, smothering me. I can feel the sticky semen pooling between my legs as his penis grows limp and slips out.
My eyes are closed now, my own focus on the sensations of my body. I hear a groan as he lifts himself up and a creak as he rolls off the bed.
The morning air brushes my skin, making every pore tingle as I slowly open my eyes. You are eager and ready to jam your rod into me. Wait, you want to fuck my face. You jerk the gag free and ram your penis into my mouth, hard, slamming my head back into the soft dark pillow. The light sheen of the oil on my body is replaced with a shine of perspiration from the terror and thrill of being used in such an erotic fashion. You burst forth quickly and spew your ejaculate all over my face. Your orgasm is quick and hard. Sated, you shiver and tremble as your organ dangles over my wild-eyed stare.
You lean back to kiss me tenderly on the cheek, run your fingers through my silken tresses and whisper "You are so lovely angel, now you belong to me." You pull the black studded collar off the night table and firmly snap it about my long slender neck.
"Yes, my angel. Now you belong to me."