The Runaway Girl
by Vanessa Evans

A fourteen year old girl decided to run away from her domineering parents who treat her like a housekeeper.

Part 01

Tom is a self-made man. At the age of twenty eight he sold his tech company for a cool £25m. He had plans to start another company but before doing that he decided to take a year out and do some touring around the northern coast of the Mediterranean.

Tom is a fit, healthy man who works-out three or four times a week and had often been told by girls that he is very handsome. He is also a very down-to-earth man who still values his modest upbringing. He was lucky in that he had a great tech idea in his late teens and he had the gumption to develop it and turn it into a very profitable business.  

Tom’s idea of touring the northern coast of the Mediterranean could easily have been going from one five star hotel to another but that wasn’t what he wanted to do. Tom had always been the independent type so he bought a luxury, but not too big, motorhome and started driving south, his plan being to head for southern Portugal then slowly move east whenever he got tired of his current location.

After avoiding the big cities Tom was driving west from Madrid when he came across a village in a huge forest where he decided to stop and stock up with food and water. Being such a small place Tom didn’t bother locking the doors of the motorhome even though he’d parked it at the back of the car park next to the forest. But he automatically took the keys out and put them in his pocket.

When he got back to his motorhome with his loaded trolley he transferred everything into the cupboards, then filled up with diesel and set off driving.

About twenty miles later Tom heard a noise that he didn’t recognise so he pulled off the road and went to investigate. When he opened the bathroom door Tom got the shock of his life, he was looking at a young girl cowering in the corner.

“Who the hell are you and how did you get in here?” Tom asked.

The girl just tried to shrink herself into a smaller space whilst trying to look past Tom.

“Looking for an escape route.” Tom thought.

“The doors are all locked and the windows don’t open enough for you to get out young lady,” Tom said, “so you may as well get up and come and tell me what this is all about.”

The girl didn’t move and after a couple of minutes Tom started to wonder if she spoke English wondering if she was Spanish even though she didn’t look very Spanish.

Tom got his phone out of his pocket, went to the translation app and keyed in,

Are you Spanish?

¿Eres español? came up on his phone and he held it in front of the girl who gave him a blank look.

Tom stared at her a little more and saw that through all the dirt her hair was blonde. He changed the app to translate to German then held his phone for the girl to see.

Sind Sie Deutscher?

The girl smiled a little and nodded her head so Tom smiled back before changing his translation text to.

Do you speak English?
 
Sprechen Sie Englisch? His phone displayed.

“Some.” the girl replied when she saw his phone.

Tom sighed then smiled and said,

“Thank gawd for that. Come on out of there, you look like you could do with some food and a damned good wash.”

The girl slowly got to her feet and came out of the bathroom. Tom saw that things were just as bad as his first impression. The poor girl wore only a filthy, badly torn tank top showing half of her tiny right tit, her short skirt was also filthy and torn revealing enough of her skin for Tom to know that she wasn’t wearing any knickers, and the sandals on her feet were in such a state that Tom wondered how they stayed on.

“I’m Tom, what shall I call you?”

Tom could see her looking at the door so he said,

“It’s locked but I’m not going to hurt you. Once I’ve got you fed and cleaned-up you can leave if you want to but I would prefer it if we had a good talk before you go running off.”

“Ingrid.” A timid voice replied.

“Well Ingrid what would you like to do first, watch me prepare some food then eat it or have a shower then eat the food. Sorry that I don’t have a bath for you to soak in.”

“Shower please.”

“Okay, you know where the bathroom is and you’ll find soap, shampoo and a new toothbrush and toothpaste in the cabinet, but you probably know that already. Go and make yourself the beautiful girl that I suspect is under all that mud.”

Ingrid actually smiled at Tom before turning. As she took the few steps back to the bathroom Tom could see a tear in her skirt that revealed a fair bit of her bare butt. The door shut and whilst he got started with the cooking he thought,

“If she’s anything like the girls that I’ve been out with she’ll be in there for at least an hour.”

Tom went outside and had a pee against a tree then went back in and got out two pans, He half filled one with water and put it on the gas stove. He then opened two tins of meat balls and tipped them into the other pan. Finally he broke some dried spaghetti into the water. Then he sat at the table and started thinking about the situation.

All sorts of scenarios ran through his head from Ingrid growing up in the forest to her being kidnapped, raped and then dumped in the forest and left to die. But Tom is a sensible, logical man so he put all the unlikely possibilities to the back of his mind and waited for Ingrid to emerge.

When she did Tom was stunned. A very beautiful, naked young nymph stood in front of him. He instantly absorbed the sight of the shoulder length, blonde, wet hair, the small, conical perky tits with small areolae and larger than he expected, hard nipples pointing straight at him. She looked like some invisible hands were pinching her nipples and pulling hard. The contours of her ribcage, the small tuft of blonde hair that did nothing to hide her coin box slit with the tip of her little finger sized clit sticking out between the lips. Her clit also looked like some invisible fingers were pulling it down. All that and a narrow waist and larger, but still narrow, hips. 

“I was right Ingrid, you are a beautiful girl, a very beautiful girl. Sit down, I’ll get your food.”

As Tom was putting the food out on the two plates he realised that Ingrid had no clothes to wear and that he should have offered to lend her some. Then he realised that she hadn’t tried to cover her naked body, nor asked to borrow something to wear. He decided to leave things as they were and see how things went. After all, he wasn’t lying when he told her that she was beautiful.

Tom watched as he slowly ate his food and Ingrid ate at such a speed that he wondered when she last ate anything. He wasn’t even half way through his food when Ingrid was finished and she looked at his half full plate. He smiled at her and pushed his plate to her. That too emptied in record time and Tom feared that she would get indigestion or something worse.

“A drink?” Tom asked.

“Yes please.”

Tom got a bottle of water out of the fridge and passed it to Ingrid. She drank half of it in one go then flopped back on the seat. Tom could now see all of her torso right down to her blonde short and curlies.

“Better?” Tom asked.

“Much, thank you Tom, you did say that that was your name didn’t you?”

“Yes I did. Now Ingrid, would you like to tell me why you were in my van and why you were dressed like you were? Judging by the way you demolished that food I’m guessing that you were hungry?”

“Yes, I haven’t had a proper meal for months, I’ve been living on berries, what I could find in rubbish bins and what I could steal.”

“Do you want to start at the beginning Ingrid?”

“Okay, what date is it?”

“Twentieth of August.”

“Well three months ago my family came to Spain for a camping holiday and I ran away from the campsite and I’ve been living rough ever since.”

“Why did you run away?”

“My father is a pig, he treated me like a slave, a dog, no, worse than a dog and my mother wasn’t much better. My life had been horrible for years and I finally found the courage to run away. I thought that I could survive in the forest eating berries and drinking from streams.”

“You probably could have, if you knew what you could and couldn’t eat but I’m guessing that you’ve never had any training in survival skills.”

“No, and I’ve made myself sick a couple of times but I didn’t do too bad to start with, you’d be amazed at what people on picnics throw away.”

“No, I don’t think that I would, but go on.”

“I hid in the forest during the day and at night I went into the villages looking for food and at one shop I saw a German newspaper with a story saying that my parents thought that I must have hitch-hiked back to Germany and that the Spanish police were no longer looking for me. It was obvious to me that my parents had just said that to stop the police looking for me. I bet that they never even reported me missing back in Germany. Please don’t hand me in to the police. I don’t want to go home. You seem like a nice man, can I stay with you?”  

“Whoa there Ingrid, that’s a big ask, I’m going to have to think about all this.”

“Please, I’ll do anything for you?”

Tom’s brain went into dirty old man mode for a few seconds. He looked down at her naked body and wondered what it would be like to have her as his sex toy, his sex slave, but that just isn’t what Tom is.

“Let me think about this, sleep on it, and talking of sleeping, I’m going to have to move this van to somewhere more off the road for tonight.

Tom cleared away the plates then moved into the driving seat to move the motorhome and just as he was pulling away the naked Ingrid climbed into the passenger seat.

“Are you not afraid that someone will see you like that Ingrid?

“What do you mean Tom?”

“With no clothes on.”

“I’ve been running around these wood with no clothes on for weeks, I only kept my top and skirt for when I went into the villages at night. Besides, I don’t like clothes.”

“Wow, I guess that explains the all-over tan..”

Ingrid looked down at her body then replied,

“Yes, I guess so, it’s nice being naked in the sun, it makes me feel all warm and sexy.”

“Sexy?” Tom thought then said,

“Just how old are you Ingrid?”

“Fourteen, why?”

“You seem to be quite grown-up for a fourteen year old.”

“I had to be to survive both at home and here.”

“I can imagine.”

A car came the other way down the road with its lights on and Ingrid didn’t even try to cover her little tits.

Tom found a side road and drove down it then reversed into a little clearing. Turning to Ingrid he said,

“Do you want to borrow something to wear Ingrid?”

“I’m not bothered if you aren’t Tom, as I said, I spent a lot of time without any clothes on in the woods, even at night but I’m pleased that I waited until we got to Spain to runaway.”

“Yes, and summer time as well, I bet that it can get quite cold in Spain on a night even before winter.”

“I hadn’t thought that far ahead Tom.”

“Oh, the innocence of youth.” Tom thought then continued,

“So how far ahead had you thought about Ingrid?” 
 
“My next meal.”


They climbed into the back of the motorhome and Tom noticed that Ingrid sat on the long sofa type seat, leaning back and with her knees wide apart.

“You look tired Ingrid.” Tom said as he looked down on her naked front complete with cute little pussy and protruding clit..
   
“I am, I don’t think that I’ve had a comfortable, full nights sleep since I ran away.”

“Well you can definitely sleep here tonight, we’ll worry about tomorrow in the morning.”
 
Ingrid sat up then spun herself round and lay along the sofa.

“No not there Ingrid, just wait a minute, I’ll make up the spare bed for you.”

“A proper bed, that sounds amazing.”


Tom turned and set about putting some sheets and a blanket on the spare bed then he turned to Ingrid to tell her that the bed was ready for her but he saw that she was already asleep. He looked down on her, one of her legs has slid off the seat and was on the floor leaving her little pussy spread open. Her lips looked perfect, no flaps of skin just her lips with her clit sticking out between them. Tom was surprised that her clit hood wasn’t covering her clit but he certainly wasn’t complaining. 

If only she had been a few years older he would have loved to jump her bones right there and then. Tom laughed at his choice of words because Ingrid was just a bag of bones covered in skin, not an ounce of fat anywhere on her body, not even on her pubis or vulva. Her hip bones were sticking up like a skeleton. He imagined that she looked like that when she was half her age.  

Tom considered just leaving her there and covering her with a blanket but he was worried that she might slide off in the middle of the night and frighten herself so he gentle picked up the lightweight body and lowered her on to the bed before going to the bathroom and getting ready for bed himself.


When back at home Tom usually just slept in his underwear but as he’d driven further south it had been so warm that he had started sleeping in the nude and he didn’t even think about leaving his underwear on before he climbed into his own bed and just lay there thinking about everything that had happened since he had got back to his van and found Ingrid. 

He thought about her naked body and found himself stroking the erection that had appeared when an image of the naked Ingrid had come into his head. Tom kept wanking then cleaned up his cum with some tissues before again trying to decide what he was going to do about the little nymph.

He fell asleep still trying to come to a decision.

*****

Tom woke thinking that he was dreaming, he was feeling someone snuggling up to his naked body, a naked, bony someone, and when he was fully awake he remembered the previous days events and realised that it must be Ingrid that was pressing her naked body against his naked body, what’s more, her hand was resting on his soft cock. It was still dark so he knew that it was the middle of the night.

“Ingrid,” Tom whispered, “what are you doing?”

He got no response.

“Ingrid.”

No response.

“Ingrid.”

Tom tried one more time before deciding that she was in a deep sleep and he tried to go back to sleep himself. 

It was very difficult for him because of the naked girl half on him and her hand on his now hard cock but eventually he went soft and managed to go back to sleep.

*****

When he woke again he could smell coffee. He jumped out of bed to find out what was going on and when he saw the naked Ingrid it all came back to him. Then he realised that he was as naked as Ingrid was and that he had a morning woody.

“Good morning Tom, I hope that you don’t mind me making some coffee. Nice cock by the way.”

Tom’s hands went to cover his cock and Ingrid laughed.

“What?”

“I’ve seen lots of cocks before today Tom, I’m naked so why shouldn’t you be?”

Tom couldn’t fault her logic so he moved his hands and went and sat at the table. Ingrid put a mug of coffee in front of him and then sat opposite him with her mug of coffee.

“We have sex education lessons in Germany as well Tom and I’ve seen lots of men naked before.”

“Oh yes, you’ll have to tell me about that sometime.”  
  
“There’s going to be a sometime then, you’re not going to drop me off at the next police station that we come across?”

“No Ingrid, I am not.”

Tom realised that his subconscious brain had been working on the problem whilst he slept and that he had come to a decision.

“Ingrid, I couldn’t possibly get you sent back to your parents from what little you have told me and the fact that you suffered so much escaping from their clutches, my conscious wouldn’t permit me to return you. I still don’t know what I am going to do with you but I am not going to turn you over to the police.”

Ingrid got to her feet, went and sat on Tom’s lap and started kissing him all over his face. In between the kisses she said,  

“Thank you, Vielen Dank, Thank you so much, Vielen Dank.”

Whilst he was getting over whelmed by Ingrid kissing him his cock went form a semi to a full erection again and when Ingrid stopped kissing him she looked at him and said,

“I can take care of that for you if you want.”

Tom looked at her for a few seconds then replied,

“No, we can’t, you’re only fourteen.”

“Fourteen is the legal age of consent in Germany so it’s okay.”

“We’re not in Germany, we’re in Spain and I don’t know what the age of consent is here.”

“I don’t care, I’m a German.”

Ingrid got to her feet, climbed onto the seat, put one foot either side of his hips and squat down so that her cute little pussy was right over the tip of his cock.

“Shall I?” Ingrid asked.

Tom looked at her face.

“So beautiful, so inviting,” he thought then he nodded his head.

They both moaned as Ingrid impaled herself right down until Tom felt his cock hit her cervix. Ingrid stayed still for a few seconds as she enjoyed the ‘full’ feeling then she stared raising and lowering herself. She looked down at Tom then bent her head and started a long, tongue wrestling kiss.

Once Tom had got over the shock of what was happening his natural instinct was to go with the flow and enjoy the experience. He rapidly came to the conclusion that this wasn’t the first time that Ingrid had had been fucked although he he didn’t know if it was by a real live cock or some substitute. He also realised that when Ingrid had first impaled herself she went down so easily that she must have been very well lubricated and as she hadn’t had the opportunity to use some artificial lubricant it must have been natural, the girl must have been dripping.   

Up and down Ingrid’s body went and Tom could tell that both of them were rapidly reaching their climaxes. It had been a while since Tom had orgasmed through proper fucking and he knew that he couldn’t last long and as expected he groaned then started pumping his seed deep inside Ingrid.

That appeared to trigger Ingrid to cum and she screamed,

“Oh verdammt, Ich kümmere mich, I’m cumming.”

Tom wrapped his arms around the girl to try to control her shaking and after quite a few seconds Ingrid’s fell onto his shoulder then after a few more seconds she said,

“Oh Tom, das war wunderbar, du weißt nicht, wie sehr ich das brauchte. Sorry Tom, I said that that was wonderful, I really needed that. It was so good doing it that way because my clit got squashed each time that I went down and that was nice.”

Tom held Ingrid firmly to his chest, Ingrid happy to rest in his arms.

Tom’s cock was slowly going soft but neither of them moved for ages and after a minute or so Ingrid started to feel Tom’s cock growing hard inside her. When it was well on the way to being fully erect she lifted her head and looked at his face.

She had that young teenage girl’s expectant, cheeky smile on her face as she started to raise then lower her body again.

This time it was a much more leisurely ride with both of them staring at each other, both with cheeky grins on their faces.

Their orgasms took longer to arrive and when Ingrid orgasmed Tom felt her pussy clamp onto his cock as she again said something in German before her whole body jerked again and again.

That squeezing of her vaginal muscles was enough to push Tom over the edge and he pumped a second load of his cum deep inside Ingrid.

After another long rest with her head on Tom’s shoulder Ingrid pushed up with her legs and nearly banged her head on the roof of the motorhome. She stood there for a few seconds, her pussy being at Tom’s head height and he saw her skinny pussy start to literally drip his cum down onto him.

When Ingrid stepped down onto the floor she turned and sat on Tom’s lap with her arms round his neck. She kissed his lips then said,

“Thank you for that Tom, I was starting to think that I’d die out there before loosing my virginity.”

“Well then Ingrid, I guess that it’s a good job you tried to steal from me. Go and have a shower while I get some breakfast ready then I’ll have a quick shower. After that we’ll have breakfast and talk, you still have a lot to tell me.”

Ingrid grinned then went to the bathroom. As Tom was getting the breakfast he thought about what he should do about Ingrid. 

“She’s beautiful, she’s unassuming, she’s sexy as hell, she’s obviously not been missed by her parents, she’s quite ‘worldly’ in the sex area, she’s a good fuck and she’s a charming teenage girl. But, she’s fourteen, she should be at school, she should be with parental type people, she should be with kids her own age, she shouldn’t be fucking a man who is more than twice her age, she shouldn’t be in a motorhome in the middle of nowhere.”

Tom heard the bathroom door open and he realised that he’d been just stood there and not finished getting the breakfast ready.

“Here Tom,” the still naked Ingrid said, “let me finish that, you go and shower.” 

Tom put the knife down and turned to Ingrid.

“So beautiful,” he thought then he bent over and gave her a quick kiss on the lips.

“What was that for Tom?”

“Because you are an amazing young girl, and I wanted to.”

Ingrid smiled and stepped aside so that Tom could go to the bathroom. It was a very happy Ingrid that quickly finished the breakfast then went outside and started opening the outside lockers until she found two chairs and a table. She set them up and was starting to carry the breakfast things outside when Tom emerged and saw what she was doing.

“My gawd Ingrid, domesticated as well, is there no end to your talents?”

“Outside Tom, sit and I’ll pour you some fresh coffee.”

“Just let me put some shorts on Ingrid.”

“Why bother Tom, there’s no one around to see you, apart from me, and I’ll be just as naked as you are.”

Tom couldn’t argue with her logic again and for the first time ever Tom went outside totally naked.

“Tell me more about yourself Ingrid, you have the maturity of someone my age yet you are only fourteen.”

“In my parents house I had to grow up fast, both my parents are lazy pigs and as soon as I was able I had to do everything, cooking, cleaning, washing, shopping, you name it, I had to do it. There was only two good things about my parents, firstly they didn’t physically abuse me in and way, and secondly they are members of the FKK, the German naturist organisation. There are a lot of good people in that and I learnt a lot from them. Whenever we went to a FKK event I snook away from my parents and talked to a lot of people that were a lot nicer and more helpful than my parents.”
   
“So that’s why you haven’t asked to borrow some clothes.”

“Yes, being naked in this climate is wonderful, do you not think so Tom?”

“I’m starting to think so Ingrid. Men being naked in England is a big taboo but strangely it isn’t the same for women. No, that isn’t true, women’s bodies are a lot more pleasing to the eye than men’s are so I can understand why no one objects to seeing a woman naked. Men’s bodies are ugly by comparison.”

“Spoken by a man. A lot of women do not find men’s bodies offensive, even when they get an erection. That is what frightens some women, but don’t worry Tom, I am not offended by your body, nor am I frightened of your erections, they are beautiful.” 

“Wise way beyond your years young lady.” 

“Thank you Tom, so you think that I am beautiful?”

“Oh yes, I would, could look at you like that all day, every day and never get tired. You would win every beauty competition that you entered.”

“Its funny that you should say that, last year I won the Miss Teen FKK competition but that was only for our local branch.”

“I’m sure that you would would have won the national version of it as well Ingrid.”

“Thank you Tom.”

“So you want to look at my naked body every day do you Tom, well you can if you take me with you wherever you are going.”

“You don’t know where I am going Ingrid.”

“I don’t care, anywhere will do so long as it isn’t Germany.”

“I wasn’t planning on going to Germany,  well maybe driving through it but not stopping there.”

“Good, can I come with you Tom? Please.”

“I will need some time to think about that Ingrid, you’re fourteen, you should be in school,  out playing with kids your own age not driving round the Mediterranean coast with a man more than twice your age.”

“Is that where we are going Tom?”

Tom was silent for a minute. Then he took a sip of his cold coffee and replied,

“If you get me some hot coffee it is, yes Ingrid, you can come with me.”

Ingrid squealed with delight as she got off her chair and jumped on Tom’s lap.

“Yes, yes, thank you, thank you.” Ingrid said between the kisses that she was putting all over his face.

“I’ll stay naked all the time and you can fuck me whenever you want Tom, thank you so much.”

“I’m not saying that you can come with me just so that I can fuck you all the time Ingrid, you can come with me because I can’t see any viable alternative. I can’t hand you over to the police because you’d end up back with your parents and I can’t leave you out here in the forest, you would stave to death. Having said that, and having sampled the benefits of you being with me, I can see that I am going to have a wonderful time with you tagging along.”

“You will Tom, you will, I will stay like this and you can fuck me ten times every day.”

“Are you trying to get me as thin as you are Ingrid? No, we will fuck no more than nine times a day. Now, where’s my coffee?”

“I will do all the cooking and cleaning for you as well Tom.”

“No you won’t, we will do equal shares of everything.”

*****

When they started driving again Ingrid again climbed into the front passenger seat with Tom telling her that she might cause an accident if other drivers saw her. Ingrid giggled then said that it wasn’t her problem if drivers couldn’t keep their eyes on the road.


About four hours later they stopped in another village, again at the back of the car park and Tom told Ingrid that they were going to look for a pharmacy.

“What do you want one of those for Tom? Are you poorly?”

“No Ingrid but I don’t want you to get pregnant.”

“I missed my last two periods.”

“That’s probably because of your poor diet but going forward you will be eating properly and your periods will start again. Besides, I don’t know enough about women’s bodied to know if you aren’t already pregnant.”

“I’ve only been fucked by you Tom.”

“I believe you but just in case I’m going to see if I can get you the morning after pill and a supply of contraceptive pill, I don’t want to take any chances. Now, we need to find you something to wear, much as I would like to see you walking down the street like that you can’t.”

Tom opened his wardrobe and got out one of his T-shirts. Passing it to Ingrid he told her to try it on. She did and it came down to her mid thighs.

“Have you got a shorter one Tom?”

Tom smiled and looked in his wardrobe again. The next one that he got out was quite a bit shorter and when Ingrid put it on he saw that it only just covered her butt and pussy.

“That’s better Tom, thank you.”


They got out of the motorhome, Tom remembering to lock it this time, and started walking. Tom’s immediate reaction was what would people think seeing him with a girl less than half his age. Then he thought,

“Okay, it will be easier if I give the impression that Ingrid is my daughter, that should cause less problems.”

Ingrid resolved the problem for Tom by saying,

“Daddy, can we get an ice cream please?”

“What’s with the ‘daddy’ bit Ingrid?”

“I just thought that would make live easier, I don’t want you embarrassed by people thinking that you are, what is it called in England, ah yes, a cradle snatcher.”

“Way beyond your years Ingrid.”

Ingrid smiled and took hold of Tom’s hand.

It wasn’t long before Ingrid said, 

“If we’re going to be walking around villages during the day can we get something to put on my feet please? The road and footpaths are very hot.”

“Of course we can, we’ll get you some proper clothes when we can find a shop that sells them.” 

They didn’t find a shop that sold clothes or shoes but they did find a pharmacy and when they went in they saw an old man behind the counter.

“I’m looking for the morning after pill for my daughter.” Tom said.

The pharmacist just stared at him so Tom got out his phone, loaded that translation app and repeated his request into the phone. When the phone translated and spoke it the pharmacist looked at Ingrid, then at Tom who quickly spoke into his phone.

“No, no, she’s got a new boyfriend and they had sex last night.”

The pharmacist gave Ingrid a disapproving look then said “Si,” and walked to the back of his store. When he got back he put a box in front of Tom who picked it up and decided that it looked as though it could be what he wanted. Then he picked up his phone and spoke into it again,

“And we need a supply of the contraceptive pill.”

After another disapproving look the pharmacist went away again and came back with one box. Tom looked at it and again thought that it might be what they wanted then he spoke into his phone again,

“We need twelve months supply.” 

When the pharmacist heard the translation he shook his head sideways and said,

“Solo un mes” 

A minute later Toms phone spoke the translation for,

“No, we need twelve months supply.”

“Solo un mes” 

Tom got his wallet out and put five, one hundred euro notes on the counter. The pharmacist smiled and went and got eleven more months supply.


Back on the street Ingrid asked,

“Are you rich Tom? That was five hundred euros.”

“We needed those and I’m not going back to England for a year.”

Ingrid was quiet for a while then she asked,

“What will happen to me then Tom?”

Tom put his arm round Ingrid and replied,

“Let’s worry about that towards the end of the year, you may have decided to run away again.”

“No chance.” Ingrid replied and she jumped up onto Tom, wrapping her legs around his waist and her arms around his neck. 

As she kissed him Tom put his hands under her butt to support her and discovered that the T-shirt had gone up and not only was he holding her bare butt but it was was visible to the people walking along the street towards them.

“Get down Ingrid.” Tom said “people can see your butt. They might get the wrong idea.”

“You mean the right idea.” Ingrid replied as she let go with her arms and legs. “We are lovers now.”

Ingrid straightened the T-shirt and Tom absorbed what she had said. At that moment Tom would have described their relationship more as ‘friends with benefits’, but they way things were going they could just become lovers. Having said that Tom sure that if he asked Ingrid she would say that she loved him but he was sure that she was too young to really know what that meant. 

They stopped at a cafe, went in and ordered drinks and pastries, Tom getting extra for Ingrid telling her that she needed the calories. Ingrid didn’t complain and she finished her food long before Tom finished half of his. Whilst they were just drinking and talking Tom got out the morning after pill and told Ingrid to take it, which she did. He told her that her stomach may feel a bit poorly for a while but that would soon go away.  

Then he opened one of the boxes of the contraceptive pills and showed it to Ingrid.

“From now on you must take one of these each day. It doesn’t matter what time of the day but I suggest that you take it each morning when you clean your teeth.”

“Don’t worry Tom, I’ll do as you say, the last thing that I want is to get pregnant. Besides, it will mean that you can fuck me ten times each day.”

“Just ten? What am I going to do?” Tom joked but he liked the idea of them fucking ten times each day.


On the way out Tom bought two ice creams then watched Ingrid almost skip back to the motorhome.


Three hours later they were crossing the border into Portugal and one of the first things that Tom saw was a campsite so he pulled in and told Ingrid either to put something on and go into the office with him or stay where she was. She chose the latter then asked Tom why they were staying there and not out in the country.

“Sorry but we need to empty and fill some tanks but it will give you the chance to shower with more space.”

“You mean we can shower outside with a hosepipe?”

“Tom laughed and told her that it depends on where they have to park.”


A bit later Tom came back from the office and started driving through the campsite. When he stopped Ingrid asked,

“Is this where we’re staying?”

“Yes, just for one night then we’ll drive to Lisbon, I don’t like going to big cities, too many people, but we need to do some shopping for you.”

“No we don’t. I don’t need anything, except for some shoes.”

“We’ll definitely get you a dress and some other clothes maybe some underwear Ingrid, when I take you to restaurants I want you looking smart in a nice dress. I want everyone there to be envious of me and my daughter.”

“We’re going to restaurants?”

“We will be, we’re not living out of tins all the time, besides, you need some good, nutritional food inside you, get those ribs of yours covered with a bit of meat.”

As Tom said that he reached over and tickled Ingrid’s side making her giggle.

“Ticklish are you, I’ll remember that.”

“Can I get my hair cut as well please, it’s grown long since I ran away and I like it shorter.”

“Sure, no problem, we can get it all shaved off if you want?”

“No, not that short.”

“Just joking Ingrid, you can choose the style.”

“Thank you Tom but I don’t want any knickers or bras, I’ve got used to living without them and I don’t want to go back to wearing them.”

“Okay, I can live with that.”

“Good because I want you to have easy access to my pussy and tits as well.” 


Tom smiled as he parked the motorhome and when he was connecting the power and filling the water tank he told Ingrid that she should go and have a shower. 

“Do I have to go to that shower block over there, can’t you get a hosepipe so I can shower on the grass here?”

“Maybe in the morning Ingrid. Go and use the block over there for now, there will be plenty of time for you to be running around outside naked, As I said, I’m, no, WE aren’t going back to England for a year.”

Ingrid went and hugged Tom then asked

“Can I borrow your soap and shampoo please Tom, and can I borrow your razor please, I want to get rid of these horrible hairs.”

As Ingrid said that last bit Tom saw her grab the few pubic hairs that she had and tug on them making her clit stick out even more. That got Tom’s attention and Ingrid saw him looking.

“You like my little clitty, my little cock Tom?”

“Not so little clitty Ingrid, and yes I do like it, I’m looking forward to sucking and chewing that.”

“So am I, can we do that when I get back from the shower?”

“Go Ingrid, and let me get on with the jobs that have to be done. And wrap a towel round yourself.”

Ingrid did as she was told and Tom got busy. He’d just finished and was sitting on a chair outside with a cold beer in his hand when he saw Ingrid walking back. She was naked and carrying the shower things and the towel in her hands.

Tom looked around and saw a few people looking at her but none looked like they were going to complain so Tom just smiled and watched her walk back. As she got closer he thought,

“Jeez, she doesn’t look fourteen, I am a cradle snatcher.”

“That’s better,” Ingrid said after she had put the things on the table. She put her hand on her pubis and said. “How is it you say, smooth as a babies bottom.”

“That’s right Ingrid, shaving there makes you look younger.”

“I’m still fourteen Tom, well for the next ten months anyway. Can I have one of those please Tom, I’m thirsty.”

“No you cannot, I don’t know what the law says about alcohol and minors in Germany or Portugal but I say that you are still too young to have more than a little sip.”

“Oh, I’m old enough to fuck but not old enough to drink alcohol?”

“Bright as well Ingrid. Yes I know the law is often very stupid but it is the law and I’m not about to seriously break it. Here, just a sip then get yourself a cola out of the fridge.”

“Yes daddy.”

“And a little less of the daddy, unless we are in public.” 

“Yes daddy, will you spank me if I keep calling you daddy?”

“Maybe Ingrid, did your parents ever spank you?”

“No, they never did anything as you say, ‘inappropriate’, but you can Tom, you can do anything to me, and that includes waking me up by fucking me.”

“Where on earth did that come from Ingrid?”

“A friend of mine told me that her boyfriend did it to her and that she really enjoyed it.”

“Well then I will have to do it to you sometime Ingrid.”

“And I can do it to you too Tom.”


After a while Tom left Ingrid sat outside the motorhome whilst he went for a shower. When he got back he saw Ingrid still sat at the table where she was when he left.

“What are you doing Ingrid?” Tom asked.

“Nothing now but just after you left two boys came walking by then came over to talk to me.”

“And you were sat there like that?”

“No, I’d taken your beer bottle to the rubbish bin in the van and was just coming back out?”

“And you were naked like you are now?”

“Yes, they didn’t mind.”

“I bet that they didn’t. What did you talk about?”

“Nothing really, they were just telling me what it was like around here.”

“And did they mention your lack of clothes?”

“No, but they were staring at me most of the time.”

“I wonder why?”

“What do you mean Tom?”

“Ingrid, you are a naked, attractive fourteen year old girl, what boy in his right mind wouldn’t stare at you?”

“The boys at the FKK meetings didn’t stare at me.” 

“Here isn’t your FKK meetings, boys aren’t used to seeing naked teenage girls all the time so they like to look at beautiful naked girls.”

“You’re not jealous are you Tom?”

“No, I’m just proud of you but I don’t want you to do anything that you aren’t comfortable with Ingrid.”

“Well I’m comfortable with boys looking at me like this.”

“Okay Ingrid, I can live with that but this isn’t an FKK campsite and the owners might not like people running around naked.”

“But I’m only fourteen, most people will think that I’m still a kid and I bet that kids run around without their clothes on, and now that I’ve shaved my horrible hairs off you say that I look younger so there’s more chance that people will think that I’m just a little kid. Tell you what, let’s do an experiment, lets you and me go for a walk round this place with me like this and we’ll see if anyone complains.”

“Tom thought for a minute and decided that that probably wasn’t a bad idea. They were only staying there for one night and if they got thrown out it didn’t matter. It would also be a good benchmark for what Ingrid could get away with at other sites.”

“Okay Ingrid, we’ll do that, but in the morning, tonight you and me, and one of my T-shirts will be going to that cafe that we past on the way in, we need to get some good food inside you.”

“Thank you Tom, I love you.”

Tom heard the ‘L’ word and thought for a second then just dismissed it as a general term of affection.

As they were going into the van Tom saw one of their neighbours, a middle-aged woman. She definitely saw that Ingrid was naked but she didn’t come running out to complain, nor get her husband to come out.

Tom was starting to relax a bit about the fourteen year old girl with him who appear to hate wearing clothes and doesn’t care who sees her.


They did go out to that cafe that evening and Ingrid did wear the same T-shirt. Whilst they were walking there and back Ingrid clung on to Tom’s arm but he was one hundred percent sure that it was because she liked him and not for any security reason.

Half way back to the motorhome Ingrid stopped and Tom watched her take the T-shirt off and hand it to him. She then linked their arms again and told Tom to get a move on.


Ingrid offered her body to Tom when they went got onto Tom’s bed but he told her to get some sleep, that a lot had happened that day and that she needed the sleep.

*****
