My Mother Nameeta

I never thought I would treat my mother Nameeta as a woman until the day she
made me realise I am the man of the house. and I love to call her Nameeta while
we alone or fucking and fondling. Few months ago my dad died leaving me and my
mother everything he could leave. As a result we have a house and some good cash
in the bank. I am a state government employee earning a high salary. All my life
I have been reckless when it came to handling house chores. I never bothered
about them. I had my dad to take care of outside activities and my mother,
inside the home. So I literally lived a no-responsibility life. So when my dad
left us, I guess mom had to do all the work. She might have coped well probably
for a month or so as she never complained. But one day, she just bursted on me.
She cursed me I am irresponsible and a no-good wonderer and this and that. She
told me that I am the man of the house and I should take care of all the
activities my dad used to do to the household. I felt bad
for mom and from then on I started looking into household activities. I got
into this household activity groove pretty quickly as I was taking care of all
the outside activities and mom never complained again. Every thing was going
well. Well atleast until I realised mom is also a woman.
I still remember that day. I came early from work and since mom didnot open
the door for me, I used the key to get in. I heard the showering noise from our
bathroom so I went to my room to lay all my stuff. The shower noise stopped and
heard mom go into her room. I walked out of my room and strolled towards our
lounge passing mother's room. The door was not closed properly so I took a
casual look. There is mom in her wet petticoat tied around her waist and naked
on the top. I might have seen her naked titties before but never saw her in that
position. She looked beautiful and voluptious! Mom is an average plumpy lady.
Her big boobs are bit saggy and her waist is a bit broad. Her shape is common
among most housewives in India. Her sexyness was more displayed with her wet
petticoat cliging onto her buttocks and her body is moist with some after shower
sweat. I quickly turned and walked away before my mother could notice and after
few minutes I yelled making my presence known. Mother
acknowledged and we had a usual talk.
After that sexy scene of my mother, I always visualised her half naked and
with petticoat everytime I saw her. My attraction towards her grew day by day
and I started finding opportunities to peek on her naked flesh. I even started
masterbating thinking about her. It was at this instant, I realised dad had left
me another thing other than the house and cash. It was my mother and her lovely
body. The best of all inheritances. One evening we got a hindi movie on video
and watched it. It was a low budget movie on extramarital affairs. It was low
budget but the scenes were HOT! They never showed naked bodies but they were
kissing the blouse covered breasts and lifting the saree and putting their hands
inside! We both were very excited. I could notice mother breathing heavily and I
could feel her HEAT! After the movie, we just discussed a little about it and
went to our rooms for a much needed masterbation. Even after relieving myself a
couple of times, I could not sleep. I felt
frustrated thinking about the movie and my mother.
I decided I had to do something. I sought of got an idea that since I am the
man of the house, sex should also come with the standard package. I need to
satisfy the woman of the house sexually and Nameeta should satisfy me. Thats the
only thing I have not been doing from my dad's household activities....taking
care of his woman. I also knew that the woman is also my mother and she will not
accept me as her sex partner. I somehow had to convince her that I am willing to
fill her when she needs a fill and I am sure she will not accept it if I propose
to her. So the best thing would be to force her the first time. Once she gets
laid forcibly, she will accept the situation and allow me to be her lover. The
idea, as I was thinking, shot my whole blood of my body into my dick as I felt
it acknowledging my thoughts.
I slowly got out of my room and walked to my mom's room. The door is closed
but not locked. I pushed the door and went into her room. There she is, sleeping
on her back with her face facing away from me. Her loose end of the saree has
crumppled up covering only one blouse covered breast. Her other breast is
fighting very hard to come out of the blouse. Her blouse hooks are tight and
barely holding on the blouse. Her bare stomach is beautiful and moving up and
down slowly to her breathing rhythm. Her legs were held together and here saree
on her is twisted everywhere but fully covered. She is sleeping on a single bed
as she gave me their double bed after my dad died. I have decided that if I ever
copulate with my mother it will be on the bed where she always been copulated.
It will be on the same bed my dad entered her and fucked as her husband and her
man. It will be on the same bed where her man of the house always fucked her. So
without even waking her up I just grabbed my
mother's hand and pulled it to get her up the bed.
Mom woke up in shock as I managed to pull her out and before she could know
whats happening I just dragged her by hand into my room. After entering the room
I left her near my bed, went to the door and locked it. Mom got to her senses
although I would think she is still half asleep. Before she could say "What!" I
caught hold of her paita (loose end of the saree) and pulled it towards me. Mom
tried to hold on to it but in vain. The whole saree got unwrapped as I pulled.
By now mom must have come to her senses as she madly tried to keep the saree on.
Before we both could realise, her faithful saree separated from her body and mom
was left only her blouse and petticoat. My lust has overcome my 'sonly' insticts
as I kept enjoying my mother's situation as every man in India's dream to see a
woman in her underwear. Mom started crying by now as I lunged on to her to pull
her towards me and kiss her on her lips.
Nameeta struggled to avoid my kiss but I held on to her. while pushing her
head with her hair I put my lips on her mouth and started sucking her lower lip.
she tried to shut her lipline but I pull her hair and made her shout. her thin
lips were felt so Juicy and warm between my teeth. her nose was making noice &
blowing warm air on my face. I held her tightly along with my body. her both
boobs litterly pinched between us.Once I finished kissing her she just released
herself from me and ran to open the door. By the time she held on to the door
lock I ran towards her and grabbed her by the waist with one hand and the
otherhand caught her hand attempting to open the lock. my hand slipped from
waist to her cunt area. I tried grab her mount with petticoat. Finally Nameeta
spoke with crying "Why are you doing this to me!". I told her "Because you told
me I am the man of the house!" struggling to hold on to her. "But I'm your
mother," Nameeta said, tearfully twisting and turning. "You're
the woman of the house too, aren't you?" I said, and continued without waiting
for a reply. "Mother, I suggest you to stop this and lie down on that bed there
and get your cunt ready for me." I held on to her waist and quickly I sprung
open my lungee (sarong) as my cock sprung out stiff. She looked my cock and then
dragged her eyes to look me in surprise. Before she could talk anymore, I
grabbed both her wrists, pulling her towards me. Then I twisted so she turned
around, her back to the bed. I then pushed her on to the bed as she laid on her
back. her both legs widen as she strugled for recue and her petticoat flied over
her loin. now her cunt clearly visible for my lusty eyes.
Nameeta screamed as she fell on the bed while still crying. "What do you want
from me?" tried to push her petticoat over her thighs. Nameeta sobbed,tring to
wipe her nose. I said nothing and just stood there enjoying her underwear
covered body. Nameeta started to get up - I think to get away from me again but
I grabbed her petticoat to pull it towards me. She must have wore an old one as
it started tearing away along her waist where she tied her petticoat with a
string. It took me several pulls between my mother's crys to tear her petticoat
as it was giving way. It tore finally, and came away, leaving her naked waist
down in just her petticoat piece tied around her waist. That was the firstime I
ever saw my mother's bush. My birth place and a forbidden part for a son to see.
Her bush between her legs appeared to me like a place of enjoyment rather than a
place of respect. By now Nameeta started to cry more as I moved on to her a she
was struggling and twisting sideways to cover her
womanhood, pushing me to try to get me off her, pulling up her knees and using
them to hide her body. I did not listen to her cries. Infact I liked her cries.
I liked her tries to resist me! I liked the sound made her nose. It made me feel
really like the man of the house. Some more struggle and again she was flat on
her back, with me standing over her, enjoying just looking at her.
I squatted on her thighs, leaning forward slightly. I took her wrists, one in
each hand, and brought them together. I caught both her wrists in one hand,
holding them above her head, pinning her to the bed. With the other hand I began
to open the hooks of her blouse holding onto the two ends between her breasts.
Mother is still crying pleading me not to do anything but Nameeta stopped
struggling. I tried unhooking her blouse hooks but they are more a struggle than
I expected. So I just pulled the blouse holding the inside of the blouse. Since
the hooks were alrady tight, they just came off snapping and I could hear my
mother cry more for every snap of a hook. I had to pull hard to snap the last
hook but with that force the two end of her blouse hurled away revealing her big
breasts. Her tits drooping on either end of her body. That was the instant I
felt the best in my life. My mother underme, naked and on bed. I looked at those
breasts whose nakedness has fed me when I was a child
and also prompted me to lust for my mother when I am a grownup. I slowly bent
myself to take one of her nipple into my mouth. Mother cried more but did
nothing. I licked, and sucked both the breasts. It was a great experience
preying on my dear old mother's wonderful and juicy breasts.
My mother Nameeta stopped her resistance by now so I started enjoying her
naked body. I kissed sucked and licked her beautiful body everywhere I could and
it was great. Then I finally turn my vision to the spot between her legs. The
spot where I came to this world and where I can fulfil my lust to make myself a
man to my mother. I used my legs to part her legs by pushing them outward and
set myself comfortibly between her legs. Mother though did not put any pressure.
She just laid there with her head turned to one side and her eyes closed. I ran
my free hand over her mound and inserting my index finger into her vagina. Her
vagina is still dry as I started finger-fucking her. It didnot take long before
I could feel her juices oozing out as I increased my rhythm. I kept finger
fucking her for a while before I decided she is ready for the ultimate reunion.
Still holding her hands above her head, I leaned on her body so I was covering
her body with mine. With my free hand I felt
between us, took my cock, and began to guide it towards her cunt.
As I reached her entrance I paused and touched her entrance my tip of the
cock. I felt shivers along my spine as I unioned with my part of my mother's
flesh with her flesh again. That was the time I contemplated the sin I am
committing. I will be committing incest with my mother and a new type of bond
between us. I am entering her cunt where there is no return. I could not wait
anylonger as I pushed forward. My dick entered her cunt. I pushed even harder. I
heard my mother gasp, and cry a little, as I pushed inside her completely. I
then held there, for a while enjoying my sexual union with my mother. I let go
her hands to balance myself for a long fuck. Mom didnot even move the hands as
she might have thought its all over for her. She is being ravaged nevertheless.
I withdrew my dick a bit and pushed forward again. my balls hited her tight ass
hole. mother Nameeta stayed still. I drew back again this time to be out of her
and thurst back again. Mother gasped.
Then I settled to a steadier rhythm. I had achieved what I wanted. Fucking my
own mother. My cock was inside her vagina and I am fucking her. i was feeling
her cunt-interior rubbing on my cock.nI am fucking the same cunt my father has
used to quench his lust and flooded it with his sperm to create me. I finally
managed to spread the same legs my father has spread on the same bed. Finally I
managed to make the same woman my dad made as woman of the house. I am squeezing
the same breasts my dad squeezed and my mother used to feed me as a baby. I am
enjoying the same body I shared when I took shape in her. I am reaching the same
inside of my mother where I was spawned. I am kissing the mouth that had given
me guidance, sweared on me and encouraged me. It felt great, that I am using the
same woman that loved me motherly to love me sexually. I am showing my gratitude
towards her upbringing by ravishing her cunt with my dick. After few more
strokes, I felt my balls exploding gobs of
semen I have been storing for her. I humped on to her vigourously before I
came. I could not help stop but gasp as I shot my wad into her. I could feel my
semen flooding mother's vagina as I reached my climax.
Our sexual act is complete as I laid on my wonderful mother fulfilled and
gasping for my breath. I could hear my mother too is breathing hard. Our naked
bodies still connected together with my chest firmly pressing her naked breasts.
My cock by now started getting limp but still inside her transfering the last
remains of my semen. mother Nameeta still said nothing and laid the position. I
didn't have enough guts to look at her face. We both made no moves to untangle
as my exhaustion slipped me into deep sleep. The next morning when I got up,
mother is not seen anywhere. I was still lying naked on my bed. My sarong is
still on the floor but no signs of my mother's clothes. For a moment I thought
it might have been a dream and started looking for some evidence on the bed. I
found some long strands of my mother's hair on the pillow beside mine. I got
little assured and looked for some sex-liquid stains on the blanket. I did see
three dried stains where the cloth was stiff. I had a
chill running through my spine as I realised its not a dream. I felt a lot a
guilt. I could not find enough guts to walk outside my room. I stayed there as
long as I could. Good it was a Sunday. After few hours my mother knocked on the
door to get me up as it is approaching noon. It was after her call, I had a bit
of my confidence back in me.
I quickly went into the bathroom for my morning chores. I tried to avoid my
mother for another half an hour or so until she called me to eat my lunch. That
day has been a horrible day for both of us. We never talked. Infact the silence
continued for a few more days. Good thing I have a job to go to otherwise I
would have become mad with her silence. During these hostile days my mother
visited our neighbours and nearby relatives quite a lot. Possibly just to be
away from me I guess. After threes days of constant silence I decided I have to
put an end to this. After our dinner on thursday, I told her I am Sorry and
never meant to hurt her! She just said its OK but after few seconds, she just
burst into tears. I felt very bad. It took two more days to get back to normal.
The normalcy of our mother-son physical contact never returned though! She
always tried to stay farther from me and locked her room when she changed or
went to sleep. We continued with our lives that way. Another Two
weeks after things got normal, my mother went to a movie with her friends. I
knew she was going to a movie because she asked me some money for the movie as I
was going on a two day trip to a nearby village on work. When I got back the
following day from my trip, things were different at home.
My mother got dressed beautifully in a very nice saree and she had flowers in
her hair. Normally widows never wear flowers in their hair. She is also seemed
to be in a good mood. I was happy but also shocked to see her that way. There
was a lot of contrast between the mother I left for my trip and the mother I am
looking at right now. She also received me well, and asked a lot about my trip.
Slowly I also lost my hostility and interacted with her freely. I was glad mom
is back to normal. After the dinner she insisted me to take shower and go to my
room. I reluctantly had my shower and went back to my room. Then my mother
ordered me not to come out of the room and lay on the bed. I tried to refuse
saying I am not sleepy yet but Nameeta screamed at me to do as Nameeta says. I
didnot wanted to upset my mother again. So I went to bed half-hearted. Few
minutes later I heard my room door open only to see my mother well dressed in a
yellow saree with a glass of milk in my hand. I was
shocked to see her that way. She is all dressed up and reminded me of a bride.
Normally the newly-wed brides enter the room that way with a glass of milk.
For a moment I thought it can't be!!! I could not believe my eyes! I also
thought it might be a prank trying to get back at me for raping her. As she
entered she locked the bedroom door, came to me and handed to glass of milk. I
took it politely and drank the milk. She then told me "Your mother is now ready
to become your woman if you wish to do so!" I was shocked to hear it! I also
need to confess how much those words have caused a twitch in my cock. I could
not believe my own mother is inviting me to fuck her! It took me few minutes to
get my thoughts back on track as I could see my mother Nameeta still waiting
before me for an answer. I didn't know what to do at that moment. My mother is
looking like an elderly woman just married. She is proposing me to take her as
my woman and my dick is throbbing for her pussy. I could not do anything but to
say "YES! YES!" lifting myself from the bed to hug my mother.
We had a passionate kiss as we moved on to our bed. This time we both were
suttle and exploring in our lovemaking session as I opened my mother's blouse to
enjoy her juicy breast amidst my mother's moans which I never expected I will
hear from my mother. She didn't wear any underwear so I just lifted her saree to
her waist to get access to her now wet cunt rather than removing her saree. This
time the sex was devine. As if I am making love to my woman. Until I looked at
her face I never realised I am fucking my own mother. I felt as if I am fucking
Rati, the love godess, herself. Thats why I think they have invented the saying
'Cover the face and fuck the base!' I could also feel my mother's enjoyment of
sex. The moans, the humps, and the juices. I am seeing and feeling the other
side of my mother whom I never saw before. Before I realised I am fucking my
mother as my woman, I already started squirting my semen into her wet cunt for
the second time. After our juicy fuck session we
just laid on the bed caressing each other. I lit a cigarate and it was heavenly
feeling that I was blowing huge smoke blobs while my mother fully naked fondling
my wet limp cock ozing my own cum down her cuntlips. I blow a huge puff on her
face and kissed her on lips. she got my lips in her mouth and started suck on
it. she could test of cigarate on it. her hand was still on my newly arroused
cock. "oh son, I'm feeling so satisfied & still hungry for something, can we do
it again?" I looked at her face and started blow smoke she opened her mouth and
recieved full buff in her mouth. our mouth met tightly closed. she pulled me on
her and adjested my cock on her slimy cunthole. "oh son, push..push inside" she
hunched her ass upward and took my cock in. she I closed my eyes as I sanked in
that warm, buttery deepness. she pushed her torso and made me suck her boobs. my
cigarate was still lighten and midway. she grabbed it from my hand and put it in
her pale lips. I was fucking her hard
with my all strenght. she was moving like a leaf in cyclone. I opened my eyes
and look at her, surprised to watching her smoke. she was looking so sexy and
slut smoking. I cummed on the spot. "oh beta ! it was great to smoke while
fuck" I rolled over and slept beside looking her smoking. Our physical bond
between our legs is now free but neither of us bothered to set our clothes back
to normal. My mother is still open breasted with her blouse hanging from her
shoulders and her saree still lifted up to her thighs. We both were lying on our
sides facing each other. It was then, we talked. mother Nameeta said "Are you
happy now?" I said "More than ever! I love you mom!"
Mom said "I love you too son! From today I am your woman too! You should call
me Nameeta when we are alone. You can have my body too when ever you want!"
I said "Thanks Nameeta! Sorry if I have hurt you before! I think you a very
sexy woman and wanted to be close to you that way too!" Nameeta said "Its
alright! I was in shock to know my son lusted for me and you let me know that in
a violent way" She continued "It was only yesterday I figured I will take our
relationship to new heights! I felt very lonely! I realised I will be like that
forever if I donot do something! Eventhough it was wierd for me to know that you
are lusting for me I finally could accept it as an another form of love towards
me! I even felt proud that I am turning you on! Thats why I decided I will let
you have my body! You already raped me and entered me where you are forbidden to
enter! I have lost my sheel (chastity) by you and I have nothing more to loose!
If I accept the situation I will be gaining than loosing! Thats why I proposed!"
I said "Nameeta, my beloved, I am happy for your proposal and I am also sorry I
had to take you through the rape ordeal! I
did not mean to hurt you!" Mom said smiling "I know you didn't! Thats why I
arranged this first night" and kissed me on the lips as I reciprocated. After
the kiss Nameeta said "Do you know I am wearing the same saree in which I
married your father? We also had our first night in the same saree too!" I was
so excited as I looked at her saree. "You mean you are wearing the same saree my
father fucked you the first time?"
"Yes! This is the same saree in which your daddy took my cherry! Now I am
wearing it to celebrate my first night with my son" Mother replied. "Thats great
Mom!" I exclaimed. I couldn't believe it! I touched and felt the saree again. I
couldn't believe I fucked my mother in her marriage dress. Nameeta, my lovely
mother, let me fuck her in the same saree her husband fucked her for the first
time. I felt I am the luckiest son on the earth! I could not wait any longer as
I moved onto my mother again for an another session to show my gratitude towards
her. Since then our relationship has turned into a mother-son relationship with
an extra bond between our legs. Mother moved into my room which used to be her
room when dad was alive. We still left the bed in her room intact in case if
somebody gets curious. We are just mother and son when anybody is around us. On
a normal day she is my mother by day and my woman by night. Well almost a mother
by day. Except for the days our relations and
friends visit us we always slept together. Sometimes mother used normal
mother-son relationship to get us sleeping together. When we have too many
guests mother used to arrange a bed for us in the bunker we have at the back of
the house saying we can adjust! Little they know that a mother and son can sleep
together with their genitals locked! Mother used to dress like a wife awaiting
her husband's return from work. It was always great to see my mother waiting for
me well dressed with flowers in her head when I return home from work.
She became a wife to me and I am her husband. I am Raju to my mother Nameeta.
Now a days she also compares my style of fucking her to my fathers. She tells me
I fuck her in different positions which my dad never did. she started smoking
while I fuck her hard. she loves to make me fuck her while she uses toilet. even
she fucks my ass with a huge candle embeded in her cunt. Few months later, at
43, my mother Nameeta got pregnant again. This time with my baby. Her son's
baby. I am happy I knocked my dear old mother. My mother is happy that Nameeta
still got her husband's genepool in her stomach. My semen has taken shape in my
mother womb. Our baby is due in six months.

Hi Nameeta, will you be my Mother and fulfill my fantacies?





