Sleepover
by The elliptic pencil

Marla was in bed with my sister. They had partied all night long. Sis was rolled over hogging all their covers with her back to me. Marla was flat on her back, no covers, her sleep shirt was pushed up to almost uncover her tits, and she was bare ass naked from there to her toes. One leg hung over the edge of the bed, spreading her legs open just enough. Marla was snoring softly and I could look right up her pussy. She was a natural redhead. I used my cell to get some choice shots of her display. I told myself that I could probably climb on top and fuck her brains out and she wouldn’t wake up But I settled for pictures. I watched over the two girls as I texted Mike.

Look what I found and I attached one of the pics. He would know better than to leave it in his texts, but I also knew he would save it somewhere safer.

MF he replied, meaning ‘Mother Fuck’!
Get your ass over here He would be fuckin’ flyin’.


On my way Yeah, I figured that.

The girls remained completely unconscious. I loved the view. My sister and Marla are both seniors, due to graduate next month. Me and Mike are in eighth. With any luck we’ll be freshmen next year. Neither one of us has done more than to just kiss a girl and maybe touch her boobies a little. I have seen my sis naked and nearly naked a couple of times for a couple of seconds but never anybody hanging it all out like Marla was right now. Holy shit! And I had a monster boner. I thought about how I used to take baths with my sister when I was little. I remembered when we were alone in the tub she would scrub my penis to make me get hard.
Mike arrived in less than 5 minutes. He lives only 2 houses away. He also knew how to get into (or out of) my house on the quiet. I thought I probably heard a board squeak at the top of the stairway, so I peeked into the hall and there he was. He joined me in Sis’ room and froze and stared at Marla. She had not moved. His eyes just went wide as saucers.
Mike glanced at me and whispered super soft, “I want to touch that so bad I can taste it.”
“Yeah. And I want to taste it so bad I’m ready to shoot a load down my pants leg.”
Mike grinned a stupid grin. “Fuck yeah. Me too.”
We just admired that glorious spread for God only knows how long. We barely breathed.
After some minutes, Mike got his phone out and begin taking pictures of his own. Then Marla made a funny snort noise and rolled partly to her side. Her leg still dangled off the side of the bed, But her other leg had moved enough to obstruct the view up into her pussy. Mike had already taken some close up shots. We both froze still when she moved, then, chickenshits that we are, we backed out of the room and closed the door mostly, but not all the way shut.
We moved quickly and silently to my room, closed the door and began comparing notes ... and pictures.
“This is fuckin’ amazing. I owe you anything you want for calling me in.” Mike looked at me. “What do you think they been doin’? Does your sister do girl on girl stuff?”
I shook my head. “I don’t think so. She’s pretty into guys. Marla is too. They went to a big party last night, until morning, I heard them come in. It was hours and hours after the usual curfew. And she was supposed to be keeping an eye on me. Our parents have flown out of town for a relative’s funeral, Mom’s aunt. We stayed home ‘cause of school and they will get back later today. So I guess Sis and Marla took advantage of the situation.
“Maybe they both got screwed at the party,” Mike mused.
“Well they got drunk for sure. You could sure smell the booze in the bedroom.”
“Yeah, I bet they did some pot or drugs too.” He looked at one of the better photos we’d taken. “Drinkin’ an’ fuckin’ and takin’ pills. They really messed themselves up, didn’t they? And wow! What a great pussy show for us.”
We went downstairs and fixed some cereal for breakfast. It was Saturday. Later we heard noises from the girls upstairs. Someone was barfing. We both went upstairs, The bathroom door was wide open, so we pretty much just had to look. Marla was bent over the toilet with dry heaves. The angle was all wrong but we could see she had a bare butt under her shirt. “Uh, you okay, Marla?” I asked. She waved me off an made a motion like she wanted me to close the door. We both stared at her for a few more seconds then we went on toward my room. The door was open to Sis’ room, so I motioned for Mike to follow and we peeked in. Sis was up too, and obviously not at 100%. She was naked and pulling on her panties as we watched in silence from behind. We backtracked to my room before she saw us.
“I wish we’d gotten some pics of your sister just then. She’s got a great ass.”
I shook my head. “Is that all you ever think about?” I knew it was true for me.
“Yeah. Pretty much.”
I’d left my door open, so we watched Marla make her way back to Sis’ room. She managed to shoot us an angry glare as she passed us by, still just wearing the shirt that almost covered her butt. She flipped us off and Mike and I looked at each other and laughed, but not loud.
Just as Mr. Rogers used to say, it’s a wonderful day in the neighborhood, I thought to myself, and indeed it was. Indeed it was.
