Jeff absently straightens his tie as he climbs the wide, glass-sided staircase to the second floor of Borders Books. It is a weekday and near closing time. Few customers remain.
Finally he is going to meet his mystery lover. After weeks of exchanging steaming correspondence, fantasies, and near-pornographic propositions over the Internet, they have arranged to meet for late drinks at a nearby restaurant, a "blind date." He checks his watch again - still too early. With time to kill he has decided to browse the bookstore, one of "her" favorite places. She mentioned that Borders offered an excellent selection on human relations and sexuality, joking that he could "study up."
Finding the section he begins distractedly scanning the titles, not really seeing them. He checks his watch again. He feels that flutter in his stomach, that tingling anticipation of meeting someone for the first time, a conflict between nervousness, excitement, and curiosity. What would she be like?
Over the net she has been alternately passionate and tentative, bold and reserved, a complex and smart woman with a sometimes offbeat and depreciating sense of humor. She is a writer, someone who likes to be inventive and play with words. He wonders - how inventive and playful is she in other areas of her life?
The photos she has e-mailed are slightly out of focus, products of a bad digital camera. He knows that she is tall with long auburn hair, a generous full figure, pale skin, and a nice smile. A couple of poses hint to a daring streak in her personality. She seems willing to be adventurous, he speculates, though with a degree of uncertainty. He worries - will the attraction they felt over the net translate into reality? Brighten and flare like a fire beginning to catch, or, like so many other dates he has had, fizzle like a sputtering candle?
Impatiently he snaps shut the book he has been holding and re-shelves it, again checking his watch. Then he feels the slightest of touches on his shoulder, like a leaf brought down by the summer breeze. He turns, and there she is. It has to be her - who else could it be?
She is impossibly tall for a woman, right at 6 feet, but holds herself with none of the self-consciousness and embarrassed stoop that many larger women display, but proudly and with confidence. Her eyes are caramel brown, alert and intelligent, her features clean and crisp. The flowing black dress she wears makes her seem even taller, playing to the abundant curves of her body. The color enhances her moon-washed skin and russet-tinged hair. He can definitely see reflections of the Irish ancestry she claimed. Is that a red lace bra peeking out from the plunging neckline?
She holds a single red rose. Jeff has never really felt his pulse "skip a beat" before, but finally understands the phrase as he sees her smile.....
A lively smile of straight white teeth, an easy smile, a ready smile, a smile that promises secret mischief and a hint of things to come.
In a low voice she says, "Hello. I'm Nicole, and you must be Jeff. I recognize you from your photos. I thought we were meeting at the restaurant?"
"I was early," Jeff replies, surprised, his gut tight and anxious. "You told me about this place, so I thought I'd come over and take a look around."
That smile again. "Ah, and I see you found my favorite section." She pauses. "I was early too, and nervous. The books, well, they have a calming effect, I think." Another smile, smaller, more self-conscious. "She's the type who analyzes the situation before letting her full guard down," Jeff realizes, his own apprehension melting.
Diffidently, she proffers the rose in one manicured hand and holds out the other. Sunset red nails, matching her lipstick, the rose, the peeping bra. "This is for you. I'm delighted to finally meet you face-to-face."
Jeff accepts the rose and takes her outstretched hand. A sudden warmth floods him as he touches her flesh. "I think I'm the one who's supposed to bring you flowers."
Another flashing smile from Nicole. "I like being different, doing the unexpected. I hope you don't mind."
This time a smile from Jeff. "Not at all." Still holding her hand, he squeezes it gently. He hesitates a moment, then, tossing caution and decorum to the wind, says, "However, I think I'd like something more than just shaking hands."
Grinning and with a quick laugh, Nicole says, "You don't believe in wasting much time, do you?" She leans toward him and draws his hand close to her body, closes her eyes, trusting, and tilts her face up to his. Softly, he kisses her cheek first, then slowly proceeds to her mouth. A butterfly touch, his closed lips delicately brush hers, then open slightly and linger. "Her lips are as soft as the rose petals," he thinks. His free hand moves to rest lightly on her waist. He feels a stirring in his groin, the first suggestion of arousal. Uncertain, he believes he can feel her trembling slightly.
Slowly they part, hands still clasped. Nicole reaches up and traces Jeff's lips, rubbing mildly. "You have a lipstick smear."
"That okay," he tells her. Her fingers touching his lips have excited him further. He shifts uncomfortably, hoping she hasn't noticed that he's getting an erection.
For a moment they just stand, gazing at each other, saying nothing. Jeff is starting to feel very warm, and is glad he left his coat in the car. Can she tell that he is beginning to sweat?
Loudspeakers announce that the store will be closing in five minutes.
"I guess we'd better go," Nicole reluctantly states. "Can we please take the elevator? I'm ashamed to confess that I'm afraid of heights, and the bookcase here is too open. It makes me dizzy."
Jeff is thinking he'd like to make her dizzy, make her tremble and shudder and moan and call his name out in ecstasy, but it is much too soon, so he mentally slaps himself. Still hand-in-hand, they silently make their way to the elevator. Nicole has a couple of books under her arm. Jeff can't see the titles, but he's pretty sure they're sex books from the way she is trying to hide them from his sight. "She still has a shy streak, after all," he muses.
The door closes, and Jeff starts to pull Nicole closer, but the elevator gives an alarming lurch and comes to a halt. Startled, Nicole drops her books. Concerned and putting his arm around Nicole protectively, Jeff presses the emergency intercom button on the control panel. After a moment of static, a man's voice comes through.
"This is the manager. Yeah, we know the damn thing's stuck again. We were hoping nobody was on board. How many people are in there?"
"Just the two of us," Jeff responds. "How long is this going to take? Can the elevator slip? Should we be bracing ourselves or something?"
"Nah, you'll be fine. It freezes up like this all the time," reassures the manager. "We just called the repairman, but it'll take him half an hour to get here and maybe another 30-45 minutes to get you out. Just hang tight. Hopefully you've got some books in there with you. You'll have time to read 'em. Sorry." Click.
"Well," Jeff says, his arm still around Nicole, comforting, "we're going to be here for a while." He points toward the spilled books and teasingly says, "I guess we could study those."
Nicole, cheeks coloring slightly, ducks her head and mumbles, "Perhaps we ought to think of something else?"
Now Jeff pulls Nicole close, his left arm encircling her, his right hand playfully sticking the rose through her hair. He cradles her chin, raising her face up so he can look into her questioning eyes. He can smell the fragrance of her hair, lightly scented with vanilla musk, and he finds it intoxicating. He leans in to her ear, conspiratorially. "I can think of something we'd rather do," he whispers.
Again, that smile. Nicole lets Jeff tighten his embrace, her lips meeting his again, tenderly. Her tongue cautiously emerges to probe his mouth. He lets her take the lead, his tongue gently coaxing and encouraging. Their kiss becomes forceful, deep, their tongues searching. They break for a moment, breathless. "You taste so good," Nicole says, her voice low and thick with passion. She begins to kiss Jeff's neck, slowly at first, then rapid-fire kisses, her tongue darting in and out like a serpent. He feels her teeth teasingly graze his skin, and an electric shiver runs down his spine.
She backs up and smiles again, impishly. Then her smile slowly dissipates, and she thoughtfully looks at him. "It's almost like she's sizing me up," Jeff thinks, "and making some decision."
Imperceptibly nodding to herself, she looks him directly and defiantly in the eyes, loosens his tie, tosses it aside, and unbuttons his shirt. Jeff smiles widely and tries to hug her, but Nicole pushes his hands away, pushes him flat against the wall. Bending, she runs her tongue lazily down his chest, with frequent stops to kiss and nuzzle. One hand moves to grip his shoulder, fingers of the other softly caress his chest with a silken touch. Finding his right nipple, she wisps her tongue over it, then gently sucks. Another shiver travels through Jeff's body, and he groans low in his throat. She leisurely makes her way over to his left nipple, tantalizing it.
Suddenly Jeff's mouth is buried in her neck, kissing, sucking, licking,tasting. His arms crush her to him, his erection rock hard and pressed into her crotch. Nicole whimpers under her breath. No doubt now, Jeff can definitely feel her tremble. His own heart is pounding in his chest, the blood rushing in his veins, his desire intense and building.
He slips one side of her dress down, and yes, there is a red lace bra underneath. Pulling the strap low over her shoulder and arm, he manages to reveal one ample, pale breast. Even before his mouth hungrily cover the rosy bud he finds it already rigid with her excitement. She moans in delight as he licks and sucks her.
She tugs his shirt out of his slacks and begins fumbling with his belt, clumsy in her urgency. "Please," she begs, her breathing fast and shallow. "Please, Jeff, I want you. Don't make me wait anymore. We've been leading up to this for forever! Please?" Her tone is pleading, and she bites her lower lip in frustration as the zipper on his trousers refuses to cooperate.
He carefully backs her into the corner, then pulls up the hem of her dress. A red lace garter belt, mate to her bra, secures dark stockings. One arm goes around her waist, holding up her dress and supporting her. The hand of the other falls between her legs, to discover two surprises - her inner thighs are slick already with the moisture pouring from her swollen pussy, and she has no underwear on.
"No panties?"
"T-Too w-warm tonight w-with stockings t-too," Nicole manages to stammer out.
By now she has dropped his trousers and freed his throbbing cock. She wraps her arms around him, one grasping his ass, the other under his open shirt and around his torso, urging him closer. "P-Please, Jeff...."
"Soon, love," he whispers.
He wants to explore her. Holding her, kissing her neck, he revels in the feel of her naked breast pressed against his chest, her nipple marble-hard. His fingers, drenched with her sweet juices, brush and fondle her opening, tormenting her, each stroke rewarded with a moan or whimper. He gently slips one just inside her. She gasps in pleasure and he feels her body tense. He withdraws and starts to rub her, slowly and gradually increasing the speed and pressure. She is panting, shaking, moaning, her head inclined forward and resting on his shoulder, her arms clutching his body desperately. Her hips began to move, grinding her vulva against his hand.
"Come on baby," he whispers softly, nuzzling her hair and holding her even tighter, strong fingers dancing over her clit. "You're so close, Nicole, so close. It's okay to let go with me, honey."
Abruptly Nicole throws her head back, eyes closed, face taunt and flushed. "Oh, God!" she cries out loudly. She goes rigid for a moment, holding her breath, then Jeff feels her begin to shudder violently. She is nearly yelling his name now. "Jeff!JEFF!!"
He continues to gently massage her sex, quietly repeating her name and kissing her neck, until her contractions subside and she collapses against him. By now Jeff's cock is granite, his desire burning, his need to be inside her undeniable. He pulls her closer, clasps both arms around her waist, bends his knees slightly, at the same time bending her backward into the wall. Her arms come up to encircle his neck. He kisses her deeply, his rod-stiff member aching to plunge into her. But no, Jeff wants to savor every intense moment. He slowly, deliberately, enters her.
She is molten, liquid heat. He gasps now as her hot recesses swallow his pulsing member. He begins to move inside her, a delicious, steady rhythm, an unhurried pace. Nicole's breathing becomes ragged again.
"Jeff," she whispers huskily in his ear. "You feel like velvet....iron....fire, all at the same time." She begins to moan in sync with his thrusts. His mouth locates her neck again, biting gently, tasting salt. She threads her fingers in his hair, tugging slightly. "Harder," she pleads, barely audible.
Jeff increases the force of his motions. "You want it hard and fast, Nicole? You want me to make you scream again, honey? You want to cum in my arms? Is that what you want? Hmmm?"
"Yes," she groans. "Yes, yes, yes!"
Her hips begin to rock, meeting his thrusts, asking his body to sink his cock deeper and deeper into her. She seems to want as much of him as possible, and wraps one long leg around him. He is pounding her against the wall like a pile driver now, her nails digging into his back, both of them moaning in abandon. As Jeff feels himself pass the point of no return, a surge of heat radiates throughout his body, every nerve ending seemingly ablaze. He erupts like a volcano, spewing lava cum inside her. Nicole is shuddering again, the first waves of orgasm washing over her. All thoughts of time and place are gone for both.
Which is why neither of them notice that the elevator is moving again.
Just at the peak of pleasure, with each screaming the other's name,the doors open. As awareness returns, Nicole opens her eyes to see a shocked manager, his assistant and staff, and a grizzled repairman all standing outside the elevator gaping in amazement. A gray-haired matron turns deathly white and promptly faints dead away, two young male clerks catching her just before she hits the floor.
"OH--MY--GOD--JEFF!" Nicole exclaims, and disengaging from him, frantically starts to pull her clothes back into place. Jeff turns, blanches and utters "Crap!" and starts dragging his pants back up, mooning the stunned observers in the process. Within seconds, both are racing for the main door, books, as well as Jeff's tie and the fallen rose from Nicole's hair, forgotten on the floor. Behind them, their impromptu and appreciative audience begins to clap and hoot.
Just before reaching the exit, red-faced but grinning from ear-to-ear, Nicole turns with a flourish and bows to the applause, then follows Jeff out into the street, her laughter pealing through the air.
The manager (who did not clap or hoot) starts to rant at the repairman, "That's it! We're closing this elevator down and you are fired!" Spotting the discarded books on the elevator floor, he stomps off, growling, "We're moving the sex section next to the register where I can keep an eye on it from now on!"
One of the clerks, grinning broadly and fanning the awakening senior citizen, turns to the assistant manager. "Hey Mark, think the hidden security cam caught all that?"
Mark, still chuckling, replies, "God, I hope so. They're going to be the featured attraction at my next keg party. I may even charge admission!"