DISCLAIMER:  If you aren't over the age of 18 then stop reading.  If you are then please
read on, and thanks for spending the time.

I'm new at this and want to get better.  Please send me feedback at feryk2001@yahoo.com
Thanks in advance.








I met her in my office.  She was assigned to one of the other consultants I share space 
with, and there was something about the way she moved that caught my eye.  She seemed 
confident, and roamed the office at will.  Normally, a new assistant will spend most of 
her time at her desk, and will only speak to a consultant if spoken to.  Not her.  She 
would captivate groups of us at once, telling us flirtatious stories, flashing her playful 
baby blues at us all.

Bobbie was small.  I figured her for four foot eight, and maybe a hundred pounds soaking 
wet.  We had talked a few times, but no more than anyone else.  I found her attractive, 
but aside from some indirect flirting, had not really felt any chemistry .  She had 
mentioned she was in a committed relationship, and the scuttlebutt around the office was 
that the guy was loaded.  She had mentioned that she lived in the top floor of a very 
expensive condo development, so I guessed it was true, but I never really gave it much 
thought.

 One day I happened to be walking by her cubicle late at night, and I saw her working, 
savagely punching away at her keyboard.  Two things I hadn't seen before; Bobbie 
working late, and Bobbie angry.  I was exhausted from a long day myself, but decided to 
ask what was bothering her.

"Nothing's wrong," she said in a tone that implied the opposite.  She started swearing 
because she had made a small error and had to reverse and entry on the spreadsheet she 
was working with.  "No.  I'm fine," she continued, though I hadn't said anything else.

"Okay.  Just thought I'd ask." I said in a weary tone, and started to shuffle to the door.

Abruptly, she turned and stared at me with her pale blue eyes.   They were quite amazing, 
really. "Why are men such assholes?" she asked me.

"It's in the DNA," I said.  It was the best I could do on short notice.  I wanted to keep her 
talking, although why, I didn't know.  "Problem at home?" I inquired, wondering why I 
asked, and whether or not she would tell me.  We didn't know each other well enough to 
trade war stories by any means.

She shook her head.  "No. Not really.  It's just that John." she trailed off, and I knew 
she was deciding whether or not to confide in me.  People do, for some reason.  I guess I 
have an honest face.

"John wants to buy me a car.  An expensive one," she said at last.  She seemed genuinely 
upset.

"That bastard!" I exclaimed in my best tone of mock outrage.

She smiled.  I don't know why I hadn't noticed her smile before.  It started up at her eyes 
(which I couldn't seem to stop staring at), and eventually lit up her entire face.  It also 
revealed a small gap between her two front teeth.  Not much, and if you didn't really look 
you wouldn't see it.  For some reason, I found it sexy.  I was a little deflated when her 
expression returned to its former serious self.  "It actually is a problem.  For me, at least."

She went on to explain that her boyfriend was, in fact, rich.  He himself was quite 
successful, but he also had family money.  The kind that goes way back.  They had been 
living together for three years, and in that time, he had showered Bobbie with gifts, 
vacations, and other things most women would crawl over a live hand grenade for.

The problem was, Bobbie wasn't most women.  She didn't want John to feel like she was 
sticking around because of his money, so she had gone out of her way to stand on her 
own.  She shared the bills with John, paid her own way on the vacations they took, and 
any money she spent was her own.  She had been driving a car when she met John, but it 
was ready for the scrap yard, and she needed a new one.  She had been looking at an 
economical compact car, but John said that he wanted to buy her an expensive European 
sport sedan.  It was, he said, because he would need to borrow it from time to time when 
he went out of town on business.

She knew he was just trying to find an excuse so he could buy it for her.  It made her 
uncomfortable, she explained.  Her mother and her friends told her she was entitled to the 
car, but it didn't feel right.  She didn't know how to turn it down without alienating him.

I listened as all this came pouring out of her, thinking to myself that most people would 
tell her to count herself lucky, and take the damn car.  I honestly have no idea why I said 
what I did next.

"Tell him to stuff the car," I said without thinking.

She paused, and looked like I had slapped her.  "Really? He won't get mad?"

"Not if he loves you," I shuffled, thinking fast now that I had stepped in it.  "What I'm 
hearing you say is that you don't want to be a bird in a gilded cage.  So don't be.  If he 
loves you, he'll understand."

She thought for a minute.  "You're right.  I'll talk to him and tell him I'm buying the 
compact.  Thanks, Bruce."  She kissed me on the cheek and rose to leave.  I rose too, but 
in a different way.

"You go, girl." Lame, I know, but it was all I could think to say.

The next morning, Bobbie wasn't at her desk.  I didn't give it much thought, and got 
caught up in work for the rest of the day.  Another damn late night.  On the way out, I 
noticed a light on at her workstation, and went to see if she was there.

It was obvious she had been crying.  Bobbie's blue eyes blazed, her cheeks were spotted 
and red.  I didn't know what to say, so I mumbled something like, "Oh.  Sorry, I'll 
just."

She grabbed my arm, and motioned for me to sit down while she composed herself.  It 
took a minute, but she finally said.  "John, ah, John didn't take it so well."

I nodded.  "Sorry to hear that.  I guess I give lousy advice."  I felt bad.  I hadn't intended 
to cause a problem for her.

She shook her head.  "No.  What you said was right.  We had a huge fight last night, and 
I realized afterwards, that it was exactly what you said."

I was at a loss.  "What did I say?"

She sniffed, and dabbed her eyes with a tissue, looking at that moment as scared and 
vulnerable as I had ever seen her.  "You said I was a bird in a gilded cage.  And you were 
right, I was.  As we were fighting, I realized that in the last three years I had changed 
myself to be what John wanted me to be, not who I really was.  I've been trying to be the 
perfect girlfriend, hoping he would.." She broke down again, and cried for a short 
while.  "Hoping he would marry me.  He made it clear last night that it wasn't going to 
happen."

I was stunned but not entirely upset by this news.  I nodded sympathetically, hoping I 
looked sincere.  "You need to be true to yourself." It sounded totally insincere, even to 
me, but Bobbie just nodded.

"So what now?" I asked, curious.

"So now I need a place to stay," she said in a small voice.  "I've been sitting here, trying 
to figure out what to do."

"You're telling me you have no place to go?  What about your family?  Friends?" I 
asked, trying to be supportive.

She shook her head.  "My family are all out east.  As for my friends, they were all John's 
friends.  I don't really think I could ask any of them."
"What about a hotel?  Why don't you put yourself up in a hotel for a couple of days 
and." I started.

"I can't.  I can't afford it."  She explained that she had maxed out her credit cards during 
her last trip with John and hadn't paid them down.  She had spent the morning packing all 
her things into a trailer hooked to the back of her dilapidated old car, and that had taken 
all her cash until the next pay day.

Now, I know that by reading this so far, you probably think I'm a clueless idiot.  And 
you'd be right.  It wasn't until just now in the conversation that I realized my opportunity.

"C'mon.  You can stay with me.  I have a spare room," I said as casually as I could 
muster.  I live alone.  I have for a long time, now.

She blinked in surprise, then stared at me, and I could sense her radar finally come up.  
There she was at four foot eight and a hundred pounds, and there I was a six four and two 
fifty.  We were friendly, but her better judgement was kicking in.  I could see her about to 
decline, then I asked what other options she had.  She knew she didn't have one, and she 
sagged a bit, defeated.  "But it's only for a few days.  Just until payday."

I backed off a bit.  "Hey," I said, a little offended, "I'm the one trying to help you, 
remember?  If you don't want to stay, then don't."

"No! I mean, uh, no, Bruce.  I do want to stay.  I'm just.I don't know, a little confused, 
that's all.  Thanks."  She looked at the floor, feeling bad.

"Don't worry about it.  Let's just get you settled."

I had her follow me home, and let her park in the garage next to me.  We decided to 
unload the trailer into the storage room in my basement, and I returned it to save Bobbie 
having to rent the damn thing for the next several days.  She seemed grateful for my help, 
and said so.  I nodded acknowledgement, and invited her to sit on the couch in the 
television room while I headed to the kitchen.

"Did you eat yet?" I called from inside the pantry as I looked for something I could make 
fast.  I didn't hear her answer, so I started to call even louder, when she said "No" right 
behind me.

I almost jumped out of my skin, and she laughed.  I've mentioned her smile before.  Her 
laugh is better.  It almost made my near heart attack worth it.  She asked me if it was 
okay if she made dinner.  I nodded and sat down in a chair beside the table, while I got 
my breath back.

She poked around in my pantry for a while, then checked out the refrigerator and freezer, 
all the while mumbling to herself.  She noticed my mini wine rack in the pantry, and 
asked if I felt like having wine for dinner.  I agreed, and suggested a Claret I was fond of.  
That inspired her, and she set about assembling her ingredients while I poured us each a 
glass of the dark red.

Soon after, we were sharing a dish of meatballs in a sauce I had never heard of, on a bed 
of broad pasta noodles.  I was in heaven, and it went well with the full bodied wine I had 
selected.  I complimented her on her cooking skills, and Bobbie blushed a little.

"It's been awhile since someone appreciated my cooking.  John only liked certain things, 
and wouldn't experiment," she said with a little lift in her voice.  It wasn't much, but it 
was enough to make me wonder if we were still talking about food.  I decided to play 
dumb since it's what I do best anyway.

"So he wouldn't eat this?" I asked.

"Nope."

"His loss," I said, shoveling another mouthful in.

We ate in silence for awhile.  Bobbie seemed lost in her thoughts, and I didn't want to 
intrude.  Besides, I had a plateful of first class vittles in front of me, and I wasn't about to 
let it go to waste.  It occurred to me that it might be good to fill up the silence, so I 
grabbed the remote for my stereo, and activated the CD I had sitting in there.

Soon, Diana Krall's smoky alto voice played softly in the background.  Her music has a 
soothing effect on me at the best of times, and relaxing with good wine and better food, it 
was almost magical.  I waited until Bobbie was pushing her food around her plate, and 
then offered to clear the table.  She nodded, and I suggested she relax in the living room 
while I cleaned.  Afterwards, I topped up our wine glasses and went to join her.

When I got there, she had stretched her feet out onto the table.  I noticed again how small 
they were, especially compared to my size 12 clodhoppers.  Her head was back against 
the couch with her eyes closed, and I could see her swaying gently in time to the music.  
"Besame Mucho" had just started with a subdued yet passionate Latin rhythm.  I didn't 
want to intrude on her moment, so I stood there silently watching.

Something amazing happens when you take the time to really look at another person, 
especially one you have a growing attraction for.  I took in every detail of her, swaying to 
the music.  I took in each nuance, things I would normally never see, just because I would 
usually be too busy to notice.  I saw the small mole at the crook of her left elbow, and 
how her full lips formed a natural pout when she was resting.  I realized that she must 
sculpt her eyebrows, because they were perfect in shape and length.  I watched her 
breathing deeply, in time with the music, and noticed that under her heavy blue sweater, 
her body was fit and well shaped.  The conservative gray flannel pants she wore were 
perfectly tailored, and showed that she was long in the leg for someone so small.

Enough time passed that I became worried she might open her eyes and see me standing 
there, so I made a little shuffling noise, and made like I just entered.  Her eyes fluttered 
open and she sat back on the couch with her legs crossed primly.  I presented her glass of 
wine, but she declined, claiming it would put her to sleep.

"Good", I said.  "You need some rest."  I put the drink on the table in front of her, and 
took the chair to her left.  I swirled the wine in my glass, enjoying the vapors swirling out 
of it.  After a moment, I took a small mouthful, closed my eyes, and enjoyed the flavor as 
it slid down my throat.  I must've been showing my enjoyment, because when I opened 
my eyes Bobbie was watching.

"You like your wine, don't you?"  she said, teasing a little.

"Absolutely.  Fine wine, great food, soft jazz.  It doesn't get much better."  I paused, 
taking another small amount of wine.  "And you?  Are you feeling better?  At least a 
little?"

She took a deep breath and reached for her wine.  She drank deeply and swallowed.  
"Yes, I guess.  I'm sure I'll look back and realize this was all for the best.  It's just a lot to 
take, especially so suddenly.  Did you know on Monday, I stopped at a jewelry store, that 
one in our building, to look at engagement rings?  I had the one I wanted all picked out, 
and was just trying to find a way to let John know.  I was so sure he was going to ask 
me."

I could see her starting to well up.  As always, I was at a loss for words, so I just sipped 
my wine, and let her continue.  It took her a while, but eventually she told me her life 
story.  Her previous abusive relationship.  Her move away from the city to get away.  
Hooking up with John.  All of it.  Truthfully, I was hoping she would stop, but she 
seemed to need to talk.  As she was talking, I noticed she kept gulping her wine.  Soon, 
we were both at the bottom of our glass.  Seizing the opportunity for a break, I grabbed 
her glass, and offered a dessert wine.  She declined, saying she had had too much already.

I went to the kitchen, placed the glasses in the sink, and opened up a bottle of Okanagan 
Ice Wine.  This slim little treasure cost me a small fortune, but it was worth every penny.  
I pulled my smaller dessert glasses out and filled them.  The dark gold wine came slowly 
out of the bottle.  It was quite thick, some might say syrupy, and it was sweet enough to 
make a diabetic reach for his insulin.  It was the perfect after dinner drink.

I told Bobbie that she didn't have to have any, but it was one of my greatest pleasures, 
and I wasn't going to deny myself.  I placed the glass in front of her anyway.  By this 
time, the CD had changed to Barry White, and we were relaxing to a laid back, Motown 
style.  Bobbie sighed deeply, and sampled the ice wine.  She complimented me on it, 
marveling at it's texture, and the way it both warms and chills you on the way down.

We both were feeling mellow, and I reached over and took her tiny hand in mine, looking 
into those blue, blue eyes.  "I know you're hurting right now, but you are right, you 
know."

She watched me closely, not moving at all.  "Right about what?"

"You will look back on this and realize it's for the best," I said.  "Sometimes, things 
happen for a reason."

She arched one of her perfect eyebrows.  "Such as?"

I took a breath.  This moment was charged with tension, and it wasn't really my style to 
be so direct, but I couldn't stop myself.  "Maybe your time with John needed to end so 
you could have something with someone else.  Something real.  The right guy might be 
right around the corner."  I tried to look away from those eyes, but I just couldn't.

She looked at me for a long, long time.  I was beginning to think I had pushed too far, 
and was thinking I should try to find some way out of this that wouldn't kill me from 
embarrassment.  Bobbie saved me the trouble. Without breaking eye contact, she released 
my hand, and put down her glass of ice wine.  She rose slowly and deliberately and came 
to stand directly in front of me.  I noticed we were almost the same height, now that I was 
seated.

She placed a tiny hand on each side of my face, and leaned forward to kiss me deeply.  
My eyes closed, and I could feel her tiny tongue find it's way to mine.  I wanted to savor 
every moment of this, and relaxed into it, taking my time.  My hands went up her arms to 
her shoulders, and worked their way to the small of her back.  Her hands were busy 
tussling my hair, as she pulled me toward her with more and more passion.  This close, I 
could smell her perfume, subtle and sweet.

We came up for air several minutes later.  As we broke our kiss, she pulled away, and I 
watched as her eyes opened.  I felt more intimacy in that moment than I had ever felt 
before.  I knew that I couldn't hide anything from her, or she from me.  "Or maybe, the 
right guy is right here," she said softly.  I kissed her again, more deeply than the last, and 
with more passion.  My arousal lit up like a christmas tree, and I knew I had to have her 
right now.

She clearly felt the same way.  She stood while still kissing me, and went to work on my 
pants.   I raised my hips as she pulled my belt free, undid my zipper, and pulled my 
trousers to the floor.  At the same time, my hands were busy undoing her bra clasp.  We 
both achieved our goals in record time, and soon my hands had moved to her well 
proportioned breasts, teasing her nipples with my thumbs.  She groaned into our kiss as 
our tongues swirled together and she pressed her chest into my hands, seeking more.

Her hands were busy too.  With my pants around the floor, my erection was poking 
through the opening in my boxers and standing straight at attention.  She began to stroke 
me, first with one tiny hand, then with both.  She broke our kiss long enough to look 
down at me.  "You're huge," she said as our mouths met again.  I was too busy groaning 
in pleasure to say anything.

Finally, I pulled away far enough to take her baggy sweater and pull it over her head.  It 
was my first view of the breasts I had been teasing.  They were perfect.  Bobbie had faint 
freckles over her nose and cheeks.  Now I knew they continued down onto her breasts as 
well.  Faint pink nipples, growing rapidly darker with her arousal topped off her perfectly 
formed cones, and pointed towards the sky.  My mouth watered, and as she tossed her 
sweater to the ground, I dove in, taking her right nipple into my mouth.
I sucked on it softly, and her back arched and her head tilted upwards in pleasure.  She 
made a small growling noise as I teased her nipple with my tongue.  I continued to 
massage the left breast with my right hand, as my left hand traced the curve of her ass.

I moved my mouth to her other nipple, causing a new round of growling.  I undid the 
fastener at the front of her grey flannel pants, and drew the zipper down.  I practically 
ripped her pants off, I was in such a hurry, and was rewarded when she stepped out of 
them at last.  I was surprised when my hand returned to her ass, and a very small bit of 
fabric.  I broke our kiss long enough to look, and see a pale blue thong, very tiny, and 
extremely sexy.  I think I managed to grunt, "Whoa," or something as profound.

Whatever it was, Bobbie liked my reaction.  She pushed me back, so I fell on the chair, 
almost fully reclined.  She climbed up me, and placed a knee on either side of my hips.  
She pulled my head to hers and we kissed again as her hips ground fiercely into mine.  
My dick was on fire, and throbbed as she moved up and down it's length, pinning it 
between herself and me.  Essentially, the only thing between us was the thin lycra of her 
thong.

As she was kissing me she said, "Do you like my tattoo?"

I honestly had not seen any tattoo.  Knowing I could kill the mood, I said "Uh.what 
tattoo?"

She said.  "You know, the cute little mouse, right where my hip and my leg join?"  She 
pulled back a little as she said this, but not enough that I could see that part of her.

I didn't think faking it was the right answer.  So I tried for horny instead.  "No, I didn't 
see it.  Why don't you show it to me?"  I grinned lewdly.

She rose up, causing sweet torture to my already strained cock, and looked down.  No 
tattoo anywhere.  She pulled aside her thong, revealing a totally shaved pussy.  "Ooops!  
My pussy ate it!" she exclaimed, then in one swift motion, she grabbed my swollen tool, 
and sat down on it.  She made it almost halfway before friction stopped her.

I saw lights flashing behind my eyes, and I thrust upwards to meet her, but she was small, 
and her pussy was very tight.  With each stroke we got a little further, and I could feel 
her channel lubricating.  Finally she settled right down, taking me in to the base.  She 
grunted and then sighed as she planted herself.  I played with her nipples as she began to 
rock her hips back and forth.

With each rock I could feel myself climbing towards climax.  It was too soon but I knew 
I wouldn't have long to last.  Apparently Bobbie didn't either.  I looked down and 
noticed her clit had grown substantially.  Her juices were really flowing now and coated 
both of us.  I moved one hand from her breast, and started to rub her clit up and down in time 
with the rocking motion of her hips.  "Oh!" she gasped in surprise, and started to bite her 
lip.  I knew neither of us would be long.  I put my other hand on her hip to steady her as 
she rocked.

Her breathing became more labored, and I saw her chest start to flush.  She started to 
gasp.  "Oh. Unh. Oh!  Fuck me! Fuck Me! Fuck ME!"

I did as I was told.  I timed my arching hips with her rocking motion, and managed a little 
extra pressure during each stroke.

That seemed to be enough.  She screamed, and I could feel a rush of wet heat flow out of 
her around me.  Her vagina contracted quickly, rhythmic spasms cascading through her 
whole body .  I went over the edge in a heartbeat, and thust my hips violently upward, 
lifting Bobbie right off the chair.  My orgasm blasted into her in one long, screaming 
thrust.  I held her there, and grunted as our fluids mixed, pulsing through us as the 
pleasure ripped through our bodies.

It was a perfect moment, one that I didn't want to end, but eventually of course, it had to.  
I collapsed down, and Bobbie fell forward onto my chest, both of us sweaty and 
breathless.  Her head fit under mine, and I put my arms around her.  I felt myself start to 
shrink, and eventually withdraw from her sex.  I stroked her hair softly, and we lay there 
without saying a word for a long while.  

Eventually, Bobbie patted my chest, and rose up.  She looked damn amazing with her 
hair tussled and her body covered in a sheen of sweat.  She smiled at me, a small, almost 
timid smile, and said, "Well, I should, umm, go."  She started to climb off, and I could 
see she was wondering if this had been a mistake.

She stood up and turned to go.  I stopped her, touching her shoulder lightly and she 
turned to look up into my face.  The doubt in her eyes was unmistakable.  I had no idea 
what to say or do at a moment like this.  I had been winging this so far, and any 
semblance of a plan had escaped me.  Eventually, I bent down and as gently as I could, 
swept her off her feet.  She was so light, it was like holding vapor.  Instinctively, she put 
her arms around my neck, and we looked into each other's eyes for a time.   I 
could see the doubt subside in her eyes, to be replaced by something I hadn't seen in a 
long while.

I carried her to the bedroom, not knowing anything, but that I didn't want this to end.  
That was six months ago.  She never did sleep in the spare room.  Today, I stopped by a 
certain store in the building I work in.  I hope she likes the ring.
