To begin with I will confess that while what's happened was not through my own choices I put myself in the way of it and further now on reflection (although with so much time and experiences in between it's difficult to be certain) I suspect I was more willing than not.

My very first taste of bondage came when Mike tied my hands before we had sex when we were students. It was awesome. The next time I was blindfold and it sort of took off from there.

I found I adored being restrained and loved being used like some tramp which was odd because at other times I was quite a strong person. Anyway to the events that shaped and eventually changed my life:

We'd got into the habit of having bondage sex all the time and after we got married we not only did it a lot I became willing (eager) to let myself be used totally. I'll not go into huge details here as to its evolution but I particularly enjoyed risky sex and being utterly helpless. So the day in question we'd gone to a disused factory we'd noticed several times before where I let Mike tie me spread across an old office table with a rug under me, my shaved sex easily accessible.

I was as usual made up like a tart which like I said was part of the whole scene we'd developed over the years and I wore a tiny skirt, no underwear (except hold-ups) and tall heels. I had on a tee-shirt that we'd bought a couple of years before, which front and back had `I'm here for a good fucking' printed in large red letters. I loved dressing in this because it made me feel so wanton and vulnerable to others (not that anyone had seen me it was just the fear they might) and with everything else I really look like a hooker rather than a teacher.

Mike then secured me tightly, as was the norm then happily he left me alone as he went off (home for a beer and a sandwich probably) while I had to stay secured and open while contemplating my fate. Only today my fate was going to be very different.

I listened as the car drove away and knew I was alone for the next half hour or so which actually only served to turn me on as I was completely helpless. I felt the usual tingle between my legs so tried to find a way of bringing myself off which wasn't going to be easy but with a bit of adjustment I was able to rub my pussy against the edge of the desk. This served to push me slowly towards my first climax of the day only before I got there I heard the voices.

They were from not far away from where I was lying, open and inviting then they got closer and closer. I hoped somehow it was Mike doing some sound effects but that was ridiculous and sure enough in strode a gang of teenage boys.

"Fuck me!" one of them yelled and then as we recognised one another he laughed. "It's Mrs Cable from school!"

"Billy... please leave." I asked the boy but of course there I was, his teacher (I was twenty seven he was seventeen) trussed up and ready. I knew what I looked like and had no doubt what was going to happen as they stared at me with my tee-shirt asking them to do what they wanted to do anyway! The mobiles came out and clicked as they took picture after picture and then as I asked in a tiny voice for them not to do anything stupid I felt a cock slide into me.

I was already open and so very wet and despite my instant fear the boy slid in very easily. "She's pouring down here!" He told the rest of the group with a laugh as they continued to take pictures of him as he had me. 

"What a fucking slut!" Another stated.

"Fuck her hard Billy!" Another urged pointlessly as he was hammering me anyway.

"Please stop Billy." I grunted. "This was a private bit of fun." I tried to sound reasonable. "This will be rape if you continue." It was such a stupid thing to say as his cock squelched inside my wet hole.

"Crap! Your just a fucking slut!" He was getting faster already, "Look at you `I'm here for a good fucking'! Christ there's hookers who are more discrete than you, you slag!" Then he came, having lasted probably no more than three minutes.

I realised at that moment that unless Mike returned to stop them I'd be taken by all of these boys and shamefully five of the six went to my school. I was in real, real trouble. After Billy, Marty took his turn and then Jake, all kids at my school. This was just so awful especially as I took them all for several lessons a week. None of them lasted more than four or five minutes and all climaxed deep inside me.

Now it was the turn of the one I didn't know (Sam as it turned out), then Corry and finally Matt. Sam was tiny and Matt had got so excited that he came almost as soon as he was in me despite the fact that I must have been little more than a sloopy hole and could hardly feel him. Corry however was very large (he wasn't any taller than the rest but his cock was large) and filled me very full.

Now I must admit that I was turned on before they started and despite myself  I climaxed when Corry had me, although I tried to keep it quiet because I didn't want to give them ideas. I told myself this was simply a physical reaction to being too stretched by him plus the fact that I'd endured twenty minutes of sex already. I wasn't sure if it was true since rape shouldn't feel that good.

Despite being with all six of them the whole event was over inside half an hour none lasting more than a few minutes. Marty was now keen to leave and Sam agreed telling Billy they needed to get out of there before anyone came.

"So what?" Billy retorted aggressively. "She's lying here like that because she wants to get fucked!"

"Yeah but not by us!" Marty added.

"Who says? Look at her man! She's dressed like a whore and is begging to be fucked! He gestured at my top which I remembered had the unambiguous statement on it. "I say we stay and fuck her some more. Maybe we should take her to Jake's and fuck her all night..."

"Mate, leave it!" Sam responded. "She came here with someone and he'll be back. We've had some fun so let's get to the pub."

"I agree." This came from Matt. I could here a mumble of assent from someone else probably Marty.

Billy shook his head then looked at me as I lay still helpless 

"Teach, we have a load of material, photos, video and shit which I'm dying to share with our friends at school."

That's when I cried and begged him not to show them to anyone which prompted laughter from the others.

"Please!" I begged. "I'll not tell anyone about this. No one I promise!"

"We know you won't but what's in it for us then Mrs C?" Corry asked with a grin. He knew perfectly well.

"I'll not report you for raping me!" I repeated bravely.

 "OK." Billy said. "If you are nice to us say after school Monday we'll forget the whole thing..."

"NO!" This from Jake. "I want to fuck her some more, lots more!"

"Yeah!" Corry agreed. "I want to fuck her lots too!"

"NO!" I screamed. "I won't do it! I'll go to the police and I'll tell them you raped me. They'll believe me not you!"

"You are so full of shit!" Jake stated with a grin. "No one will believe you especially as we have pictures of you like this!" He waved his phone and the wind went out of me. I knew they had me at their mercy and hard as I thought there seemed no way out of this except to do what they wanted and to hope they could keep quite. Fat chance of that I realised.

"I... I can't. I'm married. I pleaded one last time. This was just some private fun."

"We'll keep it private." Billy replied with a smile. "Just keep us happy and we'll say nothing!"

I was crying again as they waited. "I... please don't make me do this... I don't want to do this again... please!" I was begging but they just laughed and then Matt added. "Look Mrs C were going to fuck you so just get used to it!"

With that Sam suggested they untie me and Billy and Corry did so. I stood feeling so low as they looked at me in my whore gear of slutty make-up and clothing.
Matt suggested I let them visit the next afternoon or else so in a faint voice I finally said ok. High fives and whoops greeted this. I had to try to control this a little so I added.

"Look if anyone else finds out then there is no point me trying to keep my reputation so the deal will be off. One photograph, one single text or Facebook message and it will spread and I'll know and the whole deal will be off." They were still grinning so I added.

"You want me to have sex with you some more. If it stops you telling another living soul and allows me to keep my job then I'll do it! But remember that's the only reason I'll do it! Just one word, one..."

"Yeah, yeah, yeah! We get it! Keep quiet and you'll let us fuck you! Tell anyone and the deals off. That's fine by me, can't wait to screw you again teach!"  With that they followed after the anxious Matt, leaving me to get to the pub. I could hear their laughter and base comments as they left the building heading to the back fence which I realised was why they'd been there in the first place; using it as a short-cut.

I sat morosely for another ten minutes until Mike came in only seeing me untied and looking distraught he raced to me. I was pissed at him, but knew it wasn't really his fault yet that didn't stop me shouting at him and even giving him a good slap. I then cried a little telling him the whole story. We went home and I showered before getting a stiff drink.

Of course they sent us a whole bunch of pictures too, from their mobiles that evening with little comments under each. I'd not mentioned there had actually been six of them to Mike intimating that a couple of boys from school had used me against my will. Somehow it seemed worse to tell him that.

Mike and I sat quietly for some time then in a rather defensive voice I stated that I really had little choice so it was probably best if I met with Billy and tried to reason with him. Mike looked at me then simply stated that the boy would want to fuck me the next time I saw him whatever and that given the photos I was in trouble!

I cried then, this time real tears of fear and hopelessness as I knew I was destined to let these boys have me again. I needed to get out of this fix somehow but it seemed impossible however with that in mind I prepared to deal with them the next week.

It was just as I knew it would be. They turned up around four then ignored my pleas to talk to but got me to strip completely then blow them while on my knees as they sat around chatting. I suppose I could have refused or tried to make some bargain about what I did and didn't do but frankly I was at their mercy.

Finally I was taken to my bedroom and the five of them (Sam wasn't around) took me, this time they were all in control of their emotions so it lasted for well over an hour and a half and only Matt (again) had a swift ejaculation.

They were insatiable teenagers which meant they returned every day for probably three weeks sometimes with Sam sometimes without. I have to confess here that over time I fell into a routine of sex with them and given my nature (having spent several years dressing for sex and being very submissive) at times I enjoyed it a little.

After that initial rush of sex we compromised and I allowed them to visit in ones or twos, discreetly and things sort of took on a life of their own. Two of them actually stopped after a month or so but the others happily continued on through the year and even after they left the school.

Mike was now used to me having sex all the time and on the odd occasion he still made love to me found me rather sloppy (his term not mine). The boys liked being risky and I was soon doing similar bondage scenes with them including one day when they trussed me up to a tree and four took me then left me there for nearly an hour. Actually I was really pissed about this but they just laughed and told me I was their slut to do what they wanted.

Most of the time however I enjoyed the sex; now I wasn't a complete slut with them or anything and still kept asking them to end this but I did climax fairly often and while I tried to hide this they knew I was far more willing than I should have been.

I suppose I always knew things would end really badly and so it proved: One Saturday evening the guys drove me to a pub then after a few drinks I was led down a field and they trussed me over a gate. It wasn't the first time it had happened but we'd never been out in the `wilds' like we were that day.

They then banged me for about thirty minutes before returning to the pub leaving me there and I knew I'd be waiting for at least another round of drinks before they returned to `play with me' again.

As had become normal I had slipped on another of my tee-shirts, this one printed up for me by the guys which stated; fuck me please all over it. It was maybe ten minutes later when a car stopped nearby and out stepped two men who took one look at me then came over. What could I say?

I thought at first they were freeing me because they untied me but actually they had other ideas. I tried to protest when they dragged me to their vehicle but received a punch in the stomach.

They tied me up again and threw me in the boot then I endured a journey of possibly an hour or more before being pulled out battered and bruised. The men were both in their fifties and just looking at them made me shudder. They had that look of people who you didn't want to know, nerdy but perverted.

Now I was thrown in the shower (still with my hand tied but now naked except the tee-shirt) then after scrubbing me clean then began to mess with me. I don't mean by trying to excite my body quite the opposite. 

They gagged me, strapped me to a table then began to hurt me. The first thing they did was pierce my nipples with a red hot skewer. They then stuck key-rings though them before turning to my labia. I more or less passed out when they put four more down there.

After that they both had sex with me one of them whispering that if I wanted to stay alive for any length of time I had to be really good to them. I slept badly and in pain that night but the next day I was forced (after sex) to let them take a load of pictures of me playing with myself.

That afternoon I had sex with them again, sucked them off and played with myself to order and was told not to utter a word when they finally took my gag out.  That night one of the men produced a bottle of hair dye and I went from a brunette to a blond. They then got me to dress up for them in a short dress (that was actually too big for me) and put on more make-up before they took more pictures of me with more objects.

I spent then night chained by my neck to a hook in the kitchen and then after being fed and allowed to go to the toilet I was then pushed into a small cupboard where I remained for the rest of the day with nothing but a bottle of water and a bucket for me to pee in.

This was more or less repeated for the next four days only I was forced to use more and more extreme items on myself to get them exited including a very large bottle which really hurt me.

They were visited by two other men after this and the real torture began. I was taken on all fours then spanked hard before being tied down to the kitchen table and my head held as they took turns peeing over my face. I was then ordered to suck them all only the third one (a really horrible fat guy) actually waited until his cock was by my open mouth them he peed into it.

I was forced to lick their vile arses (I was sick during this) before they gagged me again and used the hot skewer on me, piercing my clitoris, nose and tongue. I did pass out at this point only to wake in agony; I now had a huge triangle of metal in my clitoral hood, a large stud in my nose but far worse was the huge nut and bolt they'd forced through my tongue. It was so big I found it hard to keep my mouth closed and I couldn't talk properly as it weighed my tongue down. They thought this very funny. 

All the following day, when they demanded, I would beg then for food and sex. It was a day of humiliating sex, water-sports and self abuse with more large objects until the two awful guys left. Locking me back in my cupboard the men went off, to work I suppose only to return and abuse me more each night.

I was cold all the time as I'd been unclothed for a long time only I was too frightened to tell them. A few days later (I realise now that this must have been the Friday two weeks after I was abducted) a man turned up and after having sex with me he got out some tools and I thought I was going to die. I cried and pleaded with them so they simply forced the gag in my mouth and I was strapped down once more.

The man then began to work between my legs and I realised he was removing my hair by electrolysis only it didn't stop there. My eyebrows went next and then he shaved my head and began to work on that for about two hours. I was released and told to show `Ralph' how good I was with the stapler which I was handed (it was a large desk one) and I proceeded to use it on myself until they got me to stop and suck them off, each in turn.

The next day they guy did more work on my sex and top of my head then he replaced my key-rings with some very large curtain rings that he'd obviously altered himself. I was taken to stand in front of a mirror and looked at what was left of me. The burns had calmed down but the rings look grotesque, they were so large plus with no hair I looked like a stranger.

For the next several weeks I was taken and abused by the two men and various friends. The man returned several times to remove my hair until I had no more growing. Then they invited this very fat tattooist over and he began to draw on me. The work was crude, quickly done but so blatant I was going to be ruined forever.

Fuck pig was written above my sex, slut appeared twice around each ankle and worse he wrote fuck me please, mirroring the tee-shirt they'd found me in, was written on the back of my bald head.

I'm not good at recalling a lot after that because it was just the same week after week. The men shared me with a lot of other perverts and I did most everything. There was one week however after some time that is burned into my brain when the got a lot of people together and introduced me to a series of dogs.

It was terrible as most of them took no time at all climbing on me and filling me. I can't tell how many but it was more than four. After that day they seemed to enjoy putting me with larger and larger dogs until I had a very bad experience with a German Sheppard which instead of fucking me bit me several times.

Then quite suddenly it ended. One day I was washing after sex with one of them and the door opened and in walked a man in a suit. He looked me up and down as the other stood by then said ok and that was it.

I think they sold me but I will never know. The bonus was the removal of the rings and the horrible bolt and I was then put to work in a brothel. I got to wear clothes again and wigs that covered my bald head and tattoo. It was a cheap place and the men who used me were grim but at least I wasn't tortured every week. What's more the owner was good to me and treated me with a good deal of respect.

After a very long time the place was raided and I was taken away. It took several interviews to convince the police I was Mrs Cherry Corby the presumed dead wife of Mike Corby. They seemed to doubt that I was an unwilling recruit especially as all the other women in the brothel told the police they thought I was there by choice. I guess it seemed that way to them as I was always willing to do whatever I was asked and never showed the slightest interest in getting out.

Finally I got to see Mike again only he had a new fiance and despite his relief at seeing me alive it was clear he wanted little to do with a woman who had been a prostitute for almost two years and according to the police had been very happy in my new profession.

So there I was ruined and a wreck of a woman however after a few days I went back to the brothel and found it open so simply moved back in. Tony was happy for me to return and I've been there for the past three years. I get a share of my takings now and have enough saved for when I stop doing this although frankly I'm happy with it and although I pretend to be the complete professional I get off most nights.
