Twelve Years Later

Chapter One

My sister, Ashley, and I got together for the first time at the local zoo. She made arrangements for us to be locked in so I could take pictures of her and the animals. She got into some interesting poses, and started losing her clothes. Then I got into the pictures. I was studying photography and engineering. I stuck with taking pictures. That was twelve years ago.

I have a very successful photo shop now. I do everything from developing rolls of film, to weddings and birthdays. I also do an occasional bar mitzvah or bat mitzvah. My specialty, though, is nudes. You wouldn't believe how many nude weddings I've done. That doesn't even count all the other stuff.

Today, we have two wonderful children. Alan is eleven, and Tina is ten. For some reason, we didn't have anymore. It wasn't for not trying or using anything either. We moved out of Mom and Dad's house the year Alan was born because Ashley wanted to live a nudist lifestyle, and Mom and Dad didn't. Well, Dad didn't.

"You know our son is becoming a man, don't you?" Ashley asked me one night.

"I know he's eleven. Is that the age we become men?"

"I don't know. I do know that he wakes up with a pee hard every morning now."

"And you stand where you can watch him going into the bathroom, right?"

"Not always. What's the matter? Are you jealous?" She slid her hand under the sheet and grabbed my dick. "This is the only one that will ever be in my pussy. I don't go in for younger men anyway."

"Speaking of which, do you realize that it has been about seven years since I've taken a bath with Tina."

"Sounds about right. You quit that right after she grabbed your dick and wouldn't let go." She laughed. "I can't help it, That was so funny. I wish I'd had a camera just to get the expression on your face."

"How about the time Alan bit down on your nipple? Even he didn't know why he did it."

"Yeah. He was...what, five. He'd been weaned for almost two years. He just walked up and chomped down."

"There were so many things. I wish there was some way to photograph them when they happen."

"The best parts are in our minds. Nobody can delete that."

I kept an eye on Alan for the next few weeks. Ashley and I never hid anything from our children. That included sex. Although we never had intercourse in front of them, we did other things. Most of the time it was while we were watching TV. She and I will cuddle on the couch, and eventually start playing. 

Tina has always lain on the floor in front of us. Her thighs are always together, and her calves are bent and against the couch. Here lately, I've noticed something about her. Like her mother, when she lays like that, her little pussy lips protrude upward, between her thighs. I don't remember if they always were like that, or if it's something that is developing on her.

"You're getting hard looking at your daughter, aren't you?" Ashley whispered. 

"No... I was just..."

"Don't lie to me."

"It's just that I just noticed her little lips protruding. Yours do the same thing."

"And that excites you."

"Well..."

She slid her hand over and slid it onto my dick, then started sliding it up and down the shaft. I happen to look over at Adam, and he had his hand on his dick. He was also looking at his mother's ass. I'm sure he could see her lips too.

"You have an audience too." 

"Let him look. There isn't anything there that he hasn't already seen."

"Now he's looking at Tina. Now at you. Now at... He's looking at both of you and jacking off."

"As long as we don't have to clean up the mess."

"He'd better clean it himself."

"I have an idea," she said.

"Oh no. I know what happens when you get that look on your face. Spill it."

"Hold on a minute." She got down and whispered something to our daughter. She made sure her ass was pointed toward Alan. Tina nodded, then Ashley came back up and got back into the same position. "Ok. Let's see how we're going to do this."

She started sliding her hand on my dick again, then told me to get my feet off the couch and put them on either side of Tina. Then she told me to slide my ass to the edge of the cushion. 

"What are you trying to do?" I whispered.

"Something that our daughter agreed on. Shut up and relax."

I had been slouched back on the couch, but I sat up. Ashley had my dick pointed right at Tina's little ass. I knew what was going to happen then. Sure enough, about ten minutes later, I decorated my daughter's ass, legs and back. Most of it went on those pouty lips though.

"I told you that she made you horny," Ashley said.

"Now it's Alan's turn," Tina said, as she turned just her head. "I want him closer though."

Ashley grabbed Alan's hand and pulled him over to us. I moved to one side, then Alan knelt over his sister, with a knee on both sides of her thighs. She had to move forward a little, then his dick lay right on her ass. 

Without any prompting, he started moving his dick around on her ass. He moved back a little, then started rubbing it on her pussy lips.

"That feels good," she said. 

"You're telling me?"

"Here," Ashley said, as she knelt at Tina's head. She reached down and pulled Tina's pussy lips apart. "This might help."

Alan moved so his dick slid through his sister's lips. I think he went all the way to her clit because she jumped as he stopped, then pulled back. That's when he started jacking himself off, keeping the head of his dick at about where her hole is. 

"Mommy...I feel..." Tina said.

"It's ok, baby. Just go with it."

Alan only lasted another five minutes or so. His hand was moving faster, and his sister's ass was bouncing with his strokes. Suddenly, she lifted her ass up and he fell forward. I couldn't see his dick go into her, but we all heard her scream. He held it right there for a few minutes, then started moving again. After a few minutes, he stopped, then lay on her.

"Mom said it would hurt. It did, but it's ok now."

"I didn't want to hurt you, sis."

"That's ok. It will be ok from now on."

"From now on?" he asked.

"Sure. Why not? The next thing you have to do is eat my pussy."

"You'll have to get cleaned up before I do that."

"Ok. Let's go take a shower, then come back and you can do it."

"Ok."

They got up and left. I sat back on the couch, then Ashley came up and sat right down on my dick. She pressed her body into mine, then kissed me.

"You may have to teach him how to do that." she said.

"I could do show and tell on you."

"No. You can do show and tell on her, then I can do it on him. Our daughter has to see how to please her man, doesn't she."

"So, we're going to be a house of incest, right?"

"As of a few minutes ago, we already are. There's just a few wrinkles we have to work out."

She started sliding up and down on my dick. She was the only one that hadn't climaxed yet, but she was making up for it. She had three climaxes before I finally let go. About that time, we heard the kids screaming in the shower. When we stopped, we started laughing.

The kids took about another half hour. Ashley told them what she had planned, so Tina sat on the couch. I knelt in front of her and spread her little lips for Alan to see. 

"That is her clit. That is the spot that makes her really happy." I leaned in and licked her once, and she jumped. "If you want to make her really happy, cover her mound with your mouth like this."

I covered as much of her mound as I could, which was almost all of it. I started swiping at her clit, then had mo tongue all over the place. I backed off and she groaned.

"Ok. You try it."

Alan got in front of his sister, then leaned in. He stuck out his tongue and licked her a few times. He backed off, swirled his tongue in his mouth, then dove right in. I didn't have to teach him anymore. Within about ten minutes, he had her climbing all over that couch. She finally clamped her legs on his head, arched her body backward, then screamed. I forgot to tell him to take a breath just before she went off. By the time she let him go, he was showing signs of turning blue.

Then it was Alan's turn. He sat where his sister had been, then she and Ashley knelt in front of him. Ashley slid her hand down his shaft and he gasped.

"As hard as this thing gets, it is still sensitive at times. As you stroke him, slide your other hand over his balls." She moved her hand and sucked herself all the way down his shaft, then back and off. "You won't be able to get it all in, but you have time. Let's see what you can do. Oh. Curl your lips so you don't scrape his dick with your teeth."

Tina did exactly what her mother told her to do. Pretty soon, she was bobbing up and down like her mother does with me. It only took him about five minutes.

"You don't have to..." She got a big smile on her face. "...swallow it."

She waited until Alan settled down, then crossed her arms.

"How long have you two been doing this?"

"About...three months," Tina said.

"And you just now went all the way?"

"She wanted you to lick her too," Alan said. "You know I wanted Mom to give me head."

"You little devils." I punched at him, but came up short. He knew I was joking about that punch.

--------------------

As it turned out, Alan is now sleeping with his sister. All we hear, for the first few hours every night, is them making love. Of course, as if we needed it, that gets us going. For the last two days, they even go at it anywhere they want to.

"Were we like that then?" I asked Ashley.

"You don't remember me being a nymphomaniac?"

"Oh yeah. I'm sure the elephants remember that too."