TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright  MAY 2008 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.  This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(Cuckold, M+/F, MM, MF, FemDom, MDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE


	I call myself the Collector.  I live in Phantomville.  You readers know of this little town through the author C.D.E.

	And in this very interesting city, I find out things.  I look for things.  I listen for information.  I capture and collect facts and tidbits of knowledge of all sorts.

	I have been a cable guy, a pool guy, a home repairman, you name it, I've been all those things.  That's how I've gotten into many homes and businesses. It really has helped me with my information voyeurism collection.

	What you are about to read is a story I've pieced together from bits and pieces of data and gossip and eavesdropping I've gathered from listening and video bugs I've placed all over my fair city.  Yes, you see, I see and hear many things through the marvels of electronics.

	For this tale you are about to read, I have enlisted the aid of C.D.E. to put the final touches on this intriguing tale and to bring it to your attention.  For I wish to remain in the background and do what I do best.  That is, to remain anonymous so as to feed my little voyeuristic hobby.  Who knows what future tales might result from me, the Collector.




Title:  The Phantomville Collector:Vol 6: The Story of Herman & Helen 
By C.D.E. & The Phantomville Collector	

CAST:
Herman - Husband
Helen - Herman's wife
Helen's dad - Mr. Jackson
Dr. Judy - Relationship Counselor



CHAPTER: 1  E-mail to Dr. Judy From Herman  


	Dr. Judy, 

	As you requested, I'm writing you to let you know that after pondering over your advice, I have come to see the merit of your points.  Yes, I do love Helen very much, and despite that I'm having to be humiliated by sharing her with other men, as you said and I had already concluded, I really don't have much of a choice if I want to keep her and be in her life.

	Her suggestion that it's nothing wrong for me to continue performing oral sex on her semen drenched pussy - since I was doing her that way when I didn't know it was cum in her cunt before	- does have some merit, especially since I have found the taste rather flavorful these last few months.  As you know I thought it was just her natural juices.

	However, as you have now told me, I should just accept that there will be other men, her "studs" in our marriage.

	Also, in regard to the situation of my relationship with Helen's dad, I thought I should share the following note I got from one of her dad's friend - his name is Ted Jason.

	Here is Ted's note in its entirety:

	Dear Herman Honey,

	Just a note to let you know how much I enjoyed the GREAT Head you gave me a week ago.  It was fantastic!  I've never had my dick sucked by a guy before, but I'm telling you, you were better than any gal that has wrapped her lips around my cock.

	You were great on my nuts too!  I've never had my balls lapped and licked and suckled the way you attended to them.

	No gal that has even done me has ever done such a thorough job as you did of mouthing my balls.  Most made a hit or miss lick at them, but nothing like the DELUXE job you did on them.  THANK YOU! THANK YOU!

	It was most gratifying talking with you too as we rested between your juicy mouth sessions on my manhood.

	And Herman, Helen's dad is so right, you really do have a talent for sucking out and swallowing cum.  I mean you got every drop, both time I shot my loads.  And I can't say it enough, fucking your mouth was one of the most pleasurable things I've even done.

	Sweetie, You have quite a good pussy between your lips. And by the way, I hope you've gotten over us guys calling you sweet names.  But you are soft and sweet like a woman, so you deserve to be given the same credit as one.  I say give credit where credits due and you should not be ashamed to accept it honey.

	Anyway, when Jackson told me I didn't have to worry about ramming my dick deep down your throat or to worry about choking you cause when I came deep in the back of your throat, I thought he was kidding me.  But as I gradually starting fucking you harder and faster and you accommodated me at every thrust, I couldn't believe how right he was.  The proof came when I had to let loose and literally flooded your tonsils with my hot slimy load.  And I was totally impressed how you held still until I completely ejaculated.

	I have to say, I think you enjoyed eating my load as much as I enjoyed giving it.  	I say that because of the way you were smacking your lips and after I pulled out.

	It was obvious to me, that you don't have a problem with the lingering after taste  of jism in your mouth, because you were in no hurry to wash down my gluey slimy loads.

	Like I told you, you made me feel really good about the way you respected my jism.  You thanked me for the honor of tasting and swallowing it as well as for the honor of sucking my dick.  I know you later told me that Jackson demanded that of you, but I have to tell you, you really sounded sincere.

	And that brings me to my next point Herman.  By the way I was glad you opened up to me and confided that you were not totally comfortable the way Jackson has been offering you to his friends and buddies.  But the truth of the matter is Herman, you are so good at what you do.  Simply put, you really suck dick good. it would be a travesty to nature for you not to make your talents available to other horny men with throbbing hard dicks who just want or need a good quickie, or who don't have the time or money to play games with some gal.

	And I understand about you feeling a bit upset about the roughshod way Jackson broke you into being his cocksucker, but as you admitted, you were already quite a wussy guy anyway.  That is by agreeing to commit to sucking Helen's frequently fucked cunt clean of her studs' semen, even though she's denied you from day one - what was it, you've been doing this for 4 months before the wedding and still mouth vacuuming other men's loads out of her sloppy pussy 6 months into your marriage.

	And of course, I won't even address her coming in the marriage 5 months pregnant with some other man's baby, who you accepted as your own.

	I know you love her and did all this because of that.  You've really proved yourself, I can tell you that.

	But as you basically implied, you realize a real man wouldn't do what you did and do to prove their love to a woman, but you know you don't have the same equipment as her real men, so you make do the best you can.

	Well back to Jackson and what he did for you - yes for you, not to you. You see he just built on what you were already comfortable with.  You're obviously use to having your tongue being soaked in other men's semen and your face inundated and smeared with with dick scum  RIGHT?

	So what's the difference with having your mouth on a dick, since you spend so much time with it where many dicks have been?  And of course the common denominator in the jism, except you get it straight and pure from sucking on spurting dicks.
	Herman, as I told you, we both know you're not a fag, so forget that.  You don't have to be a faggot to enjoy a dick and what comes out of it.

	And by the way, I think Jackson is right, I think it would be absolutely fitting for you to become fuckable.  I know I would love to fuck you like you were a woman.  You are sort of soft and girlish anyway.

	Don't fight what Jackson has planned for you.  You know you like dicks and I see dicks as being good for you too.  Plus, even Helen said the same thing at the dinner table - remember?  Right out in front of everyone, both yours and hers.

	So there you go Herman, she doesn't mind you being dicked in your mouth or up your ass - I heard her say so.  She said she won't think any less of you either.

	In fact she thinks it's so wonderful that her dad - Jackson - has gotten you broke into you into being his bitch boy toy and is fully supportive of you becoming his sissy whore.  And with the baby on the way, both families - both yours and hers, all seem to think the extra money would be good to have coming in.

	Also Herman your mother is so delightful.  I loved hearing her tell how she supervised you pulling your little peter as part of her fluid release therapy to keep you from getting girls in trouble and to keep you focused on your school work.  You were lucky to have a mom that taught you how to jack off so well.  It will serve you well now that Helen will also require that of you when she is too busy with her other men to give you some.  I can tell she really adores supervising you beating your meat and seeing  you coming in your hand.  And she's right Herman, when you get off, there is nothing wrong with you eating your own sponk.  Like she said, you eat everybody else's cum, why not your own when you jerk off for her?
	Well anyway. back to the subject I was on. Herman, it's a win-win situation.  Plus you even said that your counselor, er, what's her name, oh yeah, Dr. Judy, was fully encouraging of you "delving into and becoming a cock whore".  I believe those were the words you said she used. 


HERMAN'S REPLY BACK TO TED


	Mr. Jason, thanks so much for your letter.  It made me feel so much better to have gotten your insight.  And thank you so much for all your compliments.  I guess the truth of the matter is that I have grown fond of sucking dicks and swallowing men's hot creamy ejaculate.
	
	Another thing I must thank you for all your advice.  That is that if I'm asked if I'm a faggot, I should say no, but that "I will do the same things a faggot does if you want me to", is a good answer to reply.  Thanks again.

	And you're right, I've come to realize that being manhandled by Helen's dad was not all that out of line.  After all, he's a "real" man and as is clearly known, I'm a wuss with a capital W, that is a wimp and pussy whipped, therefore if anyone was out of line it was me for not submitting willingly to help out with his hard dick.

	And thank you so much for your compliments about my being good as a cunt. I'm still a bit embarrassed, but your words do make me feel special about being good at cocksucking.

	And you were correct, I really don't mind my gums and tongue being coated with semen for long period of time.

	And about you coming deep in my throat,Helen's dad, Mr. Jackson trained me to do that.  And I've come to realize you real men have needs, that is to have as much of your big dicks in a cocksucker's mouth when you ejaculate and it's up to us wussy cocksuckers to accommodate you men, and of course not fail you when you need us the most.  So thank you so much for letting me know I didn't fail you and that I was a good cocksucker for you.

	And before I forget, remember Helen wanting to flagellate me with whipping kit Dr. Judy gave her - it had a whippy cane, a riding crop and an extension cord in it.  Well, she has tried it out on me twice - really left my back side blue and bruised each time.  However, she said she really felt so much less stressed after thoroughly whipping me on my naked ass.

	As I said it was quite painful, but just knowing it did her good and eased her stressed makes it all worthwhile to me.

	Also, as far as men having penetrating intercourse, I finally took everyone's advice and got fucked.  It was very delightful to lay back and be humped by Helen's dad.  He was the first to do me.  He really enjoyed shagging me and I also enjoyed it very much too.  

	Dr. Judy helped me get trained and prepared with all the necessary dildo training and taught me all about getting prepared for a bout of passive intercourse with a horny man.

	And the douche and lube she has me using is edible and sanitizing.  I say that, because I'm finding that it's not uncommon for me to have to take a cock in my mouth after it's been in my ass pussy.  In fact, since my first ass fuck, several guys have worked themselves up to coming by fucking my ass cunt, and then pulled out and made me take their heavy thick load of hot cum down my throat.

	After my initial surprise of them doing that, I have since come to delight in the men doing that to me.  Helen's dad wasn't the first to do that to me, but he has done so many times since.

	Dr. Judy told me that it makes men feel manly as well as far superior to me when they fuck me up my ass.  And secondly to have me suck their dick and drink their loads they've heated up in my ass really boost their manly egos.
	And you know Mr. Jason, it makes me feel good to be their for the men if they need me that way.  It really does. 
 
	It was Dr. Judy that got me to see that I should not feel guilty about or ashamed or feel humiliated about sucking her other men's semen from Helen's well fucked pussy. Incidentally, a pussy that was completely denied to me for intercourse while we were engaged.

	She got me to see that this was necessary and quit acceptable.  And of course since Helen had already tricked me into tasting her cream pies over the previous months of our engagement, it wasn't that difficult to follow Dr. Judy's advice since I was accustomed to the taste of her used pussy anyway, but I just didn't know other men's dicks had been flavoring it.  In other words, I didn't let the fact that many other men were fucking my fiancee and me having to eat their cum, come between the love we had for each other.

	And now that we are married, it has worked out rather well.  I don't let the fact that I'm eating a lot of other men's cum still, or rarely get to put it in my wife get in the way of my love for her, and her's for me.

	And the fact that I'm raising other men's babies as our own, is also something she got me to see was not something to be upset about either.  She also got me to see that when I do get to put it in, Helen requiring me to always wear a condom, when nobody else that fucks her does, is something that I had to accept since it was very important to Helen that I do so, and that it was widely known too.

	I'm telling you all this Mr. Jason to say that Dr. Judy has helped me see that what I've experienced at the hands of Helen and her dad is something I'm well suited for. 	"Herman, subjugation is your strong point.  Being used for others happiness and pleasure is good for your mental well being."  Those were Dr. Judy's words to me and I have to confess that more and more I'm finding out she's right. I'm very happy in my current situation.

	I'm the husband that Helen desires me to be and the sissy whore that her dad has always wanted. 

	And another thing Mr. Jason, I have to tell you, taking cock like a woman has really made a different person out of me. I delight in the attention that the guys pay to me because I'm a cock and sperm taker. And in addition, I find it so thrilling for men to ask me for some pussy.

	And oh, by the way, of course you can fuck me the next time you pass through. I would love to have you hump me with your handsome dick and honor me by shooting off deep in my ass-pussy.  I'm just thrilled that you want to fuck me.

Herman

COLLECTOR'S EPILOGUE:

	Well readers, that completes another brief glimpse into the affairs of some of the folks of in the  fair city of Phantomville.

	Be on the look out for future episodes from me, the Phantomville Collector.