One morning a week later I awoke to the feel of my bed moving. I jerked awake and immediately sat up. Noticing that Sookie was on my bed jumping up and down, like a seven year old, I laughed.

Seeing that I was now awake Sookie plopped down on the bed out of breath, sitting Indian style. Trying to catch her breath she smiled, "It's been forever since I last did that."

"You know, you're lucky you're you and not someone else, cause' if you were someone else I would have punched you in your face by now," I told her in all honesty.

She smirked, "Yeah, I know, You're always grumpy and violent when someone wakes you up before you're ready."

Yawning and rubbing my eyes, I glanced over at the clock. When I saw what time it was my jaw dropped, literally. "Sookie! It's only 9:45!" I exclaimed.

"I know, but we have to be at work in less than an hour," she informed me.

Annoyed, I asked, while throwing my self back down on the bed, "Are you serious?"

She nodded.

It was only now that I realized she was already wearing her uniform. At least she had the decency to get ready before waking me up. Against my will Sookie stood up, grabbing a hold of my arm, pulling me up with her. I threw the covers back, not wanting them to fall on the floor, just as my feet hit the floor.

"Now get dressed, fix your hair, and let's get going!" Sookie ordered. "We don't want to be late," she added, leaving the room so that I could have my privacy.

Once she closed the door behind her, all I wanted to do was crawl back in bed and go back to sleep, but I did have to be work in less than an hour. Ugh! Well, I can tell you one thing…lack of sleep is sure to be a bitch to me today.

Grabbing a random pair of shorts and a shirt, I sleepily changed. Not even caring truly what I looked like, I put my hair up in a messy bun and applied light makeup. Then I put on my jewelry, grabbed my purse, slipped into my shoes, and I was out the door and down the stairs in seconds.

At the bottom of the stairs I was met by a giddy Sookie, I eyed her strangely. She noticed me looking at her and smiled.

"Are you ready to go?" she asked.

Raising an eyebrow, I questioned, "Are you high right now?"

She giggled, "No, why would you think that?"

"Because you're acting like you are."

"No, I'm not high, Selena! It's just that it's been so long since I had to wait on someone," she confessed. "You know what I mean?"

"Kind of, sort of."

There was an awkward silence.

"Well, anyways, let's go," Sookie said breaking the silence as she threw open the front door and exited the house.

--------

"Selena, where's your uniform?" Sam asked as soon as I entered Merlotte's.

"At home," I answered, heading towards the office. "I only wear my uniform one day a week remember? Preferably, Monday."

"Alright then. Where's the Merlotte's pin that you normally pin to your shirt when you're working?" he asked following me into the office.

Placing my purse on the shelf I looked at him and shrugged, "I must of forgotten it."

"Selena, I have no problem with you not wearing your uniform just as long as you at least have the pin. Got it?"

I nodded, "I'll be sure to remember it next time."

"I'll let it slide just this once since you've only been back for a little over a week," he said.

I chuckled, "You'd let it slide any day."

He was silent for a second before replying, "For you yes."

I smiled briefly exiting the office. "Still no Lafayette?" I asked, stopping to talk to Terry for a quick second.

He sighed frustrated, "No."

"It just doesn't make any sense. It's not like Lafayette to just disappear and not at least contact somebody," I said just as my mind went hazy and started spinning. All I remember is spinning and then hitting the floor.

When I stopped spinning I was shocked to find that I was in a dark room. If you could even call it a room. It was musty and it reeked in death. Looking down on the ground I was proven right. There was blood and guts everywhere.

"Ew! Gross!" I exclaimed, instantly standing up. I looked down at my clothes and almost threw up. Now I was covered in blood that I had no idea who it belonged to. Where the hell and what the hell am I here for?"

All of a sudden I heard someone faintly call my name, "Selena?"

My eyes widened, I recognized that voice right away. "Lafayette!" I exclaimed quietly. I had no idea where I was and didn't want to jeopardize someone hearing me and coming down. By now I figured that I was in a basement. It's the only place that could possibly look and smell this bad.

"Lafayette!" I called out again, following where his voice was coming from. "Oh my lord!" I almost fainted at the sigh of him. Poor Lafayette! He was covered in blood and…fang marks? God only knew how long he'd been here.

"What the hell happened to you? Where are we?" I bombarded him with questions.

"I…I got…mixed up in something…that I shouldn't have. We're in the basement of some vampire bar," he choked out.

My blood began to boil at once. "Eric!" I hissed, quietly, through clenched teeth. Oh, how I want to kill him right now. Kneeling down next to Lafayette, I assured him, "Everything's going to be okay."

"I just want to go home, Selena," he managed on the verge of tears.

"I know…I know. And you'll be home soon enough," I comforted.

"I should of never gotten involved in the first place," Lafayette mumbled,

"Involved in what?" I asked, clueless.

Before he could answer, I heard faint voices calling my name, "Selena!" I immediately got the feeling that someone was shaking me.

"Oh, come one! Not yet!" I called out, knowing that it wouldn't make a difference anyways.

"Selena!" the voices came again.

I shook my head, standing up, "Alright, Lafayette, now that I know where you're at, I'm going to go. I'll be back later today to get you out of here. I promise you," I said, sympathetically.

"Please, hurry!" he begged.

I nodded just as the spinning from earlier returned and I hit the floor.

When I came back to and opened my eyes, I was met by everyone's scared and concerned faces. I blinked a couple of times trying to regain what was left of my composure after what I had just learned and slowly sat up.

I looked around until I came eye to eye with Sookie. She had a knowing look in her eyes and she knew what had just happened.

I stood up and my attention went straight to Sam, "I need the rest of today and to-night off."

He nodded without question.

Turning on my heel I retreated to the office to obtain my purse. Sookie followed. Once we were both in the office she closed the door and locked it.

"You had one of your teleporting outer body experience things, didn't you?" she asked me.

I nodded. Teleporting outer body experience or even teleporting dream is what I personally call my ability. If something bad happens or something goes wrong with some-one I know, even someone I just met, my body will shut itself down and force me to go wherever it wants me to. It's sort of like a vision except you have an outer body experi-ence and teleport yourself into your vision. It probably doesn't make any sense, but then again chances are that until it happens to you, you'll probably never understand it.

"Where'd you go? Who'd you see? Is everything okay?" Sookie bombarded me with questions.

"Eric's holding Lafayette in the basement of Fangtasia," I answered angrily.

Sookie's eyes widened. "WHAT?" she asked, sharing my anger with me.

"I promised Lafayette that I'd be back later to get him our of that hell hole he's being kept in."

"Well, I'm going with you, then."

"I was planning on going home and changing into something a little less revealing and then heading over to Fangtasia and waiting there until sun down. I want to rescue Lafayette and get the hell out of there as fast as possible," I filled her in on my plan that took less than 30 seconds to come up with.

Sookie nodded her head in agreement. "I'm on board with it."

I grabbed my purse as Sookie unlocked the door opening it as we walked out.

"Sam! I'm going to need to take off, also," Sookie told him taking off her servers apron and placing it on the apron hanger.

"You can't take off! We only have you and two other waitresses working," Sam said.

"Call Arlene and tell her to come in," Sookie suggested.

"Lisa and Coby have the cold," Sam said.

"Well, then I guess you're screwed because I'm taking off and that's final!" Sookie laid down the law as we headed outside.

--------

I got home and wasted no time in running inside and changing into a pair of jeans, ugg boots, and a worded tee shirt. Jewelry and a purse and a touch of makeup were a given. Sookie wasn't far behind me. She and I were dressed and ready to go in a matter of 10 minutes.

All I could think about was how god only knew what Lafayette had been through in however long he's been stuck in that disgusting, sick basement. I couldn't imagine being in his position right now. I would of probably either died from a panic attack of killed myself by now if I were him.

"Alright, I'm ready to go," Sookie said, tightening her ponytail, as she made her way down the stairs, meeting me in the foyer.

"I just can't believe it. What the hell is so bad that Eric had to lock Lafayette in that filthy, disgusting basement and torture him," I spat.

Sookie scoffed, "Knowing Eric, it was probably just something he did for fun."

I clenched my fist, "He better have a really good reason for it."

Sookie nodded in agreement.

--------

After having to stop for gas and stopping to get one of my tires pumped, of course knowing my luck that would happen, we arrived at Fangtasia around 4:00ish. We still had a few hours to go before the sun went down.

Luckily, for Sookie and I, Ginger, the barmaid or whoever the hell she is arrived when we did. Now we no longer had to break in like we had originally planned to. No law breaking, thank god!

"Ginger!" Sookie called getting out of the car.

Ginger stopped what she was doing and turned around with a smile, "Ms. Stackhouse! Good afternoon!"

"Afternoon to you, too! Ginger I'd like you to meet my cousin, Selena. Selena, Ginger! Ginger, Selena!" she introduced us.

"Selena? What a pretty name!" she complimented, nicely.

I smiled, "Well, thank you!" For the second time since I arrived back in Bon Temps, I got my name complimented on. Well, aren't I lucky to have my name.

"So, what brings you two here?"

"We have really important business to discuss with Eric. So, we wanted to be here when he arrives," Sookie explained.

"Do you mind if we come in with you?" I questioned, flashing her a fake, sweet, innocent smile.

She was silent and deep in thought for a moment before saying, "Umm…I'm not sure if he'd like that very much."

"I assure you he'll be fine with it, Ginger. He won't be mad at you," I half lied and half told the truth. I honestly had no idea how he'd react to her letting us in.

She shook her head, "I'm sorry."

I sighed. She was going to make this harder on all of us. I certainly wasn't going to beg her to let us in. Therefore, I stepped to the side and allowed Sookie to take that over.

"Please, Ginger. We're 100% positive he won't be mad at you," Sookie lied.

I looked at her and she looked at me. It was obvious that we were both thinking the same thing. "Please, dear god, let her be stupid enough to believe us."

Ginger sighed, turning back to the door and unlocking it. "Alright, I guess you can come in," she finally gave in.

"Thanks, Ginger," we said following her into the bar.

"Can I get you two a drink or anything?" Ginger asked us.

"No, thank you! We have to be extremely sober tonight," I said, restlessly walking around the bar, checking it out. I didn't get to have a good look at the place last week.

"How come you're here during the day, Ginger. I thought that they didn't require you to come in until night time," Sookie decided to test the boundaries.

Ginger was silent. She obviously didn't want to answer the question. She was proably afraid that she'd allow something to slip. I stopped walking and looked at Sookie. Wordlessly, I urged her to read Ginger's mind. She nodded before concentrating hard.

After a few seconds Sookie exclaimed, "She knows!"

"Ginger…" I started slowly walking over to her, "Where are they holding, Lafayette?" Stopping about eight feet away from her, I said, "Wait! I already know that answer! Better yet, where's the basement at?"

She played it off as if she knew nothing, "I honestly don't know what you're talking about."

I glared at her. "Now is not the time to play stupid, Ginger," I hissed.

"She's contemplating getting the gun that's kept under the cash register!" Sookie exclaimed.

As soon as the words left Sookie's mouth, Ginger made a run for the cash register. Oh, no she didn't! There was no way that I'd make it to the gun before her, since she had a rather big head start and she was closer to the register than I was in the first place, if I were to run at normal speed. I hated to do it, but I had no choice. I took a deep breath and without second thought ran at vampire speed over to the cash register.

I grabbed the gun just as she made her way to the bar. Turning, I wasted no time in pointing it at her.

She gulped.

With her eyes wide she spoke in stutters, "How…How'd you…you were…you ran at…vampire speed….you're not…"

Sookie and I both rolled our eyes.

"Ginger, shut up!" Sookie demanded.

"Take us to the basement now!" I ordered, "And, don't think for a second that I won't shoot you if you give me a reason to."

She swallowed hard, but didn't move a muscle.

I was beginning to get a little too frustrated with her. Sookie sensed it almost instantly. She shook her head no as if to say, "Don't do anything you'll regret later."

Ginger still hadn't moved even an inch.

"NOW!" Sookie and I hissed in unison.

"Alright, okay…just don't shoot me," she said visibly shaken.

I continued to glare at her.

She slowly turned on her heels and led us down into the basement.

"Oh my god! Lafayette!" Sookie exclaimed, running past Ginger and I and over to where Lafayette was sitting with his back up against the wall, knees brought up to his chest, and his head leaning on his knees for support.

He slowly lifted his head from his knees, "Sookie? Is that really you?" he managed to ask.

She nodded, "What have they done to you?"

"Ginger! Do you have the key to get that thing off of his neck?" I asked, lowering the gun down to my side and walking in front of her.

She shook her head side to side quickly and repeatedly, "No, I swear, I don't! Eric's the only one with the key," she quivered. I could tell by the way that her bottom lip trembled that she was telling the truth.

"Don't you move a muscle or I will shoot," I warned, "Understand?"

She nodded frantically.

"Good!" I fake smiled before joining Sookie on the disgusting, blood and gut, covered floor next to Lafayette.

He looked at me and smiled as much as he could muster, "Selena, you came back."

I smiled in return, "I promised you I would."

"Unfortunately, we have to wait until Eric gets here before we can get you out of this hell hole," Sookie sighed with a frown.

"Want time does Eric normally get here?" I asked Ginger.

She was hesitant to answer, but once she allowed herself to look down at the gun she gave in, "About 8 o'clock."

"What time is it now?"

Sookie looked at her watch, "4:45."

"Good. It'll give us enough time to plan on how to kill him," I said half joking and half serious.

"Is it 8:00 yet?" I asked, shifting a bit in Eric's throne. Yeah, that's right, I was sitting on his throne I was sitting in his throne. I was kicked back with my legs laying over the right arm. I was quite comfortable, honestly. Well, to a certain extent seeing as if both Sookie and I were sitting on it. It was a bit smug, but we managed.

"It's 7:55," Sookie answered.

I sighed, "This has been one of the longest days ever."

"Tell me about it," Sookie said.

"Are you sure he'll be here at 8:00?" I asked, becoming slightly impatient.

Ginger nodded from where she was sitting on the stripper platform across from us. Of course Eric would have a stripper pole right across from him. What a scum bag.

"He's really good at coming in at the same time each night," Ginger said, looking down at the floor.

"Well, he's got less than four minutes left," Sookie snapped.

"Four minutes for what?" a voice asked as we heard the front door of the bar slam shut.

We all turned our heads towards the door.

"And he comes early for once," I fake smiled as Eric walked our way with Pam trudging along behind him.

"Seeing the both of you sitting on my throne is an extra turn on for me," he smirked. "What do you think, Pam?"

"We can take turns," she answered with a grin.

Sookie and I both rolled our eyes, "What isn't a turn on for you two?"

"Nothing," Pam answered for the both of them.

"So, what do we owe to this pleasure?" Eric asked, slyly.

Sookie and I now looked at each other with serious looks on our faces. Standing up at the same time we looked at Eric. It was all serious business from now on.

"Stay cool," I whispered to Sookie.

She nodded, assuring me that she would.

Sookie was the first to speak, "The pleasure is all yours."

"We're here for strictly business reasons, I guess you could call it. You have something…I mean, someone…that we want back," I informed him.

Eric raised an eyebrow, "Is that so?"

"Yes, it is."

All of a sudden out of nowhere Sookie's voice filled the bar. She had officially lost her cool. "You let Lafayette go now!" she ordered, angrily.

"Great job, staying cool, Sook," I said, laughing a bit. "How about you go sit down and calm down and I'll handle this?"

Only once the words left my mouth did I realize how stupid they were. My temper's far worse than Sookie's ever will be. But, then again I've also had a lot of practice keeping a hold of mine. Unless, of course, the situation at hand calls for it. I have a feeling that this is one of those situations.

Sookie sat down, but continued to glare at Eric.

I walked up to him and stopped a few feet away, "Let him go," I said as nicely as possible. I wouldn't get mad until I actually had to.

"Can't do that," he said."Yes, you can!" I began to argue.

"Your friend traded sexual services in order to obtain vampire blood and sell it. As you may or may not know, that's a grave defense for humans," he explained, gazing at me intensely.

My temper was suddenly like a wild animal wanting out of its cage. "I don't give a damn about that! All I care about is getting Lafayette out of that hell hole! Now let him go!" I hissed.

Eric shook his head, "He's not going anywhere. And yelling at me is only going to turn me on even more than I already am," he smirked, once again finding amusement from my anger.

I ignored his semi perverted comment. "To hell he isn't! Let him go now! Or else…or else I swear I'll call the police," I threatened not even thinking before speaking anymore. "Bad idea, Selena!" I thought to myself.

His smirk turned to a scowl and his fangs popped out. He grabbed me by my upper arm and pulled me closer to him so that he was now towering over me, "I don't respond well to threats," he informed.

I looked up at him and scoffed, "If you haven't noticed by now I don't give a damn what you do and do not respond well to!"

Eric wasn't too happy when I said that. "I'm going to give you 10 seconds to take that back. And, I'm being really generous by giving you any time at all."

"I'm not taking it back," I said looking him dead in his eyes.

Before I knew it I was being slammed into the wall behind me. I hit the wall hard with no mercy. That fucking jackass! I went to move out of the way, but before I could Eric had me pressed up against the wall with my arms pinned above my head.

"Are you sure about that?"

"Oh, I'm beyond sure."

He shook his head and laughed evilly. "You do know that I could easily snap your neck and end you right now, right?"

Alright, so I'll admit that for once in a very long time that I'm a bit scared. But, never would I allow him to know that. "Aww! Is Mr. Vampire sheriff mad because someone actually told him off for once?"

Without warning I suddenly felt my head go sideways and Eric's fangs piercing through the skin on my neck. Surprised by his actions I let out a horrifying scream that I never knew I could manage.

"Oh my god! Selena!" Sookie screamed. I saw her get up and try to make her way over to me, but Pam held her back.

Apparently, me, my big mouth, and my "I'm not scared of anything" attitude had just pissed off the wrong vampire. I underestimated him. And, now I must pay the price for my unbelievable stupidity.