The following is a work of fiction consisting of adult concepts and 
possibly sex.
Do not read if you are not legally permitted. I dont want the police 
on my front doorstep.
You are welcome to read but please dont distribute without my 
permission.
Feel free to make any comments to the author.
Send E-Mail to dalech33@hotmail.com

Twins Part I

I dare you to eat a bug.

Thats how it got started for Stacy and Tracy. The twin girls where 
just five at the time and ever since they had been daring each other 
to do wilder and crazier things. At sixteen they had discovered boys 
and boys had discovered them. Long blonde hair, slim with those 
coltish good looks that teenage girls seem to attain so easily and 
older woman try the rest of their lives to get back. Their dares too 
had taken on a distinctly sexual nature. And that, dear reader, is 
where we come in.


Im bored. Stacy did her best pout for her sister. It was a pout 
she was famous for and it always helped her get her way with her 
parents. Tracy was not moved at all. She knew her sister to well.

So go read a book or something. Which is exactly what Tracy was 
doing. She showed the book to Stacy, hoping it would get her to go do 
something else.
Stacy made a big show of squinting while she read the title.

Schrodinger's Cat. Whats it about?

Quantum physics.

Oh goody. Dibs on reading it after you. She literally dripped 
sarcasm.

Fine. I will keep it all too myself then. The books title was 
indeed from a Quantum Physics theory about a cat in a box. The story 
however was pure porn. Tracy liked to outsmart her sister like this. 
It helped to make up for all the times Stacy had manipulated their 
parents. Tracy was never any good at that. She went back to her story 
while her sister paced about their lounge room.

Dammit, Im bored. I need something to do. She pulled down 
Tracys book and looked her straight in the eye. Give me a dare, 
she teased.

Some other time. I really want to finish this book. Some woman 
was frigging herself with a banana while her brother in law watched. 
It was really getting interesting.

Come on. Im really, really bored. Its a proven medical fact that 
people can die from boredom. You dont want me to die do you?

Well at least I will finally get some peace and quiet.

Pleeeeease!

At that moment Tracy spied someone walking by the house. It was 
Clifford, the school nerd. Her eyes lit up as she saw her opportunity 
to embarrass her sister.

Okay, I have a dare for you. 

Stacy saw the look in her sisters eyes and new straight away this 
was not going to be pretty. She thought briefly about trying to back 
out, but knew that would make her a slave for life to Tracy.

What is it?

I dare you to go outside, get Clifford who is walking by right now, 
and bring him in here.

Is that it? Stacy was overjoyed at how easy this dare was. Her 
joy was to be short lived though.

No thats not all. When you get him in here you have to get him to 
cum. Tracy was trying hard not to laugh out loud. Stacy was going 
to be so embarrassed about this.
Stacys jaw dropped.

No way. I am not going to get that geek to cum. Not a chance.

Okay slave for life. I need a foot massage. Tracy kicked her 
shoes off and waggled her toes at her sister.

Oh god no, anything but that. All right Ill do it. But what about 
Mom and Dad?

They wont be home for hours. You know what mom is like when she 
goes shopping for clothes.

Yeah I guess, are you going to sit there and watch?
 
Oh Ill be watching all right, but Ill do it from in there. She 
pointed to a cupboard with a louvred door. It was almost impossible 
to see in but very easy to see out. Tracy dropped a wink at Stacy as 
she got up and walked towards the cupboard.

I dont know how but you are going to pay for this sis. Stacy 
opened the front door and took off after Clifford.

Tracy opened the cupboard and stepped inside. Closing the door behind 
her she pulled up an old stool from the back of the cupboard and sat 
down. She adjusted the louvres just as she heard Stacy and Clifford 
come in through the front door. 

I dont understand why you wanted me to come in here for Stacy. Why 
wont you tell me what you want? Tracy knew that Cliffords whiney 
voice must have been driving Stacy nuts. She chuckled quietly to 
herself.

I just needed to tell you how hot you are. Stacy gave a sidewards 
glance at the cupboard. Visions of sharp pointy objects danced 
merrily through her head.

Really? Me?

Oh dear god his voice gets even squeakier when hes nervous thought 
Stacy. She could feel a headache coming on. But a dare was a dare so 
she carried on regardless.

Do you think Im hot Cliffy?

Oh yes, very hot. Clifford was blushing under his coke-bottle 
glasses.

Thank you Cliffy. That is so nice of you to say so. She batted 
her eyelashes at him. But do you know what really gets me hot? What 
really turns me on?

No.

I just love it when guys wank for me. It makes me sooo horny.

Really? Clifford swallowed hard. Was this girl actually coming on 
to him?

Oh yes Cliffy. She ran her fingers lightly over his chest. I 
just love it when I see a man stroking himself in front of me. It 
makes me want to throw him to the floor and fuck him. Do you want me 
to do that to you Cliffy?

Umm Ok. He was starting to sweat now. He had never been in this 
sort of situation before.

Stacy leaned close to Clifford and whispered into his ear.

Wank for me Cliffy.

I dont know if I can. I need inspiration.

Stacy felt like screaming at him. What did she have to do to get him 
to wank for Christs sake? She tried her best to remain calm.

Would you like me to talk dirty to you? Would that help?

Yeah it would help a bit.

Okay Cliffy, anything for you. She nearly choked on her words. 
Tracy was going to pay dearly for this. She swore she could hear 
sniggering coming from the cupboard. 

First lets get you out of those clothes. She unbuttoned his shirt 
and slid it off his shoulders. Stacy was surprised to see that he had 
a reasonably good body under that plaid shirt. The nerd must work 
out.

I want to feel your body against mine Cliffy. I want to feel your 
naked flesh on mine. Is this working for you Cliffy? she asked in 
her sexiest voice as she undid his belt.

Oh yes he sighed. He couldnt believe this beautiful young woman 
was doing this to him.

Stacy undid his fly and let his pants slide to the floor. She 
marvelled at the worlds worst boxers underneath. Stacy wondered how 
old they where.

Is this getting you hard Cliffy? Are you ready to do it for me?

Oh god nearly. Could you touch it?

She was going to puke. Swear to god she was going to puke. There was 
no way she was touching it. She would rather be a slave than this. 
Or perhaps not. 
Maybe if she just breathed on it a little it would do the job. After 
all he was the class nerd. He had to be a virgin. By all rights he 
should be creaming his pants right now. She knelt before him and 
grabbed the side of his boxers. With one quick movement she pulled 
them down to his ankles.
She noticed two important things.
First, he was already hard.
Second, he was huge. Absolutely huge. My god he had to be nine inches 
long and at least four inches across.

I think I can do it now Stacy. Wank I mean.

No thats ok, Ill do it for you. She reached forward and took 
him in her hands. She had never seen one this big before. She 
wondered what it would feel like taking one this size as she wrapped 
her fingers around it.

Do you want me to suck it Cliffy?

Oh yes please. He looked down at her as she licked around the 
head, making it moist.

Mm tastes nice. Stacy wrapped her lips around his cock and slowly 
slid it into her mouth. She moved her head down slowly till the tip 
of his cock pressed against the back of her throat. It was hardly 
half way in. She moved her position slightly so that Tracy could see 
what was going on. Stacy knew that Tracy loved a big cock and she 
hoped she was turning green with envy. She started to suck a bit 
harder as she moved her head up his shaft, then pushed down further 
than before. She was determined to get it all in. She took a breath 
and then eased it down her throat. Further and further it slid in 
until at last her nose pressed into his pubic hair. She pulled back 
all the way to the top and started to bob her head up and down his 
shaft in quick, bird-like movements.

Oh god Im going to cum, groaned Clifford, his neck muscles 
standing out as he strained to keep control.

Dont you dare, cried Stacy as she released him. You have to 
fuck me first.


Tracy could not believe what was going on in front of her. This was 
not the way it was supposed to go. It was supposed to be embarrassing 
for her sister. She wasnt supposed to get fucked by a huge dick like 
that. She watched as her sister stripped off her clothes and got on 
all fours. And dammed if she hadnt positioned herself so Tracy could 
see Clifford slide it into her pussy. This was cruel and unusual 
punishment. It was also an incredible turn on. Her fingers slid 
inside her panties as she watched Clifford slide his monster cock 
into Stacy.


Stacy was in heaven. She had never been so completely filled by a 
cock before. Well ok, she hadnt fucked all that many guys before, 
but none of them had come close to having a cock like this. Who would 
of thought the class nerd was hung like a horse. She wondered if she 
could convince Cliffy to have it bronzed. She moaned as Clifford 
started to pump his cock into her pussy.

Oh god fuck me Cliffy. Fuck me with your huge cock. Make me cum 
Cliffy.

Oh yeah baby. Cliffy gonna fuck you hard. Cliffy gonna make you 
cum. Clifford was having the time of his life. He was so glad that 
he was finally getting laid. He started to hammer Stacy as hard as he 
could.


Tracy was fingering her pussy with great enthusiasm as she watched 
her sister get fucked. As an orgasm started to build within her she 
imagined what it would be like to get fucked with a monster cock like 
Cliffords. With any luck she would soon find out. She started to 
whimper quietly as her orgasm swept over her


Stacy cried out as she started to cum.

Oh fuck Im cuming. Fuck me Cliffy, fuck me hard. Her body 
trembled and convulsed as waves of pleasure broke over her. She 
clamped down hard on the cock within her. 
It was too much for Clifford and he came with a rush, pumping his cum 
deeply into Stacys pussy. She milked every drop she could from him 
then released her grip and allowed him to topple onto his back. 
Clifford found his head between the naked ankles of Tracy who was 
standing over him. He couldnt help but notice the juices running 
down her inner thighs.

So much for the preliminary. Are you read for the main event 
Clifford?

Clifford could not believe his eyes. He had just fucked and 
incredibly beautiful girl and now her identical twin wanted to do it 
too. He flinched as drops of pussy juice spattered onto his glasses.

You better take those off Clifford. I dont want to break them when 
I sit on your face.

Sit on my face?

Yes Clifford your face. It will make it easier for you to lick my 
pussy.

Lick your pussy?

What are you, an echo? I want you to tongue fuck my pussy. Do you 
understand?

I dont know about this. I His protests where cut off as Tracy 
ground her dripping pussy onto his face.

Mm thats it, lick my cunt while I suck your cock. She bent over 
and took his limp dick into her mouth. Some expert sucking and he was 
soon as hard as a flagpole again.
Stacy looked on and started to pout again.

Its not fair. He didnt eat me out. How come he gets to eat you?

Well you should of thought about that before. Its a pity too. He 
licks good pussy. Isnt that right Clifford?

Mmff mmff.

See? Oh this is sooo good. You should feel the way his tongue 
probes every nook and cranny of my puss. Tracy just couldnt help 
teasing her sister. It was one of the good things in life.
Stacy decided to play her trump card.

Well at least I got to have his cock in my pussy. Oh it was sooo 
good. The way it seemed to fill me completely. I can honestly say it 
was the best fuck I ever had.
Tracy looked up at her sister, her mouth still full of cock.

Whawee?

Tsk tsk. How many times has mother told you not to speak with your 
mouth full?
Tracy released Clifford with a plop.

I said, really?

Yes really. He has a very talented cock.
Tracy looked at her sister then down at Cliffords dick, then back at 
her sister.

Okay, his face is yours. I want this cock inside me.

She jumped up and spun around to squat over Clifford. Clifford, who 
was starting to turn blue, gulped in as much air as he could.

Shit, are you trying to kill me? I could barely breath under 
Once again a mouth full of pussy cut him off.

Oh lick it babe, moaned Stacy as she squirmed on his face.
Tracy lowered herself onto Cliffords cock, slowly savouring every 
inch. She bottomed out then began to slowly rock back and forth. 
Stacy too was rocking on Cliffords face and eventually the two of 
them brushed nipples. They both felt the sensations from the brief 
touch and adjusted their rhythms so they brushed with every movement. 
Their hands moved over the body beneath them until they found each 
other. Clasping hands they leaned together and kissed, their tongues 
twining together. The sisters ran their hands over their twins body, 
playfully pinching and flicking nipples. Then, in that strange 
connection that twins have, they clutched each other as they climaxed 
at the same time. As they regain a sense of their surroundings Stacy 
noticed that Clifford had stopped licking.

Hey no slacking off Cliffy, I want multiple orgasms here.

There was no response from Clifford.

Cliffy? Are you still there?

I know his dick is still hard, said Tracy as she continued to 
grind against him.

Stacy climbed off and looked down at Clifford. His face was a very 
deep shade of blue.

Umm Tracy.

Not now, Im gonna cum again.

Tracy.

Ooh god yes Clifford, fuck my tight little pussy. Make me cum 
baby.

Tracy!

Oh yeah, oh yeah. Im cuming baby. Im cuming.

TRACY!

Oooooooooohhhhhh.

God dammit Tracy I think we killed him.

Wha? Tracy was in a very fuzzy frame of mind.

I said I think we killed him.

Tracy looked down at Clifford. He really did look dead.

You better give him mouth to mouth Stacy.

Eeeww gross. I aint doing it.

For Christs sake Stacy, you just had his dick in your mouth. Why 
cant you give him mouth to mouth?

Hes all icky looking.

Well of course hes icky looking, you killed him.

Me?

It was your fat pussy that smothered him.

It is not fat.

Oh please, if it was any bigger you would need to put a Wide Load 
sign on your arse.

Well at least I dont have saggy tits.

No, you have no tits at all.

Theyre exactly the same size as yours!

So theyre just as saggy as mine then.

No theyre not! Yours are saggier.

Scuse me, came a voice from below.

Theyre the same. Slut!

Ahem, can someone help me?

Whore!

Scrag!

Cunt!

What did you call me?

You heard.

The two sisters where so busy with their fighting that they didnt 
notice Clifford, who had regained consiousness, was gathering his 
clothes and getting dressed.

I cant believe you called me the C word. Im telling Mum when 
she gets home.

Oh yeah. Good idea. Mum, we where fucking the class nerd and after 
we killed him Stacy called me a cunt. Oh and what are we going to do 
with the body?

What body?

That body right The words died in Stacys throat as she realised 
that Clifford was no longer lying there. In fact Clifford was nowhere 
to be seen. 

His clothes are gone too. And the front door is open. Do you think 
he left?

Well an ambulance could have come and taken him away. I wouldnt 
have heard the siren over your shrieking.

Cow!

Bat!


Clifford could hear the twins arguing as he walked away from their 
house. A big smile broke over his face as he thought about the tale 
he could tell at school on Monday. But then he realised that the 
twins where very popular at school and if it came down to his word 
against theirs he would lose. Not to worry though. They obviously 
liked his big dick (he personally thought of it as a nuisance until 
now) so maybe he could get a repeat performance. He would just have 
to learn to breathe through his ears.

The End (for now).

