Shawna's Dare
by justified15

He dares wife to fake being hypnotized.

Hi, my name is Justin. I'm so happy to share this story with you. It happened many years ago. My wife, Shawna, was 22 and I was 24. We had been married for two years and I was a soldier in the Army. We were stationed at Ft. Sam Houston in San Antonio, Texas, where I was an MP.

Shawna is a slender blond with light blue eyes. Her full lips and high cheekbones put her on par with any model. She was rather flat chested when we met, but being in the Army has it's perks. At no cost to us, she had breast implants done at the base medical center. Thanks to Uncle Sam she was now a 36 C. Her legs and ass were toned perfectly from being an aerobics instructor at a local gym for the last 14 months. Every day I wondered how I got such a hot babe for a wife. When she flashed her perfect white smile she could melt any man... or woman.

Our marriage was very strong in spite of our sex life being in a rut lately. We spent many evenings cuddling and talking before falling to sleep. Everything else was perfect in our lives.

One day I got orders for Korea. It was a one year unaccompanied tour. That meant that Shawna couldn't go with me. I had 60 days before I had to leave. I decided the time was right to spice up our sex life.

That night we told each other our fantasies. I explained to her that we had the best marriage in the world because we could completely trust each other to be honest. I told her that I always wanted a threesome with her and one of her friends. She looked a little hurt and then she smiled and asked, "Which friend?" I replied, "I don't know. I just thought it would be very exciting to see you with another woman." She seemed a little shocked by that, but then confessed that she had fantasized about kissing another woman before. I decided to prod a little further and asked, "Who would you like to kiss?" She blushed and looked down, then she said, "I bet Lisa is a good kisser."

Lisa is my friend, Mark's wife. She is also a beautiful woman. She has olive skin and green eyes that contrast her dark hair. She has a toned, but voluptuous body that I had fantasized about many times. Shawna saw that my mind was wandering and declared that I must be thinking about Lisa. My smile betrayed me and she hit me, calling me a pervert. We talked into the night about our fantasies and it became clear to me that Shawna's fantasies usually involved other men and women and always involved being submissive. The only thing keeping her from acting out these fantasies was her fear of rejection or being thought of as a slut. In her fantasies she was always guilt-free.

Over the next few days we talked more about our fantasies and maybe acting on some of them. She was always too modest to really consider doing anything. She just didn't want people to think of her in that way, but I was determined to come up with some way to make something happen though.

The next week Shawna challenged me to a game of gin. We played regularly and were a pretty close match. She didn't know that I often let her win just to keep things interesting. I told her I would play, but that I wanted to know what the stakes were. She smiled and asked, "What do you have in mind?" I replied, "How about if the loser has to do whatever the winner dares them to do?" She immediately shook her head, saying, "No way. You'll probably have me sunbathing nude or something." I just said, "Fine! If you're so confident you're going to lose then why bother. I'm sure you'd have me washing the car in the buff or something." She laughed and said, "Hey! That's not a bad idea."

We finally agreed that each of us would write down five dares on small cards. The loser would then draw a dare from the winner's cards and had the choice of doing it or drawing another card. The game went pretty fast. I considered letting her win, but she beat me too fast.

I drew from one of her five cards. It said, "Go through the fast food drive through while completely naked!" I acted stunned and feigned an attempt to get out of it. Shawna goaded me into it though. When I finally consented she said, "When do you want to do it?" I replied, "No time like the present."

Shawna sat in the back seat on the passenger side so she could get a good view. I drove to the local burger stand up on Austin highway and placed my order at the speaker. I drove to the window and the teenage boy taking the money didn't seem phased. After he took the money he left the window saying, "I'll be right back with your order." A minute later two teenage girls came to the window and one leaned out to give me my order. I declined the extra ketchup and drove off with a big hardon and a smile.

Shawna and I went home and fucked for two hours. The spice was definitely back in our sex life. In fact, we made love three more times the next day. I was very pleased with myself. This was the best aphrodisiac and I was hooked.

A few nights later we decided to play scrabble. As we were setting up the game Shawna said we were playing for dares again. I said, "OK." I was determined to win this time.

Two hours later it was still close. I had put the word INHIBIT down and she changed it to INHIBITED. It was close until I changed it to UNINHIBITED on a triple word score. That was it. I had beaten her.

She drew from my cards and read it out loud, "Allow Justin to pretend to hypnotize you in front of his friends and do whatever he says." Shawna's eyes got big and she said, "And what would I have to do?" I grinned and said, "You know, dance sexily, kiss the guys, maybe even take your clothes off." "Oh my God!" she screamed, "You can't make me do that." I just laughed and said, "OK, if the stakes are too high for you, then you can just forget about it." She pushed me to the floor and looked me right in the eye and said, "Hey, I'm not going to chicken out. I just wanted to know what you wanted me to do."

I explained that, under hypnosis an individual's behavior was unpredictable. She could just refuse to do something and still be hypnotized. I told her, "In fact, I will probably even test your limits to prove that point to them." Shawna agreed to go through with it. I told her I would set it up for Saturday night.

Saturday came quickly, but that day dragged on and on. My friend, Jeff, called to say he couldn't make it. Finally, Mark came over at 18:30 and explained that Lisa was at her sister's baby shower.

We had a BBQ in the backyard and enjoyed a few beers. At one point Mark commented to Shawna, "I see you stopped biting your nails." She held them up and said, "Yup, I wanted to quit for years, but it was useless until Justin hypnotized me."

Mark took the bait. He was fascinated by the subject and soon asked us to demonstrate it. I explained it in detail and told him how surprised I was that it had even worked the first time. I told him that I wasn't sure I could do it again. He prodded us a few more times and finally we agreed to try it. Shawna said, "OK, but only if you promise not to make me do something stupid like bark like a dog or something." We promised.

We moved inside to the living room. I had Shawna sit in a chair between the two sofas that Mark and I were sitting on. I went through the whole relaxation routine for about three minutes and then I said, "Jamaica." Shawna instantly dropped her head as if she fell asleep. This was exactly what I had told her to do. I explained to Mark that when I hypnotized her before I told her that when she heard the word Jamaica she would easily slip into a hypnotic trance.

I asked her if she could hear me. She said, "Yes." I told her to put her right leg on the footstool in front of her and she lifted her leg up and stretched it out on the imaginary footstool. Then I told her to put her foot back onto the floor. She did. Then I told her that she was going to serve us drinks and snacks and wait on us all night. That she was only going to be happy if we were happy. I asked her if she understood and she said she did. I told her she was going to wake up when I count to three and she wouldn't remember that she had been hypnotized.

I counted to three and she woke up. I said, "We might as well forget it. This isn't going to work." Shawna lifted her head and said, "I'm sorry it didn't work sweetie. Oh well, can I get anyone another beer?" Mark and I said yes and she got them for us. We turned on the game and she got us some snacks. She even went to make cookies.

Mark said he couldn't believe it. I told him I was just as surprised as he was. Then he said, "If I could hypnotize Lisa I would make her do a striptease for me and act real sexy." I smiled and said, "Boy, that would be great, but what if I was there?" He smiled and replied, "Dude, I'd make her give you a killer lap dance. I'd make her think you were me and let you make out with her while I watched." "No way, Lisa is so hot." I said, "I'd kill to see her naked." "Well, Shawna is a real babe too. She's all toned in just the right places. I bet she's incredible in the sack." I laughed and said, "She is, but I bet Lisa is a wild woman." This time Mark laughed and said, "Sometimes she's too wild even for me."

We watched more of the game and then I said, "Hey, ya want to see if we can get Shawna to give us a show?" Mark leaned forward and grinned. He said, "That would be great, but are you sure you want to do that in front of me? I mean, what if things get out of hand?" I replied, "Don't worry about it. Just follow my lead and go with the flow. Besides, I always thought Shawna had a thing for you. I don't think she'd really mind and, it really gets me hot to think of her stripping in front of you." "OK, but let me know if you think it's going too far," Mark said.

Shawna came back in with fresh baked cookies. She sat down and I said, "I bet it's really hot in Jamaica." Shawna dropped her head as if falling to sleep. Mark said, "Oh shit, I don't believe this really works." But the way he said it meant that he really did believe it.

I told Shawna, "For the rest of the night you will do everything we tell you to do and you will enjoy doing it for us. Anything we ask you to do will seem completely normal and you won't even question it. When you wake up in the morning you will only remember that we had dinner and drinks with Mark while we watched the game. Everything will be completely normal. Do you understand?" She said yes. I told her she would wake up at the count of three and she wouldn't remember being hypnotized. I counted to three and she lifted her head and smiled at me.

I switched the TV to a music station and a good dance song came on. I told Shawna to do a striptease for us. She stood up and started to sway to the beat. She danced mostly in front of me as she took her shirt off. Mark's eyes lit up when he saw her white lacy bra.

She did a good bump and grind and then undid the clasp on the back of her bra. It didn't come off though. She danced over to Mark and sexily unzipped her tight blue jeans. She turned around and bent forward as she swayed her perfect ass in front of him. She danced like that as if she was offering her ass to him so I said, "Go ahead and feel her ass. It's great!" Mark didn't hesitate. He cupped her cheeks in his hands and then felt all over her ass.

Shawna looked at me and winked. Then she danced to the middle of the room and pulled her jeans off. She kicked them at me and then danced over to me. She did a bump and grind in my face and I felt her ass through her lacy white panties. Then she danced to the middle of the room again and turned her back to us. She let her bra drop to the floor and turned facing us with her arms over her breasts. She danced and teased us for a moment and then she pulled one arm away and then the other. Her perfect 36C's were pointing straight out from her chest.

I couldn't believe this. My sexy wife was stripping for my best friend in our own living room and she loved every minute of it. My cock was so hard it was starting to hurt. I bet Mark was in the same predicament.

Shawna danced to Mark and danced in front of him then she turned around and stuck her panty covered ass in his face and swayed it back and forth. He gently caressed her ass with both hands. Then she reached back and grabbed his hands. She moved them to the waistband of her panties and hooked his fingers over the top. She slowly pulled his hands down her sides so that he was pulling her panties off of her. She let go of his hands and he continued to slowly pull them down while she bent over and put her hands on the floor in front of her.

Everything seemed to be in slow motion for me. It was like watching a movie; a movie I would replay in my mind for years to come. As her panties revealed her most private area, my friend's face was mere inches from it. He stared directly into her glistening pussy as he lowered her panties to her ankles. My mind raced wildly as the scene before me exceeded anything I had ever imagined.

Then she stood up and stepped out of her panties. She danced to the center of the room again and mesmerized us with her sexuality. She danced for a few more seconds and then the song ended. Shawna sat down in the chair and watched TV while a commercial came on. Mark and I just looked at each other and then at Shawna. Then she stood up and said, "I see you guys need another beer." With that, she grabbed the empty bottle from the table beside me and then leaned across Mark to grab his empty from the table on the other side of him. Her breasts were now inches from his face. He didn't know what to do. She stood up and went to the kitchen.

When she left Mark said, "Holy shit! That was great! I wonder if this would work on Lisa?" I said, "I don't know. I can't believe it's working now. What should we do next? " Mark blushed a little and said, "I don't think we can top this." Just then Shawna came back and handed each of us a beer. She sat down to watch TV and she let her legs fall apart. We watched the game for a while and we made the regular conversation, but mark and I were greatly distracted.

A few minutes later Mark headed for the bathroom, leaving Shawna and I alone. Shawna sat in my lap and kissed me. When we stopped kissing I asked her, "Did you enjoy putting on a show for us?" She grinned and said, "I've never been so hot before. If Mark wasn't here right now I'd fuck your brains out." I grinned back and said, "Do you want to fuck Mark? I'd love to watch you fuck his brains out." Shawna blushed and squealed, "I'll do whatever you guys say. I'm not the one in control here."

Mark came back into the living room before I could say anything else. I kissed Shawna deeply and then said, "OK, you can sit back down for now." She jumped up and sat in the chair. A couple minutes later I excused myself to go to the bathroom. I grabbed the newspaper from the coffee table so they would know that I would be awhile. I rounded the corner to the hallway and lay down on the floor to look through a vent that opened up on both sides of the wall. I saw mark turn to Shawna and say, "Come sit on my lap." Shawna jumped up and sat on his lap with her arms around his neck. Then he said, "Kiss me like you did your husband." She leaned forward and French kissed him. Her breasts were pushing into his chest. They continued kissing as he lowered his hands to her ass and squeezed. She just kept kissing him.

I really did have to pee so I got up and went into the bathroom. It was hard peeing with an erection, but after a minute I managed to piss. I zipped up and went back to the floor vent. Now she was sitting on his lap with her back to him and he was squeezing and pinching her tits. She slowly ground her pelvis back and forth on him. Then he lowered a hand to her crotch and started to slide his fingers up and down her obviously very wet slit.

I was so turned on that I didn't want to stop them, but then, the floor was not very comfortable either, so I got up and went into the bathroom and flushed the toilet. Then I washed my hands and went back to the living room. Shawna was sitting in the chair again and they were talking about the game.

I sat down and said, "I have an idea. Shawna, go get the can of whipped cream from the fridge." As she went to get it I cleared everything off of the coffee table. Then I put a blanket over it. When Shawna returned, I told her to lie down on the table. Then I sprayed whipped cream in a spiral over both tits, completely covering them. I looked at Mark and said, "Dessert is served." I motioned him to the breast on his side and I started licking the cream off the one on my side.

It didn't take long before all of us were moaning about how good it was. Soon, we had licked her tits clean and just licked and sucked on her nipples. Shawna was even moaning from the pleasure she was receiving. I told her to spread her legs wide. First her eyes opened wide and then she opened her legs. I sprayed some cream over her crotch and then proceeded to lick it clean while mark kissed, licked, sucked, and pinched her tits. I slowly inserted my middle finger into her pussy while I continued to suck on her clit. She started thrusting her hips up and down.

I pulled my finger out and sprayed more cream between her legs. Then I said, "OK Mark, you owe me one. It's your turn down here." He lifted his head from Shawna's tits and said, "I think I owe you more than one, buddy."

I moved up to Shawna's breast and started to kiss them while my best friend started to lick the cream from my wife's juicy pussy. I worked my way up her neck and then kissed her passionately on the lips. She let out a loud moan as Mark slipped a finger into her and started pumping it in and out. I leaned by her ear and said, "I love you."

I looked down to see mark eagerly sucking her clit and finger fucking her. I went back to work on her perfect breasts, pinching and pulling her nipples. Soon, Shawna cried out, "I'm going to come. Oh God, I'm coming!" Mark doubled his movements and I grabbed both nipples and pinched them hard. The next two minutes were filled with Shawna's screams of ecstasy.

She curled up into the fetal position and Mark and I sat back down and watched her. A minute later she got up and sat on the edge of the table. I unzipped my pants and pulled my hard cock out. What a relief that was. Then I said, "Shawna, crawl over here and give me the best blow job you can give." She got down on her hands and knees and crawled to me. I pushed the coffee table out of the way and sat back down. Shawna dove right onto my cock with her mouth and proceeded to lick and suck my hardon.

I looked over at Mark. He had his cock out and was stroking it while watching my wife's naked ass. I was close to cumming so I said, "Stop. Now, crawl over to Mark and suck his cock." Shawna turned around and crawled to him. She put both hands around the base of his penis and lowered her lips down around it. Soon, she was bobbing up and down on his cock like a machine. Mark couldn't take his eyes off my wife as she swallowed him over and over.

It was too much for me to see. I got on my knees behind Shawna and pushed my dick up against her moist slit. I moved it up and down and then eased it into her. She responded by thrusting back at me. I watched her suck my friend's cock while I fucked her doggy style. It was incredibly sexy watching her swallow another man's cock and it didn't take me long to cum. I started cumming inside her. I filled her up with my cum and continued fucking her for a few seconds. I pulled out of her and sat down on the sofa, watching the incredible blowjob she was giving Mark. Then Mark said to her, "OK, now climb up here and lower your pussy onto my cock."

I was shocked and my mouth dropped open. Mark didn't even look at me as Shawna straddled his legs and slowly impaled herself onto his big cock. Oh shit, I thought to myself. I should have stopped that, but it was too late. She was already halfway onto his cock and I just stared as her pussy lips stretched wide around him. A moment later her pelvis met his and they started rocking back and forth. I couldn't believe it. My shy wife was riding Mark's cock.

I felt sharp pains of jealousy when they started kissing passionately. I knew they were far beyond my control. I had started all of this and I couldn't blame anyone else. I just sat back and watched as they fucked to what looked like a simultaneous orgasm. They came loud and hard. Mark didn't pull out, he just filled her womb with his seed. I can't say that I blame him. I wasn't worried about Shawna getting pregnant because she was on the pill and I wasn't worried about Aids because we had never even heard about it back then.

I told Shawna to get some towels. She came back with them and handed one to each of us. Mark and I got dressed and left Shawna naked. He said it was getting late and got up. We made the usual goodbye talk and walked him to the door. Shawna even stood in the doorway completely naked and waved goodbye to him.

After he was gone we made love. Shawna said it was the most exciting experience she had ever had. I had to agree. We talked about it for hours and she said she wanted to do it again, but with Lisa this time.

End Part One

Part Two

Shawna woke up the next morning in my arms and asked sheepishly if I was mad at her. I kissed her tenderly on the forehead and told her that I never loved her more. She smiled and the room seemed to light up. As I was getting ready to leave for work she looked a bit shaken so I asked her what was wrong. She was worried about what Mark thought of her now and if it would ruin our friendship. I explained that he thought she was hypnotized last night and as long as he believed that, our friendship was safe. She kissed me goodbye and I left for work.

Just after noon Shawna answered the door to find Mark holding a Polaroid camera. He said he was supposed to drop it off for Justin to borrow for his trip. Shawna felt a little awkward, but tried hard not to show any hint of it. She invited Mark in and said she would put the camera away and thanked him for loaning it to her husband. Mark hesitated and said, "I hope you don't feel bad about last night. I thought you might be mad at me."

Shawna new she couldn't reveal any knowledge of the actual events last night so she said, "No, I'm not mad, but why would I be? After all, I'm the one that fell asleep on the couch while you guys watched TV. I should apologize to you for being so rude." Mark smiled and decided to play along. "So you don't remember making us cookies last night?" Shawna tried her best to look confused and said, "No, I thought Justin baked them." She had just mentally patted herself on the back for being such a good actress when Mark said "Jamaica."

Shawna stiffened up for a moment as her mind raced. Her thoughts collided with one another as she realized the trap she had laid for herself. She knew that if she didn't act hypnotized right now then Mark would know how perverted she really was. She couldn't stand the thought of him knowing that. She also knew that if she did act hypnotized then Mark might just want to test her limits. But then again, maybe he would let her off easy and just leave.

Shawna just stared out into space while Mark maid up his mind about her condition. He decided to test her. "Stand on one leg and flap your arms like a bird." Shawna only hesitated a moment longer and then lifted her left leg and started flailing her arms. Mark exclaimed, "Well I'll be damned!" Then he told her to stop.

Mark didn't really have a plan. He just wanted to see if Shawna had been pretending last night. He only intended to find out that she was in on everything and then he was going to leave, but now he realized he had an opportunity that he couldn't pass up.

Mark told Shawna to go into the living room. He followed her in and sat in the upholstered chair. Then he had her strip off all of her clothes. Shawna quickly removed them and stood facing him. She was only a little startled when he reached out and fingered her fluffy pubic mound and then inserted a finger. Remembering her state, she tried not to move. He stood up and walked behind her and then he caressed her ass.

Shawna was experiencing many feelings: betrayal, fear, and undeniably excitement. She couldn't believe how wet she was getting by the knowledge that she was completely helpless against any of Mark's advances. She was going to have to go through with anything he said and did or else he would know the awful truth about last night.

Mark removed his clothes and then came up behind Shawna and cupped her breasts in his hands. He took his time kneading them and pinching the nipples as he ground his hard penis against her ass. He was thoroughly enjoying this and it was obvious that he was only concerned with his own pleasure.

His hand dropped down to her wet and waiting pussy and he told her to bend forward and spread her legs. He fingered her for a minute and then walked away. Shawna felt she was lewdly displayed in that position and she wondered where he went. She only jumped a little when she heard the camera snap and saw the flash from behind her. She really wanted out of this situation right now, but she was already committed.

Mark made her lie on the coffee table and masturbate while he took several more pictures. Then he had her crawl to the chair he was in and take his cock into her mouth. He even took a picture of her sucking him while looking into the camera.

Soon Mark was ready to cum so he told Shawna to pull back and he sprayed her face with jism as he took more pictures. Then he reloaded the camera and made her continue blowing his limp penis.

Shawna had never had come all over her face before and she really wanted to wipe it off, but Mark hadn't told her to wipe it off. It was all she could do to continue sucking him while it dripped down her eyebrow to her eyelid. Soon she had to close her left eye to keep it from getting in her eye. About that time Mark was at full attention again and he made her get up and stand behind the chair. Mark stood behind her and told her to bend over the chair so that her face was resting against the seat cushion.

Shawna was only worried about not getting cum on the cushion until Mark started fucking her tight wet pussy from behind. As she thought about her situation and felt him sawing in and out of her, using her like a fuck toy, Shawna was suddenly overwhelmed by the most intense orgasm. It snuck up on her and caught her by surprise, but it lasted for a gloriously long time.

Mark was surprised that Shawna came so hard. Her wild moans and spasming pussy almost sent him over the edge. He held on until she settled down and then he pulled out of her and took aim at her puckered anus. Lisa had always denied him anal sex, but he finally found himself in a position to take advantage of Shawna without even having to politely ask for it.

Shawna reeled from the intense orgasm and was unphased when Mark pulled out. He was pushing hard at her rectum before she even understood what was happening. She muffled a cry into the cushion as she felt her anus suddenly give way to what felt like a baseball bat being pushed into her. She focused on relaxing and soon he was able to thrust all the way into her. She couldn't believe it. Justin had been begging to do this to her for two years and now Mark was taking her virgin asshole. She didn't even notice when several flashes went off.

Mark set the camera down and thrust several more times before he filled Shawna's ass with his seed. He pulled out and went to the bathroom to clean up. When he came back he got dressed and then told Shawna to stand up. He leaned in and kissed her passionately. Then he told her to shower and clean herself up. Afterwards she would only remember that he dropped off the camera and left. He grabbed the pictures and let himself out.

End Part Two

Part Three

When I got home that evening Shawna seemed distant as if her mind was somewhere else. We had a quiet dinner and then retired to the living room for some prime time TV. After we watched one of my favorite sitcoms I went to the restroom and returned to find Shawna in tears. It didn't take much coaxing to get the whole story. Shawna had always been completely honest with me. As she told me about Mark I had an uneasy feeling that I had really let Shawna down. But as she told me about the incredible orgasm she had she started to cry all over again. I finally realized that she was crying out of guilt rather than the forced sex.

I lovingly caressed her cheek and explained my love for her. I loved her more now than ever and that would never change. We talked into the night and even made love. I was a little surprised when she climbed on top of me and guided my dick into her anus. She had never let me do that before. I came fast, but her asshole was so tight that I didn't loose my hardon and we fucked for another thirty minutes until I came again in her ass.

The next morning as I got ready for PT, I promised to try to find the photos in Mark's car. This all happened before most people had ever heard of the Internet, so Shawna was only worried about her friends seeing the photos.

Mark loaned me his car at lunch to pickup my uniforms from the cleaners. I searched it from top to bottom, but came up with nothing. When I got home that evening Shawna was sitting on the living room with Lisa. I wondered what was going on, but I relaxed when I saw them giggling. I said hello and went to change out of my uniform.

When I returned Shawna explained that Lisa had found the photos in Marks foot locker and stormed into our house to confront Shawna. Lisa said she was ready to kill her best friend for screwing around with her husband. Shawna tried to explain everything but wound up in tears. Finally Lisa got enough of the pieces from Shawna to figure it out.

Lisa asked me if I was mad at Mark. I told her I was a little pissed, but that I couldn't blame him totally for what he did. After all, I was the one that set up the whole hypnosis trick.

At this point Lisa said she could use a stiff drink. Shawna got up and made drinks for all of us. When we settled back down Lisa said she wanted to get even. Shawna and I were stunned. I asked her what she meant and she explained. She still loved Mark, but she didn't want him to have his cake and eat it too. She said it wouldn't be fair to anyone if we didn't turn the tables on him. Shawna agreed and said she knew just what to do. She suggested that we invite Mark over to join us and somehow hypnotize Lisa. Lisa said that would be perfect, but that she wanted to make him watch while she did things with me. Shawna giggled and said it was only fair, since Mark got to fuck her that I get to fuck Lisa. I was shocked. Here was my beautiful wife setting me up to fuck her gorgeous best friend. I guess I looked too shocked because Lisa asked if that was OK with me. I stuttered my ascent and they both giggled like schoolgirls.

The phone rang and I answered it. It was Mark asking if Lisa was over at our house. I said she was and invited him over. I was still in shock at the prospect of having my way with Lisa. I told Shawna and Lisa that he was on his way.

It would only take him about fifteen minutes to get there, so I had to set things up quickly. I pulled Shawna into the bedroom and asked her if she was OK with this. She grinned from ear to ear and gave me a suggestion for some hot action with Lisa. I agreed and then I went back out and sat by Lisa. I asked her if she was sure about this. She looked into my eyes and said she was looking forward to it. I asked her if there were anything off limits. She looked confused so I explained that Mark had taken Shawna's anal cherry. Lisa said she had never done that before, but that she was thinking about letting Mark try it with her. Apparently he had been trying to talk her into it since they were dating. She smiled and said, "OK. Let's do it, but please be gentle with me."

Soon Mark showed up and Shawna made him a drink as he joined us in the living room. We made small talk and even talked about work a little. Mark asked Shawna if she would miss me while I was in Korea. She held my hand and said she didn't know how she was going to make it without me. Lisa told her not to worry because she would take care of Shawna while I was gone. Mark chimed in that he would keep an eye on her too, besides, that's what friends are for.

At this point I decided to make a point of teaching him a lesson. I knew his comments had double meanings and it was pissing me off. I just laughed and thanked him for being such a good friend. I even told him I would gladly do the same for him if he were being shipped out.

Shawna saw an opening here and pointed out to Lisa that she hadn't bitten her nails since I had hypnotized her. Lisa jumped at the conversation and asked all the right questions. We all had a laugh when I told about making Shawna cluck like a chicken under hypnosis.

Lisa was skeptical, but interested so I suggested she let me hypnotize her. She said that would be great if I could leave a post hypnotic suggestion that doing housework was fun. Everyone laughed at that. I told her I could try though.

She was still scared to try it though so Mark suggested I hypnotize Shawna so Lisa could see how it worked. Shawna agreed, but made me promise not to make her do anything stupid.

I had Shawna sit in the same chair and went through a couple minutes of relaxation exercises. Then I said Jamaica and she looked as if she was in a trance. I explained what had happened to Lisa and then turned back to Shawna. I did the footstool thing and then the floating arm shtick. Then I asked Lisa if there was anything she would like to see Shawna do that she normally wouldn't do. Lisa thought about it and said, "I know. She always brags about giving you the best foot massages. Why don't you make her give me one?" I agreed, and after a few instructions, Shawna was on her knees in front of Lisa massaging her feet. Lisa let out a few moans and said it was wonderful. She couldn't stop giggling though. Mark and I both laughed.

I asked Lisa if she was ready, but she said she was enjoying the massage too much. "Why don't you hypnotize Mark first? If you can hypnotize him, then I'll believe you can hypnotize me. No one is more stubborn than Mark." Mark agreed to do it, but only if I didn't make him do anything stupid. I told him not to be silly. I was his best friend, and if you couldn't trust your best friend, then who could you trust.

Mark took his place in the chair and I went through the routine again. I winked at him. He smiled slightly and I knew he was going to pretend. I spent a couple minutes relaxing him and then told him he was hypnotized. He looked forward as if in a trance. Then I explained to Lisa that hypnosis was so powerful that I should be able to make Mark stronger than he ever was before. I told Mark to sit still and then I left the room and came back with a bundle of clothesline rope and scissors. I tied his wrists to the arms of the chair, his ankles to the legs of the chair and then his waist to the back of the chair. Then I told him that he was not tied up and to stand up. Mark pulled with all his might, but couldn't get loose.

Lisa said that was amazing that he couldn't get up. Mark looked confused. I told him to relax and he did. Then I turned to Lisa and said, "Now that he really believes he's tied up, there is no way he can get out of the chair. He really sees and feels the ropes, even though there aren't any. Lisa almost lost it. She started to giggle. Mark tried to pull his arms and legs free, but couldn't budge the ropes. He said, "That's bullshit. I see the ropes right here." With that we both started laughing.

Mark looked confused. He looked at his bondage and started to wonder if he was hypnotized. He pulled at them again and I told him that he shouldn't overdo it, even though the ropes aren't real, he would have bruises tomorrow because he believed they were there.

I turned to Lisa and asked if she was convinced. She replied, "Oh my God! Yes, I'm ready now. What do I have to do?" I told Shawna she could stop massaging now and then I gave her the command to wake up. Shawna looked surprised to find herself kneeling in front of Lisa. We explained what had happened and told her about Mark.

Shawna looked at Mark and exclaimed surprise that he thought he was tied up. That was the clincher. I think Mark really believed he had been hypnotized.

Shawna sat back down on the sofa and, since Mark was in the chair, I had Lisa sit in the loveseat across the coffee table from him. I went through the relaxation exercises for a couple minutes and then dropped her into a deep trance. Once she was under I had her pretend her arm was floating and then I made her do a cheer as if she was a cheerleader at a football game. We all laughed and then I asked Shawna if there was anything she'd like to see Lisa do. Lisa though about it and decided she wanted a foot massage. Soon Lisa was on her knees giving Shawna a great massage.

I looked at Mark and smiled. "What do ya think Mark? Anything special you'd like me to make her do?" Mark looked a little stunned. He still hadn't gotten over the ropes that held him down. He hesitated, so I said, "Don't worry, I know just what to do now."

I turned back to Shawna and said Jamaica. She instantly stared blankly as if in a trance. Then I commanded Lisa to stand up. I grabbed the TV remote and changed it to a music channel. Grinning like a schoolboy, I told her to do a strip tease for us.

Lisa didn't hesitate. She started gyrating to the music and unbuttoning her white blouse. I looked at Mark. His eyed were wide as he watched his wife pull her shirt off and then start on her jeans. He said, "I'm not so sure this is a good idea Justin." I laughed and said, "Come on Mark. Just a couple nights ago you said you'd make her do a striptease and then give me a killer lap dance. You don't think I'd pass up on that offer, did you?"

Lisa kicked off her jeans and came to wiggle her panty-covered ass in Mark's face. Then she danced to me as she unfastened her bra. She dropped the bra off her lovely tits right in front of me and shook them in my face. I reached up and pinched her butt. Then she seductively slipped her thumbs under the waistband of her panties and playfully pulled at them. She turned away from me and, keeping her back and legs straight, she bent at the waist as she pulled them down to her ankles.

What a view to behold. I had dreamed of Lisa ever since I met her and finally I was going to have her. I almost came in my pants right then, but I held back because I knew it was going to get much better. Lisa stood up and kicked off her panties. Then she danced in front of Mark for a minute before coming back to me. Staring directly at her charms, I commented, "Mark, your wife has great tits and a very fuckable ass. You are one lucky son of a bitch!" Mark didn't say anything, but kind of grunted something.

The song ended and Lisa sat down in the chair across from Mark. I told Shawna to stand up. She quickly stood. Then I told her to do a strip tease for us. She immediately began a repeat of her performance two nights ago. While she pulled her T-shirt over her head I told Lisa to give me a killer lap dance. She jumped up and came to sit on my lap. She immediately shoved her breasts in my face and started to grind her hips as she straddled my legs. I grabbed her ass in both hands and squeezed. She leaned back to play with her own nipples and I glanced over at Mark. He had a look of shock and awe. He didn't know weather to watch Shawna strip or Lisa grinding on me.

I laughed and then sucked Lisa's nipple into my mouth. I was in heaven. Lisa turned around and ground her ass into my crotch while I pawed at her tits. Then I reached between her spread open legs and started fingering her. Just to make sure Mark noticed I said, "Mark, your wife gets so wet. I think she likes this."

I looked over to see that Shawna was down to her panties and was teasingly gyrating in front of him. By the time the song was over, Lisa was close to orgasm. Shawna sat down and Lisa sat in her chair again. I told Mark I had to use the restroom, but to keep him entertained I had a special treat in mind. I told Lisa and Shawna that they were bisexual lovers and to make out on the sofa.

Lisa walked to the sofa and sat down next to Shawna. Both women looked a little shocked, but after only a moment's hesitation the locked in an embrace, kissing passionately. I went to the bathroom and relieved myself quickly.

When I returned Shawna was on her back and Lisa was on top of her kissing her breasts. They were both obviously enjoying this by now. I had always known that Shawna had fantasized about being with another woman. I even suspected that she was attracted to Lisa, but the way Lisa was attacking Shawna told me Lisa had shared the same fantasy.

I had planned on making them do a sixty-nine or take turns eating each other, but they progressed very well on their own accord. The site was so mesmerizing that I had to unzip and stroke my hardon. I was in the process of pulling it out when I saw Mark look nervously at me.

Lisa was now on her knees in front of the sofa, eating Shawna's pussy. I stood and pulled the rest of my clothes off. Lowering myself to my knees behind Lisa, I had an evil thought. I caressed her ass and even fingered her a little. Then I ran to the bedroom for the Polaroid. Thank God Shawna bought film in bulk. I grabbed several packs of film and came back to the living room. Shawna was making low moaning noises now.

I slapped a flash stick in and proceeded to shoot photos. The women would have been furious, but they were a little busy and besides, they couldn't blow their cover. They were only pretending to be hypnotized.

I got down behind Lisa and snapped a couple photos of her sweet ass and juicy slit. Then I lined up behind her and eased my raging boner into the tightest, smoothest, juiciest pussy I had ever felt. Man she was hot. She immediately started bucking back against me. I pulled halfway out a snapped a picture of my cock going into her.

I turned and took a picture of Mark tied to the chair. His face was frozen in a look of shock and jealousy. Shawna came hard and loud. I pulled out and made Lisa lay face up on the coffee table. I positioned Shawna on her knees on top of Lisa. Mark had the perfect vantage point as I alternated between fucking Lisa and the Shawna. While I kept switching they kissed and moaned.

It was quite a sight. Then I made Shawna slide down between Lisa's legs and told her to give her the best orgasm ever. Shawna didn't waste any time. She dove right in like a pro. I moved around to the other side and presented my cock to Lisa's mouth. She gobbled it down and did things with her tongue that I never dreamed of. I played with her tits and knew I was ready to come soon.

I grabbed the camera again and snapped photos of Lisa swallowing my dick. Then I came deep in her throat and she held out her tongue to show us the semen in her mouth. I snapped another photo and told her to swallow it. Lisa swallowed my cum and then sucked my still hard cock into her mouth.

After a minute I moved around behind Shawna and told Mark, "I've always wanted to fuck Shawna's in the ass, but she would never let me. Now she doesn't have a choice." I lined up my dick against her brown button and pushed. I looked Mark in the eyes ass I slowly sank into her ass. Soon I was buried to the hilt and started pumping back and forth.

The look on Mark's face was incredulous. I asked him if he ever fucked Lisa in the ass. He blinked as if in thought and then replied, "No, she wont let me." With that Lisa started her orgasm and boy did she go wild. Shawna could barely hold on, except her head was trapped between Lisa's clamped legs. I was in for a wild ride as well. Shawna wiggled all over, driving me crazy with my cock in her ass.

When Lisa released Shawna from her legs I pulled out and told Lisa to bend over the coffee table on her knees. I kneeled between her legs and lined up my dick with her anus. I asked Lisa if she had ever had anal sex. She said no. I asked her if she wanted me to fuck her in the ass and she said yes. Mark looked stunned. I told her to tell Mark I was going to butt-fuck his sweet wife. She looked up at him and said, matter-of-factly, Justin's going to butt-fuck my sweet ass honey.

I eased the head into her rectum and she tensed up. I told her to tell her husband what was happening. Lisa said, "His hard cock is trying to push in, but it's so big it hurts a little." I pulled back and then pushed more insistently. "He's in! He got the tip in. Oh my God!" I paused until she relaxed and eased a little more in. "Honey! He's halfway up my ass. It's stretching me so tight." I paused again and then pushed hard until I was all the way in. "Sweetie, he's all the way in! He's got his big cock all the way inside of my ass. It feels so big, but kinda good." Then I pulled almost all the way out and started to slowly fuck her. "Oh God! He's fucking my asshole. He's fucking my ass honey. Oh shit! It feels so big. It's so good. Fuck me harder now Justin. Fuck my cherry ass."

That was all the encouragement I needed. I started sawing in and out of her ass. It was actually the tightest hole my dick had ever been in. I made Shawna crawl under Lisa and lick her pussy while I fucked her ass. Lisa started licking Shawna's pussy.

Ten minutes later we all came within seconds of each other. I sat back on the sofa with a woman on each side. Looking over at Mark I commented, "Oh sorry Mark. You're probably rock hard this whole time. Lisa, unzip him and let his cock have room to breath.

Lisa crawled to him and unzipped him. As she reached in she said, "Well it looks like you came already sweetie. Sure enough, he was rock hard, but the wet spot in his pants was clear to everyone.

With that, I ordered the women to the bedroom for more fun and games. As soon as we entered the bedroom Lisa knelt in front of me and started licking my cock. Cleaning the spunk and even a little shit from it with her tongue. Shawna knelt beside her and eagerly licked me as well.

The rest of the night was a blur of sex. I was no longer in control, but both women made sure I was rock hard all night. It must have been surreal for Mark. He could hear us and see an occasional flash from the camera, but that was it.

I awoke after a 20-minute catnap around five in the morning. As I made my way to the bathroom I remembered poor Mark. I went to the living room to find him sleeping in the chair. I took the scissors and clipped the rope, careful not to wake him. Then I hid the pieces of rope in the bathroom while I pissed.

I woke the woman and endured another fuck and suck session. Then we showered and dressed. We all kissed passionately and then we snuck into the living room. I stood next to Mark and snapped my fingers until he awoke. He looked at the women and then me. They were fully dressed and asleep on the couch. There were no signs of the Polaroid's or the ropes or anything, except bruises on his wrists and his limp cock was hanging out of his fly.

He stood up and excused himself to the restroom. When he came back he asked what happened. I explained that he could probably remember most of what happened last night. He ran his hand through his hair and said, "I thought so." He sounded a bit humble. Thank God! I was worried he might be pissed.

We went into the kitchen and had coffee. I finally explained, "You probably don't remember, but you told me all about what you did to Shawna." Mark tried to look confused. I continued, "You even told me where you hid the photos. I have them now, along with the ones from last night. I even have a couple of you jacking off while I fucked your wife." He winced at that one.

We were silent for a few moments until he sheepishly said, "So that's why you had anal sex with her huh? I guess I had that coming." I just nodded. He looked at me and said, "I'm sorry Justin. I'll never try anything like that again. I swear. I wasn't going to show those pictures to anyone. I just couldn't resist. Ya gotta believe me."

I raised my coffee cup as if in toast and replied, "I know Mark. I know." I took a sip. "By the way, I changed the code word for Shawna's hypnosis so you couldn't use it. Maybe some day you'll learn the code word for Lisa." Mark's jaw dropped open.

We woke the women and Lisa and Mark said their polite goodbyes.

As luck would have it, my orders for Korea were rescinded and Mark had to go in my place. Lisa actually moved in with us while he was gone for one year. He came back to visit for a couple weeks after seven months. He even thanked me for taking such good care of his wife while he was gone.

Lisa and Shawna enjoyed the hypnosis game so much that we played it often. But all that is for another story. I did get orders for Germany and Shawna and I left just a week before Mark got back to the states.
