Worf startled him out of a deep sleep. 

“The ship had better be under attack, Worf.”

“I have Wesley on hold for you, sir.”

Will shot out of bed and scrambled to find some pajama bottoms. “Put him through, Worf.” He sat in front of his monitor and waited for Worf to put Wesley through. It could only be bad news if Wesley was calling in the middle of the night.

He put on the shirt he had in his hands in case Wesley’s roommate was around. As soon as Wesley appeared on the screen Will could tell that he had been crying.

“You’ve been crying.”

Wesley nodded. “I’m sorry I called so late, but I only just got done.”

“Done with what? What happened, Wesley?” Will was trying his best to stay calm, but it was hard. He didn’t like seeing Wesley like this, and what was worse was that there was nothing he could do about it. He was stuck here on the ship. 

“You were right about Jon.” 

Those five words made Will’s blood run cold. He swallowed against the rising bile. “What happened?”

Wesley looked away from Will and worried his bottom lip. When he spoke he was looking at his hands, not at Will. “He tried to rape me.”

“Tried?” Will asked, some of the tension leaving his body. Wesley offered him a small smile. “Let’s just say you taught me well.”

“How far did he get?”

“Do you really want to know?” 

He really didn’t, but he needed to. “Yes.”

Wesley sighed. “He managed to get my pants down before I could get in a good punch.”

“So he didn’t touch you or anything.”

Wesley shook his head. “And he was completely clothed the whole time.”

Tears started streaming down Wesley’s face. Will just barely managed to hold back his own.

“I’m sorry, Will. I just needed to talk to you.”

“Don’t you dare apologize. I just wish I could be there. You have no idea how close I am to hugging the monitor, even though it wouldn’t get me anywhere.”

Wesley managed a small chuckle through the tears. “I wish you were here too. I hate this so much.”

“Hey, I’ll stay on with you for as long as you need.”

“Thanks, Will, but I think we would mostly just be staring at each other.”

“So? I don’t see a problem with that.”

Wesley smiled again, this one more real than the others. “I love you.”

“I love you too, Wes.”

“Look, I should go. I still have to talk to my mom anyway.”

“I’ll tell her for you.”

“Are you sure?”

Will nodded. “Yeah. It’s not like I’m going to be going back to sleep anyway.”

Wesley looked horrified at the thought. “Will, I’m really sorry. I shouldn’t have called-“

“Wes, what did I say about apologizing? If you need to talk to me, then you need to talk to me. That’s fine. It’s the best I can do while we’re apart.”

Wesley took a deep breath in and nodded. “Thanks, Will. Just… thanks. I miss you so much.”

“I know, baby. I miss you too.”

“I should go.”

“Call me again if you need to. I don’t care when.”

Wesley nodded and signed off, leaving Will staring at a dark screen. He slumped back in his chair. He hated feeling helpless like this. He wished there was something he could do, some way he could help Wesley feel better.

He went to the head and freshened up. It was still too early to see Beverly, but Will didn’t think she would mind. 

She answered her door more quickly than he would have expected, but he really shouldn’t be that surprised. She was probably woken up for more emergencies than he was.

“Will? What’s the matter? Did something happen?”

“Relax, Beverly. Nobody needs any medical attention.” Beverly didn’t relax though. Wasn’t the saying ‘a mother always knows’? “What happened to Wesley?”

Will sighed. “Are you going to let me come in so we can talk?”

Beverly looked over her shoulder nervously but ushered Will in. “Now will you tell me what happened to Wesley?” she asked after they had sat down.

“Do you remember the guy that Wesley almost cheated on me with?”

“Jon.”

“Yeah. Well the day we got married we ran into him on our way back to the hotel. The face he made when Wesley told him that we were married… well, it scared me. I insisted that I teach Wesley how to defend himself, but he didn’t want to learn.”

“Did you teach him?”

Will snorted. “I begged. I think that must have shown him how serious I was because he let me teach him, and it’s a good thing too. Jon tried to rape him but he knew how to defend himself.”

Beverly’s face went pale. “But he’s okay?”

“Physically? Yes. Emotionally? Not really.” Will sighed and leaned back in his seat. “And we’re stuck here.”

Beverly got out of her seat. “Wait here,” she said, walking out of her quarters.

Will was actually a little surprised that it had taken Jon this long to try something. Will hadn’t seen Wesley in six months. They had gotten married near the end of their two weeks together and then Will had spent the rest of his time with Wesley, teaching him how to fight. Then it was time to leave Wesley. It had been harder somehow, leaving Wesley when they were now husbands. 

They had talked more often than they had done during the firs time they had been separated, and Wesley had never mentioned anything about having a run in with Jon. Will had started to allow himself to relax, thinking that maybe Jon wasn’t going to do anything. 

Will should just be thankful that Jon didn’t actually do anything to Wesley.

Beverly walked back in interrupting his thoughts. “We’re on our way to Earth. We’ll be there tomorrow morning.”

Will snorted. “Do I even want to know how you managed that?”

Beverly only gave him a look. 

Will heard someone stirring in the bedroom. “I’m sorry, Beverly. I didn’t know you had company.”

“It’s okay, but you should probably leave now. And you don’t have to show up for your shift today either.”

“Thanks, Beverly.”

Will was almost out the door when the person staying over walked out of Beverly’s bedroom. Will froze and forgot how to breathe for a moment.

Will glared at Beverly. “How long has this been going on?”

Beverly didn’t answer him. 

“This didn’t get serious until after Wesley and I got married, did it?”

Once again Beverly didn’t answer him.

“He’s not going to like this. It’s too weird. And I don’t like it either.” Will turned around and stormed out of Beverly’s quarters. Of all the people on this ship that Beverly could be sleeping with, she had to sleep with his ex-girlfriend. His mother-in-law was sleeping with his ex. 

Wesley was probably going to have an even harder time with this. His mother was sleeping with his husband’s ex, and not just any ex, an ex that his husband had been serious about.

What perfect timing too. Wesley was dealing with enough at the moment. 

Will let out a sigh and headed to Ten Forward. It was probably too early in the day to start drinking, and he probably shouldn’t anyway. If he started drinking then he might not stop, and he definitely didn’t need to be hungover or drunk when he saw Wesley in the morning. 

“You look like hell.”

“Thanks.”

Guinan sat down across from him. “So is Wesley okay?”

Will tilted his head and smiled at her. “What makes you think something is wrong with Wesley?”

Guinan offered him her own smile. “We’ve changed course to head to Earth and you’re here instead of getting ready for your shift. And you look like hell.”

Will’s smiled disappeared with a sigh. “He was attacked. He’ll be fine.”

“But will you?”

Will shook his head. “I don’t know.”

Guinan reached across the table and took his hand. “You can’t blame yourself for what happened.”

Will’s eyes widened in shock, though by this point he should know better than to be surprised by Guinan. 

Suddenly he felt the need to be completely alone. He offered Guinan a smile and squeezed her hand, then stood up and walked out without saying a word. Guinan would understand.

He made his way back to his quarters hoping everyone would just leave him alone. He put on some music and then just sat there. It was going to be a long day.

*****

Will hadn’t gotten any sleep. He’d had a pot of coffee though and it was showing. 

He and Beverly were at the Academy and on their way to get Wesley. Will had thought many times about just letting Wesley know they were coming, but in the end he really wanted to surprise him.

Will waited impatiently at the door, wanting nothing more than to just barge in. 

Wesley opened the door wearing gym clothes, though he obviously wasn’t on his way to the gym nor was he on his way back from the gym. He was freshly showered though. He must not have been able to sleep either, not that that really surprised Will.

Wesley’s eyes widened and he let out a strangled cry before flinging himself into Will’s arms. “You’re real. You’re here. You’re really here.”

Will stifled his chuckle, pressing a kiss to the top of Wesley’s head instead. “I’m really here, baby. So is your mother.”

Wesley didn’t say anything. He just clung to Will as Will ran his hands soothingly over Wesley’s back. Finally Wesley relaxed in his arms and put his cheek to Will’s chest so that he was facing Beverly. “Hey, Mom.”

Wesley didn’t try to move. If anything he squeezed Will even tighter. If Wesley didn’t want to move that was fine by him. 

Will looked down to check that Wesley had shoes on and then slowly walked them out of the doorway. “Ready to spend the night on the Enterprise?” Wesley nodded against him and Will had Miles beam the three of them up.

Once on the ship, Beverly tried to approach Wesley, who was still in his arms. He glared at her and she backed off, scowling. Wesley was his husband though and Will was going to be the one to take care of him. Besides, Will didn’t want her around. He was pretty sure that Wesley wasn’t going to want her around once he found out about her and Deanna. Will was going to have to tell him that today and he really wasn’t looking forward to it. He knew he had to be the one to do it though because otherwise Wesley would be mad at him for knowing and not telling him. Will was also worried that Wesley would say something to his mother that he might regret later.

Beverly walked out of the transporter room with a huff. Miles looked at him questioningly but Will just shook his head. Wesley hadn’t even noticed.

“Wes, you’re going to have to at least move to my side if you want to get to our quarters.”

Wesley grumbled but shifted so that he was at Will’s side with an arm loped around his waist. Will put an arm around Wesley’s shoulders and guided him to their quarters.

He sat them both down on the bed and Wesley practically crawled into his lap, apparently needing to touch Will as fully as possible, seeking comfort in his husband.

“Will, I have to tell you something that you’re not going to like.”

Will stiffened, thoughts immediately going to worst case scenario about Wesley’s incident. Wesley must have felt how tense Will had become. “Whatever you’re thinking, don’t. I promise it’s not that bad.”

Wesley untangled himself from Will and stood up in front of him. “Will, before I tell you what really happened you have to know that the only reason I didn’t explain completely was because there was nothing you could do about it and I knew that that would just eat at you. I didn’t think you would actually be able to come see me. I wasn’t going to keep it from you forever though. I had every intention of telling you the next time that I saw you.” Wesley had been speaking quickly and had been playing with the hem of his shirt, eyes roaming around only briefly pausing on Will.

It was obvious that Wesley was incredibly nervous. Will got off the bed to pull Wesley into his arms but Wesley backed away from him. The thought that Wesley might be afraid of him made him sick to his stomach. He must have looked as bad as he felt because Wesley’s eyes widened.

“No, Will. No. It’s not… I’m not afraid of you. Just no sudden movements.”

Will sat back down on the bed, trying to keep his frustration under control because it wasn’t as if this was Wesley’s fault.

“Just tell me what you need to tell me, Wes.”

Wesley frowned at him but then lifted his shirt. Will sucked in a breath and had to forcefully remind himself to not reach out too quickly for Wesley. Slowly he reached a hand out and let his fingers ghost over the bruise. At some point during the struggled Jon must have bent Wesley over something and been very forceful about it.

Will swallowed against the lump in his throat. “Did he rut against you?”

“Yes, but there’s more.” Wesley pulled down his shorts and kicked them off along with his shoes. He sat down on the bed and spread his legs. His thighs were littered with bite marks and bruises and they were suspiciously close to areas that only Will was allowed to see and touch.

Will let out a growl, got off the bed and stormed towards the door. He wanted to feel Jon’s neck snap in his hands.

“Will!” Wesley called after him. Will froze just before he got to the door. There was so much pain in Wesley’s voice. Wesley needed him right now and that took priority over everything else. Wesley appeared beside him in his t-shirt, briefs, and socks. He looked so young, so vulnerable, so helpless, and all Will wanted to do was protect him and keep people from hurting him and to keep him here with Will on the Enterprise so that he could keep him safe.

“I want to kill him,” Will whispered.

“I know,” Wesley replied, placing a hand on his shoulder.

“I need you to put your shorts back on.”

Wesley removed his hand and backed away from him. “You think I’m disgusting now, don’t you? You don’t want to touch me anymore.”

Will shook his head. “No, Wes. That’s not it. Not even close. They just make me angry, those marks, and if you want me to stay here with you and not run off to kill Jon, then I need you to cover them back up for me.”

He heard Wesley walk away and he counted to ten slowly before following.

“You’re just going to get angry anyway,” Wesley stated once Will had joined him.

“And why is that?”

“Because I haven’t finished telling you everything yet.”

Except Will knew. That was what had made him so angry. “But I know Wes, I do. He touched you.”

“Yes.”

“And he had his mouth on you.”

“Yes.”

“Am I missing anything?”

Wesley shook his head. Will kicked his shoes off and lay down on the bed. “Come here, Wesley.”

Wesley crawled over to him and rested his head on Will’s chest, slinging an arm around him. Then he shifted. Then he shifted again. Finally he tugged Will so that he was lying on his side and then curled into him, and that was when Will understood. 

He wrapped his arms around Wesley and threw a leg over him for good measure, cocooning him as best as he could. Wesley sighed and nuzzled at Will’s chest. Will kissed the top of Wesley’s head and gave him a squeeze. Wesley let out another soft sigh and then his breathing evened out. Will smiled. He was glad that Wesley was asleep. He certainly needed it. Will closed his eyes and willed himself to do the same.

*****

Wesley was glaring at him when he walked back into their quarters. He had hoped Wesley would still be asleep.

“Before you start yelling at me, let me just tell you that I went to see Picard. I have a week of leave. There’s something nearby that the Enterprise can take care of so he said I could stay here with you while they are gone.”

Wesley scrunched up his face like he was thinking of something. “What if I want to stay on the Enterprise for the week?”

Will grinned. “I knew you would ask that. It’s fine if you want to.”

Wesley walked up to him and punched him in the arm, glaring at him.

“Ow.” He rubbed the spot where Wesley punched him, pouting. Wesley rolled his eyes and Will pulled him in for a hug.

“Please don’t leave me again.”

“I won’t. I’m sorry. I honestly figured you would just keep sleeping since you were so tired.”

“Did you sleep at all?”

“A little.”

“Will, you need to sleep too.”

“I know. I will. Tonight. Right now I think we should get some food in you because I bet you haven’t eaten since it happened.”

Wesley looked at him sheepishly. 

“Come on. Let’s go to Ten Forward. We can sit at the bar and talk to Guinan.”

Wesley sighed but followed him out. They took a couple of seats at the bar and waited for Guinan. Wesley frowned and then dragged Will’s seat towards him. Will put his arm around Wesley and kissed the top of his head. He felt Wesley relax beneath his touch.

Guinan came over to them already carrying food. She set a selection of fried foods in front of Wesley along with a milkshake. Wesley offered her a small smile and then dug in. Will mouthed a “thank you” to her and she smiled at him. 

“What can I get for you, Will?”

“Just a sandwich for me.” 

He moved his arm from Wesley’s shoulders so that he could rub his back. 

Guinan brought him his food but he ignored it in favor of focusing all of his attention on Wesley.

“You need to eat too, Will. It is okay if you stop touching me for a few minutes.”

“You do realize that it’s going to take me more than a few minutes to eat, right?” he teased. Wesley rolled his eyes and went back to his food.

They ate quietly together, Guinan stopping by every once in a while to see how they were doing.

“Will, I heard you got leave for a week. You guys going anywhere fun?”

Will shook his head. “Wesley wants to stay on the ship.”

“Well it’ll be nice to have you back on the ship, kid, even if it’s only for a week.”

They finished off their food and went back to their quarters.

“Do you think I should have my mom heal the bites and the bruise?”

“No,” Will replied with more vehemence than he had meant. Wesley’s eyes widened and he looked confused.

Will let out a sigh. “I need to tell you something, Wes. It’s about your mother.”

Wesley stayed silent, waiting for Will to speak. He really didn’t want to cause Wesley any more pain right now, but he also didn’t want to drag this out or beat around the bush. “Your mom is sleeping with Deanna.”

Wesley stared at him blankly, blinked a couple of times and then spoke up. “As in…” he gestured towards Will.

“Yeah.”

Wesley shook his head. “I can’t even deal with that right now.”

“I know. I’m sorry. I didn’t want to tell you but I figured I’d better.”

“No, I know. It’s okay. Let’s… I just want to go to sleep.” Wesley walked off but Will didn’t immediately follow. He wished there was something more he could do for Wesley but there wasn’t.

He took his turn in the head. Wesley was sitting on the bed when he came out. “I wanted to sleep in my briefs but I didn’t know how you would feel about seeing my injuries.”

“You sleep however you want, Wes.”

Wesley nodded and took off his tee and shorts before stretching out on the bed. For the second time that day Will was reminded of just how young Wesley really was. He swallowed hard, blinking back tears.

He got into bed with Wesley, keeping his t-shirt and shorts on, not wanting to accidentally freak Wesley out. He pulled the covers over both of them but didn’t make a move to touch Wesley. After a few minutes Wesley finally curled into him, clutching at Will’s t-shirt as a choked sob escaped him. 

He held Wesley close as Wesley cried. He held Wesley until his sobbing had quieted. He held Wesley until his breathing evened out. He held Wesley as he finally gave himself over to sleep.

*****

Wesley was sitting at the edge of the bed with two bags packed when Will woke up. “Wes?”

“Get up. Get ready. I want to go.”

Will scrubbed a hand over his face, trying to figure out what was going on, trying to wake up so that he could figure out what was going on. “What are you talking about?”

“I decided that I really don’t want to spend the week on the ship.”

“Did you get any sleep at all?”

Wesley shrugged. “Hurry up, Will.”

Will groaned. “I’m going, I’m going.” He dragged himself out of bed and got ready, wondering what kind of clothes he should put on. Wesley was wearing jeans and a sweater so Will figured he should do the same.

Wesley handed Will his bag but when Will headed towards the door Wesley stayed seated on the bed.

“I thought you were in a hurry to get out of here.”

“I just… the place wasn’t cheap, Will. I wanted isolation.”

Will snorted. “It’s not like you spend anything while you’re at the Academy.”

“I feel strange doing it. It’s your money-“

“Our money, Wesley,” Will interrupted. “Don’t worry about how much this trip cost, okay?”

“Even if it was a bit on the pricey side?”

Will leaned down and kissed Wesley’s cheek. “Come on. Let’s go see this place you picked out for us for the week.” 

Will was less than thrilled to see Beverly waiting for them in the transporter room.

“Picard must have told her I was leaving,” Wesley murmured to him. 

How Will hadn’t woken up last night while all of this was going on was a mystery. Wesley had apparently been very busy.

They stepped on the transporter pad, ignoring Beverly but acknowledging Miles.

“Wesley, aren’t you going to say goodbye to your mother?”

Wesley glared at her. “Tell me something, Mother, did things get serious before or after you knew about me and Will?”

Beverly didn’t answer him which was really all the answer that he needed. 

Will grabbed Wesley’s hand and squeezed. “O’Brien, I assume you know where we’re going.”

“Sure do.”

“Great, then get us there.”

In an instant Will was surrounded by green. Wesley left his side as a woman approached them but he walked right past her and headed around to the back of the cottage.

“Are you Will or Wesley?” the woman asked him.

“Will. You must be who Wesley talked to.”

“Caroline,” she offered.

“I’m sorry about Wesley. He’s been having a rough time.”

“I noticed that when he got in touch with me so I’ll make this quick. Did Wesley tell you anything about this place?”

Will shook his head. “He even had my bag packed for me when I woke up this morning.”

Caroline tsked. “Poor thing. Well there’s no modernization to this place so you get keys for the front door and there are no replicators. I’ve made sure you’re stocked with plenty of food for the week. I won’t bother showing you around. I’m sure you’ll figure it out and you have more important things to do anyway. Wesley knows how to get in touch with me if you need anything.”

“Thanks for everything.”

“Not a problem. I just hope it works.”

“Yeah, me too.”

She offered him a sympathetic smile and then walked off. Will picked up his and Wesley’s bags and headed to the cottage. He let himself in and decided to drop their stuff off in their bedroom before exploring.

He figured the bedroom would be on the second floor so he headed up the stairs. It turned out the master bedroom took up a good portion of the second floor, including a very large balcony overlooking the sea.

Will opened the balcony door. He could smell the sea from here. It didn’t matter what the rest of the cottage looked like. Wesley had done a spectacular job at picking out the place.

Wesley was sitting in the yard staring out at the sea. It was starting to rain and still Wesley sat. Will headed back down the stairs and to the back of the cottage, noting that the rest of the place was just as great as the master bedroom.

He let himself out of the cottage and walked over to where Wesley was sitting. He stood silently for a few minutes before offering his hand to Wesley. “You should get out of the rain.”

Wesley let himself be pulled up and led over to the bench that was protected from the rain by the balcony above it. They sat down together and Wesley slumped against him. He put an arm around Wesley and gently stroked his arm. Within minutes Wesley had fallen asleep.

Will continued gently stroking Wesley’s arm as he stared out at the sea, the rain pouring down around them. 

It was a couple of hours before Wesley finally stirred. He peered up at Will, grinning sheepishly. “Sorry. Didn’t meant to fall asleep on you.”

“Was worth it. A couple of hours here and you already look so much better.” It was true. Wesley really did look better. There was color in his cheeks and his eyes looked a lot less haunted.

“Hope you still think it was worth it when you find out how much this place cost.”

“I had noticed that it’s not really a bit on the pricey side but more like really on the pricey side.”

Wesley sat up and pulled out a PADD and began fiddling with it. “I know you might freak out about the actual amount because it does kind of put a dent in the account but there’s still plenty left. I mean, if you decided to retire now you could still buy a house and we could still have kids and live comfortably.”

Will raised his eyebrows. “You actually calculated all that, didn’t you.”

Wesley grimaced. “I kind of had to. It was kind of a lot, By the way, how come you never told me that I could totally be a kept man?” Wesley was grinning at him. Will just rolled his eyes. “So do I get to see what kind of dent this place made?”

Wesley worried his lip but handed Will the PADD. He nearly dropped it. His eyes went wide when he saw just how much this place had cost. 

He cleared his throat. “I have a question. What exactly made you think that you could spend that much without letting me know first?”

“Because I never spend any and you love me and you want me to be happy and because I just went through something pretty horrible so I figured you wouldn’t be mad at me,” Wesley replied in a whoosh of breath.

Will actually had to laugh at Wesley’s audacity.

“Does this mean you’re not mad?”

Will handed the PADD back to Wesley. “I’m not mad and it is worth it.”

Wesley smiled and pocketed the PADD before leaning against Will again. Will tilted Wesley’s head up to look at him. He hadn’t kissed Wesley yet because he hadn’t wanted to push, so he leaned in slowly to give Wesley the chance to pull away. Their lips met though and Will felt Wesley stiffen but then relax immediately against him. He kept the kiss simple, not wanting to demand too much from Wesley, and when he pulled away Wesley was smiling.

“Why don’t we go inside where it’s warm,” Will suggested. Wesley pouted but stood up. Will followed him into the cottage where they headed to the kitchen. He walked up behind Wesley and wrapped his arms around him, kissing his cheek, glad that Wesley seemed to be relaxed enough out here that Will’s touch didn’t spook him. 

Will hoped this week would be enough for Wesley.

*****

Wesley was grabbing some spare blankets and pillows and Will was getting the fire started. Their plan was to enjoy the morning in front of the fire since it was pouring out. They had the balcony door wide open though to let in the cool, fresh air.

Wesley piled the blankets and the pillows on the floor as the fire finally started. They crawled into their little nest and Wesley curled into him. 

They didn’t talk or kiss. Will just held Wesley as they lay there silently.

“I’m sorry we can’t really do anything by the fire. It would be romantic.”

Will couldn’t believe that Wesley would break the silence for that. He should know by now that Will didn’t care. “Why do you keep apologizing for that?”

Wesley shrugged against him. “Because we’re here alone and it’s romantic.”

“Doesn’t mean we have to have sex.”

Wesley propped himself up on an elbow and looked down at Will, an eyebrow raised. 

“Don’t look at me like that. I’m happy just to be here with you.”

Wesley leaned down and kissed him and then curled back against him. “You’re a good man, Will. I don’t know what I did to deserve you but I am glad I did whatever it was.”

Will swallowed hard and kissed the top of Wesley’s head. “Just sleep, Wesley. You can use the rest. I’ll be here with you when you wake up, okay?”

He felt Wesley nod against him. After a few minutes he heard Wesley’s breathing even out and knew he was asleep. He lightly ran his fingers through Wesley’s hair, not wanting to wake him but wanting to offer him some small amount of comfort. 

He stayed awake, watching over Wesley the way he wished he could do all of the time. 

It wasn’t until the fire was starting to die that Wesley finally stirred. He yawned and stretched and then snuggled even closer to Will.

“Sleep well?”

“Mm, yeah.”

Wesley’s stomach grumbled. “Guess I’m hungry though.”

“Well you stay here and enjoy the rest of the fire and I’ll get us some food.” Will tried to get up but Wesley gripped him tighter. “Stay. This is better than food.” Wesley buried his nose in Will’s neck and sighed.

“Whatever you need,” Will whispered.

*****

“Will.”

Will let out a grumble and pressed even closer to Wesley.

“Will!”

Will’s eyes snapped open and he knew why Wesley had been trying to get his attention. He quickly rolled onto his back. “Sorry.”

Wesley rolled onto his back too. “It’s okay. Not your fault.”

“I should probably get up and take care of this.”

“Probably.”

With a sigh he got out of bed and headed straight for the shower. He took care of himself quickly and then took his time washing himself and just standing under the hot spray. 

It was hard to be around Wesley and to not be with him. This wasn’t about what he wanted though, this was about Wesley and making sure that Wesley got better.

He finished up his shower and walked out to an empty bedroom. He could smell food though so Wesley must be downstairs cooking. He dressed quickly and found Wesley standing in front of the stove. He wrapped his arms around him. “Are you okay?”

“I’m fine.”

“You don’t seem fine.”

Wesley ignored him and shoveled the eggs from the pan onto two different plates, followed by the bacon and the hashed browns. Following Wesley’s lead Will picked up the plates without a word and set them on the table.

They ate in silence and it wasn’t until they had finished their food that Wesley spoke up. “I really am fine. I know that you didn’t do it on purpose. You can’t help it. I just feel bad that I can’t do anything. It’s not fair to you.”

Will smiled and moved his chair to sit next to Wesley. He wrapped his arms around Wesley and kissed the top of his head. “You need to stop worrying about me. I’m a big boy. I can handle this. You need to focus on just you. You need to focus on getting better. Can you do that for me?”

Wesley nodded.

“Good. Now go change. Let’s go on a walk.”

Wesley shifted so that he could kiss Will before getting up and hurrying up the stairs to change. Will took care of cleaning up the kitchen and was just finishing when Wesley came back down.

“Ready to go?”

Wesley nodded. Will took his hand and led him out of the house. Green stretched out seemingly forever around them. 

They set a leisurely pace, enjoying the sound of the waves crashing against the shoreline. They walked for a while before turning around and heading back for the cottage.

“Are Mom and Deanna in love?” Wesley asked, breaking the silence between them.

“I don’t know, Wes.”

“Do you think they will still stay together knowing how much we don’t approve and how uncomfortable it makes us?”

“I think if they are in love then they’ll probably stay together.”

“I hate it,” Wesley pouted.

“I do too, but are you really going to not talk to your mom?”

Wesley snorted. “Would you?”

Will squeezed Wesley’s hand. “You never know, Wes. They might not last anyway.”

“You know, I bet this is what Worf had on Mom. I bet that’s why she left us alone. I bet she had a night with Deanna and Worf found out about it. Just because things didn’t get serious until after she already knew about us doesn’t mean that nothing happened before then.”

Will snorted but didn’t say anything. They really shouldn’t talk anymore about his mother. Wesley had enough to deal with. He didn’t need to deal with her as well.

They got back to the cottage and sat on the bench outside. It was too beautiful a day to go back inside already. Wesley curled up against Will. 

It was peaceful out here and the air was so fresh and cool. Will found himself beginning to doze.

“I don’t know how to thank you for all of this.”

Will didn’t even bother opening his eyes. “You don’t have to.”

“You’re too good to me,” Wesley murmured.

“It’s no less than you deserve,” Will whispered into his ear. Wesley sucked in a breath, obviously surprised by what Will had said, even though he really shouldn’t be.

Wesley leaned up to give Will a lingering kiss and then settled back against him. He waited until he was sure that Wesley was asleep before drifting off himself.

*****

Wesley was sitting in the yard, staring out at the water as if in a trance. They would be going back to the real world tomorrow and neither of them was looking forward to it. At least he had some good news for Wesley.

He walked out the back door and sat down next to Wesley. “Looks like rain,” he commented. Wesley just grunted in response.

“I just talked to Picard. Jon has been kicked out of the Academy.”

Wesley tackled Will to the ground with a triumphant cry. “Are you serious? He asked, arms wrapped tightly around Will. Will laughed at Wesley’s enthusiasm and cheerfulness. “Of course I’m serious.”

Wesley gave him a squeeze and then sat back up. “That makes me feel better about going back.” 

“I figured it would,” he replied, sitting back up himself.

“I’d still rather stay here though.”

“We can always come back.”

“Yeah?” Wesley asked, eyes bright and hopeful.

“Yeah,” Will confirmed. Just then the sky opened up on them, cold, fat drops soaking them quickly. 

Wesley laughed and surprised Will by grasping his face in his hands and giving him a sound kiss on the lips. He surprised Will even more by straddling Will’s lap and deepening the kiss.

He nipped at Will’s lip. “I think you should get that fire going upstairs,” Wesley murmured against Will’s skin.

“Wesley, are you sure?”

Wesley grabbed one of Will’s hands and moved it to the front of his pants. Wesley was hard and Will knew for a fact that he hadn’t been all week.

“I know you won’t hurt me, Will. I trust you.”

Will nodded. “Okay, but if you’re uncomfortable at all you let me know.”

“Promise.”

They made love by the fire, the windows and doors wide open, the sound of the pouring rain drowning out the crashing of the waves and their quiet moans of passion.

Afterwards, they lay bundled in the blankets, the fire and the heat of their bodies keeping them warm. They drifted off in the dying light of the fire, knowing that together they could face whatever life decided to throw at them next.