Memories - Showing Off My Ex
by Pavao

Memories - Showing Off My Ex Ch. 01

Jessica goes topless at Barcelona urban beach. And I loved!

We have broke up back in 2015, but somehow I still keep good memories of her. In special, because I have a thing about exhibit her and because she, somehow and although very self conscious of her body, always allowed me to do that.

Her name is Jessica, she is 1,80m high (almost my height) and not thin, not chubby, just the right amount of flesh to grab and fondle, her mother used to call it "baby fat", natural brunette with a little longer than shoulder length hair and a good handful of tits (no idea the size)!

These are some my memories of showing her off, always on the Summer (the hot weather helps for it, I guess) - well, in some of the parts I may have gone from real history to wishful thinking, let you decide what is true and what is my imagination... Short stories, no chronological order.

Part 1 - Barcelona trip

In 2009 we went to Barcelona as I got tickets for the opening gig of U2 from the 360 tour at Nou Camp.

We spent a few days in town checking lots of places - las ramblas, Gaudi"s architecture, La Boquera market and so on.

In the morning of the show, we decided to go to the beach - I have done some research and knew that topless and even full naked were normal around some beaches, so I was hoping that Jessica end up showing some extra skin!

While we were riding the metro to Ciutadella Vila Olímpica subway station, she started to complain about the bikini, "it's feeling too tight, around the rib cage, hurting", Jessica said.

"You can always choose not use the top, baby", I've told her immediately, seeing the chance of having her in topless at the beach.

"I might well do that", Jessica replied, leaving me day dreaming with that idea.

After we arrived, we bought some water and walk around the Passeig Maritim (the street along the beach) where she kept fumbling with the bikini top, until finally we have decided to go to Platja del Somorrostro (beach), where some beach umbrellas were available - after all, it was only 10:30 am but already a hot morning near 30 degrees in the end June, summer was coming strong.

We chose an umbrella in a row of 3, about 15 meters from water, that were all empty and spread our towels, still under the sun, and started disrobing. Easy and fast for me: t-shirt off up my head, jeans shorts down leaving me in my bathers, socks out and done, no more than 10 seconds.

For Jessica it was taking a little longer although she didn't have more clothes than me. By the time I was applying my sunscreen, she only had removed the leggings, still fumbling with the bikini under the t-shirt.

I looked to her quizzingly and asked "all ok, love?" but no reply from her.

She was probably debating what to do next.

And then she removed the shirt off and kept fighting with the bikini top. Push here, stretch there, lift here, cover more there - and I kept covering myself with sunscreen and checking her from the corner of my eye, but said nothing.

It was clear that she was debating herself if she should take the top off or not.

At this moment let me tell that every and all the times she did topless in the beach, I was the instigator, the one that pull the ties of the top and even removed it from her.

So, Jessica was in that moment where she realizes that no matter what she does, the top will always hurt her - she raise it a little and show me the ribs cage side and the under a boob, saying: "see?, it's red and marked" and with that she just go with her hands to the back, unfast the top and breathing deeply let it go and pushes it up through her head. Just like that my girlfriend is doing topless for the first time by her own initiative, without me having to push her or do any action! My smile of happiness was just beaten by the hardness on my dick that moment!

Jessica puts the top inside her tote bag, removes the sunscreen bottle, no words spoken but breathing a little faster, making her boobies moving up and down so softly and just so casually starts applying it to her legs, arms, belly and finally an extra attention to her boobies and dark nipples, much more whiter than the rest (white enough, we haven't been to the beach a lot that year yet) but also a little excited by the size of the nipples by now - they were big but when excited they will become longer and rock hard.

Finally Jessica gather courage and tells more to herself than me: "much better, don't know how I didn't realize it was so tight when we bought it - or am I fatter now?" - always that insecurity about her body!

"You look great and never seen you more sexy than now!" I told her.

"As if you don't say that every time you take my top off!" she says with silly smile.

"But that's the point, baby, this time I didn't take it, you did it by yourself!" I said, while lusting for those boobies and watching the umbrella boy approaching from her back as she looked to me with that "yeah yeah I know what you want" face.

"Hola" says the boy, probably about 20, casually talking to us and barely looking to Jessica, until she realizes he is just next to her and raise her arms to cover her boobies.

He then explains the conditions and prices, we managed to rent it until 3pm without chairs. By the end of the conversation, mostly with me, Jessica had lowered the arms but still a little flushed and again breathing faster than before.

Once he is like 10 meters distant, she quickly says non-stoping: "why didn't you told me he was coming?, he checked me, I was so embarrassed! At least I could have lay down on my belly..."

"Relax, Jess, he sees hundreds of boobies every day here! For him it's just another monday in office! And you lowered your arms and pushed your boobies up, I saw it, I'm sure you were also excited after the initial surprise!!" I told her with a sly smile.

Jessica just mumbled something and said "well, if it's to do topless, I may as well take advantage of it..." and with that she rolls over her back, put her sunglasses and gets all the sun she can get on those luscious boobies of her.

Some time later, maybe 20 minutes later, another girl comes to the umbrella next to us. A couple of minutes later another girl and the boy with 2 lounge chairs come by, prepare them and he goes back, leaving just the girls there. They barely look to us but I was checking them while reading my book, Jess was sleeping (or looked like at least). The girls took their clothes off to their bikinis and went to the water for a quick dive. When they return and lay down, both finally look to Jessica in topless, spoke something to each other that I couldn't hear and finally they take their tops off. One of them it's not used to do topless, she has a very deep tan with white boobs and bikini marks, while the other one has a kind of even tan. They lay down for a while and I had a hard time with my eyes flying from Jessica boobs to those two girls boobs! I think I never turned that page of my book for a long time!

Finally I feeling hot from the sun and asked "Jess, wanna come for a dive?". She turned her head to me, thought for a second and told me to alone, she would look for our stuff and will go later. And then she turns over and see the other two girls. "Are they here for a long time?"

"About half hour, baby, why?"

"Oh, i didn't saw they coming, I must slept a little" she said, still yawning. "You go now, I will go after you!" and with that I got up and walked 15 meters in direction of that Mediterranean blue flat sea, warm as expected and very inviting to dive in. So I did, just floating around or occasionally swimming a few strokes and checking who else was on the beach, getting crowded as the morning passed by.

Some people just walking left or right, some more couples, some more groups of friends and a few people alone that I could see around our point.

So I returned to our umbrella and noticed that one of the girls wasn't there and the other just covered her boobies with the bikini. At the same time Jessica seats and starts looking for the top on tote bag, when I ask her "what you're looking for there?" and Jessica replies: "my top, to go for a dive, shouldn't I wear it?" shyly asking me.

"Sure not, why the hell you even ask? I thought it was hurting you, wanna get those deep marks again?" I returned.

"I know it's silly but I never been to water in topless before, baby, you know it," she says.

"Well, today it's a good day for a first time!" and I offer my hand to help raise her.

She took my hand and slowly raised up, and while I layed down she started strolling to the sea, the arms going up and down as she was alone against the world, facing her fears undecided if she should cover her boobies (natural reflex) or let her arms down and let all the eyes check her.

Finally she arrived at the sea line, quickly advancing after that until she was covered safely by the water line, where she stayed just a couple of minutes to refresh before she returns and face all the audience back to our spot.

I still regret why I didn't use my iPhone 3 to record that moment, but I was in awe with my goddess returning, boobies high and balancing each step she takes. Later I realized I didn't take one single photo of that day in the beach! Stupid me!

She arrived, took her towel and again laid down on her back, using her elbows to recline herself checking who was passing but also her boobies.

A few minutes later she lays down, and eventually falls asleep again.

she didn't noticed when another couple passed by us, although I was watching them approaching from my right side, walk past us just 1 meter distance while the guy totally checked Jessica boobies, but also did the girl! They camped in the umbrella on our left and quickly disrobed to basics, him in a speedo and her in a small bikini that she quickly shed the top off too while talking with the boyfriend and pointing to Jess. They do noticed my Jess!

On my side, I was in heaven - not only Jess was in topless but also our new neighbor was too! Not wanting to be too obvious, I adjust myself to my right checking the girls on the umbrella - or actually still only one girl, that was now seated leaning against the thick wood pole of the sun umbrella and removing the top off too! I could watch that glorious moment where the top slowly comes down disclosing the boobies and set them free. I love that moment! I guess she was peer-pressured by Jess and the new neighbor! Later, when her friend returned, she quickly took off her top too and for quite some time, me and the other guy had 4 topless girls around us! Oh so happy moments!

The rest of the time was uneventful, with the girls either laying on their back or their belly but never putting the tops again. The first ones to leave was the pair of girls, although they left their towels there, they must have gone for a quick bite and return later but I never saw them again.

And around 20 minutes later it was our turn to leave too. We still need to have lunch, return to hotel and get ready for the U2's concert at Camp Nou! But Jessica didn't put the top back, "it's going to hurt me again and my t-shirt is dark enough so I don't show my boobies" she said. "Unfortunately", I thought but couldn't say it... Just a simple "Yeah" come out of my lips... But at lunch she was so excited and kept talking about being in topless felt so exciting and of course that once in the hotel room, we quickly striped and end up making love while talking about those more than four hours in the Somorrostro beach. I also tried to persuade Jessica to go to U2 show braless, but no luck there...

Still, I have the best memories of that Barcelona trip!


Memories - Showing Off My Ex Ch. 02

Jessica gets a skirt but needs to do topless next day.

In 2010 I have booked a weekend in a nice hotel in Viana do Castelo, called Flor de Sal, because we used to go to a nearby beach called Amorosa.

We arrived Friday before dinner, did the check-in and after put the all the luggage in the room, we went for a quick snack in the big city mall, buy some food for next day and check the sales.

In the mall we had some fast food dinner, went to supermarket and finally proceed to shopping, just browsing around looking for any opportunity.

After checking some shops, in one Jessica found a jeans skirt, maybe 25cm length, quite short for her standards, but she like it. But it was very expensive for such small amount of fabric, around 80€. She went to try it on and, well, it was amazing on her - she hardly wear skirts but with her long legs that was such a waist, she had legs to die for and that skirt was just perfect fit.

Jessica begged for ir but I wasn't very keen to buy it, so she started to bargain for it: "If you give it to me I'll blow you tonight in the hotel!"

That sounded interesting but I wouldn't give in so easily - and she was kind of horny that day, so I guessed she was already planning on that. Therefore, I raised the stakes: "And you do topless this weekend at beach!'

She got red and a little furious, rolled her eyes and gave me a counter-proposal: "Only tomorrow and you either get me topless or a blow-job tonight, you choose!"

So I did: "That's not fair, should be both days... but if I need to choose, you know what I'm in for... topless tomorrow, for sure!"

"Well, if I find something else I like and you buy it for me, maybe I can consider Sunday topless too...", she said.

"Maybe, no... 1 article, one day, 2 articles, two days! And it's a deal!", I fired back while my dick twitched.

"Yeah, yeah... can be, but only if I find something else I really like", Jessica agreed.

We did roumage around until the shops start to close, but I couldn't convince her to take any second article. Sad... but, at least, I got her to do topless the following day.

Back to hotel, with both excited, we end up making love - and though she did a handjob as part of the foreplay, she didn't suck me. But I did, I do loved her salty taste and when she had her slit trimmed or bald, which she usually had on summer time, I never passed the opportunity to go down on her!

Saturday

After wake-up, we got ready to breakfast and go to the beach, and when I noticed she was putting her bikini top on, I protested: "Hey, you are supposed to be topless today, remember, I wear it?"

"And I will, that's the deal, but doesn't mean I can't wear the top!", she said for my disappointment. I always wish Jessica to go to the beach and leave the top in the hotel, but she never did that. And today wasn't going to be the first time, again.

Later, once we got to the beach, just 15 minutes drive from the hotel, we did the normal walk to the north far end of the beach, past the umbrellas and families zone, more crowded and noisy, and we kept walking north around 10 or 15 minutes to our usual less crowded spot, where people would camp like 20 meters or more from each other, giving everybody some privacy.

We lay down our towels, put the windshield (it can be very windy there) and umbrella and we started stripping our minimal clothes until we get only in our bathers. But Jessica didn't took her top off immediately.

I looked at her with ther expression "What the hell?" and when she saw me, she said: "I said I will do topless and I will, but not yet. It's early and we are staying full day, just hold on your horses!"

Frustrated, I took my book and started reading, always checking her with one eye and around us for neighbors with the other, it's common to do topless in that zone, so I had to be attentive. And not much later, another couple arrived and camped around 15m from us, more close than normal. After all the preparations, their windshield was blocking us to view them, but suddenly I saw a top being thrown and hold on the windshield, half cup to our side, the other half on their protected side. But there was no doubt, the other girl was on topless.

With that I called Jessica to attention telling her she wouldn't even be the first that day (sometime ago I realized that once one woman goes topless, it's easy for others to join) and she didn't reply but as she rolled over on her belly, asked me to put sunscreen on her back.

I happily agreed and getting the bottle, positioned myself next to her and did what I always did first - untied her bikini top removing the straps to the sides, giving me full access to her back and side boobs, and started applying the white cream.

The carrot smell of the sunscreen was very sexy and as I was applying it and having access to most hidden parts under the bottoms or the sides of her boobs, my dick started to come to full attention, showing a nice tent under my loose shorts. Jessica did nothing to stop me touching and every now and then she even made some pleasure noises of the massage and touches I was providing her.

After I finished, she raised on her elbows to get the phone and check some messages and removed the bikini top from under her and with a sly smile, passed it to me, telling "just hang it there on the windshield too, if it gives you pleasure..."

I was in heaven even if she wasn't rolled over yet, but she gave me the top and while she was supported on her elbows her boobies and nipples were on display for me or whoever care to look - though at that moment only the couple nearby could see her if they weren't on the wrong side of their windshield...

About half hour later we heard some noise and both of us looked to the other couple, who had get up and was heading to the sea. But the girl had covered her boobies, sadly.

Jessica noticed too and told me "Seems that she is not so brave, after all...".

"Maybe it's just to have a dive, once she is back to towel probably will remove it again", I commented.

"Well, if she does, I will turn over!", Jessica replied to my delight.

A few minutes later, the couple returned, removed the sand from the towels, drink some water and did all the normal chores we usually do before laying down again, and I was checking them to try to understand if the girl would resume topless or not. I don't need to say that I was in the same page of my book for at least half-hour by now...

And, to my satisfaction and with a big grim, I announced to Jessica, "Look, she is taking it off again, look, she is still standing up" and on that moment Jess turns her head in their direction and sees the girl removing the top and putting back on top of the windshield, before go down and lay on her towel. She was shortie, dark blond with short hair, but had a nice pair of melons and couldn't see a big colour difference from the boobies to the rest of the body - she was a regular doing topless, for sure.

And, as I kept poking Jess, she raises herself again and says "well, a promise is a promise, right?" and with that she rolls over to her front.

I volunteered to apply sunscreen on her puppies but she didn't allow me, taking the bottle and doing a nice massage to herself - and again I had a big tent on my shorts!

Time passed and before lunch, where we had our sandwiches, yogurts and juices bought on the mall's supermarket the night before, she wanted to go for a dive. I never dive in the north of Portugal waters, they are way too cold for me, but Jess likes it. She stand up on her knees, still in topless, and teased me to go with her: "I will go like this if you promise to dive with me, baby" but just the fact of Jess being so casual with her topless scene, when she usually is much more reserved, made my dick raise again, so I had to tell her "I can't go now, look at my tent here" motioning to my obvious hard dick!

"I don't care", she said, "if I can go topless, you can go with your hard-on, you still will show less than me!" she argued back to me.

But I was stupid and passed the opportunity, another thing I regret up till today! If it was today I would even take my shorts off too if that was the price to pay to have Jess topless faraway from the protection of the windshield and towel.

With that Jess put her top back on, went for a dive and once she returned, I had to go again through all the instigation process to have her topless again.

But, eventually, she stayed topless most of the day, even while having lunch, just covered to go to the sea until we returned to hotel by the sunset.

Sunday

We get up late after making love before we go to bed and when we wake up we did it again, a quicky, our hormones were high with all the teasing from the day before. Then we had a strong and nice buffet breakfast, packed our things and did the check-out so we could finally go back to the beach before we go home in the end of the afternoon.

But, being Sunday, even the far end of the beach was much more populated, and though I could see some girls in topless, I didn't managed to get Jess topless all day, except when she was on her belly that she would allow me to untie the bikini straps, but always covering herself before roll over.

Well, I couldn't win always and that saturday is forever cherish as one of the best memories I have from her.


Memories - Showing Off My Ex Ch. 03

Jessica goes to Bayona beach and takes sister and cousin too.

In 2008 we went one day to the beach of Bayona, in Galiza. Usually we get up very early, take snacks for a full day at beach and make about a little more than 1 hour car ride there. Jessica likes there because she don't know anyone there. I like it there because lots of girls go topless, very different from Portugal where only seldom we can find girls doing it.

But that day we weren't alone, like most of the times. Every now and then, we would take with us her older sister Chris or her younger cousin Jenny or even both of them, like today. Chris is as tall as Jessica, but back then skinner then her sister, black curly hair longer than shoulders, nice tits and proud of them, kind of a show-off and not shy as Jess, she was almost my age. She was single for some time since a hard break-up with her high-school boyfriend a few years before - she closed herself to love and took a few years to overcome that. When she joined us we would make heads turn, imagine three +1,80m persons walking together, me in the center and one lady on each of my arms like with did when Chris was in a good mood, unfortunately not that often...

The cousin Jenny is shorter than Jessica and Chris, maybe only 1,70m, blonder with clear blue eyes, very athletic, small boobies but very perky from the exercize she does, a nice shaped ass.

That morning we went early, as we usually do, even if we were four of us, but we have prepared all the logistic from one day in advance and had the food, drinks and all the beach gears ready for a full day of beach. Around 7:30 am I was at Jessica's home (back then Jess and her sister lived with their mother) and her cousin was already there too, she also lived nearby. After packing the car, we left around 8:00 am and arrived to Bayona around 9:30 am but, due to time zone, in Spain was 10:30 am. Nevertheless, the beach was almost empty, the spanish are not an early people!

We choose our usual spot at the beach and spread our towels and beach gears and then started the uneventful disrobing. Her sister had told us before that she used to go topless with the ex-boyfriend, but he was always very jealous of her and according to her story, shortly after she always ended up covering herself again. She also did topless near us a few times on the beach, but always on the other side of the windscreen with special request for me not to check on her, so I really never seen her in topless before - though one of those times she did it was the reason for me to manage to have Jess topless for the first time in her life too, but that's a memory by itself to be told here soon. Her younger cousin never did topless before, at least that she shared the story with me, but there is an interesting memory with her on the first time she went with me and Jess to the beach - and again, I will soon share that memory here too.

So, I wasn't expecting much from that day except having Jess in topless after all the spanish ladies arrive to beach and start to go topless, as most of them do. And, to my surprise, about 1 hour later we arrived, it was Chris who started teasing her sister after a group of 3 girls settled 10 meters from us and, of course, all did topless: "Hey Jess, you're not going topless too?" she throw it to her sister just like that, out of the blue.

Jess didn't respond and Chris insisted, while untying her own top, though she was still on her belly: "Uuuh you are chicken out not going topless? I am doing it! See?"

While Jenny was laughing in the back and I was mouth open surprised with that, when Jess, lying on her back raises her head to look through me to her sister (I was in the middle of them) and rolling her eyes says "this bikini top is a mess to untie, I can't do it by my own and you are not topless, on your back doesn't count!..." and with that I see a chance here to have Jess removing her top and I extend my arm under her back telling her: "I can deal with that, no problems!"

Jess just deep breathes, arches her back up and commented: "Amazing, always my boyfriend the first to expose my boobies out!"

While Jenny was crying with laugh and Chris has a sly victory smile in her face, I was delighted fumbling with the strings of the bikini on the back, first, and on the neck after, until finally both knots are free and when I remove my hand from under, grabbing the string near my side, I push the bikini leaving my ex in topless.

"Ta-dam!" I sing, "There it is, Jess is now truly topless! Who's next?", I tease, wishing that at least Chris rolls over and for the first time goes topless in front of me, breaking that barrier, as Jenny was still holding on to her top even when lying on her back.

"Not now, but who knows if later I don't join club..." Chris says with a pinch of shyness on her voice. Today, I still don't know if this was planned or discussed at home between the sisters or if that original teasing by Chris was a thing of the moment...

And with that, things calm down and everybody gets quiet a for a little time, except my dick under my loose shorts twitching like crazy and my brain trying to find out a way to make Chris roll over to her front without covering herself.

Some time passed, with Jess still being the only one in topless, not counting all the spanish girls arriving alone, in groups of girls, couples or mixed groups of friends that were filling the beach quickly and, of course, most of them in topless, when suddenly Jenny says: "I can't believe this, my mom send me a message about 5 minutes ago saying that my father and her just parked and are going to look for us in the beach! Why are they coming? Can't they leave me alone one day?" she cried out. With that, Jess just had time to grab her folded t-shirt and in a hurry, putting it on top of her boobies, just a few seconds before I can see Jenny's parents emerging from the small dune separating the parking zone from the beach.

It was a awkward moment. Nobody said nothing for a few seconds, but I could see that Jess's aunt noticed that Jessica didn't had the top on - not sure if her uncle also noticed, but in that moment I guess he didn't.

After some greetings, with Jess still holding her t-shirt in front of her boobies, Chris with her bikini top retied and Jenny having some small complains about their coming, her auntie (known for saying things faster than she could think about them) shouts: "Aw so cute, Jess, you are going topless! I wish my boobies were still hanging nice to go along with you! You know I used to it in the 80s even after Jenny was born?" while she was holding her own boobies up and Jess was more red than a tomatoe! Jenny's mouth was thaaaat much open with her mom's statement and her father was coughing, clearly caught up off handed while Chris and me were laughing a lot with all this...

Jess, still holding the shirt and trying to reach her bikini top just said "Ant C, keep your voice down and let me dress up again!"

"No way, you are perfect, if you cover yourself I will take my bikini top off, do you understand?" and with that she just takes her shirt off and realizes she has full swimming suit and laughing continues "or just dropped the these straps down!" while holding them and menacing to lower them right then and there.

Jenny watching her mother almost going topless in front of me shouts "Mom! You can't go topless with Jess's boyfriend here, for Christ sake!"

Which leds her mom to reply "I'm sure he doesn't care or he would not allow Jess to do it too... and by the way, why you two morons [turning and pointing to her daughter and Chris] are not going topless too, like Jess and the rest of this beach?" and with that turning all attentions to Chris and Jenny!

Both of them starting mumbling waiting for the other to say something while Jess is relieved for not being the center of the ongoing drama and uncle is getting closing to me nudging me with his elbow and saying "maybe we should take a walk while they settle all this?"

Hardly, I accepted and while the girls and the aunty kept discussing the situation, I walked away with the uncle though my mind never left our spot wondering what the outcome was. We walked for about 15 minutes to the far end of the beach near the Bayona Camping at Praia da Ladeira, when I finally managed to convince him to return.

When we got close enough to see our spot and the girls there, the windscreen was covering them, all I could see is that nobody was standing, therefore all laying down, so I could not anticipate if her aunty get her point away or not. But finally, when we are just a few meters distante, I could first see Jenny, and even if she was lying on her belly, her top was unfastened. Good start!

As we come even closer to them, Chris is also on her belly and I can't see the top. Getting better... And then both Jess and her aunt, in topless laying on her back! The aunt did it - or almost, Chris and Jenny still not facing up - but it seems that all gang was going topless! Could it be possible that this time I would finally see both Chris and Jenny going topless? I have been lusting for this moment for years!

Of course that I also got to see the aunt, which wasn't my plan nor my dream, though if that's the price to pay... I can cope with that!

"Well, what do we have here?", said the uncle and looking to the daughter more than the wife, maybe a little surprised by both of them going topless.

"F, we are all going topless today, there was no sense of Jess cover up because of us, so I joined her - and then Chris kind of joined too and Jenny was the last after some talking from all of us..." and laughed.

"Papa, no talking, they just grabbed me and mom was the one pushing it! Not my fault!" said Jenny somehow upset for being forced to join the club!

"So you wouldn't be the only misplaced here, cous!", said a laughing Chris while a self conscious Jenny raises just enough to throw the tongue out back to her!

"Don't take me wrong, Jenny, I'm not criticizing it, you are over 18 and I am happy that you follow your mother steps!", said her father.

"Back in the days you weren't so happy when I went topless, F!" replied the mother.

"Just because I was young and naive, but I overgrown it..." shot back the father.

"And look at my boyfriend's smile, he might get a jaw dislocated!" pointed out Jess centering things on me.

"Me? I'm innocent here!" I defended myself knowing it wasn't totally true...

So I lay down next to Jess and eagerly waited for Chris and Jenny to roll over, which would take some time to happen yet.

Only about 15 minutes later uncle F said he was going to buy some cigars and left. In that moment Jess said she need to go for a dive, asking if anyone was joining her. In the beginning nobody was going, so I volunteer myself to go with her though I would only wet my feet. Her aunt said she doesn't like the water and will stay there watching our belongings and started kicking the daughter to go with us.

"Only if Chris goes too", said Jenny, "I will not be the only one on display there!"

And then without saying a word but looking me directly in the eyes, Chris starts getting up from the towel, assuming the topless condition and I finally could see her boobies!

If that moment was good, the next second her cousin Jenny does the same, though still trying to hide her boobies with her arm, quite unsuccessfully for my happiness, and I was finally able to check Jess, Chris and Jenny all topless.

My dick was getting hard and Jess noticed. She came to my ear and told me "you better get in the water too, I can't take care of your hardon now, let cold water works its magic!", and laughing started to move in direction of the sea grabbing her cousin's hand and being followed suit by her sister. I was the last to move being paralyzed by that moment of dream come true.

Later, when we returned to the towels, uncle F was already back there and said nothing about them coming topless from water - truth to be told, he wasn't a talking person, and shortly after, him and aunt C left the beach as they wanna have dinner somewhere special before going home.

So, for the rest of day I was happy, very happy, having my Jessica exposed boobies going topless and with the bonus of finally checking Chris and Jenny's boobies too.

What a memory to remember forever!


Memories - Showing Off My Ex Ch. 04

Jessica goes topless on beach first time in life.

Since Summer of 2000 that we have been going to the beach together and since Winter of 1999, a little after we have started going steady, that Jessica knows my dream of having her going topless on the beach and that's what I have been trying to work on her to achieve. She was shy and not confident at all on her body, so it took me years to develop on her that level of confidence that a woman needs to shed her bikini top off on a public beach.

Back that day in 2006 we went to the beach of Amorosa, in Viana do Castelo, and took Jessica sister Chris and also her mother and one of her anties. That year we did that a lot of the beach weekends but most of them with her mother and also her aunty, which was a pain in the ass, as I wanted to have some quality time with Jessica and not with her full family...

Lately I have been feeling I am close to get my dream of having Jessica going topless closer than ever before, we have been talking a lot and even Chris is somehow helping telling her stories when she went topless before. But having her mom and aunt there will not help, they are too conservative to allow Jess to go topless just like that - and I'm sure Jess will not go topless with them there (Chris may get away with that if she wanted, she is the "crazy" in the family, a younger version of aunt C, mother of Jenny).

It was an eventful day so far when, a little before lunch, both their mom and aunt announced that they will go for their usual morning beach stroll of about 1 hour long, and off they go, leaving us, youngsters, alone in our spot.

As soon as they are far enough from us, Chris gets up and changed her position to other side of windscreen, exposed to the dominant cold winds but protected from my point of view and, different from usual, she leaves her head ahead of the windscreen where she could talk and be seen, only hiding from her neck below. Immediately I can see that she is fumbling with her back and seconds later she exhibit her bikini top and asks Jessica: "You're not going topless? Mom and aunty will be away from 1 hour, I need to work on my tan, you should do it too, you are getting some deep tan lines there..."

My dick was jumping to attention with the bold statement from Chris, helping me pushing Jess to do the same. "Yes, baby, now it's a good opportunity for it! I can keep watching and tell you in advance when they are returning so you can cover..." I added in a confident and excited voice, so close to have Jessica going topless for the first time.

Jess was nervous and looking around, there was some people nearby us, maybe less than 10 meters - when we came with her mother we usually didn't adventure so far north of the beach and always stayed closer to the family part of the beach, more crowded. She then pushes her bikini top a little to the side of her left boobie and can clearly see the tan line from the bikini triangle covering the white boobie.

"See? You really need to work on that, it's not pretty that mark..." I tell her.

"Well, maybe I can try a little" she says with shyness and getting red all over the face. And starts to untie the neck knot of the bikini, while my eyes get bigger anticipating the moment...

And then finally, very slowly, she lowers the bikini top until her nipples show up and finally the full boobies are on view. Though she didn't remove it, just roll it down to the middle of the belly, that was a moment I have been waiting for a few years already, oh happy day!

Her sister has her eyes closed, but a guy in a nearby towel, alone, sees her and have a broadly smiling. But not more than me, for sure. I managed for her to agree posing for some photos, that moment needs to be immortalized!

Amazingly, Jess actually stays like that for about half hour, then she gets nervous that her mom and aunt may return and ends up covering herself. Chris, still facing up (though the head was all I could see from her) looked like sleeping. Jessica, after wearing the bikini top, calls for her: "Chris, Chris!" she yells, "You better cover yourself before mom and aunty returns."

Mumbling some protests, I can see Chris reaching her bikini top and after some movements, she emerges from the back of the windshield, fully dressed.

About 10 minutes later, her mother returns with her aunty and for a few hours all I could do is to check the camera every now and then and pray for them to leave us alone again for another walk. Which didn't happen until it's about 4:30pm, when they ask us if any of us want to go for another long walk.

As we all reject to go along, they depart and just a few minutes later I start untying Jessica's bikini top while she was laying down on her belly, without any protests. Once finished on her back, I also untie the neck. "Why don't you go topless again a little more, baby? You still need a lot of time..." I tell her.

"Aw, I don't know... I feel embarrassed..." she replies, and looking around she adds "That guy over there on my right is already checking me!"

I take a glimpse and check him, it's the same guy from the morning. "He already seen you this morning, Jess, so why bother... come on, you can do it, and I will be the proudest guy in this beach!" I reassure her.

"Chris..." she calls, "you're going topless?" she asks her sister, as she was sleeping and unaware of what was going on.

"Wow! You want to go for it all the way, little sis?" Chris opening her mouth not believing what she is hearing, Ï can't believe it!"

"Chris, she already went in the morning, nothing new here!" I tell her.

As Jess gets reddish, Chris picks her things and goes to the back of the windshield again (damn!) and a few seconds later she is showing us her top again: "There you go! Your turn!" she says.

And slowly, like if the world was running out of battery and getting motionless, Jessica starts rolling for the first is really going topless, her top is laying down under back, on the towel, while her boobies are facing up, defying the laws of gravity standing still and pointing up, perky and rock hard nipples.

Her sister screams "Yeah! Go go go!" and my dick, under my shorts, gets immediately hard with this new attitude of my ex, long time wished for me to happen!

They both stayed topless for about 30 minutes when I saw the mom and uncle, still farway, returning and warn them.

Jessica urgently puts her bikini top on again, flushed with the hurry. I couldn't help to let go a sly smile with that, so sly as the guy on our right that could clearly see my ex two times going topless that day (though, just like me, he couldn't see Chris too, obstructed by the windshield).

But Chris, on the other hand, just rolled to her belly and stayed with her bikini top untied when they arrived.

"Chris, you dirty girl, where the hell you think you are exposing yourself like that?" immediately shouts the mother.

"Mom, shush, quiet! I am just make my back tan even!" she says.

"Don't you dare roll over, I know you are crazy enough for that... why can't you be like your sister?" mom says - I wish she could see the photos from my camera that moment, while the guy on our right was laughing hard...


