Katiebug And Jim Visit Paris
by LisaCass

A surprise performance with Katie as the star.

An afternoon on the train from London to Paris gave Katie a sense of peace and relief. After the recent events at the family farm in England, she couldn't wait for a vacation away from all those judging eyes.

A video had hit the internet of her hook up with Dave. One of the unsuccessful bidders had snuck around the back of the house and videoed the entire event. Everyone in town knew what happened and even though they would never admit it to her face, had seen Katie in all her glory. Most even had copies saved for future reference.

That was bad enough, but she also had to endure an evening with the couple that had caught her and Jim in the field a few days before that. The husband couldn't stop staring at Katie's every move and his wife was equally as interested. Rumor was, they were swingers and Katie just knew they were scoping them out for a future swap.

Katie slept most of the trip but as the train pulled into the Paris station her energy returned. Almost like an audience, several of the passengers took notice as she came to life with excitement and watched the American tourist with amusement. Little did she know, later that evening, Jim planned to have her cum for a different audience as well. They disembarked and headed straight for the hotel to shower and change. Jim had front row tickets for the Crazy Horse Saloon downtown and it was amateur night. A minor detail he had conveniently forgotten to mention to Katie when he planned the evening.

Katie was instructed to wear her little black dress with the string back and no panties. Jim had told her if the show was really hot, he was planning for his fingers to do a little dance of their own. While the possible exposure worried Katie, excitement stirred within and she had to concentrate and be careful not to soil her dress as they left for the show.

When they arrived, just as Jim expected, they were seated in the front row center booth just inches from the stage. Katie looked around and thought to herself this didn't look like the pictures in the brochure. The name of the club was in French but she was expecting someplace this famous to be a bit nicer. Promptly a waiter appeared with a bottle of champagne and two glasses. He poured them each a glass and left a small box on the table in front of Jim. Jim peeked inside and as Katie leaned over to look he promptly closed the box and said it's a surprise gift for later.

Katie quickly forgot about the box as Jim raised his glass in a toast. "To an evening of fun and adventure". Katie raised her glass and followed Jim's lead, "Cheers" or bottoms up. The sparkling liquid went down easy and warmed her belly. Jim quickly filled their glasses again and said, "One more to get the night started right". Katie obliged, this time the warmth rose to her face and began to relax her. Katie knew she couldn't drink too fast or she'd be out like a light and miss the show. Jim knew there was no chance of that since she was the show, but didn't know it yet.

The lights dimmed and two beautiful ladies appeared on stage. They were scantily clad in sheer lingerie that really left nothing to the imagination. Katie watched intently as they began to kiss and caress each other. Being bi, Katie was immediately turned on by the action on stage and felt her pussy starting to get wet. Jim poured Katie a third glass and placed it in her hand. Without really thinking she downed it too without being prompted. She was too engaged with the girls on stage to feel the effects of the champagne and hardly noticed as Jim slid closer and wrapped his arm around her waist.

His other hand on her thigh did get Katie's attention and as she turned to face Jim, he gave her a deep passionate kiss. As the kiss continued Jim's hand slid between her legs and under the short dress. As he brushed her clit with his finger, she began to half kiss, half moan, oblivious to anyone else in the room. As Jim broke the kiss her eyes refocused on the girls. A bed had appeared on stage and both girls were intertwined in the middle. Their lingerie was clearly having difficulty staying in place as they continued to play on the bed.

Katie was mesmerized by the scene unfolding in front of her. The taller girl had definitely taken charge, pulling the others top aside and latching on to the protruding pink nipple with her mouth. Fingers crept under the waistband and the 2nd girl arched her back as they found their target. The show continued as the taller girl worked her fingers until the petit one could resist no more and an orgasm washed over her. As the crowd applauded the tall girl stood up and began to address the crowd as the other girl gathered her clothes and slipped backstage.

She introduced herself as Evette and began her speech by waving her arms at the booths in the front row. Katie understood a little French but most of what she was saying was beyond her comprehension. The champagne was not helping matters and Evette's gorgeous half naked body strutting up and down the stage was adding to Katie's distraction. As if on cue all the men in the front row, including Jim reached inside the box and retrieved the gift they were given on arrival. A small colored ribbon, Katie's was pink. Each of the men tied the ribbon around their partners neck as a giant colored wheel was brought from behind the curtain. It had ten colored panels, each one matching the color of a ribbon. The tall girl gave the wheel a spin and low and behold the marker landed on pink.

Evette scanned the room and locked eyes with Katie as soon as she saw the pink ribbon. In her current state, Katie just smiled and stared back as Evette crossed the stage and stepped down in front of Jim and Katie's table. She reached out and took Katie's hand and beckoned her up on stage. Katie looked over at Jim and saw him smiling from ear to ear. What was happening, why was she being led up on stage. The crowd applauded as she reached the center and Evette asked her name. The lights were bright and she really couldn't see the people in the crowd. Katie looked hard in the direction of her table for Jim to no avail. Evette continued to speak to Katie but the champagne clouded her ability to comprehend even simple French and she just nodded her head and smiled.

That's when Evette kissed her hard on the lips. Her arms wrapped around Katie's tiny frame and almost lifted her off her feet in the embrace. Katie would have normally been shocked but the alcohol had done its trick. She simply slumped into Evette's embrace, oblivious to the onlookers and kissed Evette back with equal passion. As with the other girl, Evette had taken charge and almost carried Katie over to the bed.

As she held her up, Evette's hand slid down Katie's back to the hem of her little black dress and slowly lifted the silky fabric till her cute little ass was exposed for all to see. Evette was especially pleased to see no panties. She was going to enjoy devouring every inch of this sweet American tourist.

As Katie reclined on the bed the crowd went silent and the lights dimmed. Knowing she was an amateur they didn't want to startle her into reality. Everything was being set to help her relax as Evette began her seduction. It started with more kisses, slow sensual ones as Evette's hands began to explore Katie's body. Slipping under the dress here and there. Squeezing a nipple, massaging her inner thighs. Evette's lips moved to Katie's earlobe and down to her neck. Lingering along the nape and along her shoulder all the while her hand slowly exposing a nipple.

Katie never really noticed her dress was undone until Evette's lips moved from her neck down her chest and crossed over to engulf the exposed nipple. The tender sucking and nibbling had Katie on cloud nine. She didn't remember where she was or that dozens of strangers were watching her every move. Evette's hand, that had been resting between Katie's thighs, began to inch upward spreading her legs gently. Katie felt a soft breeze flow over her mound, it was the only indication that the hem of her dress was now up about her waist as Evette's fingers traced her slit.

Gracefully Evette parted her lips and exposed her clit. The cool breeze again stimulated her senses and the juices began to flow stronger. One finger moving in a circular motion was the beginning of Katie's first massive orgasm. As she began to relax Evette slid two fingers inside and a third, wet with Katie's juices, began to massage her rosebud simultaneously. The second orgasm was even stronger than the first and peaked when Evette slid the third finger in her tight little ass.

Now it was Evette's turn for some attention. She lifted Katie up and slid the dress over her head. Katie's heels had long since fallen to the stage leaving her completely naked. Evette stood up and shed her one piece outfit in a single swift move. She reached forward for Katie's head and slowly pulled it into her crotch. Katie knew what to do and her long tongue began to work up and down Evette's lips, brushing her clit with each pass. It was all a dream come true for Jim, he couldn't believe how amazing it was to watch his girl onstage in front of strangers.

Evette let out a little moan and shuddered,

signaling Katie had accomplished her task. As she lay back on the bed to relax, Evette reached into a pouch on the side and pulled out a massive strap on black dildo. Katie hadn't even opened her eyes when Evette climbed on the bed behind her and lifted her hips into the air. Face down, ass up as the dildo was lodged into Katie's waiting pussy.

Katie squealed with surprise and delight as the huge back dildo filled her completely. Evette showed no mercy either, thrusting it deeper and deeper causing Katie's third orgasm of the performance. As she continued to thrust Evette reached forward and grabbed Katie's hair forcing her up on all fours. What she saw then, shook her to the bone. The lights had been raised and standing in front of the bed was a tall muscular black man, totally naked and stroking a 10"' cock.

At the site of this, Jim started to rise up and object but two burley bouncers standing directly behind his booth grabbed his shoulders and forced him back down. One of the men leaned forward and whispered in Jims ear, "Relax, the show must go on".

As the black man approached, Katie began to shake in fear. This was not what she wanted, especially in front of Jim and a bunch of strangers. Evette leaned over and kissed the back of her neck and assured Katie she wouldn't be hurt and that Alex was only going to have a little fun with her.

This did nothing to calm Katie down as the 10" cock was suddenly thrust into her gaping mouth.

Evette continued to ride her ass while Alex fed Katie his massive cock. A proper spit roasting if there ever was one. She was barley able to catch her breath when Alex would pull back before the head filled her throat again and again. The effects of the champagne had worn off by now and Katie was fully aware of the audience watching her get railed. There were signs at the door, no cameras, but that didn't seem to stop anyone as she saw phone after phone snap pictures of her performance. Even the bed began to rotate giving everyone a better view.

Finally Evette withdrew the dildo and Alex allowed Katie to collapse on the bed. For the first time Katie had a clear view of the front row. Each girl was in some level of disarray. Either partially or completely exposed while their partners added to their visual stimulation with agile fingers, lips, and tongues. Evette's part of the show was complete and she bowed to thunderous applause. As she slipped behind the curtain Alex rounded the bed and crawled on top of Katie. She tried to resist but it was a token attempt. Whether she secretly wanted Alex to continue, or was just too tired to keep protesting wasn't clear, but she soon relaxed and allowed Alex to slide between her legs.

Jim watched in horror as Alex began to kiss and caress Katie, and as far as Jim could tell, Katie was responding. Alex reached down and guided the head of his cock into Katie's pussy. As he slowly stroked deeper it was clear Katie was having difficulty accommodating Alex's length and girth. He took his time, stroke after stroke, inching deeper as Katie loosened up to accept him. When Alex's balls finally bounced of Katie's ass, Jim knew Alex was completely inside his girl.

As his arms engulfed Katie's head, a steady rhythm became evident. It started slow, but progressively increased. Alex's firm ass rising up and down plowing his cock deep into Katie's womb. Katie's eyes rolled back in her head. She had never felt anything like this before, not with Dave, and certainly not with Jim. It was all she could do just to hang on, wrapping her arms and legs around Alex's toned body she felt the orgasm building. That relentless pounding that was slamming her cervix. A feeling she had never encountered before. When it came, it came in wave after wave of near convulsions. Katie had never cum so hard in all her life. It felt like minutes, not seconds of ecstasy as Alex continued his pace. She knew he was getting close as he clenched his cheeks and made one final push. The head actually pushed past her cervix and deposited his load directly into Katie's womb. She could feel each surge of hot cum flowing deep inside her. It seemed like gallons were deposited before Alex finally relaxed and slid off to the side.

The whole time cameras continued to record the main event and Katie knew the pictures would make their way to the internet just as Dave's video did. She looked over at Jim, he seemed almost as spent as Katie with tears in his eyes. The fact that this was all his doing, and that he thought that Evette was the whole show, was devastating. Katie wasn't sure either of them would ever be the same.

Katie rose from the bed, put on her dress and returned to the booth with Jim. Another act entered the stage, three men in thongs began dancing and swaying to a hip hop beat. All Katie and Jim could do was stare at each other until a familiar sound broke their trance. Once again the wheel was spinning to choose the color of ribbon for the next performance. As the ticking slowed, curiosity got the best of Katie and she had to look and see who would be next on stage. As the wheel stop, the audience roared. Katie's eyes instantly shot wide open and her jaw hit the floor, "Pink Again".
