My Secret 

The guy across the road has a routine of getting naked and masturbating in his front living room which is overlooked by my bedroom window. I am certain he does it deliberately to be watched but he is very discreet and never looks up or notices me watching. He doesn't flash himself or anything like that but why else would he do that with the curtains open unless he wants an audience? The first time I saw him was an accident. I just went upstairs into my room one time and there he was reclining on his settee naked. At first his penis was flaccid and he seemed to be flicking round on his TV remote paying no attention at all to me being there. I realised he might be embarrassed if he saw me looking so I ducked out of view. I stood back in my room and switched off the light. After five or ten minutes he started touching himself and playing with it. I stood in the darkness and watched it slowly get bigger and I noticed how big his balls were when he lifted them up in the cup of his hand. My face went red and I was starting to drip. He was getting more and more aroused and excited and sure enough he was soon clutching a full erection which throbbed when he let go of it. I got a good look at his hairy swollen genitals in a state of sexual arousal and my head was starting to spin with it all. I’ve had sex before but I never really looked at a man’s firm erect penis properly the way I was able to with him. My body was responding inappropriately and I found myself getting agitated and sexually excited. It felt wrong that he can arouse me so strongly and forcefully. I have had normal sex which didn’t get me this wet or make me feel so excited. I watched as he started a piston action with his hand simulating sexual intercourse and as I looked on I started to feel like he was actually inside my hole pumping with his penis. My vagina muscles were contracting rhythmically in time with his masturbation and I could feel my fluids dripping out of me, warm and wet in my groin. My erect nipples were really sensitive and hurting against the fabric of my cotton top and I was compelled to remove it exposing my naked firm breasts which I did urgently so not to miss too much of the show. I hastily removed my joggers and panties so they didn't get too messy with all these vaginal fluids escaping from me. As I stood there in the darkness, naked and hot I had no choice but to touch myself between my legs and get some sort of relief from this strong overwhelming need for some physical contact in my engorged and soaking genitals. My vision was glued onto his athletic naked body and his strong hand clutching his penis and as I watched the action of his powerful arm muscles he speeded up and shortly after some white sperm fluid squirted from the deep red swollen tip of his throbbing, pumping erection and landed with a splurge on his belly. He unhurriedly squeezed his penis to extract every last drop and it was all on his belly in a puddle which he then flipped onto his fingers and he put it to his mouth followed by slowly licking it all off onto his tongue before swallowing it all down his throat. I found this so very erotic and unbelievably disgusting at the same time I had an orgasm with wonderful and fantastic feelings I’ve never had before, much better than masturbating myself alone in the usual way. It seemed like I was having naked sex with the man across the road because he secretly shared such private intimacy and total sexual indulgence with me. I would like to sit naked with him and watch him close up so we can also talk and discuss these feelings together because I want to know how it feels to be a man making myself ejaculate like that and also with somebody watching me doing it. I wouldn't want sex with him but I really don't think that's what he wants either. I think he enjoys knowing he has shared his very personal moments with me. I would like him to watch me masturbating naked and exposed and getting myself aroused I think he would want to masturbate while he watched me doing that to myself. I am planning a way so he can watch me without me letting on I know and I am dreaming of doing such filthy disgusting things to myself if he is watching me.

My Secret Pt 2 

Three weeks ago I moved my bed so that it is in view to the man across the road if he looks from his bedroom window. I have made it so the pillow is out of view and I can lie on my bed with everything showing except for my head and face. On the wall I have hung a small mirror with a fancy artistic frame so it doesn’t look like a mirror and I can see across to his bedroom window in it. Every evening I have left the bedroom light on so he can see the bed every time he goes in his bedroom. When I go to bed I close my curtains first before undressing to keep my modesty intact. Sooner or later when all the conditions are perfect I am going to expose myself lying on the bed naked but I haven't really worked out exactly how to make it look innocent and accidental yet but there must be a way.

Last Saturday night it all fell into place. I invited some friends around for an evening of fun and drinks and I made sure I stayed fairly sober while my friends got drunk and rowdy with my idea being to make some noise when they left and so around 1 a.m. they left and I helped to make some noise by shouting my goodbyes to them in the street, sure enough the man across the road came to his window and peeped out of the curtains to see what all the racket's about. I had deliberately left my bedroom light on and the curtains open so he can see into my room.

I went upstairs as soon as the last of my friends was gone and I could see there was a gap in his curtains big enough for him to look through. How can I know if he's looking or not? Leaving my curtains open I undressed and clambered onto my bed. Resting my head on the pillow I am naked on my bed with my back to him and my face hidden from his view I am checking out his window in the mirror. I can't see much point in doing anything unless he is watching so I just laid there for ages looking at the curtains across the road. After about half an hour I see the gap is widened a bit, or am I imagining it? After another ten minutes I see a light come on faintly which I think must be his bathroom light just visible through the gap. Staring hard into the semi darkness I see the light go out and the bedroom light comes on and the next thing I see is him open the curtain a fair way and now he stands there taking in a good look at my nudity. Knowing he is looking at me instantly gets my heartbeat racing and my pulse rising. I can feel my heart pumping in my chest and the rush of excitement is incredible. I shift my body a little to show him that I am not asleep because I don't want him to give up too soon but I also know from watching him in his room it will be a bit obvious if I start anything too soon. I keep making little movements and that seems to hold his interest as he remains at his window watching me. After a while I roll over to face him so he can see my front exposed including my breasts with their stiffened nipples, my trim belly and my delta of pubic hair between my thighs. I make out like I am innocently scratching my leg and then slowly I move my hand up into my groin. I am trembling with excitement now and I can see he has removed his pants and is wearing just an open shirt and he is massaging his penis. That is what I hoped for and it urges me on so I spread my legs apart as slowly as I can bear to and start to softly rub my whole pubic area with the palm of my hand while knowing he is looking on and touching his penis. i wonder how hard it has become at this point. My juices are flowing and my groin area is burning up. I want to show him everything and so I slide sideways and lift up my right leg so he can see the entire exposure of my private intimate sexual places which I am now fingering with my hand glistening in the light with my copious outflow of love dew. I bring my right hand round the back of my right thigh and wetten it in the juice from my soaking thigh and I insert my finger into my anus which rejects it at first but I have to consciously allow myself entry to this forbidden hole in my body. The feeling of my finger in my anus is exquisite and delightful, the palm of my left hand is furiously rubbing my hard little clitoris and I want nothing more right now than to feel a solid hard cock totally stuffing my vagina but the next best thing I have to hand is the handle of my hairbrush and so grabbing that I thrust it into my sopping hole and ram it in and out while my right hand is still fingering my bumhole and my buttocks all in full view of the man across the road who I don't forget for one second is watching all this filthy self abuse from his bedroom window with his penis in his firm grip. I soak my hand with my love juice and then bring it up to my breasts and smear my pussy cream all over my breasts and nipples which arouses me so much I almost orgasm but mostly because I know I am being watched in secret by the man across the road. Eventually I throw all caution to the wind and I swing my body round to face his window with my head hanging over the edge away from his view and bringing both my knees up and spreading my legs as far wide as I can he now has a complete view of all my genitals and my anus and buttocks all fully on show for him to stare at from his window and I bet his penis is about to explode by now and I imagine him cumming into his hand and licking it off to swallow it while he's staring at my total exposed vagina with the lips swollen and apart showing him the inner parts of my red and swollen juicy lovehole. Knowing he is watching me perform such private and secret actions is giving me overwhelming feelings and being exposed so fully and completely an image comes into my mind that he is ejaculating sperm from his hot throbbing cock and I try to imagine what it tastes like but the images in my head start me trembling and juddering into my own climax and soon enough I am shaking out of control and gushings of juice flood from my gaping open slit in full view of the man across the road secretly spying on me being a filthy slut for myself in my bedroom.
