He did not look out of the window any more.

Which was why when there was a knock at the door, Snape was surprised in a barely-buttoned shirt, with his hair tied back and splattered in magnolia paint. Had he thought it would really be Potter, he would not have answered the door in that manner, which Snape reflected would have been a shame considering the effect it seemed to have on him.

Harry blinked, stared at the triangle of neck and chest on display, and swallowed.

"Yes?" he said, and Harry blushed.

"Oh, um, Molly made you some soup," he said, and shook himself. He held out a flask.

"I wonder if she thinks I don't cook," mused Snape. "I suppose you'd better come in."

"You're not busy, are you?"

"I'm painting the upstairs rooms," said Snape.

"Mrs Weasley told me you were moving out," he said. "Where to?"

"Nowhere, at the moment."

"Ah," said Harry, "Me too."

"Would you like a drink?" said Snape, painfully aware that politeness did not suit the pair of them. Harry grinned.

"Only if you're making one," he said.

"I'll make tea," said Snape. He retreated to the kitchen.

Potter followed, leaning on the door frame. He looked good, in low-slung jeans and a white shirt, smiling without the slightest appearance of nervousness, which was more than Severus could do.

"Need a hand?" he asked.

"Not especially," said Snape shortly.

"Am I bothering you?" he said.

"No."

"Then have I done something wrong?"

"Of course not," snapped Snape. "For once."

Potter grinned, but it was a doubtful grin.

"Am I disturbing you?"

"Immensely," said Snape. "But you have done ever since you came into this world, so I would not trouble yourself."

Potter smiled, even more unsure.

"I know at the Ministry, we said... well, that we'd be friends," he said. "But... did you mean it? Do you want to be? properly I mean. Because I've been thinking, and you've never really... said anything. Nice. And I'm worried that I'm reading this whole weird thing between us that isn't even there. Do you even like me?"

Snape stared.

"I –" he began, and hesitated. "We have a long history. I would not be here if not for –"

"Oh," interrupted Potter coldly, "I see."

"What do you see?" said Snape.

"I've helped you. So you put up with me trying to be friendly. God, I should have known I'd get it completely wrong."

Potter turned. Snape caught his arm.

"Potter," he growled. "I did not mean I feel in your debt. Of course I –"

"Like me?" said Potter, and the hope in his voice shattered something in Snape.

"Yes, I bloody like you, Potter, it should be blindingly obvious that I do given how I have had ample reason to strangle you and have not done so. Now don't ever expect to hear it again."

"Once was enough," said Potter, and pulled him forward against his lips.

At first Severus could not, dared not react. Then the weeks of wanting, years of imagining resolution, seemed to shatter into something that made perfect sense. Snape growled, and pushed Potter back against the door frame, devouring what he'd been fighting for too long, taking what he wanted for as long as it was his.

Potter moaned, pleasure and desperation, and Snape's whole body seemed to flush at the thought that the boy could actually want this, want him, old and bitter and scarred where he was wide-eyed perfection. It seemed wrong, filthy, to be running his hands over him, feeling the arch of his back and the twitch of his hips, but nothing had made so much sense in years and he did not know how to stop.

Potter gasped for breath against him, and Snape stepped back, horror and wanting and fear clenching his chest tight. Potter looked at him, glazed and confused, and Snape backed away into the lounge.

"I'm sorry," murmured Harry behind him.

"Don't be absurd," snapped Snape.

"I thought I was going mad, you know," he said, sliding onto the seat next to him, pulling his knees up. "When you woke up, and you were the same but different, like you might have been holding back for once, and I started liking you, feeling... like it was good to have you around. And I never had any worries with Ginny, I was sure, I would have married her and joined the Aurors like she expected and we would have had lots of children and I have no idea whether that would have made me happy or not, but imagining it made me happy. But then you told her what you thought and it obviously made sense to her, then you told me what you thought and God... it was like flicking a switch and everything in the world seemed a little bit clearer."

"You should know by now, Potter, I am always right," he said, and though there was a note of shellshock in his voice, it sounded enough like his normal self that he relaxed a little.

Potter laughed.

"Then you and Charlie, that was a whole other switch," said Potter wryly. "You had... well, you were hot together. And I would never have thought something like that about you before."

"Nor I you," said Snape.

"But you do now?"

Snape gave him a look.

"Considering I genuinely entertained the notion of fucking you against a door frame not two minute ago, I'm not sure I need to answer that question," he said, and he'd meant to horrify but Harry's eyes lidded.

"Oh," he said softly. "Oh. Well, maybe you should have," he said.

"Hardly a practical position," said Snape, smirking through his panic, and Harry grinned. Then he looked unsure.

"So, is that all it is? You started seeing me differently too?"

"Define 'differently'," said Snape.

"Well, sexually," said Potter, and to his credit only blushed a little.

"That certainly comes into it," said Snape, and obviously this was the right thing to say as Harry smiled.

"What else comes into it?" he said.

"Is this an inquisition, Potter?"

"No," he said, laughing. "It's alright, I'll talk, and you can either agree or tell me I've gone mad."

"Very well," said Snape, uneasy and frustrated.

"I like talking to you," he said. "It feels like maybe we agree on a lot more than we imagined, like things seem to resolve themselves a little more each time, and that maybe if we keep talking it will get to a point where it'll be really good. I don't always understand you, you confuse me to hell in fact, but every time I think I do get something it makes me glad to know you. And it's like... you look the same, you can still be mean, you're still defensive and petty and everything else, but I dunno... I can't imagine why I didn't notice before how much that isn't all of you." A short pause, and a wry grin Snape found enchanting despite himself. "And you're hot."

"You clearly have gone mad," he said eventually, and was shocked at how much he regretted the hurt on Harry's face, though he'd not meant it that way. "But I understand," he added, and Potter looked relieved.

"So... what now?" he said.

"You are mad if you think I know," said Snape, in agonies of awkwardness that were unpleasantly reminiscent of his younger years.

"Can I kiss you again?" said Harry, not quite what Snape had been thinking, but it rapidly seemed like a good idea as Harry scrabbled closer, pink lips coming to meet with Severus's unconsciously angled jaw. Potter caught him by the hair, not a trace of the coy child he'd imagined, and Severus allowed rather than participated. Then instinct seemed to kick in, and he pulled Potter close; Potter wriggled, sliding his knees either side of Snape, and when Severus caught Harry's bottom lip between his teeth, Harry moaned and pressed closer. Severus groaned, and ground his hips, and suddenly it was a fight against a desire that threatened to overwhelm him, to rub and touch and kiss this boy until he came. He resisted the the urge to tear Harry's shirt and run his nails over the perfect skin. Harry had only asked for a kiss – this was –

Potter seemed to be untroubled by the direction his request was going. He slid hot hands under Snape's shirt, still gasping into the kiss, and when Snape reciprocated Harry smiled against his lips and pulled Snape's shirt open with a scattering of buttons.

Severus pulled away a little, catching his breath. Potter stared at him with red lips and wide eyes, and smiled.

"Potter..." started Snape.

"Harry," he corrected. "And whatever you're going to say is probably not important."

To emphasise his point, he slid a hand between them and rubbed the front of Snape's trousers. Snape groaned, whatever objections he might have had vanishing from his head, crushed by the weight of his sudden, desperate need.

Harry made a noise of satisfaction, and Snape punished him for his cheek with a harsh kiss. His hands roamed to the waistband of his jeans, fingers tracing over the zip, trailing along the edge of his boxers and pulling his hips close.

Harry pressed back, eager and obedient, and Snape was filled with the heat of realisation – Harry was at his disposal. Harry wanted him, as keenly as he wanted Harry, and there was very little in Snape's mind that he could imagine refusing Harry now.

"What?" murmured Harry, when Snape went still.

"What do you want?" he murmured, and was surprised at how it came out, throaty and low. Potter's eyes closed.

"God, I –" he said, and Snape undid the buttons of his jeans.

"That," he said emphatically, and Snape could not repress a smirk. "Oh..."

Snape slid a hand into Harry's underwear and wrapped a hand around him. Harry moaned on top of him, debauchery incarnate, and Severus could barely endure the desires he had now. He wanted to come – he wanted Harry to come – he wanted to pin the boy down and fuck him – he wanted Harry never to move from his lap –

He pulled Harry's trousers and boxers down. Potter watched, serious and wanting, and Severus found the strength to rein himself in; he trailed his fingers teasingly up Harry's inner thigh and cupped him, studying every inch of Harry's face as he slid one finger to his perineum.

Harry's eyes closed. Snape leant up to capture those swollen lips once more.

"God," breathed Harry against them, grinding against Snape's bare stomach. "Do you want to –"

"My question exactly," murmured Snape, trying for smooth but managing a low growl. He traced a gentle circle over his hole.

"Oh," said Harry, hips twitching. "Yeah, I want to."

Snape swallowed. He wordlessly summoned a bottle of oil form his bedroom; it flew into his hand as Harry scrabbled to kick his trousers away. He poured a liberal amount into his palm and wrapped his hand around Harry once more.

"Oh," he moaned, and Snape felt he might go mad, watching this, feeling this. He slid a finger back to Harry's hole and stroked, teased, unwilling to take it for granted that he really meant it.

Potter bit his lip and writhed, legs opening wider. Potter caught him by the hair and kissed him desperately, and Snape slid a finger inside.

He had to pause a moment, to absorb the sensations running though him. Harry Potter, bright and beautiful and infuriating and charming and oh-so-innocent, was kneeling on top of him, writhing against the finger fucking him as though he were meant to be there. It was though anything he might have cared about before now paled into insignificance at the sight. Severus could barely recall what he was supposed to be doing.

"Oh, fuck, please," said Harry, and Severus added a second finger as though it had been a command. This was unendurable, he could not do this, he could not stay so restrained, yet he never wanted to stop. He twisted his fingers and twitched when Harry jolted.

The time seemed to stretch into an age, every sensation vivid torture, the look on Harry's face burning into his vision as he watched it, waiting for the time when he saw complete readiness. Then Harry opened his eyes, wide and pleading, and Severus knew he could not wait another second.

He unbuckled his belt and wrapped an oily hand around himself. Harry's eyes were wide and wondering, and he moved eagerly when Severus positioned his hips. A moment, a horrible, fearful moment when all his fear and reason reasserted itself, then Harry leant forward and kissed him harshly, scolding and persuasive, and bore down. Snape gasped, and Harry too with less pleasure to it, and Snape tried to pull back but was met with a steadying hand and a smile against his lips. A gentle movement, and it was torturous, overwhelming, unbearable if not for the hips he scrabbled to hold, the lips still pressed sloppily to his.

Then Harry's face was drawing away, and tight heat was engulfing him entirely. Severus did not want to open his eyes, did not want to acknowledge his shaking limbs and the beautiful boy in front of him, could not bear to acknowledge that he'd surrendered to his enemy, that he wanted it, and that worst of all, there was a chance it would all be snatched away again.

He dug his nails in, and opened his eyes. Potter was smiling, eyes dark, arching and beautiful, and Severus wanted to wipe the pleased expression away, make it give way to the whirling emotion that engulfed him now. He twitched his hips and Harry gasped, and that was enough; he pulled Harry closer, feet finding purchase on the carpet as he drew his hips away and snapped them back up. Potter groaned in his ear, hands clutching his shoulders, moving to meet the building thrust of his hips, his erection pressed hotly against Snape's stomach. Through a burning haze, Severus thought to wrap a hand around him, and though the grip was awkward it took only a few moves of his hand to have Harry stiffen and shudder against him, crying out softly. It was too much to bear – a few quick, awkward thrusts and he was coming, harder than he had in a very long time, hard enough to turn his vision to static.

Severus sat in shaking silence for a long moment, holding on too tightly to the boy on top of him, aware that he was clinging but unable to let go just yet. To let go was to acknowledge what he'd done. And that it was over.

Harry turned his head on Snape's shoulder a little, pressing closer to his neck. Severus had adjusted his head accommodatingly before he'd had time to think. He loosened his grip on the boy's torso.

"Never done that before," Harry murmured, and Snape went rigid.

"Done what?" he murmured, not wanting to assume. After all, the boy had been out in the world for months, finding himself... he'd been clubbing, he'd have picked up dozens of pretty boys by now...

"That. Sex," said Harry. "Or, you know, that specific act. Hermione says it's silly not to count other things as sex, I mean..." He looked at Snape and trailed off. "Is that a problem?"

Severus shifted Harry up and to the side, casting a silent cleaning charm. Harry propped his head up on his elbow, facing Snape, apparently untroubled by his mostly-naked appearance and the fact that he'd just had his virginity taken.

"It's a problem," said Snape, irritated that his voice was rough and his brain was lust-addled, "Because it is yet another indicator of your complete lack of sanity. Why didn't you tell me? I should have – I would have –"

"Said no? Not much of an incentive for me to mention it, is it?" He grinned cheekily. Snape pulled up his trousers, suddenly acutely aware that his living room had windows.

"I should not have done that," he said, closing his eyes. "I don't... do this."

"You're not that kind of girl?" said Harry, giggling. Snape glared until he regained his composure. He looked genuinely remorseful.

"Sorry," he said, resting his head against his shoulder. "I know what you mean. I can't say I really 'do this' either. Whatever the hell 'this' is."

"Taking the virginity of someone young enough to be my son who I've ostensibly hated for most of his life?" offered Snape coldly.

"Hmm," said Harry, sounding unperturbed. "Yes, that does sound bad. Of course, that's not really an accurate representation of the situation."

"What have you done with Potter?" he said. "He only speaks in monosyllables."

Harry grinned and prodded him. Severus had to fight with himself to keep from succumbing to Potter's carefree attitude.

"You know you didn't know it was my virginity you were taking," he continued. "And when I say I've done other stuff, I mean it. A lot."

"I ought to have guessed," said Snape. "Or presumed. Or asked."

"I'm not sure what difference it makes. I wasn't saving it for someone special. It's just never felt terribly right so far. I haven't really trusted any of the people I've been with."

"And you trust me," said Snape flatly.

Harry shrugged.

"I'm not sure if I trust you not to get angry and say something really horrible," he said, "But I get it, and I trust you to be a good person. I trust that you meant it when you said you'd be my friend. I trust you with this sort of thing." He waved at their debauched state. "And I was right to, judging by the fuss you're making."

"I could have hurt you," he said, and it was meant to be intimidating, but the look on Potter's face told him he'd missed the mark.

"Exactly," he murmured, sliding closer on the sofa, and Severus tried his hardest to grab onto the threads of why this was wrong, what it was that troubled him so much.

"But what now?" he said, though his arm was moving around Harry's shoulders almost of its own accord. "Have you cured your fixation satisfactorily? Are you quite done with me?"

Harry looked up at him from his position against his shoulder. Severus met his gaze with a raised eyebrow.

Harry smiled.

"I'm not quite sure," he said, "I think my fixation might need a bit more exploring. Unless you're done with me." Here his smile became a little less true. Severus swallowed.

"I'd like to be," he said eventually, despairingly. Potter sat up.

"I see," he said coldly, pulling his trousers up. "Well, if that's what you want."

He stood. Snape blinked.

"Potter..." he said, trying explain what he'd meant, not knowing why this distance was stinging quite so much. Surely this should have cured his fixation as well? He wanted to be cured, he didn't want to want to pull the boy closer and kiss him into staying...

Harry gave him a tired smile and buttoned up his shirt.

"It's really alright, you know," he said. "I know you don't like it that you're... I dunno, attracted to me, or whatever. I don't want... if you're just going to torture yourself about whatever it is we're doing, I'd rather we... didn't. It was really good, though, and I hope we can still do the friends thing. I'll just go."

Something caught in Snape's throat, some flow of words that would not fully form, refused to break through the barrier of his clenched teeth. Potter went to the door, and Snape nearly rose, but instead he just watched as Potter closed the door behind him.