CHAPTER EIGHT 

At cockcrow, Methos rode up the small hill that stood between the Highlands and the village. He knew that his friends would be waiting at the bottom of the hill for him, or for the man who would spell their doom. Rather than think about the dreaded confrontation ahead of him, the ancient recalled the conversation he had earlier with Cassandra.

"Methos, don't do this!" Cassandra begged him. "There must be another way!"

He raised his sword, gazing at the honed edges. "You know there is no other way," Methos answered calmly.

"This is all my fault!" the seeress wept, guilt-ridden. "I should never have interfered!"

"What is done is done. It's too late for regrets."

"Methos?" Cassandra asked hesitantly. "I know you love him. Could you find it in your heart to kill him?"

The ancient sheathed his blade. "I don't know. But one way or another, the killings will stop." He then looked at Cassandra in resoluteness. "That I promise you."

Methos snapped out of his reverie as he neared the top of the hill. The Highlander was already there, waiting for him, sitting astride Venganza.

"I knew you'd come," Duncan said, his face somber. "We must settle this matter between us once and for all."

"Not even a hello, MacLeod?" Methos suddenly asked him.

The Scot was taken aback by that query. "Is there any reason why I should?" Duncan snapped in turn.

The Old Man didn't hide the deep longing in his eyes. "I missed you, Duncan. I missed you so much."

"Duncan MacLeod no longer exists. You know who I am."

"Yes. You're Death, and you've come for me." Saying this, Methos got down from his horse. As he unsheathed his Ivanhoe, he threw the scabbard aside.

"Finally, we come to an understanding," the Highlander declared as he also jumped down from Venganza. Going towards Methos, he pulled his sword from its sheath, holding the hilt with both hands in readiness for battle.

The ancient gazed at the blade that was pointed menacingly at him. "I think it is you who doesn't understand. I didn't come here to fight."

At these words, Methos thrust the point of his sword into the ground. As the stunned Scot looked on, the older man got down on his knees, his head bowed low, neck bared.

"What are you doing?" the Highlander demanded.

"I am offering you my head," Methos answered simply, "in exchange for the lives of the people in the village."

"Damn you, Old Man! I won't let you do this to me!" Duncan tapped the ancient's sword with his own blade. "Pick up your sword and fight me! Fight like a man!"

As Methos looked up, there were tears in his eyes. "Why should I fight you? A true man fights to save his life, his honor. But this miserable life isn't worth fighting for! I know I deserve to die, and by your hands. I raped you, Duncan. There's no forgiveness for what I did to you. Maybe, with my death, you will lose the anger and hatred raging inside your heart, that you will stop killing innocent people. I am NOT innocent. Let the killings end with me!"

Duncan's jaw hardened. "If that is your wish," he declared, "then so be it."

As the Highlander raised his sword, Methos reached into his pocket and pulled something out. Holding it tightly, he clutched it close to his heart. Duncan saw what it was before the ancient lowered his head once more - the broken handfasting band.

The Scot hesitated, the desire for vengeance warring with the true calling of his heart. Gazing down at the submissive figure at his feet, Duncan couldn't bring his sword down to deliver the deathblow. He just found himself giving in to his heart, sinking to his knees before the ancient, his blade falling at his side.

Methos looked questioningly at the young man. "Duncan?" he said gently, a smile on his face. "This is not the time to falter. I'm ready to die. I'm not afraid."

Duncan, however, shook his head as tears trickled down his cheeks. "I can't do it! I can't kill you!"

"Yes, you can. Just harden your heart. Remember what I did to you."

"Methos, I can't! My heart won't allow it!" There was such sorrow in the Scot's lovely doe eyes. "My heart has forgiven you, long before I could accept it. I love you, Methos!"

Hearing these words, the ancient felt his own heart leap for joy. Taking the younger man into his arms, he whispered, "Thank you, Duncan! Oh, thank you so much!"

Suddenly, a strong wind swirled around them.

"FOOLS!" a booming voice declared.

Turning, the two men saw that the mare's eyes were ablaze with hellfire. Then, it began to change, transforming into the hooded form of the Master. Methos held on protectively to Duncan.

"Look at you!" the Master sneered as he walked around the two Immortals. "Declaring love to one another! How pathetic!"

"What do you know of love?" Methos countered. "All you have ever done is cause death and destruction! You can't even do the dirty work yourself! You corrupt the lives of innocents and let them be your warriors!"

"True! True! But there was one instance wherein I just couldn't resist interfering."

Duncan frowned. "What do you mean?"

Red eyes glowed in the darkness of the Master's hood. "You were so beautiful, Duncan MacLeod! How Methos could pass up such a delectable morsel like you, I never did understand!"

"What the hell are you talking about?" the ancient demanded.

The Master then waved his hand. "It seems to me you've completely forgotten what had happened that night. My spell must have worked too well. Let me show you."

At once, the two Immortals were plunged in darkness. Then, there was a dim light, and they found themselves inside the chamber of the laird of the Clan MacLeod.

Methos watched, horrified, seeing his younger self straddle the tiny child Duncan had been thirty years ago, tearing off the boy's garments, like a ravenous beast.

"You don't have to do this," the child said firmly. "You have won."

A small cry escaped the Scot's lips as the ancient shouted, "Shut your mouth!" and slapped the boy in the face, knocking him unconscious.

When Methos loosened his trousers, Duncan sobbed, "Make him stop doing this! I don't want to see anymore!"

But the Old Man couldn't speak, mesmerized by the revolting sight unfolding before them. Methos observed how his former self gripped the child's wrists, positioning his hard organ between his legs.

Then, to both their surprise, Methos paused. He began shaking his head furiously.

"NOOO!" he shouted as he clambered off the bed and ran to the far wall.

Someone clucked his tongue. They all turned to look at the cowled form standing at the doorway.

"Methos, Methos!" the Master said chidingly. "I never knew you could be such a fool. Don't you like your prize?"

"You want me to ravish a child? What do you think I am?"

"You are the warrior I created," he answered. "You are Death! You are above the ethics and morality that bind all men. Here is your reward! Claim him!"

"NEVER!"

"Very well," the Master declared in surrender. He glanced at the unconscious little boy on the bed. "Unlike you, however, I cannot pass up such a sweet, tender morsel as this."

As the Master went towards the bed, they gaped in horror, seeing the evil being transform into Methos.

"Oh my God!" Duncan gasped, watching as the Master lay over the boy he had been, freeing his erect cock.

The Master's eyes blazed with unholy light as he glanced at the cowering warrior. "I'm not a selfish man, Methos. I will share with you this most tempting feast."

Before Methos could turn his gaze away, his mind was linked with the evil being.

When the Master thrust into the child, the Scot buried his face in his lover's shoulder. He didn't have to look to know what was happening. He had woken up at that first thrust, screaming in agony. Later, Duncan bit down on his lower lip, trying to stifle his cries of pain. He didn't want to give the man he thought was Death the satisfaction of hearing him scream. After all, he was the son of a great chieftain. Still, Duncan was just a child, and the agony of having a hard rod forcing its way into his tight channel that would not fit it was too much to bear.

Duncan wept as, true enough, he heard the child call out to his dead mother. "Mother, please make him stop hurting me!"

As for Methos, he watched in horror as his past self experienced the atrocity the Master was committing. Linked as they were, the ancient believed that it was he, and not the evil being, who was raping the Highland child. When the Master climaxed, so too did the hold on his mind weaken.

Unable to take the sight any longer, the younger Methos fled from the room, screaming in anguish and guilt.

The debauchery came to an end. Duncan and Methos witnessed how the Master returned to his original form and took the bleeding child away. The scene ended there and the two men were brought back to the grassy hill.

Duncan gazed up at the Master. "It was you! It was you all along! You raped me! Then you raised me yourself so I could take Methos' place as Death!"

"That is true," the Master admitted. "But I never counted on your crossing paths again, much more that you would be handfasted. It doesn't matter now, however. I finally have what I always wanted."

"What do you mean?" the ancient queried.

"The soul of a Highland child born on the winter solstice."

Duncan found himself reciting the prophecy Cassandra had told him. "An Evil One will come, to vanquish all before him. Only a Highland child born on the winter solstice, who has seen both darkness and light, can stop him."

"I see you already know it." The Master explained, "It was said that this child would be the one to defeat me. It took me centuries, but I found him. I wanted to corrupt this child, so he wouldn't be a threat to me. More so, that he would belong to me completely. I took his body. I watched as the blood of the men and women he had slain steadily tainted his soul. It was a slow and tedious process. His heart, you see, really wasn't in to killing, so I had to control him, keep him in my thrall. Then you showed up after thirty years. I thought you would spoil my plans. Instead, things worked out to my advantage. Thinking you had raped him, my dear Highland child broke the divine ties that bind you, a grievous sin in the eyes of God. 'What God has brought together, let no man tear asunder.' You know what I mean."

"NO!" Methos cried, embracing the Scot tightly. "He will never be yours! Besides, Duncan is Immortal now! Unless you take his head, you cannot own his soul!"

Hearing this, the Master burst into laughter. "My dear Methos! Taking the head is not the only way to kill an Immortal!"

Suddenly, the Master lunged forward and thrust his hand into the Highlander's back. Duncan screamed as his soul was wrenched out of his body. The ancient was horrified, feeling the Scot fall limp in his arms. Gazing up, he saw the ethereal form of his lover's spirit struggling in the Master's grasp.

"Methos, help me!" Duncan cried as he reached out to the blacksmith.

Before the Master could disappear with his captive soul, Methos leaped to his feet, the handfasting band on his wrist glowing bright. As he grabbed Duncan's hand, his soul flew out of his body. Then, Methos found himself falling and falling and falling...

The ancient woke up in a large cave. Getting up, he saw the Master with the Highlander in his embrace, standing on a shelf of rock.

"I admire your bravery, Methos," said the Master. "Now I have two souls instead of just one."

"Where am I?" Methos asked, looking around him.

Then, the walls of the cave began to crumble as the illusion was shattered. At once, the sounds of torment filled the air and the stifling heat assaulted him. Gazing all around him, he saw that he was in a totally different world. Pillars of flame towered above him. Below was a river of fire. He was horrified to see millions of souls in that blazing river.

The rock the Master and his captive were standing on broke free and floated into the sky. The evil being laughed. "WELCOME TO HELL, METHOS!"

Swiftly, Methos leaped from the ledge and grabbed the edge of the floating rock, climbing on top.

"I've come to take Duncan back with me!" Methos said strongly. "He does not belong here!"

"We shall see!"

Suddenly, chains snaked out from the other rocks floating near them.

"METHOS, LOOK OUT!" Duncan shouted in warning.

The ancient agilely dodged the chains reaching out to grab him. But there were just too many of them. Soon, Methos found himself tightly bound that he couldn't move.

"What the hell are you?" he yelled at the hooded being.

In reply, the Master threw off his cowl, revealing a monstrous face with large red eyes, huge flaring nostrils and sharp teeth in its mouth. On his forehead was a glowing ruby. He had scales and leather for skin. There were sharp claws on his hands and feet. Slowly, he unfurled his huge wings.

"I am Set. I am Ahriman," the Master introduced himself. "I am everything your people call demons and devils. I am anger. I am the dark. I bring chaos and fear, doubt and anarchy. I existed before time began, and I will exist when time has ended. For you, all that matters is that you cannot stop me!"

At these words, Ahriman flung the Highlander down to the ground on his hands and knees, tearing Duncan's clothes to shreds. Like a ravenous beast, he mounted the young Immortal, his huge cock eager to plunder the flesh beneath him.

"NO!" Methos roared in fury, struggling with his bonds. "LEAVE HIM ALONE! DO NOT TOUCH HIM!"

Duncan was sobbing, terrified. He whimpered as Ahriman licked his face with his forked tongue.

"You've had your chance, Old Man," the demon muttered, spreading the Scot's knees apart. "Now, it's my turn."

A scream was wrenched from the Highlander's throat as Ahriman forced his cock inside him.

Pounding furiously into the Immortal, Ahriman laughed at the ancient, who was gnashing his teeth at the cruelty being inflicted upon his lover. "No wonder you care for him, Methos! He's a wonderful fuck! So tender! So exquisitely tight!"

God, help me! Methos prayed earnestly as he strained at his shackles. I must save Duncan! If only I had my sword...

The wish had just crossed his mind when, suddenly, he felt something pressed into his right hand. Turning his head, Methos saw that he held the hilt of the Ivanhoe, but the steel blade has been replaced with a blade of pure light. With a flick of his wrist, he cut through the chains binding his right hand. His sword arm freed, Methos destroyed the rest of his shackles.

"AHRIMAN!" he shouted. "LET HIM GO!"

The demon stopped his thrusting and roughly withdrew from the battered Scot. With a hard slap on Duncan's rump, he muttered, "We'll continue this once I'm through with your lover."

Facing the blacksmith, Ahriman declared, "So you want a fight. I'm only happy to oblige!" Raising his right hand, a beam of red light fell into his palm, forming into a spear. With a war cry, the demon charged at the ancient.

Duncan slowly sat up, wincing from the pain of his violated backside. Coiling the tattered remnants of his kilt around his body, he watched the fierce duel taking place before him.

Ahriman tried thrusting the spear's sharp point, but Methos either swiftly got out of its way or parried it with his sword of light. The demon swung his spear, hoping to trip the ancient. Methos, however, leaped high, that the spear missed his feet by inches. Following a quick riposte, the blacksmith even managed to wound Ahriman on the cheek. Touching his face, the demon saw the green ichor that was his blood on his hand.

"Give up, demon!" Methos said breathlessly. "Duncan belongs with me!"

His eyes blazing with hellfire, Ahriman roared, "NEVER!" and attacked the ancient with fast, furious strokes. As the Highlander looked on in horror, the demon wrenched Methos' sword out of his hand and stabbed him in the belly. The ancient stared at his adversary in disbelief as his trembling hands clutched the spear protruding from his abdomen. Jerking the spear out of Methos' body, Ahriman raised it high.

"Time to die, Methos!" he declared in triumph.

Somehow, Duncan found the strength to stand. "NO! STOP!" he cried, placing himself between the demon and his wounded lover.

The irony of the situation did not escape Methos' notice, remembering a time when the Scot stood before him, protecting him from the hell horse that was about to stomp him to death.

"Duncan, get out of the way!" Methos shouted, but the brave Highlander held his ground.

"Lower your spear, Ahriman," Duncan said firmly. "You've beaten him. You have won! He is no longer a threat to you."

"He will continue being a threat to me unless I kill him!"

"But what about me? Am I not the bigger threat to you? If you slay Methos, I will take up his sword and I will fight you."

For a moment, the demon hesitated. Duncan thought he saw something in his eyes, something he could not define.

"MacLeod?" Ahriman asked in disbelief. "You would turn against me?"

"Yes, if you kill him."

Ahriman thought for a moment. "What do I get in exchange for Methos' life?"

The Scot's answer was simple. "You'll have me."

"DUNCAN, NO!" cried Methos, shocked that the Highlander would offer himself to the demon.

"Forgive me, Methos," Duncan stated firmly, "But this must be done." Gazing at the hellspawn before him, he queried, "Well, Ahriman? Do we have a deal?"

"No, not yet!" There was a wicked grin on the demon's face. "I want you to prove it, MacLeod! Give yourself to me willingly. Let your lover witness for himself who truly owns you. Only then will I set him free."

Though he knew the sight of his defloration would break Methos' heart, the Highlander nodded his head. "Agreed."

"No, Duncan!" the ancient exclaimed. "Don't do this! I won't let you!"

But before he could run to the younger man, a strong force froze him in place. "Duncan," he muttered, as tears fell from his eyes, seeing his lover go towards the demon.

"On your knees, Highlander!" Ahriman ordered gruffly, pointing to the ground.

"I refuse, Ahriman," said the Scot strongly. "I am not an animal! If you want to take me, you may do so by treating me as a human being."

"It makes no difference to me, as long as you spread your legs!"

Meekly, Duncan lay down on the dirt floor, removing the length of fabric covering his genitals. As the demon straddled him, he turned his face to the side, not wanting to behold the monstrous being about to ravish him.

"I see you are revolted by my touch," Ahriman whispered in the Highlander's ear, nuzzling in the silky sable mane. His hands went down and found a nipple. Twisting and pulling it hard, the demon smiled at the sight of the blood that blossomed on Duncan's lower lip when the Scot bit down on it.

"You do not have to hurt me like this." Duncan gasped when Ahriman slid a clawed finger inside his ass.

"I want you to feel pain, MacLeod. I need your hatred and rage to rise inside you, so you would fight me. It will only make the conquest much sweeter."

Feeling the demon's huge cock penetrate him, the Highlander felt the anger welling up inside him.

"Yes, that's it!" Ahriman exclaimed, seeing the helpless Immortal grit his teeth. "Let the anger fill you! Fight me, Highlander!"

Duncan's head snapped up, his hands gripping the demon's throat, desperate to fight for the preservation of what little honor he had left.

What the... It was then that Duncan looked into Ahriman's eyes, startled by what he saw. Sorrow. Deep longing. Desire. And ... Could it be possible?

Suddenly, the Scot's mind flew back to the past.

Duncan was playing in the tunnels, when suddenly he fell. Oh, how he cried as he clutched his aching knee!

"What is it, Duncan?" a gentle voice asked him. "Why are you crying?" 

He looked up to find the hooded form of the Master, gazing down at him. 

Sniffling, Duncan pointed to the scrape on his knee. 

"Did you fall, child?" the Master said softly. "Here! Let me take care of it for you." 

With theatrical flair, he waved his fingers over the wound and healed it. "Does it still hurt?" 

Touching the unbroken skin in wonder, Duncan shook his head. He smiled so sweetly at his guardian. "No, it doesn't! Thank you! Thank you very much!" 

Eagerly, he embraced the Master that he accidentally knocked the hood from his head, revealing the demon that he truly was. Ahriman had turned his face away in shame, not wanting to frighten him. 

But Duncan wasn't afraid. He urged the demon to look at him. Lovingly, he kissed the glowing ruby on Ahriman's forehead, before putting the hood back in place. 

"Duncan?" Ahriman asked then in surprise. 

The Highland child took his hand. "Come play with me!" 

The vision suddenly changed. Duncan was a man now, sleeping in his bedchamber. He awoke to feel his blanket being pulled up slowly, baring his legs and rump. His eyes widened as cold hands caressed his thighs. 

The Highlander sat up, pulling the quilt over his naked form. He saw the Master standing beside the bed. Horrified by what he had just done, with a mewling cry, Ahriman fled from the room. 

"No! Wait!" he called as he swiftly donned his robe. 

The Scot found the demon in one of the smaller tunnels, weeping in remorse. 

Hearing him, Ahriman exclaimed, "I'm sorry! Please forgive me!" 

Duncan went towards his guardian and wrapped his arms soothingly around him. 

"I won't deny you this," he said softly, "if this is what you want. All you have to do is ask. I owe you this." 

Ahriman embraced his adopted son. "No, Duncan. I won't ask this of you. You don't owe me anything. I am the one who has done you a great wrong." 

"Then, I forgive you," the Highlander said simply. 

Duncan found himself crying, shedding tears for his lost guardian. Loosening his grip around the demon's throat, instead, he placed his hands behind Ahriman's neck.

"It doesn't have to be this way, Ahriman," he whispered between pain-filled gasps. "You know that."

Seeing the anguish in the Scot's eyes, the demon stopped his furious pounding into the Highlander's body. "MacLeod?"

"No. Call me Duncan, like the way you used to." Saying this, he began thrusting his hips upward, driving the demon's cock deeper inside his channel. Ahriman responded to that languid motion, following the easy pace of the man beneath him.

"What are you doing?" Ahriman asked in growing alarm, wanting to withdraw. But the Scot pulled him closer.

"I become one with everything. I become one with you," Duncan muttered, urging the demon to heights of love and passion he had never experienced before. "I become everything. Therefore, I become nothing. Therefore, you are nothing."

"NOOO! LET ME GO!" roared Ahriman, struggling to break free from the Highlander's grasp. However, his body betrayed him, aching for the joining that was inevitable between them.

As Duncan took Ahriman's erection deeper inside his body, milking the long shaft with his muscles, he continued, "Without my anger, you have no substance. Without my pride, you have no form. Without my hate, you have no being." The Highlander embraced the demon lovingly, feeling his flesh fully penetrated. "Let go of your anger and hatred, Ahriman! Let go of the evil that is inside you! Even for a brief time, please give me back the man I care for, the man who cared for me - my beloved guardian!"

When the Highlander pressed his lips to the glowing ruby on the demon's forehead, Ahriman screamed as he came into Duncan's body, his cry a mixture of agony and pleasure.

Methos saw the demon's form dissipate into flashes of red light before his eyes, until only a tiny spark was left. Duncan sat up and took the light in his hands.

"Forgive me, Duncan," the light spoke in Ahriman's voice. "Forgive me for all the terrible things I did to you."

The Scot caressed the spark. "Ahriman, I forgive you."

Slowly, the spark flew out of his hand. "Duncan, thank you! Thank you so much for everything!" It then dropped into the blazing river below.

When the demon was gone, Methos found that he could move. He ran towards the Highlander and took him in his arms.

"Duncan, are you all right?" the ancient asked in concern, caressing the younger man's cheek. "Did he hurt you?"

"No, not really."

"What happened? What was that all about?"

"I simply gave him what he always wanted. Ahriman wasn't always evil, Methos. As a child, he was like a father to me." Duncan gazed out into the magnificent, though still terrifying, panorama of Hell. "Hell is such a lonely place. Could you just imagine living here before the concept of time was ever created? Ahriman wanted to experience something different, something new. He never expected he would find it in the Highland child who was prophesied to be his destroyer."

The Scot sighed. "What the child and, later, the man taught him ran contrary to the purpose he was created for. The feelings his adopted son roused in him were intoxicating. Ahriman didn't want to lose me. He wanted to keep me at his side forever. But he knew it was impossible."

"For one, there was the constant risk that I would discover that it was he who raped me. So Ahriman tried to change me into his image - by teaching me to kill and, most especially, to hate the man whom I believed ravished me, and all who would protect him. He never counted on my becoming handfasted to and, eventually, falling in love with the man he taught me to hate. That was why he was so determined to see you die, either at my hands or by his. In the end, Ahriman realized that in triumph or defeat, he would lose me. He would lose the pure soul of the child he had cared for for twenty five years."

A frown creased Methos' brow. "You said 'cared for.' Are you telling me that..."

The Highlander nodded his head. "Yes, that Ahriman, a demon, LOVED me." Duncan glanced at the ancient thoughtfully. "Are you angry that I gave myself willingly to him? Methos, I cannot deny him this. I cannot bear to see him languish in this desolate place. At least now, he knows, with what I have given him, that even in Hell, love could exist. Ahriman would survive on that."

"How could you be so forgiving, Duncan?" the Old Man queried. "If I were in your place, I know I wouldn't be."

"It's so easy to forgive, if you know that you yourself have made mistakes. You taught me that."

"Me?"

Duncan gazed at the blacksmith sorrowfully. "I shouldn't have judged you. I've seen the man you truly are, but I still believed Ahriman's lies. I was so wrong to have doubted you. I should have listened to my heart."

"It doesn't matter," Methos whispered, kissing the younger man on the lips. "It's all over now. We could go home and be together forever."

Tears began to fall from Duncan's eyes as he kissed the ancient just as tenderly. "No, Methos. I won't be going with you."

Startled, the Old Man looked at the Scot questioningly. "What are you saying?"

Suddenly, the rock began to quake at their feet. A crack formed between them, splitting the rock in two, that Methos had to take a few steps back lest he fall into the river of fire below. Gazing up, he saw the Highlander being lifted by giant hands. He was horrified to see that it was the hideous form of Satan himself who held his beloved. Duncan, however, didn't seem afraid. There was even a gentle smile on his face as his tears sparkled on his cheeks like crystals.

"Methos, I'm sorry," Duncan told him sadly. "I must stay here and pay for the grievous sin I committed against you. God has handfasted us, and I disobeyed His will by breaking the bond He has formed between us."

"But it was a mistake," argued Methos. "Ahriman deceived you. You didn't know."

"The truth, however, was right in my face, and I chose not to see it. It is my fault and I must face the consequences of my actions."

"No!" the ancient cried. "I'm not leaving without you!"

"Methos, please don't make it anymore difficult than it already is," the Highlander begged him. "I don't want you to suffer here with me. Live, Methos! Grow stronger! Fight another day! Learn from the mistakes I have made."

"Duncan, I can't leave you here! How could I live, knowing you're here because of me?"

"You will. It's a simple thing I ask of you."

"Will I ever see you again?" Methos asked hopefully, though he knew the painful truth.

Duncan shook his head. "No. I've condemned my soul for all eternity."

Then, Methos felt a strong force pulling him, drawing him further and further away from the Scot.

"NO! I'M NOT LEAVING!" he roared, reaching out to his lover.

"Goodbye, Methos!" the Highlander said. "Please take some small consolation in the fact that I love you, and that the love you have for me will help me to endure whatever punishment is in store for me."

"DUNCAN! DUNCAN, NO!" But Methos felt his soul being drawn back to the land of the living. His last memory was of the brave Highlander, standing tall and proud in the devil's palms, his sable locks and the plaid coiled around his body, fluttering in the wind. So like an angel he looked, a beautiful archangel fallen from the grace of God Almighty.

As his soul slammed back into his body, it was this memory that quickly filled his mind that Methos' eyes snapped open.

Cassandra was among the throng awaiting the return of the blacksmith. It's been two hours since Methos went up the hill and, still, there was no sign of him.

Suddenly, an anguished cry filled the air, echoing from the top of the hill. Without thinking twice, Cassandra hurried up the hill, sword in hand, fearing for the life of the Immortal. Reaching the top, she was stunned by the sight that greeted her.

Methos was weeping hard, lost in the misery of his broken heart. In his arms, he cradled the lifeless form of Duncan MacLeod.

At first, Cassandra thought the smith was wracking himself with guilt over killing his own lover, until she saw how Methos caressed the Highlander's cheeks, kissing those cold, pale lips. She never imagined it could be possible. But it was right there before her eyes.

Yes, an Immortal could die without taking his head.