Current mood: 

sleepy 

Entry tags: 
one glorious summer 

Fic: One Glorious Summer ~ (4/21) 

Author: dawnofme
Title: One Glorious Summer
Rating: NC-17 for sexual content later in the story.
Betas: mabel_marsters, seapealsh, megan_peta & slaymesoftly 
Banner: by me, dawnofme

Summary: Two years after NFA, Buffy is about to leave the country when she sees Spike on TV. Thought to be dead, he's anything but - except he has no memories of who or what he once was. Buffy decides to return to California in hopes of seeing Spike again. She finds herself falling in love with a man who calls himself John, who has found contentment in a career he loves and in a new lifestyle that would have been impossible for him to be a part of in the past. It isn't long, though, before their budding relationship is threatened when the secrets of their past come out.

Previous Chapters

Disclaimer: This story is not for profit and no copyright infringement is intended.

One Glorious Summer

Chapter Four

The expression of shocked recognition on Spike's face caused Buffy's heart to pound faster with hope. Did he recognize her? Would all it take to have his memories come rushing back be one glimpse of her: the love of his life? As he looked away and sat back down, her gut twisted with disappointment.

She glanced back at the apartment building and stared at the windows on the tenth floor. That could be her home for the summer. She had an appointment in fifteen minutes with the property manager to hand over the signed copy of the contract in her bag. The manager had given her a tour of the place before she left yesterday and at the time, she'd been excited. While the place was small for the exorbitant rental price, it was beautifully decorated in muted yellows and soft reds with an updated kitchen and a luxury bathroom complete with a Jacuzzi tub and separate shower. The balcony from the dining room led out to a breathtaking view of the ocean and the pier and then it wrapped around the corner of the building to another balcony that led to the bedroom, facing another apartment building on the south side.

Spike's strange reaction to seeing her face for the first time was making her have second thoughts. Buffy pulled her dress over her bikini and gathered her things. The least she could do was show up for the appointment. She wasn't committing to a lifetime mortgage for the place. Just a three-month lease. Very aware of the glances Spike was sending her, she slipped her painted toes into her flip-flops and gently shook out her blanket to fold into her bag.

"Er, excuse me," John said as she bent down for the last fold.

She held the blanket square to her chest and faced him, barely able to talk. "Yes?"

"Are you a model?"

Buffy hadn't expected that, but it didn't matter. He was talking to her. Directly to her. The last words he'd ever spoken to her came to mind. 'No you don't. But thanks for saying it. Now go!'

She shook her head to rid herself of the gut wrenching memory, but he took that as an answer to his question.

With a wry smile that crinkled the edges of his very blue eyes, he said, "Sorry. I should have known. I gave the description over the phone to the artist, so I doubt he used a model."

"Um, I'm not sure what you're talking about?" Buffy said, but with the mental picture of his book cover in her mind, she had a feeling that she did.

He stood up, a copy of his book outstretched towards her. "It's just that you bear an uncanny resemblance to how I imagined Summer Slater looks."

She made a show of studying the cover art and then turned the book over before looking up at him again. "I thought you looked familiar. You wrote this, didn't you?"

His genuinely humble nod was something of a surprise. Spike would have swaggered around bragging about his talent. But not this human version of Spike who called himself John. She glanced down at the oil painted rendering of Summer Slater and said, "I've never met an author before." Mimicking the sexy pose and serious face of the character, she lifted the book to her face and said, "But I see what you mean."

He gasped and said, "Wow. It's as if you jumped out of my imagination."

She wanted to confirm that she had. That somewhere in his brain, he remembered her. Enough to write a story with a detective hero with a criminal past and the bad luck to always fall for women who didn't love him the way he deserved.

Buffy flipped through the pages, familiar with the weight of the book, as she'd been up all last night in her hotel room, finishing it. If Summer Slater was a fair representation of her, then she would be ashamed of herself, but while she could see the truth of some of Summer's behavior, she also kept in mind that it was Spike writing the story. He didn't always see things the way they were.

"This is a good book." She handed it back to him and smiled. "I couldn't put it down."

"You've read it?" he said, pleasantly surprised.

"Oh, yeah. I'm looking forward to your next one."

"Wow." John scratched his elbow and grinned sheepishly. "I would never have pegged you for a mystery reader."

Her stomach flipped pleasantly when she glared at him with her hand on her hip and she saw that familiar glazed over, lust filled expression on his face. "What do I look like I'd read?"

"To tell the truth, I see you more as a moviegoer than a book reader."

Her protest was interrupted by Dirk's return from the surf.

"Hey, man. You didn't eat all the burritos, did you?"

Buffy was thrilled to see Spike's disappointment that their growing banter had been cut off.

"No, but Corky ate one of yours."

Dirk planted his board in the sand and then stared from Buffy to John. "I just cock-blocked you, didn't I?"

John slapped Dirk across the shoulder. "Don't be so rude. The lady and I were just having a conversation."

The big surfer looked at each of them in turn again, nodded and said with certainty, "I cock-blocked you." He held out his hand to Buffy. "I'm Dirk."

His handshake was on the weak side and she was very tempted to go all full strength on him, but she held back.

"Nice to meet you. I'm…" She wildly thought that it might touch off Spike's memories to hear her name. "I'm Buffy."

She didn't know if she was more perturbed at Dirk's outright laughter or Spike's wide grin as he stared at his feet. So much for the romantic moment where his memories rushed back and he scooped her up in his arms.

"Well, I should be going. I've got a meeting with the manager of that apartment building." She pointed behind them.

Dirk perked up. "You moving in?"

"Yes. If all goes well, I'll be moving in today."

"Glorious!" the surfer proclaimed. "John and I live there too. Which unit are you moving into?"

"Dirk! We could be tandem serial killers for all she knows. She's not going to tell you which apartment."

Buffy smiled at John, pleased with his display of manners. It brought back memories of the times Spike had attempted to open doors for her or buy her drinks.

"That's all right. I'm very capable of taking care of myself." She picked up her bag and put her sunglasses back on. "I'll be in 10-G."

Dirk let out a low whistle. "That's one sweet pad."

"And if I don't make this appointment, it might be someone else's for the summer." She waved, putting on a bright smile to hide her nerves from talking to Spike. "It was nice to meet you both."

Dirk's voice seemed to follow her from behind as she headed for the steps. "Dude, she's smokin' hot and she's rich. You aren't just going to let her go like that are you?"

The ground vibrated with heavy footfalls behind her until John caught up to her.

"Uh, Buffy?"

She turned towards him, hoping that her smile was warm enough to be encouraging, even though her heart was racing.

"Yes?"

Her heart went out to him as he searched the space around him for words. Spike always had words.

In a tumble of them, he said, "There's a party tomorrow night in Hermosa Beach. Since you're new to the neighborhood, I was thinking you might like to come. Get to know people." He ran a hand through his hair. "But a girl like you, you probably have a boyfriend and a full calendar. Forget it."

She grabbed his arm as he turned to leave. "Wait!" Buffy wanted to keep touching him, but she let go when he faced her again. "I'd love to go. I've been so busy working that I really don't know what to do with all this free time. I am new in town, though, and I don't know how to get to Hermosa." It was a lie, but it got her the result she was hoping for.

"I could drive you over there, if you want?"

"That would be great! What time?"

Buffy couldn't help but think that he looked cute when he was puzzled. But why he would be so surprised by her quick yes was beyond her. Spike looked even better in broad daylight than he did in moonlight and even the darker hair color suited him. Brought out his eyes.

"Nine o'clock sound good?"

"Sure. I'll see you then." She felt like skipping across The Strand, but she composed herself and as she got to the other side, she remembered that they hadn't agreed on a meeting place. He was still standing on the other side, looking slightly shell-shocked. "Pick me up at 10-G, okay? At nine o'clock."

"10-G. Nine o'clock."

John said it loud enough for her to hear, but it was almost as if he repeated it just to make sure he wasn't dreaming. She knew she was grinning like a fool, but she didn't care. There were so many things she had to think about, but right now, she just wanted to enjoy the thought that she was going to get to spend some time with Spike.

~ * ~ * ~

From her vantage point on her new balcony, Buffy could see John's umbrella and just make out one of his feet. She wanted to go out there and stake her spot next to him like she'd done the previous two days, but she thought it would make her look too desperate. She might be just that, but she didn't want to let him know it. Besides, he would be coming by that night to take her to a beach party.

She did a little hop and squeal that Willow would have been proud of and then headed back in to her apartment. There was one thing left to do and while she wasn't looking forward to it, it was best to get it over with.

She sat at the little breakfast bar in her kitchen and picked up the phone. With the paperwork containing her new number in front of her, she dialed Giles' private line to his office. He picked up on the second ring.

"Rupert Giles speaking."

"Hi, Giles. It's me."

"Buffy! Where are you?"

"In California, like I said I would be."

After a long sigh, he said, "So when are you flying back here?"

She shrugged, even though he couldn't see her. "Not sure. Sometime in September, maybe?"

"September!"

"I just signed a three month lease on an apartment in Redondo Beach." She tapped a pencil on the contract and, while she drew a happy face on it, she added, "I prepaid. Charged it on my credit card. I hope that was okay?"

After stuttering for a few seconds, Giles answered, "You know it is, but what's going on, Buffy?"

"I just felt like going on a long vacation. Haven't had one in like, well, forever."

"What if we need you?"

"Let me give you my information. Do you have a pen?"

She heard papers shuffling. "Yes, go ahead."

"I'm at 460 Esplanade, Apartment 10-G in Redondo Beach. The phone number is 310-555-7478. Got all that?"

"Got it.

"Well, I have an appointment at a day spa, so I'm going to have to let you go." She wasn't lying. She had an appointment to have her hair and nails done at the Spa across the street from her apartment building, but it wasn't for another couple of hours.

"Buffy, please call every few days so I know that you're all right."

The genuine concern in his voice made her smile. "I will."

It was good to know he cared.

Chapter Five