CHAPTER FOUR

How could I have forgotten this life? Duncan thought in bliss, as he repaired a tack. How could I have forgotten him?

It's been three months since the lightning strike. The Scot's memory still hasn't returned to him, and Duncan didn't even make any effort to try to remember. He was very happy, content with the life he has now. Somehow, he had an inkling that his life hadn't always been like this. But he was satisfied now, and he didn't want anything else...except for one.

Duncan gazed fondly at Methos. The elder Immortal was busy at his forge, building up the fire in the furnace. His slender form belied his true capabilities. Well-honed muscles hardened as he worked the bellows, his sweat glistening on his ivory skin.

He's so beautiful, the Highlander mused appreciatively. Swiftly, he added, Of course, he's beautiful on the inside as well.

Indeed, Methos had been very patient, taking things one step at a time. Rather than press the issue of their being handfasted, the blacksmith was satisfied with the friendship that had developed between them. They helped each other at the smithy, taking turns with the light and heavy work. Household chores even proved to be a joy. The two men would clean the house and the stables together. They would even make the trek to the stream to wash their clothes. There was only one chore, however, that Duncan would not let Methos do, namely cook. It suited the smith just fine. The Scot proved to be a much better cook than he is.

Lately, however, the Highlander found himself wishing for more in their relationship. He had to admit he didn't trust the ancient at first. But now, watching Methos slaving away at the forge, Duncan knew he had fallen in love with the older man.

At that moment, Methos turned and noticed the attentive stare the Scot was giving him. There was even a dreamy smile on his lips.

Curiously, he queried, "Why are you looking at me that way, Duncan?"

Hearing those words, Duncan turned visibly pale as a throbbing ache pierced his brow. Clasping his head, he closed his eyes as the visions struck.

Darkness. Screaming. Wailing. The absence of light and the cacophony of torment assaulted his senses.

He was lying on something soft. But it was wet and sticky. It had a stink that revolted him.

Then, a face loomed above him. A face painted white and blue. It was staring down at him, the eyes ablaze with hellfire.

"Why are you looking at me that way?" he asked, the brogue heavy in his child's voice.

Suddenly, there was nothing but pain.

Duncan's eyes snapped open, a gasp escaping his lips.

"Are you all right?" Methos was sitting beside him, holding him like spun glass. "What happened to you?"

"I don't know. I'm not even sure," he stammered in confusion.

There was a strange expression on the ancient's face. "Was it...was it a memory?"

"I don't know, and I don't want to remember. It frightened me. Those terrible sounds. That face, that awful face. And...and the pain..."

Methos embraced him comfortingly. "It's all right. I'm here. No one's going to hurt you."

Duncan clung tightly to the ancient, relishing the musky scent of the drying sweat on Methos' skin. "I'm afraid. I'm so afraid. My past...it frightens me."

"What is past is past. It has no bearing on what we are now to each other."

The Scot gently pulled away. "You wouldn't keep secrets from me now, would you, Methos? If something terrible happened to me before, you would tell me."

"I have no reason to keep your past a secret from you," Methos lied under his teeth. "If I could, I would tell you. But I never wanted to pry into your private life before we met. It's...it's just not my way."

Duncan nodded. "I understand. Even if you did pry, I probably wouldn't have told you anyway." There was a hopeful twinkle in his eye. "Methos, may I ask you something?"

"If it is in my power to answer," the blacksmith began gallantly, "I don't see why not. What do you want to know?"

Twiddling his fingers nervously, the Highlander stuttered, "You...you said we're handfasted."

"Uhmmm...yes."

"So that means we're lovers, right?"

"Well yes, we are."

"Then, we've been...you know...doing IT."

"Yes, we've been doing it." Even Methos was getting nervous with this line of questioning.

"So why aren't you making love to me now?"

That innocent query caught Methos totally off guard. In truth, he has been tempted several times to demand his marital privilege from the Scot. He had even come close to actually forcing himself upon Duncan. What stopped him was the simple fact that he did not have any right to ask that of Duncan. True, they were bound by a Divine Handfasting, but it was a bond of necessity. Methos couldn't take advantage of the Highlander's amnesia to get what he desired.

"Methos?" Duncan's voice interrupted his thoughts. "Aren't you going to answer my question?"

The ancient quickly stood up and went to the far corner of the smithy. Leaning against the post, he breathed in deeply. "It wouldn't be right."

"If we're lovers, why would it not 'be right'?"

"Duncan," Methos began patiently, trying to hide the passions the Scot's questions aroused in him, "you've lost your memory. I cannot take advantage of your mental incapacity to have sex with you."

"I don't mind, Methos. Truly. I feel like I've been shirking in my duty towards you."

"That's another thing. I don't like it to be a duty on your part. That is a clear sign that you don't trust me."

"But I do..."

Methos raised a hand, halting the younger man's words. "Let me finish. There is no love if there is no trust. I prefer that you get to know me a little better first."

A sullen pout formed on the Highlander's full lips. The ancient wanted so much to kiss him, to ease the hurt he had caused.

Looking at Methos with sorrow in his eyes, Duncan said firmly, "I know how I feel about you. I know I love you. But what about you? Don't you love me, Methos? Am I not attractive to you anymore?"

The Old Man couldn't help the laughter that escaped his lips. "Of course I still love you. But how could you be so sure that you love me?"

Duncan slowly rose to his feet, laying the tack on the bench. As he walked towards Methos, he replied, "I know what my heart is telling me. Though memory fails, the heart never forgets. I do love you, Methos."

The ancient felt his breath catch in his throat as the Scot stood before him, his deep brown eyes boring into his hazel orbs.

Leaning forward, Duncan whispered, "If you will not make love to me, please let me make love to you."

When their lips met, at first, the smith stiffened. But the Highlander was so tender, savoring the taste of the man whom he thought was his lover. Methos felt like he was a drowning man, hungry for air. As he parted his lips to breathe, Duncan gently insinuated his tongue inside, tasting the moist cavern of his mouth. That teasing tongue finally broke Methos' control. Pressing Duncan's tongue between his lips, he sucked on it eagerly, enjoying the flavors of the Scot.

With much reluctance, Duncan broke the kiss and pressed his lips on Methos' neck, nuzzling in the hollow between his neck and shoulder. His hands found the open V of the ancient's shirt, opening it wider until the shirt fell from his shoulders and down his arms, the garment at his wrists. Slowly, the Scot went lower, showering butterfly kisses upon the ivory skin.

"You're so beautiful," Duncan murmured, his hands caressing the firm pectorals. "Just like a living statue."

Methos shuddered as the Highlander's tormenting mouth enveloped his nipple. Laving and sucking on the tiny nub caused his organ to jut up proudly, the head poking at his young lover's belly.

Duncan giggled as he saw the prominent bulge in the older man's breeches. "Eager thing, aren't you? Well, you'll just have to wait your turn."

The ancient groaned as the Scot teased the other nipple. "God, Duncan! Have mercy, please!"

Grinning with a hard nub between his teeth, Duncan mumbled, "Oh, all right!"

Descending further, the Highlander licked the sweat from Methos' belly, his tongue poking the navel. Finally reaching his lover's crotch, he freed Methos' erection from within the confines of his trousers.

Gazing appreciatively at the silken iron before his eyes, Duncan said in wonder, "How could I have forgotten this?" Cupping the hefty balls in their large sac in his hands, the young man pressed his face to the long shaft, raining kisses from the base going to the head. At the tip, Duncan pinched the foreskin and pulled it back, revealing the weeping rose inside.

As Methos watched, the Scot took his cock between his lips. He cried out in pleasure as Duncan devoured him whole, his member sliding down the velvet moistness of his throat. Duncan tormented Methos with his mouth and throat, tightening his muscles around the shaft. When the Highlander's tongue licked the length, the Old Man screamed. Gripping the younger man's hair, Methos pulled Duncan's head back so he could fuck that lovely mouth. The Scot held on to his lover's hips.

Methos' thrusts became fast and furious. Lord, he's a natural at this! he groaned inwardly as Duncan adjusted to the pounding pace of the ancient. Coming at last, Methos screamed as he gushed his fluids inside the Scot's mouth. Duncan swallowed the blacksmith's seed hungrily, some of it spilling down the corners of his mouth. When the younger man withdrew, Methos was panting for breath.

Then, Duncan spoke, and that deep, husky voice caused the breath to catch in the smith's throat. "Was it good for you as it was for me?"

As Methos glanced down, the Highlander opened his eyes, hellfire burning in them. There was a wicked grin on Duncan's face as he stood up, hands digging into the ancient's hips.

"My turn now!" he declared.

Methos found himself forced back against the post, Duncan's strong grip raising him that he was standing on the tips of his toes. His legs were parted and a finger sought the orifice between his legs. When the Scot found his quarry, he unlaced his own breeches to free his stiff rod. Lifting Methos high, positioning him above his erection, Duncan swiftly brought the Old Man down. Feeling himself impaled, Methos screamed.

As Duncan thrust into him, the ancient gasped in pain. A slight brush to his prostate brought a respite of pleasure, but the agony overwhelmed him.

"Duncan, please!" begged Methos as his hands reached high and grasped the post behind him, seeking balance. "Not too fast! You're hurting me!"

"You're hurting me! No more! Please!"

A beautiful brown-haired woman was struggling in his arms. He was thrusting in wild abandon inside her bruised flesh. His hand reached for her breast and squeezed it hard that she screamed in pain.

"Stop it! Leave my wife alone!" her husband, a bald man, cried. He was hanging from chains attached to the wall.

A smile formed on his lips. "If that is your wish." Taking his dagger, he plunged it between the woman's breasts. The woman didn't even cry out. She just breathed a relieved sigh and fell dead in his arms.

"DOMINIQUE!" the man shouted. "You bastard! You murdered my wife! DOMINIQUE!"

Getting to his feet, he picked up his sword and gutted the man, sending him to an eternity of silence.

"I hate the noise," he commented. Gazing down at the blade, he grimaced. "Damn! Blood on it again!"

Suddenly, a strong force struck him from behind, sending him flying. He landed flat on his back on a bed covered with blood. He felt someone climbing on the bed. He wanted to flee, but an invisible force pinned him down.

Then, the painted face loomed above him and callused hands spread his thighs wide apart.

Feeling something hard enter him, he screamed, "You're hurting me!"

Just as the memory vanished, Duncan's vision cleared. He gaped in horror at the anguish on Methos' face. Roughly pulling out of the older man caused Methos to cry out in pain. The ancient sank to the floor in weariness. Duncan was horrified at the sight of the blood between the smith's legs. Then, to his shock, Methos began to laugh.

"I only told you to slow down," he declared. "I never said you should stop."

Duncan couldn't believe what he was hearing. He couldn't speak. He just stood above Methos, shaking his head.

Noting the young man's silence, Methos turned to look at him. He was stunned by the guilt he saw in the Highlander's eyes.

"Duncan?"

The Scot burst into tears. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I swear it won't happen again." Saying this, he swiftly ran outside the smithy.

Methos stood up, not minding the soreness between his legs, and followed his lover.

The Highlander was kneeling on the ground, his arms wrapped around his trembling form. Methos approached and squatted down before him.

"Please don't cry, Duncan," he whispered soothingly. "I'm not angry with you. I understand. You lost control." Methos shuddered at the memory of those blazing eyes. "We all get carried away by our passions sometimes."

"No, you don't understand!" Duncan exclaimed in despair. "I had a vision again. I raped someone. A woman! I made her husband watch! After I was done, I killed them both."

"MacLeod, memories are tricky things. Maybe you witnessed this...this atrocity, or someone told you about this crime. It has become etched in your mind that you think you killed two people."

"No!" the Highlander argued. "I know I killed them! Their blood is on my hands! And I liked it! I liked the smell of their blood! God, Methos! Who am I? Am I a monster?"

Methos hugged him tightly. "No, you're not a monster! You're my lover, and I'll keep on saying it until you believe it!"

Almost hesitantly, the Scot whispered, "I saw something else too."

"What is it? What did you see?"

"The man with the painted face. I saw him again." Duncan buried his face in the ancient's shoulder. "Methos... I...I think he raped me."

That night, while the Highlander was washing the dishes, Methos went out for a stroll. Climbing the fence of the corral, he sat down on top and stared at the crescent moon. His thoughts, however, were on the young man inside the house.

Remembering what happened earlier in the smithy, Methos mused, Who are you, MacLeod? It's like there are two people inside you - Death, the cold blooded killer and Duncan, whose gentle, honorable heart could not stand even the mere idea of hurting someone. For now, your good side has the upper hand. But with every flash of the past that returns to you, Death surfaces, growing stronger each time. When that time comes, what's going to happen to us? I can't bear the thought of losing you to the Master. I just can't.

"Methos?" Duncan's voice snapped him out of his reverie. Turning, he saw the Highlander standing at the open door. "It's cold out here! Aren't you going to come in yet?" Duncan began hesitantly, "If you're afraid of me, I could sleep in the barn."

So thoughtful, so kind, so loving. A smile formed on Methos' lips. "You're not going to sleep in the barn. I'm coming."