
Author: Priapus

Title: Busting a Nut

Part: 3 of 6

Summary: A man is lured out of a strip club to a palatial estate
and finds himself the guest of honor at an orgiastic celebration.

Keywords: MF, MM, M+F+, Fdom, cbt, fist, rape, tort, nc, snuff,
vore

Universe: Scythian Sisterhood

Busting a Nut

Priapus <priapic_wonder@yahoo.com>


http://castrisecret.tumblr.com/

Pandora stood and approached the captive man, whispering into his
ear as Orion and Joy kissed passionately.  How long has it been
since you made love to Joy as Orion will make love to her?  Have
you ever treated her so tenderly?  John realized he had not, he
had never seen her so beautiful, and he had never felt such
jealousy.

You must realize now that she is the reason you are here.  We
worked hard to care for her, to hide your physical abuse.  We
worked even harder to make her understand her worth as a woman,
to restore the humanity that your years of degrading
psychological abuse stripped away.  Johns anger turned to fury.
 He strained at his bonds fitfully, determined to kill as many of
them as he could, starting with his lying, cheating bitch of a
wife, before they took him down.  Pandora only smiled, knowing
that the bonds would hold.

Tonight is her rebirth as a free Sister of Scythia.  She has
sought asylum with us, and we have gladly granted it.  As a full
citizen of our order, she will be protected forever from evil men
like you wherever she chooses to live. With these words, Pandora
ceased her verbal taunting and receded from Johns attention,
leaving him nothing to do but watch as the older man made love to
his wife.

Orion kissed his way between Joys legs.  In her fifteen years of
marriage, and in all her eighteen years before, Joy had never
felt the delicate, skilled touch of a mans tongue and lips on
her delicious pussy.  Orions compassion and expertise quickly
brought her to the first orgasm of her night, and the only orgasm
she had ever experienced except by her own hand.  John had never
witnessed the beauty of his wifes face and body in the throes of
ultimate pleasure.

Over the course of the next hour, he would watch with a mixture
of jealousy, anger and growing fear as his beautiful wife would
be brought to peak after peak under the affectionate touch of a
caring lover.

All the while, Joy never once glanced over at him.  Though John
hung obscenely naked and grossly displayed at the center of the
filled amphitheater, he felt completely isolated and totally
alone during her public and passionate lovemaking.

Over the course of the next hour, Joy was transformed from a
beaten, abused wife into a radiant, powerful woman.  As Orion
gently lay atop her, coaxing yet another trembling orgasm with
his thick, stiff member, she pulled his face close and whispered
in his ear, giving him permission to achieve his own climax.  In
another few strokes, he pressed fully into her and released his
copious semen deep within.

She whispered again, and when he gave her a questioning look, she
nodded confidently.  He withdrew his still-hard member and
stepped up alongside her at the head of the divan, facing John so
that he could witness her selfless act of sensuous gratitude as
Joy tenderly cleaned their combined juices from Orions cock and
balls, and coaxed out the last droplets of salty cum into her
open mouth.  She rolled away from Orion, toward John, but her
gaze went right past him to something or someone beyond.

Joy nodded silently and Pandora again stepped forward to Johns
ear.  We all thought that it would take more time, and that
perhaps it would never happen that Joy would willingly take a man
into her most private of entrances after you repeatedly raped her
there over the years of your marriage.  Shes giving herself
willingly to Orion now to show us how much stronger she is, how
much more resilient, and how much she wants to see you suffer for
your transgressions.

John felt Pandoras breathy whisper recede behind him.  Orion
spooned his body against Joys.  Her eyes briefly closed as she
felt his manhood, slick with a generous amount of freshly applied
lubricant, press against her forbidden opening.  Orions cock had
diminished somewhat since his own recent orgasm, but it was still
rigid enough to penetrate her trembling bottom, but no longer so
large as to cause pain or discomfort.

Joys mouth formed an oh of satisfaction as Orion carefully,
slowly entered her tight ass.  She opened her eyes and for the
first time looked directly at John as a smile of vengeful
contentment shaped her lips.  At that moment, John felt a
pressure at the entrance of his own ass.  The crowd watched in
silence, respectful of the symbolic importance of Joys complete
control of the ceremonial humiliation of her tormenting former
spouse.

Pandora pressed the head of the thick, hard metal dildo against
the unprotected and vulnerable opening of the dangling captive,
waiting for the right moment to impale him mercilessly with its
full, unlubricated length.  The dildo had been sculpted in the
form of Johns own erect cock, and was nearly identical except
that it was thicker and longer, widening toward the base, and
studded with rings of tiny, sharp metal studs.

In careful and delicate fashion, Orion finally pushed into Joy as
deeply as he could.  He reached around and guided his lovers
fingers to her still wet pussy.  Almost as soon as she touched
her tender clitoris Joy started to quiver in a deep, quaking
orgasm more powerful than any she had felt that night.  Her moans
of pleasure signaled Pandora, who despite her diminutive size,
still possessed the strength necessary to ram the dreadful metal
phallus into Johns ass in a single powerful thrust.

John writhed in agony, straining at his bonds as his rectum was
painfully widened by the unyielding instrument, and his insides
torn by the vicious metal studs.  Pandora showed no mercy, in the
same way John had not shown mercy when he first anally raped his
own wife many years ago.  As soon as the dildo the widest point
depth, she rapidly withdrew it and just as quickly rammed it in
again.  With each thrust, Johns fresh, red blood coated the
torture instrument more thoroughly, and made Pandoras continued
persecution that much easier.

Once Joys orgasm at last subsided, Pandora pushed the
blood-soaked rasp deep inside her tormented captive one final
time.  The flared base kept it firmly in place in his badly
damaged rectum as the suspended victim lost a steady, thin stream
of blood onto the arena floor.

Pandora moved over to the divan and helped the well-satisfied Joy
into a seated position between her and Orion.  The three spent a
few moments in a conspiracy of whispers as they discussed the
fate of the suspended captive.  Joy seemed unable to decide about
something.  Orion rose on instructions from his niece, returning
a few moments later with three of the leather-clad male servants,
who formed a semicircle in front of Joy.  Pandora produced a
small metal key from the end of her gold-tasseled toga belt, and
reached under the belt of each man to unlock the strap that
covered their male parts.  The newly liberated wife seemed
shocked at first, then curious, reaching out to touch each of the
mens crotches, returning to one man several times.

Orion had positioned the men so that, despite being in the middle
of a filled amphitheater and only a few feet from their bound
subject, none but the three could effectively see or hear what
was occurring on the divan.  Pandora locked the men back into
their belts, and Orion, still nude, but no longer sporting an
impressive erection, ushered them off the stage.

Joy and Pandora sat for a while longer, talking quietly and
gesturing toward John, looking at him, but with unsympathetic
eyes, as though they were considering the fate of a farm animal
that had outlived its service.  Finally, Joy made up her mind;
she smiled at Pandora and even laughed gently.  A tear rolled
down her cheek, but judging from the continued presence of her
soft, warm smile, it was a tear of bittersweet happiness, and not
of sadness or loss.

A pang of fear knotted Johns gut.  He had guessed what was about
to occur, but had tried as hard as he could to avoid thinking
about it.  He tried to imagine that the whole process would soon
be over, that his wife would forgive him for his years of
misdeeds and abuse, that Pandora would take pity on him and spare
him the fate he dared not consider.

When they were finished, Pandora gave Joy a long loving hug.  The
women stood and the hostess helped her newly initiated sister to
cover her nudity with her silken tunic.  The two then shared a
deep, long, passionate kiss.  Joy returned to her seat on the
divan as the mistress of ceremonies called forth the corner men
and her two nubile assistants from backstage where they had been
waiting, then took her own position behind Johns suspended,
helpless form.

The burly male servants had stripped to simple loincloths, which
was really nothing but a short soft leather drape looped through
the front of a leather belt.  The skimpy clothing barely covered
their generous endowments.  The handsome men pushed two serving
carts covered with white drapes onto the stage.  One they parked
behind the divan, and the other in front, between the divan and
the dangling chair.  Once the carts were in their designated
positions, the two consorts in front of the divan knelt at Joys
feet, ready to attend to her physical desires.  The two behind
uncovered the cart to reveal a selection of wines, cheeses,
fruits and meats, ready to attend to her hunger and thirst.

For the time being, Joy waved off their attentions.  She wanted
to concentrate on the upcoming display, though she couldnt
resist playfully reaching out with her toe to shift the loincloth
of the man kneeling to her left, revealing his thick flaccid cock
and heavy balls.   She poorly feigned innocence, and left her
foot there against his warm skin.  As she watched the two young
girls approach the other cart, she absently rubbed his shaft with
her toes and brought it to near full erection.  She made a mental
note to take advantage of his readiness for service after the
ceremony was complete.

