Schoolgirl Slut 

For as long as I can remember I have always been a bit of a prick-teaser, although as a young schoolgirl I probably wouldn't have used that term to describe myself. However I always seemed to be conscious of my body and the fact that boys were always trying to get a glimpse up your skirt and would comment upon what colour knickers you were wearing. Where other girls used to be embarrassed about showing their knickers off I found it exciting and enjoyed the attention that I was able to attract. As I became more and more sexually aware I found myself deliberately flashing my knickers and getting a real thrill in doing so.

By around the age of 14 I was quite an expert at "accidentally" showing my panties off. I would sit on the grass during breaks with my knees together but raised up so that I could show my little pink or white panties off by keeping my feet apart. This has always been a favourite flashing pose of mine. You keep your knees together like a "good" girl should, but spread your feet apart so that, with your knees raised you can give a really good panty show to anyone sitting or standing in front of you whilst pretending to be completely unaware. You are being a total prick-teasing slut but appear to be just another careless innocent schoolgirl who hasn't quite mastered the art of keeping her knickers concealed. You can adopt the same "knees together feet apart" pose while sitting on steps or on a desk in the classroom with your feet up on a chair in front.

In the summer all of the girls would sunbathe on the school field, usually in close proximity to were the boys were hanging out or playing football. Hitching our skirts right up to show off our legs and little white triangles, undoing the buttons on our blouses and rolling them up to just about cover our tits. Some of the more daring girls, myself included, would allow our legs to gradually drift apart, playing some slow teasing game with the boys, trying to compete with each other for their lusty attention until we were laying with our legs shamelessly wide open and our panties on complete display. Basqing in the glorious sun and schoolboy attention our little virgin cunts would be oozing pussy juice and gaping open for some hard young throbbing dick. We would get so sexed up that some of us would flip over onto our tummies and, with our legs still spread apart, grind our pulsating clits into the hard grass. We didn't always reach orgasm but our little panties would be soaked in pussy juice and the thin cotton material would cling to your fanny so that the shape of your pussy was clearly visible. For some of us girls this was accentuated by pulling our panties right up into our cunts. God knows what sort of wanking those poor young impressionable boys got up to after seeing some of us girls laying on the grass with our legs wide open, cunt-juice-soaked knickers pulled right up into our quims. I would always ensure that my pussy lips were spread apart and my panties pulled right up between them so that they even peeped out of the sides of my knickers.


By the time we got into sixth form we would think nothing of sitting at our desks with our legs wide open in the full knowledge that the male teachers at the front of the class had a birds-eye view of our little tease-boxes. We knew they couldn't touch us and they were too embarrassed or shy to say anything so they just had to stand there and try and conduct the lesson whilst staring up the skirts of these sex-starved, cock-teasing teenage girls. Most of the girls wore little skimpy thongs by this time so god knows what was being displayed but we could see the growing bulges in their trousers as their cocks lengthened and stiffened.

In the winter when most of the girls took to wearing tights and the prick-teasing season came to an end I decided to outdo them all by wearing black hold-up stockings and even took to twisting my little thongs in such a way that my completely shaven pussy was barely covered when I opened my legs under the desk. This became another favourite tease of mine. You get to show your cunt off but don't look like a total slut because you are still wearing panties. It is just that they are so skimpy and "fixed" in such a way that they do not cover your pussy. I even used to check myself out in the mirror at home so that I could see exactly what I was flashing. I'm telling you that there is nothing more guaranteed to get your clit aroused than opening your legs to show off your stocking tops and little thong knowing that it doesn't even cover your dripping pussy. I guess school was the place where I first learnt how to use pussy power to get the things that I wanted which initially was just male attention and adoration but later developed into pure cock-lust. 
