Rebecca dares!
by sharksauce

Rebecca dares! - Chapter 1

She was just supposed to take out the trash.

It was 3 AM on a wednesday and Rebecca was ready for bed. She and her boyfriend Jesse were currently between jobs so they usually stayed up late. She had taken a shower and put on her cozy sweatpants that were missing the drawstring in the waist. She always wore them in the evening even though they were a few sizes too big. It didn’t matter around the house and that was the only place she ever wore them.
Actually they were Jesse’s pants but he preferred to wear jeans around the clock. 

She brushed her teeth and got out of the bathroom to find the stinking garbage bags by the front door in the hallway. Jesse had the habit of always leaving the garbage by the door instead of taking it to the garbage building across the parking lot.

“Jesus, Jesse!” she shouted, “It takes like two minutes to take the garbage out, why you gotta leave it here to stink up the place?”
“I’m sorry, Bex!” Jesse replied from the bedroom, “I was planning to take them out in the morning...”
“Yeah right!” Rebecca said quietly to herself, she knew he was sure to forget it tomorrow, as he did every other morning. “It’s okay, I’ll do it!”

She put on her old worn out sneakers, put the keys in her pocket and grabbed one garbage bag in each hand and went out the door.

Rebecca and Jesse lived in an apartment complex in a peaceful area. Nothing horrible ever happened (and nothing really exciting either). Their apartment was below the ground floor so there was a short flight of stairs before the main entrance.

Rebecca started to walk up the stairs. After just a couple of steps she could feel the sweatpants slowly moving downwards, not much but noticeably so. Usually this was not that big of a deal, but usually she was inside the apartment and usually she had panties on. That’s right, she didn’t bother putting on panties after her shower since she was going to bed soon anyway, and she mostly slept naked. Surely the extra weight from the keys did it’s part too.

She didn’t mind the pants sliding down a bit, she knew her bottom would prevent them from falling down. Little did she know that it was the friction of her panties keeping the pants up usually. This time, when there was no clingy cloth to hold on to, and only her smooth skin, the pants slowly slid down for every step.
She didn’t think much of it and as she got to the top of the stairs she noticed that the garbage bags had started dripping some nasty fluid. She held her arms out a bit to prevent the goo to get on her shoes.

When she opened the front entrance she realized that the situation with the pants was getting out of hand so she put down the garbage bags and pulled the pants up again. Nothing was shown anyway, but she didn’t want to stand in the parking lot with her bare ass on display... Or did she?
No, of course not! But there was a slight tingling sensation all over her skin just before she pulled those pants up, that she could not deny.

No doubt she would be mortified if someone other than Jesse caught her naked anywhere, anytime, but the thought of the risk started a nervous but arousing sensation all through her bones and… down there.
She wondered what it would be like if her pants were to fall down on the way to the garbage room. It was late enough for everybody to be sleeping, or at least not looking out of their windows... maybe...

She made a little bet with herself. She was going to cross the parking lot without touching her pants and if they were to fall to the ground she would quickly pull them up again and nobody should be able to catch her, right? It was dark enough, no doubt, but the light outside the garbage room threw a fading light over the far side of the parking lot.

No!
She wasn’t going to do it! It was far to risky! And all she had on up top was her baggy crop top, ending just below her bellybutton. She grabbed the bags, held them out from her body and went out into the night.

But then it came upon her again. That vibrating sensation all the way to her fingertips. She stopped again and felt the pants once again slowly sliding down her hips and cheeks.

In the blink of an eye she was moving again, now only thinking of what it would feel like to stand bare assed in the parking lot. Her eyes were focused on the door to the garbage room, but they glanced quickly back and forth to see if someone was nearby.
The pants slowly continued to slide as she gently made her way through the, almost empty, parking lot.

Soon she could feel she was sporting a pretty generous plumber’s crack and since she was now only halfway through her distance she began to panic. This was going to happen! The closer she came the more lit the surroundings became. “Just a few more seconds, please!”.

Then it happened! Just outside the door! Or at least it would have if Rebecca hadn’t freaked out and pulled her pants up at the last thrilling second. She had to suppress a scream and instead went with a nervous “Nnnnnnnnn!”

The moment she pulled her pants up she dropped the nasty garbage bags, one of which landed on her right foot. The nervous arousal was quickly replaced by disgust as she felt something wet and gooey. The bag had burst and slime she didn’t want to know the origin of was now seeping through her shoe.

She quickly pulled of her shoe, opened the door and threw it in the garbage bins along with the bags. She didn’t know what she would need the other shoe for so she tossed it in as well.

Luckily there was a washstand so she could rinse that nasty smell off her foot.

As she washed her feet she couldn’t help but feel a little disappointed by how things had gone. Not so much by the destroyed shoes, they were done for anyway. No it was the fact that she lost a bet. And to herself, nonetheless! She had pulled up the pants to early. She would have to make this up to herself. On the way back she wasn’t going to touch her pants even if there was a news team reporting live outside. If they fell, they fell and she was not even allowed to pull them back up until she was inside the building again!

“Why am I doing this to myself?” she thought.

The answer was obvious when she felt between her legs. She wanted this! She needed this! She didn’t need to be seen, but she needed this little adventure in her mundane life.

She opened the door again. No news team. Great!

It was a bit chilly to go barefoot on the asphalt this time of night, but nothing too bad.

She was really careful this time. The last thing she wanted was to be walking like a penguin the whole distance with her pants around her feet. Oh, she wanted the pants to fall, sure! Just not now.

Halfway through the lot her pants were holding on for bare life. No other life was seen or heard though. Just the wind and maybe a distant car.
Now she was moving with baby steps to prevent the pants from falling too soon. Her white butt cheeks was now visibly out in the open.
“Oh my god!” she thought clenching her jaws as well as her bottom. This proved to be a mistake since that made the pants fall to the ground like a wet mattress.

Her first impulse was to bend down and pull them up, but on her way down she froze in position. She still had a couple of meters to go. She owed this to herself.
Quickly, or as quickly as one can move with pants round ones ankles, she darted to the front door, pulling it maybe a bit to hard for a locked door. She immediately became aware of her situation and reached down to her pockets to retrieve the key.

Looking anxiously around she hurried to unlock the door and get inside the building.

Her pants were back up in a fraction of a second.

“Oh my god!” she thought again, panting nervously.
“That was insane!”
“That was stupid!”
“That was...” she paused in her thoughts, “AWESOME! Oh my god, who am I?!”


Rebecca dares! - Chapter 2

Once back inside the apartment she had already decided she wasn’t done for the night. She wanted more and she wanted it now!

She walked out in the kitchen and emptied the trashcan and on the way past the bedroom she stopped.
“I’m taking these out too.”
“But that’s not even half full?” Jesse said.
“I know but the garbage truck came when I was out, so I might as well.”
“Oh, alright.” Jesse said, not considering the late hour.

This time was much easier. The thrill was the same, but the fear was not. It was like if she’d been drinking or was on some kind of high. This was something she’d never felt before.
Maybe it wasn’t as much the exposure as it was that the exposure might seem unintentional. That anyone (hopefully not) observing might think that she didn’t mean to expose herself, that it was an accident.
Well, that was unlikely considering the fact that she purposely didn’t pull her pants back up when they fell.

What if something happened that made her stay naked a while and made it impossible to cover right back up, she thought.

On the side of the garbage house was a ladder leading to the roof.
If this had been a cartoon, a light bulb would have lit over Becca’s head, cause she had a stroke of genius!

After throwing that other bag away Becca rounded the garbage building to check the ladder out. Oh yes, it was as she thought. The ladder had once been a slide-down ladder so it was in two parts, of which the lower one was loose and now only leaning against the wall with quite a big gap between them.
As Becca stepped on the lower part she could already feel that she was showing some skin. She did however get to the top of the lower part without her pants falling.

“Perfect!” she thought, feeling that nervousness heighten again. She pulled her pants back all the way and reached for the upper part of the ladder as she balanced on the lower one. When she got a hold on the third step from the bottom she intentionally leaned so that the lower part of the ladder fell to the side, landing softly in the grass. This of course made her pants fall down too. In fact they almost fell completely off!

Here she was, hanging by her hands with her pants clinging on one foot. This was actually a little more than she hoped for. She’d only wanted the pants to fall down to her feet, not off one foot.
Looking down she realized that it was further down than she’d thought. She wouldn’t dare letting go from this height!
At the same time she felt her pants sliding on her foot and in a motion to save them she instead kicked them away to the side of the building.

“Oh God, please get me out of this! If you do I promise not to do anything like this ever again!”

Well, God was probably not listening, or perhaps he was enjoying the show because in the distant she heard a car approaching.
Becca froze as she pondered her possibilities. Should she climb up on the roof? No, that would only make her more visible to all the apartments in the area.

She decided to just hold on tight and stay still.

Through a wooded area with a playground she saw a car closing up, headlights beaming.

As the car closed up Becca almost lost her grip in nervousness. She almost peed.

Suddenly the car turned and ended up on the far opposite side of the garbage building, slowing down, door opening and closing. A beep signaling that the car alarm was activated and then a sound of an entrance door closing.

“Maybe there is a god after all” Becca thought. As the thought came upon her the ladder let go from the wall and she was thrown on the ground.
A hoarse hissing came out of her as she hit the ground, she wasn’t hurt as much as she was shocked.
She swiftly picked up her sweatpants, pulled them on and hurried home.

When she got inside she found that Jesse was asleep. If only he had known what she’d been up to... What would he think of her? Was she a pervert? A sick, twisted exhibitionist?

That last word made her want to go out again.

She didn’t hesitate this time. Out the door she went. She’d made it this far, and how probable was it that there were two late homecomers on a night like this? She liked the odds.

Before she went out of the main entrance she wondered what she’d do next. That ladder thing would be hard to top. She remembered that playground. There were thousands of possibilities with that place.

Once outside again she didn’t hesitate to hurry to the playground, not a worry that her pants kept falling down. She even put a stone in each of her pockets to make the pants fall faster. This made it almost impossible to keep them up.
But this felt kind of old now. She needed to up the ante, but not in a way that would end with her stuck someplace again. She did however want to go out with a bang!

On the playground there was a bowl strapped to two rubber cords, like some kind of sand catapult or something. Becca thought it looked a bit dangerous for little kids but didn’t care too much for little kids at this moment. She got the idea to use it to shoot her pants up in the air like fireworks for a finale.
When she got her pants off and put them in the bowl it didn’t seem enough. If she was going out she would be going out BIG!

In a matter of seconds her top was in the basket too.

Now, without a stitch on her body she was ready. This was it! The big finale!

She stretched the rubber bands to a maximum and as she let go the thought hit her that maybe this was taking it too far? And judging by the amount of air her clothes got that thought might have been right.
The stones! She’d forgot about the stones in her pockets!

Her clothes landed all the way over by the sidewalk on the far side of the road.

“Oh crap! This is to much!” she thought to herself running to collect her lost items. As she did so she heard an entrance door open somewhere. She couldn’t see where.
“This is bad! This is really, really bad”

She quickly hid by the fallen ladder of the garbage building. Someone was getting into a car. She saw the headlights beam up and soon they where on their way too her side of the building!
As the car closed in on her she rounded the corner to hide from sight. Soon the car stopped again. What was this about?
She leaned around the corner to see that it was the paperboy. Or papergirl in this case. It hadn’t been someone coming home late before, that was the papergirl doing her round.
As the papergirl went in another entrance Becca hurried to the place where her clothes was. But there was a problem. A big one!

The car had parked on top of her pants. Her top was free and she managed to get that on in good time, but what was she to do with the pants?

She decided to leave them there. Jesse was asleep anyway, he wouldn’t notice her coming home without pants. So that’s what she did. Running bottomless towards her door she realized that her keys where in the pocket of the pants!

“Oh ...! Just what I needed!”


Rebecca dares! - Chapter 3

As she approached the car again she crouched by the driver’s side to hide when suddenly the entrance door opened again. What was she to do now? The papergirl would surely come to this side to enter the car.
But nothing happened.
Silence...

“Oh no! She’s spotted the pants!” Becca thought and without thinking she quickly stood up trying her best to keep calm. “He-ey!” she said smiling nervously and found that the girl was looking into her phone.

“Aah!” the girl exhaled heavily, “My god! Are you insane?!”

“I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you...” Becca continued, “...but you have parked on my pants...” she looked around to see if anybody was looking out of their window to see what was going on. All windows were dark. No faces seen. Good!

“I have parked on your pants? What do you mean?”

“A pair of my pants are stuck under your tire. Could you perhaps just move your car a couple of feet so I can get them?”

Now the papergirl saw the pants sticking out from under the car.

“Why are your pants in the street?”

“It fell down from my balcony... the clothesline on my balcony... as I was picking up my clothes... from drying.”

“Oo-kay? Well, I was going to continue my route soon anyway so it’s not that much trouble.”

She started to walk to the other side of the car and Becca went the opposite way around the back of the car.
The girl, stopped for a second, slowing her pace, confused.

“What are you doing?”

“Eh... going to get my pants...” she said quirkily, “I figured since they are on this side I should go... where they are...”.

Becca looked around nervously, forcing a smile. The girl looked as if she was going to say something but paused for a moment. Becca swallowed.

“You’re not wearing any pants, are you?” the girl said.

“What?” Becca snickered, obviously lying, “Of course I am!”

“Then why are you so nervous?”

“Nervous? I’m not nervous. This is just how I am. I mean... I’m not!”

The girl just looked at her. A sly smirk slowly appeared across her face.

“I just have two more houses on this street, or staircases really... Just wait here and I’ll help you.”

She started to walk away.

“No, stop!” Becca whispered as loud as she could. “...what’s you name?”

“Emily.”

“Okay, Emily! I’m Rebecca. This might seem very odd, but I really need those pants! My keys are in the pocket.”

“Sure! Just wait here and I’ll help you. Unless...”

“Unless what?”

“Unless you have anything to confess.”

Becca realized there was no point fighting anymore.

“Okay...”

“Okay what?”

“Okay, I’m naked...”

“You’re what?!” Emily said shocked?

“I don’t have any pants.”

“But you do have panties on, right?”

“Well, yeah... or... No, I don’t... actually!”

“Holy shit! This is messed up! How come?”

“Can I get my pants first, and I’ll explain?”

“Sure! I’ll help you right, but you have to sit down in my car and tell me what this is all about!”

“Alright...” Becca said, ashamed.

Emily got in her car and rolled a couple of feet so Becca could get her pants on and join her in the passenger seat.

“Okay nudiegirl, tell me what’s going on!”

“Well...” Becca said, “I was just supposed to take out the trash...”


Rebecca dares! - Chapter 4

Becca told Emily everything that had happened, and Emily listened with wide eyes and ears, curiously adding questions whenever Becca came to a pause.

“So, you did all this to yourself?”

“Yes”

“Because it turned you on?”

“I guess..” Becca shamefully admitted. “But I never intended on getting caught.”

“But that’s the thrill, I figure? The risk of getting caught?”

“I guess so...”

“Wow! This is totally insane!”

“Well... Now you know. Can I go now?” 

“No, no, no! I didn’t mean it like that! I mean.. It’s seriously messed up but in a good way. I think you’re awesome for doing this!”

“What do you mean?”

“I mean... I would never dare to do something like that! But I can really see why someone would! It’s so exciting! Did really nobody see you?”

“Only you.”

“Well, I didn’t really see you, I just got to know your secret...”

They sat quietly for a few seconds.

“So... are you going to continue now?” Emily asked.

“No, I think I’ve had enough fun for one night...”

“Why? It’s all gone so well, hasn’t it?”

“Maybe. But I wasn’t planning on things going so far.”

Becca could tell Emily was excited.

“Why do you care?” Becca asked.

“I don’t know. I just find it arous... I mean... It’s so interesting! Don’t you want to do more?”

Becca thought for a second. “Well… I guess I do.”

“Then you should totally do it!”

“What’s in it for you?”

“I think it’s exciting! I would love to be able to do something like this!”

“Then why don’t you?”

“I would never dare! But I would love to help you! I could be your lookout? And help you to push yourself further?”

Emily was clearly turned on by this. Becca got an idea.

“Okay, let’s make a deal!” Becca said as Emily’s eyes widened with anticipation. “You get to decide what I do next, and if I do it, I get to decide something for you to do!”

Emily was instantly thrown out of her zone. She started stuttering.

“Wha-wha-what do you mean?”

“I mean that I agree to do something that you tell me to do if you do something I tell you afterwards.”

“Like what?”

“Like a nude dare.”

“No! Nononono! NO!” Emily responded. “I could never do anything like that!”

“Well then, see you later!” 

Becca opened the door and Emily panicked.

“We-we-well, what kind of nude dare could it be? I wouldn’t dare to do something like what you did... But maybe...”

“Maybe what?”

“...maybe something easier? Not as daring?”

“Alright.” Becca closed the door again. “What do you dare me to do?”


Rebecca dares! - Chapter 5

Emily started to shiver with anticipation as she gave Becca her directions. She was to get out of the car, grab one of Emily’s remaining postbags, and deliver newspapers to the next staircase wearing her loose sweatpants. If her pants were to fall she had to continue all the four floors to the top before pulling them up again. She was NOT allowed to touch the pants with her hands before she reached the top floor. Emily would follow her steps through the big staircase windows that made her totally visible to the outside, and if someone were to enter the building Emily would honk the horn to warn her.

“Alright. Let’s do this!” Becca said to herself, entering the building. These were all her neighbors and many of them were sure to recognize her if they caught her.

She cleared the first steps without much trouble but before she even completed the first set of stairs she felt the pants slipping. Even though she wanted them to fall, she didn’t feel ready just yet. If they fell now it would make it much harder to climb the steps with them curled up round her ankles.
She completed the first floor’s deliveries and was already giving a lot of crack. As soon as she stepped on to the next floor she felt the pants falling to her knees.
Luckily she was midstep as they fell so she could keep them up as long as she took wide steps.

As she got midfloor, where the window showcased her to the parking lot, she caught a glimpse of Emily cheering her on silently. She was shaking with excitement. This strangely made Becca more self confident and for a second she forgot to take wide steps and her pants fell to the ground like they where magnetic. She could see Emily’s eyes opened wide as well as her mouth.
She proceeded to the second floor and noticed that it wasn’t so hard to walk with the pants round her ankles as she thought. In fact it was easier than round her knees.

She delivered papers to the second floor and as she got the window again she started teasing Emily, pushing her butt towards the glass and giving it a light slap. She could see Emily drawing her hand towards her crotch and quickly come to her senses again, putting it in her pocket instead.
Emily probably didn’t realize how obvious her excitement was, and Becca enjoyed every second of it. In fact so much that as she stepped forward to the third floor her left foot accidentally stepped out of the pants completely! This was bad news. The pants now only clinged to her right foot as she proceeded up the stairs and one, two, three she felt them slip pass her right heel...

She froze.

Continuing now meant leaving the pants behind completely. Which also meant that she wouldn’t be able to cover up quickly if someone would come out of their apartment.
This was difficult. She slowly stepped out of her pants and delivered papers to the third floor.
She looked down to see her pants in a bundle in the middle of the steps. She felt drops, actual drops running down her leg. She accidentally let out a tiny moan and quickly put her hand over her mouth.
She figured the best thing to do now was to complete the staircase as fast as possible, without making any noise. Her bare feet helped with that.
As soon as she’d delivered the last papers she started moving downwards again. Looking out she caught a glimpse of Emily with her hand inside her pants, quickly pulling it out again and behind her back.
She picked up her pants and pulled them back on and took a deep breath and slowly continued down the stairs and out to Emily.


Rebecca dares! - Chapter 6

As Becca walked through the door Emily stretched her arms out with joy, mouthing “THAT WAS AMAZING!”.
They got in the car again and almost hugged each other, but realized that would be weird so they awkwardly shook hands instead.

“How did it feel? Tell me everything!” Emily said.

“It felt incredible! I got so wet I…”
Becca paused.

“What?!” Emily incited.

“I actually started dripping!” Becca laughed embarrassed.

“Oh my god! Lucky you! That looked so intense!”

“Well, you don’t have to envy me!” Becca said “Now it’s your turn!”

Emily looked as if someone had poured snow down her back.

“Come on! You promised!”

“Weeeell... What did you have in mind?” Emily said, not moving another muscle.

“I don’t know... How about...” Becca thought out loud. “How about you get naked and run two lapse around the car?”

“Are you insane? I could never do that!” Emily almost screamed.

“Ok, how about one lap, bottomless?”

“No, never!”

“Topless?”

“Even worse!”

Becca paused.

“You’re not making this easy for me, you know...” she said.

“I know, I’m sorry but I’m not as brave as you are. I need more time. What if you do another dare first and then I have to do two?”

“That was not part of the deal!” Becca said, now quite irritated. “How will I know you’ll do it next time?”

“Ok, what about if I wear my shirt and panties?”

“No, that’s not even a dare! Anyone could do that!”

“Bra and panties..? They are my favorite set! Almost seethrough!”

“Better, but still not good enough. You really disappointed me, Emily!”

Emily looked devastated.

“I’m so SO sorry, but I’m not ready yet...”

The silence that followed was really intense. Becca couldn’t believe Emily didn’t follow through. She really wanted her to do a dare before the night was over.

“Okay” Becca said finally. “I’ll do one more dare and then you have to do two! Two naked dares! Not totally nude but at least showing something!”

Emily lit up like a lighthouse.

“Thank you, thank you, thank you! I promise I’ll follow through next time!”

“Okay, so what have you got for me?”

“How about you do the next staircase topless? With the pants.”

This actually sounded really good in Beccas ears but it would also mean that the stakes were higher. But the stakes HAD to be higher the second time, she thought.

“Sure!” Becca said quickly pulling her shirt over her head and got out of the car with confidence, as if it was the most natural thing in the world. She grabbed another postbag and walked towards the entrance. 

This time she didn’t mind the pants starting to fall. In fact she bounced a little each step to make them fall earlier. Now totally naked she stepped out of them and finished the stairs in less than a minute. As she reached the forth floor she saw that the stairs continued up to another floor. Carefully she ascended the last flight of stairs and reached a door. She unlocked it and pushed it open. It was the door to the roof! 

“This will be a perfect dare for Emily!” she thought.


Rebecca dares! - Chapter 7

As Becca got back to the car she told Emily about the rooftop door.

“Are you serious? That’s amazing! That could be you next dare!” Emily said.

“My next dare? This was supposed to be your first one!”

“I know and I’m sorry, but that’s to intense for me and I realized I can’t do a dare here tonight anyways!”

“WHAT!?” Becca screamed at her.

“I know I promised to do my dares after you, but then I came to think about my job.”

“What about it?”

“I mean if my boss found out that I were naked on my round I would get fired in a flash!”

“Yeah, but the point is that no one should catch you!”

“Yes, but we don’t know that, do we?”

Becca realized Emily was right. It would be stupid to risk her job.

“But still it’s an amazing opportunity for a dare. I PROMISE you with all my heart that if you do this...” she hesitated “I’ll do THREE dares!”

Becca lightened up. “Five!” she said.

“Wha… but why?”

“You’re buying yourself some time, I think it’s only fair that you do some extra!”

“Four?”

“No! Five! With increasing difficulty!”

Emily gulped. “Okay, five! ...tomorrow!”

“Tomorrow?”

“Yes, tomorrow my vacation starts and that also means I can do them while it’s still dark. I don’t think I could do any dare at this hour.”

Becca just realized the sun had begun to rise. She contemplated her options.

“Okay... I’ll do this LAST dare. Then, tomorrow you have to do FIVE dares! With increasing difficulty!”

“Fine!” Emily said.

“But you have to give me something!” Becca continued.

“What do you mean?”

“Something that forces you to come back to me. Like your cell phone. How will I know you’ll come through otherwise?”

“I can’t give you my cell phone! I need it! I can give you my card, with all my details?”

“That’s good, but I need something more! Something you will come back for!”

“Like what?”

“Like your underwear!”

“My whaaat?” 

“You said it was your favorite set!”

“Yeah, but...”

“No buts!”

“But I’m not ready to get naked yet! I have to build up the courage!”

Becca dug in her pocket.

“See these keys?” she said “They go to that building over there, that’s the garbage building I told you about. Go in there, take of you underwear, and come back!”

Emily hesitated but had to admit, this was an easier way to do it.

“Alright...” she said quietly.

“But wait! Take these too!”

Becca took off her pants and handed them to Emily.

“Leave your own pants in the garbage room and put these on instead.”

“But what will you wear?”

“I’ll come back for them later!”

Emily grabbed the keys and walked to the garbage building and entered. Not a full minute later she came out wearing a very red face, Beccas pants and holding something in her hand. As she got back in the car she handed it over to Becca.
It was a lacy purple bra and a matching pair of hipster panties.

“Good! You did good! Now what do you want me to do?”

“Go up to the roof - bottomless, take of your shirt, throw it down to me and come back down to get it!”

Becca was surprised by Emily’s sudden gain of self confidence. This dare sounded like a real fun finale to the night, but it was getting early in the morning and soon someone could come out on their way to work. She looked at the dashboard clock and found that it was 5:23 PM.

“Alright, but this has to be over quickly! And remember! FIVE dares tomorrow!”

“Five dares tomorrow, you have my word!”

Without further ado Becca got out of the car and ran swiftly up the stairs.


Rebecca dares! - Chapter 8

As she reached the rooftop she found an old flattened beer can which she jammed under the door to keep it from closing behind her.
This had better go fast!

She slowly approached the edge of the roof and realized that five floors actually is very high!
Down on the parking lot she saw Emily standing outside of the car holding her pants by the waist, they seemed to fit even looser on her. It was strange but this was actually the first time it dawned on her that she had been bottomless this whole time.

Emily nodded to her that the coast was clear and she quickly pulled off her shirt and threw it down in a bundle to prevent it from sailing away with the wind. Emily caught it perfectly and gave her thumbs up.
As she turned to go back inside she heard a voice from the staircase so she quickly hid between the door and the ventilation shaft.

“Why is it so ...ing cold in here? Don’t tell me those god damned kids are up there drinkin’ again!” a male voice grunted from down the stairs, followed by footsteps coming up and some muffled shouting from what probably was his wife downstairs.

Soon the door moved a bit as the man pushed it open and overlooked the roof. The door slowly pressed tight against Becca’s breasts and she had to turn her feet so her toes didn’t peek out from under the door. The cold steel made her nipples rock hard.

“Hello!” the man said, “Anyone here?”.

Becca panicked! What should she do? If that door closed she could not come down again. Once again she was so nervous she almost peed herself.

“Damn kids!” the man said pulling the door shut.

“No...” Becca whimper almost inaudible as she saw her only way down come to an end.

“...! ...! ...!” she hissed, blaming Emily for putting her in this predicament. She had to signal for her to come up and unlock the door.
She walked back to the edge of the building and saw the man and his wife get into a car and drive away. BUT WHERE WAS EMILY?! Her car was still there but no sign of her anywhere!

Then she saw it. And it made her laugh out loud!

From the roof of the garbage building dangled a pair of sweatpants off the feet of an otherwise bottomless beauty. Apparently Emily had seen the couple coming down the stairs and thought that the best place to hide was on top of the garbage building, the ladder that Becca had pulled down was now leaning towards the wall but somehow Emily had lost her footing and her pants were now swinging from her feet.
Even though it was far away Becca could see that Emily had a really cute butt. Tiny but perfectly round and the way she was folded over the edge of the roof made it look even better.

Emily seemed to realize that the only way she could come down would be to kick off the pants and reach for the ladder.
Off came the pants and landed on the wet grass, and as soon as Emily had regained her footing she went down the ladder in a flash.

Becca laughed as Emily struggled with getting the now wet pants back on. She fell a couple of times before she was covered again.
This almost made Becca think Emily had done at least part of their deal. 
Almost!
She wouldn’t get away that easily if she didn’t have to.

Becca could see the red in Emily’s face from up where she stood.
She tried to signal for her to come up but Emily seemed to have another idea. She pointed to the side of the building and Becca found that there was a fire escape, but that wasn’t all. There was also a clothesline where someone had left a white towel.

Becca quickly covered up with the towel and carefully approached the fire escape. It was a tall straight ladder, surrounded by a safety grid to prevent someone from falling. Becca started feeling dizzy as she stepped down the ladder but she didn’t have a choice at this point.

Emily was standing at the foot of the ladder waiting for her, one hand holding Becca’s shirt and the other holding the waistline of the sweat pants.
She saw that the lower part of Beccas towel had gotten caught in the safety grid, something Becca hadn’t yet noticed. For each step she descended the towel rose higher up her backside. Emily started laughing when Beccas butt saw the light of day again.

Becca was now halfway down the ladder and just as she realized her butt was on full display she heard another door open. She looked down at Emily who was now looking in the direction of the sound.

A twenty-something guy had come out of the entrance closest to the fire escape. He saw Emily standing by the foot of the ladder and something made him come over.

“Hello there!” he said. “What’s your name?”

“Go away! Go! Away!” Becca thought to herself from her hanging position. He didn’t.

“I’m eh... I’m Emily! What’s up?”

“What’s up?” Becca thought “What’s up!? What’s wrong with her? Tell him to go away!”

She could feel the towel starting to slide off and quickly pushed her body towards the safety grid and managed to catch it with her butt.

“I haven’t seen you around here before” the guy continued, “Do you live here?”

“No, I just deliver the newspaper.” 

Becca tried to use her toes to grab onto the towel but only managed to pull it out from under her butt. It now hung from between her toes.

“Newspaper, huh? So what are you doing on this side of the house?”

“GO AWAY!” Becca screamed - in her mind.

“I was just looking for...” Emily looked around “MY SHIRT!”. She raised the hand holding Becca’s top. “It blew away in the wind...”

“Okay? Well the reason I came over to talk to you is because I thought you were really cute and I was wondering if you would... what the..?!”

He got interrupted by a white cloth falling over his head. Before he had the chance to look where it came from Emily grabbed the towel and started to wave it nervously in front of him, dancing and singing “La la la”.

As Becca climbed down the ladder Emily did her best to keep his eyes turned her direction. She quickly froze, as she felt her pants falling to the ground.


Rebecca dares! - Chapter 9

The sudden realization that her lower half was totally exposed to the guy made Emily lose her footing in the wet grass and she fell forward. In doing so she accidentally stepped out of the pants leaving her on all fours slipping down the hill.
Becca hurried down the rest of the ladder and ran past the guy and down the hill to grab Emily and dragged her back to the car.

“GO! GO! GO!” Becca screamed at Emily as they got inside.

“But we’re naked!” Emily said almost crying as she followed Beccas orders.

“I’M naked! Your bottomless! Now go before he recognizes me!”

Emily drove out from the street and round the corner. She stopped at the end of the following street,

“What should we do?!” she cried and Becca grabbed her head and…

She kissed her…

She didn’t understand why, but it felt like it had to be done.

They both sat silent for a while.

“I’m not…” Emily tried. “I mean I don’t…”

“You don’t fancy girls?” Becca filled in for her.

“No… I mean…”

“It’s okay, me neither. I don’t know what came ov…”

She was interrupted by Emily throwing herself over her, kissing her all over her face and putting her arms around her.

“What are we doing?” Emily said.

“I don’t know but let’s…”

“Yes! Let’s!”

Neither of them had ever been with a girl before, nor did they want to, but this was something else. They were both so turned on it didn’t matter who the other person was, but it sure added something that they had both shared this night together.

It was like they couldn’t control their hands and Emily didn’t think twice to put her fingers to good use between Becca’s legs, and Becca wasn’t late to return the favour.

As Becca’s other hand grabbed Emily’s ass they both came together furiously, screaming like agony but this was the far opposite from it.
They both floated down in the seat, breathing heavily, both gushing of sweat.

Becca was the first to say something.

“I… I’ve never came so hard in my life… and so fast! It was like… like magic!”

Emily just panted. Not able to speak. Finally she managed to gasp out some words.

“This… I agree… I mean I haven’t… I can’t… What...”

She realized she was sitting bottomless in Becca’s naked lap.

“I’m not a lesbian!” Emily finally managed to say.

“Neither am I, but this… had to happen! Don’t you think?”

They both silently agreed that this would never happen again, but that they were both really happy it did, this one time. It was like they had touched each other’s minds and were mentally synced.
Of course they wasn’t but this experience sure felt like it.

“My… my pants are still back at that house... thing…” Emily sighed.

“Do you still have my keys?”

“I… Actually I do!” Emily was surprised she’d actually had the presence to keep the keys in her hand the whole time.

“Let’s just stay here a little while and then go back for our clothes!” Becca suggested.

Emily had no reason to disagree with her.


Rebecca dares! - Chapter 10 (Final)

As they rolled back down Becca’s street they found that people had started their days. Some cars were missing and some were leaving at the moment. Realizing she was still completely naked Becca quickly launched forward in her seat.
The last of the moving cars left and the parking lot was now almost empty.

They drove right up to the door of the garbage building and Becca ran in and got Emily’s pants back. She handed them to her and stood up to look for her own clothes.
They were over at the hill where Emily had slipped down before. And they were covered in mud.

“No reason to get those back!” Becca said.

Then she had an idea.

She leaned into the car and pulled something out from beneath the passenger’s seat. She held it out in front of Emily. It was Emily’s purple underwear.

“You realize I’m keeping these? You owe me another adventure tomorrow!”

She put on Emily’s underwear, and sat down in the car.

“I guess so.” Emily responded and started the car and drove up to Becca’s entrance.

“Wait! Take one of these!”

Emily pulled out a business card from her wallet.

“I’m afraid I won’t follow up on my promise if you don’t make me. So, now you know how to reach me. Okay?”

“You’re sweet! That’s honest of you!”

They sat silent for a couple of minutes.

“Well, I guess I’ll see you tomorrow?” Becca finally got out of her.

“I guess you will!” Emily nervously added.

Not knowing how to say goodbye they just awkwardly shook hands and Becca stepped out of the car. Though she was only clad in Emily’s underwear she didn’t really take notice of it. This was the most clothes she’d had on for quite a while.

Emily drove away and Becca stepped inside her apartment and crawled up next to Jesse. He woke up in a fuzz as she came to bed.

“Did you have to pee?” he asked.

“Yeah… something like that.” Becca said smiling, drifting off to sleep in an instant.


THE END

