

This story contains material for the consumption of adults only.  If you are not of the age required to be reading such material, please leave this page.



Author: onemadvagabond
Codes: MF, nc, preg?
Title: Perfect


Sitting in his father's cabin at his favorite lake outside of town, he thought back over the past year. How had it come to this? How could he have let his life take the path that he was on now? The world he had known had been crumbling around him for the better part of three months. Now the situation he found himself in was irreversible. All he wanted was to turn back the clock, but that clock was worn and broken, just like his once promising life.

Thinking back to that defining moment almost a year before, the memories flooded his mind. They had met at the gym he attended three times a week almost religiously. Not that he was a health nut whom wanted to have the body of a God; in fact, he went three times a week in an attempt to stay as healthy as possible. His father had died at a relatively young age of heart disease, as well as extra time away from his frigid wife..

There she was, on a treadmill right next to him. Unable to take his eyes off her, he had actually found that his breathing had quickened its pace. His stomach had those butterflies that so many people had described throughout history. Although until that point, the phenomena had never presented itself not even with his wife whom he had thought the love of his life.

Tossing fidelity to the wind, he approached her a couple of weeks later. He had never been so nervous in his entire life. She was not the most beautiful woman he had ever laid eyes on, but she was everything he had always thought he wanted physically in a woman: toned body, not athletic; amazingly cute, not model beautiful. Her eyes were what grabbed his attention as he approached. A magnificent blue grey, the likes he had rarely seen. After only a few minutes in her presence, he found himself acting like a nervous teenager. To his surprise, she accepted his invitation to dinner.

The relationship moved along at a slow pace. They had spent just over two months together before it became sexual. That first time together had been the most amazing experience of his life. He loved the feel of her body, the smell of her skin, the little noises she made when they were snuggled together in bed afterwards. It was in those moments after their first time together that he fell in love with her.

How things had changed since that day. He had promised her he would leave his wife. Since they had yet to have children, this was merely a formality as far as he was concerned. The day he had told her he would was the day everything changed. Arriving home, his wife immediately confronted him with a short stack of photographs. She kicked him out of the house only moments later without even giving him the chance to defend himself, although he knew he had no defense in the matter. His father's small cabin would be his home for the time being.

He knew it was all a setup when she stopped answering his calls. It was not long before he found that his business partner had been sleeping with his wife for almost two years, and the new love of his life had actually been a setup. His partner had known what his true dream woman was like and found someone that fit the bill. She had kept him sufficiently busy and away from the office, enough to enact a complete take over of the company. He had lost everything he had built. He was the one that made the company what it was, not his so-called friend. Now it was all over. His wife was likely to get everything in the divorce settlement considering the prenuptial agreement that they had drawn up before marrying. He had agreed to a stipulation that in case of infidelity all bets were off. She had the proof. He did not.

He held all the cards now though. He laughed to himself as he gazed across the small main room of the cabin. He held all the cards indeed. His wife and partner were face down on the floor tied up. He had taken them at gunpoint. Every time he looked them in the eyes, he could see their terror. He had forced himself on his wife twice in the previous twenty-four hours. His belt had provided him with entertainment as he had used it on them numerous times, not drawing any blood, but to show them who was in charge. He did not like what he had become, but decided that they had brought it on themselves.

His mind drifted back to his lover. The entire time she had been tied to the bed in the other room. Obviously terrified from the things she had heard in the main room. It was now time to get reacquainted with her as well. Standing up he strode into the bedroom still completely nude. They had all been that way since he brought them there.

Upon entering the room she immediately began to whimper and beg through her taped mouth, all the while fighting with her bindings as she laid spread eagle on the old bed. God she really is perfect he thought. Well, as far as her physical appearance had been, she was perfect. The rest was still a big question. She had sent him a text, apologizing to him profusely. Saying she was so very sorry for what she had done, and even though she had been paid, she told him that she really did care for him.

Although he felt bad for what he was about to do, he needed to one more time. He had planned this out very carefully. Knowing that she was not on birth control, the kidnapping was timed for her most fertile period. Having not had sex with her without a condom on, this was going to be a very pleasurable experience for him.

Climbing onto the bed, he positioned himself over her. Looking down into her eyes, she had a few small tears leaking from those amazing eyes. Leaning in, he kissed one eyelid, then the other, and without warning he plunged his manhood into her velvety canal. Sinking to the bottom in one stroke, surprised that she was already providing the fluid needed for easy entry, he was immediately in a state of heaven.

Grabbing hold of a small breast in each hand, he squeezed hard and lightly pinched her beautifully shaped buds protruding from those gorgeous mounds, enticing a muffled squeal of pleasure from his siren. Pulling back until just the tip of his cock was just inside her and slammed back in, grinding himself into her as hard as he could. My God, he would miss that amazing body of hers.

Removing his right hand from her left breast, he reached under her and grabbed hold of her near perfect heart-shaped ass. Slowly he built up a rhythm, gliding in and out of her for the next twenty minutes. He was in heaven. He never thought sex could feel this good. His wife's pussy had always been nice, but this was out of this world. He wanted it to last as long as possible, but knew he could not hold on long. Looking into her eyes, he knew he had to feel her kiss this one last time as well.

When he pulled the tape from her mouth, she begged for his forgiveness. He said nothing as he forced his mouth to hers. Breathing in her breath, tasting her for one last time, he came hard -- harder than he had in all his life. Finishing with the kiss, he lifted his upper body from atop her and began to say he was sorry. Before he got the first word out, she screamed then the bang sounded. As the world went black, he heard her say she loved him.

The End


I wrote this story as a writing excorcise.  I tried to have a plot with a couple of twists and turns in a very short story.  If you did not like it, I apologize.  I will be adding more traditional long stories here as soon as I have them finished.