Entry 290

Ive noticed when you want something to work out a certain way, it may, it may not. 
When you dont care which way it works out, then it may, and it may not.
   I had a half bottle of Malibu, was typing on my computer when I heard Daddy coming 
in, like way way late. Moms in Cleveland at the convention thing, so hes going out, and 
staying out. He was kinda friendly with the temp working in the church this week too, 
laughing and she was all eyes on him, staring a hole in him. Anyways whatever.
   So I went through the door to the kitchen and was putting the bottle away, under the 
sink when he snapped on the light. I figured Id play drunk and that was pretty easy as it 
turned out, if you drink that much Malibu, in 3 hours, sitting at a desk. I heard him ask 
what I was doing, but I acted like I didnt hear him. I slowly climbed out and yes, 
knocked over the Pledge polish and something else, and giggled about it while turning 
(which way) left, and started walking out the kitchen, hands and knees, like he wasnt 
even there.
   Now, my champagne gown is very pretty, and I would have thought his first reactions 
would have been kind of soft.
   He grabbed my hair, and pulled slowly upward. I stopped, and kinda sat up, but I didnt 
want to scream out cuz I was drunk, right? He just held my hair there till I ended up 
sitting on my feet on the kitchen floor, my eyes closed. He says, Come on, youre going 
to bed. Yank goes my hair, and I sort of fall into him as my right foot slides forward and 
my left tries to stand. It was comical, and really looked like I was plastered.
   He didnt push me away when I leaned on him, but he still had my hair! Im not sure 
what that hair thing was about. I dont really remember going up the stairway, but I 
remember hitting my door with my right hip walking into my room. He didnt say a 
thing, he just sat there beside me, while I giggled and took my gown off over my head- 
yes another comical display. I leaned back and was giggling, and I think I was nervous, 
but trying not to be, and thats why I started laughing, Have you ever tried to stop 
laughing when that happens? OMG it just got worse and worse, and it was at least an 
hour like that. OK minutes but it felt forever.
   I opened my eyes, and I was laying on my bed, on my back, nude. I smelled like 
coconut, oozing out my pores.  What a kewl way to wear cologne, from the inside out. It 
was morning. I threw on a robe and started the shower and looked into his room, and he 
was gone already. Couldnt wait to get to the church office now, since mom is gone and 
that girl is in there. But the last fading memories of the evening were of him caressing my 
face, and Ive come to a conclusion. 
   I dont care how things work out. The sun doesnt care either, it shines, regardless. 
Some people have other gifts, but mine is shining. So if he bathes in the warm light, 
kewl, if he stays inside and sees it through a window, kewl. Im still shining, for those 
without light, and even those with other lights, if I just love the shining, and not worry 
about the rest, Ill be happy, which is of course what makes shining afterall.
