The Notebook Chapter 7—Buchou Bitch Slap!

A/N: Oh, this. The crack is on the verge of dying at the end of this chapter. It comes back to life eventually, but it is stomped on and thrown in front of a bus in this chapter and the next. I'm very sorry. We needed some sort of plot, I guess.

P.S. to Alice Melan, if you're still reading, and we really hope you are: You read HoneySyn, right? What'd you think of the ending? We, on the whole, were not satisfied.

Disclaimer: We don't own this Seigaku. We own the second generation Seigaku we created because we are ridiculously obsessed with this series and Tezuka needed a team to coach in our arc series thing that may eventually be written, we're not sure. (Watch for it. In the next few years. O.o)

Warnings: Tezuka does something… well, not out of character, as he's done it before, just not to this particular person. Um… there's really nothing else to warn against. Oh my gosh, you guys, no crossdressing this chapter!

The next morning Oishi awoke feeling warm and content. Birds were chirping outside the window, so he supposed that was what had woken him up. He began to shift to his other side when he felt something move in a place it shouldn't have been. Oishi froze as memories from the night before flooded his mind. The vice captain yelped and haphazardly pulled away from Tezuka, who was still inside his second, but his yelp ended in a shuddering moan as his prostate was nudged. His hands gripped for something and landed on soft skin.

A delicate hand reached up to brush honey-brown out of crystalline blue eyes, and a soft voice asked, "What's wrong, Oishi?"

Oishi flushed darkly. "N-nothing. Um... I think I'm going to-"

"Oh, won't you stay?" Fuji asked sweetly. He leaned up to press a short kiss to Oishi's lips. "Eiji might not like it if he wakes up and you aren't here..."

"Uh, right." Oishi laid back down, wriggling restlessly. His awareness of the length inside him made laying still fairly uncomfortable, as his mind was yelling at him to pull away and his body was willing him to push back against Tezuka.

Ryoma closed his eyes tightly at the stream of sunlight coming through the window toward his face. He tried to snuggle into his pillow but realized with disdain that he didn't have a pillow-in fact, he wasn't in bed at all. His whole body was stiff from the position he'd slept in against the hard fiber glass of the bath tub.

He stood, stretching out his sore muscles. He opened the bathroom door, hoping that maybe he could get some sleep in his bed before he was forced awake by his sempais, and yelped when Momo fell through the doorway, snoring loudly.

"Idiot," Ryoma muttered, stepping over his boyfriend.

It seemed a half-awake Tezuka was to make his decision for him, because a strong arm wrapped tighter around him and pulled him flush against the captain's body. Oishi bit his lip to stifle the moan that was about to rip from his throat. Fuji watched in amusement and snuggled back up against Eiji, who had a leg and arm thrown over him.

Tezuka muttered something incoherent onto the back of the vice-captain's neck before whispering, "Good morning," quietly enough as not to wake the redhead.

"Tezuka... You're...um.." Oishi moaned as Tezuka twitched inside him. A smirk lazily crossed the captain's face as he pulled from Oishi.

"Mou," Eiji groaned as he woke, "I'm hungry!"

Fuji laughed before sitting up and saying, "Let's get dressed and see what there is for breakfast, ne?"

"NO! I wanna see the rest of my nii-chans!" Ryomoka burst into the room on that note, making all the aforementioned nii-chans scramble to make sure everything was covered. The girl hopped up onto the bed.

"Ryomoka-" Kaidoh stopped, seeing that she had made it there before him and was already in the room. "I'm so sorry, semp-"

"Don't worry about it, Kaidoh," Fuji said softly, his usual smiley-mask on his face.

Kaidoh lifted Ryomoka into his arms and hurried out of the room, his face bright red.

Eiji yawned, stretching his arms above his head. "Maybe we should take a shower first, nya. I feel kinda gross."

"Mm..." Fuji fell back against the pillows. "Maybe Eiji has a point. We don't want to go down smelling like sex."

"Everyone will know what happened by lunchtime anyway," Oishi said, heaving a sigh. "Um, who gets the shower first?"

Fuji raised a suggestive eyebrow.

"No. I mean..." Oishi flushed. "It was... fun the one time, but I don't think..."

The tensai stood, completely naked, and bent over to grab a pair of jeans from his suitcase while the other three watched with varying degrees of discretion. "It's okay, Oishi. I was only kidding."

Eiji looked at his best friend curiously before hopping off the bed and onto Fuji. "Ne, Fujiko-chan, can I come?" he purred into the smaller brunette's ear, seeing his chance to further piss off the captains.

"NO!" came the shouted answer from behind them.

Eiji stuck out his tongue playfully and kissed Fuji on the cheek. Moments later he was on his boyfriend's lap, thinking he would be quite content until a streak of pain ran through him. He yelped. Oishi went into full-blown mother hen mode. "Eiji, what's wrong? Are you hurt?" Questions spilled from his mouth, only to be halted by the redhead's fingers on his lips.

"Oishi, don't worry. He's probably just sore. Ne, Eiji-kun?" Fuji wrapped the acrobat in a warm hug.

"Come on." Tezuka had moved from the bed and began to pull Fuji away from Eiji, towards him, when a sheet of sakura petals, pastel colored circles, and a pink background fell around them. They didn't react and simply straightened after a moment to leave the room and shower.

Oishi looked to Eiji. "What just happened?"

"How come they get to be so pretty, nya?" Eiji pouted.

"It just disappeared... is that even physically possible?"

"Nya, Oishi, it's Tezuka and Fuji, they can do anything." Eiji knelt by the bed, grabbing his clothes so he had something to wear to the shower. He pulled on his boxers. "Ne, Oishi?"

"Hm?"

"I had fun last night. But..." Eiji climbed into Oishi's lap and kissed him. "I like it best when I'm with Oishi."

Oishi smiled. "Me too, Eiji."

"Oishi, I don't like being seme..."

Oishi laughed a bit. "I don't plan on being uke anytime in the near future."

"That's why Oishi's my perfect seme match, nya!" Eiji hugged his partner. He giggled as a thought absently darted through his mind.

"What?"

"I was just thinking about how wrong it would be for us to have sex, here, in Buchou and Fujiko's bed..." Eiji trailed off.

Oishi's face turned bright red.-

Tezuka and Fuji stood in front of the bathroom door, looking down at their kohai. "Should we wake him?" Fuji asked.

"Did Echizen leave him there all night, is the better question..." Tezuka scowled. He felt a certain degree of companionship with the dark-haired kohai. After all, he was no stranger to disagreeable ukes.

"Ne, Momo-chan? Momoshiro...MOMO!" Fuji shook the boy's shoulders.

"Fuji-sempai... why am I on the floor?"

"I think there are other things you should be worrying about. Perhaps how long you have left with your boyfriend before I decide he doesn't get to live anymore," Fuji replied cheerfully.

"...Huh?"

"Oh, nothing. Kunimitsu, I'll join you in just a minute, but I have something I need to do. Go ahead without me."

Tezuka's eyes narrowed slightly. "Syusuke..."

"Be right back." Fuji stood on his tiptoes and kissed Tezuka lightly on the cheek.

Once he was outside, Fuji pulled his cell phone from his back pocket (he picked it up off the counter on his way out) and dialed a number. He combed his fingers through his hair, as if the person he was calling could see him through the phone.

"Speak."

"Mr. President. It's Fuji. I have news."

"You may proceed."

"Echizen and Kikumaru are officially eligible to be inducted."

"Fabulous. I shall set a time and date for the ceremony and send the memo out. You will be responsible for bringing them, Fuji."

"Yes, Mr. President."

Momo yawned and entered the room he shared with Ryoma and Kawamura, stretching in a vain attempt to work the kinks out of his muscles. He grinned as he spied a small lump under the blankets on his shared bed. He padded over to the bed and kneeled over the little lump.

"Ryoma-kun~!" The sing-song voice that reached Ryoma's ears made him want to punch upwards at the looming shadow that was his boyfriend.

"Get off!" Ryoma grumbled, rolling over into the fetal position. Momo pulled the blanket away from his boyfriend's head and leaned down, sticking his tongue in the small shell-like ear.

"MOMO-SEMPAI!" Ryoma shouted, pushing Momo away and falling off the bed in the process. "Gross!" The freshman rubbed at his ear furiously.

Momo was in a fit of laughter on the bed.

"Kaoru-nii-chan?" Ryomoka asked, looking up at Kaidoh with her big brown eyes.

"Hm?"

"Why were Syuu-nii, Mitsu-nii, Eiji-nii, and Oishi-nii all together in bed like that?"

Kaidoh nearly choked on his eggs. "Um."

"They weren't wearing clothes, so doesn't that mean they were doing grown-up things? But Mommy says you should only do grown-up things with one person!"

"They weren't-well-sometimes... sometimes when you're very committed to the person you love, it's fun to... experiment."

"What's 'esperiment'?"

"Try new things."

"So... they did grown-up things together because they were bored with doing grown-up things with just each other?"

"Not... bored..." Kaidoh frowned. "Well, you'll learn when you're older."

"But I want to know now!"

"Your turn!" Fuji called as he reentered his bedroom, Tezuka a few steps behind him.

"Hoi hoi!" Eiji bounced up and glomped his friend before giving him a kiss and dragging his obviously irritated boyfriend from the room.

Tezuka, now dressing, was mulling over the previous night's activities. After all, he had been hypocritical with Fuji, saying that he was sick of the flirting before they left for Ryomoka's and then having a foursome that night. He wanted to hit his head against a wall repeatedly. Hypocrisy aside, he was trying to predict how this would effect the team.

Fuji was sitting on the bed, his thoughts, shockingly enough, following a pattern quite similar to that of Tezuka's.

Eiji moaned into Oishi's mouth as the vice captain's fingers tweaked his nipple. He was pressed up against the wall of the shower, his legs wrapped around Oishi's waist. He frowned, noticing that Oishi was being more forceful with him than usual, and then he giggled. "Oishi really did miss being seme, ne?"

Oishi didn't answer. His lips traveled down Eiji's neck, stopping at his shoulder to gently bite at the tanned skin, making the redhead gasp. Disentangling his hand from Eiji's hair, Oishi reached down and carefully slid his finger into the tight entrance.

The burn of penetration was a new sensation to the little acrobat; everyone who had taken him-Oishi, Fujiko, and Buchou-was always very gentle with the boy, as he'd only lost his virginity (or "cherry" as the tensai so eloquently liked to put it) two days prior to this one.

Eiji yelped as Oishi thrust his hips particularly hard. Oishi's head snapped up, realization becoming clear in his eyes, and he halted in his lapse of self-control. "Nya, that one hurt, Shuu-chan..." Eiji pouted as he lifted his gaze to meet his boyfriend's.

"I'm sorry, Eiji..." he paused, "Did you just call me Shuu-chan?" Oishi wrinkled his nose at the name.

"Yeah, why? Do you not like it?" Eiji cocked his head to the side.

"No, no, it's not that... Just, you call Fuji that sometimes..."

"Mou, sorry, I didn't realize-" He was cut off by lips.

"Let's not discuss anymore..." Oishi huffed under his breath as he once again realized how nice his boyfriend felt around his cock.

"'Kay..." Eiji whimpered as the thrusting resumed, this time more gentle and Oishi-like.

Later, after the shower, when he and Fuji were alone in the tensai's bedroom, Eiji confessed that he was worried about things with Oishi.

"He was being really, really rough, Fujiko," he said disdainfully. "Like, it actually hurt. Oishi's always been really gentle with me, even before we started having sex. At first it was kinda cute because he was all worried after being uke for Tezuka, but..."

Fuji squeezed Eiji's hand affectionately. "I wouldn't worry, Eiji."

"But then," the redhead continued insistently, "I called him Shuu-chan, and he actually got upset over it because I sometimes call you that! I can't even remember the last time I called you Shuu-chan, nya!"

"Sounds to me like Oishi's jealous."

"Because you and me-?" Eiji blushed. "But... but we all... I mean, Oishi did it with you and Tezuka too!"

Fuji shrugged. "You and I have been acting pretty... close lately. Maybe he's worried."

"He's being stupid. I love you, Fujiko, but not like that." Eiji grinned. "I can't help it that you're great in bed."

"Well, something did come out of that…" Fuji looked at his best friend with an innocent tilt to his head. "You found out 'hot shower sex' isn't all it's cracked up to be."

Eiji laughed and rested his head against the tensai's shoulder. He couldn't do anything about the jealously between his best friend and his lover, and it upset the little red head. Oishi was his friend, boyfriend, lover, and doubles partner. Fuji was his best friend, confidante, partner in crime, and now they had other benefits to go with that. Of course he loved them both! Oishi was his perfect everything and Fuji was his best friend.

"Fujiko... hug me?" Eiij flashed the tensai a pair of watery puppy eyes.

Fuji embraced his redheaded friend with a small laugh. It was really unnecessary to pull out the eyes to get the tensai to hug him.

Eiji snuggled into Fuji's arms and leaned his head up to press his lips against the other's. It was a short kiss, but Oishi just happened to open the door right in the middle of it, and when they pulled apart, he stared at them for a moment.

"Hi, Oishi," Fuji said innocently. "Eiji and I were just having a chat."

Oishi blinked once, twice, three times, and then he turned and left. Eiji sighed. "Maybe we shouldn't do this stuff anymore..."

"Eiji, I like kissing you. But that doesn't mean I'm in love with you and it doesn't mean you're in love with me. I think Oishi's struggling with that, but he'll realize that it's okay after he talks to Tezuka. Which I'm sure is what he's doing right now."

Tezuka rubbed his temples. Oishi had been ranting about his problems with Eiji for ten minutes, and it was beginning to give Tezuka a headache.

"And I walked in and he was kissing Fuji, and... and shouldn't we only be doing that kind of thing when we're all together or something? Logically-"

The buchou rolled his eyes and pulled Oishi forward to kiss him. "Did that make you feel like you were cheating on Eiji?"

"Well, not really, since I didn't have any say in it-"

Tezuka sighed and leaned in to capture Oishi's lips again, wrapping his arms around his vice-captain's waist and pulling him closer. Oishi was still for a moment before he kissed back, making a small sound in the back of his throat as Tezuka's tongue traced his lips.

"Eiji's not worried about this because he trusts you and he knows you love him," Tezuka murmured. "Let it be."

"Fujiko, how long will I be sore?" Eiji whined as he tried to get comfortable without hurting himself.

Fuji laughed a bit before helping the younger of the two to situate himself between his legs. "Settle down, Eiji. The more you move the more it'll hurt and the longer it'll be sore," Fuji explained.

Eiji huffed and laid his head on Fuji's chest, planning on dozing off for a little bit. He opened his eyes again when he felt soft lips coaxing his open. He melted against the tensai, mewling when they broke apart.

Fuji laughed again. "I told you I liked kissing you."

"But Oishi-"

"Oishi's fine. He's with Tezuka."

"But how do you-"

"Tensai sixth sense!" Fuji winked, making his best friend laugh.

"Nya, Fujiko-chan has a comfy lap!" Eiji declared, snuggling the brunette.

"Eiji, don't wiggle like that!" A slight color rose to the smaller boy's cheeks.

Eiji grinned lecherously. "Ne, Fujiko, are you getting haaaaaaaaaaard?" He cooed out the word in a teasing manner.

"Minx," Fuji muttered, leaning in for another kiss. Eiji deepened it immediately, sliding his tongue into the tensai's mouth and turning so he could straddle Fuji's lap. He purposely wriggled his hips, giggling at Fuji's moan.

The tensai pushed his hand between them to rub against the taller's crotch in reprisal. Eiji bit his lip in a vain attempt at stifling his moan, not wanting Fuji to have the satisfaction.

Oishi sighed and nodded; he was being silly about this. Tezuka had come to accept Fuji's habit of flirting with the entire Kantou tennis circuit; certainly he could deal with his little acrobat having a side relationship with Fuji right?

No... griped the voice in Oishi's head; the voice had a jealous streak a mile wide. The jealous little voice wanted to keep Eiji locked up in a little cage where only Oishi could see him, where the tensai's wandering hands would never ever touch him.

Tezuka must have sensed the dark thoughts in his second's head because he kissed him harshly in warning. 'None of my team is to disappear or be bodily harmed' read the look he received after the lip lock.

Oishi sighed, resting his head on Tezuka's shoulder. "I just don't understand why... why I'm not good enough."

"I'm sure that's not it."

"Then why? It's not normal for couples to have relationships on the side. Obviously I'm not enough to... satisfy him."

Tezuka was silent for a moment. "I don't know. I don't understand exactly why Fuji is so intent on Kikumaru, either, but I know that if I asked him to choose, he would choose me. He and Kikumaru are just... in a phase. Eventually they'll grow tired of it, I'm sure."

"How far do we let them go though Tezuka?"

"They're certainly not allowed to have sex," Tezuka snorted. Oishi had to laugh at the tone of Tezuka's voice.

"You don't think they would, would they?" Oishi asked.

"I don't think so, but..." Tezuka trailed off, his eyes flitted to the door of Oishi's room.

"We should go make sure..." Oishi said, following the bespectacled boy's line of sight.

They stood and left, walking down the hall to Tezuka and Fuji's bedroom. Upon hearing vague moans coming through the door, Tezuka didn't hesitate to open the door without knocking.

The first thing he noticed was Fuji, laying on his back, propped up on his elbows, his head thrown back. Then he noticed Eiji bent in front of him, the red head bobbing up and down.

Oishi cleared his throat.

Eiji started, and Fuji yelped in pain. "O-Oishi! I-wasn't-"

"You bit me!" Fuji complained, wincing.

"Nya, I didn't mean to! Oishi-"

Tezuka grabbed Fuji by the arm and dragged him off the bed. "I think we need to lay down some ground rules," he said warily as the tensai zipped up his jeans.

"Ground rules for what?"

"For this little thing you two have going," Oishi said. "I'll go along with it, but there are some things neither of us will tolerate."

Fuji shrugged. "No sex unless you two are around, right?"

"I'd honestly prefer you left it at kissing," Tezuka said. "What you were doing a moment ago is over the line."

Fuji pouted.

"That's my fault, Buchou." Eiji flushed appropriately and looked towards the floor.

Fuji wrapped an arm around the acrobat's waist, murmuring, "Eiji, don't-"

"I'm sorry, Buchou, Oishi..."

"Kikumaru, wait until we finish," Tezuka interrupted his apology.

"Hai," Eiji muttered with a darker shade of red flashing into his cheeks.

Tezuka began again, "We are both uncomfortable with your relationship, but will tolerate this phase..."

"Phase?" Fuji's eyes opened, an icy blue fire raging within them.

Tezuka was a bit taken aback at the unexpected reaction. "Well...yes..."

"This is not a phase, Kunimitsu. I love Eiji! He's my best friend!" The tensai was enraged. Eiji was his friend, his best friend, and these 'rules' the semes were dishing out to taper them were really making him mad. Fuji Syusuke was not tapered.

"Syusuke, you can't possibly want to carry on with this permanently?" Tezuka's eyes narrowed in confusion.

"Why not? We're not hurting anything."

Tezuka raised an eyebrow. "You really don't think this is difficult for Oishi and me?"

"Eiji and I didn't have a problem when you were fucking Oishi last night!" Fuji said viciously.

The slap echoed in the room. Eiji's eyes widened as his petite friend was knocked into the wall by the force of their captain's strike.

Fuji caught himself against the wall, rather than sliding to the floor, with reflex built on years of tennis. His hair hung into his face, casting a dark shadow.

"Did we have a problem watching you two together? Did we, Tezuka?" Fuji's face burned with shame and anger.

Oishi reached to grab Eiji's sleeve to pull him out of the room but said sleeve was pulled out of his reach. "No, Oishi... No..." A frown marred the normally bright and cheery face of the acrobat. Eiji stepped forward and wrapped Fuji in a hug. Though it wasn't reciprocated he knew it was deeply appreciated, as it gave the brunette a chance to compose himself.

The door slammed shut, and Oishi stared at it, stunned. His gaze fell on Fuji and Eiji. He was a little surprised to see that the tensai was crying, his face buried in Eiji's neck. Quietly he exited the room, knowing he was neither needed, or wanted.

"He hit me," Fuji whispered. "He really-he's never hit me before, never..."

"It's okay, Fujiko." Eiji hugged his friend tighter. "Tezuka was just angry. You know he's not usually like that..."

"I know. I know, but... he's being so... ridiculous! I love him, he knows that, and I'd never leave him for anything, so I don't understand where all this jealousy is coming from."

"Well," Eiji started hesitantly, "it's probably like how he doesn't like it when you flirt with other people... Besides, some of the stuff you said... it made it seem like you do want to be with me, that way..."

"But he knows we're just playing, and teasing, he knows..."

"He just thinks we've taken it too far. Everything will get better, as soon as you apologize and Tezuka realizes what he actually did..." Eiji petted the honey colored locks of hair that rested against his neck and shoulder, gently separating tear-matted strands.

A warm breath of air huffed against Kikumaru's neck as Fuji sighed, "I love you, Eiji."

"That's what got us into this mess." Eiji laughed a bit and stroked his hands over the tensai's back and arms in an attempt to further relax him.

"Tezuka... do you think... why... hm..." Oishi's mind could not properly string together the question he wished to ask. He hopped over another log as he followed Tezuka up the mountain trail that connected with the cabin's small yard.

"What?" Tezuka snapped.

"You-nothing." Oishi sighed. "Tezuka, where are we going?"

"I don't know. Obviously I haven't yet had time to take this trail."

"Well, yes, but-"

"You didn't have to follow me."

"Yes, I did. Tezuka... you hit him. Really hard. You knocked him into a wall."

Tezuka's walking slowed, but he continued up the trail.

"He was crying when I left. I think maybe you took it too far."

Tezuka made an angry noise in the back of his throat.

"Ne, Tezuka?" Tezuka ignored him. "Tezuka!"

"What?"

"Where did the trail go?"

Fuji snuggled into Eiji's arms, sighing contentedly. This was the reason he liked being with Eiji-the redhead knew just how to make him feel better, no matter what. Eiji had always been there when he needed comfort, for the whole six years they'd known each other. Calloused fingers ran through his hair, and he nuzzled his face further into Eiji's shoulder.

"Fujiko, we really should go find them," Eiji said quietly. "This... this is…um… fun and everything, but... I wouldn't risk losing Oishi for anything in the world. And I know you feel the same way about Tezuka. Even if he is being a jerk."

Fuji gave a watery chuckle. "Yeah."

Eiji cupped Fuji's chin and kissed him sweetly, hoping to halt the tears. He didn't like seeing the tensai cry, it rarely happened and it was always unnerving. Fuji clung to Eiji's tear-stained shirt in desperation.

"Nya, Fujiko, let me change my shirt and then we'll go find them. Ne?" Eiji pulled them up. Fuji nodded, his gaze downcast.

Moments later they were out the door and into the cool night air. Both had dawned sweatshirts to help fight the cooler mountain climate. "Which way do you think they'd go?" Eiji looked between the driveway leading down the mountains and the back of the house were there was a few other trails.

Fuji silently pointed to the back yard where they went down the first most visible trail.

"Well, if you would have just stayed on the trail..." Oishi glared in annoyance at the ground as Tezuka led them through the forest. He ran into a halted Tezuka. The angry captain whirled, fighting the urge he had to shove his vice-captain down the side of the mountain.

He fought through the momentary red haze and sighed, calming himself and turning back around. He didn't say anything to Oishi.

"Fujiko, I think we're...Fujiko? FUJIKO? Fuji! FUJI THIS ISN'T FUNNY ANYMORE!" Eiji yelled for the tensai in panic. When had they gotten separated? It could have been quite some time, as the tensai hadn't said a word since they left.

"Eiji?" a voice called out from not far away. Oishi came running through the trees to his partner.

"Oishi, the cabin," Tezuka came up behind the couple. "You can see the lights from here." The golden pair looked in the direction the captain was pointing, and sure enough, there was the cabin.

"Where's Fuji?" Tezuka asked.

"He was with me, but I think we got separated...I'm sorry, Buchou..." Eiji looked at the ground.

"You go back, I'll find him." Tezuka pulled the redhead close to him and kissed his forehead before pushing him back at Oishi and starting off to find Fuji.

Eiji wrapped his arms around Oishi's neck, nuzzling his boyfriend's chest. "Oishi... I'm really sorry... Me and Fuji won't do that stuff anymore if you don't want us to..."

Oishi didn't say anything, just kissed the top of Eiji's head and pulled him closer.

A/N: Katie: Well. That's the end. Told you the crack died a little.

Scarlet: I won't let it die completely for all my fellow crack addicts who worry about this! It just won't be quite so…in your face…/frownie face/

Katie: She acts like she's the only one who wants the crack to come back. She wrote the slap scene, just so everyone's aware.

Scarlet: I also wrote the Oishi scene it opened with and the crack shoujo scene towards the beginning so…..STFU :P

Katie: And I wrote the Mr. President scene. We're even. …Let's stop bothering these people with our inane ramblings and let them get on with, you know, reviewing. Please?

Scarlet: By the way, due to the fact that when this chapter was posted there were 23 reviews, you have all LOST THE GAME. 3

Katie: That's mean. Now they won't review. Good job, Scarlet.

Scarlet: I thought we were going to stop our inane ramblings, Katie-dearest?

Katie: We are. Right now.

-TBC-