It was during a dinner party with Frank, Sian, Darren and myself when it happened. We were discussing children and Sian smiled at me and said in an honest voice that we were with the wrong partners. I looked at her confused then she explained:

"Frank is a beautiful chiselled black man and you are a beautiful long legged statuesque white woman; together you would make beautiful black babies. Whereas I'm ginger and only five one and Darren is also ginger and only, what? Five six, but together we would make lovely little ginger babies.

I laughed at this but something in Sian's eyes stopped me.

"I'm serious!" She said and I believed her. "Look we are all close friends so we can talk openly without damaging our friendship, right?"

"Sure" I replied as my husband looked at Sian trying to determine where this was actually going.

"I think what Sian is trying to say is she would like me to make babies with you." Frank stated as I felt myself blush. "She is right about this. You are a stunning woman and trying not to sound completely arrogant as a six foot two black ... "

"Super athlete and super endowed super-stud!" Sian chipped in.

"... um, err... black man who... err... has a naturally good physique," he continued a little embarrassed by his partners interjection. "The offspring would be stunning. She was also telling me that Darren would be a perfect mate for her to breed with because of their compatible looks."

At this I could not suppress a laugh as Darren grinned foolishly. "God Frank! You sound like some breeder selecting bitches for his dogs!" I stated.

He remained serious, or at least he didn't break out in a stupid grin and Sian didn't start laughing.

"Well I guess it's a bit like that." Sian agreed. "Look we are very serious about this but wouldn't have raised it if we didn't think you would take it the right way."

"And what way would that be?" Darren asked finally speaking.

"Not shout at us or consider us to be perverts or worse; decide we are no longer people you want to be friends with." She smiled again almost questioningly.

"Not perverts," I giggled, "but a little nuts!" I looked at the two of them and decided that they really were being serious.

"So let me get this straight, you are suggesting with start swapping partners? That's right isn't it? I mean that's what this comes down to, wife swapping?"

"Not really." Frank responded, still keeping a reasonably straight face although he did now have a little smile. "This isn't some keys on the table idea, it's not about sexual gratification it's about making babies. I... we want beautiful babies but ..."

"To be honest I want to produce a lovely ginger infant which I can't with Frank. Now the way I see it, since we are friends if I had a baby with Darren and you had one with Frank we'd have the black one and you the ginger one. I know you've talked about at least three children and so have we so doing this wouldn't affect the dynamics at all just allow us to make beautiful children." She paused as it sank in.

"I'm certain Darren would love to have a baby with me and have a little ginger beauty and Frank wants to have a baby with you because as we've already agreed male or female it would be stunning."

"I think Darren and Sian's might be even more stunning." Frank supplied. "They are both attractive people and I think their baby would capture their combined beauty."

I looked at Darren who I guessed was still waiting for Sian and Frank to suddenly burst out laughing and say `fooled you!' but of course they didn't.

"Look this is very flattering, for both of us but it's not really going to happen." I explained. "There's the not inconsiderable matter of swapping the babies after birth and all that would entail, plus the possible future problems having a baby that is only the child of one of us. Not to even mention the making of these babies, which I guess would not involve test tubes or syringes?"

"I find Darren very attractive and I hope you don't think Frank ugly, so yes it would be a natural conception and I know we'd both enjoy it!" She smiled at me but I was now thinking about this a little more seriously.

"Can you begin to imagine the legal mess this would cause, I'm not even sure it would be allowed! They might declare us unfit parents and take them away!"

"We've thought of that." Frank responded. "There is a natural birthing centre in the middle of nowhere which I understand allows you to have a home birth style delivery with only minimal nursing attendance. The thing is there are doctors and lots of specialist equipment on hand in case of emergencies so it's very safe. More significantly I know we could easily fool them."

"What?" I asked

"We simply pretend you are Sian and she is you!" Frank supplied.

"It was hearing about the place that made us consider asking you guys about this. It's really a win-win situation because there will be no real difficulties." She was grinning now her eyes looking enquiringly at Darren whom I realised was the one she needed to convince if she were to sleep with him.

"Don't think we're not flattered by this but..."

"It's not flattery Becky, you and Darren are the ones, the only ones we would consider doing this with. You are bright, witty and attractive people plus Darren is the perfect biological match for Sian and you would be perfect with me. We've agonised over this for months but the last time we were together we lost our nerve."

"Shit guys!" Darren interjected. "This is a hell of a thing to lay on us. You are good friends and well we get on great when we see you, but babies? I mean come on! This isn't something we could really agree to, is it?" The last was a question directed at me.

"Like Darren says, this is a hard subject to even discuss let alone enact and frankly there are so many reasons not to. Firstly while I like you Frank I've never wanted to sleep with you. Then there's the issue of our own relationships after we do this: how will we feel with each other, I mean what will I think of my husband knowing he's made love to another woman plus how will I feel carrying another man's child!

Also there's the small matter of actually falling pregnant. When do we do it, make love I mean, how often and what do our partners do in the mean time? If we want to be certain of the father, that is!"

"I've thought of all of that!" Sian said smugly "Now no offence to Darren or Frank but being men and, well..., we're not exactly unattractive women, I don't believe that will be a problem so it's just down to how you feel Becky.

If we spend a little more time together as a group then we will get to know each other even more and I would suggest a couple of partners swaps for meals out etc. Then the conception will require a few nights together for a while and the use of condoms from our partners until the end of the month. If there is no pregnancy then we do the same again." She was in full flow now and had clearly thought this all through a dozen times. "The issue of our relationships won't be a problem. This isn't an affair and all four of us will have been involved plus we will see the results together."

I sat silent as Darren looked at all of us in turn.

"This is for real? You are really serious?" He asked again.

"Yes, serious and for real." Sian responded.

"What do you want me to say? Oh, OK then?" He added rather acidly.

"Darren. We've only asked the question because we want you to consider it and we hope that even if you say no, it won't stop us being friends. I'm not expecting you to give us an answer now, in fact I would be rather doubtful about it even if it was a yes since you need time to talk it through."

"Yes, it took us months to get to this point." Franks added to Sian's statement.

"Right then. Who wants coffee..." I said and the rest of the room laughed, the tension easing a little.

"So what would you want..." Darren began.

"No more talk about it!" Sian interjected. "The topic's been aired so let's leave it for tonight."

I agreed and took the dirty dishes into the kitchen. Darren joined me but as he opened his mouth I kissed him and whispered. "Let's wait."

The rest of the evening was a little spoiled by the earlier conversation, it was the elephant in the room, but we still chatted until one when they finally left us.

I cannot begin to convey the total sum of our conversation after they left but it went from ridicule to consideration and back again several times. The following morning we chatted again about it and I think we both realised that while the idea of swapping partners was a hot one neither of us was sufficiently free of jealousy to allow the other freedom to do it.

Of course what was being proposed was actually quite different and this did actually make us consider it, well a little. I couldn't in all honesty believe I would ever carry the child of another man but the thought of it was actually quite exciting and we made love that night talking about it in vague terms.

Sian called me a week later and after apologising for their behaviour she suggested we have an evening out at a comedy club in a couple of weeks, if she could get tickets. I agreed. Darren actually asked me about `the' conversation again that night and we again made love contemplating what it would mean.

Anyway that was it really, until the comedy evening which was great and a lot of fun. The unmentioned discussion lay at the back of all our thoughts but wasn't touched upon so no awkward conversations were had at all.

We did begin to see them more often from then on and I suppose the proposal, while always there, wasn't an issue until Sian brought it up just after we'd booked a holiday together some five months later.

"I know we've all been doing our best to avoid it but I think it's time we discussed it again." She said as we relaxed with a coffee having returned from watching a particularly dull movie. We all knew what it meant. "Frank and I have anguished about this for the last several months but we both believe the same. Basically we think you have considered it and haven't ruled it out but are too worried about the `what ifs' to discuss it further." She paused.

"Talking about it some more is not agreeing to it and besides I think we need to have some time alone with the other person to see if we really could do this. The holiday gives us a chance to swap partners informally for a drink or meal or just a walk and a chat. Now I'm truthfully not suggesting you are agreeing to this but it won't hurt, not to dismiss it out of hand."

She paused waiting for our reaction. I looked at Darren and he smiled: We'd talked about what we would say if this came up. "To be totally truthful we have discussed it but we really don't think it's a goer. Look we can have a few chats with each others partners but that won't change."

Sian smiled. "That's ok. Hey! If you are happy to chat let's not wait three months for the holiday we can start to talk now, err... not tonight," she added hastily, "I meant next week when we were going to go bowling. I know Darren likes it and so do I but you've said before that you're rubbish and to be honest Frank's not much better! Why don't we go as a couple and you guys go for a drink then we can meet up for dinner?"

I looked at her and shrugged. I didn't like bowling and this was fine by me, it was only drinks and I'd been alone with Frank before. "Sure." I said "But we are just being friends not agreeing to this, OK?"

"No problem." She smiled.

Frank was more than charming over drinks and it was a really nice evening with a Chinese meal after my husband and Sian joined us. I was just a little put out that she was holding his arm when they came in but I tried not to mind. We chatted that night and Darren admitted that Sian had been a little `fresh'; kissing him a couple of times and sitting on his knee once but when I quizzed him further he said that actually she did it mainly as a joke when they first got there and she had been fine after that.

The next time we saw them was to watch a football match, Sian arranged it so that the guys sat together in the middle and we sat to the side of each others partner. So I spent much of the game chatting to Frank with Sian quizzing Darren about every tackle or foul. Two weeks later we had Sunday lunch followed by a walk and during that I was alongside Frank with Sian and Darren some fifty yards behind us.

It was as we entered the woods that Frank turned to me and said: "You're such a smart woman. I really want us to have a baby together." He looked at me and I blushed. "You know this is all about you now." He added.

"Me?" I questioned.

"Yes. Sian really wants to have Darren's child and we both know he would be happy to give it to her so it's all about you."

"That makes me feel guilty being the one stopping this from happening."

"Don't be absurd! It's solely down to you to decide what you want but if Darren changed his mind then I'd happily respect that. All I ask is you continue to consider it." I smiled at him and we walked on slowly now until the other caught us up as I was too embarrassed to be alone with Frank anymore.

That night I decided to tell Darren what Frank had said then I asked him what he actually though about it. He surprised me when he said while he still didn't know about the baby thing Sian had mentioned that perhaps it was the sex that was getting in the way and maybe we could consider spending a night with the other partner just to decide if it was something we were comfortable with.

I looked at him and raised an eyebrow. "She suggesting we do swap partners even after her big speech!" I responded.

"Well, yes, I guess so! But we've discussed it ourselves a few times since that evening but whether we could actually go through with it I don't know."

"Do you want to?" I asked not sure I wanted to hear his answer.

"I don't know." He said cagily.

"You mean yes!" I chipped back.

"No! I mean I don't know!" He retorted. "Well do you?"

I laughed and shook my head.

"Is that a no or an I don't know?" He teased.

"I guess it's a don't know." I said finally with my heart beating faster.

"We both mean yes." Darren whispered quietly as he held me, I could feel his erection against my leg.

"Possibly." I said feeling deliciously naughty as the sudden prospect of sex with Frank came back into my head.

"OK then, I suggest we let them know next week when we see them."

I remained silent but that didn't last as I was very vocal when we made love as the prospect of sex with another man got me very excited and I had a major climax. I'm not sure I really thought we would actually go through with it but even the fantasy of it was great.

Of course once we met the next week and Darren mentioned to Sian that maybe we might try a partner swap things took off. Before the evening was over I was going to visit Frank and Sian's house for the night and she ours.

The evening was a rushed meal with Sian directing everything including the sleeping arrangements then we left in different cars and that was it. Frank chatted to me as I sat feeling very nervous. Once at their house he kissed me gently as we sat in the car in darkness then escorted me in and straight to his bedroom where he began to kiss me again.

He kept the light low and we lay on the bed gently entwined as slowly our hands explored each other.  Then his large black hand slid over my damp kickers and I actually gasped. Then he moved down and began to remove them, kissing me softly as he did so. He was an expert and I was writhing as his fingers and mouth brought me to a very sudden climax. He continued to massage me for a while until he felt me respond then he undressed me completely before standing and slowly removing his own clothes.

It was then I saw his colossal manhood as it came free of his briefs and I did a sharp intake of breath. He was huge certainly the biggest one I'd ever seen including a well endowed stripper who'd danced in front of one of my friends at a hen night a couple of years before. He came over to me and pushed me down then asked me if I was on the pill. I nodded and he said good then asked me to put his cock inside me. 

It was weird touching another man after so many years of being with Darren and what a man! His cock was so broad that it was three times that of my husband and the length was simply incredible. I put him between my lips then said `be careful' as he started to move slowly into me.

Now it's true to say I felt incredibly tight and full as he stretched me open. I was panting and groaning and holding his buttocks as it went in and out slowly getting deeper every thrust. Before he was even fully inserted I felt full but not just that, I raced to a climax. It hit me hard and I actually yelled, something I'd never done before, and then as I felt him going even deeper I couldn't hold in a groan of lust and fulfilment.

He then started to make love properly, his weapon coming almost out of me before moving back deliciously slowly until it pushed beyond it's previous spot and then back out again. Every thrust was heaven and my sex was literally on fire as I could feel every movement through my now stretched and ultra-sensitive vaginal walls.

I had another climax a few minutes later and another only shortly after that.

"God what are you doing to me?" I said feeling more lustful than ever before in my life.

"Making you a real woman!" He said as his strokes still continued to get deeper. "I told you, you were made for me. Sian is too small to take me easily but you are perfect." I must admit that he felt so good I could have died with the pleasure of it all. He was now finally fully in me and I could feel his monstrous manhood opening me up more than I'd thought possible. He kissed me and I responded passionately.

"Sian will enjoy being with Darren." He said as we rocked in rhythm. "She is much tighter than you and finds me too big."

So that was it. He worked me slowly to a point where my whole being was focussed on the huge penis between my legs stimulating me to the point where my climaxes merged into one huge orgasm and at that point I yelled and felt him stiffen as he pumped into me.

It was by a wide margin the best sex ever and he knew it. Of course it was still only half eleven and after a drink and a cuddle he took me again only this time a little more aggressively. I had a series of climaxes once more and to my surprise after I hit a major one he stopped having not cum himself.

"You need the rest and besides you'll still be here in the morning." He stated when I quizzed him. So I lay back and slept in his arms.

The following morning we made love again and it was simply fantastic. I climaxed so many time I thought I might never stop. He was again more forceful but it felt good as he made love to me for almost and hour. We agreed to meet halfway between our houses for a drink at a pub and it was bizarre as we both cuddled the other's partner before saying our goodbyes and going home.

I asked Darren if it had been ok and he smiled and said yes. Then glancing at me he added "She was really hot... sorry"

"Don't be sorry I had fantastic sex with Frank." I said smiling as well.

So it started. I saw or to be more truthful I slept with Frank twice more over the next month and a half and it was brilliant. The only problem was I was aware that making love to Darren wasn't as enjoyable now and that was a little sad. It's not to say it wasn't fun or that I didn't enjoy it but it was harder for him to make me cum.

Then a month before the holiday we did something that changed it completely. Sian sat us down and announced that she wanted to have Darren's baby and that she thought the holiday was the best time for her to conceive. Frank then asked me if I wanted his baby and I said I didn't know. However that night I was with Frank in our spare room while Sian made love to my husband in my own bed and as we had sex I got very, very excited and agreed to have his baby. It was weird but the simple act of telling him he could make me pregnant made us both climax instantly.

Darren was actually really happy that I'd said yes to the baby and even suggested I buy some special nightwear for the occasion. I went off the pill and we were careful not to risk a pregnancy so Darren used condoms as did Frank with Sian.

We saw Sian and Frank again once more before the holiday and Sian also suggested that `us women' get some sex clothes for the holiday and I agreed to go shopping with her the following weekend. She was really outrageous and insisted on buying ridiculously short dresses, a pair of the tightest hot-pants each plus some bedroom wear that was very blatant with cut-outs in the essential places.

The holiday flights out were normal but once we had reached our apartment Sian announced that until we went home she was Mrs Taylor and I was going to be Sian Phillips. She then got me to take off my wedding rings and she slipped them on her own fingers which were actually the same size as mine.

That afternoon I had sex with Frank and the thought of him cuming in my fertile womb brought me to a series of crashing orgasms. We went out for a bite to eat but were at it like rabbits as soon as we returned.

Of course the one thing I'd never thought about in all this was how I would cope having truly great sex every day with this huge man and even before the end of the first week I realised I was falling for him or to be more blunt I craved sex with him. By the time we returned he was aware of how I felt and had begun to whisper that he knew that I wanted to see him for more than just baby making. In the end I couldn't stop myself and agreed with him. He chuckled and said that it was ok and he understood but since he was risking his relationship I'd have to do what he wanted.

So within a week of being home I slipped away from work early and let Frank have sex with me in the back of his car then a few days later I met him one evening, when I was meant to be with a friend, and he took me hard against a wall. God how I loved it, it was animal and so slutty and I adored sex with him. Darren of course didn't really do it for me now and I was faking orgasms when we made love which made me feel like a heel but I was far too far gone to really care.

Frank insisted I dress for him on several occasions and once I even pretended to be a hooker and waited for him on the corner of a road looking like the part. He drove up and we haggled over the price before he drove to an alley where I accepted 20 (yes he really did pay me) and blew him before letting him have sex with me.

When I found out I was pregnant I was so excited I rushed to tell Frank who gave a big smile and said that he guessed I wouldn't want to be with him anymore to which I practically raped him.

Darren was still sleeping with Sian on occasion but these were pre-arranged and I got the sense that he wasn't getting much from them. Within two weeks of me she announced a similar forthcoming event and we were both very happy. Of course Sian was very clear that nice though Darren was she loved Frank and there was no chance of any more sex which pleased Darren but didn't please me as I'd hoped the partner swap might even become permanent.

Frank seemed happy with our more clandestine relationship since he was still having sex with me at every opportunity. I was now besotted with him and because of that he started to abuse me, of course I just I let him: 

At first it was just rough sex but it soon branched out to him calling me names and telling me over and over that I was just a slut and a black cock whore. Then a month after my pregnancy was confirmed he ordered me to change my hair to something he'd prefer so I went from light brown and shoulder length to blond and curly. Darren was very surprised when he saw it but I lied and said it was something I'd wanted for ages and did it for him.

It was clear Frank was determined to use his obvious power over me so to deflect this and to stop Darren getting too suspicious I began to whisper sexy ideas in his ears, some my own and other from Frank guessing that eventually if we carried on our affair much longer he'd want me to act them out.

He got me to keep my sex bald from this time on, which I did willingly having pre-empted this with Darren however as time passed he kept on and on about me having a tattoo which I said no to but I was so hooked on him that I was at my wits end and my resolve was crumbling especially after a week where he denied me sex. However I held out as I slowly got fatter and fatter.

A month before the birth I spoke to Sian about the retreat and she told me not to worry it was all booked and in hand and that with luck since we were only two weeks apart we might be there at the same time.

Then with less than a week before due date Frank sprang a double surprise. Firstly he arrived and got me to strip (yes we really were doing it at nine months) then during the slow sensuous sex session he left the room then came back with a man and announced that I was going to have a tattoo. I got really worried but he showed me the picture of a small rose and said it would look great just above my sex. I didn't want it but I was very pregnant and in no position to argue so let it go ahead.

I tried to convince myself that since Darren hadn't seen me naked for quite some time I'd tell him it had been there fore months. It was weak but I wasn't thinking straight.

It took a little time and was highly embarrassing since it was virtually on my sex and the man kept touching me up but eventually he finished and left the room to clean up. It was then that Frank got a mirror and showed me.

I actually screamed when I saw it despite being backwards in the mirror it was quite clear. There was a picture of a black cock and balls and the words `Black Bred' under them; right around my clitoris.

I actually wept as I looked, then asked him for `god sakes why?'

"Well it's simple. Sian and I spent months planning this. You are carrying a black baby and so is she! She used a diaphragm every time she had sex with your small dicked husband then we had sex when you were not around. We knew you'd fall for my cock, all the women have done, so it was easy to keep you in a sexual daze so that you never thought of how ridiculous this story is about swapping babies!" I looked horrified and felt sick.

"You get to keep the brown baby you're carrying and better still everyone will see your lovely tattoo in the delivery room. Sian suggested I get your breasts and back done as well but that was just too cruel, since you've been such a good girl. I've done it to one of the others because her husband was such a jerk with Sian. Anyway you will love the tattoo Darren will wake up with tomorrow." I looked at him daring not to ask.

"Sian's called him over this afternoon and hopefully if the drugs work he will be unconscious about now. She selected the words "My wife fucks black men" which I believe she is intending to place on each of his rear cheeks. Which I might add is only because he was a gentleman with her. One of the others has `My wife fucks blacks' on his back and both arms while the third, who was the prick, has tattoos everywhere she could persuade the tattooist to place them.

After that he left and I cried for hours until Darren returned white as a sheet. I showed him the tattoo then spoke about the retreat or lack of it but didn't mention that part of my problem had been my sex addiction to Frank. We cried together then prepared to face the music.

The midwife read my tattoo but said nothing but she wasn't surprised when the child came out: The baby was very black much to Darren's disappointment hoping against hope it might be light. Sian's baby was apparently similar but ironically lighter to mine. There was little more to be done and after agonising over it we had to put Frank down as my baby's father.

We found out a few weeks later that they had planned to do this to four other couples whom they had decided `deserved to be blacked' our crime was their belief that their place at a table in the corner during our wedding was racially motivated. That despite the fact that they shared it with another ten of our friends.

After digging around we made contact with the others, one of which we knew. Angela was such a sweet woman I'd never have guessed she would agreed to what happened but after a few meetings with her (alone with our babies) she admitted she was easily seduced by Frank but had gone over the top and actually begged him to leave Sian for her.

She believed that was why she was so punished by them when it came to her own tattoo session. It was an `I'll show you mine if you show me yours' scene and after agonising over it I decided to lead the way and dropped my trousers to show my bald pussy (of course Frank had persuaded all of his `conquests' to have their hair removed by electrolysis) with its very graphic picture and statement.

Angela looked at it then shook her head. "I knew he was punishing me!" She stated then opened her dress and slipped off her bra and knickers. Her breasts had a large tattoo in full display above the nipples they were different on each:

The left one had a cartoon of a white woman on all fours with a man with a big cock kneeling behind her while the other had a white woman kneeling sucking a huge black cock. Above her sex also said `Black Bred' with the same cock cartoon.

She cried for the hundredth time when she showed me then when I told her the reason why Darren and I were `selected' she blushed and told me that she had once referred to a taxi driver as a `Paki' after they'd got out of it with Frank and Sian.

I met the other woman once, her name was Rosanne. She spoke to me over the phone twice then suggested we meet because she was curious about us (Darren and I). When I met her I was shocked. She let me in and we chatted for about an hour. She'd already told me she and her husband were now getting divorced but she had been evasive about the reasons why they'd been chosen by Frank and Sian on the phone. Now I was with her I could see why. She was identical to Sian in almost every way except she was perhaps just a little taller.

It transpired she was her older sister and it all started with her because they had never really got on since early teens and when she'd set up home with Frank she'd met them at a family dinner and been rather disparaging to them. The revenge had been all about her to start with, but once Frank had managed to seduce her it began to take shape.

Sian then went for the husband who had been really arrogant about it as if he was something special and then it was a relatively simple task of changing her birth control pills behind her back and then pretending Frank had the snip so that when the baby was conceived she had no idea it was Frank's.

She then showed me her own tattoos: `I fuck blacks' in the small of her back and `I am a black cock whore and love to fuck' in a necklace shape around her neck. I actually sat down feeling thankful that I'd avoided those and wondering what kind of monster does this to their own sister when she added: "Ed, my husband, had `My wife fucks black men' on his arms, legs and the small of his back."

I told Darren about the others and despite our predicament we felt relieved we were spared the fate of the others. We never did find out who the other couple were but knew they had a lucky escape.

We had to try to get over it but it took a series of cosmetic surgeries on my husband's rear to erase the awful tattoos while I had the black cock removed but the black bread was too close to my sex to be operated on. I did however have the letters blocked into black squares which look odd but at least I can get undressed in public again.

I now have a second son this time by Darren and we try to treat both equally. It has been difficult because it was impossible for me to pretend the baby was anything other than my relationship with Frank who several people saw me with over that period. In the end we simply admitted I was carrying his child because he wanted me to let them adopt it but once Sian got pregnant that changed and they didn't want to go thorough with it. I'm not sure it is100% believed but we stuck to it as to be honest it was 90% correct.

Neither Darren nor I thought that any form of revenge would be appropriate for them and since we are nice people we simply let it go. There is one issue that is forever a problem however and that was Frank himself. I, like the other women fell for him and the fantastic sex we shared for many months ruined me for my husband. Being so humiliated put me off sex forever.

We still have intercourse and I always try to show Darren that I enjoy it but it is hard to gain pleasure from Darren and I know that he always comparing me to Sian when we are in bed together. I've faked so many orgasms in the past three years it's become a habit but I haven't had a single climax since the night of the Tattoos and don't think I ever will again.
