After the death of his Mother six months ago, arrangements for his elderly Grandmother to come and live with him in his two-bedroom apartment were completed. The past month or so had been a settling in period for the both of them, but they gradually adjusted to living together and began to enjoy one another's company.  His Grandmother had recently suffered a stroke and been virtually infirm did not infringe on Harrys' lifestyle that much, she was not a needy person and once fed was quite happy to spend her day in front of the television, remote control in hand. Harry worked from home, most of his day spent emailing and analysing data, he could do this on his laptop but preferred sitting at his desk in the living room in front of his p.c. This way he could keep watch on his Grandmother and keep her company.

Mondays were usually slow and it was one particular Monday morning that he sat at his desk with his whole days work completed before he had even got dressed, still in his pyjama bottoms and a t-shirt he began to surf the net. The weather outside was gloomy and rainy, he had turned the heating up in the room for his Grandmothers comfort, who sat a few feet away from him on the sofa. His internet search turned up some erotic images, arousing him, his Grandmother could not see the screen so felt bold enough to start actively clicking on pornographic material. He became increasingly turned on and glancing at the little old woman, she glanced back and smiled.  It was then he had an insane thought, a thought that made him more excited than ever.
 
`What if I was to pull out my cock right now? What would she say? Would she look at it?'

He was actually shaking with excitement at these thoughts.

His internet searches now contained keywords such as `granny' `mature' and `blowjob'. His cock was now stiff in his pyjama bottoms  and he decided to test the waters by putting his hand down there and playing with himself, she noticed but didn't say a word. This seemed to embolden him.
 
` I'm going to do it.' He thought, `I'm going to pull out my big hard on and show her.'

Pretending to be engrossed in his screen, he maneuvered his chair in order to display his crotch. Another little glance, which she returned with another little smile, he felt braver than ever. He was now in a state of delirium, an excited sexual thrill ran through his whole body and he quivered, the thought of pulling out his erect manhood for his Grandmother to see was such a turn on, a devious dirty turn on, one he had never experienced before.

Slowly unbuttoning his pyjama bottoms he looked over to her, she was watching! `Oh my God, she was watching!' He kept his eyes on hers as the last button was undone and his large, stiff prick, with nothing now restricting it, it stood to attention, naked and exposed. He took hold of it by the base, pushing his hips up to increase the length, his bottom three fingers began to stroke, caress at his balls as his forefinger, and thumb squeezed his shaft, making it proudly throb. She watched, fascinated. The fact that she now watched him and didn't say anything, gave him the courage to start jerking it, his pyjama bottoms had fell to the floor around his ankles, his left hand now gripped the chair he sat on, his right began pumping and jerking away at his rigid tool. In a frenzy now, he jerked, displaying his cock, groaning, the source of his masturbation was solely his grandmother watching. She leaned forward, `She wants a better view.' He thought excitedly, this was the tipping point, huge spurts of cum began splashing everywhere, he had never produced so much semen, she watched as he climaxed again and again.

Sheepishly he retrieved his pants from his ankles, covering up his now limp and spent cock. `What have I done?' he thought, turning back to the computer on the subterfuge of working. Fifteen minutes later, he turned and looked at her.

"Time for a cup of tea love?" She said.

"Yes Grandma, I will make you one." 

Feeling relieved he made his way to the kitchen to boil the kettle. `She isn't mad' He thought. And this began to turn him on even more, `She's not mad and she see. She watched me.' His mind began to race with all sorts of possibilities, all kinds of scenarios, as he thought he looked down and noticed he had become erect again.

He stepped back into the living room, bringing the two mugs of tea, placed them on the coffee table and joined his grandmother on the sofa.  They sat and drank, Harry kept turning over what had just happened in his head, it was so incredibly horny, he thought, he wanted to experience it again. Knowing his Grandmother didnt have any friends, rarely spoke with anyone  and the only family she had was him, he decided to be bold, began to ride this horny feeling to see where it led.

Did you enjoy looking at my cock Grandma? He was stunned as the words left his lips.

Yes, it was nice to see a young man once again. She replied.
Taking this as his cue, he stood up, turned and faced her, letting his pants drop, he now stood before her, his cock fully erect, barely inches from her face.

You can touch it if you want. He said.

She looked at it for a few seconds, a smile crossed her face as she reached out to feel his hard, young cock. Harry closed his eyes, enjoying the feeling of his grandmothers wrinkled hands wrapping round his penis.

Suck it. He whispered.

His Grandmother needed no further encouragement.  Taking its head into her warm mouth, Harry began to thrust in and out, he was amazed as he watched the shaft of his cock disappear into her mouth, his balls touching her chin, he was even more amazed as his balls exploded and she began to drink his cum, greedily sucking it out of the slit in its head. She sucked and sucked until he was limp in her mouth, he literally had to pry it away from her.

That was nice Harry. Thank You. She said.

No. Thank you. He laughed.


