“We are already in the process of changing history,” Tom said, crossing his arms in front of him. “The course of history began to change the very second I arrived here. Just look, the evidence is all around us. The wheels have been set in motion. If you ask me, Snape’s reasons for wanting to send me back are a load of rubbish. Most likely, my presence simply makes him uncomfortable, or he wants to prevent me from becoming another Dark Lord in his time, though, frankly, such ambitions are just about the last thing on my mind.”

Hearing this, Draco smiled, but Harry asked with a frown, “What evidence?”

Tom smirked. “Don’t tell me you haven’t noticed, Potter: shrubbery turning aggressive and attacking students out of the blue? Not to mention orbs and mirrors and even a large window of one of the greenhouses shattering into a thousand pieces for no good reason?"

"Yeah, but I thought…” He gasped. "You mean we're the ones causing all that?"

“That’s our theory, yes,” Draco supplied, and he added with a near-predatory grin, “And to think we haven’t even shagged you yet, Harry.”

“Er…“ Harry wrung his hands awkwardly. He wondered, not for the first time, when exactly bluntness had become a Slytherin trait.

“Don’t worry, we won’t do anything you don’t want us to.” Draco grinned. “And all daftness aside, we really should talk first.”

“Right,” Tom agreed. “So, let’s recap, shall we? If what you discover tomorrow, Harry, is an artifact or a potion, we will have to come up with some way to destroy it by the day after tomorrow, which is a Hogsmeade weekend and should give us plenty of opportunity to move around the castle unnoticed.”

“And if we can’t think of anything by then?”

“We’ll keep looking for an alternative.”

“Right.”

“So far,” Tom went on, “we haven’t found any time travel spells yet, so there must be something else in that room, something they need in order to send me back. My first guess would be a Time Turner, but if Granger’s absolutely certain that there aren’t any more of those around…”

Harry nodded. “She is. But… Aren’t you two worried, though?” he asked after a few minutes of contemplative silence.

Tom frowned. “Worried about what?”

“The consequences,” Harry replied. “Even if the wheels have been set in motion like you said, if we suddenly sped things up, wouldn’t that—I mean, couldn’t that get pretty dangerous?”

“Honestly? If I can’t have Tom here with me, then I might as well not be around anymore at all,” Draco said flatly.

“That’s a bit… radical, isn’t it?” Harry asked, shocked.

Draco glared. “You still don’t quite grasp what my life has been like these past few years, do you, Potter? If I have to go back to even a fraction of that, death seems a far more preferable option.”

“But….“ Harry bit his lip. He felt like saying something along the lines of ‘you’ll still have me’, but decided against it. It didn’t seem very appropriate, with Tom also present in the room, and besides, Harry realised full well how much Tom meant to Draco. After all, he’d seen it with his own eyes, the obvious love and affection between them.

“Come on, you two,” Tom interjected. “Don’t start arguing again. The three of us have to pull together on this or it’ll never work.”

“Right,” Draco said, and inhaled sharply. “Sorry.”

Harry nodded. “It’s fine.” He reached out and placed a hand over Draco’s. He was relieved when Draco linked their fingers and gave him a small smile in return.

“So, the possible consequences,” Tom went on. “For one, we might unleash a wave of strange and powerful ancient magic. This could turn out to be rather educational and quite fascinating to watch, right up to the point where people start getting killed, of course.”

“Bloody hell, he almost sounds like Granger,” Draco muttered, causing Harry to chuckle.

“I heard that,” Tom pointed out.

“Sorry,” Draco said with a grin. “Go on.”

Harry leaned over and kissed Draco on the cheek, the earlier aggravation between them already forgotten.

Tom shook his head in amusement. “Kindly pay attention, turtledoves. Another thing that might happen is that we suddenly find ourselves in another dimension.”

“Another dimension?” Draco rolled his eyes. “How positively... Muggle.”

“Yeah, that’s almost like something out of ‘The Twilight Zone’,” Harry agreed.

“The what?” Tom and Draco asked in unison.

Harry shrugged. “Some American sci-fi series Aunt Petunia used to watch on the telly.”

Draco smirked. “As I said, Muggle.”

Tom shrugged, still not understanding what the other two were talking about. “Either way,” he continued, “the final and most daunting option is that too much magic ends up being unleashed at once and causes some kind of meltdown, but honestly, I don’t think that would happen. I highly doubt whether Snape would risk it.”

“Right,” Harry said, but he didn’t look at all convinced. He knew Severus Snape only too well, and he wouldn’t want to place any bets on the lengths that man would go to just to get his way.

“So, is everyone in agreement that we’ll be going through with this?” Tom asked the others.

Draco nodded determinedly.

Harry sighed. “I suppose I don’t really have anything left to lose.”

Which was true enough. Technically, he was no longer needed by anyone else, either. Ron and Hermione had each other, Ginny was very happy with Blaise Zabini, and as for everyone else, they’d certainly make do without him as well.

“So, yes, I think we ought to do this,” he said at last.

Tom smiled. “That’s settled, then.”

“Hm,” Draco muttered.

His pensive expression wasn’t lost on Tom. “What’s on your mind, Draco?”

He shrugged. “I was just thinking: assuming we can change the past, what about, um…?”

“Yes? Go on.”

“My mother,” Draco said dejectedly.

Harry immediately understood. He moved closer and wrapped his arms around the blond Slytherin, whose demeanor had turned quite glum. “You miss her, don’t you?”

“Yeah,” Draco whispered. “Very much.”

Tom shook his head. Those two could always be trusted to have some kind of emotional crisis over something like this. Still, he couldn’t deny that seeing Draco so upset gave him an unpleasant twinge in his gut as well. He sat down on the bed, next to the other two, and placed a hand on Draco’s shoulder. “It’ll be all right,” he said softly.

Draco turned to look at him. “How can you be so sure?”

Tom smiled. “Well, we’re the three most powerful students in this school, hands down,” he stated confidently, “and we’ve got Granger helping us, too. If anyone can pull this off, we can.”

“He has a very good point, you know,” Harry said and gently kissed Draco on the lips.

“I suppose…” Draco smiled. “So, is there anything else we need to discuss tonight?”

“No,” Tom said. “I don’t think so, and seeing Potter will need to get up very early tomorrow morning, I suggest we make sure he gets a good night’s sleep.”

“Oh.” Harry frowned. “You already want to sleep?”

“No, not just yet.” Tom laughed. “Tell me, Draco, is he always this slow?”

Draco grinned. His mood was fast improving again. “Pretty much, yeah.”

“Hey,” Harry began to protest. “I’m not slo-“

He was cut off by a thorough kiss, and soon found himself being pushed down onto the bed, with a very eager Draco hovering over him. “Neither of us was talking about sleeping, Potter,” the boy whispered.

“Oh.” Harry blushed.

Draco pinned Harry’s arms above his head, and leaned down to kiss the boy’s neck. “You’re bloody adorable when you blush, Potter,” he whispered. “Has anyone ever told you that?”

This, of course, caused Harry’s cheeks to flush even more. “N-No,” he stammered.

“Stop it, Malfoy.” Tom laughed as he toed off his shoes. “You’re embarrassing the hell out of him.”

Draco ignored that. “You’re wearing far too many clothes, Harry,” he declared, and carefully loosened the Gryffindor tie. “I’ll have to do something about that, won’t I?”

Harry nodded. He lay back and allowed Draco to unbutton his shirt, which the Slytherin did slowly, kissing every inch of newly exposed skin he encountered in the process. Draco’s tongue circled Harry’s left nipple, and Harry moaned softly.

Draco paused for a moment. He turned to face Tom. “Do you want to…?” he asked, making a vague gesture with his hand.

“In a minute,” Tom replied, licking his lips.

“All right.” Draco leaned down again to resume his earlier ministrations.

“He really likes to watch, doesn’t he?” Harry whispered, slightly out of breath.

“Yes, and I can’t say I blame him, either. You look positively delicious like this, Potter, all flustered and eager.”

Draco reached a hand down and began to stroke Harry’s erection through his trousers. “How far are you prepared to go tonight?” he asked softly, the husky tone of his voice sending a shiver up and down Harry’s spine.

“I-“ Harry swallowed hard and asked nervously, “What did you have in mind?”

Draco threw a questioning look at Tom, who just shrugged in response.

“Well, nothing specific,” Draco whispered. “Just let me know if I go too far, all right? I’ll stop whenever you tell me to.”

Harry’s heart was racing, from excitement or trepidation, or a bit of both, he couldn’t be absolutely sure. “Right,” he breathed. “Okay, I will.”

“Good.” Draco pressed a quick kiss to Harry’s lips. With a trembling hand, he brushed a strand of hair from Harry’s face, and asked, “I’d like to see all of you, is that all right?”

Harry bit his lip and nodded. He allowed Draco to undress him while Tom sat there and watched, his arms crossed and an appreciative look on his face.

Harry couldn’t decide whether he found the current situation incredibly exciting or a little scary, but he was definitely a little disappointed that Tom wasn’t joining in. What they were doing felt a little too impersonal to Harry’s liking.

The truth of the matter was that Harry was falling for them both, or perhaps he already had, and it was an odd but wonderfully exhilarating feeling. Now if only Tom would…

“What are you grinning about, Potter?” Draco asked, snapping Harry back to the present.

“I was just thinking,” Harry replied. “Why is Tom sitting all the way over there?”

“You have a problem with that, do you?” Draco asked with a smile.

“Yes, actually,” Harry answered firmly.

“Why?”

“Because-” Harry took a deep breath and forced himself to say the words: “I want to touch him, too.”

“Ah. In that case,” Draco said, grinning mischievously. “Mister Riddle, your presence is urgently required here.”

“Unless you really only want to watch?” Harry quickly interjected, hoping he hadn’t gone too far or spoiled the mood by appearing presumptuous or over-eager.

Tom scooted closer. “Oh, I might still be persuaded to change my mind, given the right incentive,” he replied dryly.

“The right incentive.” Harry chuckled and sat up again. “I think I can manage that.” He grabbed Tom’s hands, pulled him into his arms and kissed him fiercely.

Draco sat back, ran a hand through his hair, and took a deep breath. His lovers were quite a sight to behold, and although he also felt a slight twinge of envy as he watched them, Draco was mostly pleased that the attraction between Tom and Harry clearly continued to grow; this arrangement would never work, let alone last, otherwise.

Tom pulled back. He looked at Draco and smiled. “Come here, Malfoy.”

The two, in turn, shared a passionate kiss. “You know, Draco,” Tom pointed out, “Potter is still terribly overdressed.”

“So are the two of you,” Harry retorted. “Not fair, really.”

“We’re Slytherins, Potter, and Tom was almost on the path to becoming a Dark Lord when you summoned him here.” Draco smirked. “Please don’t tell me you actually expected us to start playing fair at some point…”

“Now, Draco,” Tom interjected. “His suggestion does hold some merit.” He took off his shirt. “Besides, it’s about time the three of us become closer, don’t you think?”

“Whatever you say, Tom,” Draco replied with a smile. He tried to act casual about it all, but the desire in his eyes was impossible to hide, not to mention how his cock was already reacting to the night’s events. This was turning out to be a lot more exciting than anything he’d ever done before, and he was hardly inexperienced by any stretch of the imagination.

Harry sat back and watched as the other two removed their shirts, shoes, socks and trousers, until they were both sitting there in just their boxers.

He briefly wondered when Tom had started wearing Muggle-style underwear, but soon found himself distracted by how breathtaking both boys looked. He’d seen their bodies before, of course, but to have them this close, within touching reach, it was… Harry bit his lip. He had no clue what to say or do first, and was very relieved when Tom made the decision for him.

Tom pressed an eager kiss to Harry’s lips. It left Harry panting and breathless. Then Tom moved closer to Draco and they, too, kissed longingly.

Draco held out his hand and Harry took it. They embraced, the three of them, and Harry found it slightly odd, but not awkwardly so.

After all, things between them had changed, and Draco and Tom were actually allowing him to be a part of their relationship, as opposed to some bloke they occasionally messed around with on the side.

Initially, Harry had been scared that he’d end up being used, but luckily, things hadn’t turned out that way at all. What they shared felt genuine to Harry, and quite wonderful on so many levels.

“Harry,” Draco whispered, “lie back down again, would you?”

“Oh.” He frowned. “All right.”

Draco grinned, and carefully pulled down Harry’s boxers.

“Well, what have we here?” he said teasingly, eyeing Harry’s cock with obvious appreciation.

“Um.” Harry blushed furiously. He wanted to say something, anything, utter some cutting retort that would make him seem less inexperienced and foolish, but all ability of coherent speech left him in the very moment Draco took him in his mouth again. All he still managed was a strangled groan.

Through lidded eyes, he saw Tom take something out of a bedside table drawer. It looked like-

Harry gulped.

Tom unscrewed the lid and handed the small jar to Draco, who applied some of its contents onto his fingers.

“Wha-“ Harry began, suddenly feeling extremely nervous, and more than a little scared.

“Shhh,” Draco said soothingly. “Don’t worry. I’m just going to have a feel around. I won’t shag you unless you specifically ask.”

“A feel around,” Harry parroted awkwardly.

“Yes,” Tom cut in. “I think you’re about to be pleasantly surprised. You have to learn to trust us, Potter.” With that, he moved to Harry’s other side, and started to lick and suck Harry’s left nipple.

Moaning deeply, Harry tangled one hand in Tom’s hair and the other in Draco’s.

Trust them. He supposed he could give it a try. He had no complaints so far, at any rate.

Again, Draco was sucking and licking Harry’s cock, while at the same time prodding a finger around Harry’s entrance.

Somewhere at the back of his mind, Harry was still a little scared, but lust and pleasure were fast taking over, drowning out any remaining feelings of uncertainty, until all he could think was “Yes” and “More.”

Meanwhile, Tom was sucking on Harry’s right nipple with fervor, and then Draco…

Emitting what was almost a scream, Harry suddenly, involuntarily, arched off the bed as something deep inside of him was pressed; something that felt- the feeling was truly beyond incredible.

“Oh God, guh, Draco, what…?“

“Well, it looks like I found what I was looking for.” Draco snickered. He pressed the spot once again and this time Harry definitely screamed.

“Brace yourself, Potter,” Draco whispered. “I’m going to make you see stars.”

He turned his full attention back to what he’d being doing previously, sucking Harry’s cock while at the same time pushing his fingers in and out of Harry’s entrance, pressing them down where he knew it would feel good.

Harry whimpered and moaned, thrashing his head from side to side. He knew it wouldn’t be long now before he exploded in Malfoy’s mouth.

Tom held Harry’s hips down to prevent the boy from thrusting up too frantically, and he continued to concentrate on Harry’s sensitive nipples; licking, kissing and sucking, until a broken, whispered plea suddenly stopped him dead in his tracks.

“Tom, would you- guh - kiss me? Please?”

Tom looked up.

Harry was lying there; his eyes wide, small droplets of sweat trickling down his forehead, his cheeks pink and his lips swollen, and Tom smiled at the sight. All he could think was that the boy looked gorgeous.

“All right.”

Continuing to restrain the Gryffindor’s hips with one hand, Tom crawled up Harry’s body and pressed an eager kiss to his soft lips.

Harry kissed back heatedly. He reached his left hand down to clasp Draco’s free hand, as he pulled Tom closer with his right hand. “Oh fuck.” He moaned against Tom’s mouth. His whole body felt as if it was on fire. It definitely wouldn’t be long now, before-

“Oh God, I’m going to-” he gasped out before his climax hit him full-force. Groaning loudly and clinging to Tom for all he was worth, Harry shot his release down Draco’s throat.

Draco didn’t pull back until Harry was completely done. Then he smiled, tenderly kissed Harry’s stomach, and looked at Tom.

“I want you inside me,” he whispered. “Unless you’d rather watch me finish myself off instead?”

“Not a chance, Malfoy.” Tom grinned wickedly. “I’m definitely going to shag you now.”

“Good.” Draco smirked. He removed his boxers, and went to sit on all fours, facing Harry.

Tom applied a generous amount of lube. He was pretty turned on and he hoped it wouldn’t be over too soon. Carefully, with all the self-control he could still muster, he pushed himself inside.

Harry sat up, still somewhat dazed from his recent orgasm. “Draco,” he began, “can I…?”

“Yes, Harry? What?”

Harry scooted closer, cupped Draco’s face with both hands, and kissed him softly. He could taste himself in the kiss, but he didn’t mind. It only made the experience more real and intimate.

In his heart of hearts, Harry knew it was far too early to say anything about love or devotion, even though he really wanted to, so instead, he asked, “Is there anything you’d like me to do to, um, you know, return the favour?”

“No.” Draco smiled. “Just sit back and watch. Watch carefully. Don’t take your eyes off us, not even for one second.”

“Bloody hell.” Harry shook his head and chuckled. “You two really have a thing about watching and being watched, don’t you?”

“Well, there would be no point in trying to deny the obvious.” Draco grinned. “So yes, we do. But only if the right people are involved, though. Well, the right person, anyway.”

Harry smiled. Draco’s thinly veiled revelation left him feeling rather giddy. He had never expected things to get this intense, emotionally.

He moved back, leaned against the headboard and watched as Tom started to move in and out of Draco, both boys rocking their hips back and forth in a steady, leisurely rhythm.

Harry made a mental note to ask how painful doing that for the first time was, and how long it generally took before things started to feel good. He definitely wanted to try sex too, preferably some day soon.

Not before long, they were moving faster and Tom was pumping Draco’s cock in time with his thrusts. Both young men had their eyes closed, and were making a plethora of delicious, erotic noises that almost had Harry’s cock springing to attention again.

He bit his lip, mesmerised by the sight in front of him, until suddenly, much earlier than he’d hoped, it was all over.

Tom and Draco came at about the same time, groaning loudly, before they separated and fell into a heap onto the bed; panting heavily.

Harry took his wand from the nightstand and cast a few cleaning spells, successfully getting rid of all the sticky mess on their bodies and the sheets beneath them.

Draco gazed up at him and smiled.

Harry smiled back, but found himself hesitating. All of a sudden, for reasons he couldn’t explain, he felt somewhat insecure about lying down next to them. He almost felt like an intruder even, until Draco held out a hand and said softly, “Come here, Harry. Let’s get some sleep.”

Harry nodded, grateful for the invitation and the unspoken reassurance that came with it.

He lay down and rested his head against Draco’s warm chest. One of Draco’s arms draped itself around his shoulders, and for a moment, Tom’s hand ruffled his hair affectionately.

Harry smiled.

All three whispered their goodnights, and Harry snuggled even closer, feeling safe and content.

He supposed it was slightly ironic how, with the two most unlikely of people, he had finally found his home, but still, this felt inexplicably right, and he hoped with all his heart that things between them would never change, no matter what the following morning held in store.