The Carwash Girls by Chris Hailey, Copyright 2021

Story codes: Mf, Mff, blowjob, ball licking, rimming, cumshot, Audio script

Summary: It’s that time of year again, time for the freshman volleyball team’s annual fundraising carwash! It’s a very popular fundraiser, because the girls pay particular attention to their customers’ needs.

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

==============



Author's note: 

My favorite voice artist, lewdlexi, has recorded this and posted it as an exclusive audio on her new Patreon site (https://www.patreon.com/LewdLexiAudio), and also has it for sale. For more information about her Patreon site, and also about how to purchase for-sale audios from her, visit Lexi's website at https://lewdlexi.com. Be sure to leave a comment so that Lexi knows that I sent you there!



[Girl leans into the driver-side window of a car]
Hey, handsome! Welcome to the carwash fundraiser for our freshman volleyball team! Do you want the express wash today? For ten dollars, we'll just spray down your car. But I think you look like a guy who wants the deluxe package. For twenty dollars, we'll clean everything, really carefully.

Okay, the deluxe package it is! Trust me, you won't regret your decision. And for another twenty, we'll do it topless!
[Laughs]
I wish we could! But don't bother getting your out wallet again. Our coach won't let us take our bikini tops off. We asked! But he says the school wouldn't like it. They're a bunch of meanies. Don't worry, though. We'll make it worth your time, I promise!

Hey, wait, don't I recognize you? Weren't you here yesterday? Your car doesn't need another wash! You're just horny, aren't you? You're just here to look at our lithe teenage bodies while we get each other all wet and soapy, and rub up against your car.

But hey, that's okay. There's nothing wrong with a horny guy admiring some hot girls. Speaking of...
[Shouting behind her]
Girls! Over here! This guy wants the deluxe package! [SFX: Other girls giggling as they run over. Water splashing on the car.]
Wait a sec, don't roll the window up yet, handsome. It looks like you could use a little help inside the car, too. And today's your lucky day!  We're offering an upgrade, free of charge! You get to have the super deluxe treatment today!

[SFX: Car door opens and closes.]

Wow! It's roomy in here. That's good. It'll make it really easy to give you the super deluxe treatment. 

So, let's see... We usually start out by wiping down the dashboard. Yours is very dusty!

Oops! Sorry! I have to reach over you to get to your side of the dashboard! You don't mind, do you?

I can tell you don't mind, you're staring right at my tits. Although, they are hanging in your face and practically falling out of my bikini, so you can't really help but stare. And I bet you like the way they're bouncing while I reach all the way back to the very corner!

Isn't the super deluxe treatment fun?

So now that your dashboard's all wiped down, what's next? I know, I'll polish your gear stick! And you're in luck, because polishing gear sticks is my specialty. All the guys who get the super deluxe treatment say I'm really good at it. I like to wrap one hand around the stick... and another around the knob... and then I rub my hands up and down.

Oh goodness, you really like watching me do this! I think you'd like it even more if I go faster... and faster.

Oops! It looks like one of my boobs popped out of my bikini top! But Coach can't be mad about that, it happens sometimes when you wear skimpy little bikinis like this one. And he does like it when we wear skimpy little bikinis.

Well, if one tittie's out, I may as well take the other one out, too. They are a matching pair after all!

There you go! Now both of my boobies are out! And it looks to me like you really like 'em this way!

So, now that your gear shift's all nice and clean, is there's anything else around here that needs my feminine attention?

Oh? You have something in mind? I do, too! And I bet we're both thinking the same thing, because judging from that big bulge in your pants, it looks like your cock needs a little attention. We don't usually include that in the super deluxe treatment, but since you're such a loyal customer, I think I we can work something out.

I'll just unbuckle your pants...

Oh come on, don't be shy. Don't worry about the other girls, they've seen it all before. Heck, they've done it all before. I bet that if the other girls see us in here, they're all gonna want a turn. That's the kind of girls we are.

So here we go! Time to get a good look at you dick.

Oh, wow, that's even bigger your gear stick! And it the knob's bigger, too! I want to polish it!

I'll let you in on a little secret. When I polish a big stiff cock like yours, I like to use my mouth. Can I use my mouth? Pretty please?

[Sound of one suck]

Oh, look out the window! My friend Stacy's got her bikini top all soaking wet. She's got way bigger boobs than me, doesn't she? And here she comes, she's pushing her big wet tits up against the window, right in front of you!

[Another suck]

You just sit there and watch her soapy wet boobies slide up and down your window, while I suck your cock.

[Blowjob sounds]

Mmm I taste a little precum!

[More blowjob sounds]

You must be really hard up, 'cause you're leaking like crazy. I bet your wife never does this for you anymore.

[More blowjob sounds, gagging]

You want to blow your load, don't you? You want to fill my belly full with your hot nasty cum!

But first, I've absolutely got to lick your balls. There's nothing better to lick than a big set of balls like yours. Well, maybe there's one thing better, but we'll get to that in a second.

[Licks]

Oh jeez, I bet balls like these can shoot a really big load! I can't wait to find out. But first, I have something to confess: I'm a total ass girl. I noticed the second that you pulled up, that you're the kind of guy who has a gorgeous ass.

You wouldn't mind, would you, if I lick your ass?

I didn't think so!

[Licks]

Oh god. I love licking a nice asshole like yours so much!

[Licks]

Oh fuck, I'm so horny now. I know this is a little bit out of the ordinary for a carwash fundraiser, but I've absolutely got to have your cock inside me. Let's just call it the super duper deluxe package, okay?

You really don't have any choice, Mister. You're going to get fucked by a freshman volleyball player, right now, whether you want it or not! Although, I'm pretty sure you want it. All you horny men want to to be fucked by girls like me!

Come on, admit it. You want to bury that beautiful cock of yours in my teenage pussy. Say it. Tell me.

Good! I'm glad you want my pussy, 'cause I want to give it to you, and I think you're really gonna like it.

I'll lift my miniskirt, and, oh, look! No panties!

Us girls never wear panties to our carwash fundraisers. We've found that we get way more tips if we don't wear any panties. Although, personally, I want more than just the tip. I want the whole thing! [Giggle]

So, am I right, mister? Do you like my pussy? She's so pink, and smooth, and soft. And she's dripping wet, isn't she? She's just aching to have your big cock inside her. We really shouldn't make her wait any longer. I'm gonna climb on top of you now, and I'm gonna fuck your brains out.

That's what the super duper deluxe treatment is. Getting your brains fucked out by a hot college freshman!

Oh my god!

[Moan, sex sounds]

What a fantastic cock!

[Moan, sex sounds]

God, I'm so glad you got the super duper deluxe treatment!

[Moan, sex sounds]

Oh look! [Pant] The girls are trying to... [Pant] tell us something.

They're pointing at their faces! I think they want you to blow your load onto their faces!

[Moan, sex sounds]

How about it? Should we... [Pant] Should we give them their facial?

I'll just open the door, and, here they are, they're kneeling right in front of you. Aren't they cute? Stacy's got pretty auburn hair and blushing cheeks and a pale little nose, and Tamara has beautiful dark skin, and such a big smile.

See how they're looking up at you? Wide-eyed, willing, so ready, so eager. Have you ever seen such a perfect target for your cum? A couple of college freshmen who can't wait to get their faces covered with your nasty goo.

Now aim your big dick at them, and I'll jack you off, and together we'll paint the faces of those pretty teenagers with your cum.

[Hand job sounds, if possible]

I'll count down for you, okay? And you cum when I tell you.

[Say the numbers slowly, pause in between] [Continue hand job sounds throughout]

Five...

Four...

Three... Get ready! Are you ready? Are you ready to shoot your hot cum all over those pretty faces?

Two... Not quite yet! Make 'em wait for it!

[Pause]

And... One!

That's right, dump your load on the faces of these two freshman sluts! Give them everything you've got! Every drop!

This is so much fun! I'm aiming your cock while you cum, one shot for Stacy, then the next for Tamara, then one for both of them at the same time! We're covering their faces! Fuck, look at how your cum is dripping off their noses and down their cheeks!

Oh wow you shot such a huge load! You painted them good. You're like an artist. A cumshot artist.

Well now, I think you're pretty happy with the twenty dollar carwash you got today, aren't you? I promise I'll make sure the girls don't clean their faces off, so that they're still dripping cum when we help the next customer. That'll be so much fun! And I think they'll get a really big tip!

And you... I bet you're coming back again tomorrow, aren't you?

Excellent. I'll make sure to have the super duper deluxe package ready when you get here, free of charge!



[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com. Also, visit my story site at www.asstr.org/~Chris_Hailey. Thanks!]
