Author: mypenname3000
Title: Lesbian's Reality Altering Ring Chapter Seven: Kimberly Makes An All-Girl's School
Summary: Kimberly turns her school from coed to all girl with her naughty powers!
Keywords: Ff mf ff mc bodymod oral inter preg lac public school wife breed

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader for proofing this! The first chapter of this story was a commission by the fan who brought you Summoning My Succubus Mother! I've been allowed to continue it at my own discretion.

Kimberly Park

I smiled as Sascha went off to fuck the first of the ten guys she had to suffer through before coming back to me. Ten guys that would become women. That was just something so naughty. I could breed girls by tribbing with them, but there just weren't enough girls in the world.

And my powers had limitations, but... I could use my ring to make other women into... wonderful conduits of femininity. It was an exponential system. The more women that I gave this gift to, the more men that would be turned into women and on and on and on.

It would be an amazing world.

I could also give other women the breeding ability. And here was what was so amazing about this. Any one of these sorts of wishes would burn through my ring, but then whatever woman I made the wish fora changer or a breederwould provide me the pussy juices to refresh my ring.

It was amazing.

Yes, yes, yes, I have to fuck you for Mistress Kimberly, Jack, squealed Sascha.

I smiled as she threw herself at the guy and glanced at Mrs. Masters. The teacher whose class I had crashed to punish Sascha stared at me with awe on her lips. I looked the MILF up and down. She had blonde hair and big boobs. That I needed to see naked.

Let me see you naked, I told her. Mmm, I just want to see that gorgeous body of yours right now.

Yes, Kimberly, moaned Mrs. Masters.

She unbuttoned her blouse, her face flushed. She wanted me. Every woman did. I was perfect thanks to P's gift. She had given me something amazing. Something perfect. I was so happy to have this ability.

It was a delight to watch the MILF strip. Her blonde hair spilled around her flushed face. She worked at the buttons of that blouse and opened it. I loved how her big breasts were constrained by a powder-blue bra. Her boobs quivered in the cups as I winked at her, kneading my own tits as I watched her strip.

She reached behind her and unclasped her bra. I groaned as those cups fell away, exposing those big, motherly tits. Soft and topped by fat, dusky-pink nipples. Those were just a beautiful set of tits that made my cunt quiver.

Do you like them, Kimberly? she asked, trembling as she stared at me. I mean... They're not too big, right?

No, no, they're not too big at all, I groaned, staring at her in awe. Those beauties are just perfect. Ooh, yes, yes, Mrs. Masters, you have amazing breasts.

She beamed at me as Sascha grimaced in the background, hating that cock she was riding. Well, it wouldn't be a cock for much longer.

Mrs. Masters unzipped her pencil skirt and let it fall down her thighs and land around her feet. She wore matching panties, the crotch soaked. I groaned at the sight, my mind already thinking of the perfect gift for her. She had a husband, and I wanted her to be a breeder. I would make her have a special wish.

She would become a breeder and transform her husband into a wife when they next make love. Then she would trib and breed her with that pussy. I let out the power, the ring crumbling just from it as she shoved down her panties and exposed her bush.

The ring ate away. I watched it dwindling. Growing thinner and thinner until it was a moment from snapping. My heart pounded. That wish might have been too much. As Mrs. Masters straightened, I shoved my hand between her thighs and rubbed my ring into her blonde bush.

Into her pussy. 

I felt my ring growing back. A wave of relief washed through me. I felt like I was about to let it disintegrate. That if I hadn't given it pussy juices, I would have been in trouble. But I felt it growing strong again as it fed on this woman.

Then I thrust my fingers into my teacher's pussy. Mrs. Masters groaned as I fingered her. Those large boobs of hers swayed before me. Her face twisted with delight. She looked like she was having such a hot time as I thrust my fingers into her twat.

Yes, yes, yes, that's wonderful, she whimpered. Kimberly! Kimberly is caressing me. She's fingering my twat with such force.

I smiled at her as she trembled. Her pussy clenched around my digits. I loved that. I slid my thumb through her pussy lips and found her clit. I massaged her and loved how she trembled now. She groaned and swayed.

She looked so happy as I did that. It was so hot to make her feel this good. Her juices soaked my fingers. They dripped down the back of my hand. I grabbed her boob with my right hand. I squeezed her tit, loving the feel of her in my hand.

Mmm, you're just a naughty teacher, I purred. Just loving having your student's fingers thrusting in and out of your cunt. How does that feel? Huh?

It feels so good, she moaned, her pussy clenching down on my digits. Oh, wow. That's so good. You have an amazing touch.

Better than your husband? I purred.

Oh, definitely, she moaned. Your touch is just so wonderful. Oh, my god, Kimberly, I'll be a naughty teacher every day for you.

Good, I purred and ducked my head down and suckled on her nipple I nursed with such passion on her. She groaned as I did that. No breast milk gushed out, what a pity, but it was always such a delight to have a woman's nipple in my mouth. 

They were just so delicious.

But I wanted to have her eat my pussy. I popped my mouth off her nipple and leaned back, my fingers sliding out of her cunt. I grinned at her, my big boobs jiggling. She stared at me, her eyes glossy with her lusts.

Time for you to eat me out, Mrs. Masters, I groaned. I want that tongue dancing through my folds. How does that sound?

Just wonderful, she groaned and fell to her knees. In the background, Jack groaned.

Mrs. Masters buried her face into my pussy. She tongued my slit. I loved the feel of her lapping at my snatch. It was so hot. The teacher feasted on me with her hunger. My gold ring sparkled from my wish as my boobs jiggled.

What the fuck? a feminine voice gasped. I smiled to see Jack had become Jill. She was still in her boy's clothes. I winked at her as her eyes fell on my big boobs. She groaned in delight while Sascha whimpered with passion.

I made him into a woman, she groaned then rushed at the next boy. She pounced, eager to turn Bill into Billie. That would be so hot.

And even better was having Mrs. Masters tongue me as Jill trembled. She would love to be a new woman. She stared down at her tits as I savored that hot tongue dancing through my pussy folds. She licked me with hunger. 

I groaned, my face contorting with the delight the sexy teacher created by licking me. She lapped at me with hunger. She devoured my cunt. Her tongue buried into my depths. I groaned, my snatch clenching about her swirling tongue.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned. Ooh, that's so good. Oh, god, I love it. You are going to drown in my pussy cream, Mrs. Masters. How does that sound?

She whimpered in delight, her tongue dancing around in my cunt. It sounded like she was so happy about it. Just so thrilled to feast on me. I loved her twirling her tongue through my twat. It was a thrill. I loved every second of it.

She fucked her tongue in and out of my twat. I loved that. It was a treat to feel the MILF-teacher doing that to me. She was using such naughty techniques to make me cum. I whimpered, rising towards that moment of climax.

I gripped my boobs. I kneaded them. My face contorted with passion as that wicked teacher swirled her tongue around in me. My eyes flicked to Jill. She was still squeezing her tits, but her eyes were on me.

Just like they should be.

I smiled and beckoned to her. She shuddered and headed to me, her large tits jiggling. She had such delicious boobs now that she had been improved by Sascha's delicious twat. My cunt clenched down around the teacher's tongue.

Mmm, aren't you just sexy, I said to the new naked girl. You're going to love being a hottie.

I will, she said, staring at me as she fell under my spell. 

Good, good. My smile groaned. You want to eat my pussy?

She nodded.

Yeah, you want to eat my pussy. I smiled. You have to fuck a hundred guys and turn them into women with that amazing cunt of yours.

My ring corroded as I unleashed my power. I thrust my hand between her thighs and cupped her hot twat. I rubbed my ring into her pussy folds. My ring drank that cunt cream. It absorbed her passion as I made her into another changer.

Now, go, I groaned, my orgasm building and building on Mrs. Masters tongue. Every one hundred men you make into women, I'll let you eat my pussy!

I will! Jill cried and darted towards another of the guys in the classroom. 

A big smile spread on my lips. This was amazing. I loved this hot passion. Mrs. Masters's tongue darted around in my twat. It was fantastic. I loved that hot delight. She flicked her tongue to my clit. She nibbled on it. 

The feel of Mrs. Master was incredible. I threw back my head, my face twisting with delight as my orgasm built and built. She had such delicate lips. They were made to please women. I loved that so much. It was amazing to have my teacher eating me.

I squeezed my breasts. I kneaded them as the naughty slut was riding her next guy. Ooh, this was going to be such a wonderful world that I would create. I would make it so much better than it was right now.

All thanks to this ring.

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped. Oh, Mrs. Masters. Oh, that's so good. That's so fucking awesome. You're going to make me explode.

Oh, good, she moaned. I'm doing good?

Yes, you are, I groaned. Just keep nibbling on my bud. Just keep it up and... Oh, god, that's so good. That's amazing to have you sucking on me like that.

She fluttered her tongue around my clit. She danced with such skill. It was so dexterous to have her do that. I was in heaven having her doing that. I trembled, my big boobs jiggling in my kneading hands. I squeezed them tight.

Then she suckled on my clit. I gasped and threw back my head. My black hair swayed down my body as the pleasure grew and grew in me. I dug my fingers into my big, soft titties. The pressure in my pussy hit that bursting point.

I exploded.

Oh, fuck, yes, I gasped and drowned Mrs. Masters with my pussy juices.

My cunt writhed and spasmed. Pleasure swept through me as she licked up the juices spilling out of my twat. She drank my wonderful pussy cream as my mind drowned with ecstasy. My back arched, my hands squeezing my tits.

The rapture swept through me. I loved every moment of this. I whimpered, the girls in the class staring at me with such hunger. They all wanted to be in Mrs. Masters's place. They all craved to be showered in my pussy cream.

I hit the wonderful peak of my orgasm. I quivered there, savoring this amazing moment. I floated there. The classroom watched me, the moans of Sascha echoing through the classroom as she worked another guy towards becoming a woman. It was just such a wonderful thing.

I would transform the world into something amazing.

Mrs. Masters lifted her face from between my thighs. My pussy cream dripped down the teacher's chin. She left her plump lips, savoring the spicy flavor of my pussy. Then she stared up at me as she straightened, her big boobs swaying back and forth before my eyes.

I grabbed her tits, kneading their soft, plump mounds. She quivered as I did that and said, Thank you for letting me service your pussy, Kimberly. What can I do this service you next?

How would you like to have my daughter? I asked her. You will be breeding your wife tonight, but I could put a baby in your womb right now. How would you like to have my lezzie daughter?

Her blue eyes lit up at what I said, and she exclaimed, Yes!

I grinned at that. Have you ever heard of tribbing?

She shook her head. But I am eager to learn. I know that you have so much to teach me, Kimberly.

I smiled. Yes, I did. Lie down on the floor, and spread your legs apart. We are going to scissor our legs and grind our cunts together. We are going to keep rubbing them together and tell we explode. Hot, right?

Oh, that sounds so hot, Kimberly, Mrs. Masters said. She immediately went down onto the floor, leaning back on her elbows. Her largest tits jiggled and swayed as she squirmed there. God, she had amazing boobs.

My pussy was dripping wet as I sank to the floor. I thrust my left leg beneath her right, and my right leg above her left. Then I slid closer and closer to her, bringing my pussy towards her furred muff. This naughty heat wash through me as cunts came closer and closer together.

I would breed my teacher.

Her furred muff rubbed into my shade twat. I shuddered at the ticklish caress of her silky curls upon my vulva. I quivered in the light as I pressed my pussy into her bush. We both moaned in delight as we started rubbing our cunts together. It was such a wonderful thing to trip her.

I helped against her, wiggling my hips in slow circles. Shivering delight swept through me as her pubic hair rubbed against my shade pussy. My clit and labia both drank in the wonderful sensation of her thick bush. She moaned, her hands grabbing a hold of my left leg. She gripped me, almost using me for leverage as she ground against me.

Oh, Kimberly, yes! Mrs. Masters moaned as she tribbed with me. This is amazing!
I know, I gasped, savoring the way that her bush rubbed on my shaved pussy. I am going to knock you up. You are going to have my lezzie baby!

Yes! she screamed at the top of her lungs. Every student in the classroom heard her.

Oh, I want to be in your place, Mrs. Masters, gasped Cynthia. Oh, I would have your baby, Kimberly!

Right, right, right? squealed Alice. She squirmed above us, watching as Mrs. Masters and I ground our pussies together. I would love to have Kimberly's baby!

I loved the fan club watching us as I rotated my hips, smearing my shaved twat into the teacher's thick bush. Shudders of delight rippled through my body, tingles of bliss that washed through me. I quivered, loving every moment of tribbing with my teacher. It was pure ecstasy.

I could not wait for us both to cum. For us both to shower the other's pussy in hot cream. I would soak her bush in my spicy juices. And she would gush her passion, soaking my nethers and all her wonderful delights. It would be incredible.

And as I climax, the power of the ring that P gave me would breed her. It should be impossible, but my ring rewrote reality. It sculpted into what I wanted. I was so excited. So thrilled. I would really make this world into my lesbian paradise.

Just thinking about that had me grinding my twat even harder against Mrs. Masters's silky bush.

I built and built towards my orgasm with the sexy MILF teacher. My hips rotated, my pussy grinding on hers. Her silky curls tickled me. I shuddered, reveling in the delight of her bush smearing across my shaved vulva. I quivered as my orgasm approached that bursting point.

Our clits kissed. Sparks exploded from my pearl. They set off the explosion in my cunt.

Yes! I squealed as my orgasm swept through me. I'm breeding you, Mrs. Masters! I'm knocking you up!

She ground her furred muff against my shaved pussy and she gasped, Yes, yes, I'm having your lezzie baby!

As my pussy juices gushed out of my cup, her hot cream flooded out of her twat. I shuddered as our passion mixed where our snatches rubbed. I shuddered, my big boo smacking together as the waves of ecstasy stirred through my body. They crashed against my mind. Stars danced above me.

Our gasps and moans resounded through the classroom. We filled it with our passionate cries of ecstasy. Rapturous shouts burst from our lips as we ground our pussies together. It was incredible. I quivered, savoring the sapphic bliss that swept through my body again and again.

I love cumming on my teacher's cunt. I love that our cream mixed, her juices and mine swirling into one delicious mess. It was outstanding to hit that wonderful peak. I quivered at the heights of my ecstasy. Euphoria saying through my veins. For one glorious moment, I was nothing but rapture.

And then it died away into such a quivering delight. I shuddered, sucking in deep breaths. Mrs. Masters quivered, her ticklish curls caressing over my sensitive vulva.

Oh, I just know that you bred me, she purred. Oh, that was just the most amazing thing in the world, Kimberly.

And when you get home tonight, you're going to trib with your wife and knock her up, I told her.

Oh, that will be so amazing, she groaned. Thank you, Kimberly. Oh, thank you so much!

I smiled as I stood, my big boobs smacking together. All the girls in the classroom were staring at me. They all want me, even the ones that used to be guys. Sascha was doing such good work. And so was the other one. I had already forgotten her name.

Okay, okay, I told the girls as I faced them. Let's line up. Right here before me. I'm gonna change all your fates. It's going to be amazing!

The girls all squealed in delight as they moved before me. My pussy clenched as I flexed the fingers of my left hand. My thumb rubbed at that special ring. This was where it started. Where I begin to change things. They were all so happy. Sascha and that other girl were bucking the guys, making new women.

Good news, I told the first girl. She was a Hispanic girl with a cute face. I unsnapped the fly of her jeans and shoved my hand into her panties, feeling her thick bush. You're going to be a breeder. Any girl you trib with has a chance of becoming pregnant.

I concentrate on that, not wanting to have her breed every girl she tribbed. But to have it be more like it was in real life. A chance. A risk. The power rushed through me as my wish changed her. I felt my ring corroding away. But then her juices soaked my fingers and repaired it.

That was the beauty of my idea. Every girl I changed I would then use her pussy juices to give me more power.

Now, have fun being a lesbian, I told her. There's going to be a lot more women in this world.

Oh, that's wonderful, Kimberly, she said. She squirmed there. Can I... eat your pussy?

Why not, I said, winking at her. You did get in the front of the line. Your lucky day.

She fell to her knees before me. Her face into my shaved pussy. As she started licking me, the next girl in line lifted her skirt, flashing a pair of black panties. She was a dirty blonde with a dirty smile.

You're going to be a changer, I told her. You want to go have sex with as many guys as you can as often as you can. If they come in any of your three holes, they will become a woman. You are going to make this world a better place.

Yes! she squealed as that Hispanic girl feasted on my cunt.

The ring corroded. Another wish granted. So I thrust my finger against her pussy and drink in her juices. I quivered on the Hispanic slut's mouth as I mended the ring. This was such a rush. I pulled my hand away from her, saving that tongue stirring up my cunt.

Next! I moaned.

They came. Half of them I made into breeders. Half I made in the changers.

I sent them out. I unleashed them on the world. To knock up girls. To change boys into hotties. It would be slow at first, but the more girls I made into changers, the more men would become women. It would be exponential. Eventually, I would hit a point where in that day, millions and millions of men would be changing to women.

Then the world would be saved. It would be so much better with just women. Lesbians. I would be their queen.

Just thinking about it made me shudder on the Hispanic girl's lips. Her tongue swirled around in my pussy. I shuddered, my big boobs bouncing and jiggling as she laughed at me. I threw back my head, my long mane of black hair dancing down my back. I grabbed my nipples.

Twisted them. Pinched them. Such bliss shot down to my pussy. It mixed with the ecstasy that the Hispanic girl's tongue churned my snatch. Then she flicked her naughty appendage to my clit. She polished that little pearl nestled in the folds of my twat. I quivered in delight.

That's it, you little whore, I moaned as I came on her mouth.

All the girls were assigned their roles. All the guys were becoming women. I shuddered, the rapture sweeping through me. Stars danced before my eyes as the ecstasy drowned my mind. I gasped and moaned, reveling in the power that P had given me. Whoever she was, she was amazing.

I rode my orgasm to its climactic gallop. After the long through rapture for one more glorious second, and then I came down from that amazing bliss. I shuddered, panting with delight. I was dizzy, the world spinning around me from all the pleasure that the Hispanic slut gave me.

And then I smiled at the new girls. The gender-swapped women. They were all eager for their roles too.

And I gave it to them. 

<p style="text-align: center;">~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Erika Nair

I stared at my swarthy face in the mirror, my skin so much darker than most of the girls that attended this high school. Was that what Kimberly liked about me? I was so lucky that the hottest woman in the world loved me! Hey, it had to be my exotic, Indian looks.

I finished washing my hands after using the restroom. I was pregnant now, and it seemed like I already had to pee too much. I was so excited. I must be the first woman ever to be impregnated by another woman. That was just how amazing Kimberly was. She could grind her twat against yours and put a baby in your womb.

It was already coming so fast. I just felt that it would be a normal pregnancy. It would take a little more than a week. Wasn't that exciting?

Oh, yes, it was.

I headed out of the bathroom and heard a squeal of girls. They ran by naked. All of them had cum running down their thighs. I blinked at that. They had been fucking guys? Those poor girls. Then one of them threw open the door of the classroom and shouted, There are boys in here! Let's change them!

Change them? What did that mean?

I shrugged and headed the way they had run from. They had come from a classroom that had a line of girls before it. They were all wearing clothes that were too big for them. Boys' clothes. That's so weird. I peeked and saw Kimberly at the head of the line.

She stared at the girl before her, a Black girl with dreadlocks. She wore a football jersey for our high school's team. It was clearly a boys' jersey. The neck hole was too big for her, draping off her shoulder like it was a dress with a wide neckline.

You're going to be a changer, said Kimberly. After you've changed ten thousand boys into girls, and then you can eat my pussy. How does that sound?

Wonderful, Kimberly, the girl said. Thank you, thank you, thank you for giving me this chance.

It's going to take a long time for her to fuck ten-thousand boys, I said as I walked down the line.

I know, she said as the Black girl darted off. She rushed down the line, a hop to her step. The next girl stepped up, struggling to hold up her jeans. Mmm, you are going to be a breeder!

After my girlfriend declared that, she thrust her hand between the girl's legs and cupped her thick, brown bush. The girl shuddered as Kimberly fingered her. It was always exciting to watch her do that. She was just so naughty.

But she didn't finger the girl long as Kimberly nodded to the girl and sent her on the way. My girlfriend glanced at me as the next girl stepped up. Kimberly looked her up and down then made her into a changer and sent her off to fuck ten-thousand boys.

It was so fascinating to watch. One after the other, Kimberly was making them into breeders and changers. And more and more girls were coming in. And some weren't even girls. They were teachers, though I didn't recognize any of them.

Though one wore one of Mr. Bakers' patent sweater vests. 

They're really all guys you changed into girls? I asked in awe.

Yeah, this method doesn't rewrite the world like with Andrea, Kimberly said.

What about Andrea? I asked and smiled. You two were so cute the first time I saw you in matching dresses.

Matching dresses, huh, Kimberly said. It's always strange to hear how things are now.

She smiled at me. She was such a cutie. Korean, though she didn't have the slanted eyes. She wasn't as White looking as her older sister Sandra. Kimberly shoved her hand into the next girl, humming happily as she made a breeder.

I just watched on, fascinated. It was just such a hot sight to see all these girls being given their new lives. They were heading out to do her bidding. To breed girls and change men into women. 

You are just amazing, Kimberly, I said. It had been an hour, and more and more were showing up. You must have turned every guy that goes to our school into a woman by now.

Maybe, Kimberly said. I know my poor wrist is getting sore. Having to cup all their pussies. But it's important. We're going to change the world.

Of course, you are going to change the world, I told her. You are just that awesome. I'm so happy that I'm your girlfriend. Yours! A giddy rush swept through me. And then I'll have your baby and everything!

Kimberly smiled and held up her left hand. Her fingers were coated in pussy juices. Gladly, I licked them clean. She had a melange of cunt cream on her digits. Spicy and sweet. Tangy and tart. It was so incredible to suck them off her fingers one by one.

And if you need a massage, I purred. Well, I know just what I can do to them.

Finger your pussy? Kimberly asked with wry amusement.

Just imagine sinking those digits in my pussy. Just filling up my cunt with all of them. I'll rub my little clit until I explode. I winked at her. Just imagine how hot that will be to be massaged by my juicy twat. Huh?

Yeah, that does sound so hot. She licked her lips. Okay, all of you waiting, just be patient. I need to get a pussy massage for my fingers from my delicious girlfriend.

No one objected. In fact, they were also eager to please Kimberly. They recognized just how important she was. How special. I was so lucky to have her.

But we have to get you naked, purred my lover. Let's get those clothes off and see those big, swarthy tits. Mmm, that sounds just perfect. I'm going to love working all my digits into your tight, young cunt.

All of them, I moaned.

She helped me pull off my blouse, my large tits constrained in a bra. I reached behind me to undo the fastener and free my big boobies. Milk beaded at the tips of my nipples. White on the dark-brown nubs. I hope she nursed from them, too.

 Next, Kimberly yanked off my skirt. Was I wearing panties? Of course not! I shuddered, seeing the line of gender-swapped women staring at me. They were all so envious. But I was Kimberly's girlfriend. Her best friend and lover. I was special.

Look at that grin, Kimberly said as she cupped my shaved pussy. Erika, you look like you're on top of the world. Like you're a queen.

Aren't I your queen? I asked as her fingers slid up and down my dripping slit. I quivered at her touch, then gasped as she massaged my little bud.

I guess you are, Kimberly purred as she pressed the first of her digits into my pussy. My little lezzie queen. My Indian goddess.

I shuddered as her fingers slid deeper and deeper into my pussy. It was such an incredible delight to have her in my cunt. I shuddered, loving our little finger wiggled about in my twat's depths. I quivered, my milk-heavy boobs jiggling.

Then she thrust her second digit in me. She had her middle and ring fingers in me. Her left hand, too. I thought she was right-handed. No, she was right-handed, but she was pushing the fingers of her left hand into my pussy. I shuddered as she worked the pair of them in and out of me. Her thumb rubbed at my clit.

I whimpered in delight as she leaned over and latched onto my dark-brown nipple. She still her lips about my nub and suckled. My milk squirted into her mouth, my pussy clamping down on her two digits. The tingling delight from her nursing shot straight to my cunt, adding to the heat already building in there.

Kimberly! I groaned as she slipped a third finger into my cunt. Her pinky finger.

It was so wonderful to have three of her fingers in my pussy. She stretched me out as she nursed from my nipple. My eyes fluttered as the milk gushed out of my nub. I clamped my cunt down on her as she thrust her trio digits in and out of my snatch. Pleasure rippled through me.

I moaned as she gulped down my breast milk. She swallowed the creamy delight as she worked those three digits in and out of my cunt. Then she slipped the fourth in. It was time for me to start my massage. I would make all those fingers feel amazing. I whimpered, more of my milk squirting into her mouth.

I stroked my hand through Kimberly's black hair she gulped on my breast milk. She worked four digits in and out of my pussy, stretching me out. It felt so amazing, so wondrous to have all four of her digits bearing into my pussy. My toes quivered as I squirmed there.

Yes, yes, drink all my milk, I purred.

She fingered my pregnant pussy faster and faster. I squeezed my flesh down on her to massage her fingers. To relax her after all the work she'd been doing. She was making this world a better place, I was doing my part by supporting her. Loving her.

Oh, Kimberly, yes, yes, just enjoy my pussy, I moaned, the pleasure rippling through my body.

She flicked her eyes up to meet mine, winking at me. I grinned at her as she thrust her digits deep into my cunt.

I shuddered as she churned me up. Her four fingers worked in and out of my twat, the pleasure rippling through me. Her thumb rubbed through my folds and found my clit peeking out of its little hood. I quivered, loving the orgasm building inside of me.

When I came, my cunt would really massage her digits. I couldn't wait for the pleasure to swell through me. It would be amazing. Especially with her thumb rubbing at my clit. She polished my pearl with fast circles.

I whimpered as the pleasure grew and grew in me. The need to cum swelling and swelling in the depths of my snatch. I trembled, my big boobs jiggling, especially the one she was in nursing from. My nipple throbbed every time she suckled, the milk squirting out of me and flooding her mouth.

Oh, Kimberly, I'm almost there! I moaned.

She suckled harder, gulping down my breast milk as she plunged her fingers in and out of my snatch. Her thumb rubbed harder on my clit.

Yes, yes, I'm about to cum! I gasped, noticing the girls watching on in envy.

Kimberly suckled harder at my breast, my milk flooding her mouth. My admission seemed to have inspired her to thrust her four digits faster in and out of my naughty pussy. She rubbed harder at my clit, too. I quivered as she did that, my orgasm about to burst through me.

Kimberly! I moaned, my twat squeezing down hard on her four fingers. You're amazing!

My bud exploded with sparks.

They sizzled through my pussy and set off my orgasm.

I bucked before the watching women, my twat spasming around my girlfriend's digits. I massaged her fingers, relaxing them with my convulsing cunt. The pleasure rush through me as I did that, the ecstasy washing through my body and bathing my mind as I soothed Kimberly.

She kept suckling from me as the pleasure rushed through me. It was just such a hot delight. I enjoyed every second of it. Every last moment of coming on my girlfriend's digits. My nipple burst with tingling passion as she suckled more of my breast milk out of me.

You're just so amazing, Kimberly! I squealed as I trembled through my orgasm.

My left boob bounced as she gripped my right, her lips nursing out another mouthful of my creamy milk. Stars dance before my eyes as the watching girls quivered in envy. All this pleasure swept through me. It was so amazing.

I hit that wonderful peak, my pussy convulsing around her digits a few more times. I shuddered there as she drank one last time from my nipple. Then she popped her mouth off and rose. She cupped my face and kissed me, snowballing my breast milk into my mouth.

It was so wonderful to swap my breast milk back and forth with Kimberly. I loved every moment of it. That creamy, sweet delight danced around our tongues as they played together. I came down from the high of my orgasm as my hands slid down Kimberly's back to grip her curvy rump.

Thank you, Kimberly purred. That's just what my fingers needed, Erika. You're the best girlfriend ever. 

<p style="text-align: center;">~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kimberly Park

A week had passed since I began my designs to change all the men into women. It was an exciting time, I was having to finger a lot of twats to keep my ring powered. An endless stream of women. Both natural-born ones and the gender-swapped ones. It was tedious but worth it.

Of course, I needed a break.

I was walking naked down the street, wearing only a pair of sandals. My amazing girlfriend Erika walked at my side, her arm intertwined with mine. She was equally naked, her swarthy, milk-laden breasts jiggling. Her pregnant belly swelled before her. She would be giving birth soon, but it was nice having her so round and obviously pregnant for a few days.

I couldn't help but reach my left hand across her body to rub about her baby bump. A few more days, she would give birth to our daughter. I needed to come up with a good name for her.

Your mom says you're going to be interviewed by Joy Beaver on national TV, Erika said. That's amazing that you're going to be on her show.

Yep, I said, grinning. I had set up this interview with the wish. That wasn't her real name, of course. I just thought that Joy Beaver was so much better than Joy Brendons. I cannot wait to show her beaver off to the entire world.

You doing so wonderful, my girlfriend said. I loved how supportive she was. Can I be in the audience?

Backstage, I said, winking at her. A limo is coming to pick us up and everything.

You are amazing, Erika said.

I know, I said, and turned  down the next street. We were met with a guy running from a crowd of squealing women wanting to turn him into a girl. I smiled. Progress is so beautiful, isn't it?

Yes, it is, Erika said as the group passed us by. Just where are we going?

To get a massage, I said, nodding to the side ahead. And it's going to have a happy ending.

I could use a happy ending right now, Erika said. I'm so horny, so I would love a full-body massage. But would you please, please eat my pussy out first, Kimberly?

My gorgeous girlfriend fluttered her eyes at me. I shuddered at the sight, my cunt clenching. Right here on the street, any woman could watch us. Where any woman could suckle from her big tits and drink from her yummy breast milk.

Sure, I said, grabbing her big, red-brown tits. I squeezed them, milk beading at the tips of her even darker brown nipples. They looked so scrumptious.

So I ducked my head down, slid my lips over a fat nub, and nursed. Her creamy breast milk flooded my mouth. That sweet delight her down my throat left that wondrous cantaloupe aftertaste. She moaned as I suckled again, more remote gushing into my mouth.

I loved doing this right here on the street. I was a goddess. The ring that P gave me was amazing. I was so glad that I got it. I still didn't understand why she sent it to me, I no longer cared. I was given the power, and I was using it to make this world better.

As I drink her breast milk, my hands slid over her swollen belly. I loved the feel of her pregnant stomach, our daughter growing so fast in her womb. This was such a miracle. The first child born to two women. It hadn't been done through science. That was a man thing.

It had been done through magic. Feminine passion. Belief. Feelings. My love made this happen.

Our love.

I gulped down more and more of her breast milk, my pussy getting so wet. My cunt just dripped with excitement. The cream ran hot down my thighs as I swallowed her creamy delight. Her motherly treat warmed my belly, heating my cunt. And I knew her twat was juicy.

I hungered to fall to my knees and eat her out right here, right now. I was so close to doing it, but the sweetness of her breast milk kept me suckling just a few more times. I filled my mouth with her motherly cream, holding as much as I could, then slid my lips off her nipple.

I dropped to my knees and came face to face with her shaved, pregnant twat. She dripped with juices, her tart musk filling the air. My mouth watered as I leaned in to feast on her. I heard women talking, knew they were gathering to watch me feast on my girlfriend's cunt.

That made me so wet.

The tangy aroma of my girlfriend's pussy filling my nose, I pressed my lips against her shaved twat. She kept herself nice and bald for me. I love the feel of her on my mouth, the smooth flesh of her vulva and the silky warmth of her passion was a true treat to experience.

I slid my hands around to grab her plump ass as I licked at her pussy. My Indian goddess squealed in delight as my tongue parted her pregnant folds and stroked up to her clit. I loved the taste of her. The feel of her. I breathed in that tart aroma, A shudder rippling through me.

That was the scent of heaven.

I looked at her twat, feeling the eyes on us. I loved that they were watching us. It was even hotter than making a video for my OnlyFans account. I was making so much money for that and we had already found our new house. Soon, we would be moving into a mansion where there was plenty of room for me to breed not just Kimberly, but my twin sister Andrea, our older sister Sandra, our mother, and Natalie, Andrea's girlfriend.

It would be my lezzie paradise. And there was one more person we needed.

Then my family would be whole.

I thrust my tongue into Erika's pussy. I swirled around inside of her, teasing her. Loving her. I stroked her silky walls as she quivered. Her round and pregnant belly jiggled over my head while her boobs swayed from side to side. She had such beautiful, dark-red skin.

It's her, someone whispered behind me. She's why I'm now married to a woman. A woman who says I'm going to have her baby. Kimberly.

Do you support her on OnlyFans? Another woman whispered. Because she puts out such hot, incestuous videos. Watching her fuck her mother is wild.

No, I need to join, the first woman said.

Yes, yes, you do! Erika moaned as my tongue swirled around in her pussy. When our daughter is fourteen, you'll get to see Kimberly fuck her, too. Take her cherry for all to see!

I couldn't wait for that day. It would be so magical to take my little girl's virginity. And she would reach the age of fourteen so fast. Just a week or two, then she would be ripe and ready for me to pluck. She would develop that fast.

So I feasted upon my girlfriend's pussy. I devoured her pregnant snatch, wanting to just make her explode. To make her cum and cum and cum.

Kimberly! gasped my girlfriend, quivering on the verge of her climax. She shuddered, her shaved twat rubbing on my lips.

Cum! I moaned and suckled on her clit.

She bucked.

Erika's big boobs smack together. I loved the sight of them quivering, her dark-red flesh rippling back and forth.

Yes, yes, that's it! she moaned.

Make her come, Kimberly! cried one of the watching women.

I'd love to be in her place! another groaned.

Right? asked a third. Kimberly must be the best pussy eater in the world.

The best! my girlfriend groaned.

I loved the flavor of her tangy pussy as I licked and lapped at her shaved twat. I stroked around her folds then nibbled on her clit again. Her pearl felt so wonderful between my lips. She grabbed her boobs, kneading them as she trembled closer towards her orgasm. Her belly quivered over my head.

I bred her.

I suckled hard.

That's it! Erika gasped.

My tongue danced across Erika's clit. Her pregnant belly quivered over me as she threw back her head. Her milk-heavy tits heaved as she cried out in ecstasy. Her moans echoed down the street, bringing applause from the woman who had started watching. In that wonderful moment, her tangy pussy juices flooded my mouth.

My girlfriend came.

I licked and lapped at her twat, gathering up the flood of juices that poured out of her pregnant snatch. I slid my hands over her round belly as I drank her cream. I reveled in the pleasure, My cunt on fire. I was so eager for the relaxing massage with her.

And for our daughter to be born.

My tongue licked and lapped at her pussy folds. I gathered up the cream spilling out of her. Her moans echoing around us as she quivered through her ecstasy. I so loved making Erika cum. It was such a delight to give her such bliss. I was so glad I had her.

Kimberly! she moaned.

She shuddered through her pleasure, her moans joining with the claps. I drank in the attention as I licked at her pussy. She gasped, her orgasm hitting that wonderful peak. I took one last lap at her twat before I rose. My heavy breasts dragged over her pregnant belly as I came to look face-to-face with her.

Ready to be massaged? I asked, arching my eyebrows.

I'm ready to do anything with you, Kimberly, she moaned and leaned forward. Her round belly pressed into my stomach as she cupped my face and kissed my lips stained with her pussy juices.

I was so glad to have her.

To be continued...
