Sherry's Streak
by davy1991

Sherry is forced to run home naked but takes a short break.

Sherry and her friends had always loved summer, it meant the end of school and freedom from any form of responsibilities. Their favourite thing to do was go swimming at her aunt's remote house a few miles out of town. Having all graduated high school that year and turning 18, college would be the next great adventure.

After stripping down to their bikinis, the girls wasted no time diving into the water to cool off. Laying down to sunbathe, the warm weather paired with the peaceful setting was blissful and she was soon lulled into dreamland.

Seeing their friend passed out was far too good an opportunity for the other girls to miss. They quickly and quietly went to work cutting her bikini off and driving away with all of her clothes. Before long Sherry woke up and stretched, yawning while she ran her hands lazily over her body. It took a few moments but when she felt a distinct lack of fabric around her ample breasts and smooth crotch she opened her eyes and looked down. Greeted with the sight of nothing but her nude body Sherry jolted upright and let out a small scream, moving both hands to cover between her legs.

Raising her head up and frantically glancing around, she could see no trace of either her clothes or her friends.The panic quickly overtook her mind and consumed her. Having no idea how long she'd been asleep it was impossible to know when her aunt would be back from work. Simply waiting for her to return and unlock the house to give her some clothes was not an option, Sherry's parents would find out about this for certain. The only chance she had was to run home and pray she got there before her parents did.

Reluctantly, the frightened girl surrendered the protection of the hidden backyard and ventured out into the countryside to make her long journey home. Following the road wasn't an option either as there were no hedges or ditches to hide in if someone came. She would be caught for sure and with it being such a small area the chances of the driver knowing exactly who she was were practically guaranteed. Under the circumstances she was left with no choice to streak through mile after mile of open fields. Running for her life like terrified prey, Sherry had never felt more vulnerable there was not one single solitary tree, bush or even a fence anywhere she looked...

She was fairly certain she was running in the general direction of her house but had no way of gauging exactly where she was. Constantly glancing all about her, Sherry was scared to death that someone would see her out here, completely naked and all alone. There wasn't a soul in sight but her endless looking around made her lose track of which way she was going, causing her to get turned around. Stopping in her tracks, Sherry took a minute to think and try to get her bearings before continuing on, albeit in an entirely different direction from the previous one.

Unknown to her, Sherry spent the whole day running around in circles, this whole place all looked the same. It wasn't all unpleasant however. Being alone without seeing anyone for so long put her slightly more at ease, still somewhat running, she even stopped covering her breasts and crotch, opting to simply allow her arms to swing at her sides. She knew it would help her move faster but she also found that there was something undeniably freeing about just fully letting go and allowing herself to embrace the fact that she was completely naked and completely lost.

Although she'd been scared out of her wits when she first started slinking through these fields, Sherry gradually became more accepting of her situation. As she ran she began to relish the hot sun warmly kissing her soft skin, tempered by the gentle summer breeze that flowed over every corner of her unencumbered body, it was invigorating. The soft grass tickled her bare feet with each step and she even allowed herself to actually giggle out loud. She was all alone here and refused to hold in or suppress any of her feelings any longer, it was liberating.

The tickling of her feet didn't let Sherry run much further before she paused in place for a moment. Closing her eyes she unconsciously raised her arms into the air and stretched, wanting to expose as much of herself to the elements as humanly possible. With a glowing smile she sat down.

Feeling the grass cushioning her bare ass and then her entire back, she lay down right where she was and looked up at the sky. She could be anywhere in the world right now but she was here, none of the world's problems or judgements could touch her. Despite the sun going down and it being late it the evening it was still warm and bright. Laying in the soft grass, Sherry closed her eyes again and enjoyed the sun on her young (bare) body.

In a state of pure bliss, she rubbed her hands gently over herself like when she first woke up. This time however she wasn't afraid, this time she wasn't shocked at feeling nothing on her nether regions or around her generous chest. In fact she thought that she might actually prefer it. Her hands lingered around her breasts and crotch as the sensual rubbing slowly became more frequent and grew in intensity.

She wouldn't keep in her emotions and let herself feel whatever she want. She was allowed to have this she thought. NO, she deserved to have this. Without a second thought, Sherry curled her toes into the soft ground and her mouth opened slightly. The hand rubbing between her tender thighs found it's way inside her, her heart began beating faster as her breathing grew more rapid. Something was slowly building inside of her and she would draw it out. It was fortunate Sherry was naked. Her nipples, now hard as diamonds, could've pierced right through any material that tried to hold them.

Squeezing her sensitive breasts, she furiously rubbed her pussy like she was trying to start a fire. The fire however was already raging and completely beyond control. Her slender legs curled up as her knees bent and she dug her heels into the ground, tempting the beast within her. It didn't take long before the it answered her and pounced, it seized every muscle of Sherry's body and refused to let her go, her entire being shook violently and a primal, almost animal series of growls, screams and moans escaped her lips.

Even if she wanted to be quiet she couldn't. Someone, something... had taken over her voice and spoke for her. Sherry was completely powerless and under its control for what seemed liked and eternity as she climaxed again and again. She had no idea how many times she'd orgasamed and was shaking like a leaf as the aftershocks ran through her.

The afterglow however was pure heaven, every cell of her body that was stretched to its limit moments before was now melting into a delicious numbness that enveloped her. The young girl sighed long and contentedly, as if a days running wasn't plenty, what she'd just experienced left her completely exhausted.

With any thought of her friends or getting home completely non existent for the immediate future, Sherry shut her eyes for the last time that day and allowed herself to be led into dreamland once more. Nothing else mattered in that moment and she slept right there stark naked in the soft grass, just the way nature had made her...

What happens when she wakes up?...
