I had never been in that bar before. It was in a part of town where nice girls like me usually don't go. It surprised me that my friend had told me it was the right place for me to understand her.
"Come tonight Paula," she said. "You'll finally get the answers to what you've been wondering about me."
My 22 years and a few failed relationships behind me made me feel that I needed a spin in my love life. My friend had promised me a revelation that would blow me away. And there I was, a little anxious to get in, not knowing what I would find inside.
For some reason I had dressed in black on that evening. It felt appropriate, given that I was in a darker part of the town, or maybe I needed to show a darker part of myself. Tight leather skirt, a tight top slightly over my belly button, hair on a ponytail. I was wearing some make up: black eyeliner, and dark lipstick. I needed that. I needed to feel I looked daring enough in order to have the courage to go in. A deep breath and I crossed the doorway.
It was surprisingly "normal" inside. A first glance didn't reveal anything out of the ordinary. There was a long counter on the right side, with a neon light running all the way over it, keeping the area dimly illuminated. Several people were by the counter, talking casually. I walked, slowly, trying not to look like a rookie, but paying attention to the details. The area on my left was filled by comfortable couches around each table. Several groups were sitting there. I looked, searching for my friend, as I felt many pairs of eyes on me.
"Who's this one?" I imagined them asking. "Fresh meat to be savored..." they were probably thinking.
I couldn't read their thoughts, but I was sure that they were undressing me with their eyes. Realizing all that desire focused on me made me feel confident. Like when we're trying out a new dress that fits marvelously and even our way of walking changes, as if we floated. That's how I suddenly felt, trying out not a new dress, but a new self.
By the end of the room there was a passage to a larger hall. I entered it, almost bumping into some muscled guy who obviously made sure he'd get a good rub on my breasts. I thought "why not?" and let him do it. He smiled and walked on, ignoring me. Yes, I was feeling daring, I was feeling in control.
This new room was even darker than the previous one. The walls were covered in some purple velvet-like cloth. Very shiny, yet very mysterious. There was a sort of stage on the opposite side. And more tables scattered around, each surrounded by small couches. The room was very crowded, but there was a cozy feeling to it, and I could start to see how different this place was from those where I used to hang out.
It was not only in the way people dressed, though provokingly that was. It was not only their behavior, though sexy it was. There was a kind of sexual aura. As if each and every ensemble was engaged in some deep flirting. A closer look showed me that this flirting happened regardless of gender. I'd seen a gay couple fondling each other's faces. I'd seen two women kissing. I'd seen several straight couples initiating very intimate contact. I was lost in these arousing thoughts when...
"Paula baby, over here." my friend was calling me from one of the tables on my left.
I smiled and approached. I almost said, "Hi Su..." when she interrupted me with her hand on my lips.
"Not my real name dear. Here I'm simply Mistress Sadie."
I smiled and added teasingly, "Yes Mistress Sadie."
She looked at me with a look I had never seen in her eyes before. As if she was studying me from head to foot. Coldly, her eyes wandered through my body in such a way that a chill trespassed me all over.
"Mmmmm, I think I like the way that sounds coming from your mouth, Paula." by the end of her line I was paralyzed.
"Well Paula, come and meet the gang," she said, breaking the spell. "This is Mark over here," she pointed to a tall blonde guy, "This is Juliet, Mark's new girlfriend," she indicated the small brunette leaning to him.
With a small move she pointed the woman on her right who had been piercing me with her eyes all the time.
"And that's Anna. Be careful with her, she's a horny lesbian, who leaves this bar with someone new each night. I think she has her eyes set on you."
I smiled at her while everyone laughed. She simply winked at me, and I felt another chill, this time crawling down my spine. By now I knew this night would be memorable.
As I took my place on the empty couch I asked pointing at a girl, younger than the rest of us, surely only 19 or 20 years old, who kept herself kneeling on the floor, apparently not interested on the conversations the others were having.
"And who's that on the floor?"
"Oh, she has no name," Mistress Sadie said. "She's just my worthless my slave. She answers only to me, anyway. But we've been calling her Fluffy, because I was just telling everyone how fluffy her little bush is."
My face must have shown my astonishment, because they all looked at me amused. I understood some kind of game was going on, and I couldn't figure out what it really was. Was this girl really the aim of those private remarks, was the intimacy of her body being used as a humiliating subject of conversation?
I sat down, asked for a drink, and tried to fit in their conversations. Unsurprisingly they revolved around sexual issues. One by one I started to know them all a bit better.
Mark and Juliet told me about their open relationship and how sometimes they left this bar each one with a different person. They told me about them through passionate kisses, like two adolescents in love. I could feel there's no jealousy there. Just the joy of sharing.
Anna was more difficult to face. She was definitely flirting with me, and every reason was good for her to rub a hand on my leg, or touch my hair. The way she looked me each time there was a brief silence at the table was an explicit "I want you!" that always resulted in a racing of my heartbeat.
Mistress Sadie seemed to be in control, and everyone seemed to appreciate her a lot. From my years of working by her side I knew she had a magnetic personality, and enjoyed to lead our group of friends. But this was different, it was as if she was in control of us all. Her tone inflexions made us stop talking or simply smile to her to try to please her. Seeing that revered respect at the table contaminated me, and made me look at her almost in a worshipping way.
But my main focus, even if I tried to look discretely, was the young girl on the floor. This slave was of a bullet proof dedication. Her eyes were glued on her mistress. She didn't look at us a single time. She was snuggled by her feet, and to my amazement, she sometimes licked her legs. My friend seemed to ignore her most of the time, or she would fondle her head, the same way you pet a dog. The girl was not unlike a lost puppy in every sense. Looking at her mistress with needy but patient eyes. Staying near her legs the whole time. Just waiting for any droplet of attention thrown like a bone by her mistress.
I must have been caught staring, because my thoughts were cut short by my friend's voice,
"Wonderful, isn't it, Paula?"
I looked at her puzzled.
"Wonderful how some people can find purpose in serving other's most dark pleasures, don't you think?"
I was still puzzled and asked what she meant.
"Just watch!" she winked at me.
My friend opened her legs, and even I, on the opposite side of the table, could understand she was not wearing panties under her skirt. She leaned down, and picked something up from the floor. Everybody at the table stopped talking, and joined me looking at my friend. What she had just grabbed was a leash that was hanging from the slave's neck. She gave it a little pull, and the slave left her snuggling position, standing on her knees.
"Kiss me whore!" were my friend's strict words.
It felt weird to hear those words in such a dry tone, letting out a bit of cruelty. The young girl slowly moved her head between the open legs offered to her, and by the pleased look on my friend's face, I understood she was being licked. I couldn't avoid a wet feeling down my crotch.
My friend lifted her legs, passing each one over each of the slave's shoulders. Fluffy, the slave girl, pressed her body forward, and I could almost hear her sucking and slurping noises.
"See Paula, how convenient it is to have a slave serving me every time I need!" my friend said to me with a smile.
I was probably blushing, which couldn't be seen at that dim light. I felt so hot. I tried to disguise it and looked at my table companions. Juliet was stroking Mark's cock, as they sensually gazed at each other's eyes. As for Anna, I caught her licking her fingers and I could guess what she was tasting.
A quick look around me showed me our table was no different from the others. Most people were engaged in foreplay activities, though keeping some level of discretion.
My eyes turned back to Fluffy. I couldn't help wondering how it would feel to be treated as an object. How would it be to give up one's will and totally obey? How would it feel to be held by a leash, to spend all the time waiting for an order of sexual nature, and to serve blindly? Is there really purpose in serving so completely? Could I even understand it?
My friend was surely enjoying it. Her body arched back, legs squirming over the slave's shoulders. She was so sexy with her eyes closed and that long smile on her face. I could tell she was on the verge of a climax. Seeing such control made me feel fascinated by this woman I wrongly thought I knew. Hers was the power of a storm controlled with a velvet glove. I admired her and almost felt like joining in. I was leaning forward as much as I could. Not even Anna's hand between my legs could take me away from that scene.
I sensed when Mistress Sadie orgasmed. I loved to see the spasm in her body. I adored her soft moaning. And I felt even more excited when she brutally pushed away her slave with a foot.
"Enough, you filthy whore!"
The slave was almost thrown to the floor, which, by then, seemed pretty natural to me. After all she was but an object. Like one of my vibrators, thrown away after fulfilling their task inside me.
The girl lay on her mistress' feet again. With her eyes closed, she cleaned her own face with the back of her hand, and licked it. Just like a cat would.
I was dripping wet by now, wishing I was the one tasting that wet hand. I needed it so much. Anna's hand between my legs was not helping me to compose myself.
"Mmmmmm Paula!" said my friend, watching me with a wicked smile. "Do you understand now?"
I nodded silently. I was still hypnotized. I had never seen anything like that. Seeing how the slave had been used publicly was a delicious surprise to me.
"Did my useless whore like to make her mistress cum?" she asked her slave.
"Yes mistress." were the girl's first words the whole evening.
"And did my slave get wet too?"
"Yes mistress." the girl repeated.
"What a dirty road whore you are!" my friend said slapping the girl's face.
"You weren't supposed to get wet, you cheap tart. Now get up, get some tissues, and clean yourself up in a way that everyone can see the filthy whore you are!"
I was speechless. I gulped as the slave got up, dropped her high school skirt around her ankles and, squatting, she started cleaning her exposed pussy with paper tissues taken from the table, regardless of the fact that everyone around her was seeing what she was doing.
I was so horny I kept humping Anna's hand without noticing. I had never seen anything so humiliating, yet so sexy. That girl was a perfect toy in my friend's hands. She'd do anything without questioning.
I realized there must nothing as extremely sexual as being treated purely as a sex object. I realized I wanted to know how I would feel as a sexual toy. I imagined myself publicly dominated, humiliated, fingered, spanked, fucked, ordered, used, insulted... and... mmmmmmmmm I came right there on Anna's fingers.
I must have been loud, as they all stopped their doings, staring at me.
"What do we have here?" my friend asked, as I tried to catch my breath.
"Paula, I knew you had the slut in you, baby, I always felt it. You loved this experience didn't you?"
Anna was feeding me her wet fingers, letting me taste my own private taste. Weirdly I didn't feel ashamed. I enjoyed licking a stranger's fingers in front to everyone. Those fingers that had just been inside me.
"Yes mistress Sadie." was all I could answer, in that trance I was still living.
There was a sudden silence. Everybody guessed the intention in my words. Mistress Sadie pushed her slave away, and signaled me to approach. I did it. Not bothered that I was in a public place I kneeled at her feet. She grabbed my hair, and painfully, she forced me to touch her feet with my face. A hand, I don't know whom it belonged to, probed between my legs.
"You have it in you Paula! Your cunt is dripping, your face is burning. Your body is begging to be used. I think we just got ourselves a new slave in training."
I hadn't known until then, but these were the words I had been dreaming of. When Mistress Sadie pulled me up by my hair, and rested my face on her still wet pussy, I knew I was where I belonged. Smelling her moisture for the first time, and watching by the corner of my eye how Fluffy was being pushed aside, I knew that from then on I'd be the one sitting by Mistress Sadie's legs the whole time, serving her in any way she needed.
The submissive slut in me was crying to come alive. And I knew there was no turning back.