Bobs Story 11 

By JSR


The author in no way believes that any man, woman, or child should be violated or abused. This story is written as adult entertainment, and should be read by only those over 18 years old. 

This story may contain some or all of the following: Nudity, Voyeurism, Exhibitionism, MF, Mf, Fm, inc. Rape, Oral. Group sex, bg, bbg, BBg, Gbb, MMF, Mff, MFF. 



The SAP program was going great in the Red Line School System, then Bob got a call from Pat in Cleartown. She needed to see him ASAP. Since she sounded a little frantic, PC went with him to see her. In her office, she was setting on a chair beside the desk. Her 7 months pregnant belly was keeping her from being able to set at the desk properly. When Bob and PC walked in, she was almost in tears.

She looked up and said, Thank God you are here. Yesterday morning, my baby doctor told me I would not be aloud to work any more, until after the baby was 6 weeks old. I dont know what to do.

PC asked her, Have you let anyone see just how the programs is scheduled to progress?

Only my parents, She replied. I felt that since Bob knew them, and got along with them that it would be ok.

All right, other than that, how is everything? It has been a while since I read your last report, said PC.

It has been going very well. Almost no complaints from students or parents. A couple of teachers quit, because of it, but they were replaced almost at once. Dad called in a couple of retired teachers that wanted to be useful again. Both are working out very well. However since the Dr. told me I had to quit work for 5 to 8 months, who can take my place? cried Pat.

Bob said, Let me think about it for a few minutes. You two talk, and I am going to take a short walk, so I can think without distractions.

Once outside the office, Bob searched for a specific mind. When he found it, he carefully did some prying into that persons ideals, and checked for anything that might interfere with his idea. Once he had confirmed his idea, he sent a mental command for that person to come to Pats office within the next half an hour, and to be nude when entering the office. He then went back to the office, and said, Your temporary replacement will be here in about 20 minutes. And NO I am not going to tell you who it is. It will surprise you, when he/she gets here.

PC looked at Bob with a question in her face, and he just shook his head no. Half an hour later, Caroline entered Pats office, as nude as the rest of them. Bob, looked at her and said, Caroline, glad you could make it. I suppose you know what Pats problem is, and I have picked you to be her temporary replacement, with her giving the directions that are needed. That should make her Dr. much happier. I would have had Joe do it, but he cannot be Principal, and run this program at the same time.

Caroline said, I am honored that you remembered me. Pat and I will make a good team. Do I get a bracelet?

PC said, Caroline, I am Angora (PC) Benson. Which would you prefer, an Adult sponsor, or a Workers bracelet?

Caroline answered, I am glad to meet you PC, I have heard a lot about you. What is the difference in the two bracelets?

PC replied, The Adult sponsor, is a helper, and strong supporter of the program. It can be taken off if you quit the program, when Pat is ready to resume work. The worker one, means that it cannot be taken off, and you will go to your grave nude.

By all means, give me the Worker one, said Caroline. I will want my grandchild to know that I support her/him as I have supported Pat.

On the drive back, PC said, I seen how you used this mind power to get Caroline to come and help out. It is going to be very useful when I learn more about how to use it. Does it take a lot of practice?

Bob replied, Not a lot, but mostly you must formulate what you want to happen, before you make any adjustments or suggestions to the individual. Since I knew Caroline, it was easy, as she would do anything for Pat, Joe, or me for that matter. To start, you should probably try changing the behavior of Amos or Andy. Just small changes so you can learn how they affect the person you are working with. Also, you should not make changes that cannot be reversed, if it does not work out the way you want it to.

That evening, Bob was having supper with PC and family. The phone rang, and Sarge picked it up. She looked at PC and said, It sounds like a computer voice, and wants to speak to SAP1.

PC said, I will take it in my room. Hang up when you hear me pick up my phone, please.

A minute or two later, Nancy put the phone back on the hook. She said, I guess it was for Mom. I know the program at school is called SAP, but why would someone want to be called SAP1?

Bob said, Nancy, it is a code name for you mom. It makes it harder for someone who is not in the program to know who she is. My guess it is SAP4 calling with some information/instructions for your mom and/or me.

A few minutes later, PC came back to the table. She simply said, Later, I will need to talk to you, Bob, before you leave to go home.

Bob said, After we are done eating. I want to stop by and see Sarah Jane, before I go home tonight.

PC asked, Is she pregnant yet? Or are you loosing your touch? Bob answered, Since last week, she is. She will be 6 months along for graduation.

Nancy said, Bob, I want to be 8 months along for my graduation next year, and if you can time it right, I want to deliver a couple of days after graduation.

Bob laughed, and said, You dont want much, do you. Maybe you can specify the exact hour that you will deliver, and put me into a real bind trying to satisfy you.

Nancy said, If I thought it was possible, I would specify the exact minute, but we both know I cannot do that. Just do your best, which I know is very good.

Bob then said, PC lets go to your room for that talk. Nancy, DO NOT try to listen in on this conversation. If you need to know anything about it, your mom or I will tell you.

Once in her room, PC pulled Bob to her and kissed him. He asked her why she did, and she said, It is to congratulate you. You are now my boss, instead of me being your boss. This will take place when you go to see SAP4, as soon as the arrangements can be made, which will take a while.

Bob asked her, Why are you being demoted, and why would it take a while to make transportation ready?

PC said, I am not being demoted. You are being promoted above me, and I am glad that you are. It will be easier on me not to do the traveling. I would assume that we will still be a team, like we are now. As to the travel taking time to arrange, it gets very complicated. It is like we are spies, and making it look like we are going somewhere, but are really going somewhere else. Does that make sense?

It makes some sense, but not much, Bob answered.

PC said, When you leave here, you will check into the airline under your own name. They will give you an envelope, which you will not open until you are on the plane. In it, will be another ticket maybe air or maybe train, or bus. There will also be a new ID which you will use to check in for the next leg. You may do this several times before you reach your final destination. The return trip will be handled the same way. I do not know the final destination. It changes each time. At the final city, you will get a package telling you where to go for your hotel, and there you will get another one with just a name. That person will call you at the hotel and tell you what to do from there on.

Bob said, Sure does sound like a spy running around. Is it really necessary?

She answered, I guess it is. If this program fails, it is you and I that will have to take all the blame. They are trying to keep it out of the political arena, so we are expendable, but if it does not fail, we will get only part of the praise. I believe it was set up this way due to political pressure.

Bob asked, Do you know who it is that you have been talking to? Is it someone I would know? And why havent you said before, who it is?

She answered, Yes, I recognized the first person I saw, but I was warned several times to never reveal that persons name or position. The next person I saw, I have never seen or heard of, and is only known to me as SAP2. It is my understanding that you will be seeing some one higher yet, but I have no idea who it will be. Once the arrangements have been made, I will be contacted with the information for your first leg of the trip. From then on, it will be as I indicated before. My guess is that it will be about 2 months before graduation before you will be traveling, but that is only a guess.

Bob said, I guess only time will tell. I need to be going now. I dont want it to be to late when I get to Sarah Janes house. I havent seen her for a couple of days now, so I am sure that she is wondering why I havent.

PC said, Surly she keeps track of you. NO, Bob said, We never use our power to spy on each other, and you should not use yours to spy on Nancy, Me, or SJ or BS. 

When Bob pulled up into Sarah Janes driveway, there was a strange vehicle there. He wondered who it belonged to, as he had never seen it before.

He entered the house and went to the living room. There was SJ, BS, E, George, and another lady that Bob did not know. Sarah Jane got up and rushed over to him and kissed him. I missed you, she said.

George got up and went over to Bob and shook his hand, and said, Bob, Congratulations, of becoming engaged to Sarah Jane. I could not ask for a better son in law. Now I want you to meet my mistress. This lady is Kim Clark. Since you are not only engaged to my daughter, but my wife is also you mistress, we decided that she should join the family. So now you have 4 ladies in this house to fuck. And YES I have told her about you and that you are allowed to fuck any lady in the house.

Bob went over to Kim and kissed her on the mouth and said, Welcome to this screwed up family, which I turned into a house of pleasure for George and myself.

Kim said, George has told me all about you, and E, SJ and BS have all told me how good you make them feel. I can hardly wait until I get a chance to see that for myself, assuming that you want to.

Kim was a natural blond, about 54 tall. She appeared to be about 30, and had tits that were almost perfect cones, with no sag. Her nipples were about  of an inch wide and 1 in long. She shaved her pussy hair into an exclamation point. Her skin was almost pure white, indicating that she was not out side a lot.

E said, Kim has worked as my nurse since she graduated from nursing school, and I think of her more like a sister than any thing else, so who better for George to be fucking, than my sister. Kind of like you, with Bobby Sue.

Bob said, I am always happy to have another lovely woman to fuck. Kim you will find that I could sleep with a different woman every night of the month, and not have anyone of them more than once in that month. However, Sarah Jane is the exception. I love her dearly, and she will always come first. E, Bobby Sue, PC, Nancy are all next in line. I guess I will have to add you to the list. By the way I love the way your tits stick out in a cone shape. It is very sexy.

Sarah Jane hit Bob on the shoulder, and said, and mine are not? Bob answered, Yours are very sexy and contain the milk I love to partake of. She smiled and said, You always know just what to say to make me happy.

Bob said, I just stopped by to fill you in on what is happening. PC and I had to go to Cleartown. Pat had a mini crisis. We got it taken care of. When we got back PC received a phone call from SAP HQ. It seems that I have been promoted above PC, and she now reports to me. I will be having to do some traveling shortly. I do not have any particulars at this time, so dont know when and where I am going, nor how long I will be gone. It should be before school is out, and I am hopeful that I will be back for graduation. If not, I would appreciate it if one of you would video tape Sarah Janes portion of the ceremony for me. I want to see her pregnant belly as she gets her diploma.

E said, Dont worry, I will tape the whole ceremony so that you can also see all the other nude girls getting their diplomas, as well.

Bob said, I havent been home much lately, so I need to go see mom, dad, and Tom. With that, he took SJ in his arms and pulled her to him. He sucked each nipple for a second or two, then kissed her passionately. 

By the time he had finished kissing Sarah Jane, George had all of the others lined up for him to kiss and hug. Bobby Sue asked him to suck her nipples a little, which he did. E took his hand and pushed his fingers into her pussy while she kissed him. Kim knelt down and gave him a quick blow job, and said, Come back when you can spend some more time with me. George shook his hand and said, You will love her blow jobs. She is great.

Bob left for home. There, he found that his dad was gone, but mom and his brother/son was taking a bath. He joined them in the bath tub. It was a tight squeeze, but he was able to get in, setting between his moms legs, and his brother now 2 years old was sitting on his cock. While Karen washed his back, he washed the baby, then she washed his chest and stomach. Then Karen and Bob changed positions, and he washed her back, and then her tits and stomach. Once the three of them were clean, Karen said, Tom needs to go to bed, and then we can talk.

Bob took Tom up and put him in bed. He put his arms up, and Bob put his arms around him and hugged him. He, then kissed him good night and turned out the light.

The house was dark except for Karens room, so Bob went there. Karen was laying on top of the bed, and she was still nude. Bob laid down beside her. She reached over and started playing with his cock, and said, Your Dad will not be home tonight. You can sleep with me, and let your wonderful cock fill my pussy with cum. I would like for you to give me another baby.

Bob said, Mom, you know I will do what ever you want. If you want another baby, then we will have one. However I want you to be on top and impale yourself on me. Do what you want, this time I am your whore, and you are the master. Just let me suck your nipples while you fuck me. This may be our last chance for a while. After school is out, PC and I will be moving to another school district, where we will be to far away to drive each day.

Karen gave him a blow job, but would not let him cum. She then got on her knees, and opened her pussy and slid down onto his cock until she had him fully inside of her. Bob reached up and pulled her down so that he could suck her nipples, while she raised her ass up and down to fuck him. Once he had cum in her, she laid on him and kept his cock inside of her until it was shriveled. With her weight on him, it could not come out of her pussy, and she went to sleep with it in her, but flaccid.

Bob laid there and sucked her nipples as she softly snored. He finally put his nose between her tits, and went to sleep also.

When Bob awoke the next morning, his morning hard on was now fully back inside of Karen. He laid still and when she awoke she started fucking him again. He said, There should be more mothers like you. If there were, there would never be any reason for anyone to get raped. He then kissed her, and rolled them over so that he was on top of her. He started pounding her like there was no tomorrow. This time when he was ready to cum, he forced his cock to her cervix opening, and all of the cum went into her womb. Even after his cock went soft, he kept it in her until he was sure she was pregnant. He then slowly came out of her, and said, Mark this date on the calendar, nine months from today. Our baby girl will be born that day.

Karen laughed and said, Ok mister, but if I am not pregnant, I will tell Sarah Jane that you are shooting blanks and she will dump you.

Bob said, Mom, I could be wrong, but so far, I have a 100% record of predicting the date and sex of the babies. Now who are we going to get to take the credit for this one?

Karen said, Take me over to John and Lindas. I will get John to fuck me, and I will let Linda know that she is to let Dad know that John fucked me while he was gone. He will be father of both of our kids, as far as you dad knows. Actually he is over fucking Anita and Molly Kingsley.

Mom, Bob said, I am glad you mentioned Anita. I may have a job for her. However, if I do, and she takes it, she will have to move with SJ and I, and go to a different school next year.

Karen said, What do you mean move? Bob said, PC and I will be transferred to another school district to bring into the SAP program, but it will be to far away for us to drive each day. I will know more sometime around this years graduation, which will not give us much time. If it happens, I will try to delay the starting date until at least after Sarah Jane and I get married.

Why would you need Anita? Karen asked. I will need her talents for finding out peoples secrets, for one thing. Another is that she will be helping us with training the students in her grade. Having someone who has already been in the program, will help the other students progress faster.

If she goes with you, it will make your dad find someone else. You probably dont know it, but he has been fucking Anita and Molly for quite a while now. Molly thinks that he will get her pregnant, and wants Anita to get pregnant also. said Karen.

I can take care of that problem with Anita, I know she would like that, and if Molly doesnt object I can give her one as well. I will have to take some time to explore that possibility. said Bob.

Bob then said, Get Tom ready, and we will go see Linda. Since Dad will be next door, he will probably come over when he sees I am there. That would be a good time for you and John to be fucking. If he does not come over, I will go over there, and just say I saw the car there and wanted to let him know that you are next door. If he goes to see John then he will know that John is the father again. That will give me time to talk to Molly and Anita.

When Bob and Karen got to John and Lindas, Little Karen was with her grandparents for a few days. Linda took Tom and told John that he should be fucking Karen while he had the chance. Bob then whispered to Linda what was going on, and said, I need to talk to Anita, and possibly Molly. I will be next door if I am needed. He then walked over to Mollys house. His dads car was there, so he knocked on the door, and Anita answered. She jumped into his arms, and said, Bob, where have you been? We have missed you. She then kissed his lips and said, Your dad and my mom are in her bedroom, so you and I can do what ever we want to do.

Bob said, Anita, first of all, I understand that your mom wants dad to give both of you babies. Is that right?

Anita said, Well she wants one, but I make him use a condom, but dont tell mom, because she does want me to have one, but I want to wait for you to give me one.

Bob said, When they are through, tell dad that mom and Tom are with Linda and John. I will go out side for a while, as I want to talk to you and your mom without anyone else around, and that includes dad and your brothers. Tell dad that I went for a walk. I will be near the road that goes through the Forrest. Come and get me when you and your mom are alone. If the boys come in, have your mom give them something to do that will take them away from the house for an hour or so.

Anita said, Did you know that they put up a fence around that whole area?

I heard a rumor about that, so I thought I would go look and see for myself. This is a good time to do it. It will keep me out of the way when Dad and your mom come out of the bedroom, said Bob.

Bob walked to where the path lead through the woods, and there was an eight foot high chain link fence on both sides of the road, with a re-enforced chain link gate across the path. The sign on the gate said Private Property No one admitted without prior authorization. Fence is electrified. DO NOT TOUCH

He picked up a small stick, and threw it against the fence, and sure enough, it was electrified. He was turning around, when Anita arrived and took his hand. She said, Your dad went to see Karen, Tom, Linda and John. He said for you to come over there when you are finished with your business.

As they walked, Bob said to Anita, I have a job for you, if you want it, and your mom will allow you to take it. I will explain when we talk to your mom. Now what is this you were saying about wanting to wait for me to give you a baby?

She answered Mom wants me to have a baby and quit school. I dont want to quit school, but I would like YOUR baby inside of me.

Anita, maybe you can answer a question for me. Why is it that a lot of girls want to have my baby, and not someone elses? Bob asked her.

Anita thought for a moment and said, You are nice looking, you talk to girls as though they are people, and not sex objects, you look like the all American poster boy, and you are very sexy, even though I know you do not try to be. That is what I think, some other girls may think differently, but I know this is true about you. All my friends are envious that I even know you, let alone have spent time with you.

By now they had reached Mollys house. Inside, Molly was making lunch. Anita asked where the boys were, and Molly said, They are at the park, and will be all day, why?

Anita said, Bob wants to talk to you and me alone. He said something about a job for me, and he wont say anything about it unless you are here.

Bob said, Molly lets go sit in the living room so we can talk in comfort, and I will tell you both what is on my mind.

Molly handed a plate with several sandwiches on it to Anita, and said OK as she went to the living room. There she seated herself on the couch. Anita offered a sandwich to Bob, and then to Molly, and took one herself.

Bob said, Molly, I think that you know that I am in charge of the SAP program that is going on at the school. First let me ask you, How do you feel about the program, and can you see anything that needs changing?

Molly said, I think it is a good program. I can go to the mailbox outside, and not worry about putting on clothing. I can let people see me nude, which I prefer, without offending them. I am all for that part of the program. The only problem that I have with the program is the possibility of some of the kids getting STDs. That worries me sick.

Molly, did you not read all the literature that was sent home? Each child, the first day of school is given a shot which makes him/her safe from STDs for the whole school year. If that child during the summer break contracts an STD it will show up, and the school nurse will take charge of that child until it is cured.

Molly said, I must have missed that. Then I am whole hardheartedly in favor of the program.

Molly how would you feel if I offered Anita a job within the program. Before you answer, let me say that she would have to move with Sarah Jane and I to another school district, and she would still be a student, but one who teaches other students, and helps them to overcome their inhibitions. She would receive her education free, that is all materials would be supplied for her to use, and she would receive a small salary, so that she would have spending money. She would be living with me and Sarah Jane, PC, Nancy, Bobby Sue, Amos, Andy and possibly a couple of others. You would have to sign a Notarized letter giving me the authority seek medical help if needed, and that I am her guardian. 

 Molly sat and ate her sandwich while thinking. Anita was on pins and needles waiting for her answer. Bob sat and ate his sandwich, and smiled. This time he broke his habit and looked at Mollys thoughts. She was concentrating on two things at once, but all he was interested in was her thoughts about Anita. It was looking good. He would not however tell her to accept the offer, much as he would like to do so.

Anita choked on her sandwich, and Bob immediately went to her and got her throat cleared. Molly seeing his quick action smiled, and when he sat down again, she said, Bob I will do it with one condition.

Bob said, And what Molly is that condition?

Molly said, If you get me pregnant, before school is out, Anita is yours to do with as you wish, for ever. She will be welcome here at any time, but she will belong to you. If you wish her to get pregnant, she will. If you wish for her to marry some one, she will. She will be your personal property.

Molly, do you mean that you would give her to me for giving you a baby, and that she should be my slave?

No, Molly said, Not a slave, a second, or third wife. I know you, and I know that you will never willingly hurt her. I know that you will do what is best for her, and I may never be able to do that. So give me that baby and she is yours.

Anita said, Mom, I thought you wanted his dad to give you a baby? Now you have changed your mind? You know I will do whatever you say, but this is mixed up.

Molly said, Baby, I figured out that Jim can never give me a baby. Bob correct me if I am wrong, but I think that he is sterile.

Bob said, Yes Molly, Dad is sterile, and has been for many years. If you want a baby that badly, I will give you one with no strings attached.

Yes I want another baby, but I will not let you give me one, unless you take Anita as your daughter/wife/sister or what ever, but you must take her. I want her to be happy, and I know that you will make her happy.

Bob looked at Anita and said, Anita, is that acceptable to you? I do not want to break up this family, but sometimes exceptions need to be made, however in this case it is up to you. If you want the job, and can accept what you mom outlined, then I will get her pregnant. If not, I will not try. It is your decision. Only you can say yes or no at this point.

Anita thought for a few minutes. She then got up and went to the center of the room and motioned for both Bob and Molly to come to her. She then took Mollys hand and put it into Bobs and said, Bob, please give my mom a baby so I can go with you. I will do as mom said, and I will be your slave/mistress/second wife, or anything you want me to be. Sarah Jane will be my boss as well. And I will love being able to teach the other kids some of the things I have learned from you.

Molly then led Bob into her bedroom. An hour later they came out, and Bob said, Molly, in two weeks take a pregnancy test. I think it will be + then let me know, if it is not then we will work on it some more, until it is. When it is + then I will start teaching Anita what she will have to know for her new job.

Anita ran to Bob and kissed him. She then took hold of his flaccid cock and said, Big boy, I hope you have not let me down.

Bob said, Now I must go back to see mom and dad. I also want to see little Karen. I havent seen her in quite a while. Keep in touch.

Molly said, Dont worry, I will let you know how things are going. I might even lie to you and say it did not work, so I can have that nice baby maker inside of me again. No I did not really mean that. That would hurt Anita if I lied and I wont do that to her, or you.

Bob knew that she was pregnant with twins, but he would not tell her. He left and went next door to see how Karen was making out with John. When he entered the house, Karen and John were at the table and drinking coffee. Mom just nodded her head yes, so he knew that dad new that John had fucked her. He asked where Dad and Linda were, and John said, He is fucking her brains out. Since you dont come around much any more, she has to take what she can get. I dont seem to be able to satisfy her any more, but your mom does not complain, so maybe it is not me but her.

Mom smiled and said, I am easy to please. I just need a cock in me now and then. However, you need to start being more aggressive and possessive with her. Now and then chain her to the bed. Make her beg for your cock, and then give it to her in a different hole than she is expecting. Leave her tied up all day when you leave for work, and tell Karen not to let her loose. Believe me she will love it. Change your love making every time so that she does not get bored.

John said, I know she likes that now and then, so maybe I am at fault for not giving into her fantasies now and then.

Bob said, Have you ever looked at the toys that she has? She has one dildo that is double ended, and about 18 inches long. It is flexible in the center. Tie her up and then put one end into her pussy and the other into her ass, and make her stay that way all day. At the same time put close pins on her nipples, and take a fresh battery and put it into her vibrator, then tape it in place so that it is in good contact with her clit. After a day like that, she will be so worn out from all the orgasms that she will love your cock inside of her, and when you cum in her she will cum so hard she will pass out. Be inventive never fuck her the same way twice in a row.

A few minutes later, Jim and Linda came down from the bedroom. Linda said, Bob, did you fuck Molly a little wile ago? I heard her screaming, wanting more, and harder.

Bob said, Now Linda, you know I never fuck and tell. So just use your imagination. I was hoping to see Little Karen today. I havent seen her in quite a while, tell her I asked about her. Mom, are you ready to go? And where is Tom? 

Linda said, Tom is sleeping in Karens room, I will go get him.

Back at their home, Bob told Jim about having to move for his job. Jim said, Then I guess that Tom will get your room then. That will give mom and I a little more privacy, but how are you going to get by without mom to keep your room clean? 

Bob said, Dont forget that Sarah Jane, PC, Nancy, Bobby Sue, and Anita will be with me, so I guess things will be clean enough.

Jim looked shocked, and said, Anita? Why is she going with you? Is Molly going as well?

Bob said, No Molly is not going. I have offered Anita a job, and she will be working while attending school. Molly and I have come to an agreement so that she will be able to be with us, and help with some of the teaching.

Jim said, You have always been closer to Karen, why didnt you ask her?

Bob replied, I would have, but she was not home. Also she has a better home life than Anita. I dont think that John and Linda would let her go.

Karen said, As you know, not everything is as it seams. Why do you think that Little Karen spends so much time with her grandparents? You might want to ask, just to see what would happen, that is if you can use her to help teach.

I will give that some more thought, said Bob.

The phone rang. Bob being closest to it answered it. It was Nancy. She said, Bob, get here as soon as you can we need you fast. then she hung up.

Bob said, Something is wrong, that was Nancy. She said they needed me as soon as possible. I am not sure what is going on, but Nancy would not have called like that unless there is a major problem. I will let you know as soon as I can.

Bob was usually a very careful driver, but he raced to PCs house. He parked in front of the house and ran to the door. Amos opened the door and said Moms room quick.

In PCs room, Andy was sitting crying, and Nancy was trying to help PC get up. Bob took one look at the scene and called 911. He told them that there was a pregnant lady who looked like she was going to give birth any second, and he needed help immediately.

He told PC to lay back down and that the medics would be here shortly. He then told Nancy to call George and alert him that PC was going to have a baby very quickly.

Five minutes later, the ambulance got there, and George was there before they got PC into it. He jumped into the ambulance and rode with her to the hospital.

Bob took Nancy, Amos and Andy to the hospital. 

An hour later, George came out and took them to his office. He closed the door, and said, The good news is that PC will be all right, and she gave birth to 5 girls. The bad news is that two of the babies died, and PC will never be able to have any more children. I would not normally tell this to the children of the patient, but I know all of you and want you to know the truth. Bob, I know what you think of PC and the kids, and I am sure that you are the father of the babies. NO she did not tell me, but I know you. DO not blame yourself. There is nothing you could have done to stop this from happening. She loves all of you very much, and Bob she said not for you to blame yourself. She will recover in a few weeks, and be her old self again. She wants Nancy, Amos and Andy to each name one of the girls, and Bob she wants you to take care of the family while she is laid up. She needs to sleep now, so please go home and get some rest. Bob you can see her in the morning. The rest of you can see her after school tomorrow afternoon.

On the way home, the kids were trying out names for the baby girls, asking Bob what he thought of the names they came up with. Nancy asked, Bob would you object if we gave the girls your last name, since you are the father, and are like a father to us?

Bob thought for a while, and said, On two conditions. First they must all have the middle name of Angora, to honor their mother. Second they all must have their initials identical.

But why all the same initials? asked Andy. Andy, it is just something that I want, I cannot explain why, because I do not know why. I just want it that way.

Nancy said, Then there initials would be ?AC. Now all we have to do is find the first one. Bob then said, One that your Marine might have liked, would be SAC, for Second Armored Cavalry. Think you can come up with three girls names that start with S?

Amos said, Well, there is Sarah, Shirley, Susan, Sandy, Sharon, Selma, Shasta, just to start with.

Bob said, Nice group of names, but Sarah is out. One Sarah in the family is enough. Nancy said, I will pick the name Sandy Angora Cooky.

Andy said, Then I will pick the name Susan Angora Cooky. Amos then said, I guess I will pick Shasta, Angora Cooky. Now are we going to let mom say which one gets which name? Or do we have to tell her which one we want to be named what?

Bob said, Let mom decide, using the three names you have picked out. That way all of us will have had a hand in deciding the names of our three newest family members. When I see her in the morning, I will give her the names.

Back at PCs home, Bob called his parents and told them what had happened, and that he would be staying with the kids until PC was home. He then wrote out a note, that said, Principal Macklin: I will be replacing Angora Benson at the meeting at 11:00 this morning. I will explain why, when I see you. He signed it, Bob Cooky. He then put it in an envelope and gave it to Nancy to give to the Principal when she got to school in the morning.

Bob dropped the kids off at school, and headed for the hospital. It was a little early, but he went straight to her room. As he was walking down the hall, Kim Clark spoke to him. She said, Bob, you are here early, but since you know George, I guess I will let you go in. She then leaned over and gave him a kiss, and said, I am very sorry about what happened. It is just one of those things, that no one can explain why.

PC was awake when he entered the room. He went to the bed and kissed her and asked how she was feeling. She said, Empty right now, I just got through feeding the girls, and they sucked my nipples dry.

He said, Hungry little devils. Nothing left for me? I have the names that the kids want the girls named. It is up to you as to which girl gets which name, but here they are: Nancys name is Sandy Angora Cooky. Andy said, Susan Angora Cooky, and Amos choose Shasta Angora Cooky

PC said, I am surprised at a last name of Cooky, and not Benson, but it is appropriate. It means that you are taking responsibility for them, and I love you for doing so. I am not sure about the Angora middle name for all three of them.

Bob said, Since I am taking responsibility for them, so should you. I also requested that they all have the same initials. See if you can guess what that stands for.

PC thought for a while and said, I do not have a clue. What does it mean?

Bob answered, Think of your Marine, it might come to you. Again PC could not solve the riddle, so Bob said, Wasnt he in the Second Armored Calvary?

She started crying, and said through her sobbing, You, you are so thoughtful, it is no wonder all of us girls are in love with you. Even though I know that Sarah Jane is your one true love, I feel as though you are also my husband. Our little band of people is almost like the Free Love groups of the 1960s and 70s.

Bob said, While I have a chance to talk to you with no one around, We have added one more person to our staff. I think you have heard me talk about Anita? I talked to her mom, and she is getting a notarized letter, giving me full parental right with her, so she will be going with us when we move. There is also an outside chance that my friends daughter (Little Karen) will also be going with us, but I havent yet been able to talk to her about it. With these two already in the program, they will be able to help teach the other kids about it, and teach them what they need to learn. I think we can bring them up to speed quicker this way. We will have 4 or 5 classes covered with in grade teachers who know what they need teach. We can then spend more time with the other grades that are completely new.

PC said, You are thinking way ahead of me. I am sure they made the right decision when they promoted you over me. We are a good team, but you seem to be the leader without trying to step on my toes. What else is going on?

Bob replied, Since you are much better than I am at writing, I would like for you to put together a paper, outlining what we are teaching in each grade. By doing this, we can give a copy to the teachers so that they will know what they have to teach. This may give us more time to take care of problems, and let the teachers teach. Also, I intend to take a copy with me to my meeting with SAP10.

I should have thought about that, after all, I am a teacher. As soon as I can get a laptop here, I will start putting it together. said PC. Bob replied, No wait until you go home. I dont want you to work while you are here. Healing, and feeding the girls, will take most of your time. Now since I am going to your meeting with the Principal, what can you tell me about it?

There seems to be a problem disciplining a female student. She carries mace with her and when anyone tries to disrobe her, she maces them. So far she has maced 3 teachers. She is new to the school district, so she has not had any training in SAP. We need to get to her, and see if we can correct the problem without suspending her from school. This is one that you could work your magic on, and avoid problems, PC responded.

Hopefully, we can fix this without my magic. Is she going to be at the meeting? Or is it just a planning session? Bob asked.

I am not sure, he did not say if she would be there or not, said PC.

Bob kissed PC and said, I guess I had better get going. I dont want the principal to discipline me for being late. PC laughed as he went out the door.

The school parking lot was full, and Bob had to park 4 blocks away. He thought on his way to the principals office that he should try to get a private parking spot here, like the rest of the staff.

Bob was let into the principals office, by his secretary. Bob walked up to the desk and said, I thought I recognized that name. When I was a student here, you were a Mechanical Arts teacher.

Principal Macklyn looked up and said, Now I know why your name sounded familiar to me. The wonder boy in person. I still havent figured out how you graduated, between your junior and senior years. Now they tell me that you have also graduated from the CC, the same way. Tell me where are the bodies buried.

Bob laughed, and said, No bodies, just tests. Now tell me about this girl you are having problems with.

Macklyn said, She transferred in at the end of last week. She started on Thursday, and before noon she had maced one teacher and one fellow student. She said that she would not disrobe for her parents, so why should she be made to do it at school. Then on Friday, she maced 2 more teachers, and another student. I was going to suspend her, but Angora talked me into this meeting, and to let the girl be in clothing, until we could work things out.

Is she available for me to talk to, in private? Bob asked. Yes, he said, She is in the teachers lounge. I have put an off limits sign on the door, and locked it so you will not be disturbed. I hope you can work this out, as it is giving some of our students the wrong idea. Some are now questioning that it applies to everyone.

Let me have the key, and I will go see her. What is her name, and what grade is she in? Bob asked.

Her name is Penny Marshall and she is in the 11th grade. Bob asked What is her parents names?

Macklyn pulled out her file, and said, Her dad is Elmer Marshall, and her mom is Kris Talbet Marshall, why? Bob replied, Her mother is my mothers cousin. I did not know that they moved into this area. That should hopefully make things easier.

Bob went to the teachers lounge and unlocked the door. Upon entering, he saw the girl sitting near a window reading a text book. He closed and locked the door behind him, and put the key in his sock.

He said, Penny, we need to talk. At the sound of his voice, she reached into her backpack and pulled out a can of mace. He said, No need for the mace. As you can see I am still here at the door. So that you know who I am, I am Bob Cooky. Does that name mean anything to you?

She thought for a short time and shook her head no. Bob said, Your mom has a cousin named Karen Cooky, and I am her son Bob. That makes us second cousins. Now please put the mace down, so we can talk like civilized people. I am going to walk over near you, and sit in one of the chairs. I will not come any closer to you than you are comfortable with. OK?

He was about 15 feet from her, when she said, Thats close enough. Bob took the closest chair to him and sat down. Penny said, The information that you know, could have been taken from my records. Now prove to me just who you are.

Since I know very little about that side of the family, why dont you ask me questions that I should know about the family? said Bob.

She said, Do you know why your mom and mine do not get along? Bob replied, Probably the same reason that moms whole family disowned her, before I was born, said Bob.

Bob replied, Because of my dad. Why did that cause the split? she asked.

Bob thought for a moment, and said, If you had asked me that question 3 years ago, I would not have been able to answer it. Now I am only guessing. Every one turned their backs on mom, because they knew dad was sterile, and mom got pregnant with me. She went outside of her marriage to get pregnant, and that angered them. Mom and Dad moved here before I was born, so other than what mom has told me, I know almost nothing about her family.

Penny looked at Bob, and slowly put the mace back into her back pack. She said, I could tell that, that was very hard for you to say, but you are absolutely right. I know you are who you say you are, because no one would admit to that to someone outside of the family. Now please tell me why you are here, and what is going on in this school? Also, will you tell me who your real dad is?

Penny, may I come over there and sit beside you? It will be easier to talk, Bob asked. She nodded her head yes, so Bob slowly walked over to her. He bent over and kissed her on the cheek, then sat down beside her. As far as to who my real dad is, you will have to ask mom. It is her story to tell, not mine.

Penny asked him, Why did you just kiss me? He replied, I always kiss female family members, and also very pretty girls, so you win in both cases.

She snickered, and said, Well the family thing is ok, but I am not a pretty girl by a long shot. Bob replied, Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. Never forget that. Now as to why I am here today. I am the man in charge to the program that you are having trouble with. I hope that before we leave this room, we can come to an understanding of what is expected of you, here.

I run a program for the government. Dont bother to ask which one, as I cannot tell you. The program is called SAP (Sexual Application Program). This school was picked to be the first one to run the program. The ultimate goal is for loosing up the moral and legal codes about nudity and sex. We start in Kindergarten and first grade. There the kids just have to be nude at all times, even going to the store, or shopping. Everyplace. In the second grade they are taught about their genitals, and the genitals of the opposite sex. Each year they are taught more and more about sex, and in the 6th grade, they start learning to give and receive blow jobs, and eating pussy. By the ninth grade they are learning techniques of fucking. Many girls at graduation, will be getting their diplomas with visibly pregnant bellies. As a matter of fact my future wife is pregnant and will be about 7 months along for her graduation this year. We will be married the Sunday after graduation.

Another thing, no one in my moms position will be chastised for going outside of marriage to have kids. Unwed mothers will no longer be treated like second class citizens. Now while the program is new, I am sure that you have noticed the bracelets that the students are wearing, similar to mine, but a different color. This signifies that they are in the program and required to be nude (shoes and socks authorized). Any where in the country, the Blue Laws do not apply if one is wearing the bracelet. However if you wear the bracelet and clothing, then you ARE in violation of the law. This in a nut shell is the basics of the program. What do you think about it now?

Penny said, I think I understand the program objectives, but why do we have to be nude?

Bob replied, It takes the mystery out of everyones minds. You as a girl, do not have to wonder how big a boys cock is, and the boys will know just how big your tits are, and what your pussy looks like. With that no longer a mystery, there will be fewer rapes, and sex crimes. An other way of looking at it is: we are born without clothing, and have to be taught to wear them when we are young, so what good is clothing: really. Now we know that in some jobs, clothing protects us from harm, and that is perfectly permissible. However many jobs clothing either gets in the way, or can cause harmful problems for people. So if your job can be safely done with out clothing, then you should not wear them. Another thing, take your tits: you wear a bra to: 1. hide them from view, 2. to make them seem larger than they are, and 3. to shape them somewhat. Guess what.Men like to see them, and do not care that they are not perfect. Babies only want to suck the milk out of them and dont care what they look like, and that is what they are for.

Penny replied, What about boys cocks? Bob said, You tell me. You can see mine, and you can see my balls as well. Does it turn you on, does it turn you off. Maybe it makes you want to suck it, or what?

I dont mind seeing yours, as it is flaccid. But those guys that have hard ons, seem to be saying let me fuck you, and that does not seem right to me. said Penny.

Bob replied, There are two reasons that the boys cocks are hard. First, which you probably dont see very often is that after sleeping all night, most men wake up with what is called the morning wood. This is because they need to piss. It is one of those strange things in nature, that a boy cannot piss with a hard on, so at night he get one so he does not piss in bed. While it can happen in the day time, it is not a normal happening. The other reason is that when a man only sees a nude woman now and then, his body gets him ready to fuck. When a beautiful girls like yourself comes by, it can excite his hormones and cause an erection. It should be a compliment to any girls that causes him to get the hard on, however, the more he sees pussies, he gets fewer hard ons. Now it takes more actual sexual stimulation for him to get a hard on.

In other words, the more I show my tits and pussy to boys, the less they will want to fuck me? asked Penny.

No, Bob said, They will still want to fuck you, but will probably not get a hard on until they touch your body in some sexual manner.

Penny said, Still, I am not convinced that I should be nude, all the time.

Bob said, If you will trust me, I will take you to see a lady friend of mine. Have a talk with her. She knows all about the program, and she may be able to convince you. She is a teacher, and has 6 kids. Maybe she could be more effective than I have been.

Penny said, Ok as long as I do not have to get nude to go see her. You can take your back pack, but you will have to leave it in the back seat of my car. You will not be allowed to take it when we see her. Once you see where she is, you will understand, Bob replied.

When they stopped at the hospital, Penny said, Is your friend ill? Bob replied, I guess you might say that. She gave birth to 5 girls early yesterday morning, but two of them died. She is one of my very best friends.

Bob took her to PCs room. When they walked in, Bob went to introduce Penny to her, but PC said, Penny Marshall, it that really you?

Penny said, Bob you did not tell me it was going to be PC Benson, one of the best teachers I have ever had.

Bob said, PC, this is our problem child. I have talked to her, but I think that you might be able to get her under control easier than I can. I certainly did not know that you two knew each other. I am going to go talk to George for a while. You talk to Penny.

PC said, Bob, I will talk to Penny, but before you go, you should wait a few minutes. They are bringing the girls in to be fed, and I want to let you know which girl got which name. Penny got a puzzled look on her face, and PC said, Penny, Bob must not have told you, but the girls are his and mine.

Two nurses brought the three infants in. One was put on each of PCs nipples to feed, and they handed the third one to Bob. Once the nurses had left, PC said, Bob the one you are holding is Susan Angora Cooky. The one on my left tit, is Sandy Angora Cooky, and the one on my right nipple is Shasta Angora Cooky. She then looked at Penny and said, Penny, will you do something strange for me?

Penny said, PC, you know I would do anything for you. PC then said, I want you to take off your blouse, and bra. Then I want you to take Susan and let her suck your nipple. I know that she will not get any nourishment, but I want you to experience the joy of having your nipples sucked.

But, Bob will see me Penny said. PC replied, Yes, he will, and he will put Susan into your arms and place her mouth on your nipple. You just said that you would do anything for me. Now please do this. I have a very good reason for it.

Penny got read in the face, but she slowly unbuttoned her blouse, and took it off. Taking off her bra, she frowned at Bob, who was watching her every movement. She unhooked it, and slid the straps over her arms, but held the cups over her tits. PC said, Penny, Susan cannot suck your nipples through your bra, remove it please.

Penny slowly pulled her bra off of her tits, and then just threw it on top of her blouse. Bob looked at her nice tits and said, Penny, your tits are very lovely. I think that Susan is going to enjoy herself. He then put Susan into Pennies arms and place her mouth on her right nipple. Susan started sucking at once.

Bob said, Penny, thank you. I will go talk to George and be back in a little while. Please ask your questions of PC, and listen carefully to her answers.

PC said, Are you really going to see George, or is this an excuse to go fuck Kim?

Bob replied, Use your imagination. However there is not much privacy in this hospital. Be back in half an hour of maybe a little later than that.

An hour later, Bob came back to PCs room. Penny was completely nude, and now had Shasta sucking one nipple and Sandy on her other nipple. Pennies face was glowing. She looked at Bob when he entered the room, and smiled, and turned and spread her legs so that he could see her pussy.

PC mentally told Bob, She is almost ready, however you are going to have to convince her that incest in not wrong, I told her that she should have her brother who is in the 6th grade, to teach her how to give blow jobs, and that he should practice eating pussy on her.

Bob said, PC, I think you should call the nurse, and have them take the girls back to the nursery. Then the three of us will have a chat. PC called, and five minutes later, the nurses came for the babies.

The three of them talked for half an hour. Penny agreed to accept the SAP program, and quit fighting it. She said, Tomorrow, I will be a model for the program. I will probably have a fight with my parents, about it, but I will win.

Bob said, Penny, next I want to take you to meet my mom. Maybe between the two of you, you can start to heal the rift between your mom and mine. Then, we will go see your mom and dad, and I will try to get them on board with the program. I really do not want you to have to fight with them. There are things I can do to force them, but I dont want to do that either.

PC said, Penny, believe Bob. He is very persuasive when he wants to be. With you, he was trying to be kind, helpful and not forceful. However, he can get pretty nasty if he has to. With luck, he will not have to be to hard on them.

Penny said, Bob, after what you have said to me, and PC confirmed, I will try first to talk to them, with you there, and hopefully you will not have to say much. However, if they are to hard on me, then I would like for you to step in and do what ever is necessary.

Bob replied, Penny, I appreciate what you said, and we will try that approach. If you need me to say anything, then just ask me to fill in, or give information that you do not have. Now say good by to PC for a while, and we will go to my house next.

Bob stopped on the way home and got something for both Penny and himself to eat. By the time they got to his house, Tom was getting up from his nap. Bob said to Penny, This is my mom, and my brother Tom. He turned to Karen and said, Mom, this is your cousin Kris Talbet Marshalls daughter Penny. They just moved here last week. I have her with me because she was having a problem with the SAP program. We just came from seeing PC and the girls. She knew PC before PC came here.

Karen said, Penny, I do not know what your mom has told you about me, but as you can see, I am just a normal housewife. Granted that most of they today are not nude, but I am an Adult sponsor of Bobs program.

Penny said, Mom just has not forgiven you for going outside of your marriage to have Bob, and she will freak out about Tom. I have asked Bob, to tell me about his father, but he said that you would have to tell me. He seems to be very family oriented, and thinks a great deal of you and his father.

Karen laughed, and said, I hope so. If I tell you the story, you must NOT let anyone else know it, and that includes your mom. The only reason I will tell you is because you seem to be very reasonable, when given facts.

Penny said, If that is your wish, then I will not let anyone else know what you tell me.

Karen then said, I wanted my baby to have the genes of the family I married into. So when Jim told me that I should find a donor, so I could have the baby I wanted, I decided I would. However, I told him that I would not let him know who that person was. He agreed, and to this day he does not know who it was. It was his father. However he made me agree that if I had a girl, that he would be the one to take her cherry. But if it was a boy, I was to get pregnant with that boys baby when he was old enough.

Penny said, Are you telling me that Tom, then is Bobs baby?

Karen said, Yes, that is a fact, and I want another one by my son.

Penny replied, But that is Incest, and that is wrong.

Karen answered, What makes it wrong? People breed dogs and other animals mother and son, father and daughter, and brother and sister. So why would it be wrong for humans?

Penny looked at Bob, and he smiled and shook his head yes. Then he said, Penny, mom is right, you know. If you are one of those who thinks that this will cause birth defects, studies have shown that the percentage of defects in incest babies is no larger that it is in the general population.

Penny said, PC told me that you could charm the panties off a NUN, and never tell a lie. So, I guess I will have to believe you. Now you just have to convince my mom and dad not to cause me trouble in school by forcing me to break the rules, and the laws.

Karen said, Penny, if you and Bob can convince your parents to let you stay in this school system and be a model SAP student, I will let you tell them the story of Bobs father, and they can let the rest of the family know.

Will Bob and Penny be able to convince her parents? What will happen when Bob goes to meet with SAP10? Be sure to read the next chapter of Bobs Story

Comments and Suggestions are always welcome

storytellerxxx5@gmail.com
