The Promotion
by skillbox

Chapter 1 - Assistant Manager

Working for minimum wage was hard, Niya decided. She'd had that thought often but this shift was being especially challenging. She'd nearly broke composure, pulled down her thick glasses to glare and shout rather creative expletives after the fifth customer had complained the coffee was too cold. And of course, once she had fufilled the request to heat it up, the customer had then fussed that it was too hot. The only thing stopping Niya from losing her mind was her stunningly commendable sense of professionalism.

Niya had worked in customer service in this nation-wide coffee store for only a few months but already that unshakeable competence had gained the admiration of the store manager. Most people quit after a couple days if they made it through their first shift. Even the assistant managers he'd been going through like toliet paper. He watched as Niya pulled her frizzy hair back, gave a polite smile to another insuffrable customer with an innane complaint and did her best to fix the issue. Yes, he decided. She might be underqualified for the role but he expected she could do it better than anyone else.

The shift had just ended and Niya put her apron back in the staff room, unbuttoning the top of her shirt and laid lazily down on a nearby chair exhausted. She was only 25 but at this rate she was worried she was going to be getting stresslines before next year. Joe walked in, grin on his face; for what reason, Niya had no idea.

"Ello, Niya," He said, his odd accent coming through along with a smug tone, "Good news for ya."

"Hm?" She responded, hurrying to make her posture more practiced while in front of her boss.

"Well, it took a bit to convince the higher ups. Ah said ah'd take the heat if anything went wrong... But..." He grinned, "You're gonna be getting double the salary from now on, Assistant Manager."

It took all her willpower to not squee happily and hug Joe. But she attempted to remain composed, though a smile creeped onto her face, "What duties does that contain?"

"Ah, you'll just be helpin' to train new staff. And when ah'm gone for whatever reason, you gotta deal with the higher ups," He paused, "Good thing ah got them to agree. Guess ah'll be able to take my vacation this year after all..."

Niya's betraying smile grew bigger, "You deserve it. Thanks for this opportunity, Sir."

"Ah, we're both off duty. Just call me Joe, aight?" He paused, before shrugging, "How about we get a few drinks to celebrate?"

Normally Niya wouldn't bother with going for drinks, she would rather spend the time catching up on Netflix and lazily lying on the sofa relaxing. However, Joe was a legitamately nice guy. And she was very giddy from the promotion. So she decided, why the hell not?

And in the end, her reasoning turned out correct. She had a good time, Joe gave her some of the details of the role. She'd be having to face her first major challenge as assistant manager soon. She'd be running the store by herself for seven days with her only help being the new hire who hadn't even done their first shift. She nodded, her dark cheeks a bit flushed from the alcohol and promised Joe that everything would go well. And she intended to keep that promise.

---

It was the first day of Niya's solo week and everything had already went wrong. She'd had an appointment over video call with the regional manager she'd had to delay at last minute due to the new hire being a hour late. So she'd took over duties at the front of the shop making coffee and dealing with customers who seemed to be especially rude today. When the late newcomer eventually arrived, Niya sighed in relief.

"Oh, thank god you're here, Eliza." Niya didn't even wait for the inevitable excuse of the short girls latecoming, just glad that she made it in at all, "Can you take over here for ten minutes? I'll be back to help soon, I just really need to do something in the back."

Niya found herself rushing towards the backroom where a video call awaited. She didn't even bother to change out of her apron. With a check of the time, she realised she was one minute late for the meeting and gave an unsatisifed curse. After checking she made the call and the face of an unhappy older blonde woman appeared on her screen. She reminded Niya of some of the most obnoxious customers she'd had, almost with frown lines from all the scowling she probably did and despite her eyes focused on Niya she seemed to be ignoring her, as if she was simply decoration.

"It's rather unproffesional to be late to your first meeting," The lady who after a brief glance at the screen Niya realised was called Mrs Williams, "I do hope Joesph made the right call by hiring you."

Niya found herself taken aback by how forward this lady was, "I apologise Mrs Williams. It won't happen again." She said hesitantly, trying to keep your face unreadable.

"Naturally," She said coldly, "I'm calling about the Promotion."

Niya nodded hesitantly in response, "Well... Things have been going well so far. The store is running at capacity and the new trainee seems to be..." Niya found herself rudely cut off.

"Not that Promotion," She sighed, "The Au Natural Promotion. You should've seen it in your email?"

That'd been the first time Niya had heard about it. Unsurpisingly because she hadn't even been given an employee email yet (which Niya noted, wasn't her fault as she was still waiting for the IT team on that), "Er... I don't have my email set up yet, Mrs Williams."

She somehow scowled even larger, with her frown now taking up half her face, "Really? The Promotion is two days away. You won't be able to hire models in that time." Then the unthinkable happened; she smiled. Mrs Williams smugly continued "I suppose you'll have to just use employees. It's happened in the past."

"Could I have some details about this Promotion?" Niya said, face scrunched up. She was barely running the shop without putting on a promotional show.

"Of course," The lady was suprisingly forward and happy to share the information, "We like to prove that our coffee is 100% natural without any chemicals and nothing to hide. For that reason, we do a bit of a publicity stunt. We show that our employees don't hide anything either. They come to work wearing nothing but a confident smile." She said it naturally, as if what she'd just spoken wasn't completely insane.

Niya took a stunned second of silence to respond, her glasses ascew, "Y-You mean, naked? At work?" Her professionalism had officially broke, replaced with the embarrassed squeakings of an insecure woman.

"No, of course not." She replied smugly, "You'd know all this if you read the email. You'll have an apron on. You'll be outside the coffee shop too at a small table; offering samples."

"B-But," Niya desperately scrambles for a way out of this, panicking at even the thought, "W-We only have two employees in store including myself!"

Mrs Williams shrugged, the smallest sense of humour now gone from her voice, "You only need one to do the promotion. The other can stay inside the store, fully dressed. You should know that this promotion came from above me. All I'm supposed to do is make sure it is done," She frowns, "I assume there won't be any problems?"

Niya thought. She'd just got this job paying well and as much as she sometimes hated it, she felt it was rewarding; she'd got promoted after only a few months and was informed by Joe there was a major possibility for her to go further. Speaking of Joe, he would get into trouble for going on vacation and she'd promised she wouldn't let him down. And... Well...

She was a professional. This wouldn't be an issue. She'd get it done.

"No problem, Mrs. Williams. Anything else?"


Chapter 2 - The Days Before

Niya tried to ignore the conversation for the rest of the day; there was work to be done after all. But her mind couldn't stop flashing the horrifying image of her standing out in the street in only a flimsy apron, her long bare legs sticking out. She pushed the thought down and then pushed the tab down to serve another coffee, showing the new hire Eliza how it was done. She didn't know much about Eliza and while the white short mop-haired blonde was certainly bubbly and kind, she was just a bit ditsy. But customer service tended to care more about personality than anything else.

"Ooooh!" Eliza cooed, "I get it now. That machine is way easier than doing it by hand."
Niya smiled, her brown delicate fingers handing over the coffee to the next customer, "Yes, yes. It's a lot less complicated than it looks." She checked the store, seeing nobody in a queue she leaned back a bit, managing to finally give the new hire her full attention.
"Where's... Um, Mr. Simpson? Is he not coming in today?" Niya noted that she wasn't on first name basis with Joe yet. That'd probably happen soon. Joe hated being called his first name.
"Er, no. He's on vacation," Niya responded simply, "I'm manager until he's back."
"Oooh! Does that mean I should be careful about what I say around you, then?" Eliza chuckled, giving a cheeky elbow to her 'boss'.
Niya just shrugged in response, "Don't worry about that. Joe'll be back by the end of the week anyway."

Niya thought for a moment, trying to think if there was a way she could convince Eliza to take her place in the embarrassing nude apron showcase. She was just about to try and do the near impossible task of bringing it up, when a customer arrived distracting the blonde girl. Niya ran a few nervous fingers through her long black hair, as she was given a bit more time to figure out how to phrase the topic.

"So... Um, Eliza..." She said, with untypical shyness and demureness, "We've got a promotion on this week. I know you're new here, but I was curious if you'd be interested? Warning, it's a bit, erm... Inordinary. But it should be all in good fun." Did she particulary believe that? No. It would be humiliating. But she had to at least try and sell the idea.
The short and sweet girl nodded, with the kind of enthusiasm only someone who had no idea of what they were being asked would have, "O-Oh! Of course!"
Niya sighed in relief, "G-Good, good. It's called the Au Natural Promotion. This brand is doing it across the country. You... Er, are supposed to just wear an apron to-"
"N-Naked?! No way!" Eliza shouted, cheeks turning bright red and her voice attracting the attention of many customers.
Niya frowned, "W-Well... I will hardly force you to do it but-"
"Look, uh, thanks for the offer! But I can't do that! That's waaaaay too embarrassing, Niya! I'd die!" At least that, they could both agree on.

Niya was just about to attempt to reconvince her when a customer appeared and it was one who she recognised. It was a regular, a mid forties buisness man named Chris who usually visited each day when they were about to close up. He spoke up, a hint of genuine curiousity in the teasing tone of his voice, "What was that about nudity? What kind of conversation were you girls having?"
Before Niya could even respond, Eliza spoke up obnoxiously, "Niya was just telling me about this promotion the store was doing! Apparently, she's going to wear and apron and get butt naked!"
Niya's sepia cheeks reddened further, she had been really hoping she wasn't going to have to do the promotion herself. To the point of not even suggesting to Eliza the idea. But Eliza just raised the likely possibility that she might have to, by herself, probably by the way Niya suggested it'd be 'good fun', "Well... Erm... Maybe. If I can't find someone else." She said politely, trying to shut down the conversation.
Chris laughed, a grin appearing on his stubbled face, "Then I really hope everyone is busy that day!"

Apparently this joke was good enough to make Eliza giggle too. But it only served to remind Niya of the humiliating situation. And also made another thing clear regulars who had visited this store and would continue to visit in the future, would be seeing Niya in all her glory. They'd be able to look at her and remember that moment she'd served them in just an apron with her pert buttocks out for all to see. Not just that, these were people she knew. People she'd got on a first name basis with. That made the whole thing even worse.

She served Chris his coffee, giving a polite smile with pointed lips and tried to act good natured despite her sight annoyance. It may have just been a humorous comment to him, but to her this could be her nude reality in a couple days. She really wasn't ready for this. She checked the clock and realised with relief they were shutting soon, so with a quick aside to Eliza to keep up the good work, she went into the backroom.

There was only one thing that could save her literal butt now. She put up a job listing for a nude model and as she wrote in all the humilating details the job entailed, she realised very quickly how much she didn't want to do it. She stared at the screen, the job which would be hers if nobody else accepted. Naked public and model. She prettied up the language a little, but that was basically what she was asking for.

Now she absolutely felt stress lines. This week would age her by years. With great effort she pushed herself off the chair, moving to Eliza to close up before heading home. She wished the blonde a good night, though she was a bit resentful she didn't accept her offer. Though she could hardly blame the new hire. She would have probably laughed if it wasn't all too real.

At home she didn't know exactly why, but she felt herself examining her body. The flaws were instantly apparent to her. There was a little bit of pudge, her black mane of hair was just a bit too wavy for her liking and her obnoxious glasses. She cringed, she really shouldn't be so critical of herself. While there was stuff about her body she liked, for example, her mostly blemishfree smooth skin, nicely formed breasts (if a bit small) and hidden shining jewel green eyes. She tended to ignore those over pointing out the imperfections. Niya supposed she'd always been a bit of a pessimist, even as a child. With a tendacy to want things to be exactly correct.

She realised how dumb it was to stare at herself in the mirror, looking away with a sigh. She just had to find a way out of this. There was no way she'd have the confidence to do something like this. She'd just have to make sure somebody (hopefully one more confident than her) would accept the job. There was no other option.

It was with horror that the night before the promotion she opened her laptop and found that she had no applicants.


Chapter 3- The First Moments

Niya had tried every possible avenue to remove herself from this humiliating situation and they'd all failed. Her normally alert eyes were tired from lack of sleep; her glasses the only thing hiding the otherwise obvious dark lines under them. She had spent the night refreshing her job posting for a nude model, but obviously nobody was dumb enough to volunteer to be practically naked in a public street for hours. Especailly with the amount of pay she was offering.

She dressed her normal work outfit instead of casual clothes, even with the embarrassing knowledge that for most of the day these clothes wouldn't be worn. With a triple check everything was in order and releasing she was creating as many delays as possible for herself, she left for the train. Somehow she couldn't help her mind from wondering how many of the people she saw at this busy station would be seeing her naked in just a couple hours. People loved to go get coffee on their lunch breaks after all.

She arrived at the store a couple hours early. That was a hour quicker than she normally would. She sneered at the hung up apron, before reminding herself it was only an apron. Even if it being only an aporn was the issue. Should she strip now? She was going to be naked for hours, anyway. Might as well get used to it when at least the store was empty. But still, even alone in the employee lounge she felt a sense of insecurity and embarrassment.

No, it was time to get it over with. She sat on a nearby couch, untying her laces hesitantly and pulling both trainers off along with plain white socks. She took a deep breath, shimmying out of her black jeans revealing long slender dark legs, thick thighs and modest black panties. Trying not to think too hard, she began unbuttoning her shirt, with a matching black bra coming into view along with a tiny bit of a belly. She stared at it for a second, cursing she hadn't been going to the gym lately and a few too many snacks. If only she knew then.

She sat in her underwear for a couple moments, already feeling exposed and silly even without anyone to see her. She stood with her small bare feet sinking a bit into the plush carpet as she picked up the clothes she should have been wearing and left them in a nearby locker. With reluctance, she glanced at her modest panties, knowing that the act was a reminder that she wasn't done yet. She quickly stripped her bra, as if doing it fast would get it over with quicker; though in fact, she'd still be naked for a long time afterwards. Now standing there with her curved but flat tits out, she put the bra with the rest of her articles.

One last thing. With great reluctance, Niya slid the panties off her tall legs. They fell to her feet and with a lack of dignity Niya pulled them off her toes; tossing the knickers into the locker to avoid the temptation to put them back on. She was naked. Her pert black bottom faced the door, her trimmed bush in the open and every goddamn inch of her skin exposed. She shrunk in on herself. Naked in the workplace! Niya always strived for professionalism and she'd taken the meaning of Casual Friday to a whole new meaning.

At least she'd given herself a couple of hours to get used to the feeling. That was why she'd arrived early, anyway. She carefully strode around the room feeling her nudity from the way her soles touched the carpet, the breeze on her skin and the way everything felt... unnaturally loose. Her tight butt bounced towards the apron on the wall. At least that would give her some amount of modesty. However as she strung the ties around her bare neck, she realised it almost exacerbated the issue. She was normally fond of her height, but the amount of revealed leg shown beneath the apron made it all too obvious there wasn't anything else on. With one wrong step, the flimsy garment would flutter wrongly and a nipple or pussy could be revealed! That's not to mention nothing was hiding her ass which was almost advertised as it stuck out.

She walked awkwardly to the main storefront, it was early enough that the open windows shouldn't reveal her to too many passerbys on the street. That'd happen in a hour or two. Anyway, she had a job to do. And she'd do it, even if she was naked. That was the ethic Niya strived for. She made the coffee bare, getting a bit distracted by the work as she tested the machine. With a sip of the result which slighlty woke her up, she nodded dutifuly. At least that's one thing that was normal today.

She moved into the back to grab a couple of promotional posters to put on the store window. Thankfully she could do that from inside, rather than outside. Though she tried to ignore the folded table in the corner of the storeroom which was meant to be stood on the street. She scurried her feet towards the window in order to put up one of the papers, when she noticed her reflection in the window.

She felt ridiculous. With her only covering being a flimsy green apron (with no strap to join at the back), the company's name printed across it in large white letters and thick unfashionable glasses. She blushed as she took a side view of herself, while her boobs were small they weren't small enough that you couldn't see a clear outline of the bare shape of them from the side. She imagined if she was in motion, her tits would become even more obvious; and there would be a good chance she'd be showing everything down there too. Talking about down there, she turned around, allowing herself to get a reflection of her ass. And yes, that was a butt. It was completely exposed and there was absolutely nothing she could do about that. No careful walking or tactful angling to avoid people seeing her pert bare ass.

"WOAH! Niya!" A bubbly blonde yelled appearing on the street, fully dressed and giving an awful catwhistle at the sight, "Wooo! I can't believe you're actually doing this!"

Eliza had arrived for work. The day had officially started.


Chapter 4 - Setting Up

Niya stood in shock, brown ass facing Eliza and her uncontrollable blushing face turned around, glasses ascew and jaw dropped.

"Damn! You got a nice ass, girl!" Eliza said, with a laugh at her expense. This finally made Niya turn the other way, with now only an apron for modesty. In her rush to turn however she nervously felt a flutter, hoping that she didn't accidentally expose more to her co-worker.

If she did, the blonde never mentioned it. Coming inside the store, her face nearly as shocked as Niya, "I'd never take you to do something like this! You look so embarrassed! Are you sure?!" She said, her concerned tone at odds with the massive grin on her face. She found this hilarious, after all.

Niya didn't know what to say, of course she wasn't sure, "Well... It is embarrassing..." Niya nodded, before continuing with a wish to give a good impression to her trainee, "But I was asked to do it by corporate. And I'll put the store before a little bit of... Erm..."

"Dignity?" Eliza teased, elbowing Niya's naked side, "Look! I think it's totally cool! But it's going to be hard to call you boss today, hehe!"

Niya russled her hair anxiously, "Yes, yes... Well, you'll be inside the store and I'll be-"

"Outside, right? Oh god, you're so brave! I'd, like, die!" She responded and Niya had to consider if she was saying these type of things on purpose. Though she doubted the girl had it in her to be actively malicious.

"O-Of course. Outside..." Niya mumbered, realising she still needed to set-up the stall, "E-Er... Eliza... Would you mind setting up the table outside for me? It's in the storeroom."

"Will do, boss!" She said cheerily, still delighted by the turn of events. Who would've thought her prude boss would be secretly so carefree? This promotion was awesome! She was absolutely tempted to give Niya's cute bum a slap as she passed, but realised that'd probably end up getting her reprimanded.

This day had been great so far. As she went towards the staff room, she took one last look at the awkward gangly woman setting up the store entirely naked. She noticed that Niya had a constant frazzeled energy to her, seeming a lot less in charge and confident than she had every other day in charge. As she leaned over to wipe up a table, her small butt stuck in the air and wiggled a little which made Eliza snort. This led Niya to clamp her spare hand over her buttcheeks, which did little to hide anything.

This day had been terrible so far. She'd just had her sort-of apprentice laugh at her. And the store hadn't even noticed! It just felt so natural to walk around in this state. Especially when Eliza was joking like usual, in her normal outfit. Niya turned to see her co-worker struggling with bringing the heavy table through the door. She realised that, oh god, she was going to have to help her.

"A-A little bit of help here!" Eliza sung out, as Niya cringed, making her way to lift the other part of the desk. Of course, she was the one who was holding from the wrong end. She stumbled backwards on petite bare feet, ass pointing backwards as they led towards the door. Just as Niya was about to let go, turn around and open the door... Eliza pushed, leading to Niya bumping her nude butt against glass window. She went red as her bum moved the door open, squishing against the cold glass before she finally opened the door wide enough for the table to get through.

Now the only issue was that Niya was naked. On the chilly streets in the morning. She tipped her head from side to side, neck craning to see anyone. And she internally cursed as she saw a hanful of people walking in the morning. A tall man glanced at her ass and gave a grin, obviously signaling his approval. An older lady looked shocked to see her; she supposed she would've been shocked at this turn of events a week ago too.

Soon Eliza and Niya stood behind a small table, Niya using it for cover and finally facing the street with her exposed back to an empty store. The cool air slunk around her body, making it all the more clear how exposed she was. Her toes flexed nervously on the concrete sidewalk. She scampered back inside the store but she knew she'd have to return soon; with the store opening in nearly ten minutes.

She waited for the streets to empty down a bit before placing the promotional samples she'd hand out during the day on the table. She was now stuck outside as she couldn't leave them unattended. She shrunk in on herself, giving Eliza the orders.

"Well, not much left now..." She started, trying to give an air of confidence, "You'll have to run the inside by yourself I'm afraid. And it might be... Busier today..." She didn't want to explain or acknowledge the reason why, "I'm sure you can do it. You know how to open up now.."

"Of course!" Eliza gave a mock salute and again avoided the temptation of a butt slap.

That was that. Store was opening and Niya was not inside. Instead she stood in the crisp morning air in one of the mainstreets in this city with barely a stitch on. She checked the time. It was only ten minutes until the real morning rush started. And with that, countless people would see her.


Chapter 5

It didn't take long for Niya to face her first trial- customer, a young woman who walked up and grinned cheekily before asking what all this was about. The raven haired employee did her best to face her, ensuring that as little was visible as possible. But she couldn't hide her long shapely bare legs and a copious amount of nude cleavage, "E-Er... It's a promotion..." She stated, "W-Want a free coffee?"

And a free coffee was given. Which attracted another customer, a tall gentleman with a fair stubble who couldn't help but give the same wolvish grin towards Niya. Soon she had three different customers all chatting to her, while she stood naked! Not just that, there was people passing by! She was getting dozens of looks! Why had she agreed to this?! She pushed those thoughts down, attempting to remain professional in front of the new arrivals. She poured a sample with slender arms and tried to give a reassuring if nervous smile once she handed it over.

Casual chat was hard and reciting, "I'm naked! J-Just like the coffee!" Was all she could do, but even that she said with a cringed expression. After having her hands free and the samples handed out, she pushed her apron down a little, just to ensure she was hiding as much skin as possible. God, this was terrible! People had started heading into the store too, giving a polite laughter at her as they entered.

She was so distracted serving samples to the increasing amounts of onlookers that she didn't realise for a second the show she was giving to the rapidly filling up store; who had front row seats to her bare ass through the glass window. It was only when Niya moved backwards, her ass pressing against the glass for moments that she finally realised with a dark near full-body blush. She literally eeked, jumping forward as she realised she couldn't hide anything! The whole store was able to look at her! She spun around, exposing her butt to the street and multiple people in close-proximity.

She stared at the coffee drinkers inside, who were clearly looking at her with amusement! With horror she realised one even had their phone out! Pictures! She'd forgotten about smartphones! How had she even done that!? Would these be posted online? Who would see them?! She couldn't act embarrassed, though. That'd only make this worth. She gave a polite smile and wave to those inside the store, as if her spurred reaction was on purpose before she turned round back to the people she was originally serving. Which she knew, gave an opportunity for more humiliating pictures of her exposed backside.

"S-Sorry about that..." She mumbered, going back to filling up the small cups to give out.

"Don't worry! We enjoyed the view!" Someone joked, leading to giggles.

It'd only been five minutes and already Niya was humiliated beyond belief. Around a few dozen people had seen her nude and then laughed as she scampered around. But she'd just... Have to get used to it. She wasn't getting dressed for hours yet and she had a job to do... Surely it'd get easier now she'd been...

"Oh my GOD! Niya?! Is that you?!"

She realised with a mounting amount of terror; she recognised that name. Because it was hers. She spun her head with frizzy hair following behind as she tried to get a look at the enthusastic gal who stated her name. It was a tall white blonde woman dressed as the type you'd imagine to spend a lot of time in a hipster coffee shop. Surely she was just a customer?

"It's Hannah! From school! You remember me?"

Not a coffee shop regular, then. Way, way worse. To give backstory, Niya was voted most likely to succeed at the end of high school. She was never a popular one, instead a nerdy introvert who spent all her time studying. She wouldn't call herself pretenious, she hardly spent enough time with her classmates for that, mostly out of teenage anxiety. But someone who constantly got high grades and never really felt like talking to others? Then the title of arrogant would fall upon her. So after school with overbearing parents which constantly pushed her too hard, she finally got freedom and she chose that freedom to do an underwhelming job. Almost as an insult to her parents who put her through so much hardships and showed no sympathy the entire time.

Regardless schooldays aside the situation was this... Niya who everyone assumed would become a rocket scientist or brain surgeon was now instead a butt naked coffee shop employee. She didn't know which was worse; being naked or being found working a nearly minimum wage job. Well, when Hannah leared at her half-exposed brown breasts tucked under a delicate apron, she decided the near-nudity was worse.

"U-Um... Yeah, of course," Niya responded, feet awkwardly stepping backwards by reflex.
"What are you doing? Oh my God!" Hannah started laughing and Niya noticed this was the second 'oh my God'.
She tried to twist her lips into a smile and had no idea how well she suceed, "Uhhh... A promotion! Want a coffee sample?"
"U-Um, yeaaah, haha," Hannah giggled, "Are we just gonna ignore the fact you're naked? You are naked, right?" Hannah stepped the side, getting a good view of her large naked bum, "OHH, my God! You are!!!"
"Er, it's a promotion!" Niya tried to explain, but she couldn't really justify it. Not with Hannah laughing too loud to even hear what she said.
"We have to take a picture! Everyone in our old class is wondering what happened to you! You just fell off the Earth after school!" Hannah said with glee, hopefully non-maliciously, "Nobody could find you on Facebook!"
Before Niya could even say 'no pictures', Hannah had an arm around her shoulders and pulled her in close, snapping with a flash which temporarily blinded Niya. She normally hated photos being taken of her anyway, she could never quite get her expression to look natural. Well, this time she really didn't want her photo taken. The green apron covering up her sensitive bits, but the reveals of the edge of her brown thighs and curve of belly suggested if not proved that there wasn't anything on underneath it.
"And there!" Hannah gave a hug to her former classmate, her arms wrapped around the bare back of Niya who cringed internally.

Niya thought about asking Hannah to delete the photo but decided it wasn't worth it. It didn't show anything sensitive and as long as she kept Hannah happy, she wouldn't do anything malicious. Like take a more revealing photo, anyway. But Hannah didn't look like she was going to leave, staring happily at Niya.

"Erm... I get a half hour break in a bit. If you want to wait for me..." Niya suggested awkwardly, because she could at least get dressed for that break. Then the reunion would be a little more comfortable.
"Sure! It's my day off anyway," Hannah said, grinning wildly, "Man, you really turned wild after school, huh? You were the last person I'd thought would ever do something like this!"
Niya rolled her eyes, she still could barely remember the tall blonde. And she tried to avoid the grins Hannah gave her. She was nearly halfway through the day, though...


Chapter 6

It didn't take long before Niya found her bare ass against the leather in the breakroom and while she'd managed to get away from public eyes for at least a small half hour break, there came an issue in that she still had a voyuer in the room.

Hannah sat wide-eyed with an enthusastic smile, "God! I can't believe this is how we meet again! I always thought you'd end up showing up to our high school reunion with like, a personal bodyguard or something!"

"Heh... Um, I suppose," Niya said awkwardly, her laugh as fake as she thought Hannah's personality, "Well... I guess I didn't want to go down that path."

"Eh, well, yeah! I mean, hey, not everything's bad! You got way hotter since then, right? Right?" Hannah giggled, Niya responded with a blush.

"I'm... Actually a manager here." Niya responded with a lie, though she knew that even the lie didn't sound too impressive.

"Oh, of course, of course," Hannah smiled, seemingly genuinely, "I can't imagine you not doing amazing at whatever you do. Like, seriously? The committment to go out there BUTT NAKED on a busy street? You're a champ! Give you a raise, girl!"

"W-Well, yes. I mean, somebody had to do it and..." Niya was trying to list off the reasons why she'd decided to do something so embarrassing before she was cut off again.

"Well, anyway... I just wanted to apologise," Hannah responded, "You know... I was a bitch in high school. And me and my friends? Well, we never treated you well... And I've always felt bad about the bullying. The teasing."

"Um..." Niya tried to interrupt.

"Seriously, that's why we were looking for you on Facebook. We all felt totally awful... You know? I know we were kids, but still... You were one too. And it doesn't excuse it."

"I... Don't remember you bullying me?" Niya said, confused, "I don't even remember any rude comments you made?"

Hannah paused, frowning before giving a smile, "W-What? O-OH! Er, I guess! Nevermind then! Um, it's been so long since school I've just forgotten everything! Ha!"

Niya looked at the clock up on the breakroom wall. God, she needed an excuse to get out of this conversation. But also as the clocked ticked towards the end of her break, she knew she'd have to again spend time out on a busy street wearing nothing but a flimsy apron and a forced smile. The time went by slowly. Each noise the clock made as it slid towards her doom. The conversation had hit an awkward silent pause. Though Niya made no attempts to change that. In all honestly, she barely remembered or cared about Hannah.

"Well, Hannah... I'll see you around. It was... Good to catch up." She said, forced smile, "It's been too long."
"OH, for sure. For sure! I'm going to get coffee a lot more often," Hannah said, with an unforced smile, "And sister, don't worry. Those pics will be only sent to people I trust."

Two things worried Niya about that statement. The plural in pictures and the people that Hannah 'trusted'. But without wanting to make a big deal out of it, for this was not the time to antagonise anyone, she stood up. Which made Hannah snort into giggles.

"I-I'm sorry! I-It's, just... Your butt! It's right fucking there! Ahaahah!" Niya stood there, turning around quickly. Cringing as she waited for an enternity to Hannah to stop laughing so she can finally get rid of her.

And so she did. Hannah walked off, giving her goodbyes and Niya calmed down. Yes, she was mostly still naked in public. But she could start breaking down now, cleaning up and getting ready to go home. At last. There were fewer customers now. Fewer people to stare at her long exposed legs, her dark back and bare bottom.

Of course, Eliza appeared, "Niya! Holy shit! I've got great news!"
"Um, slow down. I just got off break... Give me five..."
"No seriously, you're needed at the front now! Local news have arrived! They want to show off your bravery! You're going to get this cafe famous!"

And by extension, herself. For the first time of the day, Niya broke her character of (an underpaid) professional buisness woman.
"Fuck."



It couldn't be happening, yet it was. Niya realised she'd made a cascade of bad decisions and looking back; she had no idea why she'd agreed to any of this. Even now, she could go back in and put back on her clothes. Then while fully dressed, she could take the train to her apartment and forget this day ever happened. That was something she could do.

Then why had her feet already begun moving to the street? She hated her stubborness as much as her parents did at this moment. God, she hoped they never saw this. As Niya calmly strutted towards the door, her ass grabbed the attention of everyone in the cafe. She saw the cameraman with a nicely dressed woman next to him through the window. With a quick internal calculation she decided if she walked straight then at least nothing would be shown on camera. They surely couldn't show any nudity on daytime TV, anyway? She told herself that but it did nothing to dim the dark hue on her cheeks.

"Ah, ah!" The reporter called out, trying to grab her attention, "The woman herself! I suppose you've heard all possible jokes at this point." She gave a quick genuine smile.

Niya supposed that she was trying to be reassuring and to calm any nerves that she might of had, but it didn't work. No matter how kind the attitude, she would still look forwards and see the cold harsh glare of the cameral, recording her tall nude body only covered by a small cloth, with gaps which exposed dark skin to all eyes nearby. The cameraman and reporter weren't the only ones paying attention to Niya. Countless people walked by on the street, getting a good glance of her uncovered bum. Not to mention those still in the store. She wanted to scream, she wanted to run away- but... She was a professional. Something that she very much didn't feel like, as her bare feet pattered against the cold street.

"So, hi! I'm Amelia and the cameraguy here is Blake..." Amelia went through introductions, asking Niya if she was good for a short interview. Niya just... Nodded. Thoughtlessly. She'd hit an amount of shame she didn't think was possible.

The generic questions were asked, as the camera was aimed at Niya's body. Amelia was friendly and didn't seem to have an ultieror motive. Though at one point she rested a hand on Niya's shoulder which reminded her just how vulnerable she was.

"And that's it! You cool if we take some shots for the segment? Just video to play under our audio."

Niya cringed. Would she really agree to this? She'd agreed to everything else. Was this the limit? To almost invite nude pictures?

Without her brain activating, she responded, "Y-Yes. That's alright."

"Aw. Don't be so nervous! You look gorgeous, Niya!" Amelia said, "Seriously. You look good. You should feel good too. Anyway, just start giving out free samples with a big smile! Blake here will do the rest!"

Niya absolutely did not feel good. She almost felt like puking. But without thinking, she again started handing out samples. Butt arching as she leaned over to hand coffee. She noticed out of the corner of her eye, Blake moving to the side. With a shot of her black butt, up in the air, now recorded. All Niya thought was, please, let this just end already.

After a few minutes of handing out samples, Amelia gave a thumbs up, "Hey! If you want to see the section, it'll be on tomorrow!"

"I... Won't watch it." Niya said, fed up with this whole situation. And saying the first real thing she had all day.

It took a bit for Amelia to respond, at first giving a frown before laughing, "No. You know what, that's fair! Still, good luck with all this, Niya! You're a real champ."

Niya absolutely did not feel like a champ. Though the interview was over and... That was enough. This had gone on long enough. What the fuck was she even doing? With a strange amount of resolution, she moved forwards towards the coffee shop. Ass still hanging out.

She was going to get dressed. She was going to go home. And she was going to quit this fucking job. Why the hell had she done any of this? To prove what? That she could embarrass herself? That she was the best goddamn coffee shop employee ever? She'd proved both of those points and more. It was time to put an end to this nightmare. Niya was finally thinking rationally.

Lost in her thoughts she smacked open the door to the coffee shop, making a sharp noise. All eyes were already on her. It took her a while to notice that something got stuck in the door during her almost ragelike state. A string to the apron had got wedged in the door. Lifting the apron up as she moved forwards. Showing everything to everyone in the coffeeshop.

She was absolutely quitting this job.



Epilogue

Niya tried to keep out of social media for a while. She never really used it in the first place, so she found it easy to avoid any comments about her. Though Joe had laughed himself silly on their last drink together as he mentioned he did have a photo. She demanded that he not show it to her. Ignorance is bliss, after all. Hannah had tried to get in touch with her, but Niya didn't bother responding. She didn't really like that woman, honestly.

Niya also did as she swore that day and left the job soon after. Though her employee had urged her to stay after her amazing performance for the brand; even offering the almost promised promotion and a raise. She didn't really want either of those, though. Niya wanted something different. So what was next?

Well, whatever it was, she'd be wearing more than an apron. And maybe she'd get a promotion there.