Chapter 4

Dev's Dick Made Juice

Dev, under mother's orders, had to walk around in the house without trousers etc. Since his dick was long, it used to sway a lot. Sometime it would be completely limp, sometime semi hard and at other times fully erect making it hard for him to attend to chores efficiently. We continued to monitor his progress.

One of his chores was to mop the floors. He used to do it the traditional way. He would take a piece of wet cloth and kneel down on the floor. Supporting himself on his knees and left hand, he would mop with his right hand. From behind, one could see his heavy balls hanging low in his loose nut sack; his meaty fat dick hanging further lower down to his mid thigh level. Raveena was a playful little girl. While running around in the house she got used to teasing Dev by slapping his balls and sometimes pulling on them. She would also push the head of Devs dick with her tiny hand so it would swing like a pendulum. To her it was yet another toy. Every now and then my wife would go to see if he is cleaning the floor properly. At the same time she would do her examination also. First lift his balls, shake them side ways assessing their weight. Then pull his dick backward, peel off the foreskin and check the dick head. Finally lick on the the dick head and suck on his balls to make sure they are lubricated all the time. I used to enjoy the show of my wifes onion like ass stuck up while she was  on her knees taking care of our servants dick. My mother used to check on the progress once in a while but she would usually let Dev suckle on her tits to give him more energy so he could work better. I was and am still so grateful to these two ladies to take care of our servant and hence saving me from the guilt of having hurt another human.
One such day while Dev was mopping the floor and my wife just finished lubricating his balls, I, from a distance, saw a big drop of pre cum forming in the folds of his foreskin then coalescing in the form of a larger drop which pulled by gravity swooshed down to the floor. My wife ran to help. First held his dick to check if it is okay, then dipped her finger in the drop of pre cum. When she picked her finger up, a thread formed. Not sure if it was water, piss or something else, she stuck her tongue out and placed her finger on the tip of her tongue; then moved her tongue on her lips to make sure of the taste. Since it tasted something entirely new to her, she again became very worried and called my mother who rushed down the stairs her boobs bouncing in all directions. Pooja described the situation to my mother.

Mum: Oh, that is usually a sign of reward; meaning that the man is happy with you and wants to give you his dick juice to reward you. You must always accept it; this also makes you more attractive for your husband. Let us see if he offers you more.

Mother held Devs dick at its base and using her thumb and fist milked it towards the tip at the same time milking the balls. A huge dab of pre cum formed again at the mushroom size dick head. My penis started to twitch too. 

Dev was still mopping the floor while on his knees like nothing much is happening. He was behaving like two women playing with his dick was just a routine for him.

Mum: See Pooja, this is the real man dick juice. Dont waste it by taking it on your finger. Lick it with your tongue. 

My obedient and caring wife stuck her rosy tongue out and touched our servants pee hole. As she motioned backward a rope of pre cum formed between her tongue and Daves dick. She eagerly licked all of it and milked for some more.

Mum: It did look like dick juice, however in this case we must make sure that it does not represent serious ailment. Tomorrow we will take Dev to a doctor.

to be continued...
