Entry tags: 

a thousand whispers, char and brie, sam/dean, slash

[Slash] A Thousand Whispers 02/04 - Sam/Dean
Title: A Thousand Whispers 02/04
Authors: Charlotte and Miss. Brie
Pairing: Sam/Dean
Rating/Warnings: NC-17, 
Disclaimer: Kripke's boys, not ours, even if we want them to be.
Summary: Sam and Dean from "A Thousand Touches" are back in this sequel. Time has passed, the boys are still hunting together and growing impossibly closer. An accident changes things for both of them bringing about challenges and feelings they'd never thought they'd face.</p>

Master Post

"Mr. McMillan?" A large hand was shaking his shoulder slightly and Dean turned to toward the voice, eyes fluttering for several moments before he remembered that it was no use. "Sorry to wake you but we've gotten your tests results back."

Dean straightened slightly, hand going to Sam's head where his brother was asleep against the side of the bed. "Okay so what is it? When will it go away?"

Sam stirred in time to hear his brother's voice; his body ached as he sat up and rubbed at his eyes. The Doctor smiled at him politely and Sam's fingers threaded through Dean's.

"Well," the doctor sighed softly and Dean felt his shoulders tense. It was never a good thing if the doctor sounded hesitant. "It looks like your retinas have detached, from the force of your head hitting the ground I'm sure. Now this isn't nearly as bad as I'm sure it sounds to you. We can take you into surgery and repair them and you'll get your vision back with time. But like most surgeries you always run a risk going in."

Dean felt his heart sink, eyes turning around the room pointlessly. "I... we can't..." He swallowed thickly and rubbed at his forehead. "I need a minute to talk to my brother. Can you just... go away."

The doctor was silent for a moment, in which Dean suspected he nodded, before he cleared his throat and said, "of course I'll come back in a few minutes to go over options."

When Dean was certain the doctor was gone he shifted toward his brother, "Sam..." he whispered, reaching out with his free hand for him. "What are we going to do?"

Watching Dean's hand reach out tentatively for Sam, not knowing where he was nearly busted Sam's heart in half. He grabbed his brother's hand firmly. "I'll fix it," Sam hoped he sounded more certain than he was. "I'll get money." Pressing his lips together firmly, Sam's brow furrowed and he looked down at Dean's still dirty hands. "I can..." Sam swallowed, "hustle pool... or something."

"I can panhandle, get a sign or something," Dean huffed and tightened his fingers around Sam's. "How do we get out of here now? I just want to go back to the motel. I don't want to be here anymore. I need..." he swallowed around the panic pulsing through him, tilting his head up toward his brother's voice. "Can we just go?"

Blinking a few times Sam shifted on the bed. "Listen to me, Dean." He leaned closer, forehead pressing against Dean's temple, lips grazing his brother's cheek. "This will be okay." Sam swallowed, wincing slightly. "I will go and get the Doctor back and we'll listen to options." Sam's voice faded to barely above a whisper, "it will be okay... s'my turn to take care of you okay?" He brushed his lips along Dean's cheek squeezing his eyes shut. "Took care of me my whole life."

"I..." Dean sighed and forced himself to nod. He wanted to just go but he supposed it made sense to listen to what the doctor had to say as far as options. They needed to have some idea of how much the surgery cost anyway."But we'll leave after we talk to him right?"

Shaking his head and huffing out a small laugh, Sam kissed the corner of Dean's mouth. "If we can, yeah." He slipped off the bed and disappeared through the curtain returning moments later with the doctor then quickly returned to his spot at Dean's side. He didn't like the way Dean looked when he was sitting there alone on the bed. Didn't like it at all.

"Okay Mr. McMillan have you thought a little more about the surgery?" Dr. Ward asked as he settled onto the chair beside Dean's bed. "It's about a two, three hour procedure. You'll have bandages over your eyes for a few days after then within a couple of weeks things should start to go back to normal. Though it could take up to a year for things to be one hundred percent okay? So if that all sounds okay we can get you set up and you'll be on your way home by the end of the day."

Dean would have stared wide eyed at the doctor if he could have. Talk about mind overload. "We can't afford that. Our insurance doesn't cover big procedures like that."

"Oh, I see," the doctor hummed in thought before falling silent.

"Schedule the surgery," Sam said quietly, "I can get this sorted out by then." Sam took a deep breath and smiled at the doctor. God, how could Dean even suggest that they not do this. Sitting up a little straighter Sam glanced at Dean's face then back at the doctor, "can I take him home? Phone me?"

"Well," the doctor said hesitant and Dean's heart clenched slightly, terrified the man would suggest Dean continue to stay until the surgery. "I can schedule the surgery for next week right now or you could call and make an appointment for later. Let me go and get the check out sheets, the nurse will be in to take out the IV and give you a prescription for pain meds. If you have any questions you can give me a call any time."

Dean listened to the doctor moving and turned slightly toward Sam, pursing his lips. "Where are my clothes?"

Sam was getting frustrated, "just a sec." He moved quickly, rubbing at his throat as he moved across the room to retrieve his brother's clothes. Untying the gown Sam whispered, "get dressed I'll be back. Leave shirt for IV...for nurse" Without waiting for Dean to speak Sam slipped through the curtain to catch the Doctor before he moved away and asked him to schedule the surgery and call his cell with the information. Following a nurse back into the room he watched as Dean sat impatiently, waiting to get then IV site bandaged. "Thanks," he murmured in the nurse's general direction as he held out Dean's shirt. "Shirt... arms..." he whispered.

Holding up his arms Dean let his brother slide the material on, sighing softly as he pushed up off the bed. He just wanted to be out of the hospital now, just wanted to curl against Sam's side on the bed and go to sleep. Then maybe he'd wake up and this whole thing would be just some horrible nightmare. "How long did you give us to get the money?" He asked softly, reaching out to graze his fingers along Sam's side.

Sighing Sam tugged Dean's t-shirt all the way down and reached back for his brother's jacket. "Almost two weeks," it was a slight exaggeration. It was closer to one week than two but Sam didn't want to worry about that. There was simply no alternative and Sam seriously started to consider the possibility he would lose it. Helping Dean into his jacket he smoothed his brother's hair back from his forehead and whispered, "let's go."

Sam moved them through the curtain and stopped briefly at the nurse's station to pick up the prescription then tugged Dean close against his side and they passed once more through the sliding door out into the night air.

Dean tried not to cling to Sam too hard as they moved to the car. He knew his brother had to be worried, probably exhausted from the weight of it all. "Sam, are you okay?" He asked softly as they stopped the car, Dean leaning against the cool metal of his car as Sam unlocked the door.

Feeling tears prickling in his eyes Sam shook his head silently as he reached up to stroke his brother's cheek. If anything happened to Dean.... "M'fine," he murmured and opened the door for his brother. "get in..." Clearing his throat Sam swiped at a tear on his cheek and helped Dean into the passenger seat. He walked slowly around to the driver's side of the car, taking a few extra moments to pull himself together before slipping behind the wheel. "Drugstore? Then motel?"

"I'm not in pain, we can just go to the motel," Dean insisted and slid across the seat and rest against his brother's side. It seemed to be taking all his remaining energy to not break down completely. He tried to tell himself that they'd figure this out, they'd find a way to pay for it and he'd be okay. He had to be. "You know Sam, maybe... maybe we should call dad. Maybe he'll have... some advice or something," he said softly, reaching out to touch his arm. His fingers settled on Sam's thigh instead but it worked just as well.

Sam was surprised at the relief he felt at Dean's suggestion. "Maybe," he said, "he'd want to know." His fingers threaded through Dean's. They drove in silence for a while, lost in thought, Sam resting his aching throat. By the time they pulled up at the Motel Sam felt like he'd been awake for days. "Okay... let's go." Pushing his door open he hauled himself around the car to find Dean already half way out. Taking his brother's hand he led him over to the door and unlocked it, guiding Dean inside. "Shower or - want me to wash you up." Sam's shoulders sagged a little and he rubbed at his eyes.

"I... I'll shower," Dean insisted and took a few steps into the room, toeing off his shoes and kicking them across the room. Dean couldn't resist blinking a few times, leaning forward as if his sight would magically return. He rubbed his palm hard into his eye, taking a few little steps toward the bathroom. He had to show Sam he could do this, he was still the older brother, still in control of himself. "You should drink some water, don't talk for awhile, rest up."

Sam's heart clenched as he watched Dean and he reached out, "Dean, can I ... come with? Need you..." he murmured. That wasn't a lie, or an exaggeration. Stepping closer he slid his hands under his brother's jacket and pressed up close against his chest.

"Yeah," Dean nodded and wet his lips, needing that more than he would admit out loud. His heart felt so heavy, too much for him to handle. He allowed Sam to pull his coat off before turning to him, laying a hand on Sam's chest and sliding up until he could curl his fingers around his brother's neck. "Sammy..." he murmured, blowing out a nervous breathe as he stepped into the familiar heat. "I'm sorry... I wish... god Sam..."

"S'gonna be okay," Sam murmured even as he pressed his lips to Dean's. His brother smelled like the hospital and Sam hated it, wanted that scent off him. Sam's hands moved frantically against his brother's jeans, tugging on the button and zipper as he sucked Dean's bottom lip. Pushing his brother's jeans down over his hips Sam tugged, starting them moving toward the bathroom. "Dean..." Sam fought back tears again, he just wanted to make everything right, fix Dean.

"I know," Dean dragged his hands hard along Sam's body, working at the fabric until he could pull Sam's shirt off. He listened to his brother's quiet movements, the soft inhale, the swoosh of fabric as he dropped the shirt to the ground. A moment later he could feel the cool tile of the bathroom under his feet, hand reaching out to touch the wall and steady himself so Sam could turn on the shower. He sighed softly and pushed off his jeans and boxers, kicking them to the side.

Sam wrenched the taps open and started a flood of hot water. Standing he shrugged out of his jeans and slipped his fingers back in Dean's hand, tugging him toward the shower. "Here," he said as he stepped under the downpour of water. Dipping his head back into the hard spray, Sam felt his shoulders relax. "M'bruised up..." he mumbled as he leaned forward again, checking out his arms. Snatching the soap out of the soap dish he lathered it up in his hands and started rubbing Dean's shoulders and chest.

"Oh," Dean murmured and trailed his fingers along Sam's skin. "I'm sorry I didn't even ask how you are, shit," he sighed softly and dragged his hand through the soap on his body, reaching out to rub along his brother's chest. He would always know the familiar lines and curves of his brother's body and here he could close his eyes and pretend like he was simply enjoying the moment. It was easier to force himself not to think about the darkness, someone had to be the stronger of the two of them and Dean felt like those lines were blurring together.

"No, m'fine just bruised." Sam slid in front of Dean, bodies gliding together. "Keep cut out of water." Sam's fingers moved over Dean's face washing away what was left of the creature's blood. He couldn't stop his mind from going to all the darker places in his head. What happened if Sam couldn't find the money? What if something went wrong with the surgery and Dean's vision didn't come back completely ... or worse? Brow furrowed, Sam moved slick with soap into Dean's arms and buried his face in his brother's neck. "Throat aches," he mumbled before locking his mouth onto his brother's damp skin.

"I know, you don't have to talk anymore," Dean insisted, head dipping back as his body pressed forward into Sam's. "I know you're here with me. I don't need the words," he whispered and wrapped his arms around Sam's body, clinging to him. He backed Sam up slightly so they both could feel the spray of the water. Dean had no idea how things would work with Sam and him if he could never see again. It was basically going to force Sam to talk and Dean had spent his whole life not forcing Sam. "God this sucks," he murmured and tightened his arms around Sam.

Eye lids fluttering closed Sam nodded against Dean's neck. He didn't want to speak again just because he was too upset to even come up with the right things to say. Part of him couldn't help hoping that they would go to bed and when Dean opened his eyes in the morning - everything would be fine, back to normal. If Sam had just moved a little faster on the hunt, argued harder with Dean about how his older brother always took the more dangerous tasks. "M'sorry..."

"Don't be, it's not your fault and you know it," Dean reasoned and tightened his arms around Sam. In fact Dean was pretty certain Sam had to know it was really all Dean's fault. Too head strong, too over confident. If Dean hadn't just assumed that taking down the Ghoul would be a piece of cake than he wouldn't even be in this place. They lingered in the shower until the water grew less hot and more lukewarm and Dean slid back. "C'mon, I'm exhausted and I know you are too." He hesitated inside the shower, surprised by how scared he felt to even take a step forward. But Sam was there, reassuring and leading him out of the shower, pressing a towel to his chest.

Dean didn't know what time it was but knew for sure it was late at night and definitely too late to call their dad. That was a good thing because even though Dean had suggested the idea he wasn't exactly eager to go through with it. He would, if only because this was one of those times they really did need help and if Dean was completely honest with himself, he needed his dad right now. Sam guided him over to the bed and Dean backed up until his calves touched the mattress, slowly dropping down. He couldn't believe that just hours ago they'd been sitting in the room trying to find where the Ghouls were. Dean felt like he'd been in darkness for days, weeks, like someone had blindfolded him and was offering him everything if he could just see.

Sam rubbed at Dean's hair gently with the towel, making sure he stayed far away from the bandages then stood there staring down at his brother's strained expression. "You need anything?" His fingers moved to a faint bruise on Dean's cheek.

"Just you," Dean whispered and sighed shakily, sliding back on the bed with a hand extended so he knew where the mattress ended. Once he was settled under the blankets he rolled toward where his brother had last been, holding out a hand for him. Dean could feel his strength wavering, could feel the weight of everything beginning to press down into him, and he was certain his hand was shaking. "Sammy?" He breathed, wetting his lips nervously.

"Right here," Sam's lips were a thin line, his eyes squeezed shut for a moment then he grabbed his brother's hand and sank into the bed. They fit together easily, automatically knowing where to put arms and legs only this time Sam curved his hands gently around Dean's head and brought it to his chest so he could hear Sam's heart beat. His arms tightened around Dean's shoulders as his mouth brushed his brother's damp hair, "love you."

"Love you too," Dean mumbled into Sam's chest and inhaled deeply. They could do this, they could make it work and Dean had to cling to that. "Night," he mumbled once more and squeezed his eyes closed, even if it didn't really matter in the long run whether his eyes were open or closed. It was hard to accept even as the thought filtered across his mind.

It was dark when Dean woke and it took him several minutes to realize it would continue to be dark no matter how many times he opened and closed his eyes. Sam's chest moved beneath his head, slowly up and down, and Dean listened to the gentle inhale then exhale. There was the slightest wheeze that Dean had never noticed before. Laying there on Sam was warm and comforting and Dean considered closing his eyes and willing away consciousness. But there was that pressing need to empty his bladder so he slid back pushing slowly along the mattress until his feet dropped over the edge and landed on slightly stiff carpet.

Dean swallowed thickly and curved his fingers along the mattress edge, breathing deeply. I can do this. It took more strength then Dean anticipated to push up off the bed and take a step away from the bed. His hands extended automatically, searching for purchase in thin air. Dean moved forward, one foot in front of another, slowly. It shouldn't have been a scary thing, the room was basic and so very like all the other ones they seemed to be blurring together in his mind. Was there a table there? Was the bathroom further down the wall or closer?

A slow sigh fell from his lips as his fingers finally connected with the cool wall, spreading out and gaining comfort from something solid. Without something to hold onto he felt a little like he was floating in clouds, set adrift to find his own way. Dean slid his hand over the surface until the tips of his fingers brushed along hard wood, the door frame of the bathroom. He practically rolled into the room, hand lingering over the door, sliding down to curl around the knob as he closed it quietly to keep from waking his brother.

Peeing was something he didn't ever consider difficult. Turned out doing it blind definitely wasn't easy. Mostly it was made of awkward moments, trying to guide himself to a place he couldn't even see. Dean was fairly certain there were some things about this blind thing that were going to be much worse than others. After he flushed and slid over to the sink, Dean stared at the place he knew the mirror was.

"Holy fuck," he whispered, heart clenching tightly. Dean wondered if his face was bruised, if his skin was paler than usual like it sometimes was at night or if the imprint of Sam's chest still lingered on his cheek. His hands lifted slowly to his hair, smoothing over hair that had still been wet when he went to sleep. If this were any other day he'd be brushing his teeth, his hair, styling it casually. Now Dean didn't even know where those things were, in his bag he supposed and he knew he could go find them but how could he style his hair without seeing it? How did he put toothpaste on his toothbrush without making a mess? What if he'd missed the toilet when he peed?

The cool liquid of a tear dragged down his cheek and Dean dropped his hand from his hair to his cheek, touching the liquid slowly. Cruel irony that he could still cry though he could no longer see. Dean thought if his eyes were going to be useless for sight then they might as well be completely useless. His hand fumbled in thin air for a few moments before connecting with the faucet, turning slowly. He let his hands soak under the spray before bringing a cup full up to swirl around his mouth, to splash across his face to hide the steady flow of tears that didn't seem to want to stop.

A few moments later he was slowly pulling the door open once more, heart sinking unpleasantly again. He took a small step into the room, toward where he thought the bed was. There was a strange mixture of fear and unease curling in him. It was just a walk across the room and he'd done it minutes before but letting go of the wall took actual force. Dean bent over slightly, arms extending low and out in front of him. God he hoped Sam was still asleep, he had to look like an idiot, and he could feel the heat rising along his still damp face.

It only took a few steps to feel the soft curve of bed sheets but Dean sighed in relief, turning to drop down onto his ass on the mattress. This was going to be hell.

Sam had watched his brother struggle across the room, silent, knowing that Dean had to do some of these things even if it pained Sam to watch. Dean needed to know that he could do things, take care of himself. It was probably the most terrifying thing that Dean had ever been through - he was the protector, the keeper. Sitting up Sam slid his arms under Dean's and clasped them across his chest. It had been a long time since he'd seen his brother cry and it hurt, stabbing pains in his chest because he knew there was very little he could do to make any of this shitty situation any better. He propped his chin on Dean's shoulder and kissed the warm skin below his ear. "Gonna be okay...." his voice was barely there, strained from the day before and strangled by emotion.

Dean sucked in a shaky breath and nodded, leaning back into Sam's chest. He should have figured his brother was awake, far too accustomed to being silent. "I know," he whispered and laid his hands over Sam's on his chest. "What time is it?" He asked quietly, not wanting to dwell on this any longer than he had too. They needed to get on with things, make a plan, call their dad, make everything better.

Sam glanced over his shoulder, "Eight... why?" He tilted his head, trying to see Dean's expression.

"Figured we gotta figure things out, call Dad. Eight here? So nine there. He'll be up. I... I think he might help. And you can get online, find out how much the surgery is going to cost so we know..." Dean found comfort in laying out a plan, sorting out things they could do. It was almost like a hunt, just one much more personal.

"Want your phone?" Sam shifted on the bed crawling to the other side, catching the edge of Dean's jacket and tugging it off the chair. Searching through the pockets he found his brother's phone and pulled it out. He was holding it out for Dean when he realized that his brother couldn't see it nor would he be able to call up the number. Fuck, frozen for a few moments Sam moved through the contacts on his brother's phone. "You ready?" He spoke softly fighting back the swell of emotion, "to phone I mean." He dropped his eyes - staring at the phone.

"Uh... ready as I'll ever be," Dean shrugged and held out his palm for the phone. God he felt so lame that he couldn't even make a phone call by himself. Couldn't pick out his own clothes. Couldn't drive his car. Dean sucked in a quick breath and shook his head slightly, they needed to fix this. Now.

Sam pressed the cell phone into his brother's palm. "Just hit the midd... well, you know..." Sam moved up close to Dean's back again lying against him.

Dean pulled in another steadying breath before sliding his fingers over the buttons, pressing the right one and bringing the device to his ear. He'd spoken with his dad once since they left his house a few months ago and even then it had been just a brief thing, just to check in and let him know they were okay. Dean felt just a little guilty that he was calling now in need of help, not just to say hello.

"Yup," John cleared his throat and sat down hard on the kitchen chair.

"Hey dad," Dean tried to keep his voice steady though he figured he probably failed at that. Sighing softly he leaned into Sam's warmth and rubbed at his forehead. "It's Dean. Obviously. How's it going?"

"Goin' well, Son, you boys okay? Haven't heard from ya in a while." John sank back into the sofa and blinked in the early morning light

"Well..." Dean cleared his throat and dropped his hand to lie across Sam's leg, curling softly. "We were on a hunt last night, couple of Ghouls. And I... I kind of got thrown across the place, no big deal, I'm okay obviously. Well mostly okay. I... I can't see." Dean clenched his jaw, letting his dad take in that information before adding anything more.

John was silent for a few moments then sat up, leaning forward to lean his arms on his thighs. "As in... blind? Can't see?" He closed his eyes, pressing them with his thumb and forefinger. "Sam okay?"

"Sam's okay," Dean swallowed and released his tight hold on his brother's thigh. "You wanna say hi to him? He's right here." If Dean were a different person he might have sounded a little bitter with that question, instead it was understanding. He knew it would have been the first thing on his mind, properly assess the situation then tackle the big problem.

"Nope, that can wait, you bin to the hospital? What did the Doctor say?" John let his head fall back and stared up at the ceiling with a frown on his face.

"Went last night after... got some stitches and took some tests. He called it retinal detachment. He said there's a surgery, should fix things. We just... the insurance.... it's not something we ever anticipated on you know?" Dean sighed and knew that his father would put it together. They were asking for help, something Dean hadn't done for years, long before he took Sam away.

"Okay Dean, you listen son. I'm pretty sure if I know Sam - you've already got an appointment for the surgery. That kid never admits defeat." He shook his head, a slight smile passing across his face, "I've got some insurance at my job and a fair amount of money saved up. Did Sammy make you an appointment?"

"Yes," Dean couldn't help smiling as he leaned even harder against his brother, turning his head to lie on his shoulder. "He said its a little less than two weeks away. Do you... should we come up there?"

John pushed up off the couch, "You boys stay there, keep that appointment and I'll drive down. Gloria will sort out the work insurance for us. Where you at? What's the hospital?" He moved down the hallway to the bedroom and pulled his duffel bag out of the closet.

"We're in Surprise, Arizona. Banner Boswell is the hospital," Dean rubbed at his forward once more and wet his lips. "Thanks dad. I... just... thanks. You'll call when you're close? Still wanna talk to Sam?"

"I'll be there in ... well, sometime tomorrow and yeah, I'll say hi to Sam. Don't worry Dean..."

"Hard not to," Dean muttered before pulling the phone back and offering it to Sam. He didn't want his dad to hear how scared and unsure he was, in case he didn't already realize that this was the most terrifying thing Dean had ever experienced. Well except for that time a few months ago when he thought he might have lost Sam forever but they were too different to properly compare. "He wants to say hi," he informed his brother, offering the phone to thin air.

Sam took the phone and held it up to his ear, "Hi," he said softly.

John was already zipping up his bag. "On my way Sam. You know what your brother's like - don't let him... well," John coughed and rubbed his forehead, "don't let him get too down on himself. It's gonna kill him not to be able to take care of you."

It made Sam's heart ache a little to hear his Dad speak so fondly about Dean. "Yes, Sir." He caught his bottom lip between his teeth, breathing softly into the phone.

"I'm on my way, be there late tomorrow and we'll sort this. You take care of your brother Sammy, you hear?"

Sam smiled, "yes, Sir. Drive safe."

"Bye Sam." The phone line went dead. Sam pushed end on Dean's phone and tossed it on the bed so he could slide his arms around Dean again. He was relieved that their Dad would be coming to help out, not only would John be able to help out with the details at the hospital but he'd be able to be Dean's Dad. More than any other time since they'd left their Father's home, Sam felt like Dean needed his father. "Okay? He can help..."

"Yeah he said..." Dean nodded and leaned against Sam, wetting his lips slowly. "So I guess we'll just kill time until he gets here. You hungry? I know you haven't eaten since yesterday..." he turned his head toward his brother's voice, eyes fluttering once more as if to clear his vision. God he missed looking at his brother. The thought stirred up memories of a conversation they'd had just a few nights ago, something about stars. Dean half smiled and lifted his hand slowly, searching for Sam's face in the darkness.

Sam leaned forward into the path of his brother's hand, smiling against Dean's palm. "You want to go out? Or I'll get stuff..." he whispered then pressed a kiss to his brother's palm. "Should get your pain pills." At this point, Sam wasn't sure if Dean would even admit if he were in pain - there were probably a million things going through his mind and Sam knew Dean would be trying to keep things from him so he didn't worry.

"I want to go out, though not sure about eating in a diner... shit how will I even..." he shook his head, trying not to let himself have another freak out like he did in the bathroom earlier. "I'll just stick to a breakfast burrito or something. But yeah, lets both go. I don't want to spend however long I'm blind stuck in some motel room."

"Dean?" Sam grinned and leaned against his brother's warm flesh.

"What?" Dean couldn't help smiling; he could practically hear his brother's amusement and didn't have the slightest idea what could possibly be funny right now.

"We're naked; you wanna get dressed or streak there?" Sam laughed softly; he'd never been more pleased to see a smile on his brother's face.

Dean laughed and shook his head. He hadn't even realized it. He could just imagine the look on their dad's face if he knew they'd talked to him on the phone while both were naked. "We should probably get dressed," he nodded, still chuckling softly. "Guess it is a little cold in here huh?"

Still laughing, Sam kissed the back of Dean's neck and rolled off the side of the bed and started rustling around in Dean's duffel. Pulling out his favourite of Dean's t-shirt, extra soft, baby blue because it was faded and a little tight he tossed it in Dean's lap. Returning to the bag and yanked out Dean's newest jeans and some clean socks and underwear. He piled it all on the bed at Dean's side, just touching his leg so he would know it was there and headed over to his own bag. "Like taking care of you," he murmured.

With a small smile on his face Dean sorted through the clothes, feeling for the tag on the shirt before tugging it on, "it definitely is a role reversal." He curled his fingers around his boxers and jeans before standing. For a moment he hesitated before tucking his jeans under his arm and bending to step into his boxers, dropping his jeans to his hands a moment later before stepping into them. It was easier than he thought and not so bad so Dean told himself he could definitely handle this. As long as Sam was there. He dropped back down on the bed and reached out for his socks, fingers grazing along the fabric until he found them. "Shoes?" He asked a moment later, head tilting up to look at his brother then stopping short. That was definitely going to be a hard habit that he hopefully would never have to break.

Still hopping around trying to get into his jeans, Sam reached down and snagged his brother shoes. Once he regained his balance he padded over and put them by Dean's feet. He watched Dean for a few moments as he tugged his own t-shirt on. Dean's eyes still moved automatically to what he was doing, down toward his shoes, onto his fingers, in Sam's general direction when he wanted something. This was going to be fixed. Sam wouldn't accept any alternatives.

Suddenly feeling a swell of determination he stepped forward and dipped down to catch Dean's lips in a rather forceful kiss. He pulled back just a little and whispered, "drive by kissing."

"Uh huh," Dean muttered softly, leaning up into Sam's heat. He reached up slowly until his hand pressed into Sam's chest. Fabric curled under his fingers for a moment before he slid them up to Sam's shoulder, across to cup his neck and tug him in for another kiss. Dean kept his eyes open because it was a little pointless to close them, and let his tongue slip out to trace the path of silky flesh.

Humming softly, Sam sank down to his knees without breaking the kiss. He pushed in between Dean's legs, hands resting on his brother's thighs and tilted his head slightly to deepen the kiss. It was a problem they had some mornings - trying to leave the motel room. He let Dean take control, moving his head gently as Dean guided him, marvelling at how quickly his heart started to race.

A small moan fell from Dean's lips as he shifted into the warmth of his brother, withdrawing his tongue so Sam's slipped forward. He sucked hard on it for a moment before pulling back with a small groan. "Okay. We... we can pick this up later," he chuckled softly and slid his hand forward to trace the lines of his brother's face, fingers dancing across kiss swollen lips. "Or we could just skip the food thing, definitely wouldn't complain about that decision."

Smiling against his brother's fingers, Sam pulled back, "you need to eat, get better..." he murmured and grabbed Dean's hands to haul him up off the bed. "Let's go..."

Dean sighed and nodded, "yes, let's do that and hurry back." He smiled softly as his brother led him out of the motel room and to the car.

Dean still experienced that surreal feeling riding in the car without being able to see. It was a good thing he trusted Sam with his life otherwise he might have had a harder time handling it all. Dean chose to wear his sunglasses inside the diner, this way it wouldn't be quite so obvious that he was looking at nothing. It came from a life of hunting, never show people your weaknesses. They settled into a booth, Sam going out of his way to help Dean as little as possible. Dean couldn't help smiling at his brother's sense of awareness. They did know each other better than anyone else after all.

Sam informed him there was a breakfast burrito on the menu before telling Dean what he wanted to order. Dean was used to ordering for Sam and he appreciated his brother not taking that role from him. There was always comfort to be found in looking after his brother; Dean knew it would always be that way. When the waitress arrived Dean only slightly tilted his head toward her while giving their order, legs extending to rest along Sam's under the table. While they waited for their food they fell into comfortable silence, though Dean was pretty sure Sam was watching him shift uncomfortably. Dean really didn't like being somewhere he had no grasp of, no way to observe those around them, monitor for any threats.

It was just a little worse for him when their food arrived. Dean's head was turned down to the plate as his fingers slid along the table top. He could feel Sam's shift on the seat, likely itching to help but giving Dean the chance to figure it out himself. Eventually Dean managed to curl his fingers around the food and bring it to his mouth. Just around the time he was getting thirsty Sam was nudging his coffee toward him, likely already made up the way he preferred. Dean smiled gratefully at him before carefully curling his fingers along the handle and bringing it to his lips.

Sam paid for the meal once they'd finished and waited just beside Dean's bench as he slid out. Dean sank into the warm hand placed on his back to guide him out, Sam applying just enough pressure to guide him along without making it obvious. Once they were back in the car he blew out a small breath. They'd tackled one outing, that was something, and Dean felt just the slightest wave of relief. He wasn't completely hopeless.

On the drive to the drug store Sam played music that Dean knew well, not even trying to change it to something he'd enjoy more. Dean smiled softly, enjoying the little things his brother was doing to make this easy for him. They pulled to a stop and Dean moved to get out but Sam laid a hand on his arm, ensuring him it would only take a few minutes. Dean nodded and fell back against the seat, tracing his fingers over the cool leather of the seat.

Within minutes Sam was back, opening the door quietly so Dean wouldn't be startled. Dean slid against his side the moment the car was in motion, not admitting out loud how much he'd missed his brother. Clearly being alone in this condition wasn't an idea that appealed to him. He could hear Sam's soft chuckle as they headed back to the motel, looping an arm casually around him.

Sam held out his hand, grabbing Dean's from where it hovered in midair as they arrived at the motel. "Okay lets order food next time," Dean muttered as they headed inside. "I'm not really a big fan of the being blind in public thing. It's safe to say I'm officially over it," he sighed and stopped just inside the room, turning to the sound of the door closing. "How should we spend the rest of our day?"

"I have a plan," Sam was quiet, trying to pull things out of the grocery bag as quietly as possibly. "We're," he coughed, throat still raw, "gonna work on your other senses. Take advantage." He scratched his head as he tried to figure out the best way to set everything up. Gathering some items in his arms he moved over to the night stand, keeping his back to Dean so he couldn't reach out and feel anything. Setting things quietly on the night stand he crossed his arms and looked down at Dean with a smirk on his face. "Get naked."

"Okay," Dean nodded quickly, hands going to his clothing. He definitely had no objection to getting naked. Though he was admittedly curious about other senses. Sam clearly had something sneaky up his sleeves and Dean couldn't help grinning. Within minutes he was naked and shifting toward the bed, reaching out to touch the mattress before dropping down. "Now what?" He asked, looking toward where he imagined Sam was.

"Middle of the bed on your back." Sam moved quietly, watching with a proud smile on his face as Dean tracked him around the room. Dean was in hunter mode, Sam could see it underneath the suspicious grin on his brother's face.

"Alright..." Dean murmured and crawled up on the bed, reaching out to touch the headboard before dropping down and rolling onto his back. He was half hard already, excitement building in the pit of his stomach, tongue dragging along his lips in anticipation.

Kneeling on the edge of the bed Sam ran his hands up his brother's left arm until he reached his wrist and he slipped a dish towel around Dean's wrist and tied it to the corner of the head board. Watching Dean's face, seeing the flush slowly easing up his cheeks, Sam smiled. He slipped off the bed and moved around to tied his brother's other hand the same way. Checking that Dean was well bound Sam stepped away again, rustling in the grocery bag.

"Okay..." Dean said slowly and tugged on the ties, testing their strength. Sam knew how to tie a knot, he'd give him that. "So uh..." he wet his lips once more and shifted slightly, wondering what Sam was up too. "Whatcha got planned Sammy boy?" He asked casually, smirk growing on his lips.

"Research," Sam said, kneeling on the edge of the bed, careful not to touch Dean. Reaching behind him Sam picked up a feather duster and pulled out one of the long feathers. He couldn't help the smile that was on his face. "Looked it up. People who have an impaired sense," he leaned down to whisper in Dean's ear, "compensate with other senses." He pulled back quickly before Dean could turn into his voice. Sucking his bottom lip into his mouth, Sam dragged the feather lightly down the middle of Dean's chest then dragged it back up his side. "Tell me when you know... what it is," he whispered. Tilting his head, watching his brother's face - Sam twirled the feather around Dean's nipple, watching as the coppery flesh hardened.

Dean pulled in a quick breath, head tilting back into the pillow as he squirmed underneath the touch. "I uh..." he cleared his throat and tried to focus in on the item. Little wisps of touch slid around his flesh, tickling slightly but mostly just serving to make his skin feel over sensitive. "A... a cloth? No..." Dean shook his head immediately, knowing a cloth would feel a little more solid. This just barely ghosted along the skin. As it clicked in his mind he swallowed, suddenly more aroused by the entirely unexpected situation he found himself in. "A feather," he murmured.

"Mmmhmm," Sam pulled the feather straight down Dean's body barely ghosting it over his hardening length before putting it back on the night stand. Reaching into the bag he pulled out a cherry and bit into it, spit out the pit quietly and chewed it, letting the juice sit in his mouth for a few moments. Leaning down Sam hovered his lips over Dean's and breathed out gently, "smell," he murmured.

"Jesus," Dean gasped softly, head tilting up toward Sam's face. "I... cherries," he murmured, wetting his lips and breathing in deep. He could smell Sam just under the sweetness, familiar and unique.

Sam licked his lips and let the very tip of his tongue trace along Dean's bottom lip. Slowly, he barely moved, pulling back only when Dean moved forward. As soon as Dean settled back on the mattress Sam slipped his tongue past Dean's lips quickly, swept it across the roof of his brother's mouth and pulled back. Moving back again he laughed softly and brushed the backs of his fingers across Dean's cheek briefly. "Okay?" He could tell Dean was okay, but he loved the sound of his brother's voice when he was turned on.

"I... yeah. Yes. Okay," he insisted and swallowed deeply. He'd never experienced his brother like this and it was turning him on more than he thought it would. Being tied to the bed, Sam teasing him, it was enough to cause his blood to boil. "So that's touch... and smell..." he murmured and shifted on the mattress.

Chuckling Sam rustled around in the bad once more and pulled out a container of honey. He stood there, holding it looking at his brother's body, considering the options. Stepping away from Dean slowly, as quietly as he could Sam moved to the bottom of the bed and tugged his t-shirt up over his head, smirking he tossed it onto the right side of the bed and watched Dean's face turned slightly in that direction. Padding quietly up to where Dean was facing, Sam got hold of his zipper and dragged it down slowly, each click of the teeth loud in the quiet room.

Some noises Dean would always recognize, this one, the sound of Sam undressing, was familiar enough to have him sucking his bottom lip into his mouth and working it between his teeth. His eyes fluttered out of habit, fixed on the noise, heart fluttering in anticipation for whatever was next. "Sammy..." he breathed, twisting his wrists in the ties slightly.

"Guess you know what that sound was," Sam grinned and wriggled out of his jeans, kicking them off. There were a couple of ways he could do this, and Sam decided he had earned a little fun himself. Crawling on to the bed he straddled his brother's thighs. Sam poured some honey onto the tip of his finger and grinned, hesitated, then rubbed it on his hard nipple. He couldn't help moaning, God Dean was radiating sex, lying there, cock hard - skin flushed as his lips glistened in the dim light slipping through the curtains. Letting himself fall forward Sam held himself up, hands planted above Dean's shoulders and lowered himself down until his honey covered nipple brushed Dean's lips.

A soft gasp fell from Dean's lips as he shifted up into the warmth. His tongue flicked out as his mouth opened, sucking on the skin. His moan grew deeper as the sweet substance exploded along his taste buds, hips jerking up slightly at the sudden spark of pleasure. "Fuck," he mumbled against the skin and sucked the hardened flesh in again, dragging his teeth along it. He tilted his head to smooth his lips over every inch of skin he could reach, panting softly. "I... not sure... might have to taste more..." he said softly, even though he was pretty sure he knew exactly what the sugary substance was.

Laughing softly, Sam picked up the honey and squeezed more out onto his finger, "M'not complaining. Research," he murmured as he dropped the bottle and rubbed the honey on to his other nipple and leaned down. This time, Sam hovered just out of Dean's reach, rolling his hips slightly, sliding their rigid flesh together then dropped down to let Dean taste the honey again.

Dean worked his lips along the flesh, moaning as the taste once more burst along his tongue. He wanted to run his hands along Sam's body, to feel his heat, but somehow being denied that was heightening everything. He lapped at the skin until there was only Sam's salty taste. "Hmm I think I know..." Dean said softly, pressing small kisses along inch of skin he could. "Honey?" He murmured, hips lifting up almost out of his control.

"Uh huh..." Sam sat back, trying to get control of himself again. "Wow..." he mumbled, "we should... uh... research more often." Pushing his hair back off his forehead Sam let himself fall to the side, one leg draped over Dean's thighs. "What you want...?" He whispered right against his brother's ear, lips brushing the warm flesh as his breath danced along Dean's skin.

"I... you. Always want you," he murmured, turning toward the heat of Sam's breath. "Wanna... research more?" Dean suggested, small smile on his lips. "Tap my other senses? See what all I can learn?" He chuckled softly, shifting forward.

Humming softly Sam leaned forward and kissed a trail down Dean's neck, stopping briefly to suck on Dean's Adam's apple then continuing. His hand slid over Dean's hip and rubbed along his brother's inner thigh softly, teasingly, carefully not to touch Dean's cock. Finally reaching Dean's nipple Sam teased it, flicked the very tip with his tongue then blew on it. Watching Dean's body arch up, Sam smiled and took in a shuddering breath. He was beginning to wonder how long he was going to last himself. He let his fingers brush against Dean's sac, twisting his wrist slowly to roll his brother's balls gently between his fingers.

"Jesus Sammy," Dean moaned and shifted into the touch, wetting his lips. "You're... so..." he sucked in a deep breath, trying to calm himself so he didn't come before Sam even touched him where it mattered most. Dean was starting to learn that not being able to see did heighten his other senses. He never knew where Sam's lips would be next, where flesh would connect; it made everything burn a little sharper, hotter. "What... what do you want?" He asked quietly, body lifting up into Sam's touch.

"I think," Sam's lips moved down his brother's ribs, tongue running along the dip between them, "I'll just do what I want." His fingers tightened on his brother's balls, squeezing then rolling and releasing before his hand pulled back across Dean's thigh. He could feel the small hairs on his brother's leg standing up and smiled then sucked hard at a patch of skin on Dean's side. Sucking long and hard, Sam worked the flesh with his tongue then nipped gently at the skin heated with blood. Walking his fingers up over Dean's abs, across his chest he caught his brother's nipple, pinching it hard as his mouth began to move again.

Sliding down his brother's body Sam moaned softly. As soon as he reached the tender flesh just below Dean's hip he latched on again, tightening his grip on Dean's nipple. Unable to resist it a moment longer, Sam rutted up against Dean's leg, desperate for friction. Hands sliding all over Dean's body, mouthing his way back up Dean's side, Sam didn't stop moving for a single moment.

Dean felt like a writhing mess beneath Sam. His wrists twisted and pulled at the cloths keeping him bond, fingers shifting until they could tighten over the material. He moaned his brother's name and arched up into the endless touches, panting softy. Dean had never been so turned on before, body humming and sparking with each graze of his brother's lips and hands. "Driving me crazy..." he mumbled, head turning from side to side on the pillow with each harsh pant.

Growling softly Sam crawled down the bed beside his brother and nudge in between his legs with one knee. Bending to Dean's body Sam inhaled the heady scent of his brother's arousal, salty, sweat, spicy. Heart quickening once more Sam panted along Dean's cock, hair trailing along his brother's over-stimulated flesh. Pursing his lips slightly he blew on the head of Dean's cock.

"Fuck," Dean groaned, rolling his hips up to try and get Sam's mouth to connect with his flesh. It didn't work, Sam just moved away, and Dean marvelled at the fact that Sam really was driving him crazy. His heart seemed to lurch with the heat of Sam's breath, the whisper of suggestion. Dean wanted to look, to see the bright flush on Sam's cheek, the lust blown darkness of his eyes. He swore the moment his eyesight was returned he was going to stare at Sam until his eyes were too heavy to keep open.

Sighing, Sam shifted until he was settled between Dean's legs. "Love... you," he whispered and darted down to drag his tongue up the length of his brother's swollen shaft. His lips kissed the tip softly, tongue lapping up the precome before he moved forward again, shifting his legs to straddle his brother's thighs once more. Hands falling to Dean's chest, fingers curling hard into his brother's flesh Sam pulled himself up Dean's body. As he slid over Dean's hard cock he moaned and stilled, settled his ass on his brother's heated flesh.

Dean's hips moved instinctively up against Sam's body and he moaned out, "love you," in return. It always made his heart clench, hearing the words, and now it sent everything vibrating through him, over sensitive and hyper aware. Dean tugged on the cloths around his wrists, body curling up slightly off the bed. "Sammy..." he murmured, head tilted back. "Kiss me."

Falling forward, catching himself at the last moment with his hands Sam slanted his mouth over Dean's, tongue gliding forward, wet and warm. Moaning softly Sam's lips moved on his brother's, Jesus Dean's lips were always so soft, so smooth, Sam bit down on Dean's tongue as it snaked forward in to his mouth and growled pulling away before Dean could react. His hips rolled up and he leaned down, sliding his hand under the pillow for the lube they kept there, "want you," he whispered before sucking Dean's ear lobe into his mouth. Sitting back, circling his hips to rub against his brother's solid cock, Sam squirted some lube on to his hand. Reaching behind him he smoothed the cool liquid over Dean's shaft, stroked once and guided the head toward his tight ring of muscle.

The feeling of Dean's cock nudging against him sent shivers down Sam's body and he braced himself by curling his fingers over Dean's hip. Sitting back he let his head fall back as Dean's cock slid slowly into him; Sam moaned and hissed in a sharp breath when the head slid inside and his body drew Dean's heat further in.

Dean's whole body sparked with pleasure and heat, humming as the thrill of Sam's tight muscles coursed along his hard flesh. "Shit," he gasped, almost completely unprepared for just how very good it felt. It was more intense, not seeing, and in his mind's eye he could picture perfectly the way Sam's body would look, arched back, sliding down onto him. Dean tugged hard on the cloths once more, groaning at the strain of his muscles before his hips jerked up, pushing him further into his brother. "God Sam... so good..." he moaned, wetting his lips slowly.

Squeezing his eyes shut Sam shuddered as he slid down slowly, Dean's slick cock working into him easily. "Dean..." Sam rocked forward on his knees - almost pulling off his brother's shaft - then rocked back reclaiming the heated flesh. God, it was so good. Reaching out a shaking hand Sam let his fingers dance across Dean's swollen lips. The next time he rolled forward he slipped his finger inside his brother's mouth shuddering as he sank back again. Just about at his wits end Sam's free hand moved to his weeping shaft and began stroking slowly. "M'gonna... come soon.." His voice was deep, gravely and soft; Dean's moans were louder, his brother's hips bucking up into him, sinking his cock harder and deeper every time.

Dean couldn't work enough air into his lungs to tell Sam he was right there with him. His body thrust as much it could up into Sam's heat, moaning as his brother met each thrust and clenched around him. Sam's voice was like fire added to the pleasure, so rich and deep, stirring up heat strong enough to make his mind spin. As Sam's finger shifted deeper into his mouth he sucked hard, dragging his teeth lightly over the skin and digging his heels into the mattress. Not even half a dozen thrusts later and his arms pulled hard on the cloth, body tensing with the force of his release slamming through him. Dean let Sam's finger fall from his mouth with a loud moan, head pressing down into the pillow as wave after wave of heat crashed over him.

His brother's cock was throbbing within him and Sam stroked once and came, he worked his shaft as his body arched and throbbed - ropes of come shot up his brother's belly and chest. Collapsing forward Sam shuddered, his body twitched as the last of his release worked through him. Groaning he reached up and fumbled with his knots, swearing under his breath as he struggled with them. Finally, he managed to get the first binding undone then started on the second one. "Hands... are shaking," he whispered and laughed softly, still panting. Dean's second hand was freed and Sam fell down beside his brother kissing Dean's neck softly.

A soft groan fell from Dean's lips as he slowly stretched his arms down, flexing the muscles gently. "Fuck that was..." he blew out a long breath and shifted into his brother, reaching out to touch him slowly. "That was the hottest fucking thing you've ever done," he murmured, small smile on his face.

Chuckling Sam grabbed the dishtowel and used it to wipe his brother's body clean, then his own. He threw it across the room and looked up at Dean's face. Finally the lines of tension were eased and Dean's eyes were softer, he looked relaxed. Threading his fingers through Dean's Sam nuzzled into his brother's neck. "Might ... need to do ..." he yawned, "more research sometime."

"Very soon," Dean agreed with a slight nod, curling into Sam's body. If this was how they spent the rest of his time being blind, well he could definitely adjust to that. But they were definitely doing this again when he could see the expressions on Sam's face. "Nap time?" He murmured, lifting a hand to his forehead to rub slightly. The stitches along the back of his head were tingling with pain from being rubbed to hard against the pillow and he groaned softly.

"Fuck... sorry," Sam shifted a little and tugged on Dean's chin turning his head so the weight wasn't on his stitches. "Sleep..." he murmured.

Part Three

Master Post