Prologue

While her family owned a few slaves, Tina had never taken part in choosing one, nor did she have any interest in one - until now. When the trader brought him, her eyes went wide immediately. He was all toned muscle, a lean but strong dancer's body, with dark hair and eyes. He looked down at the floor, submissively, while Tina's mother laughed at his side. She eyed Tina and knew that her daughter was completely taken in by the sight of him. She scoffed and shook her head.

"I think my daughter is smitten," she said, watching Tina close. "You are seventeen. I suppose it is about time you take a slave of your own Tina. Your father would probably prefer I give you one you're less attracted to, but..."

"Please mom," she managed quickly. "I promise I'll be very careful."

Her mother gave a slight nod to the trader.

Tina looked at the boy, running her fingers over his bare chest, enjoying the way his muscles tensed under her touch. Reluctantly she withdrew them though, knowing she would have plenty of time to play later. She could not believe that this was happening. "What do I call you?" she asked, running a finger over his dirty sale collar, a dingy piece of faded leather.

"Anything that pleases you, Miss," he said in a submissive yet strong voice that she adored.

"I'm asking for a name," she said tenderly but firm. She had to establish dominance, she knew.

"My name is Mike, Miss."

Chapter One 

Tina drew Mike near and unbuckled the collar around his neck. "No more of that," she said decisively. "I'm going to send away for something much nicer for you." She leaned against his shoulder and inhaled. He didn't smell that badly, all nice and cleaned up for presentation on the market; but still, he had a stale, musty scent that had to be taken care of. "Come."

He followed her to her bathroom, where she stopped and ran the bath. The tub was large and deep, a spa that fit two people easily. She poured some bath oil into it and let it fill while she examined him. "Strip," she said.

He took off his thin, worn pants and she decided she had to get him better clothing too. She could not help stare at his naked form. The slave was well endowed and left nothing else to be desired. She tried not to let it show that she was positively drooling at the sight of him. He was perfect.

"Help me with my laces," she told him, turning.

He unlaced the ties criss-crossing the back of her dress easily. She liked the feel of his fingers on her back as he opened the dress. "Go ahead, you can take it down," she said.

He gently pulled her dress down. She stepped out of it and removed her bra and panties. She got into the tub, naked and unashamed of her body. She had spent several years ashamed that she did not look like some of the beautiful women she knew, but that was over and done with for now. Tina was done with the insanity that was teenage insecurity. "Fold that, lay it aside and join me."

He did as he was told and slipped into the water beside her. She stopped the tap. He groaned softly in pleasure but masked it with a well trained face. "You will not be punished for taking pleasure in what I give," she assured. She looked into his eyes. God, he was gorgeous. She was turned on just looking into those deep eyes.

He nodded slowly. "I am sorry, Miss."

She smirked and grabbed some soap and a washcloth. She soaped the washcloth and ran it over his body. "You have a perfect form," she practically moaned. "From now on we'll keep you clean and gorgeous and perfect..."

"Yes, Miss."

She spent some more time cleaning him up and exploring his body, but she owned him and desired some attention to herself.

She slipped him the soap. "Please, Mike," she said softly. "I request your assistance getting cleaned up. I want you to touch me."

His hands were gentle, soft on her skin. "Oh Mike, that's wonderful," she said softly, leaning back and closing her eyes. She leaned back and let him touch her, his soft hands running over her shoulders, her back, down the curve of her spine. It felt delicious and she was moaning shamelessly. She turned herself around so that she was facing him. She looked over him, eyes taking him in. "You're very talented," she said sweetly.

His eyes lowered. "Thank you, Miss."

She lifted his gaze. "My name is Tina," she said softly. "Do you think you'd feel comfortable using that when you can? Miss and Ma’am are sweet but I like my name, quite a bit.”

He nodded slowly. "Tina," he said softly.

She groaned softly. “You’re good at touching a woman Mike,” she said. “Do you have experience?”

His face tensed. It was a question he wasn’t too prepared to answer. “Not much, Mi- Tina,” he said softly.

“This is surprising,” she said. He was as inexperienced as she was but he was definitely good at touching. Slaves were not allowed to be marketed as sexual objects, but it was obvious when they were. Mike was gorgeous. The slaver had obvious intents in him, so it was strange that he didn’t have any official training in how to please her. “Come, let’s get out. As much as I want more of that touch, I don’t want it here.”

She laid the boy back against her bed. He was wet and so was she, but Tina did not mind in the slightest. He was kind of beautiful and nothing else in the world but he mattered for that moment. He looked at her with big, innocent eyes. She kind of liked that. It wasn’t that she wasn’t innocent; it was just that her status afforded her some confidence with him. She wasn’t a virgin or anything, no she had lost that to Artie last year, before she had grown bored with him, but still she had not experienced much.

She ran her hand over his chest, focusing on his abs. “God,” she said shaking her head in disbelief. He had one of the most gorgeous bodies she had ever seen. “You are the hottest thing ever, and I think you know that.”

Mike looked away from her gaze and she pulled it back with a finger on his chin. “Come on,” she said. “I think that even with your status, you know it, how gorgeous you are.”

“I’ve been told, from time to time, Tina,” he said, forcefully using her name. It was a strain for him to do so, but he did it to please her. That had her more desperate and aroused than ever. She bit her bottom lip.

“I think that now that you’re mine, you’re going to hear that more and more.”

Her eyes wandered down between his legs. She reached out delicately and stroked him. He wasn’t huge, but well proportioned and just too hot to resist. “I’ve never done this to a boy before,” she said. “My first time wasn’t very…interesting. He was kind of just excited to have sex. I guess I was too. That’s what happens when you’re sixteen I guess.” She stroked him experimentally; hand on him, a little bit rough.

He bit his lip hard to stop from moaning. She giggled.

“You’re so cute,” she said softly. “What’s the furthest you’ve gone, sexually Mike?”

“I…haven’t, miss,” he mumbled quietly. “There was never the time, nor the opportunity.”

Tina smiled. “Oh good,” she said. “I don’t want sex yet Mike, as I don’t have condoms, and I promised my mother that I would be a good girl; but when we finally do, it’s going to blow your mind, I swear it to you.”

He moaned finally, looking shamed, leaning up on his elbows. He was hard, desperate and she found that perfection. “Sit up against the headboard,” she said, and of course, he obeyed. She crawled backwards between his legs, naked, and couldn’t help wiggle a bit against his erection for good measure. It was cold, so she found a blanket. She took his hand in hers, marveling at how big it was. “So big,” she mumbled, tracing her fingers over the back of his hand and reaching down to put his hand between her legs.

“I think you’ll do perfect, when you already do that to me,” she said, very gently moving his fingers to the right spot. “Here,” she said. “Do what feels natural, darling.”

He very gently rubbed his fingers over that spot, in a slow, gentle motion. He had a very good touch, a gentle, but confident touch. He was insanely eager to please. She gently guided him to put his fingers in her, slipping into the wet heat there. “Fuck yes, like that,” she said, losing control of her mouth for a moment. She rocked against his touch as he got into a slow rhythm, fingers rubbing over her clit and then sliding into her, slowly. He seemed to get into what he was doing, responding to her body though he had never done this before. She rocked into his fingers, gasping and groaning. “Oh god,” she breathed softly. “Please keep doing that.”

Tina reached orgasm pretty fast, tensing and gasping.

She turned around in his arms, pressed right against him. “We both need sleep,” she said delicately, with a sweet smile. “But I swear, tomorrow, love, I am going to…rock your world, change everything.”