The Stargate was lit up and John sat at the controls of the jumper (he just could not think of it as a gate ship), smiling. He’d call this mission an unqualified success. Well, okay, yes, so there had been a few misunderstandings and bumps along the way, but the first treaty between Leiath and Earth had just been signed and now John was going as liaison to help broker a trade agreement between the Earthlings and the Athosians. A first step may have just been taken towards fulfilling a prophecy that called for the final defeat of the Wraith. John didn’t even know if he’d live to see that day or if it would bear fruit far into the future but either way he still felt a gentle awe he would never, ever share with another soul that he was part of this; part of this future.

And he got to fly the jumper which was just…so cool.

“You’re grinning like an idiot you know,” Rodney scowled at John as he stood behind him.

“I’m just happy that we managed to negotiate a treaty between our two peoples,” John said, going for humble.

“Bull shit. You’re just happy you get to fly the gate ship,” John could feel Rodney rolling his eyes behind him.

“Well, that too…” John gave up trying to restrain the grin (although he did restrain the whoop of joy) as the jumper rose, smooth in the air, and then moved down through a hole in the flooring that had opened, descending into the gate room below. The jumper positioned itself before the shimmering gate and John shot a grin back at Rodney while he heard the voice of Elizabeth Weir come through his ear piece. “Gate team, you have a go. Good luck with your mission.”

“Acknowledged,” Ford responded and, after a glance to make sure the rest of the team was secured, turned to grin at Sheppard from his own seat. “Good to go Sheppard.”

“All right then,” John expanded his mind and felt the machine practically purr at him as it happily began volunteering just what it could do. All of Atlantis had been doing that more and more over the past few days, as John had gotten more used to the whispers in his mind and begun to experiment with whispering back. Some of it had been amusing; such as shutting that door in Rodney’s face when he’d been nagging John about touching stuff again. Some of it had been awe inspiring, the feeling of something vast and brilliant, slowly waking up to John’s presence.

John was going to have to figure out a tactful way to tell the people of Atlantis that their city seemed to be in love with him.

But he’d save that for another day. Just fly for now, baby, he whispered back to it with a mental caress and the ship shot forward, straight as an arrow through the Stargate and into a bright, endless summer day.