A Fun Weekend Camping Trip
byapplevalyan©

Last weekend I was suppose to work, but one of my fellow employees had to have next weekend off so we swapped weekends. Valerie had made plans to do a little grocery shopping and do a little flower garden work around the yard. When I came home Friday evening and told her I didn't have to work she was happy that I could hang around the house all weekend but I really didn't want to but I didn't tell her that.

At the breakfast table Saturday morning I got a brainstorm and asked her that since it was such a nice weekend. How would she like to go camping overnight at the beach? She perked right up and said she would love to. I called the campground to see if any spots were available for tonight. There were so I made a reservation. Valerie said that since we were going for the night only, we would stop by the supermarket near there and get a couple of steaks to grill for supper and some ice and drinks.

I went outside to hook up the old pop-up camper and check the tires and lights for safety. Val packed a few things for her and me in one overnight bag. The camper already had some canned goods, towels, linens, silverware, and paper plate in it.

We also leave couple board games, an AM/FM radio, and small TV in it. I asked what she packed for me. She said she put in a couple shorts, a big t-shirt, a couple tank tops, and one pair of black bikini underwear. I asked what the underwear was for since we usually don't pack any for either of us when we go off. She said I needed something to wear when we laid out on the sands of the beach to get a little sun.

I asked what she was going to wear on the beach. She said she brought her white mesh thong panty and her tinny white gauze bikini top. She was wearing her short heather gray string tank dress [And I do mean short. This thing just covers her ass by a couple inches.] She said she also brought along her new sexy cut-off jean shorts she made a couple weeks ago [Which I haven't see on her yet.] and a thin top to wear with them and a couple large t-shirts to wear around the campsite.

We arrive about noon and check in. Luckily our favorite site is open, so we get it and back our pop-up in. Val decides to go get the few groceries we need as I set up the camper. As she bends over to get a couple things out of the back of the pickup, half her ass bares itself to the would. As she get in the truck I tell her to be careful when she bends over in that dress or half the store will see her ass. She just smiles and pulls the dress from under her ass as she gets behind the wheel. She throws me a kiss and says that a girl has to have a little fun now and then.

I got back to raising the camper as soon as Val left. A man about my age was coming from the restroom and went to a tent across the road from our site. He asked if I would like some help. I said, "Sure, if you want to, but I could do it myself if needed." He said he didn't mind. He was a bit board just sitting around and needed something to do. I asked if he was alone, he said he was. He said it was such a nice weekend that he didn't want to say home alone all weekend. He said his wife and son had to gone to see her mother for a week, her mother had been sick a couple weeks and she when to help out.

After finishing setting up the camper, I asked Ron if he would like a Pepsi. He accepted and sat on the picnic table as we talked. He was wearing and old baggy pair of shorts and I noticed he had no underwear on because he was hanging out a bit. This didn't bother me but it did give me a great idea. I told him that he was hanging out and he started to apologize but I told him it was all right and that I had an idea how we could have some fun if he would go along with my idea. I smiled as he told me to tell him about it.

I said that it involved exposing himself to my wife a couple times but to make it look like an accident. He said he could do it as long as my wife wouldn't call the cops or go berserk. I said that wouldn't be problem and that more than likely she would enjoy a flash. He agreed to do it. So we agreed to a signal from me as to when to start. He mentioned that the also had brought along an old pair of jogging shorts his wife had removed the lining from and that he hung out of those easily. I said they sounded perfect and to go put them on. He appeared from the tent and he was right, they were very loose and very short. He sat down and everything fell out. Val would definitely get an eyeful from those shorts. I told him she would love those and to get ready because she should be back soon. Ron got in his lounger and started to read the newspaper just as Val returned.

Valerie noticed Ron and said it looked like we had a cute neighbor. I shrugged and said, "If you say so." I took everything in the camper but a 2-liter soft drink. I asked Val to get it and if she felt like it give the guy next door a look at her ass. She smiled saying she would love to. I had left the bottle far enough from the tailgate she had to reach in to get it. I watched Ron from inside as she bent in to get it. His head snapped around, mouth opened, and eyes bugged out as her bare ass came to view. Val got the drink and came inside asking if saw, and all I said was, "Oh, Yea." I grabbed some chips and a drink and said I was going to sit at the picnic table and for her to join me. I sat with my back to Ron and Val sat across from me facing him.

Val started to tell me about some guy she flashed at the store. She said she purposely got a 2-liter Pepsi off the top shelf so her dress would come up. She said it got the guys attention immediately. She then leaned over the handles to put the 2-liter on the bottom; she said she could fill the stores air conditioning on her bare ass. She said she looked back as she straightened up and seen he was staring, so she gave him a smile. She said she came upon him again a few minutes later in the produce aisle and dropped an orange in front of him. She said she squatted down spreading her legs and giving him a clear look up her dress to her hairless pussy as she picked it up. She said she looked him in the eyes and smiled as she was squatting. His eyes were starring right between her legs. She said that when she went around the corner out of his sight. She touched her pussy and it was getting wet. She said she fingered herself most of the way back to the camper.

After a couple minutes I gave Ron the signal. A few seconds later Valerie giggled and said he got up and everything was hanging out. I said, "So, what do you want me to do about it." She said, "Nothing, I want to watch and see if it happens again." Then she said he was sitting at the picnic table and his dick and both balls were hanging out and he wasn't even making an attempt to cover up. I asked her if she wanted me to ask him to cover up. She said, "Don't you dare. I'm enjoying this, It's not very often I get a chance to see a strangers dick and not a bad one at that."

A short time later I noticed her hand disappear beneath the table. I asked if she was playing with herself. She said she was and I asked her if I should slide over so the guy could see what she was doing. She shook her head so I slid over a couple feet. Val said he finally noticed her playing with her pussy and started playing with himself as well and was getting hard. I decided to change my plans a bit; I 'accidentally on purpose' spilled my drink on Valerie. I told her to go get the wet dress off and to put one of my large tank tops so her tits would hang out ass well.

When Val came out of the camper, the top she had on was about the same length as her dress but the armholes came to her waist on the sides, causing both tits to be about half out. If she bent over you could see both her tits completely. I stood up and turn her sideways to Ron as I gave her a kiss and grabbed a tit. She put both arms around my neck and kissed back hard, [she was getting horny!] I then reached down and cupped her half exposed ass. I then sat down at the table and pulled her to me. I sucked on one of her tits and put a finger in a very wet pussy as she turn to look at Ron watching us.

I then motioned Ron over and told Valerie meet Ron. I told Val I had meet Ron when she went to town and I hoped she enjoyed the show we set up. She said that she had and asked if she could get a closer look at what she seen across the road. Ron said sure and stood beside her as he pulled his shorts to the side. Val reached up asked if she could touch. Of course Rod said yes. Val put her hand around the hardening dick and started to stroke it. I told Ron that Valerie was a bit of an exhibitionist and like to show off. And if he noticed how easily I was able to what I wanted to do to her in front of him. He smiled and said, "Well, you see what it did to me. Pointed to his hard-on Val was squeezing.

It was a good 8 inches when Val opened her mouth to enjoy it then Ron pulled away! He told Val he had never cheated on his wife and didn't want to start now. Val was disappointed, she had one hand around his dick and another squeezing one of her tits she had taken out. I told Val that since he had showed her his unit, she should show him her unit. Valerie smiled saying she would love to. She released the hold on his dick and removed her top in one move. She then spread the top across the end of the picnic table and laid on top of the table. She was now naked at 3 pm in a public campground and spreading her legs and pussy for us to look at. All right guys look all you want, she said, touch if you like. Ron reached for her tits and I sunk 2 fingers in a wet pussy. Valerie grabbed Ron's hard dick again and started to pump him saying to him, "If I can't have you inside me, I want you to cum on my tits." In a couple minutes he did just that. I fingered Val to orgasm about the same time.

Ron sat down on side of the table and my total naked wife sat next to him. I walked in front of her and unzipped my fly releasing my hard-on and in seconds, Valerie had me in her mouth. She drained me dry in minutes, as Ron watched not 3 feet away. I then sat on the other side of her and both Ron and I started sucking on her tits and fingering her to another orgasm.

Val surprised me a bit by remaining naked the rest of the afternoon and evening. Now this is a public campground but I don't think anybody noticed because most of the sites at this campground are almost private because of the thick underbrush and bushes. Ron remained for grilled steaks but his campsite was empty when we awoke the next morning.

We decided to walk down the beach to McDonalds for a quick breakfast. Val put on a thin yellow stretch tank top [which I could easily make out her brown nipple area thru it] and her very short low-rise cut off jeans she made. I loved the way the cheeks of her ass were hanging out. The sides were only 4 or 5 inches wide and as I seen later, the inseam of the shorts was only an inch or so wide and failed to completely cover her pussy. I had gone to the bathroom and upon returning to our table I looked underneath and she was pussy was open for anyone to see. I told her that and she said she had thought so because a couple of men came out of the bathroom before I went in and they also stared under the table. She got a couple looks from the girls behind the counter at McDonalds but nobody complained.

Val wanted to walk the ½ mile back to the campground along the highway. She told me not to walk behind her because I would block her ass from view as people drove by. I bet at least a dozen horns honked as they passed and Val waved to every one of them.

On the way to the campsite, Val said it was time I put on our underwear and walked down to the beach to get a little sun. I put the black bikini underwear she had bought for me to wear. They actually fit pretty good. They were only about 2 inches wide at the side and my package made a fairly impressive bulge in them. Val liked them and gave my crotch a squeeze. I told her to stop or I'd be popping out of them soon. She laughed and said she would like to see that happen. I said we could do it later but not now. I reached for some shorts to slide on and Val said no way! All I could take with me was a towel to lie on and not to cover up with it. And that if I was a good boy she would show her appreciation later. I couldn't argue with her because she looked so damn hot in her little white mesh thong and gauze bikini top. She tossed her towel over her shoulder grabbed my hand and said let's go. I put my towel over my shoulder and we walked hand in hand to the beach.

We spread out our towels and put lotion on each other being sure to touch and tease as much as we could. Valerie actually pulled my underwear down a bit and lotioned up my dick and balls a couple minutes and guess what? We couldn't get me back in the bikini underwear until it calmed down a bit. I thought it best if I got on my stomach a while. Valerie then pulled down the back of my bottoms and lotioned up my ass. While Val was rubbing my ass I reached around and pulled the string on her top. It came loose and hung straight down releasing her puppies. She continued to rub the lotion in on my ass and didn't even try to cover them up. This really didn't surprise me at all. She loves to show them off in public when given the chance.

We got enough sun so we went back to the site to get ready to leave. Val took off her clothes outside the camper and put on the big tank top she had on last night. We put everything away and folded up the camper. Since we were sweaty we decided to shower before we left. I was still in my underwear as per Val's request but surprised her as I removed them and folded the towel in half and wrapped it around me to go to the showers. It was only a couple hundred feet to the restrooms and showers. Val followed me into the men's side. She wanted to take a coed shower. We washed each other and we ended up fucking in the shower of course. Valerie wrapped the towel around herself as we left and I carried her shirt. A man came in as we were leaving, Val made sure her towel slipped, flashing the guy one of her tits. We laughed about that all the way to the truck. We climbed in wearing just our towels and headed home.

Val removed hers before we got out of the campground and remained that way until we got to the house. She slid up next to me as I drove home. I bet a hundred people must have seen her sitting there topless, because most vehicles the people couldn't see her bottom so they didn't know she was naked. But a couple big trucks sure did! She had my dick out and in her hands all the way home. She kept me hard most of the way home. Every time I started to shrink, she'd bend over and suck me hard again.

After backing the camper to the spot we keep it. Val slid me over to the center of the front seat and straddled me. We had never had sex in the front seat of my pick-up before and today we had it in the front driveway of my house. I really enjoyed this weekend.
