The following is a work of fiction consisting of adult concepts and 
possibly sex.
Do not read if you are not legally permitted. I dont want the police 
on my front doorstep.
You are welcome to read but please dont distribute without my 
permission.
Feel free to make any comments to the author.
Send E-Mail to dalech33@hotmail.com

Cheerleader Blues III

Reginald Pendergrast was exhausted. He had spent nearly fourteen hours 
at school and he was glad to finally be home. He threw his briefcase 
onto the kitchen table and loosened his tie as he walked into his 
bedroom. He removed his tie and was about to walk to the bed to open 
the wardrobe when he noticed it was already open.
That was his first shock.
The second was spying the young blonde girl standing in front of the 
open doors. She was clad in a leather dominatrix outfit and held a 
whip in her right hand. He watched her take a few steps towards him 
then stand on her 6-inch stiletto heels with her legs slightly apart. 

Who are you? asked the slightly startled Principal.

Shut up, she growled and cracked the whip for emphasis.

Reginald found that he was growing hard as the young woman glared at 
him.
She looked him up and down then cracked her whip again.

Strip slave, she demanded.

Reginald Pendergrast, Principal of Piedmont High and teacher for over 
25 years started to undress.


Coach Baxter was sitting in a bar, nursing his fifth beer for the 
night. There was not much point in going home, his wife had decided to 
cut him off. Was it his fault that he preferred anal sex to normal 
sex? Well yes it probably was but if she had just kept herself in 
shape then he wouldnt have to fuck her in the arse just too get some 
sort of sensation. But she claimed it was just too painful and had cut 
him off entirely. 
Bitch.
He had always liked anal sex really. He loved the feeling of sliding 
into a tight arse. But he wasnt gay.
Nope.
No way.
None of that faggoty stuff for him. Sure some of the boys in his gym 
classes had nice firm, tight arses but he would never think about 
fucking them. 
Well not often anyway.
Okay there was that one time that he had sex with a male student but 
that hardly counted. He almost looked like a girl anyway. And he was 
obviously gay. After all, the boy had cum just from being pumped in 
the arse.
There was no way Coach Baxter would allow himself to be fucked in the 
arse like that so that meant he was definitely not gay.
Just because he liked to fuck arses and have his cock sucked by either 
sex didnt make him gay.
He drained his glass and signalled for another drink when he felt 
someone sit down beside him. He turned and saw it was that girl that 
he fucked in the gym the other night. No wait a second, it was the 
other one. Damn it was hard to tell twins apart. Especially as he was 
on his sixth beer for the night.

Youre a bit young to be in here arent you? he asked.

I only came in here because I knew you would be here.

Is that a fact? And why do you want to see me?

Well its about the other night.

What about it? His beer arrived and he took a sip before returning 
his attention the girl.

Well you left before I could get a taste of that cock of yours.

You should have said something then. He took another sip and noticed 
a young man sitting beside him. He appeared to be paying attention to 
the conversation.

Can I help you buddy?

No, its okay. Im with her.

Baxter turned back to the girl who was now smiling up at him.

Is that true?

Yes. His name is Clifford. He wants to join us.

Us?

Yes us. You do want to fuck my arse dont you?

I dont do guys.

Thats not what we heard, said Clifford. He gave the coach a sly 
grin.

We heard you liked to fuck guys too. Especially young guys like 
Clifford here. How about it Coach? You want to fuck us both? We could 
go back to Cliffords place. His folks are away for the week. We could 
spend the whole night sucking and fucking. What do you say Coach?

Coach Baxter didnt know what to say. It was a very tempting offer. He 
drank some more of his beer while he thought it over. His head felt a 
little fuzzy from the alcohol and it was hard to think properly but he 
did know one thing for sure.
He was horny as hell.

Okay, what the fuck. He finished his beer in one gulp. Lets go.


Stacy was really beginning to enjoy herself. After Principal 
Pendergrast had stripped she had made him put on a collar and leash. 
Then she had ordered him to get on all fours and she led him around 
the room like a dog. Every now and then she would give him a quick 
whip across the buttocks, leaving a red mark with every lash. She 
noticed that this excited him immensely, judging by the raging hard-on 
that he was sporting. She went to the wardrobe and swapped the whip 
for a riding crop. 

What are you going to do with that? asked Pendergrast, obviously 
excited by the possibilities.

I am going to ride you around for a while. My legs are tired. And you 
better move at a good pace too or you will feel this crop on your 
arse.

The Principal smiled as he felt the young woman climb onto his back.

Come on slave, take me for a ride.

Yes Mistress.


Coach Baxter wasnt entirely sure but he thought he was in the back of 
a taxi. He was having trouble focusing. His vision was blurred and 
everything appeared to have a dream like quality. He slowly moved his 
head to look at the young couple sitting beside him. They appeared to 
be watching him and talking to each other.

Is it working Clifford?

I think so. He looks pretty out of it.

You sure do come in handy sometimes. Where did you find that drug?

I read about it in a newspaper article about date rape. Its called 
******** (censored because author doesnt want people using this drug 
and then blaming him). First time I heard about it being used on a man 
though.

What does it do to him? Will he pass out?

Eventually. But for now he is pretty much at our will.

Good. This is going to be so much fun.

The words made no sense to Baxter. It was just gibberish in a sea of 
apathy. He didnt give a stuff about anything and when the girl 
reached over and pinched him he didnt feel a thing.

So will he remember any of this?

No, not a thing.

And he wont feel anything?

Not while hes drugged. Maybe when he comes too.

Can he get an erection while hes drugged?

I doubt it. But dont quote me on that.

Well there is only one way to find out. Swap places with me.

The two partners in crime swapped over and Tracy placed her hand on 
the coachs crotch. She started to gently rub her hand up and down.

Is it working?

No, not at all. I will have to try direct contact.

She unzipped the coachs pants and pulled out his cock. Even flaccid 
it was a big cock. She started to stroke it, trying to get some life 
out of it. It was all to no avail. The coachs cock was as lifeless as 
the English Test team.

Damn, not a thing. You try it Clifford.

Who me?

Do you see any other Cliffords in here?

Well I was hoping the driver might have been named Clifford.

Is your name Clifford? Tracy asked the Taxi driver but, as detailed 
in the international rules governing Taxi and Cab drivers, he could 
speak no English and just muttered a reply in an obscure accent.

See? He said his name was Clifford and he wont do it either. 
Clifford was grasping at straws here.

He did not. For all you know he could have been asking you if you 
wanted to buy his goat. Now just do it will you? I want to see if guys 
get him hard.

Tracy climbed over Coach Baxter and sat on the other side of him, 
allowing Clifford to get close to him.

Go on Clifford, just touch him.

Jesus, the things I do for you. Muttered Clifford. He cautiously 
reached over and touched the coachs dick. He was surprised to see it 
jump under his touch.

There see? It worked Clifford. Keep going.

Clifford looked up at her.

You cant be serious.

I want to see you get it hard. Do it for me Clifford. Please?

Shit. Thats not fair, you know I would do anything for you.

Then do this.

Clifford looked back down at the cock then slowly took it in hand. He 
started to stroke it and was pleased to see it start to swell.

Get it really hard Clifford. As hard as you can.

Why? Are you going to fuck him?

I might. Does that upset you Clifford?

No, he lied. He hated to admit it but he was falling for Tracy. He 
decided to do it just because it would make her happy. Clifford went 
back to work on Coach.

Is that as hard as you can get it Clifford? It doesnt look very 
hard.

It must be the drug. It just wont get any bigger.

Try sucking it.

What? Clifford looked at her with his mouth wide open.

Suck it. I do it for you.

But thats different. If you had a dick I would suck it for you too 
but this is Coach.

Please Clifford. I really want this.

Oh God. I cant believe I am even considering this.

Come on Clifford. If I mean anything at all to you then youll suck 
his dick.

Clifford bent down and opened his mouth to take in the coachs cock. 
His breath played over the tip and that was all it needed. It sprung 
to attention, banging off Cliffords teeth.

Yay Clifford, you did it. Now move back so I can do him. Tracy 
quickly shucked off her panties and climbed on top Coach. She slowly 
eased herself down on it, taking her time to get every inch inside 
her.
Clifford sat back and watched. He could feel himself getting hard as 
he watched Tracy slide up and down on Coachs big dick. He glanced at 
the driver and saw that he was watching them in the rear view mirror. 
He thought about making a comment but decided that he couldnt be 
bothered. He turned back to watch Tracy but noticed she had stopped.

Shit.

Whats wrong Tracy?

Hes going soft again.

Damn. Thats a real shame. Clifford tried hard to keep the sarcasm 
out of his voice but failed miserably.

I know. And I am really horny now too. She looked at Clifford and 
noticed the bulge in his pants.

Uh oh, I know that look. Clifford did indeed know that look. It 
usually meant he was about to get laid.

Get it out Clifford. Lets fuck.


Stacy had the Principal strapped to the bed with leather straps. She 
had just applied clips to his nipples and was now hovering over his 
balls with another one.

Are you ready Slave? Principle Pendergrast had asked her to call him 
slave and she was all for it. She had discovered that she liked 
torturing people in a sexual way. In fact she was getting wet with 
every passing moment.

Yes Mistress. Pendergrast was having a great time. He moaned out 
loud as his leather clad mistress applied the metal clip to his balls.

There, that should hold you for now. Now you have to do something for 
me. She got up onto the bed and positioned herself over Pendergrasts 
face. With a flick of a buckle her leather panties came free and her 
pussy was dripping over delectable juices onto the principals mouth.

Lick me slave. She lowered herself onto the Principals face and 
squeaked with delight as his tongue went to work on her.


Clifford was in ecstasy. Tracy was pounding up and down on his cock 
and moaning the way that she does when she is about to cum. Coach 
Baxter was sitting next to them like a zombie with his dick hanging 
out of his pants. And the Taxi driver was driving with only one hand 
on the wheel. They where a rolling orgy.
Tracy grabbed Cliffords head and pulled it against her breasts as she 
came, her pussy pulsing and clamping down on his cock. 
It was all too much for Clifford and he came with her, shooting his 
cum into her as deeply as he could.
They held each other for a while then Tracy turned to see how close 
they were to their destination.

Come on Clifford, we are nearly there. Let me up.

No.

What do you mean no?

I want to stay inside you forever.

Wont that make it difficult to get around?

I dont care. Tracy, I love you.

You do?

Yes.

Umm thats nice.

Nice? Is that all it is? Just nice?

Well I dont know what to say Clifford.

Well how about saying I love you too.

You want me to lie too you?

Okay, forget I said anything.

We will talk about it later okay? Were here. She jumped off 
Clifford and turned to the driver.

How much do we owe you?

The driver made some strange noises and pointed to Tracys discarded 
panties.

Is that all you want? Cool. Tracy handed her panties to the driver 
who placed them against his nose and breathed deeply. His smile said 
it all.


Principal Pendergrasts bedroom was filled with moaning and slurping 
sounds. Stacy was holding the head of the bed for support as she 
ground her pussy onto the Principals face. 
Pendergrasts face was covered in fluids. He was trying his best to 
make his Mistress happy with his tongue. He just hoped he would be 
rewarded for his efforts. Sexually this was not doing anything for 
him; he was getting pleasure from serving his Mistress. Reginald 
Pendergrast was not interested in normal sex with normal girls. He was 
more interested in strange sex with strange men. But he also liked to 
be dominated by either sex. And that was exactly what he was getting. 
He twisted his hips, causing the clip on his balls to bite into them, 
sending excruciating but pleasurable pain shooting through his body.

Oh what a good slave you are. Keep licking my pussy. Make your 
Mistress happy. Stacy was close to the last in a long line of orgasms 
when a voice behind her brought her back to reality.

Are you having fun there Stacy?

Stacy whirled around to see her twin sister and Clifford standing in 
the doorway of the bedroom.

Could you come back in about half an hour? Im a little busy right 
now.

Well we could but you know who will be sober by then.

Who are they talking about Mistress? asked Pendergrast from below.

Your reward slave.

My reward is here?

Yes slave. Now be quiet. There is something your Mistress must tell 
you. She slid down and sat at the foot of the bed, looking back up at 
her newfound slave.

I want to be a cheerleader. And you are going to make me one.

But that is a school matter. I dont discuss school when I am at 
home.

Well today you will. Clifford, grab the gear and get his reward ready 
will you?

Clifford went to the wardrobe and grabbed a contraption consisting of 
leather straps and buckles. He then left the room with Tracy in tow.

Now then slave, back to business. I want to be a cheerleader. She 
caressed the ball clip as she spoke. Are you going to make me one?

I cant discuss this here. Its a school matter.

Stacy gave the clip a twist, causing Pendergrast to breathe in 
sharply.

How about now? Have you changed your mind?

No. Are you going to do that again? he asked eagerly.

Stacy realised that this method was going nowhere. He liked this sort 
of thing too much. She got up and walked to the door.

Youre not leaving are you?

Well there is nothing I can do to change your mind. So I might as 
well go.

No wait. Lets talk about this.

Stacy smiled as she turned back to the bed.

So you have reconsidered?

I cant just give every student what they want. Its just not right.

But I am not just any student, Im your Mistress. And not every 
student can give you what I am about to give you.

What are you going to give me?

Can I be a cheerleader?

Yes you can be a cheerleader. I will arrange it with Coach Baxter 
tomorrow. Now what is my reward?

Stacy called out to her sister in the other room. Is he ready?

Yes, all set.

Stacy walked back over to the bed and grabbed her panties. She wrapped 
them around Pendergrasts head, effectively blindfolding him.

Now just be patient. Ok bring him in.

Reginald could hear movement in the room followed by the sound of 
rattling chains and straining bodies. Then he felt hands on his bonds 
and before he knew it he was free. He was helped off the bed and the 
blindfold was removed from his eyes.

Oh my. Is that for me?

It certainly is slave.

Coach Baxter was naked and bound in a harness, suspended over the bed. 
His legs hung down, revealing his bare arse to the Principal.

Hes all yours slave. Enjoy yourself. And I will see you tomorrow in 
school. Stacy was pulling on a coat as she spoke, covering up her 
outfit. She turned to her sister and Clifford.

Ready to go?

Tracy nodded and they turned to go.

Lets see how Coach Baxter likes having his arse pumped for a 
change. Stacy smiled at the thought of gaining revenge on him.

The trio walked out of the room as Principal Pendergrast enjoyed his 
reward.


Tracy and Clifford were in bed, relaxing after a prolonged bout of 
lovemaking.

So Clifford, did you enjoy that?

Yes I did. How about you?

Yes Clifford I did. I always enjoy screwing you.

But you dont love me.

Clifford I admit, I do have feelings for you, but I dont think it is 
love. Yet.

Well I guess it will have to do for now.  I wonder how Stacy went on 
her date.

Stacy had been a cheerleader for exactly a week before Angus had asked 
her out. Tonight she and Angus had gone to a movie and dinner. Stacy 
had made no secret of her intent to fuck Angus at least once during 
their date.

I doubt we will see her before morning Clifford. She will spend the 
night with him. Stacy went through a lot to get Angus.

The door to the bedroom burst open, revealing one very mad Stacy.

I dont fucking believe it! she yelled and plonked herself down on 
Tracys bed.

Oh what a surprise. You too are screwing again. Why dont you two get 
a room?

I thought we did, muttered Clifford.

So how was the date Tracy? Did you screw Angus? Tracy was curious as 
to why her twin sister was back so soon.

If you could call it screwing.

Ok what happened?

Oh it was great. We saw a movie, we had dinner at McDonalds, the 
cheap fuck. Then we went back to his place. We went to his room. We 
got undressed. We got into bed. He stuck his dick in me, thrust a 
total of three, count them three, times then came. And then that 
arsehole rolled over and went to sleep. I dont fucking believe it. I 
had to audition for cheerleader try-outs, fuck two teachers, dominate 
a school principal and set up the coach of the football team to get 
sodomised for two minutes of pathetic sex.

She looked at her sister.

Are you laughing at me?

No, said Tracy, trying to stifle her giggles.

You better not be. I am really pissed off right now.

Of course you are, and I sympathise, really I do. Tracy was close to 
hysterical laughter now. Clifford had pulled the sheets over his head 
but the whole bed was trembling as he tried to laugh quietly.

You are laughing arent you? You bastards.

Stacy stormed out of the room, slamming the door behind her. Clifford 
pulled the sheet down and looked up at Tracy.
They dissolved into laughter.


