This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

I Dream of Demie 23 - The Aftermath (MF, magic, mc, nc)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

I floated in darkness, disembodied, bereft of myself.

Demie and I had been forced to kiss by the mind control power of her brother, Eros, who had somehow been trapped in a Playstation 4 as the video game Eroji.

Someone was screaming. I couldn't hear it so much as feel it. Anger...no, anguish. If I still had my heart, it would hurt to hear this sound.

It was Demie! I had never heard her like that before.

Then the screaming was over and I continued to float. I felt cold. Wasn't Hell hot? Oh, no, I guess if Milton was to be believed, certain circles of Hell were frozen. Which circle of Hell would I be going to, I wondered.

Then I was pulled somewhere...no someONE. How could someone be a place? Anyway, I was pulled there.

I gasped, air rushing back into my lungs. My body felt so cold! I saw Demie's face moving back...had she been kissing me again? The look on her face...I'd never seen her concerned before.

"Oh, thank Satan..." she said. "I didn't know if that would work."

Then I lost consciousness.

---

I was laying in bed, and someone was riding my cock. It was dark so it was hard to tell who it was. I leaned forward to grasp smaller breasts with tiny nipples. They seemed familiar...

My lover leaned forward and I could see the rest of her slim form, as well as her red hair. Jessi? She had been the first woman Demie had brought home to share, what seemed so long ago, and...

"Are you gonna cum inside me, Tom?" she asked. "I'm fertile right now, just like Demie told you..."

Wait, I wanted to say, but I couldn't make a sound. I saw a dark, womanly shape come up behind the slim redhead. Demie! No!

Demie turned Jessi's head toward her and kissed her. I felt Jessi's dying orgasm clamp down on my cock...

And then I was in a washroom, standing and sawing my cock into a blonde woman's pussy as she bent over the sink. I looked into the mirror and saw Carrie's face looking back at me with lust. I had worked with Carrie until...

The washroom door opened and Demie stepped in. I wanted to shout, to stop the demoness, but I could only continue to fuck Carrie's pussy. Demie bent down to Carrie's face and kissed her. Once again, my dying lover's pussy clamped down on my cock.

And then I was fucking the voluptuous, brown-haired Mrs. Chesler, the mother of the witch Kate's current body, on a bed in the hospital. I was getting close. Demie had told me I had knocked up the older woman, and that the demon had...

The curtain that hid us from sight was pushed to the side. Demie was there, dressed like a nurse, though not in scrubs like a real nurse, but one from a porno movie, with a tight, short white dress, white stockings, pumps, and a white hat with a red cross on it.

"What is going on here?" she demanded.

"Demie..." I managed to get out. I was going to cum...

"What a naughty woman you are, getting your ripe womb filled up with my boyfriend's sperm, Mrs. Chesler. I think it's time for your medicine."

"...no..." I whispered. I couldn't stop thrusting. So close...

Demie bent down and kissed the older woman. As Mrs. Chesler's vaginal muscles tensed up in an extreme, final orgasm, my balls finally gave up and I blasted her fertile insides. My boys would never have a chance to reach her egg this time.

Then Demie and I were there in front of Eroji, her brother Eros in video game form. 'Kiss the player to your left for 30 seconds' showed on screen. Demie and I turned to each other, and instead of fear I felt elation that I was finally going to kiss my lover. Our lips came together and then I woke up.

---

I was in a motel room. They pretty much all look the same, but I was reasonably certain that it was the same motel that we had visited the day before, just a different room.

I sat up, but my pounding head immediately made me regret that. I slumped back. "What...happened?" I groaned.

Demie stepped forward and held up two halves of a Blu-ray disc that had been snapped apart. "Got him."

"Oh shit! Nice one. But...how?"

She sat down next to me on the bed. "He made us kiss, and I took your soul. Normally I would have had to go back to Hell with you in tow, only...something else happened...I..."

She looked confused, almost vulnerable. I took her hand. She squeezed it and took a breath. "You know I eat life force -- souls -- killing people to take theirs. All of a sudden I was filled with power...your soul...and I was able to fight off Eros' control. Then I smashed him." She dropped the pieces of the broken DVD on the side table.

She turned to me. "I don't know why your soul didn't go straight to Hell, but I could feel you...still inside me...and I thought that if I kissed you -- your body -- again, maybe...anyway, somehow I was able to return your soul to your body."

I don't know why, but I knew what Demie needed. I pulled her down to me and hugged her.

"Oh, Tom! I thought I'd lost you...I...why...why am I crying?"

I pulled back to look at her. Sure enough, wet tears were streaming down her face. One drop touched my lips and I tasted salt, not the spiced rum flavor that normally exuded from her body.

"What is happening?" she cried.

After holding Demie for a while, she calmed down and I called the motel office asking if they'd seen Kate. I didn't know why she had disappeared when Eros did...whatever the hell he had done...but if she wasn't at Eros' house then this was the next logical place. They hadn't seen her.

I managed to get back up on my feet, a little shaky, and went out to check the Chevelle. Oh right, it had disappeared at the same time Kate did, so it wasn't in the parking lot. I shivered...when had it become so cold? The sky looked like it might snow, but it was almost summer!

Then something Eros had said echoed in my mind: "Stupid witches and wizards, stuck in their three-dimensional thinking."

Oh shit...

I pulled out my phone and checked the date.

Nine months had passed.

I took a moment. Hell, I took several. Thankfully my cell phone bill was tied into my credit card, so it was still working. I called Monday.

"Where the fuck you been, Tommy?" Monday sounded pissed. "You up and leave months ago, saying you'd be back in a few days."

He already knew about all this crazy magic shit, so I told him the truth.

"Hoooly shit Tommy! Don't you have just the craziest life!" I heard him suck on a doob, hold it, and then breathe out.

Then I realized that if it had been nine months..."Monday, what about Zee and the egg?" He had impregnated the harpie Hepzibah -- Zee -- and she had laid an egg just before we left.

"Fuck...I woke up one day and she tore outta here. The egg had hatched and I never saw her again...never even saw what came outta that egg, either. I miss her, man."

"I'm sorry, Monday. I'll see you soon, buddy, okay?"

"Lookin' forward to it, Tommy!" Then we hung up.

Nine months...oh shit, I realized that my apartment, its rent unpaid, would have been rented out by now; I had no home to go back to! Probably no job either. What else...what else...there was something...

Dianna.

---

Detective Dianna Shepherd, now on maternity leave, carried her new baby Seth into her apartment. The boy had been remarkably easy to birth, the time from her water breaking to delivery being only two hours. She hadn't even had to push all that much; it was like Seth had practically slithered out from inside her.

When she was younger, her own mother had regaled her with tales of hours and hours of prenatal agony, waiting for baby Dianna to finally deign to grace the world with her presence. If she had still been in contact with her mother, she would have had to brag, but that relationship had ended years ago, when Dianna had come out as a lesbian to her staunchly Catholic parents. She didn't miss them.

As she put the baby into the new bassinet, a spark snapped between her finger and the child. She gasped, expecting him to cry out from pain or surprise, but he just cooed.

The weird sparking had followed her through her entire pregnancy. She thought it was just something strange about her pregnant biorhythms, but it seemed the bizarre phenomenon continued even after birth.

Suddenly she felt very tired. Seth seemed fine in his little bed, so Dianna flopped down on hers for a nap.

---

Kate didn't have a phone so I couldn't call her, and when I called my building manager he confirmed that my apartment had indeed been rented out. My stuff was in storage, though, so I could pick it up after paying a fee.

I thought about calling work, but I had no way of explaining a nine month absence. Best not to even try.

I thought about my stuff in storage and had an idea. I googled the local impound yard, and when I called them, sure enough, the Chevelle had been towed there. We called a taxi.

Demie paid the impound fee in cash and I popped the trunk. The portal was back! I shoved my face in. "KATE!"

"Tom!"

I heard her from one of the rooms branching off from the lab. She didn't come to me so I clambered in through the portal. "Kate?"

"In...here..." I heard her groan and gasp from her bedroom. What was going on?

As I went in, I saw her getting to her feet from the bed, except with great difficulty. She was...

...she was pregnant! Like ready to give birth pregnant!

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)