Just Another plain Jane
byAnonymousPerv©

Part 2

Grandpa's porn stash curses anyone who touches it.

Janet Humphries was aggravated. This was the last blouse she owned that wasn't ripped or torn. Well, until a moment ago, anyway. She threw it on the ground and yelled, "Fuck this fucking curse!" One of her breasts popped out of her bra as she ranted on emotionally. Ryan was very accustomed to the accidental exposures. He'd met Janet two weeks ago when this supposedly all first started for her. They'd become fast acquaintances since then. More than acquaintances, actually. "Oh, honey. What happened this time?"

"I thought I was going to make it, Ryan. I'd driven all the way to the dollar store, did my shopping, went through checkout, everything -- no issues! Then, just as I was leaving, the door closed hard and caught my blouse. It tore before I could stop myself."

"I'm telling you, Janet. If it isn't supernatural, it's got to be some weird psychological thing. Go see someone. A doctor or a professional."

"I can't even go to work. The third time I accidentally flashed everyone in the morning meetings, Tom asked me to take some time off."

Janet had recently acquired her house through an inheritance. She discovered her grandfather's old porn stash in the attic the night she met Ryan, in fact. Most of the material was softcore, wartime paperbacks and comics. Over ninety percent of it was an extensive collection on the character of 'Jane' who always found herself losing her clothes at the most inopportune times. Ever since Janet reviewed these materials, she's had the same kind of trouble.

"What if I asked my sister, Meredith, to come talk to you?" Ryan asked. "She's a licensed therapist. Mostly deals with family issues, but she may know someone who can help."

Janet sighed, shrugging her shoulders. "I guess. I just feel so stupid trying to explain this to anyone."

"It's fine. I'll back up your story."

**

Two days later, Meredith Langston was interviewing her brother's new girlfriend, Janet, trying not to take too much notice of the nipple that had escaped the young woman's low-cut top. What Meredith didn't know is Janet really had no choice on the attire, as most of her other clothing had been ruined in multiple, bizarre accidents these past weeks.

"What have you done with this pornographic collection of your grandfather's?" asked Meredith.

"It's still in the attic. I'm afraid to read any more of it, for fear things would only get worse."

"I'm sure this is just some bizarre set of coincidences, Janet. Or maybe the material somehow influenced you subconsciously."

"Like I allow these accidents to happen? That I want them to?"

Meredith smiled, shaking her head. "No, I don't think you want them to, but it is an interesting case. Would you mind showing me some of this collection? I'd like to take some of it for my colleagues to review. We could evaluate to see if there is any evidence that the material intends to influence the reader."

"Like subliminal advertising or something?"

"Exactly. Whether it works is often debated, but around that time in history, utilizing subliminal stimuli in advertising, messaging and print copy was... I guess 'common' might be the word to use. And nations wouldn't engage in the art of propaganda if it didn't work. When individuals read... they absorb... and they can be influenced in ways they aren't always aware."

Janet sat up, snarling a bit. "If you look at Gramp's porn stash, you don't fear what's happened to me, might also happen to you?"

Meredith laughed. For one, she had a gut feeling that Janet enjoyed showing off. Janet had an incredible body, after all. While Meredith had a plainer look, she wasn't ashamed of it, but she was certainly no show-off like she suspected Janet to be. Meredith's wardrobe consisted of nothing like lowcut tops and short skirts. She reassured Janet about reviewing the stash of vintage porn. "I'm sure I'll be fine, but if I do run into any problem keeping my clothes on, I won't blame you for it."

"Better not," sighed Janet, getting up. Her entire breast spilled out on one side and she seemed unaware and unflummoxed. "Ryan, can you help with these boxes?"

**

"What the fuck, Ryan?" screamed Meredith, late the next day to her brother. Ryan was holding his phone far away from his ear to protect his eardrum, because his sister was so loud. "This is like an actual curse. There's no other explanation!" she cried.

"Meredith, please calm down. What are you going on about?"

"I can't be in someone's presence for even five minutes without having some unnatural sequence of events occur that leaves me stripped of my clothing. It doesn't make any fucking sense, Ryan! I thought your girlfriend was just... well, I hate to say it... disturbed. Maybe full of shit."

"Oh, so you thought she was making it all up. Flashing people on purpose."

There was a lengthy pause over the phone. "Like I said. Maybe."

Ryan sighed, "I can't say I haven't had the same thoughts, Meri. It supposedly started the very day I met her, you know. Janet claims she never had issues before that day, but I kind of wondered if she's an exhibitionist."

"Does she know you have these thoughts?"

"Lord, no. It just crossed my mind that it could be a possibility. I have to admit, if Janet has these 'accidents' on purpose, she's a world-class actress."

"Trust me. Now that I can empathize, it isn't on purpose. It's a curse. There's really no other explanation, Ryan."

He snickered, "Meri, I thought you didn't believe in hocus pocus."

"I don't. Er... I didn't. I mean... Oh... oh, no. No, no, no. Oh, my God!" Her voice shifted to a panic.

"Are you okay, sis?"

"I dropped off half that stack of magazines and books in Deborah Winters' office."

"Who?"

"She's Dean of Psychology at Amber U. Good friend of mine. I have to go, Ryan. I need to call Debbie and tell her not to look at any of that material."

"Do you think it would have the same effect on men?" Ryan interjected, before his sister could hang up. "You know, like if I read the materials. Would I have the same problem as you and Janet?"

"I have no idea," said Meredith.

"I'm not sure I want to be the one to test the theory, but I am curious. Tell me, how many times has it happened to you so far? Being stripped."

Meredith sighed, explaining, "I ripped my blouse first thing this morning and tried to hold it with a safety pin. That popped off while I was having a meeting with John Morse, remember him? It caught me by surprise and I instinctively reached up to grab my blouse from popping open too much. Somehow, my watch got snagged on my bra and when I drew my arm back, it unsnapped the front hook. Everything spilled out!"

"You sound like Janet right now."

"And it gets worse from there. It's been all day with these accidents, Ryan."

"And now you think you gave your friend this same curse? This Deborah Winters?"

"Oh, shit! Right! I gotta call and warn her right now. Bye!"

An hour later, Meredith called her brother back. "Would you be okay if Debbie and I came by your place tonight? I mean, Janet's place? It is where you're staying, right?"

"Uh, shouldn't be a problem. I'll have Janet make dinner."

"No. Don't pester her. I'll have pizzas delivered. I think Bazoongas delivers way out there. We need to spend more effort talking this out than cooking or entertaining, anyway."

"Oh, no. Did you not warn Deborah in time?"

"No, and it isn't just her affected. Deb shares an office with her assistant, Lynn, and the comptroller, Jeremy Stephenson. We got your answer on whether it affects men. Apparently, it does not. Jeremy looked at it and even showed another male colleague some of the magazines. It didn't do anything to either of them. But both Deb and Lynn now have the same issues as Janet... and me. We can't keep our clothes on."

"Holy shit," huffed Ryan. "This is... uh, this is huge, Meri. If all this is truly unexplainable, we're talking..."

"Yeah, it's why we want to come talk about it. Lynn's coming, too. Make sure Janet's free tonight. We especially need to learn what we can about her grandfather."

"I'll let her know."

**

After seeing Deborah Winters in person, Ryan instantly remembered her from his sister's New Year's office party, several years prior. She was a curvy redhead with large, brown eyes and long lashes. If he recalled, she was very recently divorced when he first met her. Lynn was even more stunning. Lithe and firm, like an Olympic gymnast. Pert breasts. Ryan normally wouldn't have taken note of such a thing so early in meeting a woman, but considering Lynn's shirt was ripped half open, he couldn't help it. There was no bra underneath, but Ryan suspected there once was earlier in the day. These poor women were being stripped supernaturally against their wills, just like his girlfriend.

Meredith introduced everyone and Ryan took note that she was wearing workout shorts and an oversized t-shirt, like one she would wear to bed. It draped over her shoulders and extended almost to her knees, barely past her shorts. Ryan figured his sister's awful attire must be attributed to 'strip-proofing' her wardrobe. He didn't see how there could be any possible way she could expose herself in that getup. The others were still wearing their blouses and skirts from earlier in the day. Or what was left of them, anyway. Debbie Winters was currently exposing a healthy amount of areola, but she didn't seem to be aware.

Meredith started, "Ryan, I ordered the pizzas to be delivered while on my way over. I want to do an experiment."

Ryan had been looking forward to this meeting for serious reasons, but he also found some pleasure in his sister's misery. When they were growing up, she used to bully him often. "What kind of experiment?" he asked.

Meredith said, "When the pizza gets here, allow me to take care of it. No one else get up. No one get in my way or try to help in any way. My purse is on the side table and when the delivery arrives, I'll get up from this couch, get the money and pay the driver, the whole routine."

Ryan chuckled, "You make it sound like it's some feat of glory."

"I want you and everyone to watch. If I had to bet, I predict I will somehow be stripped and possibly in an awkward position when the transaction occurs. And I dressed this way to drive the point home. It's practically a bedsheet, yet somehow, I just know..."

Ryan laughed heartily now. "Okay, I get it. You want to prove to me this is a curse."

"Exactly."

Now Janet interrupted, "But like you indicated in my session, Meredith. Isn't it possible you are making these events happen to yourself?"

"No. And you know that!"

Janet smiled, giggling, "I know. And I told you not to be mad at me if it happened to you, remember?"

Meredith snarled, but shook it off. "I want to talk about your grandfather, Janet. What do you know about him? Was he into the occult or any kind of special, government programs?"

"Hardly. He was a farmer," said Janet.

"Did he stay married? Divorced?"

"His wife died before I was born. Never remarried."

Meredith, Lynn, Janet and Debbie discussed their experiences and challenges, while also digging for any insight into Janet's grandfather. They were hoping to discover a link to anything, even a supernatural one. Ryan enjoyed watching the group, as every girl except his sister had briefly flashed nipple, thigh, ass or more. Their poor clothes were barely holding it together. Finally, the doorbell rang and Meredith's eyes went wide. "Here goes," she sighed, getting up from the couch. "No one interfere. I don't want to risk anyone accidentally bumping into me or something. That's happened far too often today."

Ryan was standing across the room. He still didn't see how there could be any possible way for a supernatural striptease to occur, though he did notice that when Meredith got up from the couch, the back of her shirt was slightly tucked into her shorts at the waist. It pulled her shirt up a bit unevenly, and he could see her shorts better now. Regardless, she was fully covered. He shouted, "You have nothing to worry about, Meri, though the driver is going to think you have terrible fashion sense."

"Haha," said Meredith sarcastically, stopping at the side table, which was just to the left of the door. She fumbled through her purse for the cash, not realizing one of her shorts' pockets got snagged on the handle of the table's front drawer. She took a step over and reached for the doorknob, swinging the heavy door open. The odds of the next two things happening had to be so remote as to fully confirm that everything that was happening to Meredith was beyond the realms of the natural. The front door has a chain lock on the inside and when Meredith swung the door, the chain just happened to catch the inside collar of Meredith's oversized shirt. The door kept swinging, pulling Meredith as it tugged at the top of her shirt. She stumbled, and because her shorts were snagged on the drawer's handle, they ripped partly open. Meredith was caught off balance both ways and fell over completely. Her large shirt was now stretched halfway up the door, hanging off the chain. Meredith had to quickly prop up to keep her breasts from coming out the bottom of the shirt, but this caused the shorts to be tugged down practically to her knees. Considering she lost her panties in an accident earlier in the day, her shaved pussy was now on full display to the delivery driver. Bare assed and embarrassed, Meredith tilted to her brother. "See?"

**

Chuck Myers had been delivering for Bazoongas Pizza for almost four years, ever since he graduated high school. It helped absorb some of the cost of his college courses. The rest he took out on loans. He'd seen pretty much everything one can as a pizza delivery driver. Wild parties, drunk and angry spouses, you name it. And with a name like 'Bazoongas' you can guess that there were some women who attempted to make a scene and a joke of the name. Girls offering to flash while saying something like, "How about we trade your Bazoongas for mine?" That kind of thing. Chuck was confident many pizza drivers experienced the occasional flirty woman at the door, or the girl who "drops" her towel at just the right moment. But Chuck was also sure, with the unique name of the company he worked for, he'd seen a lot more than the average delivery driver in his four years of service. These days, something extremely out of the ordinary has to occur to give Chuck a surprise.

So when a slovenly dressed woman opened the door, slipped, fell all over herself, and completely exposed her spread, bare pussy, Chuck realized he had not "seen it all," in fact. This was perhaps the wildest mishap he had ever witnessed. Then, he looked into the rest of the room and saw one fully clothed man and two more barely-dressed women. Their clothes made it appear as if they'd been in a fight. Chuck looked back and forth between the spread pussy and the half-naked girls and tried to figure out who he should ask first, "Are you okay?"

The woman who had stripped herself started screaming, "See? I told you!" to the others in the room before turning back to Chuck. She threw some money at him. "Just leave the pizza and go!" Chuck did, quickly, and without uttering a word. On his way back to the store, Chuck was trying to figure out how to explain what he'd just witnessed.

**

It had been almost six months since that impromptu meeting and now, the Committee of the Jane Collection had finally voted to destroy all materials associated with Janet's grandfather's porn stash. It was something they had debated for almost two weeks. There was a wild hope that by destroying the works, the curse would be lifted for the thousands of women who were now afflicted with what has become known as the 'Curse of Jane'.

When this first started, Jeremy Stephenson (the comptroller who shared Meredith's office) showed some of the materials to his wife and her friends. It continued to spiral out of control from there, with lots of people sharing the strange and funny, vintage porn amongst each other. More and more of that material continued to get into other people's hands and got much worse when some of it was scanned, digitized and published online.

It spread like wildfire and women everywhere began to be afflicted by the curse, so authorities worked to discover its roots. Of course, this all came back to Janet, Deborah, Lynn and Meredith. Being so close to it, a committee was formed consisting of Meredith, Janet and six members from state and federal agencies to tackle the situation. The first priority was to collect all of the material and isolate it; to ensure no more women reviewed it with their own eyes. This took more effort than they expected, but the last of the hard print materials came in two weeks ago. Unfortunately, thousands of women had been afflicted by the time they succeeded in obtaining every book, magazine, pamphlet, and comic from the collection. Not to mention, deleting and quarantining all the digital files online that they could find.

Meredith and Janet were catching up on their progress one night, while Ryan poured the drinks and listened in. Ryan liked being in-the-know on this adventure, as he believed Janet's discovery was monumental. Both Meredith and Janet were completely naked, at the moment. After months of fighting with the issue of staying dressed, they completely gave up at home, often going stark naked. Ryan would never have believed he would get accustomed to his sister's nudity, but now it was no big thing. He was grateful they didn't make him do the same, just for equality's sake.

"Ryan, you're probably not going to like what the committee came up with tonight."

"Oh, yeah? What's that?"

"They voted to destroy the entire collection. Every bit of it to be cremated."

"What? No!! Why?"

Janet shrugged her shoulders. "Elaine Benson thinks it could break the curse. I notice she's much more intent on that goal, now that she's got the curse, too."

Ryan curled his brow, "Elaine got the curse AFTER she knew how to avoid it?"

"Yeah, it was when we got the last of those magazines in. Temptation or something, I guess. She read one of them -- she claims she only thumbed through a few pages -- and bam, now she can't keep her clothes on, either."

"But we have no evidence destroying the collection would work," cried Ryan. "And you can't just destroy that collection. It's literally the only proof on earth of something existing beyond our realm of understanding. Science cannot explain it. This is too important. You cannot destroy this!" Ryan sounded angry.

Meredith held up her hands and said, "Whoa, calm down. What would you have us do, Ryan? Go naked all the time? We have to try something to break the curse."

"So you jump to burning everything? What if it makes your condition worse? How do you have any evidence that wouldn't happen, instead? You don't! The committee is making a poor decision!"

"Fine, if you believe that, then you try to convince the committee to keep it. Write something up and I'll take it to the next meeting. I'll at least make sure they hear your argument."

Ryan wasn't satisfied that there was no safe guarantee for the rare collection, but he did as his sister asked, writing a passionate essay as to the importance of preserving it all. He let Janet review it before sending it off to Meredith. "Why do you have so much about me in here?" asked Janet. She was a bit embarrassed Ryan had included so many instances of exactly when and how she had exposed herself. It almost came across more humiliating on paper than in real life.

"Because I want everyone to understand that we are empathetic to the problem. I want to drive home the point that even you, the girl who was first affected by this curse, understand how important it is to save this collection."

"But what if destroying the collection could really work?" huffed Janet. "I'm sick of strangers thinking I'm weird or unlucky. I can't go anywhere without exposing myself somehow."

"I know, honey. But I'd have you go naked forever to save something so important. I'd do it, too."

"Yeah, you say that..."

Ryan kissed Janet on the forehead. "Thank you," he said. She decided not to fight him anymore on the content of the letter. Janet knew Ryan was passionate about it.

**

Three days later, Janet came home from the supermarket. She was screaming and jumping up and down. Ryan rushed from the kitchen to see her practically kissing the ceiling. "I did it! No accident! Nothing! The curse is lifted!"

"What? How?"

"I have no idea! But we need to tell the committee. They're supposed to burn the collection tomorrow."

"What? No!" Ryan had hoped his letter would have at least delayed their decision.

"Yeah, we talked about your letter at last night's meeting. In fact, it was emailed to everyone on our mailing list and we had lots of feedback. Far more than we could all read. The opinions were split about fifty-fifty. Ultimately, the committee decided to move forward."

"We have to stop them. At least tell them that the curse no longer affects you, so it may be the same for everyone else, too."

"I'll call Meredith and have her reach out to the others. Maybe we can convince the committee to wait and see, before moving forward with incinerating it all."

**

Though it was against rules, Ryan insisted on injecting himself in the emergency meeting. Set on convincing the hard-to-convince, Ryan emphasized Janet's miraculous recovery, more than on the arguments for saving a rare treasure. Elaine Benson was not happy about Ryan's presence. One, because it was against the rules to have uninvited speakers. And two, only committee members were to be involved in this kind of special session, anyway. Oh, and also three, when Elaine got out of her car on the way to the meeting, her dress got caught in the door. The strap ripped right off and she had nothing to hold them back up in place. She didn't particularly care for being exposed to this stranger this way. Or any man, for that matter.

"Unless you can explain how or why Janet is free from this curse, and how others can be, too," said Elaine, "then we are going to move forward with destroying the material."

Ryan was exasperated. "Miss Benson, I don't know WHY Janet is free from the curse. Perhaps it is because she was first to be exposed to it. After so many days, the effects might wear off. We will only know this if you give it time."

Janet, wearing a fitting, new dress and having no trouble keeping it on, interrupted, "Elaine, I was exposed to it before anyone else. Ryan's right. It may be that in time we see the same thing happen for everybody. All I know is, even before I was 'cured' of this, I was on the fence about saving the collection. We know there is something strange, perhaps even supernatural, occurring. But I wasn't sure it's worth saving if it creates misery. Nevertheless, I wanted you to hear Ryan's argument, too. I thought it only fair. It wasn't until he shared my story with all of you that-" Janet suddenly stopped, pausing. "Wait. I think I know what it is. I think I know what cured me." She looked desperately to Ryan, then back to the members of the committee. "In Ryan's letter, he went into excruciating detail about some of my incidents and challenges. Ryan, whether he realized it or not, contributed to my grandfather's collection the moment he wrote that story. And the moment you all read that story, that's what broke my curse. I know it! And if you destroy that collection now, I think you'll do the exact opposite of what you hope to achieve. I think you'll make the curse permanent!"

Silence hung in the air for some time. Elaine took to the microphone. "Alright, Janet. If you really believe this to be true, we can easily test it. Let's find three women who will share their stories. We'll then review them and see what happens. I move we delay destroying the materials for one week. Everyone in agreement say 'aye.'"

It was an easily passed motion.

**

Deborah shared her story first. Having had the curse almost as long as Meredith, she was eager to be rid of it. Rather than a write-up, Ryan followed her around for a day with a camera and made a video montage of various flesh-exposing incidents that they shared online. Ryan got hard on more than one occasion filming the voluptuous woman. And that's one thing that bothered Deborah so much. She could see the effects these mishaps caused on men -- see their reactions -- and she, too, would get horny. She just refused to admit it to anyone. She barely admitted it to herself, she felt so shameful.

Of course, Meredith herself also contributed her account. With her brother's help, she drafted her story with honesty and humility. She expressed how she felt about being stripped and exposed to strangers. Unlike Deborah, she also told the truth regarding what she liked about it, too. How these incidents made her reevaluate herself and her feelings about her own body. When finished, the piece was authentic, sad, sexy, and funny, all at the same time. Even Meredith recognized this. But sharing her humiliating story was worth it all. After thousands of online readers read it, Meredith became free from the curse.

In fact, every woman who had contributed to the experiment were freed from their curse a short time after their own, personal material was released. In a follow-up meeting, it was made clear by Elaine herself, when she said, "Unfortunately, we cannot hide the Jane Collection. Nor bury or destroy it. The only way to control it is to allow it. We will be putting up a website that distributes and publishes any and all material related to the Jane Collection. Any women currently afflicted with the curse may share their stories, pictures, and videos there, should they wish to be free of it. Unfortunately, we must allow access for these stories. It seems the collection needs an audience to lift the curse."

"An interesting paradox," whispered Meredith.

Janet leaned into Meredith. "Do you happen to know if one can get the curse more than once? I haven't dared look at a single thing in that collection since my curse was lifted. Have you?"

"No."

"Huh, I wonder..."

"I'm not sure I want to find out."
