Entry tags: 

spander advent, spike/xander

A Spander Advent (2/3)
Title: A Spander Advent 
Part: 2 of 3 
Pairing: Spike/Xander 
Rating: NC-17 
Disclaimer: I'm not Joss 
Warnings: angst, slash 
Summary: Takes place during AtS S5, and ignoring the comics. Angel sends Spike on an errand, and Spike meets up with an old acquaintance. 
AN: A bit of a Christmas gift, from my nekid numbers choices of Advent and Xander. I'll post all three parts today. Thank you to sentine for the perfect banner!!

Ten

Few of his best memories were in bathrooms. But when they woke up, still tangled with one another, they’d looked down at the dried and itchy mess on their groins and stomachs and had a race for the loo. Spike was faster but Xander was closer, so they hit the doorway at the same time, laughing as they jostled each other through the narrow opening.

The shower was plenty big enough for the both of them. Spike turned on the tap while Xander pissed. Spike managed not to make a face. He didn’t miss human bodily functions at all. When they were under the steaming water together, Spike stood still, slightly bemused, while Xander soaped him back and front, then massaged shampoo into his hair. “Always fancied a vampire doll, did you, pet?”

Xander smacked Spike’s arse. “I’ve got a little shower kink. So sue me. Besides, you look really cute with your head all foamy.”

Spike twisted around and mock-growled at him. “’M not cute.”

“My mistake. You look very big bad. Especially like this.” And Xander plopped a small bit of bubbles onto Spike’s nose.

A slippery and entirely enjoyable scuffle ensued, at the end of which they both ended up on the tile floor, the endless supply of hot water sluicing over them, while they snogged and groped and gasped for air. Frotting was nice, all squirmy and wet and warm, and Spike had another drop or two of Xander’s blood, but when they were finally spent and waterlogged, Xander gave Spike a serious look. “We need lube,” he announced.

“Christ, yes. We’re in San Francisco. Surely there must be slick somewhere nearby.”

So they dried and dressed and combed and—in Xander’s case—shaved, and they went down toward the lift, waving at the maid in the hallway as they went. It was early evening, and a few people were sitting in the bar having after-work drinks. As soon as Spike and Xander found a seat, the waiter from last time came zooming on over to grin at them.

“You returned!” he said.

“Never left.”

“You’re staying here at the hotel?”

They both nodded. “And we could use a bit of help with something,” Spike added.

The waiter knelt down so he was nearly eye to eye with them. “I’d be delighted.”

Xander snickered.

“Where’s the nearest place a bloke could buy some slick?” Spike asked.

Xander actually blushed and the waiter’s eyebrows flew up. “Um, there’s a couple of great places in the Castro.”

Spike shook his head. “Closer, mate.”

“You’re in a hurry?”

Spike gestured at Xander. “Wouldn’t you be if this was waiting for you?” Xander choked on an almond.

“Okay. There’s a place just a few blocks up Market. Big red awning, you can’t miss it. Maybe not the most inspired selection, but it’ll do ya.”

“Thanks, mate.”

The waiter winked. “And if you want company….”

It was Xander who patted the bloke’s hand. “Thanks, man. But we’re kinda…new. I think we need some time just the two of us.”

The waiter smiled and stood. “I got it. You make a cute couple, too.” And he winked and walked off.

Xander had a beer and Spike a shot of Jack, and then they signed the bill and left. As the waiter had promised, the shop was easy to find, and it was just barely within Spike’s tether as well. The place was fairly empty, just a bloke in a suit looking over the DVDs and a young couple giggling over the magazines. “I never thought I’d be shopping for sex supplies with William the Bloody,” Xander mused as he picked up a bottle of Astroglide.

“And I never thought I’d be here with Xander Harris,” Spike added.

He was mentally debating between a tube of Rear Entry and one of Back Door, when Xander said, “Ooh! This is the one we need!” and thrust a package in front of his face. First Spike noticed the photos of a pair of bare bums on it, and then he saw the brand. Doc Johnson’s Spike.

He gave Xander an evil look. “I don’t find snorting with laughter at all sexy, git.”

Xander flung an arm around him. “Yeah? Then how about this?” He licked in Spike’s ear. Spike shivered.

“Right, then,” he announced. “This one will do.”

Spike paid the bored salesclerk, chuckling slightly at the thought of Wolfram & Hart covering this particular tab, and he and Xander left. They walked back toward the hotel, stopping for about fifteen minutes at a sandwich shop for Xander to have a quick meal.

By the time they got back to the hotel, they were almost jogging, and they eventually collapsed together onto Spike’s bed, Xander giggling like a giddy teenager. Spike most definitely was not giggling. He was laughing, in a dignified way that befitted a 150-year-old vampire.

They stripped each other slowly this time, taking the time to lick here and nip there. Xander was ticklish, and he also responded beautifully when Spike twisted the hardened nubs of his nipples just a bit. He proved himself quicker on the uptake than Spike had once given him credit for, and latched his mouth onto Spike’s neck, just over where his pulse had once been, suckling and biting hard enough to make Spike writhe and whimper. Not too much later, and by unspoken mutual agreement, Xander was teasing Spike’s hole with a slippery finger, then sliding the finger inside while he tongued at the crown of Spike’s leaking cock.

“Bloody hell,” Spike moaned. “How much time did you spend in those clubs, pet?”

Xander pulled his mouth away with a slurp. “Didn’t I tell you? It’s my other superpower. Infinitely more enjoyable than demon attraction.”

Xander added a second finger then, scissoring them apart carefully and then pressing gently on Spike’s prostate. Spike clutched at Xander’s overlong hair, a trifle desperately, as if he might fall apart without a strong grip. He’d shagged blokes now and then, even humans, but he couldn’t recall it ever feeling this good. Just as he was ready to beg, Xander withdrew his fingers and crawled up Spike’s body. Spike eagerly spread and lifted his knees, then watched as Xander lined up his cock and slowly sheathed himself inside.

“Holy mother of god,” sighed Xander.

“Ungh,” Spike replied, relishing the sweet feeling of being stretched and filled, the wondrous way Xander’s cock warmed the core of him.

Xander moved, slow and steady, his face drawn in concentration, as Spike rocked his hips as much as he was able. It didn’t take long, though, for Xander’s motions to become harder and faster and he grunted with every thrust. Then he collapsed downwards and crooked his head. “Go for it,” he panted.

Spike slipped into gameface and delicately sank his fangs into the soft flesh.

They lost their rhythm completely, moaning against each other as each penetrated and was penetrated, Xander’s hot blood filling Spike’s mouth as Xander’s hot come filled Spike’s body and it was so good that Spike’s own release was almost an afterthought, just an extra treat like icing on a cake.

Eleven

They should have bought more slick.

Twelve

“Why are you still doing this shite, pet?”

They were leaning up against the railing, watching the last ferry of the evening leave for Larkspur. The wind had kicked up and it smelled like it might rain later. Xander’s hair was tossing about in the breeze and he kept pushing it away from his eye with his left hand. His right hand was clutching a big paper cup from Peet’s Coffee. “Which shit is that, Spike?”

“This.” Spike waved his hand vaguely about. “Saving the world and all that rubbish.”

Xander smiled. “Well, I’m actually kind of liking this particular world saveage.”

“But you didn’t know I was going to be here. Hell, I bet if you had you wouldn’t have come. You certainly didn’t expect it’d turn out as it has.”

“No, I can’t say this was something I’d foreseen.”

“So why’d you come, then?”

Xander shrugged and hunched over the rail. “It’s what I do, I guess.”

“You’ve done enough, you know. You could retire the white hat, get a real life. You were a good hand as a carpenter, weren’t you? You can always make dosh that way.”

“I guess so. But look who’s talking. I mean, you died, Spike. And yet here you are.”

“’M a vampire, love. Not a lot of positions available for the likes of me.”

Xander made a dismissive pfft noise. “You’re an adaptable guy. You’d manage somehow.”

Spike had to hide a smile at the offhand compliment. He bumped shoulders lightly with Xander. “Perhaps,” he said. “But…I don’t know. Can’t think of a single place where I’d fit in, where it’d feel like home. That didn’t bother me much before, but now it does. The bloody soul’s fault, I reckon.”

“Same with me,” Xander said quietly, thoughtfully. “I mean, sometimes the idea of settling down in Wichita or somewhere with the picket fence and the pension plan and the potlucks on Sundays, that’s pretty appealing. But I don’t think anyplace like that would ever feel like home. What would I tell people about my past? Hell, they’re gonna wonder about my eye the second they meet me, and either I make up a whole bunch of lies or I end up getting a free ride to the nearest loony bin. Anyway, I think I’d probably get bored pretty soon anyway, and start looking for the nearest demon bar. If the demons didn’t find me first.”

A fat raindrop fell on Spike’s nose. “So what, then? You keep on playing hero until you get killed? It’s going to happen eventually, love. You can’t escape the reaper forever.”

“I suppose so. I like to think I’ll at least go out with a bang, maybe do something all heroic in the process. It’s better than getting hit by a bus, or dying of colon cancer or something.”

“Is that the only option you see for yourself? Death and glory?”

Xander’s sigh was loud even over the noise of the water and the wind and the pattering rain. “Maybe if I keep looking I’ll find something better. Someplace where I belong.” He turned and looked at Spike. “And you?”

“Already did the big ending. And the small one, too—my first death was a quiet affair. Dunno. Maybe I’ll find someplace, too.”

Xander stood up straight and tossed his cup in a nearby trashcan. “I’m cold and getting wet. Let’s go back to the room and find some way to heat up.”

Thirteen

The waiter at the bar—his name was Mike, they now knew—had given up on trying to seduce them. Now he’d apparently decided they were the world’s cutest couple and that it was his job to play cupid. So he brought them free drinks and little snacks from the restaurant. He tried to tell them where all the good places were to go dancing, or perhaps just out for a romantic dinner, but Spike and Xander convinced him that they didn’t want to be away from their room for that long. Which wasn’t that far off from the truth, really, as they were finding one another’s company both diverting and exhausting. Spike hadn’t slept so much, or so well-shagged, in decades. Or so comfortably. Spike was beginning to wonder how he’d manage to sleep once he no longer had the warm, soothing bulk beside him.

When they went to the bar this evening, Mike smiled and placed a red and green sparkly bag on their table. “What’s this, then?” Spike asked.

“An early Christmas gift.”

Xander said, “Hey, man, you didn’t have to—“

“Oh, I know, I know. But I was shopping yesterday and I saw these and thought of you guys and, well, you had to have them.”

Spike peeked in the bag. It contained two black leather thongs and a large bottle of strawberry-flavored lubricant.

“Enjoy!” Mike said and then walked away.

When they got upstairs, Xander went into the bathroom while Spike stripped and put one of the g-strings on. He rather wished he could see his reflection. But when Xander emerged a moment later, looking luscious in his own pressie, Spike could only leer.

Xander leered back. “We really need to leave Mike a huge tip,” Xander said.

“Agreed.”

Spike prowled closer. When he was near enough, he ran his palms down the flat planes of Xander’s chest. Then he neatly folded to his knees and began to mouth Xander’s burgeoning erection through the leather. He grabbed Xander’s arse cheeks with both hands and kneaded them, so within moments Xander was whimpering and grabbing at Spike’s hair.

The carpet was slightly coarse against Spike’s knees but he barely felt it. Spike ignored the throbbing of his own organ as he used his teeth to ease the pouch down, allowing Xander’s cock to bob free. It was bright red and already damp with precome. Spike slipped it into his mouth, enjoying the smoothness of it, the way it stretched his lips and jaws, the taste of salt and leather. Still massaging Xander’s arse, Spike teased his tongue in small circles around the head of Xander’s cock and then into the slit, making Xander hiss and pull at his scalp.

“Christ! Keep that up and it’s gonna be a quick night,” Xander panted.

Spike ignored him, suddenly eager for the taste of the man, the need to have a fluid other than blood filling his mouth. In fact, he moved his left hand over a bit and pulled at the string that stretched between Xander’s legs, until the tip of Spike’s finger was pressed at Xander’s hole. Xander’s slick hole, he realized, and that’s why he was smelling strawberries. He groaned as well as a bloke could with his mouth filled with his lover’s cock.

When Spike pushed his finger inside and crooked it a bit, and, at the same time, relaxed his throat and swallowed, Xander’s knees shook and now he was hanging on to Spike in order to keep from collapsing.

“Oh, fuck,” Xander said hoarsely.

Spike rolled his eyes up to see Xander looking down at him, his face rapt as someone witnessing a miracle. “Change if you want,” Xander whispered. “Just…be careful.”

Spike had to close his eyes for a moment, so overcome was he at the headiness of it. Nobody had ever trusted him to do this, not even Angelus. Probably just as well—there were times he likely would have snapped his jaw shut on the old bastard. Now he released Xander’s cock, gave the tip of it a reverent little kiss, and shifted. He licked the length of it, then nuzzled at Xander’s heavy balls before cautiously putting his lips around the crown again.

And then, as carefully as he was able, Spike allowed just the very tip of one fang to scrape against Xander’s cock in the narrower bit just beneath the mushroom head. Xander cried out and convulsed, and blood and semen together flowed against Spike’s tongue. That was enough for him. He quickly withdrew his fangs as his own climax ripped through him and his cock, still untouched, emptied into its leather pouch.

When they had both collapsed onto the bed, still panting hard, Xander reached over to stroke Spike’s cheekbone with his thumb. “I wonder if Mike knows a leather cleaners nearby,” he said.

Fourteen

“Why haven’t you called me?”

“Aw, you’ve missed me, Peaches?”

Spike might have been several hundred miles away, but he knew Angel rolled his eyes. “You’re supposed to be doing a job, Spike, remember?”

“And I have been. Didn’t know I was meant to ring in. You didn’t tell me to.”

“Didn’t think I’d have to. I figured after a couple days you’d be bugging me pretty constantly about when you could come back.”

“Perhaps your august presence is less alluring than you think, pouf. Besides, I’m content here.”

There was a brief pause. “That Watcher they sent…it’s someone young and pretty, isn’t it?”

Spike glanced over at Xander, who was stretched out naked on the bed, laughing at something on the telly. “That it is.”

“Don’t get so…caught up with her that you forget why you’re there.”

“I’ll get as caught up with him as I like, Peaches, but I won’t forget.”

Another pause, longer this time. “Him?”

“Him.”

Xander turned his head to look at Spike. He held out a hand and raised one eyebrow. His eye was sparkling with good humor.

“You sure, pet?” Spike asked. He’d assumed that Xander would want to keep the details of their holiday a secret from those who knew him. But Xander smiled wickedly and nodded, and Spike said into the phone, “Here. Talk to him yourself.”

He handed the phone over to Xander. “Hi, Angel,” Xander said.

Spike didn’t have to be anywhere near the phone to hear Angel’s answering squawk.

Fifteen

“Jeez, that’s really romantic,” Mike said, smiling dreamily at them.

The bar had officially closed and he was off the clock. But his boss didn’t seem to mind that he was sitting there with Spike and Xander, the three of them sipping at bottles of Full Sail. Xander had just told them a somewhat edited version of how they’d met, and how they’d managed to reunite in San Francisco, and the tale had Mike all melty-eyed.

“Not really,” Spike said. “It’s just coincidence. Lucky is all.”

“I don’t believe in luck,” Mike said firmly. “I think when things happen there’s a reason behind them. Like, my ex-boyfriend, Cesar, I thought everything was good between us, right? And then one day I got halfway to work and realized I’d forgotten my wallet. When I walked back into our apartment, Cesar was boning this slut from down the hall. If I hadn’t forgotten my wallet I might never have known the little shit was cheating on me.”

“Sorry,” Xander said. “About Cesar, I mean.”

Mike shrugged. “There’s plenty more fish in the sea. My point was that it wasn’t an accident you both ended up here.”

Spike had had plenty lately of fate and the like and he made a face. But it was Xander who said, “Yeah? Well, let’s suppose there’s some cosmic…something…that wants me and Spike to get busy together. Hasn’t it occurred to them that we live on different continents now?”

Spike ignored the pang in his chest. He’d been deliberately not thinking about that little detail for some time, nor fooling himself into thinking this was more for Xander than an amusing way to pass the time.

But Mike wasn’t discouraged. “I’m telling you, man. There’s always a reason.”

Spike and Xander both stared silently at their bottles.

Sixteen

It was raining again. But they both felt a bit cabin feverish, so they went outside anyhow and tromped through puddles for a half mile in one direction, then back, and then they stood watching the wind raise waves in the Bay.

“I bet this is a really nice city when you can see more of it,” Xander said.

“Yeah.” Spike looked up at the traffic rushing across the Bay Bridge. Behind them, a homeless man trundled by in his layers of rags, muttering to himself.

“London’s a nice city, too. I mean, what I’ve seen of it. How long has it been since you’ve been there?”

Spike had to think about it. “Not since the twenties. It’s…it’s not all good memories for me there, yeah?”

“Sure. Like, I probably wouldn’t revisit Sunnydale, even if it wasn’t a big hole in the ground. At least not for a while. But I don’t know. Maybe after fifty or sixty years I’d get kinda nostalgic for it.”

Spike huffed out a breath. He couldn’t imagine ever feeling homesick over Sunnydale. London, on the other hand—well, perhaps he did miss it a bit. “Where in the city do you live, Xan?” he asked softly. He thought maybe later, when he was back in LA, he could picture Xander walking once-familiar streets, and that would be a comfort of sorts.

“I’ve got a room at Watchers’ HQ. In Bloomsbury.”

Spike sighed. “’T’s where I lived. Back when I lived.”

Xander turned to look at him. “Yeah? That’s…kinda nice to know. I can imagine you there.”

Spike was going to respond somehow. He wasn’t certain how. But it didn’t matter in any case, because he caught a sudden movement out of the corner of his eye. It was the bum, he realized, flying at them with preternatural speed. Only it wasn’t a bum at all, but something quite different instead: A Pterachis demon, a flapping horror of violet skin and long claws. And it wasn’t rushing at them exactly, but directly at Xander.

Spike barely had time to shout out a warning and lunge between the attacker and the man. But the demon had the advantage of him, and it raked its paw down his front, nearly disemboweling him in a single stroke. Spike howled and clutched at himself, still trying to protect Xander.

But by then Xander had stepped toward the monster, and the monster just kept on going, sweeping Spike to the side and then falling against Xander’s chest, toppling them both over the railing. Xander’s cry was cut short as his mouth filled with brine.

Spike had fallen to his knees and now he staggered upward, trying desperately to catch sight of his boy in the roiling black water. “Xander!” he screamed, and he thought he saw a single pale hand breach for only a split second. Without even bothering to shed his duster or boots, Spike heaved himself over the barrier.

The water instantly chilled him to the bone, soaking his jeans and rushing into his open wounds. The cold wouldn’t kill him, of course, but it tended to make him sluggish, as if flailing through the waves with his belly torn apart wasn’t difficult enough. He could see nothing. It was dark, and nearly impossible to tell where the pounding rain ended and the tossing waves began. And he never had been much of a swimmer.

Then he caught just the flash of pale skin, perhaps four yards away, and he headed in that direction. Xander was there, struggling desperately with the demon, which was trying to drag him under. Spike realized that he’d vamped out at some point, and now he threw himself over the beast’s back and sank his fangs into its neck. It roared and reached a long arm behind itself, sending new lines of agony across Spike’s shoulder and then his face. It took all of Spike’s will to maintain his grip.

Xander made a garbled sound and dug his fingers into the demon’s face. That distracted the Pterachis just long enough for Spike to strike again. He ripped a great, foul-tasting chunk from its neck, spat it out, and then bit again. Meanwhile, Xander was treading water, making feral noises while he gouged at its eyes.

Spike wasn’t certain how long it took, but eventually the demon stilled. Spike was too weak to hold on any longer and he felt the monster’s lifeless body sink away from him. He was sinking then, too, lacking the strength even to kick his legs. No, he thought with his last scraps of consciousness. Not the bottom of the bloody ocean again.

But a strong arm was around his middle, pulling at him, and he felt himself being dragged toward the pier, and the world went upside down as he was slung over a broad shoulder. After that, everything went black.

Seventeen

Black.

Eighteen

The taste of warm blood in his mouth and a warm hand at his brow, pushing the curls away from his temple.

Deep voices, rumbling quietly in conversation.

Pain.

But he felt unaccountably safe, and when he couldn’t quite manage to open his eyelids, he didn’t panic. Instead, he allowed himself to sink peacefully back into the dark.

Nineteen

“Spike? Are you awake?”

It took Spike a long time to place the voice, and even longer to recall why he found it so comforting. But then he did, and he mustered the strength to flutter his lashes open.

Xander Harris’s face was hovering over him. The boy looked exhausted; his face was gaunt and pale except for where the beginnings of a beard were growing. He wasn’t wearing his eyepatch, and the skin under both eyes was dark, tender and bruised-looking. But he smiled when he saw Spike’s eyes focusing on him.

“Good morning, sunshine,” Xander said.

Spike tried to move, but his limbs felt as heavy as stone. So he licked at his lips instead—they were dry as old leather—and swallowed. “Xan?” he croaked.

The mattress shifted as Xander sat next to him. “Hi. Hungry?”

Spike had to think about this for a moment. Yes, he decided, that ache in his belly was probably hunger. There were other aches as well: Thin lines of sharpness across his face and deeper, throbbing sore spots on his stomach and chest and shoulder. But he could definitely do with a feed, and that would probably help the rest. “Hungry,” he agreed.

Xander disappeared from his sight for a moment and all he saw was a plain white ceiling. He wanted to protest, or at least to see where Xander was going, but couldn’t quite move his head. He heard the beep beep of a microwave, and a few seconds later his nose caught the rich odor of warm, human blood. Xander reappeared with a black mug in his hand. He sat beside Spike again and then slowly, carefully, propped Spike upwards on the pillows until his head was slightly raised. The Xander held the mug and tipped the contents into Spike’s mouth. It tasted wonderful.

When the mug was empty, Xander took it away. “More?” he asked.

“Later,” replied Spike. He didn’t have the energy to drink another cupful right now, but at least he could feel the first doing its work, knitting his torn tissues together, making him stronger by tiny increments.

Xander readjusted the pillows again so Spike was flat on his back.

“What….” Spike began weakly.

Xander smoothed at his brow, which felt bloody lovely, and then clasped his hand. “Get some more rest. I’ll explain later. Everything’s fine and you’re safe and you don’t have to worry. Just heal.”

They were wonderful words to hear, and Spike gave up the effort to hold his eyes open.

Twenty

By late afternoon, having polished off several pints of blood, Spike was feeling considerably more alert. He still hadn’t tried to actually stand, but he could sit comfortably in bed and the pain had faded to a dull, annoying twinge. Xander had refused to answer any questions until Spike insisted he was full enough to burst, and then Xander had brought over some warm, damp towels and given him a careful spongebath. Only when Xander got to Spike’s groin, and Spike’s cock twitched valiantly in an effort to become erect, did Xander laugh and say, “I guess you’re feeling better now.”

“What happened, Xan? Are you all right?”

Xander let the towels fall to the floor and then pulled the covers back over Spike’s body. “I’m fine. I got really chilled, and I was a little bruised, but that’s all. No big deal.”

Spike sorted through the murky memories of the fight. “Was that…. Did you drag me out of the water?”

Xander nodded gravely. “Yeah. That demon—What the hell was that, by the way?”

“Pterachis. Nasty gits.”

“Yeah, I kind of figured that. Well, it did a real number on you. You managed to kill it, though, do you remember that?”

Spike’s mouth was suddenly filled with the putrid taste of the demon, and he nodded briefly.

“So it was dead, but you were sinking, too. I got hold of you and swam over to the ferry pier where there are some handholds. Let me tell you, you are heavy when you’re sopping wet and a dead weight. No pun intended.”

“Sorry,” Spike said. He was. “How’d you do it, pet? You were banged up as well, and it must have been bloody difficult—“

“I’m a good swimmer. I was on the swim team, back in high school. And there’s another unpleasant story I’d rather not dwell on. Getting you out of the Bay wasn’t the problem—the real challenge was getting you across the street and up to our room. You were in really bad shape. I could see parts of you that should never be visible, and I could’ve gone happily to my grave without knowing what vampire insides look like, thank you very much. I thought you were going to dust.” His voice nearly broke as he said the last sentence and he looked away.

“Could’ve just let me sink,” Spike said.

“Yeah, just like you could have just let the Tera-whatsis have me for dinner. ‘Cause we both know it was me it was after. As usual.”

There was a brief, awkward pause. Then Spike said, “So you carried me to the hotel?”

“Yep. I was lucky it was really dark and pouring rain. Even in this city, people might notice a one-eyed wet guy hauling what looked like a wet, bloody corpse. But getting you through the lobby—that was an issue. I lucked out—I saw Mike at work when I skulked by the bar windows. I sort of stashed you alongside the building for a minute and went and got him.”

Spike thought about that for a moment. “And how’d that go, love?”

“Um, interesting. He took one look at you and of course he wanted to call 911, or the morgue. Maybe both. I had to explain why neither was a good idea.”

“You told him I’m a vampire?” Spike asked, slightly incredulously.

“I did. He took it surprisingly well, actually. Says he’s seen a lot of strange things in this city. He’s a really cool guy, Spike.”

“He is.”

“He brought out this big blue tablecloth and we wrapped you in it. Mummy vamp. Then he let me in a side door, and we took you up in the service elevator. Nobody else saw, thank Zeus. And while I was kind of freaking out over your…condition, he brought in stacks of towels and this big-ass First Aid kit. I was shivering so badly by then I could barely stand, but he helped me call your blood guy and get you in bed, and then he insisted on keeping an eye on you while I stripped and took a hot shower. By the time I was dry and dressed he’d had this huge tureen of soup brought up. And then later he found us a microwave, because you were feeding better when the blood was warmed.”

It made Spike weary just to hear it all. “How long has it been?” he asked.

“Four nights. Mike’s been bringing me food, too, while I’ve been doing 24/7 demon duty.”

Spike shook his head. “You look like shite, pet. You need to sleep.”

“Gee, thanks,” Xander said, bopping Spike lightly in the shoulder. “I can sleep later. I needed…. Well, I wanted to make sure you were okay.”

Spike tried to remember the last time anybody had shown this much concern about his well-being. He couldn’t. He knew the boy couldn’t help it, he was always going to be a white hat like that, but still it made Spike feel cared for. It was a good feeling.

Part Three