The Craft Of A Teen
by FirstStranger

A teen girl makes art out of sharing her body.

Nude photography, most especially when done by amateurs, is a beautiful art. Self-portraits, in particular, lend a window into the being of a person that few other mediums can provide. At 18, Zoe had turned her artistic gift in this medium into perfection. I, as her boyfriend, was grateful each day I got to witness her art. It all began coyly, with simple snapshots of her breasts, partially covered by her hands. It slowly progressed to full nudity, as she posed furtively in her bathroom before going to bed, leaving me to enjoy the product of her labor as she slept.

One picture in particular remains engraved in my mind to this day. She sat on her toilet, legs spread, her blonde hair covering her breasts slightly, letting all the attention be drawn to her freshly shaven cunt. It was a powerful sight to behold.

Early on I knew that this gift I had been given had to be shared. She was quite surprised when I requested to share some of her pictures with my closest friends. Tentatively, making it to seem akin to a game (although I could clearly note the arousal in her voice) she agreed. This would be the most public of her transgressions, but most certainly not the first.

At first, I showed her pictures to certain friends in order to settle arguments, in a rather childish manner. Given her propensity to wear baggy clothes, many of my friends doubted the authenticity of my claims to the ampleness of her breasts. One day, sitting around a table, I quashed the quarrel once and for all by opening my phone, entering the folder where I had meticulously stored every piece of her art. I chose the perfect picture, in which she held her breasts firm as she flashed her most endearing smile to the camera. However, I could see in their faces that they did not hold the deep appreciation for her skill that I had. Youth and social convention held them back, a shame.

Alternatively, I encouraged her to share her body with others older than us. Somehow, I found the idea of their arousal at her erotically intoxicating. She started a correspondence with a friend of her father's, who, as a man of taste, had once tried to entice her into his house without her father's knowledge. Zoe had playfully refused, naturally, but had that very same evening sent him a picture posing at the mirror in her underwear.

The caption read simply: "Do you like this?"

His answer was equally sparse, but right to the point: "Yes, show me more now."

She was dying to. All the while she kept me informed of the conversation as we held a videocall through our computers. The next picture, as per my recommendation, was similar, sans the bra. Knowing fully well the power and sway she held over him, Zoe toyed with the older man.

"Am I not too young to do this with you?"

Much to our surprise, he did not seem fazed by this remark.

"No baby, if it feels right to you, you should express yourself as you wish."

He's good, I thought to myself.

I could see through my screen that she was getting aroused, and that could only mean good things for us both. I asked her if she minded me masturbating as she posed.

"Please do baby, but please don't cum." She said with a sweet smile.

I reassured her I wouldn't, although knowing her craft, it would be a hard promise to keep.

The next picture saw her fully naked, covering her face shyly, as if avoiding recognition, while crossing her legs slightly to silhouette her ass.

He was clearly impressed, and continued his charm offensive.

"That is stunning baby, you have the most amazing figure. Do you touch yourself often?"

The question made her chuckle lightly, elucidating a similar response from me. Zoe was perhaps as sexually active as a girl her age could be. Not only did she frequently masturbate, leaving for me blissful video graphic evidence, but she also had sexual intercourse on a weekly basis, especially on the weekends.

Admitting as much was out of the question.

"Sometimes, when my boyfriend can't get me there."

I smiled. I knew this was a lie, I always got her there, but we both knew that this man craved a position of superiority.

"That makes sense at your age, you will not have that problem with me. Do you know how to give head baby?"

Again, a smile from me. Just that day, in the school bathroom, I had spilled my seed all over her tongue after just a mere five minutes of her oral handiwork.

She held the phone above her head, pulling her tongue out and rolling her eyes upwards.

"Is this what you want to see daddy?" Zoe fired back adventurously.

This last comment pinched me slightly. I was her daddy. In fact, no matter how wild our adventures got, she would always reserve the title to me. However, seeing her enjoying herself so much made me hold my tongue.

"Oh yes honey, I'm starting to think you might be dirtier than you let on..." He answered.

Zoe looked over at me.

"Daddy should I show him?" she asked, her voice wavering.

I knew exactly what she was referring to. A video filmed less than a week ago, in which two of her teachers made love to her simultaneously, as one of their wives filmed. It was perhaps the most beautifully perverse piece I had ever witnessed. Her pleasure, visible in her face as they fucked her without protection, risking their jobs and reputation for the gift of her body, mixed with the spiteful yet admiring comments of the wife, as she slowly realized she could never please two men in the same way that young girl could. That is a story for another day, no doubt.

"Another day perhaps" I answered. She was indeed dirtier than her appearance let on.
