Del gets an unexpected text message.

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Nancy, Chapter 15 (MF, cheat, cons, Mdom, exhib, oral, impreg?, voy)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

"Ta da!" Nancy awoke to see Del walk into her bedroom with a metal crutch in hand.

"Where'd you get that?"

"Online, used. They just dropped it off. C'mon, give it a try." He helped her to her feet and she situated it under her arm. It was a bit too tall, so Del adjusted the length and soon she was crutching her way around the room without difficulty.

"Oh, thank you, Del!" She gave him a kiss on the cheek. "How much do I owe you?"

"It's a gift. Well worth it to make sure you're mobile while I'm at school."

"Well, okay," she agreed. "C'mon, I'll make breakfast while you get ready." She threw on another t-shirt and panties, as well as a pair of shorts.

Feeling stir crazy after spending all of the previous day and night indoors, she threw open the front drapes and let the sun shine in. Colorful leaves were flying here and there, now that the weather was finally turning colder. She hobbled around the kitchen, making eggs, bacon, toast, and coffee.

Del came back up from his suite a few minutes later and helped prepare the rest of the meal. It was almost ready when he came up from behind and grabbed one of her boobs.

"Oh!"

Then he was kissing her neck, one of her weaknesses. His other hand pulled down her shorts and panties, and then he lifted her leg with the bad ankle up onto the counter. "Uhh...Del..." she moaned. He dropped to his knees and pressed his mouth to her pussy, his tongue delving between her vaginal lips. She cried out in pleasure, and soon her clit came out to play. As she got close to orgasm, he pulled away. "Uh?"

Del grabbed her hips and thrust his large cock inside her very wet puss.

"Ungkhh!" Nancy cried out as she felt his member fill her. He thrust again and again, pushing a bit more inside her until he was completely ensconced within her vulnerable pussy. All the thrusting had caused her to fall forward so that her large breasts were crushed onto the countertop, and her hard nipples rubbed on it, back and forth, with each thrust. Here they were, having sex right in the kitchen...

Her eyes flew open and looked at the front of the house. "Del! Unhh...the window's wide open! Anyone could see us! Hahh..."

"I'll be quick," he growled.

The thrill of possible discovery, combined with how intensely Del was taking her, only heightened her excitement, and she could feel that she was going to cum soon. His thrusts had pushed her further up onto the counter now, so her clit was rubbing right on the edge of it. She...was...almost...

It was tomorrow! It was no longer a safe day, she realized. "Del...uhh...wait..."

"HUNHH!"

"No! Del, pull..."

"UNHH!"

She felt his cock throb as his hot load spurted deep inside her, and she came as well, "...oouuutt...uhuuuhh! AHHH!" Her body went into orgasmic spasms, knowing that each throb of his cock meant yet another spurt of his dangerous cum blasting her cervix, her own body betraying her as that protective barrier opened and closed in time with her pleasure, pulling his sperm into her now possibly fertile womb. "Guhhggghhuhh..."

"Mmm! Told'ya I'd be quick." He pulled out a little too fast and she hissed in discomfort, though he was careful to help her bad ankle back down to the floor.

She redressed and they ate in silence.

"You okay?" he asked after a bit.

Her mind had been replaying the last day or so in her head. Why had she been so stupid? The answer, of course, was her fertile time of the month, coinciding with the worst, most lonely time in her marriage.

"Del, you didn't ask if it was okay to cum inside me."

He looked at her, confused. "Uh, what? You said it was a safe day."

"That was yesterday."

He paused, a piece of egg on his fork. "Oh...shit. So today is a bad day?"

"It's probably fine," she lied, "but I think we should stop doing this. My husband will be home in less than a week. I was emotionally vulnerable and you're a horny teen...I'm sorry for taking advantage of you...and for being so mercurial." She paused for a moment. "That means..."

"I know what it means...English major, remember?"

"Oh, of course. Are you okay with this?" She pushed her plate away; she had lost her appetite.

He got to his feet, looking uncomfortable and agitated. "Yeah, I guess. I should get to school. Leave the plates and I'll wash them when I get back, okay?"

---

At college, Melanie reminded Del of their date that weekend. He nodded...he was originally going to cancel, but now that Nancy and Del had -- was 'broken up' the correct term? -- well, whatever it was, it was done, so he figured he'd take the pretty platinum blonde to the movie and try to get on with his life.

Just before he left the campus, though, he got a picture message from an unknown number. Confused, he opened it to see a photo of him taking Nancy from behind in their kitchen. The pic was a bit grainy, obviously taken from outside the house, but both their faces could easily be identified.

A text then arrived from the same number: *My place, 6pm -- Helena*

---

That morning...

Helena woke at 8 AM sharp. She had no choice in the matter...her parents had drilled it into her for most of her life so that she wouldn't be late for school, and even now, when she was no longer attending any house of learning, her body still habitually woke her up at that time. "Ugh..." She got up, stretched her lithe body, and pulled on some sweatpants and a tight t-shirt over a bra and undies. As she headed toward her bedroom door, she glanced out her window and stopped short. Del's house across the street had its front windows open, and...she squinted...was that...?

She rushed down the hallway to the second floor's front balcony and threw it open. Sure enough, that was Nancy bent over the kitchen counter, getting fucked by...

"Del?" Helena pulled out her phone and zoomed the camera in. Not good enough! She cast about, saw her Dad's bird watching binoculars, and grabbed them. She pressed her camera lens to one of the eye holes of the binos and lined up the shot. There! She snapped several pics before she saw Del thrust deep and cry out as he filled the voluptuous housewife with his cum.

Shaking, Helena went back inside to decide what to do about this revelation. Obviously if Nancy's husband saw these pics, then her marriage would be over, and Del would probably get the shit kicked out of him. Helena didn't like the thought of that, but she didn't care about Nancy's marriage; she barely knew the woman.

She got a text from her Mom: *Won't be home tonight...try not to fuck the whole neighborhood while we're out, slut*

Helena's parents hadn't come home the previous night either. She was pretty certain that they were over at a swinger couple's house, and it seemed that they had hit it off. Her mother was always ribbing Helena about her high sex drive, but the young woman had actually been a virgin until she had tricked a blindfolded Del into sex almost 2 weeks ago, and even that had been an accident.

Thinking about Del's long cock slipping inside her and filling her with his sizable load made her nipples hard. It had been a frequent masturbatory inspiration since. She needed more, and with these pics she knew she could get more...she just had to be bold, like her mother.

'Like mother, like daughter,' she heard her mother's voice in her head.

"Yeah," she agreed.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)