Sweet Daddy



From my childhood, I was a beautiful girl and my
neighbours loved me. As soon as I entered to my
teenage, I started getting remarks by the boys of my
age and some seniors too. I started to keep myself
neat and tidy and bit stylish too. In the school, I
got a number of love letters from the boys, but I
didnt listen to any of them. I thought my
beautifulness could find more handsome and wealthier
boys than my colleagues at school. When I reached to
18 years, I started to have sexual feeling. But I did
not give my body to anybody instead I started
masturbating. I used to use my fingers most of the
time and long vegetables and fruits (like carrots and
banana). I had developed the habit of eating those
carrots and bananas after fucking myself. They would
be tastier with my own pussy juice.

I was satisfying my sexual urge by masturbating daily
and I didnt care about the boys. But I used to show
my body to them. I used to wear some skimpy outfits
and transparent fibres. I had (and still I have) a
nice figure of 32 25 37. I am 56 tall. All this
would definitely made the boys mad of me. I am sure.
My sexual urge even increased when I saw my parents on
bed once. It was an accident actually. I was going to
the kitchen to take some water at around 11 in the
night. When I was passing from my parents room, I
slipped on the floor. As a result, the door was pushed
and opened. They hadnt locked it from inside. I was
stunned to see the scene inside. My parents were
completely naked, and dad was licking moms pussy.
What happened? Mom asked me as soon as I fell to
the floor of their room.
I slipped on the passage. I am sorry, I said. Dad
had stopped licking by that time and mom was trying to
cover her body with the blanket nearby. But I noticed
that she had shaven her pussy nicely.
Are you okay now? dad said but did not show his
dick as he was lying on his chest.
I am okay. I said and went out of the room shutting
the door behind me.
I forgot that I was thirsty and I went to my bedroom.
That scene completely disturbed me. I lied down on the
bed but could not sleep. I was just recapturing the
scene I had just seen. Since there was not any banana
or carrot, I used my fingers for masturbation and that
day I masturbated very hard, for a long time. I did
not know what time I slept.

That incident completely changed my habit. I was 19
years by then and finished my high school. I admitted
in one of the colleges and used to go to the college
everyday. But the scene that I saw was there in my
mind and I developed the habit of peeping in my
parents room in the night. I was still virgin, in the
sense that I hadnt taken any dick in my pussy so far.
I was very eager to see my dads dick as I didnt see
it while he was fucking my mom. I think I saw it 2 or
3 times but not very clearly. But I used to see my
moms pussy almost everyday. I used to peep their act
through the keyhole. My parents were too sexy in the
sense that they fucked almost everyday. Even during
her period, mom used tampons and allowed dad to fuck
her rear end. And sometimes dad fucked her wearing
condom to prevent him from infection with her blood
during periods.

Before this incident, I used t masturbate just for fun
and pleasure, but after this I started fantasizing
about the males on top of me. I used to dream many
wealthier people and actors in the film industry while
masturbating. I used to discharge a lot of pussy juice
while masturbating fantasizing about the film actors.
After this scene I started masturbating twice daily 
in the night at bed and in the morning in the
bathroom. And many times I had masturbated right in
front of my parents door seeing them through keyhole.

Now here comes the real story. One morning I started
my usual masturbation - standing in the bathroom.
Before this, I took all the clothes off and became
naked and shaved my pussy cleanly. I forgot to mention
that I started shaving my pussy after seeing my moms.
Well, on that day, I forgot to lock the bathroom door;
even I didnt realize it while shitting, shaving and
brushing the teeth. I had kept my eyes closed and I
was fucking my pussy fiercely with my index and middle
fingers. I was just about to cum; suddenly the
bathroom door was opened. I was so scared that I was
shivering realizing my situation. It was my dad, who
came to pee, I guess. He had wrapped his lower part by
a towel and nothing on the top. I lowered my eyes and
covered my pussy with my both hands.
What the hell are you doing here? He asked boldly.
I kept quiet, looking for something to cover my body.
Okay, then you were masturbating. When did you catch
this habit? I thought my daughter was still a child.
He said, But now you are grown up, hunnnnn.

I was too afraid to say anything. I found one towel to
wrap but dad came closer to me and said, Dont worry
baby, this is the natural thing that you were doing.
Every individual does it in his or her young age.
There is no need to feel bad about it.

I was still dumb, lowering the eyes and shivering with
fear.
Come on baby, let me examine how much are you
grown. Saying this he came very close to me and
pulled the towel off from my body. I became nude again
 standing in front of dad.
Let the daddy see your nice body and check whether
dad can do something. He said and grabbed one of my
boobs.
Oh it is so nice, I didnt know that you have these
firm nice boobs. He said and started sucking like a
child.

Oh my god! On one hand I feared with this act and on
other hand I was enjoying, all my body was just under
the current. Dad slowly moved his hands to my pussy.
Oh my baby has shaved it, nice He said and inserted
his one finger inside it. It was my first time to
insert someone elses finger in my pussy. A lot of
juice came out of it. Dad moved his mouth to it and
drank my juice, and then slowly he started eating my
clit. I was in the seventh heaven now. I was feeling
too pleasure and pushing dads head towards my pussy.
He teased my pussy a lot by his tongue.

Come baby, let me taste you now Saying this he left
sucking pussy and threw the towel on the floor. I, for
the first time, saw his massive dick clearly. It was
too long and thick. I was wondering how mom was
bearing this for so long and how I am going to bear it
inside my pussy.
But dad, mom? I asked.
Dont worry about your mom. I had just fucked her
and she is sleeping like a log. She wont wake up for
another 2 hours. He said and hugged me. Thanks god,
it was Saturday.

Now his dick was touching my crotch. The feeling of
fucking with own father was giving me a lot of
excitement and I was little bit worried about the mom.
Soon dad asked me to bend and asked me to put my hands
on the commode seat. I did the same and he started
pushing his dick inside my pussy from behind.

No I screamed of pain as he gave a big push.
Dont worry baby, this pain doesnt last for long.
You will soon be enjoying dads dick which made you 17
years ago. He continued fucking. Now I was enjoying
and asking for more. He fucked me for more than 30
minutes and I think I came 3 or 4 times. Really it was
very nice.

After he came into my pussy, he asked me about my
periods. I told him that that was my 7th day. Dad was
assured and asked me to take care on 9th to 20th day.
He hugged me and kissed me on my lips. We played with
each others tongue for sometime and dad went out. I
locked the door and recalled the things that were just
happened to me. I was no more virgin now and no one
but my own dad took it from me.

My pussy was still sore and I was feeling to pee. The
warm pee burnt the sore area. But I had to tolerate. I
took shower and came out of the bathroom. Mom had just
woken up and was in the kitchen. I went to the room
and changed the clothes. As my pussy was paining, I
was not able to walk properly. In the kitchen mom
asked me about my unusual walking but I told that I
had some pain in my legs.

After this incident, dad was looking for every
opportunity to bang my pussy. I was a kind f slave to
him as he is too good in fucking. By this time, he has
fucked me many times (almost everyday). We have tried
in all three holes (pussy, mouth and asshole). Once
when mom had gone to her parents for a week, and that
was the most memorable period in our lives. My dad
took leave from his office and we spent almost all
time in the house. A couple of times we went for some
outings otherwise, we stayed inside naked, fucking as
many times as we wanted. During this period, all
nights I slept on top of my dad but in the opposite
direction, so that dad could lick my pussy or asshole
and I could suck his dick the whole night.

When mom came back, we were normal and took other
opportunity to fuck. But still we fuck everyday. Mom
has caught us kissing a couple of times but she thinks
that this is a fatherly love of my dad to his
daughter. Poor mom.can she tolerate that her dick
had been shared to her own daughter?
