Creampie Novices

"We have a novice here this evening," Joy announced in her low 
sensuous voice.  She paused for the party to quiet down.  "For his 
benefit, I'll explain the rules.  All the guys will go to the other 
room.  Then all of us girls will roll the dice.  The highest score 
will get the new guy.  Then, she will go get her guy, and bring him 
out here.  Now, he's got to get her nice and hot, and then give her a 
good serving.  WE ARE ALL WATCHING WHEN THIS IS HAPPENING.  Then he's 
got to show all of us that he'll eat her pussy creampie.  That's 
right, while all the girls watch.  After that, they can go to the 
girl's room for more delights."

All the women wore excited smiles in anticipation of the evening.  
Joy, a petite woman in her mid-thirties with light colored wavy hair, 
continued.  Her short red party dress nicely showed off her bare legs 
and red pumps.

"If the guy decides he can't do it, he's got to leave and will never 
be invited back.  After that, the evening is all ours.  Each girl in 
turn gets her pick of the other guys, and you can either stay out here 
and socialize, or go to a room and get creampied to your heart's, or 
pussy's, delight, all night long!"

The other girls giggled.

"Okay, let's start.  All the guys, go to the other room and close the 
door.  The new guy is Dan.  We introduced him earlier.  Who has the 
dice?"

The males, including Dan and four others, left the living room.  They 
made conversation in their enclosed room.

"You nervous?" one of the experienced ones asked Dan.

"Yeah, a little.  Never done that before, but I've kind of always 
wanted to know what it's like."

"It's a real blast," one of the other experienced ones said.  "I get 
someone different each time, and man, they love being creampied.  Who 
do you like best?"

The conversation went on as they heard excited voices and giggling 
from the other room.  A few moments later Missy opened the door and 
said, "Dan, please come out here."

His heart raced as he approached the doorway.  Missy grasped his hand 
and led him to the living room.  The other women smiled and giggled.

Missy, a medium-tall blonde woman in her late thirties, had a 
pigeon-toed walk and a sweet voice.  Her loose-fitting casual dress 
came to rest above her knees.  She was proud of her well formed bare 
legs, and always showed them off.

"I got the top score, and you're my first choice," she said sweetly.  
"Now, the first thing you're supposed to do is take off all your 
clothes."  She stood with arms folded and watched as he fumbled with 
his clothes in front of all the girls.  After a moment he had them all 
off.

"Good.  Now let's go over here," she said, and walked over to an 
ottoman that was against a wall, and pulled it out several feet.  She 
smiled and hiked up her dress above her hips, revealing that she was 
without panties.  She seated herself on the ottoman, which placed her 
pussy at the optimum height for what she had in mind.  With her knees 
about six inches apart, she spread her feet and pointed her toes in 
slightly.  Then she beckoned Dan to come hither.

Dan stood in front of Missy, his erection growing in spite of his 
trepidation at being the only nude person in the room and being 
observed.  Her bright smile and mannerisms served to enhance his 
arousal.  She lightly palpated his cock and his ball sac with a light 
tickle touch.  "I want you to work up a good size cum," she said 
sexily.  She was aware that the males had been strongly encouraged to 
refrain from ejaculating for at least a few days before the party, 
although she was unsure of the extent of their compliance.

Dan's breathing deepened as Missy played and teased.  His cock 
stiffened and throbbed.  'Man alive,' he thought to himself, 'this 
chick is hot.  Even though she's older, I like the way she displays 
herself.  And those thighs.  Oh wow, those thighs are something else!'

Missy asked, "Do you want to eat my pussy first, or do you want to go 
right in?"  He paused, considering all his options and the audience.

"Here, I think you should go inside," she said, settling the matter.  
She slowly opened her legs and moved forward a little on the ottoman.  
"Come on and kneel between my legs."

She helped him get in position and then said, "Okay, come kiss me."

Their lips met, and as he pressed in for kisses, she guided his member 
up to her pussy.  He felt his throbbing cock at her entrance, and 
couldn't keep from thrusting inside.  Her pussy was wet and creamy, 
and felt good.  She put her hands on his bottom and said, "Keep 
kissing me, or play with my tits, or just hold on."  He leaned forward 
with his arms around her, and pumped.  In scarcely a few moments, he 
sped up the tempo and Missy knew he was about to squirt.

"Auuuuuugh!" he exclaimed.  Missy kept her hands on his bottom and 
made sure that he stayed inside her while ejaculating.  His face 
blushed a bright red hue, and Missy pulled him toward her.

"Stay inside for a bit," she whispered loudly.  "Yes, that feels so 
good."  He slowly pumped his hips several times, and then Missy let 
him slip out.  She released her hold on his hips and spread her legs 
even more.

Dan noticed that a dizzily sexy smile radiated from Missy's face.  
"I'm ready now," she said.

Joy intervened at this point, knowing that frequently a first-timer is 
very reluctant to follow through after ejaculating.  She went to Dan's 
side and coached him.

"Isn't that a delicious looking pussy!" she exclaimed.  "I bet it was 
sweet being in there - I wish I would have won first choice.  I'd love 
to feel your mouth on my pussy after your big hard cock has been in 
there, pumping and pumping.  Yum!"

Dan admitted to himself that Missy's freshly sexed pussy exuded 
sensuality.

"Go on and get your mouth over there on that beautiful pussy," Joy 
coached.  "It may feel a little strange at first, but once you follow 
through you'll find that you won't have it any other way."

Dan gazed at the translucent drops of semen mixed with Missy's juices 
which oozed from her sensitive labia.  The other girls gathered 
around, and he knew he'd have a hard time if he declined at this 
point.

He crouched down between Missy's thighs and grasped her legs.  He 
slowly approached her steaming pussy with his mouth.  She moaned as 
his tongue made its first contact, gliding over the surface of her 
labia.  After a few moments of this he pressed his mouth to her pussy 
and began to extract the profuse serving of cream that he helped put 
in there.

Missy's reaction was gratifying.  She unabashedly moaned aloud.  Her 
hips trembled as Dan's mouth became more aggressive.

"Oh, yes... Oh, God, yes!" Missy shouted.  Dan sucked harder, and 
Missy suddenly crested.  She reached forward and held Dan's head in 
place.

"Ahhhhh!  Ahhhh!  Ahhhhhh!"

"There now," Joy said to Dan, "that wasn't bad, was it?"

Dan had never been with a woman who had such an intense orgasm.  He 
admitted that he enjoyed it after he got started.  Missy got up and 
led him over to the sofa.  They sat close together and the party 
continued.

Joy let the other males come into the room, now that the novice had 
been initiated.  They lined up and each woman hooked up with her guy 
for the night.  After some small talk everyone knew that the 
atmosphere was so sexually charged that there was no use in delaying 
the inevitable.  Every couple retreated to a bedroom and began a long 
night of excited sexual bliss.

For several hours that night, sounds of feminine orgasms wafted 
through the air.  Everyone knew then that a woman was being pleasured 
after being pumped full of cum.

Missy was ecstatic with Dan's performance.  Her nurturing manner and 
pleasantness assured that he was constantly eager to plunge inside 
her.  After some wild thrusting, he burst forth and recklessly spurted 
inside her.  Then, over the next fifteen minutes he kissed and sucked 
on Missy's pussy while she squirmed and shook, and finally almost 
screamed out incoherently as she surrendered to the a wracking orgasm.

-----
This story is copyright 2004, 2006 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com).  All 
rights reserved.  No reposting without permission.
