A Grand Adventure
by Story Guy

Chapter 11

"I owe you a big thanks!" Ron said to Jess once they were away from the village and on their way back. "You were instrumental is us getting permission for access to the worksite. I think what really tipped it was you giving your panties to the chief's daughter. She was really thrilled, which made the chief very happy. I know it was hard for you. You OK now?"

"Yeah... It was embarrassing at first, but I didn't mind after. All the girls were topless anyway. Did you mind me staying topless? I thought if everyone else was..." Jess answered.

"I didn't mind at all, as long as you were comfortable. How you dress, or don't dress, is up to you," Ron chuckled.

"Well, I don't think I'll walk around camp half naked," Jess grinned. They continued talking. Jess had a lot of questions about the village and its people and Ron tried to answer them as best as he could, but the tribe wasn't well known.

It was getting dark when they got back and Jess was starved. The others at camp had already eaten, so the four ate together. It had been a long day and with all the walking Jess was tired. They cleaned up the area after they ate making sure everything was put away, then Ron and Jess went to their tent.

Ron closed the outside entrance flap to the tent to keep the bugs out, but the divider between the two sections was still open. Ron sat down at his desk and started working while Jess walked to the back section. She straightened out a little, then decided to go to bed. Her shorts and shirt needed to be washed, so as she took them off she dropped them into the wash bucket.

Now naked, Jess reclined down on her back on the sleeping mat. Even though nude, she didn't bother to cover up. The day's events had stimulated her. Instead she brought her hands up and behind her head and even opened her legs enough that she knew her pussy was exposed, but hoped she didn't appear too obvious about it.

Ron looked up and towards the section Jess was in, no doubt seeing her, but then returned to his work. She continued to watch him, still not covering. About 10 minutes later he shut off his lantern and walked into the rear section. "I'm going to do wash tomorrow. If you want me to do yours, put them in the wash bucket with mine," Jess offered as he looked at her nude body.

Ron didn't answer, but as he undressed he dropped his clothes into the bucket. His back was to her when he took his underwear off, baring his ass, and dropped them into the bucket. When he turned, Jess's eyes widened. He was hard. "Sorry," he muttered.

She had seen him hard before. He had already fucked her, but it had taken a while before he had gotten hard then. He lay down next to her on his side facing her. "It's OK. I don't mind," she answered softly. He reached down, pulling up the sheet, covering his member and covering Jess as well, but the sheet only came up to her waist. He settled and his arm went across her stomach.

Jess lay there for a few minutes, knowing he was hard, even though she couldn't see or feel him, and also aroused herself. It became obvious that Ron wasn't going to do anything, so Jess reached down, taking his hand, which was on her stomach, and moved it up to her breast. At first he did nothing, but he didn't pull away. His fingers began moving slightly, rubbing her nipple, which stiffened under his touch. "That feels good," she muttered and he immediately stopped. "Don't stop," she softly pleaded, to no avail.

She brought her hand up to his, pressing his hand to her breast, hoping he would continue, but still nothing happened. In desperation, she pushed down on his hand. He started to pull away, but she held him. She continued pushing down as she opened her legs more, finally pushing his hand to her pussy. After a long pause, he asked, "Are you sure?"

"Yes," she answered softly as she pushed his hand, mashing it into her pussy. Again he paused, then his fingers began moving slightly. Slowly she released the pressure she was putting on his hand, but was prepared to grab him again if he moved away. His fingers began to move more and found her clit. Her breath sucked in as those little jolts started running through her body.

With her hand now free, Jess reached for his cock. It was still stiff and seemed to twitch when she touched it. Her fingers roved over his manhood lightly. They rode up his cock, then down to his balls, exploring him. It wasn't the first time she had felt him, but it was the first time she really paid attention. As she explored him, her legs opened more giving him better access to her treasure. Tonight it was his treasure.

Her arousal was getting more intense and her pussy was getting wetter. Her hips, like they had a mind of their own, began moving in sync with his finger, which was plunging into her pussy. Jess could feel the wetness leaking from her pussy and her breathing was getting deeper.

His other hand slipped under her and he started to roll her on top of him. "No. You on top. I want you to do me," she whispered, even though there was no one who could have heard her anyway. He lifted and rolled and, as he did, her legs parted more letting him settle between them.

His hand moved up her body to her breast again. Her nips stood out for him as his palm almost scraped across her sensitive flesh. Her hips pushed up sandwiching his hard cock between her pussy lips. His hips started moving, sliding his cock along her slit and massaging her protruding clit, sending her arousal even higher. She could feel her orgasm begin to boil deep within her.

Jess tried reaching down between them to aim his cock, but he stopped her. "Don't rush," he said softly. She moaned in disappointment as her hips jutted up trying to capture his elusive cock in her pussy. He continued teasing her until her breathing became gasps. He somehow pulled back and as he slowly eased forward Jess felt his cock part her pussy lips and enter her body.

Jess exploded and her climax hit as he pushed his cock into her belly. "Yessss..." she hissed. Her hips jutted up to meet his and she ground herself vulgarly into him. He began pumping, moving his cock back and forth in her love tunnel. The stimulation was overwhelming her and Jess started squirming under him as her hips still pushed her pussy up swallowing his stiff erection.

Jess wrapped her legs around Ron trying to pull him deeper inside her. Her ass was bouncing off the mat as he fucked her with abandon. For the first time in her life she exploded for a second time as his cock pounded into her. He pushed into her harder than he had and she felt his cock pulsating. She gasped for air as his cum was pumped deep into her pussy.

Ron's movements slowed and finally stopped. Jess relaxed her legs and let them fall to his sides. Her hands roamed over his muscular ass. She was exhausted, but very happy and satisfied. For a while neither moved, but eventually Ron rolled off of her, pulling his cock from her ravaged pussy. Jess felt his cum start to ooze out of her. "I gotta pee," she told him.

He stood and extended his hand to help her up. She stood up and, as he headed for the doorway, looked for something to cover herself. "Don't bother," he told her.

"You want me to go out there naked?" Jess gasped.

"Why not? You got naked at the village today and even when you dressed you stayed topless. I trust you aren't worried about me seeing you. Everyone else, except for the watch, has gone to bed. I'm sure the watch won't care if you're naked. I'm not going to bother putting anything on. Just come," he argued.

Jess thought for a moment, shrugged, then followed him out of the tent. They only walked a short distance before stopping. Jess squatted down and, as she had been taught, pulled her pussy lips apart, then peed. As she did more cum dripped out of her pussy. The dripping slowed to almost nothing and Jess stood back up. Together, she and Ron walked back to their tent.


Chapter 12A

Jess was puttering around her "office" not really doing much. There were no expense reports since the first supplies shipment wasn't do for two more days and the excavations hadn't really started. They had been delayed while negotiating with the local tribe. Ron walked into the tent. "You ready to go?" he asked.

"Go where?" Jess questioned.

"The chief is having some sort of a tribal get together and invited us. I don't really have the time to spare, but it's important we keep him happy. Albert is staying in camp with the workers to get set up. The translator, you, and I will go to the village. We're leaving in about five minutes; as soon as the translator gets here," he answered.

Jess, even though she hadn't expected to go to the village, had nothing else planned, so it wasn't a big deal. The translator arrived and the three left with a village representative. It was a long walk and Jess was happy to finally see the village. The chief met them and all were smiling, making Ron happy with their acceptance. They could see the villagers getting ready with some cooking and others setting up things.

All were surprised when the chief's daughter addressed them. Through the translator, she told them she was impressed with their generosity giving her a gift (the panties) and she wanted to return the favor. She requested Jess to follow her to her hut. Jess looked at Ron and he nodded.

The two girls walked through the village. Jess noticed some of the villagers were wearing brightly colored sarongs which were mainly greens, blues, and yellows, but a few were orange or purple. They approached sort of a compound surrounded by a solid fence. There was an entryway to the compounded with a red cloth draped over it and with a guard, which the chief's daughter just walked by.

Inside the compound were a few huts and they walked up to one of them and the chief's daughter walked inside with Jess following. The chief's daughter leaned down and pulled something out of a trunk. Jess really didn't notice as she was looking around. She guessed it was the girl's hut, like her room. There was a bed, chairs, and a few other items scattered around.

The chief's daughter said something in her native language and held out what looked like a red cloth to Jess, keeping one like it for herself. Jess took the cloth, still not sure what it was. The girl then dropped the sarong she was wearing, baring herself, then wrapped the red cloth around her waist, knotting it, and Jess realized it was a sarong. She then gestured to Jess and Jess realized the girl wanted her to put on a matching sarong.

Jess sat down on one of the chairs, took her boots off, then her shorts. Since she had washed her panties the previous day, Jess was now naked from the waist down. With the girl's help, Jess wrapped the sarong around her waist and the girl showed her how to knot it. Jess smiled seeing the girl had given her a sarong that matched the one she was wearing.

She was still wearing her top and Jess hesitated for a moment, then unbuttoned her top and took it off. The chief's daughter smiled. Both girls were now wearing the same clothing and both were topless. Jess hadn't thought before, but as the two girls left the hut she wondered what Ron would think of her topless and dressed like the villagers. She carried her boots, top, and shorts close to her chest unsure of what the reaction might be to her current dress, or rather undress.

As they approached Ron and the chief, the chief smiled and spoke. The translator interpreted for Ron and he relayed the message to Jess. "The chief says you look nice in the dress of his people. You may not realize it, but the color red is reserved for the rulers only. The chief told me his daughter wanted you to wear the family colors. Put your clothes and boots into my backpack assuming you are OK being topless for the rest of the day."

"Do you mind me being topless?" Jess questioned, still not sure if it was OK for her to be topless. Ron shook his head. Jess stuffed her things into the backpack, then turned to Ron. "Tell her I am proud to wear her family colors," she smiled, looking at the girl. "Tell her my name is Jess and ask her what I should call her too," she added.

Ron relayed the message to the translator, who spoke to the chief's daughter, making everyone smile. The chief's daughter pointed at Jess, then said, "Jess," and Jess nodded. She then pointed to herself and said, "Zuri," and then pointed to her brother and said, "Hasani." Jess repeated the names, pointing at each as she did. All three laughed.

Everything was ready for the feast. The chief, his family, Ron, and Jess all sat together at a big table, and were served by the villagers. Jess ended up sitting between Zuri and Hasani. The translator didn't sit at the table, but stayed near by so his services could be used. The chief and his family were, of course, royalty to the villagers, but Jess was impressed when she too was treated as royalty.

They had a leisure meal, then sat back relaxing. Some of the villagers began dancing and what seemed to be a sort of entertainment. It was getting dark, but they had built a fire providing light. The chief's children engaged him in a short conversation and he nodded. Zuri said something to the translator and he, in turn, translated to Ron.

"She said the young people were going to a different fire and asked if you would like to join them. Would you?" Ron said to Jess and she nodded. "OK, you can go with them. Do not leave the village though. You will have to talk to them as best as you can. I'll keep the translator with me." He then said something to the translator and he said something to Zuri. She smiled and held out her hand to Jess, which she took.

Zuri, Hasani, and Jess left to go to the other fire. On the way Zuri said something to her brother, who nodded. As they passed Zuri's hut, inside the compound, Zuri pulled on Jess's arm and lead her to her hut. There was what looked like an oil lamp in the hut so it was light enough to see. Once inside Zuri said something, which of course Jess didn't understand. Zuri picked up a stick and drew something in the dirt.

Jess looked at it and giggled, but also nodded. Zuri had drawn the outline of what was obviously a boy's cock and balls. Zuri pointed at the drawing, then pointed to her crotch. With her other hand she made a half circle motion starting at her chest and ending at her crotch, then folded her arms and rocked them back and forth. Jess realized she was saying a boy puts his cock into a girl's pussy and then gets pregnant. Jess nodded, indicating she understood.

Zuri then pointed at her drawing again, but then pointed at her ass. Her free arm traced down her belly, which was naturally flat, she crossed her arms rocking them as she had before, but shook her head this time. Jess giggled as she nodded, knowing Zuri was telling her she couldn't get pregnant from anal sex. Zuri once again pointed to the drawing, pointed to her ass, then made a face like it hurt. Jess understood right away. She didn't know why Zuri was telling her that though.

Zuri looked around, then opened her chest and pulled out a clay covered jar, showing it to Jess. Jess was surprised when Zuri loosened the knot of her sarong and let it drop to the floor. She opened the jar and showed Jess the contents of it. It looked like some kind of cream to Jess. Jess noticed Zuri blush a little as she dipped her finger into the cream, turn around bending over, and rubbed her finger over her asshole. She then turned back around, pointed to the drawing, then her ass, but this time smiled and nodded. Jess wondered if Zuri was trying to tell her how to have anal sex, but wasn't sure, so indicated she didn't understand.

Zuri repeated her actions, but seemed to emphasize putting the cream on by scooping a large amount with her finger, showing it to Jess, then turning, bending over, and, reaching up between her legs, pushed the cream into her asshole and pushing her finger in as well. She repeated pushing some cream into her, then stood up, held the jar out to Jess, and pointed at Jess's ass.

It left no doubt what Zuri meant this time. Jess undid the knot on her sarong, letting it drop, then dipped her finger into the jar and spread some on the cream on her asshole. She found it very slippery. Zuri reached for Jess's hand, stretched out Jess's finger, and dipped it into the jar scooping out a big glob of cream. She then bent over and pushed her own finger into her ass as Jess watched again. Zuri stood and turned to face Jess again and seemed to push on Jess's back until she bent over. Zuri then moved Jess's cream covered finger to her ass, obviously indicating for Jess to put her finger into her own ass.

Jess blushed instinctively as she complied. Zuri took Jess's finger and again dipped it into the cream. Jess pushed more of the cream into her ass, then stood up to see Zuri smiling and nodding. She then picked up her sarong and knotted it around her hips again and indicated for Jess to do the same, which she did. The two then left the hut.

They walked out of the compound then around it to the rear section. As they walked around a bend Jess saw a small fire with six boys, including Hasani, and four girls. Two of the girls were the two offered to Ron and Jess didn't recognize the other two. The four girls were dancing around the fire and the boys were sitting around the fire, outside the girls, watching the girls dance.

Zuri took Jess aside and showed her the moves to the dance. It wasn't a complicated dance and Jess seemed to pick up the steps quickly. Zuri seemed pleased and lead Jess into the circle of girls and both joined in the dance. It was fun dancing seductively in front of the boys and Jess thought she could see the results of the dancing in the boys' crotches.

Jess was starting to get turned on. The native girls may have been comfortable being topless, like it was a normal thing, but Jess wasn't. To her it was sexual, very sexual. Seeing the boys hard was exciting her even more.


Chapter 12B

The girls danced around for a few minutes, then Jess saw one of the girls drop her sarong so she was dancing naked. What shocked her even more was seeing the other girls do the same. Zuri nudged her, then she dropped her sarong. Jess, not knowing what else to do, unknotted her sarong and tossed it over where Zuri had dropped hers.

The girls, now all completely nude, made another rotation around the fire. The girl who had dropped her sarong first held her hand out to one of the boys. He stood, then he dropped his sarong, exposing his erection. Jess's eyes widened as the girl reached down and wrapped her hand around his member, right in front of everyone.

Before Jess could recover, Zuri grabbed her hand and whispered, "Hasani", then pushed Jess's hand towards her brother. "Hasani," Zuri whispered again, then released Jess's hand and reached out to the boy seated next to him. Jess, not sure what was going on, didn't move.

Hasani stood and dropped his sarong, revealing his stiff cock, which Jess had seen before, but this time it was close. His dark skin made it look somehow bigger. Her eyes focused on his treasures. She hadn't moved or even notice the naked boy standing next to him, Zuri's partner, until Zuri's hand grabbed hers and moved it out to Hasani's erection.

The touch brought Jess out of her trance and her fingers wrapped around Hasani's hot hardness. As she did she looked over at Zuri, who was holding a cock even bigger than she was. As Jess stared at the stiff cocks, she completely forgot she was also naked until Hasani reached out and touched her breast. His hand slowly lowered to her pussy making her wet.

Jess was mesmerized until Zuri nudged her, bring her back to reality. She wanted Jess to move to the next boy. Jess moved and stood in front of the shortest boy. His cock wasn't as small as Jess expected. He, like the others, was stiff. She reached out touching him. He seemed to almost pose for her, pushing out his boyhood for her to explore. Once more Zuri pushed her.

The next boy was the tallest and also had the biggest cock. He was noticeably larger than the other boys. Like the others, he was uncut as well. Jess hadn't seen that many, but the boys in her school all seemed to be circumcised. In the village it was different. She reached out for the large erection and the equally large sack beneath it. Like the other boy had, he seemed to display his treasure for her. Her body was now in control.

She moved to the next boy and this time there was no hesitation as her fingers explored his boy parts. Every boy was lean and fit, not like the boys in her school. Each sported a rock hard cock pointing skyward and seemed proud of what he had, not trying at all to hide it. She couldn't picture the boys in her class like this at all.

Jess moved along the circle of boys, touching each one, then moved on until she reached Hasani again. Zuri nudged her, then moved around her chosen boy and the other girls did the same. Jess did as they did and the boys were now in the center with the girls outside them. Zuri opened her legs about shoulder width and indicated Jess do the same, which she did.

The boys turned and faced the girls. Each placed their hand between his girl's legs. Jess sucked in her breath as Hasani's hand came in contact with her pussy and a finger pressed into her slightly. She was ready for more, but he moved to the next girl and a new boy appeared before Jess, Zuri's boy.

Jess was surprised when he reached out and his finger went into her pussy, but didn't stop him. It actually excited her more and her pussy was now drooling. Her eyes dropped to his stiff cock which seemed to be looking back at her. His finger pulled out of her leaving an almost empty feeling and he moved on to the next girl.

Another boy now stood before Jess. Like the last had, his hand reached out and his finger went into her pussy. He wasn't as gentle as the other two boys had been, but it didn't bother Jess at all. The differences in their touches only made her more horny. She admired his lean body and especially his erect cock. The urge to touch him was almost more than she could resist, but none of the other girls were touching the boys, only being touched by them, so Jess didn't follow her urges.

Each boy, in turn, stood before Jess and fingered her. Her body was reacting and she wanted more. When Hasani finally stepped in front of her again, instead of fingering her, he stepped behind her. The other boys did the same with their chosen girls. Zuri nudged her, then knelt down, still facing the fire, and Jess did the same, not knowing what was going on, but the other girls were all doing the same thing.

Zuri leaned forward, placing her elbows on the ground. Jess looked around and saw the other girls all doing the same thing, so she did also. Zuri reached out taking Jess's hand just as she felt something touch her asshole. Jess's eyes widened and she looked over at Zuri to see her smiling. She nodded to Jess and held her hand tightly as Hasani, who was behind Jess, pushed something into Jess's ass.

Jess now understood why Zuri had put the slippery substance on and in her asshole and had Jess do the same thing. Jess looked around. Each girl had a boy behind her and it seemed each was getting fucked in the ass. A couple were really getting into it. Hasani pushed into her slowly, but the pressure was building. Jess felt her ass opening and what had to be his cock slide into her.

Although she would have preferred to have his cock in her pussy, it was strangely erotic to have her ass fucked in front of a group of people. What she thought would be embarrassing actually excited her. Jess looked around. The girls were all kneeling like she was and behind each was a boy no doubt putting his cock into his chosen girl's ass. Some of the boys were starting to pump, jarring the girls as they slammed into their asses.

Thankfully Hasani was going slow, but steadily pushed his stiff member into her. Jess felt her ass stretching to accommodate him. There was some discomfort, but it didn't really hurt, just felt big inside her. As he sank in deeper into her, she definitely know he was in her ass, but she could also feel pressure inside her pussy. That full feeling intensified and Jess wondered if she would be able to take all of him, but then she felt his body snug up against her ass and he stopped going deeper into her, telling her he was in as far as he could go.

He slowly backed off some, then pushed back into her. Jess felt Zuri's grip on her hand tighten and she looked over. Zuri's eyes were closed and her boy started pushing into her, backing out slightly, then shoving back into her jarring her as he did. It looked like Zuri was in sync with him, pushing against his cock when he pushed in.

Hasani's pace began increasing, his belly slapping her ass with every thrust. The fullness was still there, but the discomfort had passed. His hard cock was embedded into her ass and her pussy was drooling as he fucked her. The others faded from her mind as her focus turned to the pole in her ass.

He pushed forward hard, almost pushing her down, and she felt his cock pulsating deep within her. Jess knew he was filling her ass with his cum. Zuri groaned softly and Jess knew she was climaxing. Hasani suddenly lunged into her and Jess ended up flat on her belly with him on top of her and his cock firmly jammed into her ass. His cock was almost vibrating as he ground it into her.

Finally his thrusts slowed and eventually stopped. His cock was still inside her, but he seemed to be shrinking. He stayed still for a moment, then pulled out of her. Jess didn't move until she felt Zuri's hand move. She looked over to see Zuri rise up on her knees with a big grin. Jess managed to get into a kneeling position. Her legs felt weak and her asshole definitely knew it had been fucked. She sat back down on her feet and felt the cum oozing out of her ass.

The other couples began to stir. One girl was still in a kneeling position with a boy snugged up against her ass, another was sitting on her feet, but her boy had his hand on her pussy, reaching around from behind. The other two couples stood and wandered away into the darkness. Zuri said something to her boy and then to her brother and the three had a short conversation.

Jess couldn't help but smile. The hard, stiff cocks all the boys had shown off were now limp and hanging down. Zuri took Jess's hand and seemed to want her to stand, which she did. Zuri then picked up the sarongs and handed Jess hers. The two girls knotted their sarongs as the boys picked up there's, covering their boyhood, much to Jess's disappointment. She liked them naked.

Zuri beckoned to her and the four headed back to where the adults were. They more or less paired off. Hasani's hand reached out to Jess, who was walking beside him, and ended up resting of her just fucked ass.


Chapter 13

The four approached the adult celebration and walked up to where the chief was. Ron was seated next to him. Jess felt a bit awkward. Cum was still drooling slowly out of her asshole from getting fucked earlier. She could help but blush when Ron looked at her, but then noticed his shorts were undone and a native girl was next to him. The chief, Zuri, and Hasani had a short conversation, then the chief addressed the translator.

The translator spoke to Ron. Ron then turned to Jess. "We will be spending the night in the village. It's not safe going back in the dark. You have a choice. The chief's daughter has invited you to stay in her hut for the night or you can stay in the hut I'll be in. Normally I would tell you to stay with me, but the chief's family is in a compound that has a guard posted and he assures me you will be quite safe there and you seem to be getting along well with her. What would you like to do?" Ron explained to Jess. Zuri said something to the translator, who relayed it to Ron. "She says you are welcome to stay with her if you like."

Jess looked at Zuri, who nodded excitedly. "It's OK with you if I stay in her hut?" Jess questioned and Ron nodded. "OK, I'll stay with her then. Can you tell her for me?" Jess answered. Ron relayed the message through the translator and Zuri nodded and smiled. She then grabbed Jess's hand and the four walked away from the group. Jess glanced back and saw the native girl's hand slip into Ron's shorts.

The four walked to the compound where Jess was to sleep but stopped in front of a hut and Hasani went in. He came out after a short time and handed something to Zuri. She took it and wrapped it in her sarong, then they proceeded. The group stopped at the guard and Hasani said something to him, then entered the compound after whispering something to the boy who had been with Zuri. He walked to the left and Zuri walked to the right toward her hut followed by Jess.

The two girls entered the hut and Zuri closed the door and put what seemed to be a wooden bar across it, securing it. There was a low burning lamp in the hut and she turned up the flame giving more light. She sat down on one of the mats on the floor and gestured to Jess offering the other mat to her, which Jess sat on. Zuri pulled the items Hasani had given her that she had hidden in her sarong out, then untied her sarong, and let it drop down onto the mat.

Jess, not sure what to do, untied her sarong and, like Zuri, let it fall onto the mat. Both girls were now nude. Zuri, smiling, pointed to herself and said, "Zuri," then pointed to Jess and said, "Jess." Jess nodded. Zuri then pointed at herself again and said "Zuri," then pointed between her legs and said something in her native tongue. She then pointed to Jess and said, "Jess," then pointed between Jess's legs and touched her ear. Jess was puzzled, so Zuri repeated what she had done and Jess realized she was asking for a word. "Pussy" she answered smiling. Zuri went through the same routine, but when she pointed at her pussy or Jess's pussy, said "pussy."

Zuri then drew an outline of a cock on the ground and looked at Jess while pointing to the drawing. "Cock," Jess smiled and Zuri repeated the word. Zuri then pointed at the cock, saying, "cock," then at her pussy, saying, "pussy," then made a semicircle from her chest to her waist and Jess realized what she was saying from before and nodded.

She then held up the items which her brother had given her. To Jess, they looked sort of like a short cigar, or a sausage wrapped in leaves, with a string of sorts tied to one end. Zuri handed one to Jess, then dipped the one she had in a bowl of water for a minute or so, took it out, leaned back spreading her legs in front of Jess. Her fingers went to her pussy and she parted her pussy lips with one hand, then took the item from the water and pushed it into her pussy.

Zuri sat back up, then pointed to the cock, pointed to her pussy, made the semicircle motion again, but shook her head. She moved her hand across her flat belly instead and nodded. Zuri then pointed to the cigar like thing that Jess was holding, pushed the bowl of water to her, and said, "Pussy."

Jess realized she was being told to put the object into her pussy. She was nervous, didn't know what the object was, but strangely trusted Zuri. Jess dipped it into the water and started to pull it out, but Zuri put her hand on Jess's and held it down. After a brief pause, Zuri pulled her hand back and nodded. Jess pulled the now wet item from the bowl, leaned back, spread her pussy lips with her fingers, and pushed the object into her.

It wasn't the first thing she had pushed into her pussy. What girl hadn't tried putting something into her pussy? The object slid in easily. Jess could feel it inside of her, but there was no real discomfort or anything. Zuri pushed Jess's hand away and then looked closely at her pussy. She smiled and nodded after seeing Jess had inserted the object.

Jess heard a soft knock on the cover on the window at the back of the hut. Zuri jumped up, still naked, and released the cover, pushing it out a bit. Hasani climbed into the hut through the opening. He said something to Zuri and she immediately lay down on her back and opened her legs, completely exposing her pussy to him. He knelt down between her open legs, grabbed the string, and pulled on it until the object poked out of her pussy. He then pushed it back into her with his finger and stood back up.

Zuri didn't seem a bit bothered by the fact her brother had just looked at her most private part. He said something to her making her smile, then climbed out of the window opening again. Zuri stood and went to the opening, motioning Jess to look as well. Jess watched as Hasani knelt down and seemed to untie the bottom of the logs making up the fence. They parted and the boy who had been with Zuri squirmed through the opening. Both boys then scurried back to the hut and climbed through the opening.

The boys seemed to have a small conference in the corner with their backs to the girls. Zuri leaned toward Jess, pointed to the cock outline she had drawn on the ground, pointed to her pussy, then shook her head. She then pointed to the boys behind her, pointed to her pussy, then held up one finger. Jess was surprised and wondered if Zuri was trying to tell her she was going to lose her virginity tonight.

With their little conference over, the boy Zuri had been with earlier walked over to her and put his arms around her. Zuri said something in her native language, but did say, "Jess," during her statement, then looked back and forth between the two boys. Her brother nodded, seemingly pleasing Zuri. Jess watched as the boys untied their sarongs and drop them to the ground, revealing two very stiff cocks.

Zuri giggled, then got on her hands and knees, nudging Jess urging her to do the same. Jess complied and Zuri whispered, "Hasani," before standing back up. Jess went to rise up as well, but Zuri put her hand on Jess's shoulder, pressing down, and indicating evidently she should stay down as she was.

Jess looked behind her as Hasani knelt down. She felt his hand push between her legs, so opened them giving him access. Jess couldn't help but blush as she felt him grasp the string and pull the object from her pussy, casting it aside. The feeling of it sliding out of her made her pussy wet. His finger slid along her wet pussy grazing against her clit as he did and making her open her legs more. His finger pulled away and she felt something else push against her dripping hole.

His cock easily glided into her. Her ass pushed back instinctively as he moved forward. He slowly filled her waiting pussy. Hasani paused once he was fully inside her, then began to pump his ass, driving his cock in and out of her. Jess's eyes closed as her body focused on her pussy and the sensations it was generating. His pace increased, multiplying those sensations.

Jess could feel her pending orgasm beginning to boil. Suddenly she became aware something was rubbing her clit. She looked over and saw Zuri smiling at her and realized she was the one stimulating her clit. Zuri nodded and looked questioningly at Jess. Jess, now too far gone, just nodded back at her, her body floating with all the sensations.

Hasani was pounding into her, his belly slapping her ass and jarring her with every stroke. She heard him gasp and felt his cock almost vibrating. Zuri continued to stimulate her clit and tipped Jess over the edge. Her orgasm shook her body. Hasani continued pistoning her pussy, dragging her orgasm out of her body.

He finally pushed into her hard. Zuri pulled her hand away. Jess's head hung down as she breathed hard trying to catch her breath. Hasani mercifully pulled out of her allowing her body to begin to settle. She collapsed down, now exhausted. Jess wasn't sure how long she lay there, but eventually rolled over and sat up. Hasani was sitting on his feet, his shinny cock now hung limply between his legs.


Chapter 14

Jess looked around a little uneasy. Zuri was smiling as was Hasani. The other boy was still hard, but looked a little nervous. He finally sat down next to Zuri. She said something and her brother nodded. Cautiously she reached down for his stiff cock and whispered something to him. He nodded and smiled at her.

Zuri looked up at Jess. She then pointed to her brother's still limp cock, then at Jess's drooling pussy and nodded. Zuri then pointed to the stiff cock of the boy next to her, pointed at her own pussy, then held up a finger. Jess still wasn't sure what Zuri was trying to tell her, but nodded anyway.

Hasani said something and Zuri nodded. She stood up and walked to the corner, bringing back a small container of water and a cloth. She knelt down in front of the boy, dipped her cloth into the water, and began washing his cock. He smiled as she did. Jess noticed his cock twitching.

Zuri then moved to her brother. As she sat down in front of him, he rose up so he was standing on his knees. Jess was surprised when she reached out and began touching his cock and balls. The boy didn't seem to mind as she seemed to be trying to stimulating him. It wasn't long until his cock began to engorge, growing and stiffening as she rubbed him.

Jess had no idea what was going on, but the other three seemed to understand and seemed happy when he became erect again. Zuri began stroking him, almost like she was giving him a hand job. She watched him with a big grin. Finally he nodded to her and she stopped manipulating him and started washing his cock.

When she finished she pulled a low table from against the wall and moved it to the center of the hut. She then proceeded to place a mat on the table and looked at Hasani, who nodded. Zuri held out her hand to the boy. He took it and moved to the end of the table, where he knelt. She looked back over at her brother who once again nodded.

Zuri lay on the table on her back. She said something to Hasani and he nodded. Her hand extended towards Jess. Jess moved closer, took Zuri's hand, and she held it tightly as her legs lifted and parted, exposing her pussy to all. Hasani stepped forward and took the string hanging out of Zuri's pussy, pulling the object out, then showed it to the boy and nodded.

The boy knee walked up to Zuri, took his stiff cock in his hand, and aimed it at Zuri's pussy. He looked at her and she nodded, then he looked at Hasani, who also nodded. Very slowly he pushed his cock forward, parting Zuri's pussy lips. Jess felt Zuri's grip tighten as the boy's cock began sliding into her.

Jess was surprised at how slow the boy was going. It was almost like a ritual. All were silent except for the occasional sound Zuri was making; sometimes her breath hissed, sometimes a low, almost silent groan. Finally the boy seemed fully embedded into Zuri.

Instead of starting to fuck her, he leaned forward and his chest came in contact with hers. Once in position he became still and Zuri released Jess's hand, then brought her two hands to the boy's ass. She seemed to pull his ass cheeks apart. Hasani dipped his finger into the jar of cream Jess hadn't noticed before, but recognized as it was the one she and Zuri had used earlier before going to the fire.

Jess's eyes widened as Hasani put his coated finger on the boy's asshole and spread the slippery substance on his asshole. Hasani then positioned himself behind the boy, grasped his once again stiff cock, and aimed it at the boy's rear opening. Jess was shocked when Hasani began pushing into the boy.

The boy made no sounds, but his face slightly grimaced as Hasani's cock pushed into his ass. Hasani didn't rush, but did go faster than the boy had entered Zuri. Once Hasani stopped pushing forward, seemingly completely into the boy, Zuri released the boy's ass and once more reached for Jess's hand, again squeezing it tightly.

Hasani slowly began to fuck the boy's ass. Jess was fascinated, but also horrified at the same time. She knew what “gay” was, but had never witnessed it and now two boys were doing it right in front of her. She watched in amazement as Hasani's cock pulled out of the boy's ass partially, then push back into him.

Girls sometimes got fucked in the ass and she had even done it. Jess rationalized it must be the same thing even if it was a boy getting fucked and not a girl. Hasani was increasing his speed and his intensity. The boy was being jarred and Jess knew his cock was moving inside Zuri's pussy as a result. It had to be affecting her as Zuri's breathing seemed to be getting deeper and her eyes were closing some. Her grip on Jess's hand continued to be tight though.

It wasn't long before Hasani shoved into the boy hard, paused, then began erratically pumping. Jess guessed he was climaxing. He was pushing in so hard Zuri was even moving. He slowed and finally stopped. Slowly Hasani backed away, pulling his cock from the boy's ass. Jess's jaw dropped as she noticed the boy's asshole gaping open and she thought she could see white cum begin to dribble out. His asshole slowly closed back up.

Hasani said something and the boy straightened up, but his cock was obviously still in Zuri's pussy. A grin came over her face as the boy began pumping in and out. Slowly his intensity increased. Zuri's grip on Jess's hand loosened, but she still held it. Jess watched in fascination as the boy's cock partially eased out of Zuri's pussy, then pushed back in. It was the first time Jess had ever watched another girl get fucked.

Zuri and the boy continued to fuck and Zuri seemed to be getting into it. Her heels anchored onto the edge of the table and her ass lifted, pushing her pussy up for the boy. He began pushing into her harder, jarring her body with every pump. Jess saw his face grimace and he pushed in hard, paused a moment, then pump faster. She knew he was climaxing.

The boy pumped a few more times, then stopped and slowly pulled his spent cock from Zuri's pussy. Zuri hadn't moved. The boy's cum began drooling out of her pussy. After a few moments Zuri's feet dropped to the floor and she propped her upper body up with her elbows. She looked over at Jess and smiled blushing slightly.

Zuri said something to Hasani and he nodded, then seemed to answered her. The boy nodded, then both boys grabbed their sarongs. Zuri stood up and hugged the boy. She opened the window opening and both boys climbed out. Jess stood and walked to Zuri and watched out the opening. The boys opened the fence and Hasani let the other boy go out before securing the fence again. He then walked away to where his hut was.

Jess realized then how tired she really was. Zuri pulled out what seemed to be two sleeping mats and two blankets. She spread them out on the floor, then knelt down on one and gestured to the other. Jess knelt down on the mat and watched as Zuri lay down, still naked, and covered herself with her blanket. Jess did the same and quickly fell asleep.

It seemed like she has just dozed off when voices awoke her. Jess opened her eyes and it was light out. The door opened and the chief and Ron walked in. "We need to get going. Do you want your shirt and top to wear back?" Ron asked and Jess nodded. He pulled his knapsack off his shoulder and rummaged through it, dropping Jess's panties, shorts, shirt, and boots to the ground beside her. Jess sat up, then realized she was still naked, so kept the blanket at her waist. "Come on, let's go," Ron urged, then saw Jess look over at the chief, but still didn't move. "He's seen you naked already," Ron commented, slightly irritated.

By this time Zuri had awoken also and climbed out from under her blanket, standing up even though she was naked as well. It didn't seem to bother her that her father and Ron were there, so Jess cast off her blanket and reached for her panties. Zuri noticed them and sighed, obviously envious. "When will we be going back to Europe? ...not to stay, but just for a few days?" Jess asked Ron.

"We are scheduled to be there this coming weekend. We'll leave Thursday, fly out Friday, and return on Monday. Why?" he answered.

"Would it be OK if I gave these to Zuri? Can I get more when we go back? I can live wearing none until I get more and Zuri seems to really like them and she's been nice to me. Is it OK if I give them to her and wear none for now?" Jess questioned and Ron nodded. Jess held the panties out to Zuri.

Zuri looked at her father and he nodded. She giggled as she accepted the panties. Jess pointed at the tag, then at her back. Zuri knowingly nodded, shifted the panties around a little, then stepped into them. She now had a big grin on her face. Jess put on the clothes she had left. They walked to the compound entrance where the translator was waiting along with a guide to take them back to their camp.

They said their good byes as they walked to the edge of the village. Zuri almost proudly walked with them dressed only in her new panties. It seemed strange to Jess that something so simple impressed Zuri so, but it made her feel good. Ron, Jess, the translator, and the guide headed out on the long walk back.




15

