..thinking all day about how i went down on you earlier in your kitchen
whilst you tended to your cuppa..  and then admiring how sweetly i
swallowed your thick spunk; how primly i wiped the corners of my mouth and
rose from my knees to wink and prop myself against the counter whilst we
wait on the kettle..  you couldnt wait to get your fucking hands on me.  so
you've taken me in your arms and given me a passionate, deep kiss.  then
you whisper for me to take my clothes off..  slow..  so you can enjoy the
show..  keeping eye contact, i unbutton my jeans..  then i take the pencil
from my hair and shake it loose..  letting it fall down around my
face..lifting my shirt over my head and letting it slip out of my hands and
onto the floor..  reaching back now, unfastening my bra and it joins my
shirt.  biting my lower lip and smiling at you, i unzip my levis slowly and
pull them down,wriggling them over my hips and stepping out of them when
they fall past my knees; pausing for a moment..  i wait for
instruction.'take them off, mel'..  i peel my purple cotton panties off as
well..and step out of one leg; leaving the other around one ankle like a
proper whore. ..taking a fist full of my hair, you pull me to you and hiss
in my ear that you want me on my hands and knees..  as you've instructed, i
kneel down plant my palms on the ground.  i feel your glorious hands
parting my ass cheeks so that both of my holes are exposed..  displayed
sweetly for you; glistening already.  smacking the backs of my legs, then
my ass..again, then again HARD..  then rubbing sweetly over my blushing,
abused skin.  i can feel your breath draw in close to me and then your
glorious soft tongue laps deeply from the top of my cunt all the way to my
asshole..slowly..so slowly..i whimper. ..you reach your forearm across my
belly and grab my hair with the other; pulling me around forcefully.  'are
you enjoying this, my cumslut?!' you growl and then push your hard cock
into my mouth so unexpectedly that i gag and tears well in my eyes..  but i
smile as you pull out so i may catch my breath..  then you start to fuck my
face.  slow shallow thrusts while i tongue the tip and along the length of
your shaft..  and then pushing it deep into my throat and holding it
there..pulling out just before my head is dizzy from depravation of oxygen.
drool runs out the sides of my mouth and coats your balls.. .you lift me
onto your bed and spread my legs wide; instructing me to finger myself. 
you watch as i circle my clit with my middle finger with a tiny, slow
movement..  enjoying the blush of my face and the wetness that now covers
my slippery fingers.  you whisper for me to put that finger inside me and i
do so..  your cock twitches, visibly, as you watch my slender finger
disappear into the folds of my glistening cunt.  'mmm.  youre getting
fucking wet..  dirty slut, fingering yourself on me bed..' you chide as i
look into your eyes..  begging for your touch.. ..'very well', you respond
to my silent plea..  'does my wet little whore need some help?' i whimper
softly as you run your middle finger all around mine; busy with my own
finger fucking..  and you slip it inside my asshole without so much as a
warning..  after the initial surprise and a bit of obsene cooing from you,
i relax and accept your finger, knuckle deep..  in rhythm, we're both
fingering me..  and im about to fucking come off the fucking bed..and float
into the atmosphere..toes curled.. ..i can see, by the movement of both
your shoulders, that you're stroking your cock with the same tempo as your
finger is fucking my ass..  thats it..  i cum immediately..  gripping your
finger tightly as you lean in to suckle my clit deep into your mouth.. 
fucking me furiously with that finger..  and swallowing my honey over and
over..  its trickling into your beard.OMG!  i remove my finger and you
follow suit..  i collapse , legs parted wide and obscene..  and breathing
deeply..  blushing everywhere; tousled hair, trembling thighs..  the waves
of orgasm ebbing softly into an exquisite heady high.  you take a fistful
of my hair in your hand move into kiss me..  i can taste my pussy on your
tongue and i moan deeply..  into your opened mouth.  you pull me up gently
to standing..  then push me down onto my knees..  i begin kissing your cock
softly..  suckling your balls, tugging at them..  stroking your cock whilst
my mouth follows..  tonguing the tip at times, then dancing along the
length of your shaft in others..  my nails are digging into your ass.  you
love the way i look with a mouthful of your throbbing cock..  lust takes
over and you shove my head into you..  holding me in place til drool runs
from the sides of my mouth and onto your balls..  then you release me/ im
gasping for breath..  i look up at you and smile, keeping my eyes locked to
yours as i take you back into my hungry wet mouth again..  stroking you in
rhythm..  cupping your balls..  sucking hard as i reach the head and then
relaxing my throat to take you back in to the hilt..  every so often, you
again take my hair in your fist and hold me there..  your cock deep in my
throat..  gagging sweetly..  eyes watering..."if you're a good little
whore, i'll let you cum again after you eat my asshole".  you withdraw and
step back..  grining devilishly, you lie back on your bed, wrapping your
arms around your legs..  then raise up just enough to see if im with you..
but im already covering your asshole with my mouth..  and breathing..  and
french kissing, for lack of a better word, your glorious back door..  as i
press either side with the edges of my thumb of both hands..  penetrating
tongue lashings..  i bury my finger in my soaked pussy whilst rimming you
gently..  teasingly.  holding your cock up towards your belly with my free
hand, i trail the soft mid of my tongue from your asshole..  up behind your
balls..  suckling them a bit..  then up the underside of your shaft to suck
your bell end..  then back down again..  over and over. .sloppy and loud
and rhythmic..  then with coaxing thumbs..  alternating..  over and over
and over..  i edge their tips closer and closer to your hole..  commanding
that asshole to open up for me..  to let me inside..  palms flat on your
cheeks now and pulling them apart, i press my face hard into you and
nibble..  then suck..  then lap fervently..  then wrist upturned..  i try
to enter you..  but your inpenetrable..  i wrap hand around your cock and
begin to stroke you fully and firmly..  then continue to attempt a ring
finger..  slowly..  you relax and the wet sloppy entry appears..  you
breath out deeply as i push inside you..  to the first knuckle..  and bend
to a come hither..  and slide so easily innnnn and ooooout..  innnn and
oooout..  you've taken the reigns and stroke your cock absent mindedly as
you lay back and enjoy my full finger..  twisting, palm up and to each
side..  as i fuck you like my bitch..because im YOUR bitch..  and you
commanded it..  and i love it..spitting and licking and sucking and
fingering your happy hole until i think you're gonna lose your mind.. 
keeping my finger inside you..  i ease my way to standing and you scoot to
the edge of the bed..  positioning your legs so that my arm is between
them, in front of me..  with middle finger still, best i can manage, inside
your asshole, i lower myself, rear facing, onto your lap and impale myself
on your raging hard cock..  no resistance at all.  i sink to the hilt.. 
with a loud, obscene slap of thighs against thighs..  sweaty and gooey and
glorious..  im planted above you and you're fucking up toward me while i
crook my finger and graze that sweet spot inside you with only the firm
pressure of its tip on each downward thrust to meet yours up.  your forearm
is bracing my body..  hand at my shoulder, elbow at my hipbone..  keeping
me from falling over as i focus on that finger in your asshole..  then i
withdraw, scoot up your body until we're in a 69 and youre devouring my
wet, wet cunt and im watching my small finger disappear inside your
asshole..  hearing you moan deeply..feeling your breath change as your
mouth covers my pussy.  im stroking your cock now..  in time with the
fucking im giving you with my finger..  and pre cum oozes from your head..
you're writhing beneath me..  and eating my cunt so fucking good..  im
flooding your beard with honey..  i dismount and you sit up, beckoning.. 
positioning me on all fours and smacking my ass hard..  then again,
HARDER.. i moan deep and primal as you drive your magnificent cock into my
soaking wet cunt.  you gasp at how hot and fucking wet it is..  and how i
hug your cock so fucking tightly..  you're fucking me hard..  with your
fingers joining the rhythm inside my other hole..  one then two fingers in
and out..hard..  then pulling out to admire how it gapes from the fucking
by your expert hand..  you lean over on top of me..  kissing my tattoo.. 
holding my hips firmly, you plow mercilessly into me..  my ass rippling off
of your hips with each thrust..  suddenly, your balls swell and tighten and
you fuck me faster..  deeper..  your hand has reached up and covered my
mouth to keep me from screaming as you feel a gush of fucking hot cum flood
our sex and you edge ever closer to exploding inside me; turned on more
than you ever thought possible..  by your trembling, limp fuckdoll.. 
impaled on your cock; cumming hard too..  as your spunk gushes out from all
sides with each pounding thrust. 
