Train Ride to Ecstasy
By Imogen Anderson

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The following story is a work of fiction containing a lesbian encounter between
two adults. [FF first] If you are offended by this please do not read any further.

If you do choose to read my story, please drop me a line at imogenanderson@hotmail.com
I am very new to the world of erotic writing and would appreciate any feedback.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TRAIN RIDE TO ECSTACY
By Imogen Anderson


I had always been intrigued by the thought of sleeping with another woman.  
My fantasies had run wild as a teenager and now in my mid-twenties, I 
thought it was time that I ventured out and experienced the real thing.

I had heard about a service that exclusively catered for women who were 
seeking that extra special experience of being with another woman.  
This service operated out of a private train.  The basic deal was that you
boarded the train and were able to choose a particular woman you would like 
to be with and go for it.  Kind of like a brothel, but it seemed very private
and discreet.  I decided that this was the way to go for me.  I was not 
interested in a relationship with a woman, I love men and have always had men 
in my life, but there was a deep yearning inside of me to fulfil this fantasy.
The train ride seemed like the perfect set up with no strings attached.

So, my night finally came.  I was so nervous.  What should I wear?  How 
should I do my hair?  I had no idea what to expect, so I dressed in a simple
black skirt and bright pink top.  I kept my hair and makeup natural so as not 
to look too overdone.

I arrived at the station and looked around - thankfully I couldn't see anyone 
I knew.  There were a few other women on the platform looking as nervous as I 
felt.  No one spoke.  The doors to the train slowly opened and I stepped inside.
The interior was plush and welcoming, I immediately felt at ease and knew this 
was going to be a great night.  A pretty blond girl came up to me and introduced
herself as Polly.  

"Welcome.  Come with me and we'll sign you in," Polly said with a friendly 
smile.  

I followed her to a room where she showed me a wall with about twenty pictures
of beautiful girls.  

"Who would you like to be with this evening?" Polly said.  

I scanned the photos but it wasn't long before I found her.  Her name was 
Allie.  She was striking and her eyes were so entrancing.  I got goosebumps 
just looking at her.

After a few formalities, Polly led me to a bathroom where she instructed me 
to take a shower and then proceed down the hall to Room 103.  

"I'll let Allie know you're here", Polly said as she left the bathroom.  

I stripped off and stepped into the shower.  I couldn't believe how excited 
I was.  As the warm water ran over my naked body I fantasized about Allie and
what awaited me in Room 103.  I lathered the luxurious soap over my skin.  
My nipples were so erect and I could feel the warmth of my pussy starting to
spread through my entire body.  I wanted to touch myself to orgasm, but 
resisted the urge - I should keep my climax for Allie.  I got out of the 
steamy shower and toweled off.  Polly had left a fluffy bathrobe for me 
to wear.  I slipped it on, took a deep breath and made my way to Room 103.  

When I got to the room, I hesitated.  What if Allie didn't like the look 
of me?  What if she didn't want to be with me?  I tried to stop these negative 
thoughts.  This was Allie's job.  I had paid for this experience and I was 
going to make certain that it was everything I had dreamed of.

I knocked on the door and a voice told me to come in.  I slowly opened the 
door and there she was.  Allie was so much more beautiful in real life.  
She was absolutely stunning.  She had long straight black hair and the most 
incredible blue eyes I'd ever seen.  

"Come in Imogen and close the door", she said.  

Allie got up off the bed and walked towards me.  

"Is this your first time?" she smiled sweetly at me.  

"Yes, and I'm so nervous," I said, my voice shaking.  

"Don't be nervous, we're going to have a wonderful time together." 

Allie moved closer to me and slowly removed the little black slip she was
wearing.  I was in awe of her.  She looked gorgeous standing there naked in 
front of me.  Her body wasn't skinny and she had curves in all the right places,
she was so womanly.  She then reached for my robe and pushed it gently off my 
shoulders.  It fell to the floor and there I was, naked, and I was surprised 
that I didn't feel embarrassed.  I felt totally comfortable with Allie.  She 
looked me up and down and smiled as she put her hands on my shoulders and kissed 
me.  I had never kissed a girl before.  It was incredible.  Her lips were so 
soft and we were totally caught up in the warmth of each other's mouth.  Allie 
then broke away and led me to the bed.

We sat on the edge and spoke about the kind of things I would like to do. 
Allie realised I was unsure of what to do and needed her guidance, so she 
said she would start with a few things and then I could follow.  She 
reassured me that I did not have to do anything I was uncomfortable with 
as this was my experience to enjoy.

Allie gently stroked my face and kissed me again.  She eased me down so I 
was lying on the bed and then she lay on top of me.  We continued to kiss for 
a while and I could feel the emotion stirring within me.  She began to 
kiss my neck and chest and then concentrated on my breasts.  She suckled 
gently on my nipples, which rose as her tongue swirled around them.  
I let out a sigh and thought I could come just at this.  Allie sat up a 
bit and began to massage my breasts.  Her hands were so soft and delicate 
as they skimmed over me.  My breasts had always been particularly sensitive 
to touch and this was enough to send me over the edge.  She stopped just in 
time and continued to kiss her way down over my tummy.  She came to my 
pussy, which I had shaved especially for tonight.  

"Wow, I love bald pussies," she whispered.  

She slowly opened my thighs and positioned herself between them.  
She ran her hand over my mound and then gently began to rub her thumb over 
my clit.  I arched my back and sighed as she did this.  How was I going to 
last all night?

Allie bent down and started to lick me.  Her tongue felt like fire working 
it's way over my moist lips.  

"You're so wet," she said excitedly.  

Her tongue went deeper and she began to dart it in and out of my pussy.  
She then concentrated on my clit once again while she eased a finger into 
my pussy.  Oh God!  I couldn't believe this was happening.  Why had I waited 
so long?  She then pushed a second finger into me and began working them in 
and out.  My hips moved with her and I started to groan quietly.  

"I can see you like that Imogen," Allie said.  

No words would come out of my mouth - the feeling spreading through me 
was heavenly.  She began to more vigorously lick my clit and her fingers 
worked so deeply inside of me.  I could feel myself reaching orgasm and 
clenched my muscles around her fingers as I cried out in ecstasy.  My pussy 
was dripping as Allie slowed the movement of her fingers.

Allie continued to slide her fingers in and out of me as she moved up to 
lie on me again.  We kissed and I could taste my juice on her lips.  Our 
tongues entangled and we kissed for what seemed like an eternity.  

"How are you feeling?" she finally said.  

"This is just beyond description Allie," I said.  "Would you mind if I 
had a go?"  

She gave me a cheeky grin and said, "I was hoping you'd want to!"

I flipped her over and straddled myself across her.  I bent down and 
gently kissed her again.  I cupped her full breasts in 
my hands, kneading her hard nipples.  I then brought my mouth down to 
them, one at a time.  Sucking on them and licking them, Allie responded 
with quiet grunts of pleasure.  I looked up at her face.  Her eyes were 
closed and she was obviously enjoying this experience as much as I was.

I ran my hands over her body and slowly moved myself down to her hips.  
I stroked her legs and kissed the inside of her thighs.  Her skin was so 
soft and warm.  She opened her legs at my touch and adjusted her hips so 
that her pussy was right in front of my face.  This was it - this was the 
moment I had been fantasizing about for so many years.  I could smell her
sweetness and could see her moistness glistening.  I rubbed 
my fingers through her soft pink lips and she let out a sigh.  

"Please eat me Imogen," Allie begged.  

Who was I to deny her wishes?

I flicked my tongue over her swollen clit and then began to kiss and suck it.
The taste of her wetness was so sweet and her scent was so warm and inviting.  
I ran my tongue up and down the length of her pussy as she writhed beneath me.

I inserted my fingers into her.  I couldn't believe how hot it was inside her.
Her juice was flowing just as mine was and I began to touch my own pussy as I
worked on hers.  I continued to rub my tongue back and forward over her clit
while pushing my fingers deep inside her.  Allie's muscles began to tense up 
as I brought her to the brink of climax.  

"Bring your legs up here Imogen, I want to lick you again," Allie whispered.  

I maneuvered myself so that we were in a 69 position.  We licked and sucked 
on each other's clits.  Grinding my pussy into her face as I lapped up her 
own juices.  We continued like this until we both erupted and the intensity
washed over us.  

I crawled up the bed to be beside her and we wrapped our legs around each 
other, holding on to the incredible orgasms we'd just experienced.  
We kissed tenderly and lay there together, totally exhausted, content 
and fulfilled.  

I did not want to leave; I wanted to make this experience last forever.  
But as always, reality hit and it was time for me to go.  As I was getting
ready, Allie came over to me and handed me a piece of paper.  

"My real name is Adrienne, please call me.  I want to see you again," she 
said with a smile.

I kissed her and left the room.  I did contact Adrienne again and we have 
kept up a wonderful relationship that has been full of exciting new 
adventures.  But nothing really compares to that first train ride to ecstasy.


