"The last BBC show you were a regular on was Merlin," The male co-host says, all blond hair and grin. "You must be hoping for another hit like that one."

"Of course," Bradley nods. "That was a really great start for my career and I learned so much from Tony and Richard over those five years."

"It finished about four or five years ago, didn't it?" the female host adds.

"End of 2012," Bradley interjects.

"So do you still see much of the cast from that time?" she finishes.

"A bit," Bradley says slowly. "I worked with Tony on Devil's Due, which was a lot of fun. We fell back into that father/son dynamic, which was really great."

And reassuring. Bradley had begun to doubt everything about his relationships with the Merlin cast by that time, but Tony's genuine pleasure in seeing him had helped to put it all in perspective.

"I have lunch with Katie quite often - she's a social butterfly, that girl," he adds, " And I saw Richard Wilson at the BAFTAs only a short time ago. I haven't laughed so much in months. If anyone is wondering if Richard Wilson still has it," he adds, looking directly at the camera, "I am here to tell you that Richard Wilson still has it." He grins at the memory.

"And Colin Morgan," she presses.

"Colin is such a workaholic," he says lightly, "I don't think anyone who isn't on set with him ever gets to see him! No, I did see him recently at the Gala. He's not changed."

"But this new project of yours is an ensemble piece," she continues, and he takes a deep breath and thinks not of Colin, still slightly scruffy and too thin in whatever suit his latest costume director dug up for him to wear to the Gala, but of Andi and Jane and Michael who deserve for him to pimp the hell out of their new show.

"It's gonna be great," he says eagerly. "It's a fabulous cast and an amazing concept..."

* * *

His sister rings that evening. "Saw your show today," she says cheerfully.

"And?"

"Good job. Somewhere along the way you learned tact, brother dearest."

He swallows hard, grateful for all the things she isn't saying.

"Not too obvious?"

"Not at all. I thought you did a great job."

"Thanks, kid."

"Meh," she says. "Not so much of the kid. Torquay for Christmas?"

When he hangs up he thinks of the things she didn't say: about how he gave up drinking after the fourth time he rang her and swore for twenty minutes about Colin's perfidy and then threw up in his bed; about his 3am confession of the handjobs he and Colin exchanged now and then, 'just to keep us sane, eh?'; about the job he lost because he stormed out when the director wouldn't shut up about his chemistry with Colin on Merlin. Bradley has a new contract now and the kid deserves a really good present this year. He'll give it some thought.

He's not a baby any more, and this new show is his chance to move on, to give the public a new character associated with his face so that the wags can stop with the wizard jokes. He sets his jaw firmly and goes to wash up.

Tomorrow he has another talk show to charm and he needs his beauty sleep.