Craig walked up on David's porch. He'd been back in town for a few days and hadn't made an effort to contact his red headed friend. He missed him - and his cooking. It looked to be a shite day, the clouds were low and black and the news had been talking about heavy rains by the afternoon, Craig didn't want to be stuck at home watching it pour down.

He knocked lightly once and without waiting, turned up the gnome flowerpot and pulled the spare key out from underneath. Opening the door he walked into the house. "Dave." He called and started toward the kitchen, seeing the back door standing open he walked out onto the porch, spotting David moving a lawn chair toward the house. "Hey mate!" Craig called.

David jumped at the sound, dropping the lawn chair on his foot, cursing angrily and glaring at Craig. "Did you just come through the house?" he demanded, leaning down and snatching up the chair, carrying it under the cover of the porch.

Craig blinked and grinned at the man. 'Yes, but I didn't track in anything." He said brightly.

"Who gave you the right to just walk right through whenever you bloody well feel like it?" David vented, Craig's tone annoying the hell out of him. Especially since he'd dared to come back from going off to fuck Karl for however long it had been, and forgotten that David was fucking pissed off at him.

"What? You're the daft bastard that showed me where the spare key was." Craig said, a slight frown on his face. "What's the matter? D'you need help bringing anything in?"

"I didn't show you so you could come waltzing into my house whenever you-" David gave up, letting out a frustrated huff. "No, I don't need any help. I'm fine all on my own."

Craig studied his friend for a second before walking out from under the porch and looking up at the sky. "Looks like it's going to rain, good afternoon for take away. Want me to order some curry? I'll go pick it up?"

"Did it even occur to you to give me a call before you just dropped on by? To think that I might have had plans, or someone over?"

"Do you?"

"That's not the point."

Craig waved his hand, frowning. "Fucking hell David, what's up your arse today?"

"Do you have any sense of long term memory whatsoever?" David exploded. "Do you not remember you and me fighting right before you went off to tart around after Karl, and me kicking you out of my house?"

"It was a fight." Craig said. "You said some things, I said some things. What the hell? Wait." He said, eyes suddenly wide. "Tart around after Karl?"

David shrugged, taking down a beach umbrella and tossing it under the covered deck. "I'm sorry, is there another term you'd prefer I used?" he said, not caring at all that he was being a prick.

"Is this about Karl? Jesus David, I didn't even fuck him."

David raised an eyebrow, knowing damned well that it likely wasn't by Craig's choice.

"What?" Craig asked. "What are you on about? So, we fought. I'm back. What?"

"And I'm tired, Craig. And I'm not your wife or your mommy, so just toddle off somewhere else to get somebody to take care of you and listen to you bitch about the demon Orlando and whatever else, because I'm done." David tossed the last thing under the deck, and went to walk past Craig. "You showed yourself in, I'm pretty sure you can show yourself out."

"No." Craig said and grabbed David's arm. "I want to talk about this shite."

David stared at Craig's hand, then looked at Craig. "Let go of me."

Craig returned the look and then smiled. "C'mon mate. Let me buy you a nice curry."

"I'm not playing around, Craig. Do you think this is a joke? I don't want to deal with any of your crap anymore- it's too hard. Let me go."

Craig frowned. "We've always been friends. What the hell is too hard?"

"Could you get your head out of your arse for once? Why did you go to see Karl, Craig?" David demanded.

"It had been a while since I'd seen him and -" Craig pulled his bottom lip through his teeth. "God! This has nothing to do with Karl! He thought you and I were together. He kept asking about you!"

David blinked, surprised at Craig's report of Karl's comment, and then shook his head. "Don't change the subject. Why'd you go to Karl, Craig? How about Harry, Dominic, Viggo? Marton? Anyone that there's a remote chance that Orlando fucked?"

"So." Craig said stubbornly, lifting his chin. "Orlando fucked everybody, sooner or later I was going to end up fucking somebody that Orlando did."

"Don't. Just don't," David shook his head, getting more and more frustrated. "Don't think you can fool me, Craig. I've watched you at this since Rings. Don't think you can lie to me and have it work. You and Karl were never close- you've never been close. Tell me why you went to Auckland!"

"I went to Auckland to fuck Karl. Okay? You satisfied. He said no. Told me to come home. I did."

"Add the other part, Craig- add the why," David watched Craig, his hands on his hips.

"You think it's because of Orlando, don't you? That this is all some kind of scorecard I'm using to compete with that little fucker Orlando, right?"

"Of course it's about Orlando! Everything you've done since Rings has been all about Orlando!"

"Dammit David! You don't know. Everybody fell all over themselves for him."

"And everyone else except you has gotten over it. Including me. It was a fucking movie set, Craig, and you're old enough to know better. So either you're carrying a massive grudge around because you can't handle that some kid moved on past you, or you're in love with him. Either way, like I said- I'm done."

"C'mon David." Craig said with a sudden smile. "You know you'll forgive me. This is just a bump, yeah?" He grinned and ran his hand down David's arm. "I don't want to talk about this shite anymore. I'm sorry if I made you mad. Curry?"

David opened his mouth to snap at Craig again, then stared at him, disbelieving, looking at Craig's hand moving over his arm. "What are you doing?"

"Haven't you ever wondered? What it would be like, you and I?"

David stared at Craig again and let out a snort of laughter. "Oh, I can't believe you. This is how we're going to solve this, is it?"

"What's to solve? C'mon David, you know that you don't want to be mad at me. You want to forgive me for being a bastard. We've been together too long to stay mad."
"I know that I want to take that curry you keep suggesting and shove it up your arse," David snapped back.'

"Ohh kinky." Craig teased and then looked at David closely, smile slipping. "You're actually mad? What the fuck David?"

"We've been together, friends, whatever, this long, and I'm pretty sure you don't know hardly anything about me. And why is that? Because it's always about you- it always has been. And I don't know if you think you're imitating Orlando or what with your whole 'I can be adorable and sexy and everyone will let me fuck them and forgive me', but it's not working here."

Craig squinted, head cocked. "What David, I'm not good enough. Tell me you don't want this." He stepped forward, feeling the damp heat and humidity in the air hang between them. A low rumble of thunder sounded in the distance and Craig reached a finger and ran it over David's lip. "Hmm?"

"I don't want this," David's voice grew rough, wishing it was entirely true, hating himself for leaning a little into the touch before pulling back. "And you're not good enough."

"You're a better actor then you are liar." Craig said voice a bit rough. Another deep rumble of thunder rolled in the sky. He took one more step, standing against David, thigh a hard warmth at David's groin.

"Back off, Craig. I'm warning you," David said, his voice hoarse. "You don't want this. You don't want me, and I know it."

Craig lowered his hand and pressed long fingers around the thick bulge in David's trousers. He squeezed lightly, smiling. "But you want me. And I do want you."

David grabbed Craig's hand and pulled it away, holding him tightly by the wrist and shoving him backwards up against the wall of the house, smirking at the sound as Craig hit the wall. "Don't fuck with me, Craig," he growled.

"Why David?" Craig said, but he blinked as he caught his breath, straightening back up. "Why? Huh? What're you going to do? Huh?" Craig poked a finger at David, bored with this already.

"Just shut up already!" David pressed up against Craig, kissing him hard, if nothing else, to get him to be quiet.

Craig was surprised by the kiss, but moved into it, tightening his fingers into David's shirt and pulling on him. He lifted his foot and rubbed it across the back of David's calf, smiling into the kiss. Easy. He thought.

David caught Craig's other wrist, pulling them both up above Craig's head and pinning them there, deepening the kiss, taking control, a low growl sounding from deep inside him.

Craig moaned, rubbing himself against David. Thunder rumbled across the sky and a few drops of rain hit the top of the patio. Craig shifted, pushing at David's hands to see what he'd do, he smiled into the kiss.
David's grip increased, slamming Craig's hands back against the wall. Warned you. Not your show anymore. He pulled back from the kiss, nipping almost painfully at Craig's lower lip, then kissing him again, hungrily.

Craig grunted, a frown forming on his brow, but he opened wider, head tilting as he let David kiss him. He lifted his knee, pushing it between David's legs, rubbing into him.

David shifted, hooking his foot around Craig's and kicking it to the side, holding him up as he unbalanced, having to put his foot back on the ground. "Wider," he growled, breaking off from the kiss for a moment, thrusting hard up against Craig, his foot tapping at Craig's.

Craig complied, something in him drawing tight at the tone of David's voice. He spread his feet, pressing his own hands up over his head, hard against the wall. He looked at David with hooded eyes. "Yes."

David moved one hand away, still gripping Craig's wrists tightly with the other, completely ignoring the changes in weather, not noticing the rain picking up around them. He thought briefly about removing Craig's shirt, but decided not to bother, going straight for the buttons of his jeans, undoing them quickly and pressing his hand against Craig's cock, a smirk on his face at the look on Craig's face.

Craig groaned and pushed against David's hand. "Yeah." He licked his lips and leaned toward David.

David smirked again, moving his hand away and checking Craig's pockets. "Lube and condoms... somehow I knew those would be there," he snorted, releasing Craig's hands a moment and spinning him around so he was facing the wall.

"Yeah well, Orlando taught me to always be prepared." Craig said, widening his stance and pushing his palms flat against the wall, arching his back.

David's eyes flashed, teeth baring. Orlando. Always Orlando. He's never going to let it go, David. Here you are, about to fuck the hell out of him in the backyard of your place, in a rainstorm, and that's all he can think of. How long you going to put yourself through this? He snarled, partly at Craig, and partly at himself, letting go of Craig's hands and shoving at him, turning around and walking for the house.

"What the fuck David? Have you lost your mind? I want you. Where the hell are you going?" Craig said in shock and reaching out, grabbed David's arm.

David threw his arm off, spinning around and punching Craig in the face, watching unsympathetically as he tumbled to the ground, hissing from the pain in his hand. "You don't want me- you want him. You've always wanted him. And I'll be damned if I'm going to be his stand in. Get out, and leave me alone."

"You hit me, you bastard!" Craig finally said.

"Yeah, I did. Feel free to never speak to me again over it. And I'll stay away from you for being an ignorant, self-absorbed, can't-get-over-himself bastard. Goodbye, Craig. We're done." David took one more look at him, then turned around and walked into the house, the stray tears running down his cheeks camouflaged by the rain. Goodbye, love. Goodbye.