Z is for Zeus  part 3


As I had scoped out Smallwood, before I changed her into Athena,
I realized her tendencies had been to enjoy women. These traits I
had not erased and now I wanted to experiment using my powers to
take over her body and fulfill my fantasies. We were now in
California and I decided to have Athena take on the predator
role. Late at night we scoped out nightclubs frequented by the
blonde, sun tanned youth. There at a bar were two identical
twins, both with straight blonde hair half way down their backs.
They were dressed in similar almost identical outfits. Short
skirts and halter-tops. They even had identical ankle chains 
dolphins. Around them were there two sport jocks type boy
friends. I put the guys at early 20s  college jocks no doubt,
but the girls seemed to be about 16. Reaching out into the girls
minds confirmed that they were indeed just 16, yet drinking
cocktails and ready for a night of screwing their hunks as their
parents were out of town.

Now it was time for my plan of action. I had readied Athena.  I
changed her outfit to something more in keeping with these
surroundings than her Greek inspired dress. She now wore a short
tan suede leather vest, tied by leather strings at the front, and
barebacked except for the crisscross of the two of the strings.
Her hair trailed down as before until it reached the top of
daringly low cut suede tight pants. A heavy gold chain hung down
from the belt hoops, so that it slapped gently against her ass
when she walked. The cut of the pants was so tight that revealed
her shapely buttocks, nothing was hidden, even the lack of
underwear was obvious. Moving to the front the shortness of the
vest and the ultra low cut of the pants, meant her totally flat
and firmed mid rift were available to view. Only a large diamond
studded belly button ring distracted the eyes from her stomach.
Finally, she wore high heel ankle boots the exact same color as
her pants and vest. They were adorned with silver dolphins
fornicating with each other.

As we watched, I planted an idea into the jocks heads, that they
had football practice next day and had to go home. This pissed
off the girls and allowed me to send over Athena once the guys
had left. I say, I sent over Athena, it is more true to say I
took over Athenas body and walked over to them, as I felt
everything she did and controlled all her thoughts. Even when she
arrived and placed her hand on the bar counter, I felt the exact
touch of the polished wood through her fingers. The girls turned
around open mouthed as this person (Athena) started to talk to
them. I felt the girls minds and saw that they were attracted to
the beauty of Athena, not sexually but like anything beautiful,
they enjoyed her looks. I reached in and questioned their souls
about how they saw each other. Friends, yes  attractive  yes 
but not sexual. Ok, I froze their movements and I (Athena),
kissed the closest firmly on the mouth. Her mind was puzzled, not
repulsed. Her sister was similarly affected. I relaxed them both
with a suggestion, and kissed deeply the other sister. Their
minds were beginning to show that they liked it. I relaxed them
more, and using their glands, I released more hormones into them.
I kissed gently the first one once again, and felt her press back
at me. Now we were ready.

Lets go back to you place, I said loud enough for the barman
to hear. We walked hand in hand to their car, and they drove
carefully back to their parents place. Once inside the door, I
reached out and pulled the nearest one to me (there were so
identical it did not matter to me which one I was using), and
kissed her and suggested she respond. As I hoped, she kissed back
with all her might, trying to force her tongue almost down my
throat, at the same time I felt her right hand slip under my vest
and touch the underneath of my right breast. Athena gasped, I
felt her pleasure  wow. The other sister stood beside us and
when I was released by the first, I was left snogging deeply the
second. Now two hands, one from each sister was beneath my vest
and massaging my tits, squeezing my nipples. It hurt, but it was
also pleasurable. I felt myself get wet. Then they undid the
string and my breasts hung free in front of them, and both went
down sucking on my nipples, kissing and licking all around the
breasts. I felt like I was on fire. I used every bit of strength
to pull them up and turn their faces towards each other. Planting
a simple suggestion, I had them go closer to each other. They
lightly nudged they heads, and then stole a gentle kiss on each
others cheek, then on their lips, until finally they nearly
rammed their heads together, tongues into each other, kissing,
and sucking slobbering mouth to mouth.

I ran my hands under their skirts and under their sodden
underwear. I fingered gently their clits and then slide inside of
them. Undress I commanded and they pulled each others tops off,
and slide out of their skirts and panties. Looking at their
nubile young bodies, their young pert breasts, their teenage
chests with flat stomachs and their smooth skin, I was aroused.
Only it was not my dick, it was my clit. I pulled the nearest to
me and laid down pushing her face into my groin. I thought she
would be unskilled, but perhaps she knew what she liked and
started to kiss me, and lick my clit like an erotic ice cream.
Slowly and firmly she licked me until I screamed, and then she
slide two fingers inside of my cunt. Deep finding my g-spot and
massaging me. The other sister not wanting to be left out crawled
around me and started to suck fiercely on my nipples. I was in
agony and ecstasy; I bucked hard and came with shudders all over
my body. They did not stop, the sister pushed more fingers into
me, and then her slim hand disappeared up the wrist. I cried with
joy as she fucked me this way. I came once again, squirting out
the gaps between her hand and the walls of my vagina. I needed a
rest.

It was my turn to watch, so I had the girls kiss and grope each
other. I barely needed a suggestion now and they were enraptured
with each other and each others body. Their hands were all over
each other, they licked each others clits, they sucked on each
others nipples and cunt lips, they fingered each other, until
finally sitting lap within lap I had them press three fingers
inside each other, and then added the little finger, and finally
their thumbs hooked up into their palms. Slowly, they relaxed and
stretched their cunts. I suggested to their bodies to change and
relax even more so that they would not tear each other. In a few
moments, they were actually fisting each other. They fucked with
their hands until finally their eyes glazed over, they moaned and
they came shouting.

Not to be let out, I had them change their positions so that they
were more ass-to-ass. They removed their slippery sodden hands
and placed them at the edge of each others ass hole. Slowly they
pushed into each other, lubricated by their own juices and a
lubricant created for new glands I had created in their asses. As
their sisters hand went into their anus, feeling into their
minds, I sensed pleasure but also quite a lot of pain, so I
calmed down the pain and increased the pleasure, as asked their
bodies to produce more lubricant from these new glands. I now
positioned myself with them and using my own hands into their wet
cunts, I fucked them and then fisted slowly. They came together,
bucking and shouting curses at each other. I commanded them to
reach into me. The nearest girl mopped up her juices and her
sisters juices, lubricated her hand as best she could, and eased
her hand past my buttocks, and with one and then two fingers
inside my ass wriggled until she was up to her wrist in my anus.
I thought she would tear my bottom, but her juices, her ass
lubricant and the small size of her hand meant I could
accommodate her. Meanwhile my clit was being teased by the other
sisters fingers; I was very wet and stretched already when she
placed her hand close to my cunt entrance. She opened my cunt up
by stretching her fingers inside the orifice, and then before I
realized it she was completely inside me.

We all held each other like this for a few minutes, slowly
fucking each other until we found a mutual rhythm. Fucking each
others asses and cunts, moans mixing with squelches, slowly and
then a bit faster, until we were reaching fever pitch. Reaching
out we kissed and clashed our tongues, sucking each other. I
thought at them to remain without orgasm until I was ready. I was
getting higher and losing concentration in the pain and the
pleasure. I felt their trusts into me, hands both sides of my
wall. My g-spot was more than tickled it was being attacked. My
ass felt full and . then my body racked, I thought I had broken
my back. I gasped, stopped breathing and as I was about to come I
released them. We all came together, on top, under and over it
each. Wet, sweat and nearly pissing ourselves, we had an
almightily hard screaming orgasm.

When I left the girls, they were sleeping in each others arms. I
knew that for them sex would be a powerful drug uniting them
always as two halves should be united. I let them like boys
again, but also women and of course each other. Their new glands
would allow them to have any type of anal sex they wanted, and as
a final gift, I gave them more sensitive nipples, clits and
asses, one-size bigger tits with permanently erect nipples and
longer fingers to pleasure each other. I knew I was going to
visit them again, so I wanted them to have more experience.

Being Athena was fun, but I felt the need to return to my own new
body. I wanted to use my cock again soon. Perhaps another set of
twinsperhaps something more than that. Since I also had to check
on the progress with the nanites, maybe I could mix business with
pleasure. 
