Opening the Door
byfancy_desires_17©

This is my first experience and to be completely honest I did wait until I was eighteen to start doing this because I was so scared of being arrested. First some background when I was 17 I lost my family in an accident, but because I was an adult I was able to live on my own. I inherited my family's wealth and when I turned 18 I downsized to a small home. I was free to do anything l wanted to do. 

I've always loved my body, it really is something. I'm 5'8" blonde haired with blue eyes. The carpet doesn't match the dress because I'm always shaved, I hate having any hair on my body except on my head. Since middle school I've grown from a small B to a full C cup, I absolutely love my boobs they're so perky and I've always got hard nipples, and my butt is big since I was a runner at my school and I've got long sexy legs that always look good in anything. I love to show my body off but I haven't been touched by any guy yet but I'm far from a virgin. 

The first thing I did when I moved into my new home was lose every pair of panties I owned I cannot express how much I hate panties or how much I love to go without them. I love the feeling of my bare self rubbing against my bottoms. I also threw out all my old bras leaving me with just 2 sports bras. The next thing I did was strip naked and just admire myself in the mirror, damn I looked sexy, shit I still do. I then started unpacking all my stuff and setting up my new house. The house was nothing special just a small place for me in town, with an open yard and a wooden fence around the back and a window in every room. Across the street three is a small field and a closed down school. Its been closed down now for about 3 years now teens just break into it to have sex and do drugs, but I've always been curious as to what is inside. I wait till it gets dark and slip on some sweats a hoodie and some running shoes and go see whats in the school. I go around back and find a door with a broken window and go inside. Its so dark inside I have to use my flashlight just to see where I'm going, without the light I can't even see my hand in front of my face. For being closed down the classes are relatively clean. 

Going through the hallways i find my way into the auditorium where the school would have plays for the kids. Suddenly I just get the naughtiest thought. At the door I take my sweats off leaving them by the door the night air is so cool on my naked bottom. I feel so tingly I touch my pussy and its soaking wet. I make my way to the stage. When I get to the podium I take my hoodie off and turn my flashlight off and go to the vibrator app on my phone. (A girls always gotta be prepared right.) I play with my tits as I rub my phone all around my clit. I just imagine if there were people in the room watching me finger myself on stage. My pussy's so warm and wet I can't help but lose myself and just start moaning quietly at first then a little louder. I feel myself getting getting closer, just about to cum. Then I hear a door open and I hurry to hide behind the podium. Fuck its those damn kids. 

First boy: "Woah, dude someones getting fucked." 

Shit they must've found my sweats.

Second boy: "She must've wanted it bad her sweats are so wet."

Girl: "Do you think they're still here?"

First boy: "I dunno lets go look for them."

I can just see they're flashlights coming this way and shit I left my hoodie in front of the podium I don't wanna grab it in case they see me. I turn my vibrator off and see where the kids go I can't tell who is who all I can see is where their flashlights move. 

Girl: "Hey!"

Fuck did they see me? I hide in the little space the podium has its like a little box and i barely fit. 

First Boy: "Did you find them!?" 

Girl: "No just a hoodie but I think its just a girl. There's no guy clothes."

Through a small hole in the podium I see them looking at my hoodie talking.

First boy: "Well if its just a girl she's just in her underwear. Now I really wanna find her come on lets go." 

The first boy and girl go look on the right side of the stage the other boy looks around the bottom of the stage. I've got no way out without this second boy seeing me. He turns away from me looking through the isles of chairs. I think trying to find a way out, and just assume one person seeing me naked is better then three. I step out and grab my hoodie. He hasn't heard me yet. I put it on and crouch down trying to hide. My hand brushes against my pussy and its soaking wet. I've been so pumped worried about getting caught I haven't noticed that I'm SOOOO HORNEY. I don't wanna go home yet I wanna cum NOW. My mind just overcome with wanting to cum I decide to finish what I set out to do. I get up and sneak back to the podium take my hoodie back off and start fingering myself again with this boy looking for me in the chairs! I go soft at first so I don't moan so loud he hears me. I'm so excited what if he turns around and I get caught, what will I do if he does! Then the door opens again.

Girl: "She's not here we looked all around the back. We're going to look around the classrooms."

Second boy: "Shit, okay lets go but take her bottoms at least so she can't go home. I'll get her hoodie."

The door closes but she leaves without taking my sweats but the second boy turns around and sees me!!! I cover my face with my hoodie but he can still see my naked body!

"Wait don't call them!! If you don't call them I'll let you watch you just cant see my face."

The second boy nods and I start fingering myself again with this boy watching my and my hoodie over my face! I've never had someone watch me before, it was such a turn on I rub my clit fingering myself and he's just watching I keep going moaning softly. I finally cum and the pleasure overtakes me, my body spasms I struggle keeping the hoodie on my face but it stays on. 

"Can you get my sweats for me?" 

He turns around and runs to get my sweats I put my hoodie on and pull the strings to hide my face so he can't see me. As he hands me my sweats I'm just shaking still feeling waves of pleasure. He just watches me put my sweats on almost like its the first time seeing a naked girl. He looks older not like a kid but like a high schooler. 

"Wheres the nearest exit?" I ask 

He points to the left of the stage.

"Thanks" I say before running away and out the door. Running as fast as I can I'm just in shock about what I've done and how much it turned me on. It opens the door to a whole new world of experiences.



