Walking to Assembly
by Lorry4731

I was walking to assembly and joined the line heading into the gym for what I fully expected to be another mind-numbing presentation reminding everyone of the dangers of drugs. We were about 20 feet from the door, and I was the last person in line, pulling in just behind Ashley Garnet, a senior I hadn’t spoke to much.

Ashley had blonde hair pulled up in a messy bun and was wearing a Forrest green tank top and black pants, the comfortable-looking kind that billow slightly at the ankles. She was probably 5’4” and in great shape due to soccer (she was a forward on the school team and a travel club as well). As we waited in line, I couldn’t help but sneak a peak at her ass. While her pants weren’t too tight, they highlighted her butt well, and I appreciated the view while the line slowly continues ahead.

Ashley was talking with her friend Sydney, who was facing Ashley (and me) while they chatted animatedly. Out of nowhere, Sydney reached out, grabbed the sides of Ashley’s pants, and snapped them down to her ankles. My jaw dropped at the sight before me. Ashley’s black pants were pooled around her ankles, and I slowly raised my view to take in her smooth legs, and finally, that amazing ass. Ashley had on an older pair of off-white panties with thin red horizontal stripes hugging her butt cheeks. The pair looked slightly too small and really accentuated the shape of her butt, folding up nicely down her crack and between her legs. The best part, however, was that these pair had seen good use. Right in the middle of her ass, the fabric had started to give a bit, creating a small area ( about 1.5 inches wide) for a small, slanted hole surrounded by fraying, see through edges that led into the unmarred rest of the underwear.

Through the hole (and the worn out surrounding edges), I got perfect view of where her full butt cheeks met up. As if seeing her panty covered ass was not enough! Ashley yelped and quickly bent over to yank up her pants, making my view even better as her butt widened and the pressed together cheeks parted slightly (not enough for anything else to be seen, unfortunately). Her pants had been tied before and Ashley appeared to be having a hard time undoing them. While she was hurrying, no one in front of them had noticed her Yelp above the noise of entering the gym, and she seemed to think that she and Sydney were still the last in line.

While she was bent over trying to untangle the knot, however, she must have glanced up at Sydney and noticed her staring at me, covering her mouth while she giggled. Ashley then turned her head back and locked eyes with me, freezing in her bent over position for a moment while she processed the fact that I was getting quite the show.

Her mouth formed a small “O” and she started to call out, but then thought better of alerting anyone else to her predicament. She redoubled her efforts at the knot, alternating to look at it while tossing nervous, red faced smiles my way. At one point, she put her legs together and crouched down a bit further to really figure out the knot, deciding that I had already seen her exposure and that covering it was more important than worrying about what had already occurred.

That motion released some of the stress on her panties, causing them to bunch up slightly in her crack, shifting the hole and see through area down slightly, giving me a shot of yet more but crack and a the start of a small birth mark she had on her ass.

Ashley was finally able to work out the knot and yanked her pants up, giving me one last look at her panty covered ass before she was covered again. Red faced, she turned to me, laughing, and apologized for the show, then headed into the gym. I came out of my haze and followed, just in time to see her swat Sydney and whisper loudly that I saw more than her undies bc these panties have a hole in them. Sydney cackled with laughter and the two of them climbed the bleachers while I continued down the line to my friends. Needless to say, I didn’t get much out of assembly that day.
