I am Leire, a spanish girl. I am 27 years old. Javier is my boyfriend. 

What I love the most in life is showing myself. I enjoy sharing the natural beauty of my youth. My body isnt perfect, buy I like it just as it is, and my boyfriend too. One of the things that I love the most is when a boy cant stop looking my tits and my body in a common situation, like the beach or the swimming pool of an hotel. I AM A NORMAL, CONSERVATIVE AND SHY GIRL, BUT IN THOSE SITUATIONS I AM JUST AN EXHIBITIONIST.

In fact, thats my biggest fantasy: showing my body to everyone in the beaches and swimmingpools. I do it with strangers and also with friends, and I dont know which of both things I like the most.

If I can be topless, I am always topless. Allways. Everybody has allways said that I am a very pretty girl, so I take a lot of attention. From june to september I show my titties everyday, and we make love everyday.

Javier allways wants me to be topless. When I buy a bikini he destroys the top (I love that), so I allways feel bound to show my tits to everyone.

He allways wants me to have a long stroll trough the shore, to ask for a cigarette, to have a lot of long showers each day, to buy an icecream or a beer talking with the waiters, to talk with some group of guys, to make new friends...In the swimmingpools of our hotels and campings he allways wants me to talk with our neighbours, with the lifeguard or with the waiters. I am a very shy girl, so I get very horny. He also loves when I am topless with his friends; this is also very exciting for me.

Thats naive and ingenuous but I am a very shy girl, so showing my titties is like a sin for me. I blush a lot and I get very horny. I can't stop smiling. I do it since I was 18 or 19 years old and I do it during all the summer long, from june to september. Now, I am a teacher, so each year I can spend the whole summer in the beach. We have a VW California, so being all the summer on the beach is very cheap for us. Its a n obsession!

I am a conservative girl with a conservative education and a conservative sexual life. I am shy and thats why I get so horny being topless.

At first, everybody thinks that I am a normal shy girl who is just used to be topless, as a lot of european girls. However sometimes I blush so much, I get so nervous and excited, that everyone knows that I am incredibly nervous showing my titties.

My boyfriend is allways filming me and taking pics of me. That turns me on, and we use to see these pictures and videos when we make love. It may be strange for some people, but its so exciting for us...

I really love when boys look topless pictures of me. When I was at university, at 18-21 years old I shared an appartment during 3 years with 3 charming boys. They soon became good friends of me, but there was a big sexual attraction between us. In fact one of them was in love with me. However I allways behaved as if they were my brothers: for example, at home I never whore a bra under my short pyjama, so it was very usual to give them a nipslip or downblouse. They could see my titties "by accident" almost every week, but they never said nothing. Sometimes I was just wearing a thin and thight white tshirt (I have big nipples). I also used to left the shower with just a short bathrobe, and I used to go to the kitchen or the tv for a few minutes. Only one day one of them could see my shaved pussy for some seconds, but I didnt it intentionally; when I realized I blushed a lot, but it was very exciting for me. I liked to keep them "happy", but just as a shy and natural girl. They really loved me.

However, the best started when I bought my computer some months later. I had hundreds of topless pics of me on the beach (and a few completely nude), from my vacations with Javier and even a few with some friends, who were topless too. It was the only pc of the appartment, so I got used to let them using it for internet. It wasnt easy to find my topless pics, but as they are boys, I knew that they were going to search some nude pics of me. Each day I could see wich documents they had opened while I wasnt at home. In just a few days they found my pics and I really loved it, I was very glad. Each day, during 3 years, I knew that one of my 3 dear flatmates-classmates had been touching himself watching my pics. Usually I couldnt know wich one of them had seen my pics... but this was even more exciting for me. All of them did it, almost daily, for 3 years.

Sincerelly, thats why I can say that posting some of my pics in wickedweasel.com or voyeurweb.com would be a dream come true for me; feeling thousands of eyes on my body and receiving a lot of emails of other girls, boys and couples like us. However, because of my job I cant do it. I work in a catholic school from a conservative city and I know that if someone knew, I would get fired.



Normally there is one rule: The most embarrasing is the situation, the horniest I am.

Most of the girls of my group of friends are very conservative and they are not used to be topless.
However whe go with them to the beach, to the river and they come very often to our swimmingpool in our garden (we have bought a little house with a big garden).

Of course in my garden, I am allways topless, even with their boyfriends and husbands, during all the day long: taking sun, talking, playing in the swimming pool, having showers, playing poker, having a long "siesta" and even eating in the table with our friends during the barbecue.

My best friend, Maria, is usually topless at home, but only with Javier and me; if there is another boyfriend, she covers her breast as the rest of the girls. She spends the whole summer with us. She is very beautiful and she has great tits. She loves being topless with Javier and, a few times, Javier has been completely nude with her, showing his big semi-erected penis. She really loved it. They are very good friends, but they have a big sexual attraction. I dont mind at all, in fact I love it.

When there is no other boy in our garden all the girls take off their tops. Sometimes Javier has come home and has seen the titties of all my friends playing in the swimmingpool. However they allways cover their breast again very quickly, but its very exciting for him. Only Maria stays like me infront of Javier. However, I love taking topless pics and videos of all my friends and showing them to my boyfriend, later.

Of course I am topless with the friends of my boyfriend, too: in summer they are allways looking to come home to see my titties in our swimmingpool during the whole day. Javier really loves it. They think that I am just used to do it: they know that I am a shy girl and they dont imagine that this could be so exciting for me. However they may know that I love it in some way, because I am allways smiling and playing with them. I allways rub my titties on their bodies when we are playing in the swimming pool!

Its incredible when I am the only girl between 7 or 8 boys during a barbecue or a pool party. They know that I am a shy girl, but they allways make jokes about my titties, and about how sexy I am. They are the friends of my boyfriend, but they get really excited with his "shy" girlfriend.
 
Sometimes some of them have come with their girlfriends, and sometimes, if we had been only two couples, the other girl has been topless, too. I love to be topless infront another couple, because in some way the other girl feels bound to be topless too. Javier gets very excited seeing the breast of my friends or of the girlfriends of his friends, and I love it because later he is even more excited with me.
 


One of my favorite places has been allways the swimmingpools of our hotels or campings, because usually I am the only girl topless there.

Each year in my camping there are a lot of men looking me for hours, during the whole day, during the whole week: suntaning, spreading my sunlotion, showering, swimming, having a beer in the bar...They get very excited with me, as I do with them (and Javier, my boyfriend too). They are young boys, family heads or older men: I love them all. And of course the lifeguard or the waiters. I use to talk with all of them, and even have some beers: I do love when they talk with me looking closesly at my titties.

They know that more or less I am enjoying being topless with them. However, in some way, they allways know that I am a shy girl, not a "dirty" girl.

Each year whe take a lot of pics of the friends (boys, girls, couples, groups...) that we have known. In that way they also take a pic of us and I appear topless. Thats very morbid for me. I get excited when I think that in the future they are going to see me naked whenever they want. I love when we make friendship with another couple; specially if the girl is topless too. In that way Javier can watch the other girl as much as he wants.

This year in june, in menorca, in the swimming pool of our camping I was the only topless girl. There were a group of 50 students from university (19 years old), boys and girls. At first there were some other couples at the pool, with topless girls, but when the group arrived they went to the beach. All the girls of the group were with their tops, so all the boys were allways watching me, talking and joking with me. I love when an excited boy talks with me and looks my titties just one meter away, they seem to be sucking my nipples...

My boyfriend took lots of pics and videos, and the students too. I used to stay in my inflatable mat (air bed), in the water, with my sunglasses, pretending to be asleep. I could see how more than 20 excited boys were allways looking me and taking pics of my half-naked body. They were charming with me, allways talking, joking and taking pics with me. I was allways giving to dealing that I was embarrased of being topless with them; this is much more exciting than a completely unhibited girl

In fact there is so much people that has took pics of me during all those summers (with or without permission) that some of them may be posted on the web. I am sure. When I think about that, I get nervous but very horny too.



In the beginning, when I was just 18 or 20 years old, I was allways so excited showing my titties to everybody that I thought that finally, each new summer I would feel more and more used to do it. I thought that at 25 or 27 or 30 years old it wouldnt be so exciting for me.

However each year has been better than the last one: Each year I do more and more embarrasing things. Each year I have more and more courage, so we enjoy it the most. This soft exhibitionism is very naive, but, permanently, it is my sexual fantasy. The most beautiful sexual fantasy that I have known.

Javier really loves my fantasy. At the beggining he didnt understood it, but with the time he has shared it with me more and more.

Obviously, I know that showing my titties is much more exciting for me than for the rest of the girls. However, I think that the girls that appear in wickedweasel should have similar feelings. Some of them had told us that they feel almost the same. Its very beautiful when a girl enjoys showing her natural beauty so much.

Thats why we use to write several girls to share our experiences of this soft exhibitionism. Usually, if I have a good situation showing my body, I write it.

I love writting all those experiences, in fact I allways touch myself when I am writting them. Latter I do the same to my boyfriend when he is reading what I have wrote.

So I have wrote a lot of stories. Please, write me something and I will write you more about me.

I will tell you an new story and send you one of my pics each time you write me; but dont publish them, they are just for friends.

Kisses, Leire

rsghbb@hotmail.com



Hello, I am Leire, from Spain, again.
 
 
I love sharing my morbid stories, the things that happen to me when I am topless between strangers or friends and what I feel showing myself.
 
I love writting all those experiences, in fact I allways touch myself when I am writting them and latter I do the same to my boyfriend when he is reading them. I use to do it in English, in order to send them to other girls of wickedweasel or voyeurweb.
 
Javier loves writting my stories, too. in fact I am sending you some stories that he wrote for me as a present for my birthday.
 
I hope you love them



 
kisses, leire.


 
 
 
LEIRE
 
my girlfriend is one of the prettiest girls that i know.
also, she is very shy; as no other girl.
and because of being so shy she has become AN EXHIBITIONIST.
 
what she likes the most in her sexual life is showing herself in natural situations, like the beach; showing her body and intimacy.
 
as every girl, she loves getting attention being topless on the beach or the swimmingpool. she is incredible. she is tall, slim, very beautiful, blonde, with very firm and perky tits. she has huge nipples. she is only 27 years old. she gets a lot of attention. she is a goddess
 
in summer she is always topless despite of being a very shy girl.
 
in fact she doesnt have any bikini top. when she buys a bikini, she destroys the top. she tells me that its morbid to her. what she wants is to be OBLIGED to show herself. she is allways topless: in our garden, with our friends, in the beach, in the swimmingpools, in the camping, and even in the waterpark. this is very exciting for me. being topless is something quite usual, but, for a shy girl like leire, its just something incredible, her biggest fantasy.
 
i have hundreds of hot pics and videos of her topless with her thongs and wickedweasels, but she doesnt allow me to publish them. that would be a dream come true for me (and a fantasy for her).

its something very strange in a girl like her. we are quite conservative people, this is not usual in the people that we know, our social environment, our culture, our friends (i dont know how to say it in english).
 
she really likes to expose all her intimacy to all the strangers passing by. in fact, she thinks that every woman loves doing that, and i do agree. showing herself, showing her beauty is something natural.
 
however, i cant encourage her to send her pictures to this web. Every thursday we see this website (wickedweasel.com), but she is never decided to send her pics. its a pity. she gets very horny. we see the wickedweasel and malibustrins girls, each week. We have hundreds of pictures and videos that we take each year. on vacation i am allways with my camera and videocamera, taking pics and videos. each summer i take about 1000 photos and also a lot of videos if there is a morbid situation with someone. we see them during the year, at every hour of the day, or on the screensaver of my pc. when we make love we are allways watching some video of her exhibitionist adventures. sometimes we see the girls of wickedweasel too...
 
my hope is that someone convinces her to post in wickedweasel, malibustrings, voyeurweb or something like that showing her beautiful face: the shame and the pleasure that it reflects. she is wishing it, but she is afraid of being recognized. but I think that we will do it soon. this website is very known allover the world, so its easier that someone of our town recognizes her. her family doesnt know that she makes topless. they cant imagine that her biggest fantasy is to show her gorgeous body to everybody. and it's her fantasy because she is such a shy and conservative girl, that she still thinks that she is doing something wrong.
 
i cant convince her. we have posted pics in other websites like ''voyeurweb'', but whitout showing her face. showing her face in a topless photo, as you have done, is my dream. we love you! we love every girl who does it!
 
i think that young beautiful girls like you or my wife are made for being shown. every girl should have the right of being admired in her youth, to be naked allways she wants. because her beauty is a treasure that she has to spend in those years of youth. because treasures are made to be shown.
 
every women is beautiful when she is young. each one is different. but everyone has something to show. its a psicological need of women to show their bodies, to be admired by men, just as they are. this is something that i understood when i knew Leire and we enjoy it allways we can.
 
thats why mi wife is topless during all the summer long: in crowed beaches, in the hotel swimmingpool, in the showers of the beach, with friends, walking or playing in the shore whith me, swimming, buying an icecream, having a beer, making friends, talking with our neighbours... she is charmed with it! she never covers her breast. all she wants is to be admired by everyone, to give that pleasure.
 
sometimes i feel jealous because she is young and very beautiful and she really gets a lot of attention. but i think that she just has the right to show her body, i cant complaint. its a treasure that she has, so she has the right to show it to everyone. in the beach she makes a lot of new friends each year (boys and couples) and spends hours with them.

when i knew her some years ago (we were 20 years old), she seemed to be an usual shy girl. we are conservative people from a conservative region in spain. in the daily life she is the same shy, intelligent and beautiful girl that i knew six years ago. however, in summer she is a different girl.
 
by the time, for my surprise, i discovered her secret. she is charmed with exposing herself. exposing herself in natural situations like the beach, giving to dealing that it is not exciting to her, just something natural. thats her most important sexual fantasy. now, its mine too.
 
her girlfriends (who never get topless, they are conservative people too) dont understand why she does it.
 
whe go with them to the beach, to the river and they come to our swimmingpool in our garden
 
and she is topless allways!
 
opening her legs with her nasty thongs and her shaved pussy! even with their boyfriends and husbands! during all day long! taking sun, talking, playing in the swimming pool, playing poker, having a long "siesta" and even eating in the table during the barbecue.
their boyfriends and husbands are allways looking to rub her tits playing in the water.
if someone takes a photo of her or of the group, sometimes she puts on her tiny tshirt, but normally she appears just like that, so all our friends have a lot of topless pics of her on their computers! we have fantasies about if they use them to masturbate themselfs.
i also take a lot of pics of her (in front of our friends too). she is allways topless with her wet cotton panty or thong, showing her firm tits and big nipples. the boys cant stop looking her! neither I. she uses a sunlotion that looks like oil, she seems to be allways coverded in olive oil. thats very sexy, and she knows it. its like magic. the neighbours (three young students) cant stop looking her in the garden trough the fence. they come to our garden to talk with her several times each day. she really loves it.
 
all our friends think that being topless is natural in her mind, but only her and me know the truth: its our most powerfull sexual experience. we spend all the winter waiting for the summer. from june to september we make love EVERY DAY. this is how much excited she is during the summer
 
this is unusual with spanish girls and even more for a conservative and shy girl like her. their girlfriends never get topless or wear a thong. when they ask her why she does it, she answers that its normal for her, that she has always done it, that she has never thought about it or that its nothing sexual on it.
 
She is a liar.
 
their girlfriends have always believed her, because they know that really she is such an innocent and shy girl. they are just surprised that its so natural for her. she is almost naked infront of their boyfriends and everyone when no other girl does it. she says that she is used to do it and removes importance to the discussion
 
however, only us know the truth: she enjoys every second in wich she is showing her skin, her ass, her erect nipples, her nasty thongs, her intimacy to every stranger who pass by, and even more to our friends.
 
she loves to undress infront of groups of young boys, when someone is looking at her, or when she is talking with someone.
 
she spreads her "olive oil" sunlotion slowly, in the same situations, squeezing her tits and nipples for minutes, in the most lewds sites: in the shore while we take our endless walks, in the showers, in front of groups of young boys (her favorites), near the bar, talking with someone looking at his eyes enduring the gaze (friends or strangers; she doesnt know what she likes the most)...In front of anyone who is going to get excited with her.
 
If we are taking a promenade and she sees some morbid place to spread her sunlotion squeezing her tits, infront some voyeur or onlooker, we stop walking to make him happy; naturally, smiling. she does the same if she sees a sexual pervert or simply a young boy (18-22). i use to do her legs and ass (below the micro thong), and sometimes, her tits, too. when she finishes she loves going to ask for a cigarette, and having a little conversation with the onlooker. in order to exhibit herself more closely, she opens her legs in her minimicro seetrough thong. at the same time, she checks and verifies their eretions below their swimwears. the bigger it is, the bigger is her smile when she returns. i have a lot of videos of these situations.
 
sometimes she takes the promenade alone, without me, and i use to spy and film her. thats what i like the most. she knows that sometimes i do it but she doesnt know when i am doing it. she is even hotter when she is "alone". she can spend hours talking with a new friend, exposing herself naturally.

everyday, when we are leaving the beach, she puts a tiny white tshirt revealing her nipples, with a silk seetrough mini squirt. if someone is looking, she allways removes her panties. she blushes a lot. the squirt is so short and open that, if she crouches, anyone could see her beautiful shaved pussy. sometimes she has a little conversation with the onlooker, too and she does some innocent movements to show it for just a second. she gets very nervous. one day she needed to touch herself when we arrived to the car. thats very exciting.
 

 

we dont like nudist beaches a lot, because its not so morbid to be nude there. we have a nudist beach near our city, in Hendaye (France). we spend all the day nude (me too). but what she realy loves is to go completely nude to the showers, who are located IN THE CLOTHING AREA!!! They are 200 meters away from the nudist area, near the street, where everyone can she her. when she is in a normal beach, its morbid to show her titties and cameltoe. but when she is (near) the nudist beach, what she wants is to show her wet shaved pussy to everyone.
one year we spent a week in hendaye in a camping, 200 meters away from the beach. to go from our tent to the showers and toilets, she went allways topless. it was a show. when somebody was looking her, she pretended to cover one of her tits with her arm (she had her soap in the other hand), but allways showing the other one.  to go to the beach, trough the street, she just got a little towel in her neck (she doesnt have any top): she couldnt cover her breast completely!  she was allways smiling.
 
 
certainly, she also loves when i look other topless girls:

-at the beach she takes a lot of pics of the most beautiful girls. if a man does it, everyone would think that he is a pervert, but when the photographer is a young beautiful women in a tiny thong, nobody notices, so she takes hundreds of pics for me. she allways makes me a little handjob when i watch them at home. sometimes something more... ;)

-when i have loved especially a topless girl, she allways manages to start a friendly conversation with her. then she calls me. we start talking and normally we spend the whole day together. at first they use to cover their breast with their hands while they talk with  me, but as Leire is nude they feel ok in just a few minutes. leire uses to ask if she can take some photos of her with me, or if i can take some of her with the girl. they allways answer "of course". we have done it with couples, so in that way leire can exhibit herself too. we have done it with group of girls, so i come to heaven. but what we really like the most are young lonely girls: they are the most timid of all, they feel more unprotected of my eyes, so finally they have more pleasure while they show me their tits and intimacy.
in 2006 in peniscola, whe spent a whole week with juliette, a french student of 19 years old who was with her parents. leire enjoyed the sexual attraction between juliette and me. the girl was allways topless with us. leire made a lot of pics of us together, like models, even having a hot kiss. she gets horny when she is jealous.

-she has shown me  topless pics of her 5 girlfriends. the girls appear on a nude beach. they are very conservative and they never get topless (only Maria is used to do it). leire knew that i wanted to see them nude, so she tried to go with them to the nude beach in order to have fun and take some pics for me. at first they didnt want to take their tops off, but leire convinced them. in some minutes they were all topless in their thongs and in a few leire was completely nude. they had a lot of attention from a lot of boys. they really enjoyed showing their bodies. leire proposed some "secret" erotic photography and all the girls agreed. leire asked one of the boys to take those pics with her camera.


 Leire spends also a lot of time topless or nude at home. our neighbours are three young students. each summer they can see her topless in our swimmingpool and garden, but the most morbid is that they know that everyday during all the year long, at 7:15 and at 22:45 she takes her showers. THEN, SHE IS COMPLETELY NUDE INFRONT THE WINDOW OF OUR BEDROOM EVERY DAY AT THE SAME HOURS, FOR MORE THAN 20 MINUTES! after her shower, in the morning she spends 20 minutes everyday completely naked infront of the window, making the bed, taking her makeup, and finally dressing. at night she spreads her bodymilk for minutes, squeezing her tits and nipples insistently. of course, she does it with the light on and we have no curtains. we think that they watch her everyday. sometimes she gets so horny that she has kissed me and has made me a little blowjob infront of the window, but in a few seconds she has got so embarrased that she has stopped. they are allways nervous with her. she blushes and gets very excited when whe talk with them. when i warn her if they are looking she just says: "thats exactly what i want"
 
 
THE BEGINNING.
Habitually she tells that she got used to be topless when she was studying in France, during a summer, when she was 18.  
 
thats true, but she has told me the details. I do not even know if they are true or just a fantasy.
Suposedly she was living in a french family (mother, father and two boys of 24 and 25 years old) in the south of France near the beach. since the first sight she loved the two boys a lot. they were very smart and charming. however both of them had girlfriends. she has allways felt a big attraction for them.

topless is very common there but during the first two weeks, she didnt took off her top.
however, one day the mother of the family (who was topless too) asked her why she wasnt topless, as the most of the girls there. Leire got shocked. this was very embarrasing for her. at first, she replied that she was going to stay like that. but unexpectedly she become more and more nervous, more and more excited. she was very far from home and she could do it, but do it really, not just in a fantasy. for her this was a fantasy, a sin, but nobody could notice.
 
she had never done that before.
 
she had never shown her body to anyone.
 
she was still a virgin! (i do know it)
 
you may not believe me, but thats quite usual here.
 
for her it was just like a sin. and in front of the boys and the father...and in that crowded beach, where hundreds of men a boys could steal her innocence, her intimacy... she was thinking that she could never do it.
 
however, in just a moment, she just ''felt out in sin'', irresistibly, irremediably... she put her hands on her bra and...

she did it!
 
time stopped for her. she felt that hundreds of heads were turning to see her shamelessness, her sin, her young and beatiful tits.
 
when the two sons and even the father realized, they got shocked, nervous, in silence. they didnt know where to look. she got very embarrased. and very excited. as never before. as she has never been again until now.
 
after that, she just enjoyed the day (and the rest of the summer). she had a swim, she took a very long promenade, she bought and icecream... she couldnt believe what she was doing. it was a crowded beach and she was feeling that everybody was looking at her. she was more nervous than ever, but she couldnt remove the smile from her face.
 
she got so horny that one hour later she had to go to the water to finger herself! she says that this one was one of the best orgasms of her life. she thinks that nobody noticed but she wouldnt have no dislike. she had no control on what she was doing
 
when she finished, she went to the showers and spend more than ten minutes exposing herself, near the street, and near a bar, where people was having some drinks. she thought that everybody was looking at her, because she seemed so nervous...she felt like a stripper. she was so horny...
 
smiling, she returned with the family and they had some pleasant conversations. they knew that she was very embarrased, but she didnt covered her breast. the boys were very excited too. then, they returned home.
 
that night she could not sleep. she was very excited. finally at 2 am, she undressed and she remained completely nude under her sheet thouching herself. each night she did the same.

some days after she thought that she could let the door slightly open.

she did the same every night, so each morning some part of her intimacy was visible over the sheet, even her shaved pussy. and each morning when somebody was taking a look of her anatomy she pretended to be asleep. until then she had thought that only a porn actress could show her pussy. but know it was just a sensation of freedom, beauty and some kind of love; something unbeliable for a shy and conservative young girl like her.

this first day was one of the most importants of her life. this summer she got used to show her tits to everyone. Until then, showing her body was a sin for her, something that she had never done before. however, this summer she was very far from home and nobody of her family would know it. she exposed her body during all the summer long; to everybody. the two sons of the family were enjoying every second of that summer, almost as much as her, however they didnt had sex.
 
one morning, she knew that she was being spied in the shower, in the bathroom through a little window, completly nude. she loved it. each morning she did the same. but she never knew who was spying her: the father or the sons. a few days she touched slightly her pussy while she was being spied taking her shower. she couldn believe what she was doing, but she couldnt avoid doing it. it was just a gift for her fans.
 
they had a swimming pool at home. at first she didnt got topless, despite of having done it on the beach, because at home the mother was with her bikini top. but after two days she did it. they all got very surprised, the parents and the sons. however, they just smiled and even they made some jokes about it. she got very embarrased, but very horny too. in the morning they used to go to the beach, in the afternoon, they stayed in the swimmingpool. she spent the whole summer like that, swimming, taking sun, eating their barbecue, spreading her sunlotion, squeezing her tits, playing tennis or poker with the sons...Finally, she just left her top in her closet for the rest of the summer: eachday she was leaving her bedroom, down to the garden, trough the kitchen and the living room just with her thong. she couldnt believe what she was doing. she was very horny during all the day long.
 
one day they went to a waterpark. she was with a normal bikini, having fun with the two boys. however, two hours after she realized that there were girls and women topless taking sun in the lawn. she was so excited with her new sin, that suddenly, she pretended to have her bikini broken, so she took it off. though there were topless women in the lawn, she was the only girl topless in the slides, with the floaters, or swimming in the swimmingpools! she stayed like that during all the day long! she was a show, something incredible! a lot of boys went to talk with her, but none of them could look into her eyes. the boys of the family couldnt believe what they were seeing. and she made it as something natural,with innocence.
now we go to waterparks each time we can (peniscola, tenerife, benidorm, mallorca, gran canaria, salou, valencia...). she allways does the same. the boys try to take lots of pics of her hidding their cameras. she loves it. usually, they think that she is a foreign girl, because she is blonde an so unhibited. when they realize that she is spanish they use to talk with her for some minutes and they request her to have some pictures with them. she allways says "yes".
 
the next 3 summers she returned with that family.she says that it was even more exciting than the first one. sometimes she whore just a thong, and sometimes she was with her classic one piece swimsuit (she removed the top when she was at the beach). they also took a lot of pictures of her, and she was charmed with it. they put one of them (topless with a tiny thong while she was playing tennis with one of the sons) in the living room. everyone could see her when they arrived to the room: "this is leire, our spanish student girl". she got very happy and horny when they put that pic there, with the pics of the rest of the family. she knew that she was going to be shown to everyone, without knowing it, completely defenseless. they still have that pic there, and they show all her topless pics to everyone who answers about her. she gets very very horny when she thinks about that.

they have a lot of friendship until now, she is part of the family. they write very often. she wants me to go with her to spend some weeks with them...wow!
 
 
 
 
MY FIRST DAY.
the first day that i went to the beach with her we were just friends (20 years old). in fact, we had never kissed. it was a crowded beach in the north of spain (more conservative than the mediterranean), and there wasn't any other topless women. she just spent 5 minutes with her top. you can imagine the rest of the story. she kissed me there for the first time.
 
 
 
IN MENORCA.
Last year, in menorca she got used to go topless even into the beach restaurant, eating our paella or just having some beers. people from the other tables couldnt stop looking at her: we were on the beach, but it was a restaurant too! and she was topless!!! the waiters were allways near our table, talking with us. and the best of all is that she seems so innocent! whe used to drink more than ten beers during all the day long, so in each one, her smile was bigger, her nipples were more erected, she was more unhibited and the looks were more indecent.
she just shows her beauty, her intimacy.

she is a great actress. they think that, with her angelic and innocent face, she is not giving importance to the fact of being almost nude in front of everyone. but the truth is that, if she has shown her body, at night she makes me love like an animal.
 
in menorca we were on a camping, whith his own private beach, where that restaurant was located. as in hendaye, she went allways topless to our tent, to the showers and to the toilets, pretending to cover her breast with her arm. there was also a big swimmingpool, that had a cocktail bar just in the middle of the water. there were topless women in the pool, but there were all matures. leire is young and has and incredible firm body. she was using her "olive oil sunlotion". she was stunning! she was the only one swimming, having long showers, spreading her sunlotion very slowly, talking with anyone, having her drinks... every man was very excited there. in the bar of the swimmingpool was a young waiter, about 20 years old. he was completely in love with her. she knew it and she was allways sitting at the bar, talking with him, with her titties one meter away his eyes. of course, she had all the drinks for free. he enjoyed looking...and she enjoyed showing. i have some videos of their conversations. she spent much more time with him than with me. also, she loved taking long showers in front of that boy. she likes watching those videos more than any others...i told me some dreams and fantasies that she had whith him.
 
THE NIPSLIPS.
occasionaly, she covers her breast with a tiny bikini top, but in order to have a nipslip: she just lets her nipple out of the bikini. its even more exciting for her. she does it if she has to go the car in the middel of the street, or to the toilets in a restaurant, or in the hotel hall. she uses to take a coffee, ask the keys of the room... some people smile or laugh, other look fixedly in silence. what she loves the most is when some waiter or any other man warns her dismissal: the bikini is smaller than her breast, so she cant cover her nipples completely. she also loves being on the beach like that: they look more fixedly...We have spent whole days like that.
 
one day we found a very good friend of Leire (David) who was also taking a stroll along the shore. he got shocked. he was a friend of university. he had never seen leire nude, of course. he was a very good friend (in fact we think that he has been in love with her since the university) and he had never thought that she would be topless on the beach (she is a shy girl). she pretended to be embarrased and she "tried" to cover her breast with her arm and we returned to our towel in order to put on that tiny bikini top. obviously, she couldnt cover her nipples completely. smiling, she urged him to pass all that evening with us. and he did it..................wow!
 
each three minutes a nipple was completely out of the bikini, and the other one was half outside, too. David was very nervous, so finally i made some jokes about the playful nipples of leire. she pretended to be very ashamed of my jokes, but soon we all laughed. some minutes latter she stopped paying attention to her nipples: she just let them out. i knew that she was enjoying it a lot. when we went to swim, she finally took off the top. she was radiant, wonderful.
 
some minutes later, i let them alone playing in the water ("i have a telephone working interview at six oclock in the hotel room", but Leire knew what i was exactly going to do). I took my videocamera in the distance with my zoom lens. I filmed them playing in the water in a very sexy way. then they went to the shower and spent half an hour talking in the towels. Leire LOVES that video, looking how her "best friend" tries to rub her tits with his chest in the water, or how he looks her tits when she closes her eyes for minutes in the shower, or when she takes sun, or when she is spreading her sunlotion, or how he enjoys her stunning ass in her tiny thong, and even he looks so closely her cameltoe and labia...she watch this video very often, and she gets very horny. we make love many times with this tape, its one of the bests.


 
 
IN IBIZA.
two years ago, we spent a month in ibiza. we were searching for something more exciting. and we found it.
we went a lot of days to BORA-BORA, a disco that was located in the same beach, outdoors, in the open air. it was half a mile away of where we used to be. each day we walked by the shore to the disco. there was a lot of people dancing in the sand with very loud music, drinking beers...
it was incredible. girls and boys were dancing, kissing and touching their bodies everywhere. girls were there with thongs and sexy bikinis. it was a sexual paradise.
we didnt know anything about that disco when we arrived to ibiza. the first day, we were taking a promenade and we discovered it. we didnt know if we should aproach to all this croud of people because Leire was almost nude. topless is very usual in ibiza's beaches and this party was on the beach, so we didnt know if there would be other girls showing their bodies. i went to take a look and i saw that there wasnt any topless girls, like her. i returned and told her that it wasn't a good idea.
surprisingly, in that moment Leire (who was very horny as allways if she has exposed herself) decided to have an ''intense experience''. i thought she was completly mad. she smiled and said looking to my eyes: ''now is when i am really going to have fun''.
we entered to the party and all the boys wanted to dance, talk and kiss that girl, with innocent, angelic and very pretty face (but with athletic body and incredible tits and nipples) who was nude where no other girl was. she was allways smiling, completely happy. we returned to that disco every day.

somedays she was with me: drinking a lot of beers and kissing me softly, with love, whith everybody looking.
 
but other days i left her alone (i was allways looking and filming her): there was allways at least two or three boys talking and dancing with her at the same time, having beers and kissing her neck or touching her legs and ass. when she was drunk, some minutes later, she used to embrace them in order to let them feel her nude breasts in their chests.
 
 
Each day when we were returning from that disco, walking by the beach, exposing her erected nipples and a strangely wonderful smile, she needed to go into the water in order to touch her pussy with some intimacy. i used to stay in the sand filming, so i think that people could know what she was doing.
in fact, the same day that she had been with that guy in the disco, while i was filming her, fingering in the water, a boy about 18 years old who was running through the beach, stopped to look her. surprisingly, she didnt stop. she stayed looking at his eyes. she seemed to be thinking something as "i have the right to masturbate here, even if you are watching me". she aproached to the shore (in order to show her titties more closely over the water) and continued touching herself softly until the end, enduring the gaze. after that she got very embarrased of what she had done. she ran with me.
 
during the year she goes each week to dance classes. she is a very good dancer. My fantasy is to return for an entire summer to ibiza, so she had to work as a topless stripper or gogo dancer. i would go each day to the disco to see her dancing. its my fantasy, and she knows it.
she is not that kind of girls, she is shy and conservative.
at least she says that she is going to participate in some wet tshirt contest next year in ibiza.
but my hope is that she does it in a strip club, as she was earning money for that. she says that possibly my dream becomes true, but only for a few times.
 
 
 
WITH HER GIRLFRIENDS.
when she was 22 she went for a week to the beach, in the mediterranean, with all her girlfriends. there were five beautiful girls. they where far from home, so some of them took their tops off. a group of boys went to talk with them. all the girls covered their breast again, very embarrassed, but not leire. they spent all the week long with this group of boys and leire enjoyed each of this moments, having so much eyes on her breast during all the week.
 
she is very pretty and they all wanted to seduce her. she had lots of exciting moments with each one of the boys. and allways she seemed to be the same innocent and shy girl as ever.
 
at nights, when they went to the discos, she whore dresses that were showing her anatomy at every moment: the first one was very tiny and seetrough, so it revealed her big nipples. the other one was bigger, with straps (we dont know the word in english), so in each movement they could see directly her tits, in a nipslip. she enjoyed it. she was like a queen, everybody was looking at her. she had a great week. she told me everything each day by phone. i was very nervous. i dont even know if she had sex with some of that boys (she is angry because i am writing that). but i dont think so. it doesnt matter. they took dozens of pics of her on the beach. she even posed with them. we love those pics in wich the girl is looking to the camera. she gets very horny when she thinks about how much handjobs these boys should had done with her pics.
 
 
 
WITH MY FRIENDS.
last year what i was waiting for was to go with my friends in summer. my wife had never been nude with them. we rented a house for five couples for two weeks in the beach. all my friends knew that leire was allways topless. some of their girlfriends or wifes were used to do it too, but we didnt know if they were going to do it in front of us or if leire was going to be the only one. as everybody, they think that she is topless because its something natural for her. they know her as a normal shy girl, they dont think that is so exciting for her.
 
however two of my best friends know the truth. i had told them our little secret some months before the vacations. they couldnt believe me. i had to show them my album with thousands of pics and some of the most morbid videos. i let them copy some carpets and videos to their pc`s. my friends were very impatient, waiting to our vacations. they were allways watching her pics and videos on their pc's. she would had killed me if she had known.
 
the holidays arrived and my two friends were allways looking her. they were obsessed. they were with their wifes but they couldnt stop looking leire. they were allways trying to be with her, touch her legs, play with her in the water, rub her tits by accident... she was really enjoying so much attention, but she had no idea that they knew her secret.
 
i thought that, maybe i should had told it to her. we dont have any secrets and, moreover, it would be much more morbid for her to show her body to my friends knowing that they know our secret.  
 
finally i told her the truth in the middle of the holidays. she got be very embarrased and furious with me. but very horny too. until then she had exposed her body; now what she was exposing was her secret, too: the most important part of her intimacy.
 
she got so horny that she exposed her body to my friends with the biggest excitement ever. she was very affectionate with them, she spent hours with them, she had promenades, they played in the water and in the swimmingpool, she managed to be touched by accident, she enjoyed every second in wich they were looking her wonderful nipples...she was in paradise.
 
until then we were fucking 2 or 3 times each day (as allways if she exhibits herself), but since she knew it, she went completely crazy. she has never been so horny, just a nymphomaniac, she was arriving to the ormasms in just a minute! now her fantasy is to let them whatch ("by accident") some of our domestic porn movies on our computer. we dont know if we will do it, because its one step more than what we use to do. but i think leire wants me to do it.
 
of course, about her exhibitionism being topless on vacation, my friends ''doesnt know'' that ''she knows'' that ''they know''.
 
now, she thanks me that i had cheated her in that way. this summer we are going together again. my friends are impatient. i am impatient. and she is the most impatient of all.
 
 
 
 
 
 
HAVE YOU ENJOYED MY STORY?
 
WE LOVE SHARING IT. EACH YEAR IT IS BIGGER AND BIGGER. JAVIER LOVES WRITTING EACH MORBID THING THAT I DO.
HE KNOWS THAT I LOVE SHOWING MY BODY TO STRANGERS AND FRIENDS IN NATURAL SITUATIONS, EVEN MORE THAN HAVING SEX WITH HIM...AND HE LOVES IT!
 
 
WOULD YOU WRITE US SOMETHING ABOUT YOUR STORY?
I WOULD LIKE TO WRITE YOU MORE OFTEN, TELL YOU MY LITTLE STORIES AND SEND YOU SOME OF MY PICS.

I DO IT WITH OTHER GIRLS OF WICKEDWEASEL AND JAVIER LOVES READING HER STORIES AND WATCHING HER PICS. BUT WHAT HE LOVES THE MOST IS WHEN I ALLOW HIM TO SEND SOME OF MY PICS...
 
 
