	

	




Message-ID: <59307asstr$1250619002@assm.asstr.org>
X-Original-To: story-submit@asstr.org
Delivered-To: story-submit@asstr.org
X-Original-Message-ID: <1306c15a0908180707n57a2ce6dkd72022c4ec90926d@mail.gmail.com>
From: John Darts <johndarts@gmail.com>
X-ASSTR-Original-Date: Tue, 18 Aug 2009 10:07:05 -0400
Subject: {ASSM} The Shangri-La Islands Ch 3 (By: TheSearch4)
Lines: 805
Date: Tue, 18 Aug 2009 14:10:02 -0400
Path: assm.asstr.org!not-for-mail
Approved: <assm@asstr.org>
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories.moderated,alt.sex.stories
Followup-To: alt.sex.stories.d
X-Archived-At: <URL:http://assm.asstr.org/Year2009/59307>
X-Moderator-Contact: ASSTR ASSM moderation <story-admin@asstr.org>
X-Story-Submission: <story-submit@asstr.org>
X-Moderator-ID: emigabe, RuiJorge


This is a work of fiction and is to be read that way. It is somewhat science
based and also religion based. So you should learn some of both areas when
reading it. Is there sex? Yes, some, but if your looking for hard core, look
else where. This, as all novels, is meant for entertainment. There will be
just one chapter each week as much research is going into this as I write.


Chapter 3

With all ready on the aircraft the stairs were let down and Hideki slowly
walked down eyeing the military with complete disdain. Dana followed him and
saw the man she knew she would fight.

Hideki motioned for people to spread out, so the fighting area was clear of
any but the contestants. He had wasted no breath on them so far. But you
could see fear in some of the men's eyes when they looked toward him.

Once people had moved back and cameras were in place, Dana moved forward
like a cat. The man knew he had a real opponent. He took his position
and bowed to her and she returned it. Then she just stood there waiting.

The man was confused and finally he went for her and she was gone. She was
now standing behind him. That was not possible unless he walked through her.
He had never seen her go over his head and land behind him.

Troops now were really fearful that this fighter would play with their best
fighter, and then disgrace them. But they saw ten troopers standing with
machineguns and it was no time to try to fight. This disgrace to any man of
Japan was drawn out and their man never put a hand on the other fighter. She
finally took his knee out and he lay rolling on the ground.

Hideki was ready now. "Do you have any good fighters for mine? This has
been enough of a warm up." The chance to redeem their face was extended.

The general was now angry, but he knew he had better watch his mouth. This
man who ever he was had a lot of power. "We have none better in this area,
sir."

"Should we wait for you to fly someone in worthy of my fighter?" The look on
his face would have melted stone.

"I am sorry sir, we have none better in this country." The media had caught
that and they were shocked. But when Dana took off her mask they like to
have dropped their teeth. It was a woman who had beaten their best fighter!

One officer pulled his gun and was shot right between the eyes. "If you
have any more fools here, let them line up to be shot so no innocent one gets
hurt." The look now on Hideki's face said it all.

The car was brought around, he and Dana go into it and drove off without
any military people. There was total shock back behind them and no one had
any idea what to do.

It took little time to get to the palace area of the park and pull through
the gates that were open for them. There were no guards or military people
at all.

"Dink, no one comes in the front of the building understand?"

"It will be as you say, Dana."

A group of servants came out and Dink opened the trunk for them to unload
the treasures in there. They removed it and Hideki and Dana went into the
palace.

A camera had been set up to provide the media with a feed and sound in a
meeting room. Palace staff ran the cameras and sound system. Once the gifts
had been set up as Hideki wanted them he started to present them one at a
time to the Emperor, along with the history of each. This took almost an hour and he was
sure people were just blown away. Not one gift was less that 500 years old,
with the oldest being over eleven hundred years old. They were all from the
far distant past of the country's history.

Hideki bowed deeply to the Emperor, and explained his relationship to him.
They were very distant cousins. Which surprised the Emperor as he thought he
knew all who were related. He was handed a book that went back ten thousand
years, it showed families and their connections up to today.

It made clear there were just six clans from the old Imperial line still
living. He knew he had to act or lose forever the chance to help his people.


"My people, I apologize for allowing the current government to exist, and for
the one before that. The men now ruling you have removed my office from
power. That will change today if you wish it. Japan will have an active
Emperor and will be governed by the original rulers of our country in a fair
and honorable manner. Business has proven not to be able to govern our people and
have cheated them often. Now they will serve me, and if they fail you, they
will be executed. But you must make that choice and I will follow your
decision."

This started a massive march to the palace to make that request. Aircraft
tried to leave the island over the next few hours and were shot down by
fighters over the city. Not one industrial leader who left, or tried to,
survived the attempt.

Discussions with the Emperor were very fruitful for Shangri-La, and a good
relationship was set up. Hideki would come back and over see the school for
the ruling class. They had found sixty three clan families spread over the
islands. They would be the government and the Emperor would make the final
decisions.

The reason for the school being on one of the Shangri-La islands was so no
family could teach the laws other than the right ones. The Emperor was to be
beyond questioning.

The agreement with John would help them pay for a lot of the changes
to the system. Hideki had proven his worth, and was named the
Minister of Education for Japan. He would listen to meetings and vote from
his school on the islands.

This was at least a start to making some changes in a world gone mad. The
crash would never completely heal, but most of the people would find ways to
survive now in Japan. Industry, who had made many promises and never kept
them, was gone.

This all had taken just a few hours time and had been very well planned by
John. The respect Hideki now had for him was far above any he had ever had
for anyone except his mother. The man knew just how to script a plan, so it flowed
into actions by others.

When they got to the airport their plane was sitting with no one but
Dana's people around it. So getting things ready and taking off was really
easy. John's car was locked down to the floor of the airplane and it had not
one scratch.

As the planes landed at the island's base, they went into the mountain and
the runway went below water. Dana, Hideki and Dink were flown to the house
by chopper. They all retired to John's office and briefed him on
things that he could not see by the media feeds or at the aircraft. There
was a lot of information passed and he was very pleased with how well they
had done.

"Hideki, I know you have work to do for Japan. But I need you to oversee the
trade from here to there, also. We must be paid in ways that allow us to
build up wealth, and not lose it. You must use your judgment in making those
decisions. But it will allow you to guide Japan's dealings also."

"I'll be honored, John, to assure you are not cheated, or placed where
you could lose the money of the people. You need none of the wealth this
nation has to live like a God. So I know it is not personal money I am
working with."

"True to a degree, I did finance many things here so the islands owe me for
it. So that will need to be repaid and that means they have got to be paid
to be able to do that."

"Are you going to sell any of that gold you have?"

"It really depends on what I am offered for it. I will not reduce my wealth
to sell gold. But I would trade for gemstones or other precious metals. Maybe some for art if it is really good. So there are things I might be interested in."

Hideki knew he had been given an opening and he would use it to John's
advantage, if possible. He knew Japan needed some gold for money security. It
was estimated John had about five trillion in gold and the monetary credit
here on the Shangri-La Islands was backed by his gold for a small fee each
year based on total money in the system.

They used maybe a trillion of it and paid him 2.5 million a year in
interest. That was a low cost way to insure your money value. John charged
them just 1/4 of 1 percent for backing the money and took no salary for his
work as the leader. Here he was the de-facto King and that was just how it
was, as none wanted his job. People were happy they all had jobs. Some had
their own business and others worked for government companies. The
government was a corporation and everyone benefited from that, as no taxes
were required to be paid. Services were paid for by corporate profits.
John's real title was Chairman of the Board.

The family all sat down now at the conference table and discussed the
current business ventures of the corporation. They were sure things with the
new agreements would help both countries.

"I have one worry, daddy, and that is how will the Emperor change with him now
having power?" Kelly ever the bright one knew that was going to happen.

Hideki decided to answer her. "We have his three grand children coming here
for school. There are altogether one hundred and seventy children coming here to
study. I really can't believe any Emperor would risk the lives of all
the ruling class children. Once we have trained them they will have bonds to
these islands. You won't see them turning their back on us. But they will
have their own beliefs and follow the correct laws."

"Hideki, will I be allowed to learn there as well?"

"Of course, I would expect you to want to do that. You already speak pretty
good Japanese, but working with the other children it will get much better. I
know one day your dad expects to you run things here, so building
relationships with future leaders is a very good idea."

That suited Kelly and she saw John was pleased. "I would like to work with
you some more on my understanding of the history of Japan."

He nodded and she knew he would help her. There were many questions she had
no answers for.

"Now we have the problem of dimensional shifts. I have found that Japan once
was in this same problem. Once the islands moved far enough away from the
shift point it stopped. So our goal right now is to find that shift point. I'm not sure all the islands make that shift any longer. I have Kendra
looking back at old books to see if she can find me answers. But David has
reported two attacks at night by some type underwater creature. It did no
damage and was not large enough to do any. But if they had been in a small
boat and not a ship it would have been bad. Both of those attacks were dead
west of this island. We have had none reported in any other area around us
so far."

"We do have two islands dead west of us so was it inside the channel or
outside it in deep water?" Dana had a map in front of her now.

John pulled David's position reports out and pushed them over to her. She matched
them up and smiled at him. "Both were on the deep water side of the islands.
Each was a good fifty miles off the island's shore. We may be slipping out
side the shift now for most of the islands. My guess is only time and
tracking attacks will pinpoint the shift line. I'm not sure this island is
within the shift area any longer. So we need to drop buoys that signal us
every so many seconds around each island. Then if a shift comes just the
ones involved will not transmit the signal. That is unless all islands
are moved. That also says the satellite was moved as well."

It seemed reasonable to John, and he could see no harm if the transmission
was short and directed. They could use a satellite to pick up the signals
and do some imaging as well.

"I'll set it up with David to get the buoys out, and with Carlton to have
satellite monitoring for them with imaging if one or more signals are lost."

Once this was decided the meeting broke up. John just had no other way to
track the problem. He knew that Dana's idea was his best bet. But what if
really all the islands shifted then the buoys would do no good. He needed
at least one someplace that did not shift.

That afternoon David and Carlton came in and sat at the table where John was
looking at a map of the islands and the area about one thousand miles
around them.

"I have a project I need both of you involved with. You know about the rumor
that we have a shift of dimensions here, and sometimes we are in one and
then we are in the other. So I want buoys made that have solar charging
ability and send a signal up to a satellite every minute or so. It may take
a hundred or more of these to cover all the areas around our islands. But we
also need a few out where that shift should not happen as a balance. 
With some luck we might get proof of that happening and some
pictures of it?"

Both men considered this and saw it as reasonable to them. "I'll get the
tech's into building what we need. David will need to plan how to seed each
island to best prove if it shifts or not." Carlton now had dropped the
planning in David's hands.

"It'll take me and my staff a couple of days to get a plan ready for you
to look at and approve. We might as well be looking for the ark as trying to
find out if a shift happens or not. My worry is will the satellite also
shift? We have lots of questions and no answers so far." David did have lots
of questions and most were very good ones.

Carlton headed back to set up the building of the needed equipment. He would
have his tech's set up for two satellites to handle the pick ups of the
signals. That way he could be sure to observe the shift if it happened. That
to him was the big question, did it happen?

John was still reading the book Kendra had shown him in the old worship
center in the mountain.

There was just so much he had to learn to start to understand this new
living area of the islands. They seemed so idyllic and yet also so
mysterious. The history was mixed with good and bad times and those were
blamed on the shifts. Except they did not call them that, they were called
the dark days or bright days.

Much confusion was created between different writers in the many books. No
two seemed to describe things the same way. It made it hard to see events as
either the same or different from others. They did not use words others had
before them. John's exasperation finally got the best of him and he called
Kendra.

She walked in carrying a coffee thermos and a piece of cake. "You took much
longer to call for me than I expected."

"I just got completely lost trying to understand what was the same and what
was different."

"All of us who have read those had the same problem. So a group working
together has made a book that is a time line. I had to translate that to the
calendar here for it to make sense to me or to you. It doesn't go into
the detail much of the writings do, but shows the time, actions and problems
the people had. They didn't try to explain why these happened, or what
caused the events. But you do get a somewhat clearer picture of the shifts.
I've added to it with things that happened during my life time."

That seemed like it should help some. "Now what is the problem with it?"

He had seen her concerned look. "It may or may not be completely accurate.
It for sure is a better time line that the books give you. But it indicated
that life has been here for right at one hundred thousand years."

"It seems some of the science books show some type human on the planet for
around six million years. So that number is not out of line, Kendra. The
location here might not fit the scientists views, but time wise your number
has some validity."

Of course Kendra had no idea of the theories out there on man's start on
earth. "That time just seems overly long, but if you say it isn't I will
accept it."

"Kendra, I really don't care about the length of time this has been said to be
going on. I do care only if it is going on, and then what affect if any it
has on us. If there were temples on the islands that explained this I would
be traveling and visiting them. On this topic I will do whatever is required
to understand and solve the problem. I do mean everything possible to be
done by me or others."

She understood his worries and knew he cared for his people. "There are many
temples or shrines over the ten islands. I don't think any one person has
ever seen them all, or even visited more than one or two, but you're the
leader here and it is your right to do that. They all belong to you now."

He was not sure she understood his position here. "I don't have anything I
can do others can't, Kendra. There's a lot of responsibility on me to
protect them, but they could travel to those temples or shrines as well as I
can."

She was smiling at him now like a child who was lost. "Once you purchased
the islands from my brother, you had powers you did not know were there or
included in the deal. He sold you not just the islands, but also his
birthright. Your people may go to the other islands, but that doesn't mean
they will ever see a temple or shrine. They could go to exactly where you
did and not see a thing. I was quite surprised that all the ladies and Kelly
could see the one here as that has never happened before. My brother could not
see them as he did not fit our belief system. I had hoped you could. So the
fact your entire family can was beyond my hopes."

"There are some strong personalities in the family. But I would never trade
any of them for another person. But the strange part is I am not a blood
relative of any of the girls. I have accepted them as mine and treat them
that way. But only the twins are mine."

"They are very much your children. Blood often matters less than how minds
fit together. Your family is the closest in how minds match that I have ever
seen." It was Kendra's real feelings and it showed. She had never commented
on the family, really.

"Just what is your belief system, Kendra?"

"I guess it is the very old version of Shintoism. The religions of Japan
really came from here, as did many of their people thousands of years ago.
But you also find a little of the Buddhist religion in ours. So our Kami fit
into a lot of the Asian religions of today. You need to understand that
Shinto itself means "the way of the gods." The Kami are the deities of the
religion. There is much you will need to learn to be able to solve this
mystery your facing now. Know that religion has a lot to do with the
solution you will find."

"It would seem that Hideki should be able to help me in understanding a lot
of the Shinto religious beliefs. I know his mother had relatives that once
were priests in the religion, and he was brought up in the religion as well."

"He does have some knowledge, but in the new religion and not the old. Ours
is much older than any Japan has today or had in the known past. So he would
have to be willing to relearn his beliefs. Some can do that and others
can't, as it is a real change in their belief system. He would have to be
willing to make changes that fly in the face of things he was surely taught
as a child. That's due to how much of Buddhism exists in the current
religion of Japan. "

"I assume it started to get mixed into the religion many years ago?"

"Yes, in the 1100's is where it started to be precise. It became more
confused in the mid to late 1500's. Today neither religion matches the old
ones that started in Japan. It started as two different religions and ended
up combined to a great degree into one."

"Some way that just doesn't surprise me. Man has always been good at
changing things to fit a model they liked better. Just accepting what exists
is hard for most humans." John could think of so many good things that had
been changed to adjust them for others to be happy. All he had to do was
look at law changes over the years in the old USA. Many good laws had been
made disasters by the multiple changes from congress. The stock market was
hurt, as were banks by laws where the people making them knew nothing of the
business.

"You really need to talk with Hideki to see if he is willing to see things
he may be uncomfortable with? It means he would have to teach his classes to
the students based on the old ways and he may not wish to do that. It is the
correct way, but not the current one now used." Kendra wanted John to see
the problems.

"I don't force people to make changes they are not comfortable with. Also I'm not sure we should teach the old ways except as maybe history to the
students. It is important they find their own level of comfort with the
religion. Not one dictated by us or some priest at a shrine."

Hideki had walked into John's office and had been listening. "You have me
completely curious as to what you two are into? I know our religion is
nothing like it once was. My mother had an old book scroll she used to teach
me the Shinto religion. She said it had come from one of her early
ancestors. What I saw in Japan did not even resemble what that book taught
me. Then I found three old scrolls at the school and read them and they were
exactly like the old book scroll. If we are going to teach the religion then
it must be correct."

John wanted to temper Hideki's feelings. "Those children coming will not
know what those scrolls say or if it is right. So you are going to have to
teach them as a history and allow the children to make up their minds if
they wish to see changes. It really is not for you to decide. Much of
what they learn from them is going to be that half of what is now taught is
Buddhist beliefs. As they were integrated into the Shinto religion they
change much of the meanings. Shinto is the worship of nature and what is
around you with many Kami's. Buddhism teaches an after life that the Shinto
does not have and it has a central figure of worship. It also teaches a
moral code which Shintoism does not have."

Hideki had some decisions to make. John was right in his not pressing
his feelings on his students. "I respect your wisdom and will follow what is
right. Each child will get to decide what is the proper way to worship. "

"Now, you and I need to work together, so I am better student of the old
Shinto beliefs. We are stepping back into the old ways and I must learn them
as will my family. The people don't have to change their beliefs, but we do
if we wish to lead."

That really caused questions for Hideki. "Why would you wish to go back into
an old religious belief where it is not well documented, has no formal
scriptures and no moral views? Yes, there are some written works from leading
priests that do tell much of the spirit of the Kami and what is expected of
man."

"I know this is going to take a leap of faith, Hideki. But your religion
started here on these islands. It went to your islands in sometime around
the 500 BCE time period, and the people who took it were from the other
dimension we are looking for. From what little I have learned many humans
have left the other universe over time and come to this one. But it seems
these islands were the port hole they could go through."

That took some time to absorb and deal with. He knew these islands had some
place in Japan's history, but not just where. "I need some time to consider
this and digest it. It doesn't shock me, but leaves me with a lot to work
out. So lets start this again tomorrow, and I will have a different
outlook at that point."

John just nodded his head and Hideki left the office. "Well what do you
think, Kendra?"

"You seem to be drawing a core group of people around you. That is good for
you as it provides much input from different angles. Because it is not
political it should work. My brother's idea was everything was political. It
caused him many problems."

"Here there are no political issues, as it is a corporation and not an
elected government. The profits are for everyone's benefit and not just one
or two people. My job is simply to assure all are treated fairly. That
includes your people as well as the ones who came here from my country. That
was held down to a minimum of the knowledge needed for the drilling,
refining and natural gas being processed for LNG.  We needed a lot of trained
people. I also needed people to teach, run the schools and university here.
Those skills your people did not have."

"I can't argue with that and accept it as wise. The people are now using
your computerized schools to teach their children. Some are also studying
with them, and it is working. Even the men are using the computer system and
learning much. It has changed the way education is looked at here by
everyone. The ability of the system to translate from your English to our
language helps."

"The computer guys I have are very good and saw the need. They just
developed the way to solve it and I didn't hear about it until later. That
is how things should work."

"What they did is very much appreciated by the people. Your giving each
family a free computer and having them set up also was unexpected. That had
to have cost a lot of money."

"It did cost some money, and is so far well worth the investment. The men
that are using it for farming are doing far better than before. We have been
able to teach new methods and improve productivity. The tea, coffee and
cacao beans are being produced now at levels we can export. Our quality is
very high and in demand wherever it has been tried. That is why Japan wants
to be able to trade in our products. There is also the fact we have stopped
men for going fishing by using our boats. We have lost no one, the men are
farming and making their families money to live on."

"That has caused some talk and a few are not happy that they no longer
fish."

"If they would like to work on our larger boats I would never object. If
they were considering going out to be killed then I would object. Any who
feel less than a man ask them if they would like to train for our military
defense force. There is not one girl they could possible whip right now. My
security force is half female and damn good. Not one of them is over
eighteen years old and some are fifteen. Now, Jackson is older, and he is the
commander."

Kendra was laughing at this idea. "That I will pass on to the people. You
did hit the point of the complaint and countered it nicely. I think setting
up some recruiting around the islands would bring you a few young men that
are unhappy now."

"Some men are sensitive about having a woman who is better than them in any
way at all. I am not one of them. Each human has something they are good at.
We should work to fit these things together to make us stronger and better.
This was one of the issues I had to deal with back in America, also."

"I have things I must get done today. So if you have no more questions I
must get busy." She left after seeing John was lost in thought.

Dana came in and started rubbing his neck and shoulders. "That feels nice,
dear, and I am really tensed up."

"Lets go to the pool, and hit the hot tub and then I'll work on you some."

It didn't take any pushing to get him to follow her.

The hot tub water and jets started to relax John. He
was feeling the warmth soaking into his body and the water movement relaxing
his tense muscles. The days leading up to this one had all been tense and
stressful for him.

"You seem lost lately and not yourself, dear?" Dana wanted to know what was
eating at him.

"I guess I do from your point of view. There is just so much that requires
being done, and it all seems to be needed now. Then there is this shift thing
which I'm not sure is happening now at all? We have two peoples we must
integrate and make it work smoothly. So there I have a fine line I must
walk. We had that problem with Japan and the corporation there. Now I have
an even larger commitment to protect and educate the children of the ruling
families. I guess I need answers, and just don't have them or people to ask?"

She could see his problem now. "The first few days you came to bed with me
and slept a good nights sleep. That way you got up feeling good, and ready
for a day. I think your lack of sleep and being tired during the day is
hurting your decision making abilities. As you once told me, there are limits
to what a person can do and be effective."

"Hideki has been teaching Leigh Anne to meditate and allow her mind to go
free looking for answers. She says it is working for her and helps her see
more of any concept she is dealing with. I may have to try that route, but I
don't want you or any of the family at risk any more."

She considered what she had felt back at the airport. "I never felt at any
risk, husband. You had covered every risk that Hideki or I had, and the plan
worked precisely. So going back now and picking it apart is of no value."

He chuckled as she hit him once more with his own words. They got out of the
hot tub and he was ready for her to work on him. They headed to their rooms
and he positioned himself on the bed.

As Dana started working the knots out he was mentally floating. Slowly much
came into his sight and he knew he was breaking through the wall he had.

She kept going for half and hour and rolled him over to finish up. He was
there but not there also. His body responded to her every touch and she
liked seeing that. They had not had sex in a few days and she knew she was
going to use his body to help her satisfy her needs. Wherever his mind was,
it was not here.

She mounted him and slowly slipped him deep inside her. The feelings were
intense and she took the time to allow each of them to play with her. It was
like nothing she had ever felt before. Sex was always good, but this reached
into her mind as well as her body.

She must have ridden him for at least an hour. But all at once he came so
hard it sent her into an orbit she did not know was possible.

John's eyes popped open and he liked to have sucked the room empty of air.
"My God, girl, I have never felt anything like that before. Matter of fact I
did not even know we were having sex?" That caused him to laugh.

"I hope I'm pregnant once more. The strength of your climax just might have
done the job. It seems I am in a fertile period and who knows here what
happens?"

"Hey, I have enough children, love. You tend to give me two at a time. I have
two now to work with showing love and giving them equal time. That keeps me
busy and I don't want to cheat them."

"Just remember that fertility is now one of your Kami's. So show some
respect, dear." She was now laughing at the look on his face.

"How do you know where we are headed?"

"It does not take a rocket scientist to see that. You have taken over a
nation of mostly Shinto religious people. Yes there are a few Buddhists on
these islands and they also use the Shinto form of worship.  Knowing you,
you would have to become able to function in their religion. Many of the
older people here see you as an answer to the islands many problems of the
past. You have shown knowledge they never expected, and you take time to
listen to them. That has not existed in their lifetimes."

"Where did you get this information?"

"While you have been worrying yourself to death I have been visiting
shrines. I asked, and Kendra gave me a guide. Of course, you have not seen
Kelly around here, as she is working with me. We have plans to visit over
one hundred shrines and temples on the ten islands. This island has twenty
shrines or temples here. The smallest island has only three. But when we are
done you will have a map of them all and a history. Kelly and I hope it
helps you understand the islands better when we are done?"

He was pleased with the help they were trying to give him. "I'll look
forward to reading it and gaining some insight. But, how are you documenting
them?"

"We've taken digital pictures and they all have come out so far. Kelly was
sure they would just vanish when we came out of the shrine. But that didn't
happen, and she has printed each of them and put them in a folder. Every
picture on the walls is now documented and each detail can be seen. I am
there to talk to the older ladies as they don't open up with Kelly like they
do with me."

"I wonder why they talk freely with you?"

"It seems I'm some what of a super hero to the older ladies. My easily
winning the fight in Japan has made me someone they respect. A woman is
finally being seen as a man's equal, or better. Your willingness to allow this
has made you someone to follow at all costs. Kelly is seen as the future
leader here, and not to be bothered by them."

"That needs to be changed, and quickly, or it will be come the norm. We both
need people to talk freely with us all. They are our eyes and ears out there
and we need the information only they can provide."

"I'll work with Kendra to find a way to take care of that." Dana would do
whatever she could to help.

Looking at the clock he knew he had one more meeting today. "David is coming
in to discuss the placement of the buoys, if you would like to come discuss
it? He thinks he may have found one place where it does not shift. Then if
you don't mind, I'll just let you handle that and follow it for me? I don't
need to know anything unless there is some movement."

"I'll be happy to handle it, and there is a good working relationship
between me and our military."

They dressed and headed to John's office. Kendra had coffee and cookies that
someone on the staff had made. David was waiting and enjoying the food and
coffee. "It would have worked out if you had been even later. Now I'm going
to have to share these."  It sounded like the child had come out to play in
him?

"Life always has its downsides, David. Now if you would like, I'd be happy to
fight you for the cookies?"  Dana knew he was never going to accept.

He was now laughing and enjoying his time here. "OK, people here is the
current map and the suggested locations for the buoys."

Dana looked over it closely and saw a couple of odd locations. "Why the two
really odd locations close in to the islands?"

"They are the locations of the last reported losses of people fishing. 
Each location is a bay
with a small inlet going out to the ocean. Because of the tides people fish
the bays, and don't go out of them to fish in the ocean. It seemed odd they
would lose someone there with basically calm waters."

"John said you had one you were sure was safe?"

"It is the one sitting on that rock out towards Japan. The small island is
just a large rock coming up from the bottom and is a good five hundred miles
from our islands. There is a small beacon on it to make people aware of it
and it is always checked by the Japanese navy. They get directional signals
each day letting them know it is working. So the odds are good it never
shifts."

"That I wouldn't bet on as they know what that is. It may not be believed
any more there, but it is accepted others do believe it. So knowing their
reaction time to a loss of signal would tell us a lot."

David knew how John thought, now. "They just completed a change of the light
there. It took five days from the loss of signal for them to be at the light.
So I think they do respond quickly to that light's needs. Their distance from
us being just over 4100 nautical miles makes the time to the light a fast
trip. It is critical for them to use it as a navigation point for ships
coming here. By the way that mile is 6,000 feet long not 5,200, just for
information, and is used by our missiles and satellites. But the GPS has
improved the accuracy of those. We now can designate a spot with infrared
laser from space and be dead on target."

"Is our having a relay on that rock going to upset them?"

"It might if they could tell it was there. That just will not be possible."
David was sure of himself and they knew better than to argue with him.

"I see no major issues with the current placements. I would like to see some
in the waters between islands. These are all outside the islands in deep
water. So it will tell us nothing about our island or the other large one.
We also would learn nothing of how far the displacement goes without that
coverage." Dana had her wants and knew what Kendra had told her.

David looked at John. "Hey it is now her project and I'm just listening to
this, David. There is more than enough work here for me and a large group of
helpers I don't have. That problem comes with starting something new."

"What's new? The technology we had before and the people are mostly from our
area around the mines."

"But I also brought in engineers, teachers and other technology based people
who seemed to agree with us. We have had three arrests of people who changed
their tunes when they got here. That's not really that bad, but how many
more do we have?"

"In the Navy I can assure you, none. You have captains and crews thankful for
being here. They all saw the ship sinking back home and wanted no part of
that. Here their rules are clear and direct. Everyone understands the laws."

"Carlton says his people and those of General Zane are the same way. So my
worry is the technical people and others living in the towns. Most of our
farmers are locals or retired military. Once more, they are not my worry."

"What do you see as their problem?"

"For some reason people who are eating well, dressing nicely and having a
basically good life feel guilty. The story is we should be giving away what
we have to the poor of the world. What we did for the native population
means nothing to those people. I am so tired of hearing about 'our' riches it
is getting ridicules. They are 'my' riches, and not 'ours' in any way. If I gave
every dime away, people would still have nothing. No government would be
fixed, land farmed as it should be or a fair living made by those who got
the money. The majority of the world is a taking group and gives nothing
back at all. Here, I'm making my money work for everyone."

The ideology actually worked. People had jobs and made good money here.
Looking at the rest of the world, that was for sure not true. China was
eating up each country they could. But their lack of a major Navy would slow
them down in the Pacific. They would at some point try to build that Navy, he
was sure. David was worried about the next day, week or month and not years
from now.

"Well, boss, things are going to get really bad over the next couple of years.
China is going to attempt to reach out and control all countries in the
Pacific below the equator. The power they could have is just going to be too
much of a golden opportunity to not act. Where other countries have no
ability now to place satellites in space, they do still have that ability.
They will, I'm sure, come after ours or what they believe are US ones."

"Then you'd better see that doesn't happen, David. The technical area for
this is yours, and that makes it your problem. I would say a nice size
accident at their main space launch site might slow things down for a time.
They will run out of the money any government must have at some point. They
also need minerals that they don't have, so there are a few ways to slow
them down. As small as their Navy is, we could destroy ships as they are
built. Their ships all run on oil based fuels. But remember when food,
money, warmth, decent living conditions and clothing start to become short
people will revolt. Those keys are what pushes the group to fight back."

David could see it from the problems in the USA. "But with you taking over,
those were no longer problems. So what happened?"

"The US has always had more than others even in the older countries. The
people's expectations were way too high for coming out of the problem that 
government gave us. No changes were acceptable to them from what they had before.
It was mob rule, like what brought the government down by spending far too
much. The people supported it and demanded it, so government spent it. When
I said no they were ready to take what they wanted. Now I hope they have it.
I know none of our old radio stations are still on the air."

"It is no big surprise to you, I'm sure, but we are being looked for. That
group of ships is from the west coast. The Hawaiian Islands are a new
government, and will allow no US ships in there. They are selling pineapples
and sugar to get what they need. All of that is being shipped this way."

"It's a sure bet California does not have real money to buy from them. Some
of the mining states may reopen mines to produce some silver and gold. That
is the only way they can become solvent. Probably no one is looking
where we found my gold, as coal mines just don't have gold seams."

"But yours was well below the coal and I bet no one ever looked there
before?"

"It still doesn't fit the knowledge base the scientists believe in. So it
can't happen again, since they don't know where mine came from. There is
nothing to challenge their lack of knowledge. I know many think my gold was
the US gold reserves, of which the US had little. Most of what was left was
in banks in deep vaults. That the politicians took someway, I'm sure. I know
many countries came in while New York was still functioning and removed
their gold. But if any military group is looking, it's to take what we
have."

"I see a hard time finding what their charts say is not here. Our islands
are not on Navy maps for this area of the Pacific. Why, is a complete mystery
to me? But I have checked every map the Navy had for this area, and none have
our island group."

"Well Japan does and they are who we are trading with exclusively. So our
not being on other's maps doesn't bother me at all." David left at this point
to handle his assignment.




-- 
John
Old age is the most unexpected of things that can happen to a man.
 - Leon Trotsky
<1st attachment begin>

<HTML removed pursuant to http://assm.asstr.org/erotica/assm/faq.html#policy>
<1st attachment end>

----- ASSM Moderation System Notice------
Notice: This post has been modified from its original
format.  The post was sent as an email attachment and
has been converted by ASSTR ASSM moderation software.
----- ASSM Moderation System Notice------

-- 
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all rights
reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.
+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| alt.sex.stories.moderated ------ send stories to: <story-submit@asstr.org>|
| FAQ: <http://assm.asstr.org/faq.html> Moderators: <story-admin@asstr.org> |
+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|ASSM Archive at <http://assm.asstr.org>   Hosted by <http://www.asstr.org> |
|Discuss this story and others in alt.sex.stories.d; look for subject {ASSD}|
+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+
