The Academy
by storyguy

The Academy – 1

Beth was excited. The moment she had spent the last eight years studying for was finally here. She had been accepted into the Academy! There had been over 1000 applicants, the top from every school in the country, trying for only 100 openings in the class. She had worked hard to get in. When the rest of her friends had been having fun partying, she had been studying; when they were enjoying lazy summer vacations, she had been taking a full summer course load. Now she was joining the most elite in the country for special training at the Academy.

She stood for a moment nervously looking at the Academy entrance. The building was huge. For the first time in her life, she was alone. Regulations required her to travel alone, without her parents, and not bring anything except a few necessities. It seemed strange to be going off to school with less than she might have carried with her on an overnight trip.

She might have been alone, but she had been supervised the whole trip. A car had picked her up at her house and taken her to the airport. There she had been met by an Academy representative who had traveled with her on the plane and had dropped her at the entrance to the school. The representative had explained to her about the program. The Academy would provide everything for her. It was almost like a military academy without the military drill and customs. There was a uniform of sorts but the students were allowed some latitude. They would be provided a variety of things to wear but all clothing was supplied by the Academy and no “outside” clothing was allowed.

Not wanting to be late, even though she didn’t really have an appointment, Beth walked up to the entrance and went in. Strangely there seemed to be very few people there. A quick glance around and she saw a desk along a side wall with a sign which read “Registration”. Beth walked over and a polite woman asked her name. “Elizabeth Arnold” she answered.

The woman scanned down a sheet and said, “Oh yes, we’re expecting you. Let’s see… you’re only 13?”

“Well, technically. My birthday is next week. I’ll be 14 then, but right now I’m still 13,” Beth answered.

“That’s fine. You may be the youngest here though. Most are between 15 and 16 when they start. You must be very smart!” the woman complimented, making Beth blush a little. “The guide explained our program to you and explained the registration process?” the woman continued. Beth answered that she had. “OK, let’s get you started then. The first part is probably the worst. You’ll be taking a whole battery of intelligence tests and, of course, the physical also. You are going to hate today’s “fashions” – a hospital jonnie, but as soon as you finish they’ll have a change of clothes for you. The rest of your things will already be in your room when you get there.” She pointed to a door next to her desk, adding, “Go into room 3 and you will find the jonnie. Put it on and a guide will be in shortly to collect the clothing you’re now wearing and take you from there. Leave your bag here and I’ll have it brought to your room.”

Beth handed the woman her bag and walked into the room the woman had pointed to. There she found a jonnie neatly folded on a small table, a chair, and a rack with hooks. As instructed, she began to take her clothes off. Although she new about the physical, it still made her uneasy. She had been through physicals before and new they didn’t hurt but they were still embarrassing. Quickly she took off her top, bra, and pants and quickly covered her nudity with the jonnie. She always hated them. They never really covered, especially in the back. She smiled as she looked up. On the wall was a sign – Yes, your shoes too. She sat down on the chair and dutifully took them off.

The door opened as Beth was pulling her socks off. “Hi. I’m Linda. Are you ready?” Beth nodded. Linda placed a box on the floor and began to place Beth’s clothes into it. “I think we’re missing something,” Linda grinned. “You have to take all your clothes off.”

Beth blushed as she stood up and pushed down the last protection her modesty had. Her panties fell to her ankles. Still blushing she picked them up off the floor and dropped them intro the box.  “I know… I remember when I went through my physical I did the same thing,” Lynda consoled. Somehow Beth wasn’t consoled though. She still felt humiliated knowing she was completely naked save the jonnie, which could reveal her at any time. Fortunately she was small and the jonnie overlapped as much as possible. “OK, you can stay in here until they call you. When they do, just go out this way and turn right. There is a desk right there,” Linda instructed and then left the room.

Beth nervously waited. A few minutes later, a woman called, “Arnold?” Beth stood up and walked out of the room. As soon as she turned right she stopped; a boy, dressed in a jonnie, was standing in front of the desk. “Elizabeth?” the woman behind the desk asked looking at Beth. Beth’s throat went dry, preventing her from speaking but she did manage a nod. “Well, come on,” the woman ordered. Beth shyly walked to the desk, keeping one hand on the jonnie making sure it didn’t open. “This is your partner, Nicolas Adams. Nicolas, this is Elizabeth Arnold.”

Nick smiled at Beth weakly and said, “Hi.”

Beth couldn’t believe he was there. She knew the school paired students but she never expected she’d be taking a physical with a boy. Beth had never even had a date. She had gone to an all girls private school and the closest she had ever come to a boy was if one sat next to her someplace. She had seen boys on the beach and had been seen in her one piece swim suit but she felt a lot more covered in that than she felt now.

The woman behind the desk shoved a folder at Beth and Nick. “Keep these with you and give them to the doctor at each station. You will start by going into the room there. When the doctor comes in, hand your folders to him. Once he finishes, you will go to the next room and continue in that manner until you’re finished.” The woman, after pointing to a door, went back to her work and Beth and Nick walked into the room.

They stood in the empty room for a moment before Beth finally spoke. “I’m sorry. I guess I’m being kinda rude to you not speaking. I just was a little surprised to see you standing there.”

“That’s OK, Elizabeth,” Nick answered trying not to sound as nervous as he was.

“Please don’t call me that. I hate the name Elizabeth. Everyone, except teachers, calls me Beth,” Beth said boldly, forgetting for a moment she was with a boy who was also probably naked under his jonnie.

“OK, Beth, and you can call me Nick, OK?” he answered.

Before Beth could say any more, the doctor entered the room. The two handed him their folders. He opened and studied them for a moment and then began a barrage of questions. He asked things like operations, tattoos, which made Nick smile, allergies, and many more questions with each answering “No”. Beth and Nick were standing shoulder to shoulder answering his questions. He then asked about birthmarks. Nick answered “No” but Beth had to tell the doctor she had one. When he asked where she turned bright red.

“Um… ah… it’s on my bum,” she mumbled staring at the floor. The doctor stood and Beth thought the interview was over. Instead the doctor walked behind her and lifted the back of her jonnie, verifying her birthmark. Beth gasped as he did, turning scarlet. Granted, he was a doctor, but Nick was right there next to her. There was no way he could have seen anything but he had to have known the doctor had lifted her jonnie and looked at her birthmark. Nick also knew where the birthmark was. The doctor went back to the desk, wrote something in each of the folders, and handed them back telling the pair to go through a door into the next room.

The next few hours went smoothly. The partners went through a battery of written tests and then eye tests, hearing tests, and then to what they were told was the last room. Beth had gotten used to Nick being with her but still was embarrassed about wearing the jonnie. They had time to talk some between doctors and found they really got along very well. They didn’t realize it but the school had actually used the preadmission tests and interviews to pair them. By the time they entered that last room, they both felt as though they had known each other for years. Neither would have picked the fashions they were wearing though but both were a little more relaxed by this time.

Beth and Nick walked into that last room to find the doctor already there. He took their folders but just placed them on the desk without opening them. “I really don’t like working this station because it’s probably the least favorite,” the doctor began. “As you know, at the Academy we do everything as a group; sometimes a large group and sometimes just with partners, but never individuals. You two are partners and will be doing everything together. This is where it will start. Both of you may be embarrassed but try to keep the partner idea in mind.”

Beth understood what the doctor was saying. The day had been rather embarrassing for her. Nick had proven himself to be a great partner though. He was intelligent, liked most of the same things she did, and seemed really nice.

The doctor spoke again. “I always use the alphabet to see who goes first and, Nicholas, you’re the one. Please sit up on the exam table.” Nick jumped up on the table. Beth remained standing although she was still facing him. The doctor checked his reflexes and then reached behind Nick, untied the jonnie, and let it drop to Nick’s lap. Beth didn’t think anything of it as the doctor listened to his heart. “OK, jump down now,” the doctor instructed.

Nick did as he was asked, holding onto the jonnie with one hand. “This is the tough part. Remember, everyone goes through it,” the doctor stated as he reached out for the jonnie. “Let go now,” the doctor told Nick. Thinking the doctor was going to hold up the jonnie, Nick released his grip. The doctor dropped the jonnie to the floor.

Beth gasped. Just a few feet away from her Nick stood, now completely naked. He immediately bent down to grab the jonnie. “Stand up straight,” the doctor said softly but firmly. Nick, totally red in the face, slowly stood. His eyes shifted around the room but he never looked at Beth.

Beth couldn’t believe what was happening. She was in a state of shock; frozen, unable to move anything, including her eyes. She had studied anatomy in school so knew what boys looked like but she had never even seen a baby boy let alone an older boy. His crotch was covered with hair. His penis hung limply down. His balls hung loosely beneath. Her initial shock wore off some and she looked down at the floor for a moment but raised her gaze some out of curiosity. The doctor put on a rubber glove and told Nick to open his legs a little.

It was now time for Beth to blush. The doctor reached between Nick’s legs and began to prod his ball sack. A few seconds later, the doctor told Nick to get on the table again. This time he had Nick lie on his back while he prodded his belly. The room was arranged so that Beth was actually standing at the end of the table. Although she felt she shouldn’t look, Beth couldn’t seem to stop herself from watching the doctor examine Nick.

After a few minutes the doctor told Nick to roll onto his side and pull his knees to his chest. As he did, the doctor squeezed something from a tube onto his asshole. “Try to relax,” the doctor told him. Beth’s eyes widened as the doctor pushed his finger into Nick’s ass. Her own ass clenched as he did. Beth was shocked as the doctor’s finger wiggled inside Nick for a moment and then pulled out. “All done,” the doctor announced as he handed Nick some tissue. Nick wiped himself then jumped down from the table. He looked at Beth and turned bright red.

“You’re next, Elizabeth,” said the doctor looking at her. Suddenly Beth thought she was going to faint. “Sit up on the table,” the doctor told her. “Nicolas, please move over there,” the doctor ordered as he pointed to the spot Beth had been standing. Beth, not wishing to face Nick right now, moved toward the table, keeping her back to Nick.

“Jump up,” the doctor ordered in a slightly irritated voice. Reluctantly Beth sat on the table. The doctor reached around her and pulled at the top tie of her jonnie. Instinctively she stopped it from falling. “Don’t be shy now,” the doctor stated. “I’m going to treat each of you the same. Now put your arms at your side.”

“No… please…” Beth begged. The doctor gave her a stern look and Beth realized he was not going to give in. Slowly she dropped her arms letting the jonnie fall. “OK, now just try to relax and we’ll be done in no time. Take a deep breath,” the doctor reassured. As he listened to her heart and lungs, Beth looked up at Nick. He immediately dropped his gaze to the floor. The doctor then began to knead her breasts. Beth blushed as Nick looked up for a moment and then looked back at the floor.

The doctor pulled his hands away and then told Beth to lie down on her back. She complied, staring up at the ceiling. Beth felt the jonnie being pulled down more, but, thankfully, the doctor didn’t pull it down all that far. He proceeded to prod her belly. Beth breathed a sigh of relief when the doctor told her to sit up. The jonnie was still covering her womanhood at least. He pulled the remaining string of her jonnie and added, “Move to the end of the table, please, and lie back down. As she did, he pulled the jonnie off her and threw it into a basket next to the table.

Beth clamped her legs together as they hung over the edge of the table. Her eyes were also clamped shut. The doctor moved something and then Beth felt him touch her leg. Her eyes snapped open when the doctor pulled on her leg and told her to relax. “No!” she cried out.

“Just relax,” the doctor said in a calming voice as he placed her leg in a stand next to the table. He then grabbed her other leg, placing it in a similar stand on the opposite side of the table. Beth’s face flushed knowing her virgin pussy was now in clear view. Suddenly something touched her.

“What are you going to do!” she exclaimed.

“Just relax. It won’t hurt. I’m just going to take a look inside,” the doctor answered.

Beth gasped as something slid into her. Not only could Nick see her, he was now watching something go inside her. “When did your last period end?” the doctor questioned. Beth told him it had just ended. She felt humiliated having to admit it in front of Nick. “OK, we’re almost done. This may hurt slightly,” the doctor told Beth.

The words were barely out of his mouth when Beth felt a stabbing pain deep in her belly. “Ow!” she cried out.

The doctor pulled his instrument out of her and handed her a wad of tissues. “All done,” he smiled. “Hold the tissues on your vagina while I fill out your paperwork. You may have a little blood but there’s nothing to worry about.” He went over to his desk, leaving Beth still with her legs wide open.

A few moments later he walked back to Beth and let her legs down. Beth, once free, stood up. The doctor took what looked like a bandage and stuck it on Beth’s lower belly, adding “You’ll find some clothes to wear in the next room.”
 
 
The Academy – 2

Beth and Nick left the doctor’s room, both still nude. As they entered the next room, they saw a pile of clothing on a table. Both walked to the table and began to dress.

“Did it hurt much?” Nick asked.

“Huh?” Beth questioned.

“When he did that stuff to you. You said ‘Ow’,” Nick explained.

“Yeah, a little,” Beth blushed. “Did he hurt you?”

“No, not really,” Nick answered, now blushing too. “I can’t believe he did that in front of you”

“Well, they told me everybody was treated the same here but I didn’t think they meant that,” Beth stated as she pulled up the provided panties.

Suddenly the door opened and a man walked in. Beth gasped and covered her still exposed breasts with her hands. “Oh, you’re not dressed yet. As soon as you are, come out and I’ll take you to your room.” The man then left.

“Doesn’t anybody get privacy around here?” Beth complained.

“They told me everything was open here… something about training,” Nick said.

“I suppose… they told me that too. I guess we’ll get used to it,” Beth mumbled as she put a bra on.

They finished dressing and went out to the waiting man. He led them out of the administration building and into one of the dorms. Opening the door, he told them, “This is your room. Your clothes are in the closets and bureaus. Nicolas, your bed is there and Elizabeth, that one is yours. The meal will be served in 15 minutes. Just go to the end of the hall. Your dining area is there.” He then left the two alone.

Beth and Nick didn’t talk but instead went to their respective closets and drawers to inspect their clothes. Beth was amazed to find everything was the correct size. Although there were a variety of items, skirts, pants, tops, and jackets, they all seemed to be blue, yellow, or white. Blue and yellow were the school colors though. She opened a drawer and the dresser, which was evidently an underwear drawer. In it were a few simple white items and a note:
“Where there are a variety of underwear styles, we have only provided you with a few items. You may stop into our school store and order the styles you wish. As always, both you and your partner must come in together.”

Beth blushed at the prospect of going with a boy to pick out her underwear. She had never even bought any on her own; her mother had bought for her. “I can’t believe it! We have to go get my underwear together!” she complained.

“Yeah, I got the same note,” Nick replied. “Let’s go eat.”

The two walked down the hall and into the dining room. It looked more like a restaurant than a dining hall. Tables were set up seating 4 at each. The only indication it was a dining hall was the serving line. Beth and Nick went through the line and then sat at one of the empty tables.

As soon as they sat down, another couple came to the table. “OK if we join you?” Beth and Nick agreed and the other two sat down. They explained they were the floor leaders and if Nick or Beth had any questions, the leaders were the ones to go to first. “Today’s your first day here, right?” The girl leader asked.

“Yes,” Beth answered.

“You had your physicals then…” the girl replied. Beth blushed. “I remember mine,” the girl continued. “I actually fainted. I woke up completely naked with not only my partner and the doctor standing over me but also the lead partners. I wanted to die I was so embarrassed! After a while, though, I got used to it. You will too. You’ll see naked students, and they’ll see you, all the time. It’s not like people just walk around nude though. The school has strict rules about that. Everybody has to be ‘decent’ all the time, but if you take a shower or something, someone other than your partner could see you then.” Beth’s jaw dropped. “Don’t worry about it,” the lead girl chuckled. “No one will do anything to you or touch you if you don’t want them too. I felt the same way at first. Some do stuff and some don’t. It really gets weird when a girl or boy has a lover that’s not their partner. There is a strict rule about going somewhere without your partner with you, so…”

“They have orgies here?” Beth blurted. “I’d never let a boy touch me!”

“Hey, lighten up. There are no orgies,” the lead boy commented. “Some engage in sex and some don’t. It’s up to you what you do or don’t do.”

“They could get pregnant without precautions. Do they give those things out?” Nick questioned.

“No need to. Everyone here is screened very closely. Besides, the bandage they put on Beth; every girl gets one. It’s a birth control patch.”

“They put me on birth control??? Why?” Beth gasped. “I don’t need it!”

“Every girl gets a patch,” the lead girl explained. “It does a lot more than just keep you from getting pregnant. Besides, it’s required once you graduate into the program. You wouldn’t want to get pregnant in space when you’ll be away for a few years or maybe more, right?”

“You mean they expect you to do it when you’re on a mission?” Beth naively commented.

“No, they don’t expect it but it does happen. Some are even married and in the program,” the lead girl explained.

“I didn’t think of that,” Beth admitted. “I don’t like the idea of everyone being able to see me though.”

“It’s all part of the training. On a mission, there might not enough space for separate living quarters for everyone. It’s just a fact of life. Part of your training is so you can still function under those circumstances,” The lead boy added.

The four had finished eating and the lead partners stood. “If you have any more questions, we’re in room 1 of the floor. Feel free to stop in any time. …and don’t worry about things. You’ll be fine,” the lead girl said as the lead partners walked away. Beth and Nick remained at the table for a while talking, about everything except their day and the subjects the lead partners had brought up. The dining room was emptying so they too left and went back to their room.

They continued talking for a while. Beth felt nature call and announced she had to go to the bathroom. “Do you know where the girls’ room is?” she asked Nick.

“No, why don’t you ask the leads?” Nick suggested.

Beth headed down the hall and knocked on the leads’ door. The girl answered the door and Beth asked her question. The girl smiled. “First of all, you’re not supposed to go anywhere without your partner. Naturally, if you wake up in the middle of the night or something, they don’t expect you to wake up your partner, but during ‘normal’ hours, you two are supposed to be together. There isn’t really a girls’ room or boys’ room. The bathroom is just down the hall from your room. It’s the one with the yellow door. …and he has to go in with you too.”

Beth thanked the lead girl and went back to her room. She still had to go but was too embarrassed to tell Nick he had to not only go with her but she had to have him there when she went. The two began chatting again with Beth attempting to delay the inevitable as long as she could. Finally the urge became too great.

“You know how they said we had to be with our partners all the time?” she said to Nick, knowing he knew the answer but not knowing how to say what needed to be said. Nick acknowledged he was familiar with the rule. “Well, I really have to go…” Beth commented.

“So? Go ahead,” Nick said, very puzzled.

“You gotta go with me,” Beth blushed.

“Oh,” Nick answered. He followed her out of the room to the floor bathroom.

Nick stood to the side as Beth opened the door. She walked in and quickly realized Nick wasn’t going to follow her. She had already been warned about him having to actually go in. “You gotta come in too,” she said meekly. Beth moved aside and Nick stepped inside.

Beth was so consumed with her own plight she hadn’t yet become aware they weren’t the only ones in the bathroom. She saw Nick’s jaw dropped and turned to see what he was looking at. She gasped as a boy just getting out of the shower smiled at her. Next to him was a girl and both were still completely naked except for the occasional cover provided by their towels as they dried off. Beth’s eyes widened; the boy was hard. Of course, she knew what erections were and had even seen drawings. She had also seen Nick earlier that day but he was soft then. She had no idea boys got so big. He seemed huge to her.

Suddenly Beth was knocked off balance by being hit with the door. She managed to stay on her feet and another couple walked passed her muttering, “Sorry.” “Hey, you guys coming to our room tonight?” one of the girls asked the nude couple as her partner walked up to a urinal.

“Yeah, give us a half an hour, OK?” the nude boy answered as he pulled on a pair of boxers. “Hi,” he said looking at Beth and Nick. “You’re the new partners, right?”

Try as she might, Beth couldn’t find her voice but did manage to nod. “Come on,” the recently nude girl said. “I still have to dry my hair.” With that both couples left.

Beth was still in shock. She had just seen the second nude boy of her life and he had talked to her like nothing was unusual. Although obviously upset, that urged made itself aware again. Beth looked around the room. There was a large, evidently community shower on one end. Along one wall were a row of sinks. Across the front were a few urinals and along the remaining wall there were toilets. None were in stalls though; just lined up along the wall and open.

Beth shuddered at the prospect but knew there was no choice now. She walked up to one of the toilets, turned, and looked at Nick, who was now watching her. He turned away from her and walked to one of the urinals. Beth nervously looked around once more. Only Nick and she were now there. Quickly she pushed her pants down, sat, did what had to be done, and stood up. As she did, Nick turned and caught her with her pants still at her knees.

“Sorry,” Nick muttered as he quickly turned away.

“It’s OK,” Beth said as she pulled her pants back up. “I know you’ve already seen me, much more than I would have liked maybe, but I’m still a little shy.”

Nick remained facing the wall until Beth tapped him on the shoulder. “Let’s go back to the room. I’m tired.” Nick smiled at her and the two walked back to the room.

Another awkward moment happened back at their room. They had been sitting on their beds, facing each other, and chatting some. Beth was getting very tired though. The stress of the day had taken its toll on her. She had been provided nightgowns. They were in her drawer. In the school handbook it had stated students were to place the garments they had worn during the day into a chute in the room. A laundry serving was provided. The problem was changing into her nightgown with Nick there.

After stalling for as long as she could, Beth had to face the inevitable – changing in front of Nick. She walked to the drawer, pulled a nightgown out, and turned to face Nick again. “I guess we’d better get ready for bed.”

“Yeah, it’s getting late,” Nick commented.

The moment of truth had arrived for Beth. She took a deep breath and reached for the buttons on her blouse. Slowly she began unbuttoning. Her knees were shaking as she reached the last button. Nervously she looked up at Nick as she began to slide the blouse off her shoulders.

Nick watched as Beth started to undress. This was different than before. It was just the two of them now. He felt his erection grow as her buttons opened to reveal her bra covered breasts. By the time her blouse hit the bed, he was rock hard. Out of embarrassment from his predicament, he stood and walked to his drawer and pulled out a pair of pajamas. He too was embarrassed to undress in front of Beth but knew there was no way to avoid it. As much as he wanted to see her naked again, he couldn’t let her see his erection so he changed facing his dresser and away from her.

Beth undid her pants as Nick walked to his dresser. Resigning herself to the fact she had no choice but to change in front of him, she pushed her pants down to the floor and stepped out of them. She stood for a moment in just her panties and bra mustering the courage to remove those final barriers. Nick stood in front of her, still facing away, with his shirt off. Beth watched as his pants fell to the floor.

Taking a deep breath, she reached behind her back to her bra strap and unhooked it. She hesitated again, knowing she was about to reveal her breasts with a boy standing just a few feet from her. Her heart was beating so hard she thought Nick might be able to hear it. To her it was drowning out the muffled sounds of the dorm. Her face flushed as Nick pushed his underwear down, revealing his naked ass to her. His apparent courage gave her the needed boost to let her bra slide down her arms. She caught it with her hand and tossed it onto the bed.

Nick bent slightly, giving her a brief look at his ball sack before pulling up his pajama bottoms. Knowing he would soon turn around and having her courage waning, Beth grabbed her nightgown and hastily pulled it over her head. As it dropped, Nick turned. He buttoned his pajama top as he looked back at Beth. She smiled nervously as she reached up and grabbed the waistband of her panties. With a quick pull on them, they crumpled at her ankles. She bent down and picked them up. Turning away from Nick, Beth gathered her clothes and proceeded to put them in the chute. Nick was right behind her.

The two, in silence, climbed into their beds. Beth was the first to turn out her light. Once settled, Nick turned his out also. For a moment the two remained quiet in the darkness of the room.

“Nick?” Beth said softly.

“Yes,” he answered.

“Thanks for not watching me get undressed,” Beth whispered.

Within minutes both had fallen asleep.


The Academy – 3

The dorm wake up call had come at 7AM. First class was at 8AM which gave them an hour to dress, eat, and get to their classroom. There was ample time but not much to spare. The morning also brought more awkward moments. This time it was Nick who was suffering. As was usual for most boys his age, he woke up with the typical morning hardon. Beth was already out of bed and at her closet. Hoping he could get out of bed and into his clothes before she turned around, Nick threw off the blankets and jumped to his feet.

Beth, hearing the commotion behind her, turned to Nick. She opened her mouth to say “Good morning” but the only thing that came out was, “Um…” Nick hadn’t even given it a second thought but his pajama bottom fly was only a thin piece on material overlapping another. His leap from the bed, and the twisting, had caused his erection to snake out. Beth turned to see Nick standing with his cock stiffly poking out of his pajama bottoms.

She didn’t know what to do. Nick was standing completely unaware of his exposure. Beth’s jaw dropped. She couldn’t help but stare. Nick was initially unaware. He looked at Beth and followed her gaze. It finally hit him what she was looking at. Quickly he stuffed the offending appendage back into his pajamas. Although now hidden, its hardness made it still very obvious. Nick turned bright red, muttering, “Sorry.”

His sudden movement jarred Beth back to reality. She also turned bright red. “Ah… um… I’m so sorry! I didn’t mean to look!” she stammered. “It’s just, um… you… I mean I…” Somehow she just couldn’t manage to get anything out. Quickly she turned her back to him and began to dress. In her panic, she didn’t concern herself about him seeing her. She ripped her nightgown off, completely exposing herself, and dressed. She had no idea, nor did she even care if he was watching her or not.

Beth sat down on the bed and put her shoes on; her back still toward Nick, or at least she assumed it was. Neither had said anything for the 5 minutes it took to dress. She sat on the bed for what seemed like hours before she finally had the courage to speak. “You ready? I’ve got to go to the bathroom and we’ve got to eat.”

“OK, I’m all ready,” Nick replied softly.

Beth still couldn’t face him. She walked to the door, opened it, and left the room, hoping Nick was following her. It wasn’t until she pushed open the bathroom door that she knew he was there; the door stayed open instead of closing quickly behind her. She walked to a toilet and finally turned to face Nick. “I’m really sorry I looked at you,” she apologized.

“It’s OK,” Nick mumbled, still embarrassed by the whole incident.

His words did little to quell the guilty feeling Beth had. Somehow she had to make it up to him. Beth was still staring at the floor, still not able to look at Nick, save the quick glance when she had told him how sorry she was. She reached under her skirt and pulled her panties down. A thought came to her as to how she could make things “even” between them.

For only the second time, she looked up at Nick. He was still standing by the door staring at the floor. “Nick?” she called. As he looked up, she lifted her skirt. Her panties were at her knees. She never dreamed she’d be doing such a thing, but she had looked at him. Rationalizing she owed it to him, she stood before him for a few moments, holding her shirt up and letting him look at her. He smiled slightly and she sat down, satisfied they were even and finally relaxed.

After going, she stood and carefully pulled her panties up; taking care to try and keep herself covered this time. The two washed and went to the dining hall. After going through the serving line, they sat at an empty table. This time no one sat with them.

“Why did you do that?” Nick asked after a couple of minutes.

“Do what?” Beth questioned.

“Pull your skirt up and let me look at you,” he replied softly.

Even though she had done it intentionally, Beth blushed at the question. “I thought you deserved to look at me. I looked at you this morning and I didn’t want you to think… um… feel bad.”
 

”I didn’t do it intentionally,” Nick quickly replied. “It was an accident… really… I didn’t know.”

“I know you didn’t. Even so…” Beth whispered.

She was interrupted by the lead partners. “You’d better hurry. You’ve only got 10 minutes to get to class and you don’t want to be late your first day.”

“Oh, we didn’t realize the time. Thanks!” Nick replied and the two stood and headed for the door.

“Are you like that a lot?” Beth asked in a quiet voice.

“Like what?”

“You know… Like you were this morning,” Beth clumsily explained.

“No,” Nick lied as they headed toward their classroom.

The rest of the day went smoothly. Where it had been the first day, most of their classes had been kind of an overview of what they had been studying. Beth was amazed when the anatomy teacher told them they would become completely familiar with the human body. The teacher told them he assumed the students all had a basic knowledge of worms, frogs, and the other usual lab animals. This class would concentrate on humans. Beth was a little frightened by his remarks and she wondered if the class would turn out to become a premed class.

The partners were tired after their long day of classes. At this school, there were no study periods or “gravy” classes. The days were long also. Classes began at 9AM. The only break during the day was a 45 minute lunch break and classes went until 4:30PM. Both flopped on their beds after returning from their last class. It wasn’t they were physically tired but both were mentally exhausted.

They stayed in silence for a few minutes. “Nick, are you still awake?” Beth muttered, breaking the silence.

“Yeah… I’m just resting my eyes,” Nick replied.

“Let’s eat as soon as the dining hall opens. I just want to veg out tonight and rest, OK? We can turn on the TV or something,” Beth suggested.

“Sounds good to me,” Nick agreed. “The dining hall will be open in 5 minutes. Let’s go wash up and we can be in there first.”

The two headed out the door to the bathroom. They walked in, expecting to be alone but discovered the lead couple was in there too. “How was your first day?” the lead girl asked.

“Great!” Nick answered.

“Yeah. Some of the classes look tough but we should have no problems,” Beth answered.

“I’m going to jump into the shower for a minute,” the lead boy called out from the shower area.

Beth should have known he was there but still wasn’t used to partners always being together. She looked in the lead boy’s direction, planning on greeting him, and was shocked. Her timing was perfect; or maybe completely wrong? As she glanced around the lead girl to see him, his pants and underwear dropped.

“So you think you’ll like it here?” the lead boy yelled up to Beth.

Beth had every intention of looking away until he spoke. Now she had a dilemma. Should she turn from him and risk appearing like she was ignoring him or continue her conversation as he nonchalantly undressed right before her eyes? By now she was familiar with the living conditions at the school and didn’t want the reputation for being a snob or, even worse, being labeled as ignorant. “Yes, very much! I’ve dreamed of getting accepted here almost all my life,” she answered.

The lead boy was now completely nude but still talking to her like nothing was unusual. Beth was embarrassed, not so much by his nudity but by her reaction to it. She admired his physique. He was fairly tall, very cut, and very handsome. He reminded her of a Greek statue standing there, with one big difference – he wasn’t made of stone. Her admiring eyes dropped to see what she considered to be a very large penis hanging limply between his legs, topped by a very dark and thick growth of body hair.

“Well, I’m glad you made it then. The school is very hard but most do make it through. Competition is so great only the best get in. I’m sure you’ll do fine. You’ve got a good partner too. I don’t know if he told you but his sister graduated from here two years ago. She set a couple of academic records and word is he’s more intelligent than she is,” the lead boy told Beth. As his last sentence finished, he stepped under a shower head and turned on the water, making any further conversation impossible.

Beth continued to look at him until she realized she was again staring at a nude boy. “Let’s go eat, Nick, I’m starved,” she blurted at she headed toward the door. Nick turned and, after saying his good byes, followed her out the door.

During their meal, Beth and Nick chatted about their classes. The vision of the lead boy kept popping into Beth’s head though. This time there had been no embarrassment for her to suffer through. She had remained completely covered while her Greek god had revealed his magnificent body to her. She had been uneasy standing there as he undressed but she would have gladly paid that price to see his body again.

As her mind wandered, the conversation faded. “Beth, are you OK?” Nick asked.

Beth suddenly realized she had no idea what Nick had said before that or even if he had said anything. “Yeah, I’m just tired. Sorry,” she excused herself.

“Let’s go back to the room,” he suggested.

The partners walked down the hall and into the room in silence. Nick walked over to the small TV and turned it on. There was a movie starting. “This OK?” he asked. Beth nodded. He turned and lay down on his bed as the movie began.

They hadn’t talked at all through the movie and a second one was now starting. “Nice! I’ve heard this is really good!” Nick blurted as the second started.

Beth tried to concentrate on the movie but couldn’t get the lead boy’s image out of her mind. That vision, combined with the fact she hadn’t masturbated in three days proved too much. She looked over at Nick. He seemed to be completely engrossed in the movie. “I think I’ll turn in early tonight,” she announced as she climbed off her bed. She expected a response from Nick but there was none. Glancing over at him she saw he was still watching the movie.

Walking to her drawer, she pulled a nightgown out. Even though he had already seen her, Beth was still nervous about changing in front of him. Last night hadn’t been too bad with Nick facing away from her. Although he had still been in the room, she knew there was no way he could have seen her. Beth knew she would have to change again and had hoped it would be a repeat of the previous night. Unfortunately Nick hadn’t cooperated.

With no other alternative, Beth slowly began to unbutton her top. She kept a close eye on Nick to see if he would sneak a peak at her but he remained concentrated on the TV. Beth slipped the top off her shoulders and hesitated to see if Nick would look. Seemingly satisfied, she let the top slide off her arms, gently put the top on her bed, and reached for her skirt clasp. Once she had her skirt unhooked, she again hesitated. Nick still hadn’t moved so she took the final step and her skirt hit the floor. Instinctively her hand covered her crotch. Her underwear was the next to come off.

Beth debated whether to remain facing Nick to make sure he wouldn’t look at her or not. She realized there was no way of stopping him and if she told him not to look he probably would look at her to answer. Her best option, she thought, was to just face away from him. As she reached for her bra clasps, she faced the wall. The bra slid down her arms and she let it fall to the floor. She hooked her thumbs into her panties knowing, if he was watching, he hadn’t really seen anything yet but he was about to.

Hoping the movie was occupying his and the darkness of the room sufficient cover, Beth pushed the panties down over her ass. In her attempt to retain as much modesty as she could, Beth had clamped her legs together as tightly as she could. It had seemed like a good idea but Beth soon discovered she couldn’t get the panties off without at least opening her legs a little. Trying to keep the spread at a minimum, Beth found herself struggling to get the panties off. It was bad enough just undressing with Nick there with her but now she felt foolish having such a hard time getting her clothes off.

Finally the panties fell to the floor. Beth was completely naked but at least her back was toward Nick. The “important stuff” was out of his view. Panic suddenly rushed through her. Her nightgown was on her bed - somewhere. She had reached behind her to retrieve it but it wasn’t where she thought it would be. Now she had a real problem. Knowing she couldn’t just stand there naked for the rest of the night, she turned to grab her nightgown. She blushed when she realized it had only been about an inch from where she had felt for it.

Beth looked up to see Nick now looking at her. A nervous smile came over her face. There was nothing to say though. She quickly picked up her nightgown and threw it over her head. She hadn’t even unfolded it. Unfortunately, instead of following down the way it should have, the nightgown knotted around her head. It felt like hours before she finally got it untangled and it gracefully fell, covering her. Once again Nick had gotten an eyeful of her. Quickly she gathered up her clothes and stuffed them into the chute.

“Well, good night,” Beth nervously chuckled as she climbed into her bed. She faced her wall as she just couldn’t face Nick after the “show” she had just put on for him. She felt completely humiliated.

It took a while but Beth finally settled. The TV was still on in the background. She wanted to go to sleep but it was keeping her awake, even though the sound was very soft. Where it was still rather early, she thought it would be unfair to ask him to turn it off. Lying in bed her mind began to wander again.

She replayed the scene of the lead boy getting undressed in her head again. The vision of his well formed, nude body was vivid; his perfect muscles, handsome face, and the wonderful parts between his legs.

The TV turning off erased the vision. She heard Nick’s clothes rustling and knew he was getting undressed. In her present state she wanted to roll over and watch him but knew such a move would be much too obvious. Instead she tried to imagine what he must look like. She envisioned him taking his shirt off and revealing his boyish, but still nice chest. His pants would be next, revealing the hard cock she had seen that morning straining against his underpants. Trying to move as little as possible, Beth tugged up her nightgown until she could get to her now wet pussy.

Her hand slid between her legs as, in her mind, Nick’s hands went to his briefs. She pictured him slowly pushing them down as his erection stretched up as if it was trying to reach the surface of the sea to get air. Her finger flicked her protruding clit as Nick’s underwear fell down his well formed legs in her mind. Her belly began to flutter as she imagined Nick standing straight up, his legs parted slightly instead of covering himself. She formed the vision of him standing proudly, like a ruler, completely naked, his cock at attention, as he looked and admired her body.

Beth’s release finally hit. Her finger jammed into her love channel. She had waited too long for this. Her body almost shook as the waves of pleasure overtook her. “Beth! Are you alright?” Nick gasped.

Beth snapped her hand from her spasming pussy and rolled over toward Nick. He was standing in the dim light of the room staring at her. Her mind had been quicker than he had been. He still had his underpants on. “Huh?” was all she could get out.

“You started groaning. Are you alright?” Nick questioned.

Beth’s face immediately turned red. She hadn’t realized it but she must have made noises when she climaxed. “Um… ah… yeah… I… um… had a cramp, that’s all,” she stammered. “I’m OK now. Thanks.”

Nick continued to watch her for a moment but didn’t say anything else. Beth wanted to face away from him so she didn’t have to remind herself he had just heard her masturbate but didn’t want to risk drawing any more attention to herself – she had enough for one night.

Nick’s attention finally left her. Beth’s eyes widened when, instead of facing away from her, Nick pushed his briefs down. Her eyes immediately went to his package. His cock wasn’t stiff this time. Instead it hung loosely in front of his ball sack. Beth smiled. Nick didn’t have the body the lead boy had, but for his age, he was quite nice.

Beth figured he must have thought she had fallen asleep. She had closed her eyes when she had been caught and hadn’t moved. Nick didn’t seem to be in any hurry to get into his pajamas. Beth kept her head still but followed him with her eyes as he picked up his clothes and walked naked to the chute. He then turned and walked to his drawer, giving her a view of his young but already muscular ass. He pulled out a pair of pajamas and slowly put them on. Now ready he climbed into his bed.
 