The Eager Little Sister
By Perry Jones (pounder801@gmail.com)


Note to reader: This is a continuing story.  Comments to the author are always welcomed and appreciated. PJ


	Chapter Three


	Barbra found the strength to move away, to walk on home. As she walked, she thought of what she had seen. The things she had heard. There was something very exciting about this, something that seemed to get inside her.

	Many people turned to look at the girl as she walked slowly, deep in thought.

	Barbra was a small girl, with an extremely beautiful face. Her face was almost painfully sweet, pure with innocence. It was the kind of face people wanted to reach out to, to cuddle and take care of. Everything she wore emphasized her beauty. That day she had worn a pleated skirt and white blouse. The white blouse was not tight, but her nipples could be seen. The pleated skirt bounced gaily as she walked, her little ass writhing in a natural manner of graceful, fluid motion.

	Barbra had coppery-red hair, a color that glowed and glistened in the light. Normally, a girl with that hair coloring would be fair of complexion, but Barbra was tanned lightly. There was not a blemish on her smooth flesh anywhere. Despite her small size, she was perfectly developed, flawlessly shaped.

	Her brother Rick, only a year older, towered a full head over Barbra. But she liked that.

	Barbra had large brown eyes, eyes that sparkled with youthful excitement, the sheer pleasure of living. She had a habit of glancing at people in such a way many considered seductive. But with her sweet face, it was not interpreted that way. Her nose was small and her mouth full and lips moist. They were soft lips, like velvet.

	Now, standing on the second-floor landing at school, looking out at the throng of students, she was once more remembering that day. She had felt herself jealous of Kelly, jealous that Rick had touched her between the thighs, jealous because the girl had jacked Rick off... and not her.

	Barbra didn't want any girl touching her brother, not that way. If Rick wanted that--needed it--she would be more than happy to help him. But she didn't know how to go about letting him know. She considered simply and boldly telling him what she had seen then bluntly saying she would let him touch her, that she would make his cock spurt. But she couldn't bring herself to do it.

	What Barbra didn't know was that as she stood on the landing above Rick and John, the two boys were looking up. They were discussing her as they looked up her dress. If she had been aware of this, Ouite possibly she would have run off blushing.

	What the boys were looking at was Barbra's sweet smooth thighs, the way her ass swelled out and the tight fit of her panties. Since she was standing with her feet slightly apart and one knee hooked between the railings of the banister, they could also see the crotch of her panties. She had worn a pair of white panties today and the material did not conceal the very small dark shadow of her scant cunt-hair. Also, her pussy made a tantalizing lump in the crotch of her panties.

	The boys were talking about wanting to look at and feel her, the way Rick had done with Kelly.

	As she stood there, unaware that they were talking about her, looking up under her dress, it suddenly came to Barbra who Kelly was.

	Kelly was John's sister! For the rest of the afternoon, Barbra was on pins and needles. Knowing that Kelly and John were brother and sister, -she felt she could now devise some method to let her own brother know she was available for lewd things. She felt a relief, a relief that had been hanging over her since that day, yet not Ouite enveloping her.

	After school she ran home, knowing her parents would not be there. Both of them had jobs and often they didn't come home until seven or eight at night. If they were going to be later, they always called.

	Now, she thought as she burst into the house, if only Rick will come home instead of hanging out at school the way he did much of the time.

	With anticipation bubbling hotly inside her exquisite body, Barbra ran a hot bath. She washed herself. After toweling dry, she placed perfume in strategic areas of her body. She had never used perfume before, but she wanted her brother to be attracted to her. Somehow, she managed to keep from overdoing it. She dressed in a becoming dress, discarding the idea of shorts. Instinctively, without any knowledge of how to be seductive, Barbra managed to convey her availability to Rick anyway.

	She heard him as he entered the house and her heart leaped inside her chest. With a lump in her throat, she went out to meet him.

	"Decided to come home for a change," she said, her voice odd and she had to struggle to keep a tremor out of it.

	John glanced at his sister. "Anything wrong with that?"

	Barbra glanced down at the floor, shy. She had not intended to sound bossy. That was the last thing she wanted to sound like at this moment. Rick saw her crestfallen expression.

	"Aw, don't get mad, Barbra." He said.

	"I'm not mad, Rick."

	"You look nice." He said.

	Barbra brightened, lifting her eyes. She clamped her hands behind her and swayed her hips childishly. "Do you really think so?"

	"Like the man said...good enough to eat."

	With a laugh, she skipped to him, stood on tiptoes and kissed his cheek. She had not kissed her brother in years and now she was glad she had done it.

	"What was that for?" he asked.

	"You're the best brother in the whole big world!" Barbra smiled at him. "I've got the best brother of all!

	For a moment Rick didn't say anything. He just looked at his sister. He was looking at her as if he had never seen her before. "You're different." He said.

	"How am I different?" She countered, looking down shyly.

	"Well   you smell good, for one thing." He said, peering at her. "You look different, too. I don't know how different, but different. Aw, you know what I mean, Barbra."

	"Do you like me?" she asked in a shy voice, looking at him from lowered lashes.

	"Sure, I like you. You're my sister, aren't you?"

	"I don't mean that way," she pouted. "Do you like me better than any other girl in the whole world?"

	"How am I supposed to like you?"

	"Well..." She shuffled one foot on the carpet. "I don't know. I just kinda thought...well, that you liked me better than other girls."

	"You're acting funny, Barbra." Rick said. "Is something wrong with you?"

       "No," she said then in a whisper, "Yes, there is something wrong with me." 
       
       "You better tell the folks," he said. "You might have to see a doctor."

	"I can't tell them what's wrong with me." She replied. "And I certainly don't need to see any damned old doctor."

	Rick's eyes widened. "Did I hear you say 'damned'?"

	Barbra placed her hands on her hips and stamped her small foot. "Yes, you did, Rick Stone! I said damn ... damn, damn! I'll say it again, too!"

	"What's wrong with you?" he asked again.

	"Why don't you open your damned old eyes and take a damned good look, damn you!" she shouted at him.

	"You're dinghy." Rick said. "I don't understand what you're talking about."

	"I'm talking about pussy...and fuck and ... cock ...and... " Her voice trailed off and she blushed a deep red. But her eyes continued to glare at her brother. Rick stood there, mystified and surprised to hear the words his sister was shouting at him.

	"Yes!" she said, her courage taking hold again. "I said cock and pussy and fuck and fuck you!"

	She whirled and fled from the room, going to her bedroom and flinging herself facedown onto the bed, tears in her eyes.

	Rick stood for a while in the living room. None of it made sense to him. He went to her bedroom door and knocked.

	"Barbra?" he called out.

	There was no reply.

	"Barbra? Let me talk to you." he said through the door.

	"Go away! she yelled. "Go away and and...fuck yourself!"

	He tried the doorknob, but it was locked. "Open up and let me in, Barbra. Let's talk about this."

	"Go play with Kelly."

	"Huh?"

	But Barbra did not reply. She had shouted that at him in anger. She had not intended to let him share in her secret, to let him know she had spied on him that day. She sat up, staring at the door. Finally, she went to it and unlocked it then flung herself face down on the bed again.

	Rick opened the door and entered.

	His sister's feet were toward him and when she had flung herself down, the skirt of her dress flew to the lovely cheeks of her ass. Her slender, shapely thighs were fully revealed, as well as the tight panties that covered the sweet swells of her ass cheeks. For a moment, Rick stood and gazed at the beautiful view then moved to the bed and sat down on the edge of it. He looked at his sister's lovely thighs and the tight way her panties fit. He could see the attractive crease of her ass cheeks where they met her thighs and felt a tingle in his balls.

	"What did you mean about Kelly?" he asked his voice low and slightly shaky.

	"You know," she sobbed, not looking at him.

	"No, I don't, Barbra."

	"I saw you!" she sobbed. "1 saw you at school."

	"What did you see?"

	"You and...and John," she said, her voice muffled by the pillow. "And Kelly is John's sis...sister!"

	For a moment Rick didn't say anything. Then, tentatively, he reached out and touched her lower leg.

	Kelly felt his hand on her calf and she began to tremble. She waited for him to say something, but he didn't.

	"You don't...you don't..." she began, stumbling over the words she wanted to say. "Oh, Rick! Why? Why did you do that to her?"

	"Well, gosh..." he said. "Barbra, you know how it is. I mean, a guy...a guy just has to... well, boys do that."

	"Sure they do," she agreed, "but girls? Do they do it, too? I mean, is Kelly the only one?"

	"She's the only one I've...you know."

	Barbra turned over swiftly, glaring up at her brother. "You don't need her!" she said, her words hissing. "You don't need to touch her that way.

	When Barbra turned over, her dress remained past her hips. Rick found himself looking at the tightness of his sister's panties. Again he saw the bulge of her tantalizing cunt, the dark shadow of her sparse hair. Barbra's legs were open slightly and he was sure he could see the slit of her pussy.

	"Why are you looking at me that way, Rick?" she asked, her voice suddenly thick. "Do I look any different than Kelly? Am I a freak or something?"

	"Gosh, Barbra," he grunted. "I don't know what to say. I never seen you like this before."

	"Then you better take a damn good look, Ricky," she snapped. "Because you'll never get another look at me this way if you touch Kelly again!"

	Rick looked at his sister. There was anger in her dark eyes, but something else, too. "What did you say?"

	"I said, I wouldn't let you look at me this way ever again if you touch Kelly." she said, her voice no longer hers.

	"I don't understand, Barbra."

	"Then let me explain." She said, placing her warm palm on his thigh. "Whatever Kelly can do, I can do."

	Excitement flared in his eyes. "You mean it, Barbra?"

	"Try it and see." She challenged.

	"I can. touch.. touch you? The way I touched Kelly?" He didn't believe it. "You'll let me touch you that way ...down there?"

	Barbra lifted herself up on her elbows, looking at him. "Yes," she said. "You can do everything with me that you do with Kelly. Oh, Rick! Don't you see I love you! I'd do anything for you!"

	"Gosh!"

	She waited, hardly breathing. She felt anticipation swelling in her chest and she choked back a sob when she realized Rick still didn't believe her.

	"Oh, goddamn it!" she snapped. She grabbed his arm and pulled it forward, placing his hand on her thigh a few inches from her cunt. "Touch me! Touch me like you touched Kelly!"

	"You're sure?"

	"Touch me!" She felt her brother's hand move up her thigh. She shivered, heat coming to the surface of her exquisite body. Still on her elbows, she watched his hand move toward her cunt. As his fingers moved to within half an inch of her twat, Barbra opened her thighs wider. Then Rick had his palm cupping his sister's pussy.

	"Ooooooo!" Barbra whimpered. "Oooohh, that feels . ohbhh, Rick! I like it!"

	She writhed her hips as his fingers caressed the tight band of her panties. She felt something like a searing heat scorch her pussy. Rick moved his fingertip up and down her bulging slit. He discovered that what he was seeing was indeed the outline of his sister's cunt.

	"That isn't the way you touched her," Barbra said in a low, throaty voice. "You put your finger inside her."

	"Well, Barbra ...are you sure?"

	"Yes!" she demanded.

	With a trembling hand, Rick pulled the crotch of his sister's panties to one side. He peered down at her puffy cunt. The hair, very little of it, was as dark or darker than the hair on her head. The pink 11ps were fully visible. Being very careful, almost afraid Barbra would change her mind. Rick began to press his middle finger between those succulent pussylips Barbra moaned softly as she watched his finger slip in deeper. There was fullness there, a feeling that both thrilled her and frightened her. For a brief moment she experienced a sharp pain then it was gone. She was amazed at the change, at the most delicious feeling she had ever felt in her young life.

	Rick's finger was inside her cunt now to his knuckles. Barbra stared between her thighs, surprised at how easily this had happened.

	"Ohh, Rick!" she whimpered. "Ohhh, it so good!"

	Rick was no longer hesitant with his sister. He had become even more excited than with Kelly.

	With her dark eyes glowing, holding herself up with her elbows, Barbra stared at her brother's finger so deeply embedded inside her bubbling, tight pussy. The sensation was so glorious her mind was reeling. She began to writhe her sweet little ass on the bed, finally arching her hips up.

	"Oooooo!" she cooed with pleasure. "Oooooo, Rick Oh, golly!" Her hips began to jerk up and down instinctively, the wet, tight lips of her cunt riding his finger. She continued to gurgle softly. "Ohhhh, yes, Rick! Golly! Ohhh, I like it!"

	Unexpectedly, with her eyes wide in surprise, Barbra suddenly shuddered. Her pussy convulsed strongly and she came almost violently.

	"Oooooo! Ahhhh! she wailed, her hips writhing crazily as she came. "Ohhhh, that's... that...ohhhhh, Ricky!"

	Barbra sprawled back, her small tits heaving up and down. Her expression was that of wonderment and delight. Rick slipped his finger from her clutching twat and gazed her. The crotch of her panties slipped almost back into place, with one cute pussylip still revealed. His cock strained inside his pants, throbbing harder than he ever remembered it.

	A few moments later, Barbra turned her face toward him. Her eyes fell upon the bulge in his pants and a smile spread over her sweet fact. "Look," she murmured. "That's the way you were with Kelly."

	Rick gave her a shy smile.

	Barbra was not hesitant as she reached out to run her fingertip along the swelling bulge. She felt his cock lurch against her fingers. "Take it out, Ricky," she asked in a soft, but excited; voice. "Take it out and let me see it."

	Rick pulled the zipper of his pants then drew his throbbing prick forth. Barbra gazed at it with huge eyes, the smile on her face growing.

	Sitting up she leaned close, peering at his prick. The head was very swollen, very smooth looking, with a hole in the end. There was a bead clinging to the hole. She saw a vein running along one side of his cock. With a low gurgle, Barbra grasped his prick in her hot little hand. She closed her fingers about it, sOueezing her brother's cock hard. The hotness of it, the hardness, the pulsations that came from it to her hand, thrilled Barbra. As she had seen Kelly do, Barbra started pumping on her brother's cock. She was licking at her lips, her eyes big and shining, as she stroked his cock.

	If Kelly could make Rick's cock spew then so could she. Barbra thought. She would make it happen even better for her brother. She would show him she was better than Kelly, show him he had no reason to play around with her. Barbra had told her brother she would do anything for him and she meant it.

	Her small, hot hand gripped his prick tightly, sliding up and down the way Kelly had done it. Rick grunted a few times and was beginning to arch his cock upwards against her jacking fist. It was fun. Barbra thought, holding his cock this way, but there was an idea forming in her mind. If this was a good feeling for her brother then she thought of another way he might like even better.

	"Ricky," she said softly, excitement in her voice. "Would you like to..."She lifted her eyes to his face "Would it feel better for you if you...if I let you...Ricky, touch it against mine!"

	Rick looked at his sister, his own eyes smoldering with excitement. "You mean...between your legs?"

	Barbra released his cock and sprawled back on the bed again. She spread her smooth thighs wide, clawing at the crotch of her panties. "Yes! Touch it there!"

	Once more Rick gazed at his sister's pussy. Then he moved between her thighs. Barbra held her panties to one side and he grasped the base of his prick. When the head of his cock touched the puffy lips of her twat, Barbra gave a small, loud yelp. "Ooooooo! Rub it there!" she urged. "Golly, Ricky that feels better than your finger! Rub me with it!"

	Rick rubbed the swollen, dripping head of his cock up and down the bubbling slit of her cunt. Barbra twisted her hips about in pleasure. She had her hands up past her head, watching his face with interest.

	Barbra could not remember when it happened, but somehow the head of his prick was suddenly between the lips of her twat. For a long moment she lay still, feeling the way her cunt was stretched. It was a sensation that was even better than his finger. Rick was moving up and down and the head of his prick was moving into her pussy very, very slowly, as if he were afraid. "I think...I think," Barbra whispered in awe. "Oh Ricky! I think we're...fucking!"

	Rick was far too busy to reply. He was holding himself up with his hands, watching his cock slowly slip into that wet heat of her cunt. He was as awed as his sister but the feeling was so good he wasn't about to stop now. He was losing control now and hardly realizing it, he gave a stab into her cunt.

	"Ohhhh!" Barbra grunted as a sharp pain cut through her. "Oh, Rick! I don't think. . I not sure about... And the pain was gone, gone as Quickly as it had evaporated wben he shoved his finger into her. And as before, Barbra felt wave after wave of ecstasy taking its place. "Oh, golly, golly!"

	Barbra felt a fullness in her cunt that was sending shivers up and down her partially naked body. It was a strange feeling, but a feeling that sent her mind reeling with almost overwhelming ecstasy.

	"Is it in me?" she asked in a hushed voice. "Ricky, did you stick it in me?"

	"I think so," he replied. "Yes, I did!"

	"Ooooooo!"

	They had been still, but now the sensations were so great they began to move their hips and Rick had his cock all the way inside his sister's gripping cunt. They writhed and twisted, plunged and bucked. Rick could no longer hold himself up and had fallen on top of his sister. Barbra wrapped her arms about him, spreading her legs as wide as she could in an effort to get more of his hard, throbbing cock into her burning pussy.

	Their breathing came in gasps of delighted surprise and ecstasy. Barbra held her brother tightly to her chest with her arms, her hips twisting and bouncing. She closed her smooth thighs against his hips and met his lunges with powerful upward thrusts of her own. There was a tingling deep inside her body that was unlike the one she felt with his finger. It seemed to Barbra that her cunt was forever stretched, forever penetrated farther than anything she could think of ...and she loved it!

	"It feels... I feel..." she whimpered. "Oh, Ricky!' You're doing it to me! Golly, you're fucking me! Ohhhh, we're fucking! Fucking! I think I...oh, yes! I love it, Ricky. We're fucking and I love it!"

	Ricky could not speak. He was plunging in and out of her wet, clasping cunt with short, hard strokes.

	"I'm gonna..." Barbra whimpered, hugging him tightly to her heaving tits. "Oh, golly, I'm gonna do it...again! Oh, yes! I'm gonna do it again!"

	Barbra's pussy went into spasms even more powerful than before. She came in a shuddering gasping way, her body jerking as the ecstasy shot through her. It seemed as if her whole body was coming, her mind coming. Yet, even as she came, her hips continued to jerk about uncontrollably, banging up and down fiercely as her brother kept up his stabbing motions.

	Suddenly Rick yanked his cock free of her tightly clutching pussy.

	"No!" Barbra wailed. "No, Ricky! Don't do that! Why did-you take it out of me?"

	She felt a warm wetness on her belly then another and another. She felt her brother rubbing his cock along her belly, felt it throbbing then she understood. "Ooooooh, you, too! You did it, too!" -

	Rick rolled from his sister, panting. Barbra lifted her head and looked down. Glistening jism spotted her panties and lower belly, lying there hotly. She gazed at his cum, thinking she had done something for her brother Kelly had not. She felt very pleased with herself. She lay back on the pillow, her skirt past her waist, the jism still glistening on her panties. Barbra felt very good and there was a delicious glow to her flesh.

	For a long time they lay there, talking about what they had just done. Both were pleased-to have accomplished this amazing thing.

	Rick admitted to his sister about things he and his friend John often did concerning girls. He told her how they would stand under the stairs at school and peek up their dresses. Barbra giggled naughtily about this and asked if he ever did this to her. When Rick told her he had, Barbra shivered in a delicious manner. It pleased her to know that he had been doing this.

	"You can look up my dress all the time now," she said to him. "Now that I know you're doing it I'll even make it easier for you.

	They giggled in a naughty delight. Then seeing it was almost time for their parents to come home Rick left his sister in her room.

	Barbra took a warm bath, her flesh still glowing. She was about as happy as any teenager could possibly be. She no longer felt jealousy of Kelly. Rick had put his cock into her pussy and that was something he had not done to Kelly. She felt Rick would not have to let the little girl jack him off ever again. He didn't need that --he could fuck Barbra when he wanted. Jacking off was child's play, she thought as she got into bed. Fucking was not.

	Barbra didn't feel like a little girl as she went to sleep. She wasn't a child any longer. She had been fucked! Barbra couldn't concentrate on her classes.

	Since she had gotten out of bed that morning, her mind had been on what she and Rick had done the night before with each other. She did not feel any guilt, any shame. Apparently her brother did not either, because he joked with her and teased her until their mother had to put a stop to it.

	Between her classes, Barbra looked for her brother. She stayed near the stairs just in case he should come by. She was prepared to let him peek under her dress. She was prepared to do anything that would give him pleasure. She was wearing her prettiest pair of panties, with attractive lace on them.

	So far she had not seen Rick among the chattering, laughing students. Usually she caught glances of him, but now that she was deliberately watching for him, she couldn't find him. She stood on the second-floor landing, looking out over the student center for him during lunch period. And still she didn't see him. However, she had caught one boy peering up at her and a blush crept over her face when she realized he was looking up her dress. Moving away from the railing, she went to her next class with a sad feeling.

	After fucking Rick the night before, she felt he was now ignoring her. He had told her he usually spent his lunch period in that one place, peeking up girl's dresses, but he wasn't around today.

	After school was out, she waited for him. When she didn't see him, she walked to where she had caught him and John with Kelly, but he wasn't there, either. Starting home, she remembered that he often stayed at the gym, shooting a few baskets. Turning around, she went back onto the school grounds and headed for the gym.


To Be Continued


