The Notebook—The Fearsome Foursome

A/N: Happy Easter if you celebrate it. Happy Spring break if you have one, and if neither apply then here's a new chappie for the hell of it! AND, before you read this, Katie was mean to Eiji, NOT SCARLET! (Scarlet: *points fingers and yells "She did it! She did it!"*)

Warnings: Citrus, T or D, Fuji, bad-kitty, Mpreg implications, fainting, kinkiness (OMG that's an actual word, I didn't know that!), fluff/WAFF, singing, bag o' "goodies", buchou torture , moresome, weirdness, and just plain CRACK

Tezuka raised an eyebrow. What could Fuji possible have to announce when they'd be stuck here for three days? "Kunimitsu and I are going to have a baby!"

The room was dead silent. Tezuka twitched.

"Um, Fujiko..." Eiji hurriedly pulled his best friend down off the stairs, "I don't know if YOU'VE noticed, but you're a guy..." He paused. "You ARE a guy... right?

"Oh of course I am!" He playfully slapped the red-head's shoulder. "That's why I'm commissioning Inui!"

"Oh, well, okay then!" Eiji smiled, accepting the response.

Meanwhile, Tezuka had gone into a twitching fit.

"Are you going to be okay, Tezuka?" Oishi asked, waving a hand in front of his captain's face. "Fuji, I think something's wrong with him!" he called to the tensai.

"Mitsu-chan," Fuji said, walking over, "it's nothing to be embarrassed about. They would have found out anyway!"

"Mitsu-nii?" Ryomoka tugged at the bespectacled brunette's shirt, making him look down blankly. "Mitsu-nii, how do you make babies?"

For the third time that day, a Regular fainted.

Fuji paid Tezuka no mind and kneeled in front of Ryomoka. "You see, Ryomoka-chan, when two people love each other very much, they-"

"Keep it clean, please, Fuji-sempai," Kaidoh said, looking nervously between the pair.

"Of course, Kaidoh," Fuji said sweetly, smiling up at his kohai. "When two people love each other a lot, they decide to have a baby. Then they-well, they do grown-up things, and the mommy carries the baby in her stomach for nine months."

"...But, Shuu-nii, Haru-nii and Kaoru-nii have done grown-up things, and so have Oishi-nii and Eiji-nii, and Ryoma-nii and Momo-nii. Are they trying to have babies too?"

Fuji patted her head. "Well, no. See, usually boys aren't able to have babies together, but since Haru-nii is a scientist, he's going to help Mitsu-nii and me have a baby."

"So why do they do grown-up things if they can't have babies?"

"Because... they're practicing."

"Oh. Is making a baby hard?"

"Well, not exactly. But it's... fun."

"If it's fun then why can't little kids do it?"

"It isn't fun for little kids. See, when you become a teenager, you start to get urges to do grown-up things that you don't get when you're younger. But even then it's just dangerous because lots of bad stuff can come from doing grown-up things."

Ryomoka gave Fuji a wide-eyed look. "If it's dangerous why do you do it, Shuu-nii? Can you get hurt doing grown-up things?"

Fuji wanted to bang his head against a wall. This little girl asked far too many questions. "If you don't do them with the right person, and if you're too young. You wouldn't want to have a baby with someone you didn't want to have one with, would you?"

"Uh-uh." Ryomoka shook her head furiously.

"Good girl," Fuji patted her head and began to stand up.

"But Shuu-nii, I don't want any of my nii-chan's to get hurt! I don't want them to do grown-up thing anymore!" Ryomoka hugged around his legs tightly. The pair fell over with a soft thud.

"Ryomoka! I won't get hurt, none of us will get hurt! We all love each other too much to let any of us get hurt," he whispered as he pulled her into his lap.

"Momo-sempai!" Ryoma moaned as the second year bit his nipple. He was pressed up against the bathroom wall, his upper body exposed and covered with a red flush.

"Hn?" Momo absently made a questioning sound. He was too busy discovering new ways to make his boyfriend moan to really pay much mind to anything.

"Er-I, uh-can we..." Ryoma habitually reached up to tug his cap over his eyes, only to discover that it had been knocked off when Momo had pulled his shirt off.

"Can we what, Echizen?" Momo asked, grinning as Ryoma's blush darkened.

"Can we... you know..."

"I don't know what you're asking me, Echizen, so you'll have to just come out and say it if-"

"Sex! I want to have sex. Are you happy now?"

"Very," Momo smirked.

"So if you do grown-up things with someone you love, you can't get hurt?"

"Well, I wouldn't say you can't..." Fuji frowned. He didn't want to lie to her, but he didn't want to make her think that sex was a bad thing either. "Like I said, if you're too young, you can have a baby before you're ready."

"Oh... okay... so then, you're ready to have a baby, Shuu-nii?"

"Well... not right now, but I will be by the time I have one."

"Oh." Ryomoka smiled up at him. "I bet you and Mitsu-nii would have really cute babies, Shuu-nii!"

"Thank you, Ryomoka." Fuji smiled at her and hugged her.

Ryoma blushed bright red in embarrassment and mild anger as his sempai kissed him. Momo knew what he wanted, he didn't have to make him say it! He bit Momo's tongue in reprisal.

"OW!" Momo yelped. He pulled Ryoma close against him and whispered, "Ya' know that should get some sort of punishment, I wonder what you would do if I turned you over my knee and spanked you, ne? Would that turn you on?"

"All my nii-chans would have cute babies! I think Shuu-nii and Mitsu-nii's would be fun! I think it would be really nice and like to play tricks on grown-ups just like Shuu-nii!"

"I don't think the world can handle more than one Fujiko, Ryo-chan!" Eiji laughed as he scooped up the little girl. Ryomoka kicked her feet in the air as she was spun around by her fun-loving nii-chan. Fuji got up off the floor and went to go check on Tezuka, who had been moved to the couch courtesy of Oishi and Taka-san.

"Kunimitsu?" Fuji said, brushing the hair out of Tezuka's eyes. "Are you okay?"

Tezuka opened his eyes slowly, his vision a little blurry. "Syusuke?"

"Hey, Sleeping Beauty."

The captain glared mildly at the tensai. "What happened?"

"You fainted. Ryomoka was asking you questions about the... baby-making process."

Tezuka sat up, feeling extremely embarrassed. He was Tezuka, the captain, he didn't faint for such stupid reasons... He felt the sudden urge to give laps, but thought better of it. It was raining still, after all... maybe he could think of a different punishment...

Ryoma stared at Momo for a few seconds. He blinked. "I dunno. You could try it."

"Try... try spanking you?"

"Yeah, why not?" Ryoma sat on Momo's lap, facing him. "Never know until you try."

Momo gaped at him. No way, no way, was Echizen Ryoma sitting on his lap asking him to spank him. "Are you... sure?"

"Just do it, Sempai."

"Um... okay..." Still totally bemused, Momo only managed a light smack. Ryoma jumped a bit, but frowned.

"That was really wimpy, Momo-sempai."

"Ne, Echizen... I don't think I can do this," Momo said as a small frown crossed his face, "I feel like a bad seme..." He pulled the freshman tightly against him in a hug instead. "Plus, you'll never hear the end of it from the sempais if you can't sit down..." He nipped the freshman's earlobe.

A while later, after Ryoma insulted Momo and they had gotten down to business, there was a rap on the door.

"Ochibi, Momo, Fujiko says to come down and play a game with us now that Ryomoka and Ryuzaki-sensei went to bed!" Kikumaru's voice came from the other side of the door.

"Give us a minute," Momo called. More quietly he said, "Ryoma, come on," and shook his shoulder. Ryoma swatted at his hand in a half conscious state, fully ready to go to sleep right there on the bathroom floor.

Momo shook his head and grabbed a washcloth to clean the smaller boy up before dressing him and carrying him downstairs, meeting Eiji outside the door.

"Momo-sempai, put me down!" Ryoma grumbled as he was carried bouncily down the smirked as he sat next to Fuji on the floor, his uke in his lap and struggling to get free. "Get off!"

"Let him go, Momoshiro," Tezuka said from the head of the circle. Momo pouted but let Ryoma crawl out of his lap.

"So we're playing a game?" Momo asked, sliding an arm around Ryoma despite the younger boy's protests.

Tezuka sighed irritably. "At Fuji's request."

"Kunimitsu, you agreed that it would be a good team bonding experience," Fuji said, nuzzling Tezuka's cheek. "That's what we're here for, isn't it?"

Tezuka just shot him a glare.

"What are we playing, Buchou?" Eiji asked excitedly. "Have you decided? How about a card game? There's poker or blackjack or Dai Hin Min... or is it just a regular party game? Like Spin the Bottle! That's always fun!"

"Eiji!" Oishi reprimanded, looking a little horrified. "We can't play that game, we're all dating someone, and Taka-san's straight..."

"That just makes it funner!"

Oishi sighed. He knew he shouldn't have let Eiji have that candy...

"I think Truth or Dare would be the best for bonding," Inui quipped, mentally adding the data. Ryoma and Kaidoh both immediately froze up, remembering the last time Truth or Dare had been played at one of the Regulars' get-togethers. It was, what Fuji and Kikumaru had dubbed, 'Operation Get Momo and Ochibi Together' and 'Operation Get Inui Laid.'

"Oh! I wanna go first! Pick me, Fujiko! Pick me!" Eiji shouted, waving his arm in the air wildly, as he asked the 'ringleader' for permission to take the first turn.

"Go ahead, Eiji," Fuji laughed at his best friend's antics.

"Buchou, truth or dare!" Eiji targeted the team's pillar of support.

"Dare."

Eiji got a very Fuji-like gleam in his eyes as he looked at the captain.

"Run twenty laps around the cabin naked!"

Tezuka blinked. "You're kidding."

"Nope!"

"Twenty? Eiji, don't you think that's a little much?" Oishi asked tentatively. "I mean, he could get hypothermia being outside so long not wearing anything..."

"Ten?"

Oishi shook his head slightly.

"I'm not going under five, Oishi, nya!"

"It's fine," Tezuka said shortly, standing up. He really hated things like this, and nearly every time they played he ended up naked somehow, but Tezuka never backed down from a dare. Sighing, he walked out onto the front porch, his teammates following. He could feel Fuji's appreciative stare as he stripped off all his clothing.

Luckily for the captain, he was fast. Unfortunately the rain was quite unforgiving and fell in torrents. When he finished Fuji was waiting for him with a blanket. This he was fine with, but when Fuji snatched his glasses from his face to wipe the rain droplets off them he gave the shorter boy a disapproving look. Tezuka Kunimitsu did not like being babied in from of his team.

Eventually they all made it back into the living room, but not without the comments. Calls of "No wonder Fuji always has a limp!" followed by a shout of "Tsubame Gaeshi!" and Momo yelping followed him into the bathroom where he dressed before returning to the circle. Momo had a large lump forming on his forehead.

"Mitsu, your turn," Fuji said, smiling.

"Echizen. Truth or dare?"

A pout crossed Ryoma's face before he said dare. He couldn't back down from a challenge, could he?

"Wear one of Fuji's outfits and sit in Momoshiro's lap for the rest of the game, unless dared otherwise." Everyone could hear the smirk in their captain's voice.

Ryoma sighed irritably as Fuji delightedly dragged him up the stairs and into his and Tezuka's room.

"Ryoma-kun, I have the perfect outfit for you!" The freshman watched in horror as his sempai opened his suitcase and started pulling out an assortment of costumes. The ones he'd seen Fuji-sempai wearing were pulled out first-the nurse outfit, the girl's tennis uniform, the leather dominatrix... ensemble. But Ryoma was horrified to see that there were many more-probably at least ten. How Fuji was able to fit all of that in one suitcase was a mystery-but he'd long suspected that Fuji practiced witchcraft.

The ones he'd seen already were fairly mild in comparison to the rest. And he'd thought the French maid had been bad. There was striped black and white mini-dress with handcuffs attached that Ryoma assumed was a jailbird costume of some sort, a thong bikini (he nearly died picturing Fuji-sempai in that), a cowgirl outfit, complete with lasso and whip, a playboy bunny costume... and the worst of the bunch, a lacy pink bra with matching pink underwear, pink boots in the shape of big fluffy kitty feet, a tail, and a headband with huge pink cat ears.

Was Buchou into bestiality or something?

Ryoma could hardly mask his abject horror as Fuji held up the cat costume. "What do you think, Ryoma-kun? Go put it on, I can't wait to see how you look!"

He almost considered refusing, but he stopped himself and quietly took the costume into the bathroom, for two reasons: one, Fuji would find a way to get him in it anyway, and two, he wasn't going to back down. Echizen Ryoma is a man, goddamn it!

However, when he came out of the bathroom, trying his very hardest to cover as much of himself as he could, he didn't feel very manly at all.

I am so getting Buchou back for this...

He placed the bra in Fuji's hands. "I'm not wearing that!" he said, making an attempt to put the authoritative tone Tezuka used into his voice. It was a sad attempt; one could just not be authoritative dressed up as a pink kitten.

"Hm, all right. I suppose it would look rather odd on you anyways, you're just not femme enough." Fuji shrugged and sauntered out the door cockily. Ryoma followed him back down to the circle, trying to stay perfectly in step behind Fuji so he could not be seen. When Fuji sat down Ryoma was left in the open, exposed-until the team's embodiment of a cat glomped him.

Eiji squealed as he latched onto the freshman. He was just too cute! He knew Oishi would be mad at him, but it was worth it-the freshman exuded adorable. "Ochibi!"

"Eiji!" Oishi stood up with a half scowl on his face.

"Oishi, isn't he just so cuddle-able? Nya~!" The red head rubbed his cheek against Ryoma's.

When the scowl on Oishi's face darkened, Eiji let the freshman go and sat back down, allowing Ryoma to see the shock written across Momo's face.

"Ryoma," Momo said, his eyes wide. "You look..."

"Ridiculous? I know."

"So... cute!"

The freshman turned scarlet. "Shut up! I don't!"

Momo pulled Ryoma into his lap. "I'm going to have so much fun with you after this game is over..."

"Momo-sempai!"

Eiji stifled a giggle, and Ryoma glared at him. "I hate you all."

"It's your turn, Echizen."

Ryoma looked thoughtfully at his teammates for a moment, wondering who he could torture. He wanted to get someone who really deserved it, for putting him in this horrible outfit. So, of course, there was Fuji-sempai, but he really didn't want to incur the tensai's wrath. Then there was Tezuka-buchou, who never did much more than give laps and glare a lot, and anyway Tezuka was a fair player. He probably wouldn't be punished. Then again, Momo-sempai was being overly-affectionate and creepy and just as bestiality-loving as Buchou, so Ryoma might get him eventually, but no... this one was really good, and he had to choose the right person.

His lips twitched into a smirk as gold eyes settled on his victim.

He let his eyes flick between each player in the group while calmly saying, "Kikumaru-sempai, sing BoA's 'Everyheart' a capella." He had heard his sempai singing drunkenly often enough to know he sucked and that everyone hated it when he sang, but none of them could say anything mean to Kikumaru Eiji, lest they get hit with the water works. They were all his victims.

"You got it, Ochibi!" Eiji stood up and hopped up on top of the coffee table he had deemed his stage.

"Ikutsu namida wo nagashitara," Eiji belted out, to the rest of the team's dismay. Everyone had firmly jammed their fingers in their ears (besides Oishi, who figured it would be impolite). After over four minutes of horribly off-key singing (Ryoma swore Eiji's voice was akin to that of a dying elephant seal or something), Eiji sat back down, flushed with exertion. "That was fun!" he said happily. "Why do you guys all look so queasy?"

"No reason, Eiji," Oishi said, wrapping an arm around his boyfriend's waist. "Good job."

"Thanks, Oishi, nya!" Eiji practically glowed as Oishi's lips pressed against his forehead.

Tezuka and Momo looked at their respective boyfriends, glad that they never had to fake it like Oishi. Ryoma and Fuji both had extremely good singing voices-almost professional level. Not that it was easy to get Ryoma to sing.

"Should Eiji-sempai be allowed to go again, Buchou?" Momo asked, casually drawing a struggling Ryoma into his lap again. "I'm not letting go, brat, so you can quit trying."

Ryoma huffed and jammed a foot somewhere in the region of Momo's crotch, making the power player yelp in pain. "Echizen!"

"Mada mada dane, Sempai."

"Yes, Kikumaru will be allowed to go again," Tezuka's voice cut into their fight.

"Hoi! Hoi!" Eiji pumped a fist into the air. "Hm...Mou...Inui!" He smiled cheerfully at his choice.

"Truth," came the unexpected reply.

"WAH!" Eiji's face scrunched up, but Oishi helpfully whispered a truth into the cat-boy's ear. "Who in this room have you fantasized about doing things with, other than Kaidoh?"

"No one, Kikumaru. Kaoru was the first person male or female to interest me in relationships, and has fulfilled each and every one of my 'fantasies,'" Inui wrapped an arm securely around the smaller boy, who currently resembled a tomato. "Oishi, truth or dare?"

"Truth," Oishi said confidently.

Inui smirked evilly. "What's your favorite toy to use with Kikumaru and why?"

"Well, tennis-"

"Sex toy."

Oishi flushed, then looked at Tezuka. "Do I really have to answer that?"

Tezuka nodded, giving Oishi a sympathetic look. "If not, you'll have to do a penalty dare."

There was a very long pause, during which Oishi considered taking the penalty dare. He looked at Eiji. "Eiji, do you mind...?"

"Hm? Nope! Inui knows practically everything about everyone's sex lives anyway, what's one more thing?"

Oishi was silent for a while. Finally he mumbled something unintelligible.

"What was that, Oishi?" Inui said, notebook and pen in hand. "I couldn't hear you. Speak up."

"Cock ring," he said, just loud enough for everyone to hear.

"Interesting. Why?"

"Because... sometimes... tennis isn't the only place... Eiji lacks stamina..."

There was a moment of silence before the laughter started. Eiji's face was as red as his hair.

"Eiji." Oishi put an arm around his boyfriend. "I'm really sorry."

"Nya, it's okay, Oishi..." Eiji said sadly, burying his face in Oishi's neck. "You had to tell the truth..."

Fuji was the first to smother his giggles and placed a comforting hand on his best friend's shoulder. "Oishi, it's your turn."

"Momo, truth or dare," Oishi asked with an arm still around Eiji.

"Dare!"

Oishi looked at Ryoma for a minute seeing as he hadn't really had a great dare lined up. The freshman looked like he was going to kill something if he had to stay in that spot any longer. "Remove Echizen from your lap."

Momo made a groan of disappointment before lifting the freshman up and out of his lap. "Buchou, could I do one involving two people?" He grinned wickedly.

"I don't see why not..."

"Fuji-sempai and Eiji-sempai, truth or dare?"

Two pairs of blue eyes connected. "Dare!"

"I dare Eiji-sempai to lick icing off of Fuji-sempai!"

Tezuka and Oishi both narrowed their eyes at the underclassman.

"Momo, that's completely inappropriate," Tezuka said, using his Buchou voice. "I rule that-"

"Kunimitsu, you let Inui ask Oishi about his and Eiji's sex life," Fuji gently reminded his boyfriend. "There's no reason to rule against this one. It's sort of cheating, don't you think?"

Tezuka glared at the tensai, who continued smiling. "Fine."

Fuji and Eiji grinned at each other. They didn't get to have this sort of fun often without getting in trouble. It was just so entertaining to watch Tezuka and Oishi get so angry and annoyed, especially when it was so rare for both of them.

"I'll get the icing," Fuji announced, hopping up and heading for the kitchen. He pulled a container from the fridge. "How lucky! It's strawberry flavored, Eiji's favorite."

Fuji and Eiji both grinned at the looks on their boyfriends' faces.

Five minutes later, Fuji was sprawled on the floor, shirtless, strawberry icing spread over his chest. Eiji winked at Tezuka and Oishi before leaning down and swiping Fuji's chest with his tongue.

"Yummy!" he said happily. "Fujiko tastes pretty good, nya."

"Eiji, that tickles!" Fuji giggled.

The captains gave the redhead a glare.

"Aa! Eiji!" Fuji moaned softly, purely to bother their beloved buchous.

The doubles player dipped his head down and suckled his best friend's nipple, taking extra care to remove all traces of the sweet substance.

Even though he did not like the idea of Kikumaru licking his boyfriend, Tezuka had to admit it was very arousing. Because, well, Fuji was Fuji, and he could make anything sexy in Tezuka's opinion, and he knew just how seductive Kikumaru could be. After all, Eiji had come on to him. He looked at Oishi and realized he was no better off; his second was blushing, whether from anger or embarrassment he didn't know. Inui was scribbling away in his notebooks, as expected. Their reactions were just too valuable to let go to waste. Fuji continued to moan and laugh as his best friend lapped at the sugary confection spread across his abdomen. After a few more minutes of the torture Fuji pushed himself off the floor and leaned in towards Eiji. The cat-like boy had some of the pink icing on his cheek. Fuji licked it off with a wolfish grin, Eiji making a purring sound in response.

"Are you sure you guys are just friends?" Momo quirked an eyebrow.

"Of course, Momo," Fuji said, licking icing off Eiji's chin and getting dangerously close to his mouth. "What would give you the idea Eiji and I are anything more than friends?"

Momo would've mentioned that Fuji was currently in Eiji's lap practically grinding him, or the fact that they flirted with each other constantly, or last minute's extremely sexy display, but he knew Fuji was just playing dumb blonde for his own amusement, so Momo didn't say anything.

The ukes took their spots next to their respective boyfriends. "Fuji," Tezuka said exasperatedly, "aren't you going to put your shirt back on?"

Fuji looked down at his bare chest in surprise, as if he'd couldn't believe he'd forgotten it. "Oh! Oh, I would, but... but it's all the way in the kitchen, it's just too far away to really be bothered..."

Tezuka's eye twitched. He found it was doing that quite frequently of late.

"Nya, does this mean Fujiko and me get to ask someone together?"

"Well, I suppose it's only fair," Oishi said. Fuji and Eiji shared a rather frightening, conspiratorial look.

"Kaidoh, truth or dare!" the Dream Pair said in unison.

Kaidoh's pupils narrowed, thinking of all the horrible things they could dare him to do. Then he remembered that Momoshiro had taken a dare. "Dare..." As soon as the word left his mouth he wanted to take it back.

"Go into the closet," Eiji started.

"And then we'll have three people of our choosing go in," Fuji continued.

"And then they have to kiss you!" Eiji smothered his giggles with his hands.

"You have to guess who the three people are." Fuji finished

Kaidoh barely had a moment to think how completely, scarily in sync the two were before the dread set in. Inui-sempai had been his first and only everything, and he'd planned to keep it that way. And now Fuji-sempai and Kikumaru-sempai were doing this to him? He didn't want to kiss anyone else, especially not any of his teammates!

His eyes widened. What if they made that idiot Momoshiro kiss him?

Grudgingly he stood and headed toward the closet, looking anywhere but at Inui's face. He didn't want to see how angry his boyfriend was-or worse, how annoyingly calm.

He sat down, forcing himself to stay away from the numerous mops, brooms, and other cleaning supplies that he wanted to hide amongst. Fuji came in and tugged his bandana down over his eyes, to make sure he didn't know who it was that entered the closet.

The door shut and then opened again as his first tormentor entered. When a gentle hand ran down the side of his face and gripped his chin, a slight shiver ran down his spine. Supple lips pressed to his before a cautious tongue accessed his mouth. A faint sugar taste entered his senses and then everything stopped and the door was quickly opened and shut again. Kaidoh's shoulders suddenly tensed as he realized how much he'd liked it, and it obviously wasn't his Inui-sempai! Inui-sempai's mouth would perpetually taste of Inui juice no matter how many times he brushed his teeth, and gargled with mouthwash.

He wasn't given any more time to think about it as the door opened again.

Kaidoh felt soft hair tickle his face as the person leaned down, something he hadn't felt the first time. He barely registered that thought as the person kissed him, putting his hands on either side of Kaidoh's crossed legs. Kaidoh sighed as a tongue entered his mouth once more, tasting vaguely of tea and honey. Kaidoh was slightly more coherent this time around and was able to take in more details about the way the person kissed-clean, subtle, but not sparse or unsatisfying at all.

Whoever it was ended the kiss by softly brushing his tongue over Kaidoh's lips, then stood to leave. The snakelike boy had a bit more time to consider the first two kisses he'd been given, and thought he'd come up with a reasonable guess for the second person when the closet door opened for the third time.

He hadn't even heard the footsteps come towards him as he was kissed lightly on the cheek.

"Kaoru-nii-chan, why are you in the closet?" Kaidoh pushed the headband off his eyes, bewildered. Ryomoka looked at him with her tired doe-eyes before seating herself in his lap and curling up.

"You can come out now Kaidoh," Fuji poked his head into the closet.

Kaidoh stood up carefully so he wouldn't jostle his small charge before returning to the circle or regulars. "Buchou, may I go put her in bed?"

"Yes." Tezuka didn't make eye contact with him.

Kaidoh walked slowly up the stairs and laid the little girl in his and Inui's bed.

"Kaoru-nii-chan!" Ryomoka said as he was about to leave the room.

Kaidoh looked at her curiously, "What?" He walked back over to her.

"I want a kiss goodnight!" She rubbed at her eyes tiredly.

Kaidoh relented and kissed her forehead, tucking her in before he went back down to his friends.

"Now Kaidoh, who kissed you?"

Kaidoh looked contemplative for a second. He still hadn't figured out who the first person was, though he was now certain in his assumption of the second. The first person had tasted of sugar, which made him think of Kikumaru-sempai, but he remembered how he'd felt the hair against his cheek with the second person and not the first, and Eiji's hair was fairly long. And then it hit him that the only other person who'd taste of sugar would be the only person who kissed Kikumaru on a regular basis-and he had short hair.

"Was the first... Oishi-sempai?" he asked, and Fuji smiled.

"Very good, Kaoru-kun. And the second?"

Kaidoh didn't hesitate this time. "Buchou," he said promptly, earning another pleased look from the tensai.

"Excellent, Kaoru," Inui said as Kaidoh sat next to him, blushing bright red. "I was confident you'd be able to guess them accurately. You'll get a prize later..."

Kaidoh barely kept himself from shuddering at the low tone of Inui's voice.

"Your turn, Kaidoh," Fuji said.

"Kawamura-sempai, truth or dare?" Kaidoh directed at the only person that hadn't been dared in the circle.

"DARE! GREAT-O!" Everyone looked over to see a smirking Echizen, clearly the one responsible for giving Taka-san a tennis racket.

"I dare you to slow dance with Fuji-sempai."

Taka-san froze up a bit. That would be awkward, and Tezuka-buchou wouldn't like it, and admittedly he did have the slightest crush on the tensai.

Fuji walked over to the stereo system and pulled a CD of classical music from the rack. He made sure not to pick a song that was too long, knowing Tezuka was going to throw a fit if any more dares involved him.

Fuji slid his arms around Taka's shoulders as the soft music started playing in the background. He knew Taka had always treated him a bit differently than the rest of the Regulars, and he'd long suspected that the power player had a bit of a crush on him. He always was very sure that Taka was completely straight, which was a bit insulting to his masculinity.

Taka had his arms around Fuji's waist, and they swayed slowly, extremely conscious of the other Regulars watching intently. For lack of anything better to do with it, Fuji rested his head on Taka's shoulder and closed his eyes. It was a nice song, and Taka was a surprisingly good dancer, so he figured he'd enjoy it while he could.

When he and Taka sat back down, Taka with a permanent flush to his cheeks, Eiji stupidly said, "Ne, Fuji, you and Taka-san make a pretty cute couple, nya!"

Tezuka glared at the redhead. "Kikumaru! Twenty laps around the cabin!"

"But we're in the middle of-"

"NOW!"

"And don't forget your forty laps from earlier, Kaidoh," Tezuka finished. He felt much better.

"Nya~!" Eiji whined. Kaidoh hissed and followed him out the door.

"Kunimitsu, that wasn't very nice..." Fuji knitted his eyebrows before slipping out the door as well.

"I guess the game's over then?" Oishi said to no one in particular.

Tezuka answered by getting up and walking up the stairs. Ryoma was quick to follow; he wanted out of the garment Fuji-sempai thought was underwear. Momo darted after him, wanting to catch the first year before he could remove the cat outfit.

Taka, Oishi, and Inui sat on the couch, waiting for the other three regulars to finish with their laps. Kaidoh was in first, only having forty laps. He and Inui were soon curled up in their bed with Ryomoka. Taka fell asleep on the couch, deeming it unsafe to venture into his room while Momo and Ryoma were possibly doing things.

Tezuka settled into the almost-scalding water of the hot tub, sighing contentedly as the heat immediately started working the tension out of his back. It had been a stressful day, and he just wanted to relax for once.

Staring up at the stars, he barely heard the front door close. He was snapped out of his reverie by small splashing noises as someone entered the large tub.

He looked up. "Oishi."

"You had the same idea, Tezuka? It's been a long day, hasn't it?"

"Aah," Tezuka answered.

Oishi sighed, "At least nothing's ever boring, though..." The vice captain sank further into the warm water.

"I suppose you are right, but sometimes I could do without the antics," Tezuka said, pinching the bridge of his nose.

"Mou, but our antics are fun!" Two oh-so-familiar voices chorused through the steam wafting about the hot tub.

Oishi's eyes locked with Tezuka's in a moment of panic as the sounds of two more bodies entering the water put them on alert.

"We think you've been far to controlling lately!" Fuji griped.

"We wanna have fun!" Eiji whined.

"And we intend to make you have fun too!" they said together.

It was honestly starting to creep Tezuka out, how they were talking in sync like that. It didn't seem like they'd planned it out beforehand.

"What... what kind of fun, exactly?" Oishi asked apprehensively.

Fuji seated himself in Oishi's lap, pressing a kiss to Oishi's jaw as his partner in crime did the same to Tezuka. "The kind the four of us can have together," he said earnestly.

Tezuka stared dumbfounded at the top of Eiji's head. It sounded an awful lot like what they were suggesting was a sort of orgy between the four of them, which was a rather disturbing thought. Honestly, if he wasn't so committed to his relationship with Fuji, he would have found all three of them to be worthy sexual partners, but individually, not all at once. Besides, he was committed to his relationship with Fuji, which would make the whole situation rather awkward. He assumed.

"Ne, Buchou," Eiji said seductively, and Tezuka hated how he shuddered at Eiji's tone when he used that title, "we're teenagers, right? Teenagers experiment." Eiji accentuated the last word with a nip at Tezuka's ear.

Fuji smirked, slightly jealous but overall pleased by the fact that Eiji was having an effect on Tezuka. Now he would just have to take care of Oishi.

While Oishi was not mad at the duo, he was not in the least hormonally affected by the idea either. In fact, he was rather upset. All this did was remind him of the earlier incident when Eiji ended up in a heated make-out session with Tezuka.

"Oishi, don't think about it," Fuji's voice cut into his thoughts. "Eiji loves you more than anything in the world. All this is to him is a learning experience where he can see what other people are like. He's only ever been with you, Oishi. You can't really expect to be his only everything, can you?"

Oishi thought about it for a second. What the tensai said was true-he couldn't be so selfish with his partner, could he? He had to stop thinking when Fuji started to kiss his neck. Damn the tensai for being so distracting!

"Oishi," Tezuka said, his voice a bit shaky and distracted as Eiji continued to nibble his ear (he suspected that the pair had told each other their respective boyfriends' weak spots beforehand), "Perhaps-"

"Hai," Oishi agreed. It wasn't hard to say yes when Fuji, who Oishi had to admit was extremely attractive, was kissing him everywhere he could reach.

Fuji and Eiji glanced at each other. "Eiji! They said yes!"

"Yay! We should celebrate, Fujiko!"

Now Tezuka knew they'd planned it out. That was horribly fake acting, but it was probably intended to be, and Tezuka completely lost his train of thought when the two ukes started kissing.

Both semes watched as the two began to really get into things.

Much to Tezuka's surprise, Kikumaru was the one to take the lead without so much as a noise of protest from Fuji. As he began to think about it, though, it wasn't so surprising. The redhead was rather protective and possessive of his best friend. A pleasured cry from his boyfriend pushed the thoughts from his mind and the red-head's fingers pushed into his boyfriend.

The brunette's legs were wrapped tightly around the taller boy's waist as he thrust sporadically against the acrobat's stomach. One of the red-head's arms wrapped around the smaller boy's back to support him and keep him from arching back into the water and drowning himself. It seemed he was also dead set on putting a hickey on the tensai's neck. His left hand wound down to prepare his friend-the only question was for whom?

Fuji moaned into Eiji's chest at the myriad of sensations he was experiencing. Eiji was excellent at multi-tasking, he vaguely thought, but next moment his mind was wiped blank as the finger inside him hit his prostate and pleasure washed over him.

"It's not much of a foursome if you two aren't participating," Eiji commented. "I might have to take care of Fujiko all by myself."

Fuji chuckled. "Not that you'd mind."

"Mm... I've always wondered what it'd be like to seme somebody." The redhead winked at Tezuka and Oishi. "So, no takers? He's a fine specimen, this one-"

Tezuka was torn. Fuji was his boyfriend, after all, and he wasn't fond of the idea of the tensai sleeping with someone else, but it wasn't technically like cheating, and he had no doubt that watching would be incredibly arousing.

Eiji removed his fingers and lifted the tensai, "Can I, Fujiko?" He felt the need to ask permission even though they had talked everything over beforehand.

"You'd better do something," Fuji growled into his best friend's neck.

Kikumaru nipped the shorter boy's ear and lowered him.

Oishi's head was spinning. It had never occurred to him that maybe Eiji wanted to try being seme, or that he'd want to do these sorts of things with Seigaku's tensai. And now that it was being played out in front of him he was just floored. He was no stranger to the flushed look of pleasure on Eiji's face, but the look of complete trust and vulnerability on the tensai's was certainly something he'd never been given the opportunity to see. Unconsciously he moved closer to the duo. He didn't even realize he had moved until his hand reached out to smooth Fuji's hair back.

Fuji looked up at Oishi, his face flushed with pleasure as Eiji slowly pushed inside him, and smiled. He reached a hand up to Oishi's cheek, coaxing him downward, and gave him a sweet, but not at all chaste, kiss. Briefly Oishi wondered if it was okay to like it so much, the feeling of someone else's lips against his own that weren't Eiji's, but he disregarded the thought. Eiji didn't seem to mind, and he and Fuji were currently doing a lot more than kissing.

"Tezuka," Eiji breathed, barely able to think coherently as he was hit by wave after wave of pleasure every time he thrust into the tensai. "Do something."

So far Tezuka hadn't done much more than watch, somewhere between horror and arousal-his whole body was a little numb, and he hadn't really tried moving. It was just that this was probably the oddest situation he'd ever been in, and he wasn't quite sure how to handle it.

Eiji grabbed Tezuka's hand and yanked him closer, to the buchou's chagrin. "You can touch me, you know," he whispered, bringing the hand he was holding to his chest.

Tezuka looked from Eiji, his hips thrusting forward into Fuji, to Oishi, Fuji's hand down his swim shorts and still kissing the tensai, and decided that it was high time he stopped being so stubborn.

Tezuka leaned down and gave the smaller boy a searing kiss. His hands drifted to the redhead's waist and settled there. If the devious duo wanted to play games, he would play too. He pressed his hips against the lithe boy's side.

Fuji was absolutely thrilled their plan had gone as well as it did. He had to admit Oishi was a fantastic kisser, if a bit nervous about it being someone other than Eiji. The problem was quickly rectified, though, when his hand found its way into the fukubuchou's swimming trunks. His current issue was that Eiji was a much better seme than he anticipated and the tensai was quickly coming to the edge.

Eiji's thrusting slowed a bit as Tezuka's kiss clouded his mind. Now he knew why Fujiko was such a great person to get lessons from. Eiji had gotten kissing lessons from his best friend back in their second year when he first admitted he was attracted to Oishi. Before their first date he had asked Fuji how to kiss, knowing he had been in such situations with a certain bespectacled brunette. He could see the similarities in their actions now that he was sober. Both of them were great partners, deft and satisfying, but while Tezuka was all clean lines and stable thoughts, Fuji was swirling unpredictability and addicting chaos.

Oishi had to use the wall of the hot tub to support himself, his knees having given out the second Fuji's hand gripped his member. He laid his head on Fuji's chest as the pleasure all but overwhelmed rubbed himself against Eiji, groaning lowly against the acrobat's lips. Eiji put his hand on the back of the captain's neck, deepening the kiss as he sped up his thrusts again.

"Ngh- Eiji... Stop for a minute?" Fuji asked with glazed eyes. He was in an extremely uncomfortable position at the moment. Eiji stopped at his friend's request, albeit reluctantly. Fuji turned to face away from the acrobat and braced himself against the wall of the hot tub, trapping Oishi between his arms. Eiji pushed back in fairly quickly and the pace resumed.

Oishi slipped a hand beneath Fuji to reciprocated the pleasure he was receiving when he heard Eiji cry out in climax. Fuji was soon to follow, the instinctive tightening of his hand setting off Oishi. Fuji collapsed onto Oishi's chest, his breathing coming in short gasps. Eiji pulled out of him and leaned against Tezuka, exhausted.

"Ne, Mitsu..." Fuji said breathily, "you didn't come..."

Tezuka shook his head slightly.

Fuji and Eiji glanced at each other, then smirked.

"Well, you know, Eiji and I put on quite a show for you two," Fuji said.

"It's only fair you return the favor, nya," Eiji added.

"What, you mean-" Oishi gestured to himself and then to Tezuka, and the two ukes nodded. He flushed. He hadn't minded so much with Fuji, but Tezuka?

In the back of his mind it bothered Tezuka a bit that Oishi was so apprehensive to the idea. Without another word he took his second's wrist and pulled him flush against his body, the rough material of his own swimming trunks brushing Oishi's hypersensitive groin.

Oishi shuddered and leaned his forehead against Tezuka's clavical. "T-Tezuka..." He could say no more as his mouth was plundered by the taller boy's.

"Mitsu, take your shorts off," Fuji quipped from the sidelines, his head rested peacefully against the junction of Kikumaru's neck and shoulder.

Tezuka quickly pulled the garment off and sat in the corner opposite the uke twosome, Oishi sitting in his lap nervously.

"Relax, Oishi," Eiji said. "Tezuka's not having any problems."

Oishi closed his eyes tightly as cool lips traveled down his neck and chest. It was odd to be doing this with Tezuka of all people-not that he found him unattractive, quite the opposite, but for one thing, he and Tezuka had been friends since their first year of junior high and had never done much more physically than give each other friendly pats on the shoulder. And for another, he was quite sure Tezuka had taken the dominant role, which had always been Oishi's job when he was with Eiji.

He really couldn't bring himself to complain about it, though. It was new and strange, yes, but it was also rather nice-having someone else take care of him for a change. Slowly he let himself relax under Tezuka's ministrations, thrusting his hips forward. Tezuka groaned as their erections rubbed against each other.

Tezuka was surprised he was enjoying the situation so much. He knew it would be different than with Fuji, who was a tease and had his own control over the situation at all times whether anyone believed that or not, or Eiji, who was rather inexperienced and curious. But Oishi had completely surrendered himself. He knew Oishi was a seme, that was quite obvious, and it just had never occurred to him that maybe the polite fukubuchou wouldn't mind being seme-d. Out of habit he began to release a string of husky German words. Oishi stopped and sat still, trying to decode the garbled speech coming from his captain.

"Tezuka?" He didn't pay mind. "Tezuka?"

"Kunimitsu!" With Fuji's voice the taller brunette snapped out of his reverie. "Mitsu, Shuu-chan

can't understand you..."

"Fuji, please refrain from calling me that," Oishi mumbled with a blush.

"Es tut mir leid." Tezuka waved a hand through the water before realizing he was still speaking German. "My apologies, Oishi."

Oishi brushed it off with a shake of his head and leaned in to capture Tezuka's lips again. They sat like that for a while, Tezuka's hands roaming Oishi's body, and the fukubuchou was completely content. That is, until he felt a finger push inside him.

Oishi squeaked indignantly. "What are you doing?"

"I'm sorry." Tezuka removed his hand at once. "I was presumptuous."

"No, it-" Oishi flushed. "It's fine. Sorry."

Fuji lifted his head from Eiji's shoulder and grinned at his friend. "I wasn't expecting this."

"Me neither, nya. It'll be fun to watch..."

"Are you sure?" Tezuka's eyes bored into Oishi's

"H-hai...?" It almost seemed as if he wasn't.

"If you don't want to, I won't, Oishi," Tezuka whispered into his ear.

Oishi shuddered. He really didn't think Tezuka had any idea of the effect he was having on him. Tezuka began to kiss him again but was more reassuring in his actions than anything else. Even if Oishi wouldn't directly say it, Tezuka knew he was on edge and nervous now, and he was doing all that he knew to do to settle the already jumpy fukubuchou down. He nipped along his second's upper chest and shoulders, eyes flicking up to lock with Fuji's for a spilt second.

The tensai raised a suggestive eyebrow and nodded encouragingly, and Tezuka himself was surprised at how angry it made him. Five minutes ago Fuji had been screwing Kikumaru, and now he was all for Tezuka having sex with someone else. Was nothing sacred? Didn't Fuji feel any jealousy at seeing his boyfriend in this situation?

Oishi gently prodded his shoulder, and Tezuka realized he had stopped. "Ah... sorry," he said, blinking. Suddenly, he wasn't so sure he wanted to do this anymore.

"Something wrong, Mitsu?" Fuji asked.

"I..."

"Nya, Buchou what's wrong?" Eiji moved Fuji out of his lap.

Tezuka sighed and shook his head a bit before leaning back and gazing momentarily at the rather awkward, Oishi slid off his friend's lap and stared at his knees, not really knowing what to do and thinking it was his fault. After all, why would Tezuka want to be with him if he could be with Fuji?

With a sigh Tezuka sat up straight and looked Fuji square in the eyes. "Why are you doing this?"

Fuji cocked his head to the side. "What do you mean?"

"This." He gestured vaguely at the hot tub. "This... foursome thing. Why?"

"It sounded fun." The tensai shrugged. "What's this all about, Mitsu?"

Tezuka ignored him. "It... it doesn't bother you at all. Seeing me with someone else."

"Kunimitsu," Fuji said exasperatedly, "I know you love me, and I know you won't ever feel that way about someone else. And you know I feel the same why about you. So it's not a big deal."

"No," Tezuka argued. "It is a big deal. This shouldn't be necessary. You shouldn't need someone else to... satisfy you."

"I don't. Mitsu, I didn't do this because you aren't enough for me, I just thought it might be fun to experiment a bit, get outside our comfort zone."

"But how could you possibly get the same pleasure out of it when it's not with the person you love?" Looking around, Tezuka realized that Oishi and Kikumaru had left, not wanting to be caught in the middle of their argument. He sighed. "Syusuke..."

Meanwhile Oishi and Kikumaru were snuggled together on a bench on the front porch watching the stars; both tennis players were very upset.

"Eiji, what's wrong with me?" Oishi muttered and leaned his head over to rest on his uke's shoulder.

"Nya, what do you mean, Oishi?"

"I mean what's wrong with me...Tezuka didn't mind being so...friendly with you, and he obviously likes being with Fuji...Am I not pretty enough?"

Eiji had to shove down a giggle at that. He knew he and Fuji were considered to be more feminine, but Oishi was definitely masculine. The thought of labeling him as pretty...well, it spoke for itself. "Oishi, nya, it's not you. Tezuka is just being unsure of himself right now..." Eiji tried to reason. A shudder ran through his doubles partner. "Oi, we should go inside before one of us gets sick." Eiji hopped up and led Oishi into the warm cabin.

"Kunimitsu, I don't get the same pleasure out of being with them that I do with you. It's different..." Fuji trailed off.

"Different in what way?" A demanding tone slipped its way into the captain's voice.

"With them it was just sexual pleasure," the tensai started. He stood and waded through the water so he could sit next to Tezuka. "Just pleasure you can get from anything. It goes so much deeper than that when I'm with you."

Tezuka frowned as a small hand was slipped into his own. "Then there was no point in it."

"Mitsu, can't you just let it be for once?"

"No."

"Come on, Echizen, don't you think you're being a bit ridiculous...?"

"No. Go away."

"It's not that big a deal, I just-"

"You just took pictures of me in this stupid hideous thing!" Ryoma yelled through the bathroom door, where he'd taken refuge after Momo had snuck up on him with that stupid camera. "Pictures that are on Fuji-sempai's camera, which means I can expect them to be on the internet in a matter of days. Go. Away."

"Come on, Echizen, I'm not asking you for sex or anything, I just want you to come out of-"

"I'm never having sex with you again!"

Momo winced, but he knew it was an empty threat. "We'll see about that..."

"Kunimitsu, you can't say you didn't like it," Fuji smirked to himself. Tezuka began to say something but realized the tensai had him. "Look, as Eiji said, we're teenage boys, and we experiment. It's perfectly normal. You can't say that you wouldn't mind doing all sorts of naughty things to the others on our team." Fuji giggled as a slight blush came across Tezuka's cheeks.

Eiji hugged Oishi protectively as they snuggled under their sheets. Oishi had said that because Ryomoka was asleep just a few feet away they couldn't do anything. Eiji made a face at doing anything in the same room as the team's honorary...Eiji couldn't think of the word, daughter or sister maybe? He shrugged it off and continued snuggling.

He heard the door open and poked his head over the covers, still wary of what that stupid little house-diary said about giggling boxes and forest people. When he didn't see anyone he ducked back under the blankets until a hand fell onto his shoulder. He yelped and a second hand found its place over his mouth. He opened his eyes to see the iridescent blue orbs belonging to his best friend.

"Come on." He was dragged out of the bed, wondering the whole time when Fujiko had gotten strong enough to drag him at all.

"But Oish-"

"Oishi's right here," Fuji smiled gently to his friend.

Eiji allowed himself to be pushed onto the bed. He noted absently that it was bigger then the one he and Oishi were sharing in the other room.

A gasp reached his ears and he looked over to see Tezuka had found his boyfriend's weak spot.

"Kaoru-nii-chan. Kaoru-nii-chan, wake up!"

Kaidoh opened one eye tiredly. "What is it, Ryomoka?"

"Is Shuu-nii okay?"

"What do you mean?" he asked, sitting up.

"He was making funny noises like he was hurt and it woke me up!" Ryomoka whispered frantically.

Kaidoh blinked in confusion. "Are you sure-" Kaidoh paused as he heard a faint groan through the wall and flushed. "Ah, Ryomoka, I don't think you have anything to worry about. It... sounds like Buchou is taking good care of him."

"But Eiji-nii and Oishi-nii are gone too! Maybe they're in trouble like Shuu-nii... is Mitsu-nii taking care of all three of them?"

"Er..." Kaidoh flushed at what that innocent statement implied. "Maybe."

"Okay... night, Kaoru-nii-chan!"

"Night, Ryomoka."

Kaidoh laid down again and was surprised to see Inui's eyes open. "I believe there is a seventy-three percent chance that Tezuka is, in fact, 'taking care of all three of them'," he said quietly so Ryomoka wouldn't hear.

"...No way. Buchou wouldn't..."

"Fuji can be quite persuasive. Trust me, Kaoru. Data doesn't lie."

Kaidoh's pupils pinpointed, and he rested his head back on Inui's shoulder, shutting his eyes tightly as if in pain. In all actuality he was trying to erase the image from his mind for all eternity.

A/N: Katie: I tried to stop it. Did you see me trying to stop it? But she wouldn't let it go. A foursome. A foursome! I hated it. I hated writing the whole scene. I took the first out I could, but she ruined it. And Fuji's arguments are ridiculous, but that's Scarlet for you, she has the logic of a retarded monkey on crack, I swear, and when she's writing she can make Tezuka agree with him if she wants… *grumbles*

Scarlet: You and your monogamy! u.u Of course I couldn't let it go after what YOU did to poor Eiji, you bitch…(I don't really mean that! I love you~!) That was why I started the whole thing ya'know? PAYBACK *cackles Hiruma-style* And I am not a retarded monkey or crack! I am a retarded kitty who was trapped in a bag or catnip for half her life .….

Katie: HOW DID YOU MISS THE HONEYSYN REFERENCE. WHAT THE EFF. HOW CAN I EVEN CONSIDER YOU THE CHARLES TO MY METIS ANYMORE. GOD, SCARLET.