Miniskirt Presentation
by Danielshaw

Marissa gets away with her decency this time but only just...

Marissa's silent battle with her professor continues...

*****

The professor's mind had been in a state of unrest, just waiting for the perfect moment all week, the day that Marissa would have to lead her first group presentation in his lecture.

The students had been split into groups and assigned a topic on the current pandemic, sitting through these presentations annoyed him to no end, but he had to stick through them. Thankfully for him, it was the last one and they would move on to something else. Something that didn't make his ears bleed every time he heard it. The only thing that he was excited for, however, was Marissa's own presentation. He was so entranced, that just for her, he would sit through the entire thing and give it all of his attention.

The class was a regular four-walled auditorium that had a projector screen set up at the front of it. Since the whiteboard was used to teach as well, the protector was the kind that had to be pulled down from the top so that it would cover the whiteboard for the duration that it was being used. Standing right in front of it was a long table that students were supposed to keep their presentation materials on. But to the professor, it was a nice little place for Marissa to sit down and face the class in her denim miniskirt.

His eyes met Marissa's at the back of the class and a small smile threatened to break through his lips. The class was rowdy with the murmurs of the students, he didn't bother to reprimand them, instead he kept his eyes on the side of Melissa's face, watching as her perfectly glossed lips moved rapidly in the conversation that she was having with her friend. He lowered his gaze, hoping that he could catch some part of her that she wasn't willing to show, but to no avail. The more he attempted to be a giraffe, the more suspicion it would bring up. He didn't need that, as being discreet was the most exciting part of the game. Instead, he pushed out a small breath from his nose and called on her group for their presentation.

Her head snapped up to face him, nervousness flashing in her innocent blue eyes for a quick second before she got up from her seat. She tugged at the hem of f her skirt as she walked down the step, her book bag slung over her shoulder in a manner that shielded her butt. It was almost as if she knew his intentions, the way she walked as if she attempted to hide her backside from him. He wiped a hand over his face to hide his smile.

Marissa turned to face him and sent her own nervous smile, before putting down her book bag and getting out the necessary things that she needed for her presentation.

He couldn't hide the smile that stretched the sides of his mouth as he watched Marissa slowly reach up to pull down the projector screen. She was stretched pretty high up on the tip of her toes as one of her hands tried to pull down on the projector screen. It proved to be a difficult task for the small tube top that covered her already stretched-out torso from being in a position as vulnerable as the one she was in. Little grunts left her mouth as she struggled to pull the screen down, doing very little hops on her feet so that she could reach. From his vantage point, he could observe the right side of her breast bounce with every slight movement she made. Her cleavage was exposed and her breasts nearly at risk of completely pouring out of her top.

The professor's eyes burned into the small bits of the exposed flesh that had already started to brim over the edge of her small tube top. With his eyes trained on her, he could spot even the slightest movement, which enabled him to catch what he thought was a snippet of her areola. Marissa was faster, however, her hand moved to tug on her tube top, returning it to a less compromising position.

Before he had the chance to count his loss, one of Marissa's group members turned off the lights, starting up the projector so that it came to life. Marissa shifted out of the way until she was at the side of the table to avoid being in the shot. While her team members set up, she looked back at the class nervously with a smile on her face. Her long legs were uncovered, but they were tightly shut as she stood there in her denim miniskirt, its short length only inching down the middle of her thighs. She was very mindful, only allowing herself to open her legs when she needed to stretch over and pick up her papers from where they sat in the middle of the table, immediately closing them tightly when she went back to her original standing position.

Having settled himself down on one of the seats in the front row, the professor had more of a chance to ogle at Marissa. In the darkened room, he had his phone on, pretending to be using it under the pretext of really just gluing his eyes to the girl's body. The tops of her breasts were still covered from the last time she had tugged up the tube top, but it had begun to slip down just a bit to expose the soft flesh again. Between the top and her skirt, sat the flesh of her stomach, and Marissa had started to pull the top down because of how embarrassed she felt, standing before the entire class in her barely-there tube top, but soon realized how terrible of an idea that it proved to be. Pulling it lower meant that her cleavage would be exposed as well.

Marissa stood at a place for the initial duration of the presentation, but her hands moved rather frequently as she pulled tenaciously at her clothes. It was like they played a game with the professor's eyes on how long he could stare at a body part before she got self conscious enough to cover it up with her hands.

The mind numbingly long presentation dragged on, and thirty minutes into it, Marissa turned her neck slightly to the side so that she could spare a glance over at some of her group members. They were all comfortably settled on the long table as they played their own part of the presentation, provoking a small pang of jealously in her chest. Being the only one on her feet made Marissa feel left out. She wanted to sit down too, as her knees had begun aching from standing for thirty long minutes. In the back of her mind she knew her thighs were bare and her skirt was too short to risk it. As the thought crossed her mind, her hand instinctively reached down to pull on the small garment.

After a bit of pondering, Marissa decided that she had an alternative solution to sitting. She leaned back on the table, placing only half of her butt on it in a faux sitting position. She attempted to indiscriminately place her hand over the front of her skirt, attempting to defend it while not wanting to bring too much attention to her steadily rising hemline.

No amount of Marissa's attempt at being discreet could steer the professor off, unfortunately. He followed her every move, noticing almost immediately her change in position as she tried to cover up and nodding his head. He thought it was rather brave, her commitment to keeping her panties out of sight in that impossibly short skirt. The struggle was just starting for her, but he was glad that she was already taking some action.

A few more minutes passed and Marissa decided that her legs were hurting too much. The little stand-sit situation that she had put herself in, only did more harm than good, pressing against her butt in painful ways that she would not wish on anyone. After struggling to find a comfortable position but to no avail, she decided that she would just find a way to sit down. Standing up for as long as she did only proved to do more harm to her legs and sore behind.

Deciding that the dim lighting of the room would work well for her next mission, Marissa assumed that it would be somewhat safe for her to hoist herself onto the table without showing everything underneath her skirt to the entire class. Most of them were either paying attention to the presentation, using their phones or fast asleep. If she was fast, they would hardly notice anything even happened.

Just by studying her demeanor, the professor noticed the little conflict that Marissa had started to have with herself. It wasn't supposed to be an issue. You either decided that you wanted to sit, or you didn't. With Marissa, that wasn't the case and the professor knew this. It was one of the reasons that he was so excited.

Riddled with her indecision, Marissa stared at the table, trying to riddle her brain with ways to get around it. The table was adjusted in a way that it stood just a bit above her waist, making it harder for her to climb up onto it without her legs parting. She simmered with annoyance, no doubt in her mind that the professor planned it all out.

Knowing that she would regret her decision, Marissa raised one side of her butt onto the table, effectively opening her legs by just a slither. She attempted to push her fingers down on her hemline, blocking the professor's view up her skirt as she hoisted herself onto the table. She sat still, both her legs pressed together and making sure that her hand was still pressed firmly on her skirt to form a U-Shape, preventing her panty triangle from showing, despite all the movement that she had been making.

Marissa's crotch was now almost the focal point of the professor's gaze, his eyes lining up with the little near-gap in her skirt. If there was so much as an opening as small as a crack between her legs, everything that she worked so hard to hide, would end up being revealed. By the wide eyed look on his face, it was obvious that it was all that he was waiting for; the forbidden leg-cross that she had been dreading the entire time.

She hated the situation that she had placed herself in, and she threw her free hand down to smooth her hand over her skirt, putting faith in herself that both of her hands would be more than enough to cover up any openings that she had left open as she swung her legs over each other to cross them. Even though she was adamant with the sheer amount of force that she was putting over her skirt, the professor's eyes widened just a bit when he caught sight of a sliver of space between her thighs, the second that she crossed her legs shut.

Thankfully, all that he could see from where he sat were dark shadows that covered everything, due to there being hardly any presence of light in the room. The professor cursed the projector in his head. Looking away, the feelings of anger and disappointment bubbled in his chest. He had been on the watch, looking for every opportunity to get to see past the girl's thighs. Nearing the point of no return and then starting all over again, was not very fun. Especially seeing as he had set up all of these hurdles for her and she crossed over them, no matter how difficult they seemingly were.

Noting the frustration on his face didn't stop Marissa from protecting her dignity with both of her hands cupped and safely resting over her lap, even long after she had found a comfortable position to keep her legs crossed in...

A half hour had passed and she felt the leg at the bottom start to get tired, so she swiftly regarded her audience. The professor still had his eyes away from her as he lamented his defeat, so she hurriedly changed her position. Out of the corner of his eye, he caught the movement, but Marissa had already gotten away with it. Looking straight ahead, Marissa smiled just slightly, knowing that her actions irked the professor, and enjoying his misery.

The presentation began to reach its end as each group member took turns to summarize their parts. The professor got up from where he was seated and walked around, encouraging the class to ask questions to the presenters. As they did, he reached over to the projector and switched it off, a sinister smirk on his face. He was a man with a plan, and the second that one of her group members wandered to where the light switches were and turned them on. Just as he had anticipated that they would.

A worried frown swept across Marissa's face as the lights brought attention to every little cranny of her bare thighs, pushing past her legs that she were successfully pressed together in an attempt to hide from the professor.

A bead of sweat rolled down her neck, and she really began worrying for the safety of her panties. Maybe her leg cross was not as effective as she thought it would be. As if things were just waiting to fall apart for her, Marissa started to feel her top sliding down her chest with every deep breath that she took. She sighed painfully and pulled her hands away from her lap so that she could tug at her top. What she didn't realize was that she had inadvertently allowed the perverted professor a small peek into the gap between her thighs. It didn't take her long to realize how much of a mistake that was. Her eyes widened in shame, desperate hands rushing back to press on her skirt again, protecting the small shreds of dignity that she had managed to hold on to.

The professor could tell that Marissa was tired of the back and forth as she held on so desperately to every last inch of what was left of her decency. Unfortunately for her, the small dot of her white panties that resided inside the gap didn't go unnoticed by the professor. He enjoyed how the lights had affected Marissa, destroying all traces of her hard work.

While her peers asked questions to the class and received both questions and answers back. Marissa writhed in her seat with her legs still tightly crossed with sweat dripping down her neck as she still struggled to keep both her hands over her lap.

"I have to admit, I'm quite impressed with your slides. Most of your information is up-to-date. Not to mention, the data you had from Israel and Oxford on our current vaccine efficacies? Just brilliant." He grinned.

"May if I ask which one of you put this together?" The professor asked, turning to face the students before him.

All of the members of the group directed their gazes Marissa's way, encouraging her to answer the question. Gulping thickly, she put up her hand from her lap to acknowledge the professor, while her other hand reflexively replaced the first one, doing all the work to make sure that the space between her thighs would remain closed off.

The professor delayed his acknowledgment of Marissa's hand up, deciding instead to focus on the fact that her tube top had started to slip down again from leaving it unattended for so barely a few seconds. He ogled, not long enough to garner attention from everyone else, but just long enough to let Marissa know that he had seen her top slip down. There was no nipple however, but instead of feeling defeated, he just grinned, nodding his head.

"That was such a good job. Well done." He nodded towards her, informing the group to begin to wrap things up.

The entire presentation was finally over, and the rest of the group had begun packing up their things and leaving the table one after the other. Marissa knew that she had to get down from the table as soon as possible. Or at least, before all of her peers left her behind. Her bottom lip was stuck between her teeth as she pondered over ways to get down that would not subject her to being the second part of the day's presentation.

The professor could already tell that she had started to regret her choice of outfit for the second time today. The fact that she had to defend her modesty by protecting the contents of her skirt, not only against the perverted professor, but also from the rest of the class, was a burden on its own. While she worried about how she would evade the obvious trap, the professor was more than eager to see how all of it would play out. Some would even say that he was elated.

Just like some had expected, Marissa pressed a fist down into her skirt as she uncrossed her legs to get off the table, making sure to be as careful as she could possibly manage. When her legs parted just slightly, the gap between her thighs got visibly bigger, fighting her dire efforts to keep the opening shut.

It had the full attention of her professor immediately, his eyes obviously rooting against her, but somehow, her contrasting panties that she wore were just barely kept out of his sight. He could not be stopped however, shifting his body and tilting his head to better his viewing angle at her barely open thighs that her attempt to get down from the table had afforded him. Despite the professor's best attempts, it all proved futile as he still could not peek past her tightly shut thighs and her hand that he was becoming a quick enemy of. In what seemed like the blink of an eye, Marissa found an opportunity, and she pushed down the fabric of her skirt further between her thighs, forming her famous u-shape yet again. Strategically, she proceeded to slip off the table, one of her hands holding onto the side of her skirt to prevent it from riding higher up her thighs.

Sweet relief flooded Marissa as her feet touched the ground, and she gave her tube top a quick yank, tugging on her little skirt a few times afterwards, before packing up her things and walking back to her seat with the rest of the members of her group. Her legs returned to their original crossed position almost immediately when she settled into her seat, giving her a head start to get settled in before the professor had the chance to be in front of the class again.

Her classmates started to clap their hands in unison, applauding the excellent job that they had done. She forced a smile to her lips, some part of her paranoia telling her that it could be possible that her classmates were just clasping because they enjoyed her little show of contrasting white panties. She shook her head to remove the thoughts and adjusted her smile, soft thank you's leaving her lips.

The professor applauded too, but his hands were praising Marissa for her brave effort that she had put up, fighting tooth and nail to keep her panties hidden from him, for the most part at least. She did a pretty decent job, and he shot her a knowing smile. He neither hated the player, nor the game, and he could admit it when someone bested him. Despite it all, he was hopeful. Sure, she had conquered him in that battle round, but the war was far from over. His eyes flickered down to the creamy smooth legs, knowing that no matter how tightly crossed she kept them, he would pry them open and would be able to see far beyond what was behind that pesky leg cross.

"You win some, you lose some," he whispered to himself as he put up his own lecture slides while consoling himself with the thought that Marissa was in constant state of fear and concern for her panties.

The rest of the lecture went on, and although he had no intention to look up her skirt anymore, he still liked the thought of her having to keep her legs tightly shut, scared for his prying eyes to have so much as a chance to peek up her skirt continues...

