
Hi, thanks for your good response. I not expected so much. Thanks a lot. 
I told you about my first sex experience with my friend Sumi. Now I'll tell you about my first exp. with a boy. It was when I'm 21 years old. It was with a boy of age 19 years.  Now I know that it is not a good sex. But at that time what a great feeling I had. I can't explain as it is my first exp. with a boy. It was greater than all other sex experiences with my girl friends. The first knowledge of hardness and heat of a cock inside my pussy. I know now that actually his cock was small one, As he had never had sex with anyone before, it was his first exp. also. He is Shameer. He is my mama's son (uncle's son). He calls me Thatha. He spent many days in our house on his vacation. On such a vacation, he came to our home after his exams, in the Degree. There are many children in the neighbor and all the day he plays with them. In the age of 19 also he always behaves like a child. In the night he sleeps in my room. My room is in the upstairs Mostly I go bed very late after studying. When Shameer is with me he will told me to lay with him till he sleep. I also accept his request. This time also he requests me to lay with him and I do it. As the whole days play with other children he quickly goes on sound sleep. Then I get up and continue my study. 
One week went like this. One day when I was studying I had an arouse in my nipples. I caressed my boobs for some minutes above my maxi. I feel very good. I more pressed my boobs inserting my right hand inside the maxi opening the sib I pressed hard and squeezed my boobs. I feel my body have good feeling. My panty gets wet. My hand goes down to my maxi and lifts it upon my leg to top, up to my thighs. Now my maxi is upon my waist. I massaged my both thighs. My right arm was upon my panties. My arm feels the wetness, as my pussy is leaking. . I caught the elastic of the panty and inserted my fingers on my pubic hair, that is not so much, somewhat brown in color. When I touched there my pussy trembled. I dragged the panty downwards up to the knees. Juice is oozing out from my pussy. I inserted my middle finger in to my juicy pussy. HHHOOO... really very good feeling. Suddenly I heard the sound of the bed. I afraid. Oh, I forget that Shameer was there in my bed. I quickly put my maxi down and turned my face towards the bed, Ho, no, he not awaken. He just changed his side in the bed. I so much feared. I looked on him a while. He was in deep sleep. 
Now I noticed him. He is wearing only a lungi which not covered his legs properly. The other parts of his body is naked. . His body is more muscular than other boys. I'm so much aroused that I began to think about his body. I noticed that his legs are parted and one knees is upward. The lungi skipped to side and his thighs and trousers are seeing. I can see his healthy smooth brownish thighs. I excited seeing this. My mind is getting eager to see inside the trousers and see his smooth thighs. Now I began to think about his cock. How it may be. How a boys cock look like? I only see the cock of small children. I had never seen the cock of an aged boy or a man. I began to imagine its size and shape. But I can't. How can I imagine about a thing that I had never seen? I'm eager to see it. But I'm afraid that if Shameer awakes what will happen. A struggle starts in my mind. At last I got bold. I got up from the chair, switched off the light and switched on the bed lamp. 
I removed my bra and panties before going to bed. I lay near to Shameer I checked that is he in sound sleeping? Yes, he may see some dream. I put my right hand on his chest. No response. Actually he is sleeping well as sleeping every day. But my evil mind is scaring me. Then I put my hand on his belly. Then my hand slowly goes down. My hand and body is slightly shivering. Not of fear, but by excitement. I looked upon his face. He is unaware of my presence. My heart is beating hard. Now my hand is upon his trousers. Hand moved to his cock. But I feel only his rough cloth. I thought, may his cock is not there. My hand goes down. But it is sliding between his thighs. Then where is the cock? Is it so small? I ran my hand on his right thigh. Hey! There is a bulging between his thighs and trousers. I shivered when touching on it. Is it his cock? I checked on his left thigh, on the same place. No, there is no bulging. Again I put my hand on the bulge . My heart beat fast. His right leg rest on his feet His right knee is on upwards. I slowly and carefully inserted my hand into his right trouser; it came up to the thigh. I afraid that he will awake. My hand reached inside and touched the flesh. My hand is shivering. I slowly touched its tip. Ho very soft. I pressed it gently. It is not stiff. I moved my hand on it. Suddenly he put his knee straight. I'm quickly taken my hand back. I afraid that he knows what was going and he will open his eyes. No, he was in deep sleep. Then I switched off the bed lamp. I'm so hot and my pussy is so wet and leaking. My both thighs are filled with my pussy juice. I can't stand any more. I lifted my maxi up to my belly. My left hand is on my boobs and right hand on the pussy. I massaged and squeezed my boobs and inserted two fingers in the pussy. I crushed my cunt. I masturbated so hardly that many orgasms take place and at last I cumed. OHHHH.... . AAHH...HHHAAA......I fell asleep in great pleasure. 
In the morning when I awake, Shameer is still sleeping. I looked at his face. He is sleeping with innocent face. My eyes gone to his lungi. I noticed that his bulging on the lungi is more than yesterday. May his cock erected. I'm eager to know. But not dare to put my hand inside. I put my hand upon his bulging as if in sleep. Oh, ya, it is erected. I excited. I get up and go to bath room. 
For the next few days I can't concentrate in my study. At night I continued the process of touching his cock through his trouser leg. One Sunday , accidentally, I came to see his bath. When I passing nearby the bath room I heard the sound of shower. I know that Shameer is taking bath. As none was there, my mind began to give attention to there. I want to see his nude. But how? I looked around. None was there. Suddenly I noticed that the bath room door is not closed properly. I peeped through the gap of the doors. Hai, he is full naked and his body filled with soap bubbles. Now his back is towards the door. He has good hips. He opened the shower and stand under it. He turned. Water is flowing down with soap. Ho there is his cock. It is not so small. Brownish, may 4 inches. He then turned and began to pour water on the head. I went from there. I'm so much hot then. I'm seeing first time such a big cock. 
At that night I had a great exp. . I touched his cock under the trousers as done in the last days. Now I'm some more adventurous. I'm so hot and eager to see his cock that seen in the bath room. I managed to open lungi and the sib if his trousers. I slowly widened the sib and touched on the cock. He was in deep sleep. I take the cock in my hand. It is not hard as seen in the bath room. It is also sleeping. I gently ran my finger up and down on the cock. A lightning go through my body. My body gently shivering with excitement. Then I caught it in my hand and moved up and down. At that time Shameer gently moved and I took back my hand. After some moment I then take his cock and balls and played with it. I began to press his cock. Suddenly I noticed that his cock is erecting and he put his one hand on my breast as if in sleep. I stopped pressing for a while. But it is erected and stood like a pole. I looked upon his face. His eyes were closed. But as if he is not sleeping. I stay at that position for a while. But the cock is growing in my hands. Oh, it is not so small. I don't know where I get courage. I pressed the cock again, moved hand up and down. The cock is responding to the movements. His hand on my breast is giving pressure on there. My boobs, pussy are trembling. Pussy is leaking. I can't control myself. I pressed his hand on my boob. I opened my maxi sip. Caught his hand and put it on my smooth boob. I pressed his hand on boobs. My hand is playing with his cock. I m getting so hot and I'm unable to hold me. I don't know how I got courage. I changed my position. My face is near his thighs and my thighs near his face. I hold his cock with one hand. With other hand I placed his hand on my pubic hair. It is wet with my leaking juice. I inserted his finger into my pussy. I moved his finger in and out. At the same time I kissed his cock and licked it. Then I inserted it to my mouth. I slowly moved his cock in my mouth in and out. He is shivering. He moved his finger in my pussy. He caught me tightly. He is making some sounds. UUmmmmmm......aaaaaaaaahhhhh....... his cock is trembling in my mouth. My pussy is oozing. I put his another finger also. His hips are coming up. I pushed his fingers hard into my pussy. OOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHH.........UUUMMMMAAAA ............. . I released his cock from my mouth. I Changed my position. Lay near him face to face. Kissed on his lips. I place his hands on my boobs. My hand ran all over his body. I lifted my maxi up to breast. I slowly downed his trouser up to his knees. My naked body moves very near to him. I moved to his body. His hands are on my boobs - pressing. I stand on my knees on both sides of his body. My both hands are also on both sides his body. His hands caught my hanging boobs and he is squeezing it. My body slowly moved to his body. I caught his cock and placed on the hole of my pussy. My saliva was there on his cock. I widened my thighs and widened my pussy lips with my fingers. I slowly downed my hips. His cock is going inside my wet pussy. Oh...AHA... Shameer moaned with pain. I held my hips back. I'm shivering with pleasure. I can't hold myself. My pussy was eager for his cock. I'm not in a stage to stop. I don't give ear to his sounds. I pressed down my hips hard. HHHHHHHHAAAAAAAA. Shameer's sound with pain.  His cock slides fully into my pussy.  I'm gasping. My boobs rest on his chest. I pressed my breast more. He encircled my back with his hands. I rest a while to heal his pain. Then I slowly moved my hips up. His cock comes out to my pussy entrance. Only its tip was inside. I slowly down my hips to insert his cock fully inside. I kissed on his lips. " Shamee, ente kutta... thathaye  njerikkata mone..." I whispered. "Thatha, ayyo...enikku vayya.... Oohhhh.... enikku vallathavunnu. " He also whispered. 
"Saramillata , ninakkippo sukam kittumata Shamee. . " I answered. I began to move my hips up and down to his cock. His cock is sliding in and out in my juicy pussy. The speed of my movements began to rise. His hips are also coming upwards. "Mone Shami thathete mula amarthi njerikkata.... Athu nee kutichota..." I put my right mula in his mouth. He began to suck it as a child does. My pussy is playing with his cock. The cock is bulging and trembling inside. He is murmuring something... I take that mula from his mouth and put my next mula in his mouth. His sucking makes blaster inside my body. Orgasms take place. My pussy is trembling. " Hente Shameee . . kutta...kutikkata... thathe njerikkata..." AAAAAAAHHHHHHH....... HHHHHHAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIII. 
My movement speed doubled. A sound is coming from my pussy when his cock plunged into my pussy. Pluk.... pluk . pluk... AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH.........Ayyooo... UMMAAA. . Some blast taking place inside my body. Shameer's hip is his coming upward. He encircled my body tightly. I fucked him hard. My buttocks come up and down very fast. OOOOOHHHHHHHHHHH............. UUUMMMMMMMAAAAAAAAAAAAAA......OOOHHH.... . COMING...... a burst inside my belly.  OOHHH......AAAHHHAA... a great flow of juice from my pussy. I fell down on him. I'm gasping fast.  Shameer's and my body filled with swept. He is also gasping. I kissed on his lips. His cock is trembling in my pussy. After some rest I get down from his body. I cleaned his cock and my pussy with a piece of cloth. I noticed that there is a mixture of red and white juice. I afraid that his cock may be wounded and so blood was coming. I checked his cock. No, nothing happened. His cock is still stands erected. I lay on my back. Bring him on my top. Put his cock inside my pussy. I hold him tight. " Shamee, engineyuntu? Sukam unto?" I asked. "Um . . " he told. " Itharotum parayalle? Iniyum namakku sukikkam.... Nee aarotenkilum parayo?"  " Illa " he said. 
I felt that his cock is now also erected. I'm in a great pleasure. I'm so much tired of this great first boy fucking. He pushed his cock hard inside my pussy. He is panting. He stroke his cock in and out. He makes sound. OOOHHHHHHHHHH.... . He take his cock out. His juice pumped on my belly, pussy. He fell on me gasping. I don't know when I fell in sleep holding him tight on my body. 
We slept till morning at that position. 
This relation continued till his vacation ends. Now also I feel his young cock trembling in my pussy. I feel very good with pleasure. 
If I get time I'll try to write more of my great experiences. 
Thanks all. 
Safeena

