DISCLAIMER: Not to be read by anyone under the age of majority. Do not read under the influence of an evil hypnotist (If you are not sure, see Table #67840, Hypnotists who are Evil). Hell only stop you enjoying it. Under the influence of a good, neutral, or utterly disinterested hypnotist (Table #67851) or alcohol, however, feel free.

BIOLOGICAL IMPERATIVE

>Pick up the rubbish and put it in the bin.<
The chimp, an expression that even by chimp standards was blank, stood up, walked over to the Coke can lying on the floor, and plucked it off the floor. It ambled over to the bin, dropped the can into it, and stopped moving.
Gerald grinned. Cool It worked.
Weve invented telepathy?
Gerald nodded. Close enough. We can transfer thoughts, and in the case of the chimp they act as orders. But that may be just because you blanked his mind and therere no conflicting thought impulses. Have to clone a new pair of symbionts to get that to work, though Im pretty sure theyre solo pairs. Still, it does give us a handle on the housework.
>Clean the lab.<
***
Neuron symbionts were one of those inventions that people looked at afterwards and wondered what sort of person would even think of doing research along those lines in the first place, like cooking (what sort of person would try dropping a choice cut of meat in the fire for the first time? It might wreck it). A clone pair of symbionts allowed a link between the minds in which they rode, a link that couldnt be detected but along which thoughts could travel at least as easily as *A Hard Days Night* through radio waves, but which could be converted back into comprehensible neural impulses only by the other of the clone pair. Any other symbiont set, assuming it could pick up the messages at all, would get only gibberish. The next stage of the project involved widebanding transmission and comprehension among all symbiont sets, to create true telepathy. But that would be some time yet. In the meantime, the scientists working on the project had staged a minor coup in the universitys biology facility and taken over the accelerated growth incubation chamber, the cloning equipment, and sensory deprivation tanks, using them in a wilfully illegal fashion to produce a series of adult chimps with no thought impulses of their own. With one half of a clone pair in the chimp and one half in each scientist, the mundane work of the laboratory doubled in speed. Other developments in the field of neurobiology swiftly followed, and moral standards slipped. Their own consent had been freely given, but there had been every reason to suppose it would work, and still more reason to suppose trying would present no danger. On the matter of a second implant into the same brain as a first, however, their collective judgement was less sure. It had every chance of being perfectly safe, but it was also likely to prove damaging. Consent to this second experiment - human to human communication - was less forthcoming. In the end only Gerald was willing to risk the second implant. Which left attempting human-to-human as far away as it had been before, if one went by ethical and conventional practices.
A fact none of the research team were wholly willing to let stop them. After all, the illegal servitor chimps they had produced had turned out far better than the team had hoped; why not go a little further? They could restage the experiments later, legally, if it worked.
But first, *it had to work*. It had to.
And if the unknowing experimentee were to decide, once they knew, that not having given their permission was the important part of the experiment, and not its success or failure, their telepathic symbiont research would be discredited for the best part of their lives, and whoever finished it, it wouldnt be them, barring carefully co-ordinated ninja night raids on laboratories by puppet chimps.
The experimentee, therefore, absolutely must not be afforded that freedom. Work began on modification of the symbiont and on a more covert method of implanting it.
***
So, uh where are you going, exactly?
Well, I thought Id use a place where people are likely not to be missed immediately and where they wont be surrounded by a horde of watchful friends.
And?
And so Im going to risk embarrassment and hit a singles bar.
Ok. Good luck, Gerald.
Thanks, mate.
And with that, the scientist set out.
***
The Birds and Bees was a pretty low-rent establishment with an utterly pathetic title. As such, it wasnt likely that the clientele would be up to much. This much was evident to Gerald even before he walked in.
Hed never been in a singles bar before - he might have been a typical science nerd, but he wasnt desperate, he would have explained - but wasnt particularly surprised with the layout. He ran an eye along the drafts and smiled in surprise when he noticed his favourite bitter on draft. Hook Norton, brewed in Oxfordshire and consumed in very few places, was available. He ordered a pint and took a seat, and waited.
After all, he might, as he would freely admit, be a nerd, but hed somehow failed to develop a paunch - possibly because he was a *menial* science nerd and had to do a lot of lifting and carrying - and he didnt look *too* bad, he thought, studying his face in the reflection on his glass, with perhaps a little bias but, he considered, strong overtones of his usual professional detachment.
And anyone whod voluntarily go to a singles bar had to be aiming for sex, at least to some degree. And that, he considered, was pushing the envelope the other way, to avoid seeming biased due to popular prejudice.
Maybe it wasnt, but it was as far as he intended to go.
After half an hour, he wondered whether perhaps he should try making the running. But, as he started to scan the room for a vaguely acceptable candidate, a finger bounced off his shoulder. He spun around nervously on the barstool and nearly overbalanced, but the counter top kept him upright. Uh, hi, he squeaked.
Hi, the woman replied. Her voice stayed cool, very ice maidenish. Youve been very quiet so far.
Uh, w-well -
Not used to this sort of thing? she inquired, one perfect eyebrow arched, a look almost of contempt in her eyes. But companionable contempt.
Well, er no. I - I
I thought so, she said, cutting him off. Not let out much?
*What an odd way to put it,* Gerald thought. W-well
She nodded with icy understanding and patted his head condescendingly. Gerald felt a shiver of annoyance run through him. Poor little sub.
Wha- Uh, no, Im not-
Of course youre not, she smiled, still condescending. Or at any rate, you *think* youre not
Gerald decided he was going to test the symbiont on her. If anyone deserved the risk, it was her. The fact that his second implant had been substantially more risky than her first one would be for her was irrelevant.
He looked at her for a couple of seconds, shook his head, and turned back to the bar.
Dont turn away from me, she snapped, in a voice that brooked no disobedience.
Gerald was used to fighting for research grants. Voices that brooked no disobedience had no terror for him; instead, they made him feel right at home.
Another pint, please, he said to the barman, who nodded cheerfully and pointed at the Hook Norton sign, eyebrows raised. Gerald nodded. Well remembered.
The pint was duly drawn; and while that was going on, Gerald glanced over his shoulder at the woman, a slight smile on his lips. He covertly produced a small, paper-thin skin-tone sheet from his pocket, and watched for an opportunity.
The woman was looking around irritatedly; clearly not used to being treated in this way. He peeled a small sheet off one side of the thumbnail-size skin-tone and held it carefully by the other side, looking for an opening. When he thought he had a chance, his arm shot out and attached itself momentarily to the back of her neck. She wheeled at once, hand rising to the patch of skin. What the hell did you just- why cant I feel my neck?
Gerald smiled slightly and paid for his pint. The barman watched for a moment, amused, then leaned over the counter and confidentially said, About time someone gave that bitch a scare. Nice one, shook hands with Gerald, and ambled off toward another customer. Gerald watched him go, surprised and silently thankful that the barman hadnt chosen to raise hell.
He looked back at the woman, and smiled. Her mouth had frozen in the act of speech, and now formed a perfect o that was clearly not a standard facial expression. Her hand had frozen with one finger prodding the patch of skin to which Geralds sheet adhered.
Its quicker than I expected, he reflected. To have anaesthetised her skin, burrowed through, and worked its way into the central nervous system and shut down motor control beyond autonomics in the few seconds it takes for a handshake and a gentlemanly confidence to be exchanged is incredibly fast. Still, there you go.
>GET THIS THING OFF ME!<
Gerald reacted to the telepathic cry without thinking, without even being aware of the possibility of thought in this situation. He reached up and pulled the sheet off. It shrivelled, wrinkling, and he let it fall to the floor.
And then thought about what hed just done. Hed removed the carrier mechanism at her request, when every fibre of his body should have been screaming out against such an action. That was the only way a first implant could be dangerous, and he wasnt ready to kill anyone. On the other hand, since it had shrivelled after removal, clearly the transfer had been complete in any case. He breathed a silent sigh of relief.
But why had he done it in the first place?
The womans muscles lost their unnatural rigidity.
Thank God for that, she said. Now, would you mind telling me whats going on?
Gerald felt a tightening in the pit of his stomach. It hadnt worked. Worse than not having worked. Someone had done something seriously wrong with the auxiliary cell clusters, which was going to result in feedback through his own symbiont cluster, a total reversal of what their backup plan had been. It looked like he could fall under her control, instead. If she realised
If she realised, he was going to be a sub for real. A very, very sorry sub.
Oh, great. Fucking marvellous.
How the hell did all this happen?
Feedback should not be possible. *Feedback should not be possible.* Unless
Unless someone had decided risking the operation was worth a practical joke at his expense. An impossibly vile practical joke.
Or not impossible, when you remembered Miles.
*Bastard*. Someone was going to get killed.
Gerald jerked his thoughts out of this panic and slid down the falls to a still deeper level as the realisation that *he couldnt do fuck all about Miles if she realised*.
Which being the case, no fucking *way* was he going to tell her what was going on.
A fine resolution, but for one inconvenient fact.
I said, would you mind telling me whats going on? she repeated. At virtually the same instant the thought >Tell me, dammit!< slashed through the air between them with vibrant energy and caused Gerald to respond without thinking. In but a few seconds hed summed up everything she needed to know; but he was well embarked on a half-hour discourse on the technical difficulties involved in designing the symbionts - it was what was going on, after all - that she really clicked to the fact that thought was what was involved, but only if clear instructions travelled, and thought >Shut the fuck up<.
Gerald shut up automatically and immediately. And in that single picosecond, a thought leaped fully-formed into his mind, having formed itself while his mind was otherwise occupied and waited eagerly for a chance to present itself to his mind when it could be sure of his full attention. Clearly and concisely, it ran:
*Get the fuck out of here.*
It seemed like a good idea, and since he had nothing better, or indeed other, in his mind at the time, he acted upon it immediately, rising and racing for the door in a single fluid motion.
>Fall over,< the mental voice called after him. >And lick the floor as you hit it,< it added by way of an afterthought.
He didnt even get a chance for a last thought, which would have been *Oh, fuck.* Thoughtlessness swept over him, and he felt his legs stop moving. His upper body, however, didnt. His tongue extended, ready to lick
***
His new life was not one he would have enjoyed, had he still remained in his body. But his new Mistress had, unwittingly, stopped his mind; the personality that had once been Gerald Cohen had ceased to exist, with the mental command to stop doing what he wanted and obey her voice instructions - a command that would render him a slave to her word for the rest of his existence, and which kept his brain in hibernation for the same period. Because he could not get it back until his last mental order was finished, and it could never finish.