Early Exhibitionism
byfreedomliesinbeingbold©

Early Exhibitionism Pt. 01

I began my exploration of nudity as a young woman. It all started one sunny afternoon in mid spring when the sun was finally warm after a long winter, it wasn't hot, just warm. I was tired of being in layers upon layers of clothing. I had been in love with idea of being topless as I have really nice breasts. I decided that I didn't care what any of my neighbors thought and I walked outside in a long flowing skirt hanging low on my thin waist and nothing on top.

The sunshine felt so welcoming on my fair skin, it was still cool enough for my nipples to harden quickly but it was a tolerable temperature to be in that state of undress. I wondered around the garden, long ginger hair flowing behind my shoulders and bare h cup breasts bouncing with every step. I noticed the two young men that lived next door were sitting on their balcony looking over at me, mouths open and frozen. I continued on like I hadn't seen them there. I made sure to face them so they could get a better view. I liked the idea that I might be the reason they would masturbate later on. I would have been flattered if they dropped their jeans and had done it right there.

I don't really remember how long I stay out there but I just remember loving every minute of it. This became routine for me and the more people who saw me the better. Shortly after this I let a complete stranger, a postal delivery man, fondle my breasts and it was the biggest turn on. Having his two large hands struggle with holding my large breasts yet knowing exactly how to make me feel good will be something I will never forget. I now crave having strange men just come up to me, expose my breasts and grope them, in public. I began my home life as a nudist and my trips outside became completely nude (when the weather is warm enough) and I love it.

I don't wear a bra, except at work or at certain formal or business functions. I only wear underwear when I have my period. I live in a place where winter lasts five to six months so my outdoor nudity can only happen about four months out of the year sometimes five if we are having good weather. So you can bet once it's warm enough out I am in crop tops for easy access in public. I also wear short skirts a lot to show off my rear and lower lips when I can. My favorite places to expose more than most is at the grocery store and public library. I love the look some women give me, like I'm a slut or crazy. They cover their children's eyes and make a big deal out it when in reality a human body is just that a body. No one should feel shame for their body, but teaching kids that nakedness is a bad thing because it's only sexual is wrong.

One of the best experiences I had was at an amusement park that opens in May before the kids get off school for the summer. I went on a weekday and it was not busy at all. It was fairly empty and all the guests were couples in their 20's and early 30's, no kids at all. I was wearing a very short crop top, you could see all of my under-boobs with my arms down. So I would lift my arms up and boom, full tits out for all to see. I would pretend like I had no idea and then when my arms went down my top stayed up. I walked around like that for a while and got a few stranger gropes, my favorite, like I said. I got longer rides on the attractions and a lot of flirtations. A security guard did ask me to cover up and I acted like I didn't know my shirt was up and apologized and pulled my top down. I then looked around and flashed my chest when I didn't see security. I was wearing jeans that day so no lower flashing but my tits are amazing so it was worth it for the whistles, the looks and the touches. Seriously, there should be adult only days at amusement parks were everyone could be naked or at least nearly naked. It feels amazing. (Yes, I did put sunscreen on as I am so fair skinned I would have burned.)


Early Exhibitionism Pt. 02

Living in a rural area we have a lot of small race tracks. My favorite one is one that has a dirt track and a motocross track. I have always been into cars and racing and motocross. I go almost every week, twice a week when the seasons are open. I have been since as long as I can remember. As a young woman I now get pleasure in being known as that one chick who flashes all the time. I stand near the chain link fence between the restrooms and the pits and flash my breasts at all the drivers while they get ready to race. I love the whistles and calls to flash again. For the moto it's a little different as the pits for moto aren't really a structured place. So I go around the far side of the track where not a lot of the public are and stand with my boobs exposed for a few minutes at a time so more of the racers can look. I get thumbs up and whistles from them. I have to be careful because there are kids around and security. I love the attention!

*

Another time that I went a little wild was at an outdoor rock festival. I was wearing very short jean shorts, very short like ass cheeks hanging out short, and a tank top when I arrived. I made sure to be fully sunscreen protected. As I found my way to the center of the crowd I just began dancing and jumping and let my breasts pop out on their own, which really didn't take long at all. This action caused the tank top to stretch and the straps ripped. I just let the shirt fall off. I got whistles right away and the guy behind me reached around and started groping my chest... Damn I love that. Strange hands just massaging and squeezing my voluptuous breasts. I didn't have another shirt with me nor did I buy one. I just stayed topless all day and evening. I danced and jumped around and let my bare breasts bounce for all to see. I dry humped with a couple of guys too as they kissed my neck and fondled my breasts. I got called a slut by some girls but I don't care.

They seemed immature to me even though I think they were a couple years my senior. I had another girl ask to touch my boobs and I was delighted to let her, her hands weren't as big but it felt nice, she was blushing the whole time. I am in no way attracted to other girls, but I have absolutely nothing against it. I got up to crowd surf but didn't get very far as all the guys just wanted to touch my boobs so I was pulled down a bit hard but it was worth all the hands on me. As the festival wound down I headed out to the car, past the still open entrance and got a lot of strange looks from people. I was in too much of post exhibitionist high to even bother with it. I needed time to myself before I left. I took off my shorts and sat in my car masturbating I had been so turned on by all the fondling that it really didn't take long for me to be satisfied. I drove home naked which was an hour and half drive, windows down, music up. I got attention at every red light, a car filled with college guys about my age tried to get me to follow them but I didn't.

*

There was a time that I ended up topless completely by accident and was unintentional on my part, honest. My distant cousin was getting married and there was drama with one of her bridesmaids. Two days before the wedding the girl just bowed out. My cousin had not seen me in years as we were never really close and lived three hours apart and again a distant cousin, like 3rd cousin once removed. Anyway her mom knew was about the same height and about the same size as the friend and they asked me to step in as a bridesmaid. I said yes because I am a nice person and I felt bad for my cousin. I drove the three hours to where they live the next day, which was the day before the wedding. I try on the dress and it is too loose around the waist by an inch or two and my boobs did not fit... they didn't realize I was that well endowed in the chest. We went to a tailor right away and they did what they could, took in the waist and tried to add a material to the cups, but it didn't work.

There was no time to find a dress so I was stuck with it. I couldn't wear a bra, even though I tried, it made the dress even harder to fit over my boobs. So I made it through the wedding and 90% of the reception, I had had several almost exposed moments but I was trying really hard to keep the girls in because I didn't want to take attention off the bride and groom. So it was about 11:30 PM and it was the last couple of songs were left. Only the wedding party and few others are left dancing and having fun, all of them except for me were drunk. The dress couldn't contain my boobs any longer and the top of the dress sort of just feel apart. I tried to cover up but everybody being drunk was like "it's okay, boobs are great" so I just let them stand out and bounce freely during the last few songs. The whole bridal party started touching my boobs and saying how beautiful I am and how my boobs are beautiful and perky and SO BIG.

*

A while ago I was at a hotel with an indoor pool that was open 24 hours a day. It was a last minute trip and I didn't realize the hotel had a pool and I didn't bring a suit. I have trouble sleeping away from home. I couldn't sleep and I was restless. I sleep naked. I just put on a robe and grabbed a towel and headed down to the pool at 2:00 AM. I was expecting no one to be there but there were a few men in their late 20s to early 30s probably on the last night of a business trip hanging out in the pool and having fun. They are all adults and I was like screw it, I like to be naked and I love people seeing me naked so I just stripped out of the robe and put the towel on the nearest chair and jumped in the pool and when I came back up they were cheering and whistling and I just waved and started swimming laps. They were still talking and just sort of messing around but I could tell they were talking about me and checking me out.

This is when I notice they are a little tipsy, not drunk, I'm not scared of anything bad happening, they were just being a little silly and immature. They moved to the middle of pool and kept watching me do laps so I started doing the backstroke so they could get a better view of my body. I let them run their hands along my body as I went by. This continued for some time. They got out and I noticed they were all hard... I had gotten a group of adult men hard just by looking and light touching, that was a powerful feeling. They must have felt awkward or like they had done something inappropriate and they left. So now I have the whole pool to myself and the wall of windows is in view of a lot of the windows in other buildings. I saw lights on and was like, okay if people see, they see. After I was done swimming I got out and just walked along the windows to air dry. I grabbed the towel and wrapped my hair in it and my robe that had the key in the pocket and I hung the robe over my arm instead of on and headed out of the pool area into the hall naked. There was no one in the hall so I kept going to the elevators and headed up to my room. I was hoping the elevator would stop and some unsuspecting person would see me naked, but no it didn't happen. It was 3:45 in the morning.

*

I attended a Naked Halloween Costume party for Adults only. It was photo free for job reasons. No one was allowed to take photos. It was as naked as you felt comfortable doing. I went as Slave Leia with arm bands, belt (no skirt, no top), choker with a chain and heels, nothing else. Hair done in the braid with the gold pieces. I was the most naked person at the party... It was great. I got a lot of attention and had a few gropes, fondles and stares. One of the gropes was one of the best I have ever had. This large kind of hairy man just grabbed my breasts and begin to massage them and kiss them. His hands knew to squeeze gently and rub in circles. His mouth was warm and wet and felt like heaven. I gave him a damn good blow job in return. I got to represent my nerd side and look absolutely hot. I got a lot of compliments on my body and my red hair.


Early Exhibitionism Pt. 03

I was sidetracked for sometime and didn't get write. I have two other stories that should be read before this one. I will start with some things that happened before the pandemic lock down and protocols.

If you remember I really love being naked in public... or at least topless. I love my body, I love showing it off. Not even always in a sexual way, usually not, but I do like the attention.

One of the many places I like to go is a Library a few small towns over. They have a very large branch. It is three floors, nearly unheard of in small communities. The first floor has one circulation desk with two Librarians working it. One the first floor is the children's section, the young adult section and the G- PG13 DVD's There is the story hour corner to. One the second floor they have the adult books, and a large computer area. Two circulation desks, one is for a librarian to watch the computer section and the other has two librarians checking out books. There is a large study area that is usually full of high school and college age students (my age people). The third floor has the reference section, One side is full of books on specific topics and Biographies and autobiographies. There is one librarian on this floor and the small desk they sit at faces the reference section and all they do is make sure no one takes the reference books home.

The other side has stacks of outdated, useless books like Encyclopedia's, Dictionaries, Thesaurus' and etcetera. I am not sure why they still have those books, no one uses them. But I am glad they do. I can be in these stacks without kids being around and without any "supervision." There is a coffee table and couch at the back of the section and I would set up to work there a lot. I would wear easy clothes to get on and off, like sweats, no underwear or bra and just get naked. I would walk around the shelves of useless books naked for hours. I would watch carefully to make sure the librarian didn't turn around, they never do.

Even though the third floor is usually pretty dead there would be a few people up there looking for a book on a certain topic. (Yes there are people who still use books, it makes weeding out unreliable websites so much easier because you are using a book). Those people would see me, They would admire my body and not say a word. I thought one time this one woman was going to say something but she didn't. Usually after a few people saw me I would head to my corner and masturbate, I always get so turned on when strangers see me naked. I would have to be quiet and not let any sounds out and that too makes it even more hot. I always climax. (Don't worry I clean up before I leave) I then walk around the stacks again, usually fondling myself this time craving for someone else to be touching me.

Movie theaters are a great place to get naked too. I like to go on Saturday or Sunday, late morning or early afternoon matinée's because it is risky to do if there are a lot of people in the theater. I always sit in the very back row, in the middle. I wait for the lights to down and the previews to be over. I then start by removing my top and freeing my breasts. I like to fondle them and rub my nipples to get them hard and to get me going. I love when someone randomly turns around and sees me or the usher takes a peek around the theater and doesn't do or say anything. I then undress my bottom and spread my legs over the seats in front of me. I work my hands down from my breasts to my lower lips. I rub in circles and put pressure on that one spot. I can make a little noise here because the speakers are so loud and no one is really ever that close to me. I never let myself climax at the theater though, I like to come home horny as hell. There have been a couple of times I got caught by an employee, I had to give blow jobs in order to not get banned from the theaters but I am pretty sure it was just because they wanted something because most of the time employees at that time of day don't care.

I once went to a park, with kids around, and took my top off. I was off in a secluded area but there is always a chance that someone will walk up on you. It is in a grove of trees in the corner of the park, there is some shrubs around to. I was there for a long time topless just enjoying nature and the songs of the birds. I heard people come close but never around the back side of the trees. I was sitting leaning back on arms so my large, perky breasts were very much on display. I saw a ball, a colorful one, you know those really light ones that kids under five play with come past me. I closed my eyes in dread. I figured I was about to get yelled at by a closed minded, uptight mom. I opened my eyes and saw a lone child pick up the ball and turn. He looked at me for a second, he was about four. He just said "boobies." It was a statement, not a question. Then he said "Cool" and ran away to play. I didn't hear from any angry parents or see that kid again. Kids really don't care and aren't traumatized by naked bodies. They are taught that nudity is bad and only sexual. It's not. It's comfortable and natural.

Since the pandemic has happened. I am following protocols super closely. I am not going to places unless I absolutely have to. So my nakedness has been at home, hoping as many neighbors see as possible. Hiking the trails on my property naked, going to the door and opening it after a package is delivered naked and hoping the delivery person sees. Doing everything I can naked. For work, I can work from home, but for our staff meetings through zoom. I am usually mostly naked, but I can't let my work know that. I usually wear a cardigan sweater, open with nothing under it and then pull my very long, very thick hair over the front of my shoulders so it covers everything but they see sleeves. 


Early Exhibitionism Pt. 04

