https://www.patreon.com/jamesmarcus

Chapter 7: Explanations and Plans

	Andrew looked down at Mrs. Crabtree as she lay on her desk, his cock buried in her dripping cunt. Her clothes disheveled and in some places torn. The front of her blouse had been ripped open and her white bra pushed up exposing her ample breasts. He smiled in satisfaction as he gazed upon her beautiful body and his cock gave a few post ejaculation twitches inside her cunt. He leaned over her and sucked the nipple of her right breast into his mouth as his right hand enveloped and teased her left. She let out a moan of pleasure as she arched her back, pushing her breasts against his hand and mouth. Oh god yes master, that feels so good.

	As he continued to suck and fondle her nipples he felt his cock hardening again. He slowly began to move his hips, fucking his semi erect cock within her well fucked pussy, Mrs. Crabtree let out another moan as she urged him to fuck her once more. He stopped his fucking motions as he remembered why he was here, and that Aaron was waiting for him in the hallway. With a grunt of displeasure he pulled his cock from her cunt and stepped away. His cum leaked from her pussy onto the desk forming a pool of fluid between her legs.

	Mrs. Crabtree lay on the desk panting while Andrew pulled his underwear and pants back on and headed for the door. She looked his way with tired eyes, her legs still spread wide, making no effort to cover herself. Master, where are you going? Why did you stop?

	Its ok maam, stay where you are, I just need to do something really quick. He said as he unlocked the door and poked his head into the hall.

	Aaron was standing outside the room leaning against the wall opposite the door. Andrew motioned for him to enter and then stepped back into the room. Mrs. Crabtree continued to lie on the desk making no move to cover herself as the two boys entered. Her face was turned towards the ceiling and her eyes were closed. Holy shit. Aaron whispered as he entered the room. You actually did it, you lucky son of a bitch.

	Mrs. Crabtree slowly turned her head towards them, her eyes half open, her body limp. Master is that She started to say as her eyes fell on Aaron. What the hell? she yelled as she tried to cover herself up, but found that her body refused to respond. Aaron Smith, get out of here right now!

	Andrew moved quickly over to the desk, Im so sorry Maam, I didnt think He stammered Its ok, hes with me, please calm down and dont worry about it.

	Mrs. Crabtree immediately calmed down and ceased her attempts to cover herself, while at the same time obeying Andrews last request of her to stay where she was. She looked from Andrew to Aaron and then back to Andrew, fear evident on her face as Aaron walked up to the desk ogling her naked body. Master, whats going on? She asked panic evident on her voice.
	Andrew again motioned for her to calm down. Maam please calm down, its ok and you are not going to get in trouble. Aaron is here to help me explain things. Please get dressed and well explain everything. Andrew replied, as he took a chair.

	Aaron continued to stare at Mrs. Crabtree as she put on her panties, pulled down her bra, and did her best to make her torn blouse look presentable. Oh, my god, shes more beautiful than I imagined, shit her tits Aaron started to whisper to Andrew, he stopped short when he noticed the look Mrs. Crabtree was giving him.

	Andrew motioned for Aaron and Mrs. Crabtree to sit down. Please have a seat. He said as Aaron sat at one of the desks in the front row and Mrs. Crabtree leaned against the front of her desk with her arms across her chest holding her blouse closed. Maam its a very long story and I think it best I start from the beginning.

	Andrew told Mrs. Crabtree everything. As he told the story, Aaron jumped in from time to time; clarifying something or mentioning a fact Andrew forgot or missed. Mrs. Crabtree listened to the two boys, her face almost emotionless and neutral. Aaron stopped talking and gave Andrew a funny look when he got to the part about Aarons moms reaction to his sweaty clothes, Andrew decided it would be best to edit that part so as to leave out the fact he fucked her.   and that is when Aaron decided that it would be best if he put a dose of my saliva in your coffee. Andrew said as he continued the story describing the girls reactions all day to him and Aaron again chimed in with his observations of it having something to do with Andrews sweat.

	Mrs. Crabtree stood from her desk and walked up to Aaron. So you spiked my coffee. She said with a scowl, her arms crossed over her chest and tapping her left foot.

	Aaron made a gulping noise as he looked up at his chemistry teacher. Well I had to know if it was really what we thought it was, and we couldnt trust this with just anyone. It was the only way I could think of to be sure and keep Andrew safe. If we had come to you with this before and told you we thought Andrews saliva made girls into sex slaves, what would you have done? He asked

	Mrs. Crabtree gave him a sly grin. I wouldve laughed you out of my class room and if you somehow had proven it to me, I wouldve taken steps to ensure that Andrew couldnt use it on anyone else, for their protection and his.

	Aaron looked up at her with his own grin. And now?

	She looked over towards Andrew and then back at Aaron. It makes me so horny, I want to fuck him right now just thinking about the fact that I and his sister are his to use how he wishes. That, and I want to get more girls for him to enslave.

	Andrew frowned at her comment and shook his head. I dont want any more girls as my slaves, fuck, I dont want any slaves. I just want to know what the hell is going on and how to fix it.
	Mrs. Crabtree dropped her hands and placed them on her hips, allowing the front of her blouse to fall open, as she thought about what Andrew and Aaron had told her. So Aaron, She said as she leaned over onto the desk pushing her bra covered breasts towards the young man. Do you have any more of this saliva with you? If you want me to test it I will need samples.

	Yes Maam. Aaron stammered as he reached into his bag, his eyes never leaving her chest. Its right here. He said, handing her the closed Mason jar and the eye dropper he used to spike her coffee.

	The jar was about half full with Andrews saliva. Mrs. Crabtree lifted the jar to her eyes and looked at the contents. So this is the magic juice. It looks so harmless, like water. How much does it take?

	Aaron smiled up at his teacher. I only put a single drop in your coffee. He replied as she removed the lid and filled the dropper.

	Really, just a drop? She asked as she placed the jar on her desk and resealed it. That is not a very big dose; there must be enough in here to enslave the entire town. What were you planning on doing with this much?

	I was not sure; I was hoping to run some tests, with your help Aaron started to say as Mrs. Crabtree once again leaned onto the desk in front of him and then squirted the entire contents of the dropper into Aarons open mouth.

	Aaron and Andrew both jumped from their seats, Andrew with a look of horror on his face and Aaron with a look of disgust as he tried to spit the contents form his mouth. Blah! What the hell? Aaron yelled as Mrs. Crabtree stood up, laughing.

	Andrew stepped back from his best friend as he turned towards his teacher. What the hell did you do that for, I dont

	Mrs. Crabtree stopped laughing and looked towards Andrew. You dont what master? Want a male sex slave. I am sure you dont, female ones are so much more fun, however if it was good for the goose its good for the gander. He gave me that stuff against my will so I gave him a dose of his own medicine, besides, considering nothing else you have done has affected males, I highly doubt this will either, but the only way to find out She said as she motioned towards the obviously distressed Aaron.

	Aaron continued to spit on the floor and wipe his tongue with his sleeve. Blecch, that shit tastes nasty, but she has a fucking point. Blah, the only way to truly know was to try it. He said as he looked up to his friend. You feel anything? I dont.

	Andrew looked from Mrs. Crabtree to his friend. No, I dont. Normally there is a flash or something that lets me know something happened, that and a sense of where the person is, but with younothing.
	Mrs. Crabtree frowned and looked down at the eye dropper. Well that sucks, I was hoping for some reaction. She said as she looked at Andrew. Master can you order him to do something please, so we can test it. Something he normally would never do. 

	Andrew thought about it for a second. Ok but Mrs. Crabtree what I order him to do you have to let him do.

	Yes master. She replied.

	Mrs. Crabtree, kneel in front of Aaron and open your blouse all the way. Aaron, pull out your cock and jack off over her face.

	Mrs. Crabtree happily knelt in front of Aaron and almost completely removed her blouse, displaying her bra and cleavage to the young man. Yes Aaron, please cover my face in cum.

	Aaron hesitated a second looking down at his teacher as she knelt in front of him pleading for him to masturbate and cum on her face. Andrew I dont know he started to say as he found his hands unbuttoning his pants and pulling out his cock. What the hell! he exclaimed as he started masturbating in front of his teacher. Oh my, holy shit, what the?

	Ok, well I guess that proves something. Andrew said as Aaron continued to jack off in front of his teacher. Ok, both of you stop.

	Both Aaron and Mrs. Crabtree pouted as she stood up and Aaron stopped masturbating. Please Aaron, put that away, I really dont want to look at it. Andrew said as he shielded his eyes from Aarons cock.

	Mrs. Crabtree sat back against her desk, making no effort to cover her breasts and smiled. Well it seems that your saliva does have an effect on males, it does not make them your sex slave, but they still do obey your orders. I wonder if it affects his way of thinking like it did mine. Master can you please tell Aaron something about you that would normally make him mad?

	Andre looked from Mrs. Crabtree to Aaron and then back. UmmI dont know, I dont want to piss him off.

	Oh come on Andrew, Aaron laughed. Its me and its for science, I wont get that mad.

	Ok, well you know how I talked about your mom coming on to me in the bathroom?

	Yeah Aaron said suspiciously.

	Well she kind of kissed me and then we fucked in the shower.

	Aaron stared at his best friend in shock. Holly shit dude, you enslaved my mother and then fucked her! He yelled.

	Not, on purpose man, it just happened. Andrew said defensively.

	Aaron shook his head and tossed his hands in the air. I dont care if it was on purpose or not. That is fucking RAD! Dude you enslaved my mom. You know what this means, we can get anything we want now.

	Andrew stared at his best friend, shock written on his face. Youre not mad?

	Dude, why would I be mad?

	I enslaved and fucked your mom. Not just once but three times. I would be pissed.

	Aaron shrugged his shoulders. Meh, I should be mad, and I am sure thirty minutes ago I would have wanted to kill you, but meh. Its your right, shes your sex slave, fuck her all you want. I just cant wait til the next time she tries to tell us we cant do something and you tell her we can.

	Andrew shook his head. What if I said I enslaved your sister? 

	Aaron looked at Andrew in utter shock. Dude, did you? Holy shit. He said with a hint of laughter in his voice. That is fucking hot, its about time she used her mouth for something else besides yelling at you. Did you fuck her or just make her give you head?

	Andrew shook his head and frowned. Neither, I just wanted to see how you would react, considering how you reacted about your mom.

	Aww, man, dude you need to enslave her too. I want to see your cock buried in the little bitchs mouth.

	Dude! Andrew said in shock. That is your little sister; she worships the ground you walk on.

	Aaron shrugged. Whatever, I could care less anymore. Maybe this saliva shit really does something. But right now all I care about her is to see her worshiping your cock. I know its wrong, and I know I should be pissed off at you and stomping your head into the floor, but I just cant bring myself to care and really feel the opposite. Since you mentioned it, now all I want to do is help you take her. Shit, her and her little Goth friend, now that would be hot, the two of them taking turns sucking you off. That little slut friend of hers is fucking hot for a ten year old.

	Well, well, Mrs. Crabtree said as she stood from her desk. Now we are getting somewhere. I think I have some ideas for testing our little miracle out. But I am having trouble thinking clearly, thoughts of what you want and the need to be submissive to you keep distracting me.

      Andrew gave her a wicked smile and took a step towards her then stopped and gave his head a shake to clear it. Mrs. Crabtree, until I say otherwise I would like you to plan and recommend whatever you feel is necessary to solve this problem.
      
      Thank you, Andrew. I will need a little more time to think about all of this. Master can we get together tomorrow after school at my house and discuss it? Ill tell your moms I need to spend some extra time with you and give you some special tutoring  since you missed so much of the year. Aaron, you will be helping me. You should bring your sister Lacey too so I can compare notes about the experience with her. She is friends with my daughter Ellie, so you can have her ask to come along to see Ellie.
      
      Andrew nodded. What about Ellie, wont she think it is strange that Lacy is talking with us and not hanging out with her, and what if she overhears?
      
      Mrs. Crabtree gave Andrew a grin and winked at Aaron. Dont worry master, I will take care of Ellie and she will not be a problem. She said as she attempted to straighten out her blouse and grabbed some paper towels and cleaning fluid. Now we need to get cleaned up and you two home before people begin to wonder what is going on. Aaron, can you please check the hall and lead the way to my car to ensure no one sees us? I think it would be a little hard to explain why I am walking with two of my students around school with my blouse ripped open. She said as she handed some towels to Andrew and began to clean the top of her desk.
      
	Aaron nodded and headed to the hall as Andrew cleaned the mess off the floor under Mrs. Crabtrees desk. As he stood up and tossed the paper towels into the trash, Mrs. Crabtree turned to face him and pressed her lips to his. They kissed for a few seconds before she broke the kiss and looked him in the eyes. All this talk of you enslaving and fucking Aarons mother, sister, and her friend has got me so horny. I want to fuck you right now.

	Andrew stared into Mrs. Crabtrees eyes and then reluctantly looked away. He could feel the desire building in him, the sense that this was all right and good, that she was his and he could use her how he wished. He forced it down as he backed away from her. We dont have the time.

	I know master, she said as she adjusted her blouse and tossed the paper towels into the trash. Ill masturbate about you tonight, about you and me and the things we will do together. She whispered as she turned towards the door.

	They made it to Mrs. Crabtrees car without incident and headed home. Once they pulled up to Aarons house, he got out of the back seat and went inside to get his mom. Jill came out of the house a few minutes later and walked up to the car. As she walked up to the car, Andrew could see and feel her getting upset. Andrew quickly told her about Mrs. Crabtree being his newest slave. She looked from Mrs. Crabtree and her exposed bra to Andrew. Oh well then thats different, if master does not mind you flashing your bra to the world why should I care. I will make the arrangements with Andrewss mom about Andrew and Aaron coming over to the house tomorrow night. I doubt she will be as understanding of your predicament as I am. I do have one question thought; do you plan on fucking my son tomorrow or just Andrew?

	Mom! Aaron hissed from behind her.

	Mrs. Crabtree gave Jill a smile. It is a valid question and the only answer I can give is only if Andrew tells me to.

	Jill smiled back. I can accept that, after all I would fuck Aaron if Andrew told me to, so I guess I cant hold that against you. She replied as she looked into the car. Master please dont ask me to fuck my own son, and please try not to corrupt him too much.

	Andrew gave a little frown and looked between his two sex slaves. I will try Mrs. Smith. He replied.

	As he got out of the car though, his evil side raised its head. Jill, I want you to suck Aarons cock tonight and swallow his cum as soon as you can without getting caught. Aaron I want you to let her, but no fucking, and neither of you are to feel guilty about it, enjoy it and let it bring you closer together.

	Yes sir, Aaron and his mom said grinning at each other as they took each others hands and turned and headed into the house.

	Mrs. Crabtree leaned out the passenger window. Now why did you go and do that? she asked with a grin.

	I dont know, and I dont think I should have. Lately I just cant help myself, like in the class room, I never intended to have sex with you, but when you knelt in front of me, I could not help myself. He replied as he leaned into the window and slipped his hand into her bra as he French kissed her.

https://www.patreon.com/jamesmarcus