



===========================================================
T H E   H O M E R   V A R G A S   S T O R Y   A R C H I V E

All stories in this archive are the property of the author.
They may be downloaded and read by private citizens.  They 
are not to be used by commercial web sites.  Persons using 
this material on commercial sites will be vigorously pur-
sued by the "hounds from hell," or my legal team, whichever
is deemed necessary.  These stories were written for adult 
entertainment and should not be accessed by children.
===========================================================














Dawn and Ken and Maria and David..(MC, Fdom, preg)
By Homer Vargas
Vargas111@yahoo.com

I was in a pretty pickle.  Until a few weeks before
this began, I'd been a carefree, though overworked
manager at a Dot-com start up.  I had a salary I
didn't have time to spend and girlfriend wannabes
falling all over me.  My downfall, if that's what it
was, began after I bought a house only to realize I
didn't have time to take care of it.  The solution was
obvious: hire a housekeeper; I had the money.  Maria
was so pretty, I didn't even ask if she could cook.
(She could!)  Before I knew it, she was in my bed
every night, fucking me as I'd never been fucked
before.  I did not understand how, but suddenly, my
life revolved around Maria.

Today, however, for the first time since Maria had
come to work (ha!) for me, I was on my own.  After a
really hot night making me insanely horny by letting
me eat her for hours and then pleading with me while
giving me a hand job, Maria got me to pay her ticket
back to Central America where her little sister was
having another baby.  Coming out of the supermarket
with  coffee, beer, chips and bean dip (the four
essential food groups, right?), I heard a horn.

"David," a feminine voice called out.  "David
Jackson!"  Still carrying my shopping bag, I walked
over to a familiar looking car.  "Hi.  Have a minute
to talk?"  The voice belonged to Dawn, a high powered
doctor who lived in the neighborhood with her
boyfriend.  I set my bag in her back seat and slid in,
but not before she made a quick inspection of the
bag's contents.

"I see you're eating right while Maria is away," she
teased.

I could hardly complain.  In her mid thirties, Dawn
was several years older than I, but easy to look at,
tall and generously proportioned with long red hair,
more striking than "pretty" in the Meg Ryan mold, a
Goth chick if she had ever been into that sort of
thing.  She was dressed pretty hot for a trip to buy
groceries: large gold earrings, bangles, and a short
green skirt with high-heel sandals that showed sexy
feet with painted red toes.  We had been making small
talk for a few minutes, me growing more uncomfortable
being so close to this attractive older woman, when
she hit me from out of the blue.  "So how long has she
been screwing you?"

"What?"

"You know what," she sniffed.  "That hot little Latina
that's moved in with you, she's keeping you screwed
silly."

"Maria is just my housekeeper." I replied, trying to
sound offended.

Dawn grinned.  "Don't give me that.  It's been over
three weeks.  She has you in her bed every night."

Embarrassed that my secret was out, I nodded.  "How
did you know?  Did she brag?" I asked, annoyed at the
thought.

"She doesn't need to.  Those minis she wears when she
goes out shopping don't look like the uniform of a
domestic.  And one afternoon last week I went down for
something and found her in heels and a housecoat.  But
under it, I could see she had on nothing but panties
and high-top stockings.  She looked ready to pounce as
soon as you arrived."

"I had no idea she was so brazen." My face burned with
shame.

"Oh, it's written all over you, too," Dawn smirked. 
"I haven't seen you bringing home any of those babes
you used to and when you leave the house in the
morning, you have a dopey smile that practically
blinks on and off, 'Just fucked.'"

"It's that obvious?"

Dawn chuckled, "Patently obvious, and no surprise to
any woman in the neighborhood that a woman with a body
like Maria's didn't take a job cleaning house for a
handsome, single yuppie, just for the money.  Let me
guess, the first time was after she got you to watch
'Pearls Before Wine?'" [1]

"How did you know that?" I asked, amazed.

"Since the video came out, all the women of the
neighborhood are using it on their husbands or
boyfriends.  Suzie Sparks used it on both her husband
AND her boyfriend," Dawn giggled.  "Watching the
Emperor succumb to that beautiful black woman again,
and again, and again really revs the guys up."

"Doesn't it!  I was on my knees with my tongue in her
pussy before it finished," I admitted.  "And I'd never
gone down on a woman."

"Yeah, and then?" Dawn leered.

"Well, she took me to bed and fucked me silly that
night, I guess.  I hardly remember the details."

"I'm not surprised.  When men watch it they go into a
kind of trance.  Their brains turn into a lust-soaked
mush and they become very 'manageable.'"  I shivered a
bit at the way she said it.  "Margie Kirk told me that
before, her husband would NEVER go down on her; now
she wakes up every morning with fresh-squeezed orange
juice by her bed and her husband's head between her
legs, searching her jungle for the secret temple where
he loves to worship.  And you know the McKinnons, the
couple whose youngest just left for college?  Sarah
told me that after Ralph watched it with her, she got
him to make her pregnant,  She says seeing her with a
belly again makes him fuck her so good, she may have a
whole 'second crop'"

"You always use a condom?"

I was so stunned, I could hardly answer.  "Er, yeah. 
Maria can't..."

"Take the pill?" Dawn asked sarcastically.  "At least
not if she wants to get knocked up with a little
Jackson and promote herself from houseKEEPER to
houseWIFE!"

I just starred back at Dawn, the realization of
Maria's manipulation of me growing.

"If she isn't pregnant already, it's only because she
hasn't been off the pill long enough.  When she's
fertile, I'll bet she intends to get you a little
drunk and come onto you strong.  She'll be 'so hot'
she 'can't wait' while you put on a condom.  Once
you're fucking her, she'll beg you to come in her and
knock her up.  A large amount of semen will be
deposited into an unprotected fertile pussy.  When she
starts to show, she'll make you marry her."

"My god, she could!" I admitted.

"Could?: Dawn taunted.  "You might as well start
shopping for an engagement ring, unless..."

"Unless?"

"Unless you let me invite you for lunch so we can ...
talk."  Dawn grinned and drew the hem of her already
short skirt farther toward her crotch.

"Oh, no, Dawn, I'm already in enough trouble."

"Oh, David," she laughed, "you have no idea how much
'trouble' you're going to help you get into."  The
northward journey of the hem continued unabated.  "Are
you horny, sweetheart?  Maria's been gone, what, three
days now?  Three days our friend hasn't been in a warm
wet pussy!  Look what's here waiting for you, Baby." 
She shifted a little to allow the skirt to hike
further up those beautiful thighs.  The tinted windows
prevented anyone seeing in, but there was plenty of
light for me to see Dawn wasn't wearing panties.

"But ... but, Maria?" I stammered.

"Your little hottie is a long way away, darling, and
you're so easily turned on.  Perhaps she doesn't
realize that she has trained you to be submit to
women, not just to herself.  Now, get your mouth down
here, Sweetheart, where it belongs."  I hesitated, but
could not resist.  Not only was I enflamed by the
sight of Dawn's abundant bush, I could smell her
arousal!  Thank God for bench seats and gearshifts on
the steering column was my last thought before burying
myself between her legs.

I was in a daze, lapping Dawn's oozing pussy as she
drove us home.  You can guess that the only lunch I
ate that day was Dawn's juicy snatch; though after
having me get her off more times than I could count,
she finally laid me back, mounted me, and rode me to
an amazing orgasm.  Then she cradled me in her arms
and let me suckle her abundant tits until I fell
asleep.

When I awoke in Dawn's arms, still in a post coital
daze, still sucking her amazing tits, she began to
tell me about Ken.  I knew her boyfriend was several
years younger than Dawn and quite the "macho" type
and.  I'd thought the relationship between this brainy
neurosurgeon and a construction worker strange.  It
was easily explained: the burly laborer totally
dominated Dawn sexually.  He was crude (though never
violent) and Dawn sometimes hated him, but she could
not resist letting him screw her silly.

"I never though it could happen to me, of course.  I
had been on duty for two days at the hospital and came
home to find no lights in my house.  Ken was the only
electrician who could come on short notice.  The
repair didn't take long and as I watched Ken's muscled
body gliding around my house, I realize just how horny
I was.  I had a doctor whom I was letting serve my
needs, but I hadn't had time for him in a week.  Ken
was young, hunky and here!  I came on to him a little;
that was all the invitation he needed.  In minutes he
had me stripped and braying in need before he fucked
my lights out."

Ken, of course, was delighted to find a woman as hot
and rich as Dawn and soon she let him move in.  "We're
totally incompatible and argue like cats and dogs, but
he always wins," she complained.  "All he has to do is
fondle a breast or pat my backside and all I can think
about is his hard cock in me.  After he fucks me for
an hour or so, I'll do anything he wants, make his car
payments, give him money for other women.  One time he
dressed me in some ridiculous heels and a little hussy
skirt and sent me to a hotel where a medical
convention was meeting, telling me to come onto some
of the delegates in the bar.  When Ken came in and
"caught" me with a fat old medic's hand down my blouse
and threatened him for touching 'his woman.'  Then he
berated me, asking if I couldn't go 'even one night
without 'getting fucked?'  Fortunately, no one
recognized me, but I was terribly humiliated -- and
tremendously turned on.  When he fucked me that night,
I nearly went crazy.  I can't refuse the bastard
anything!"  She was almost crying.  "Like you and with
Maria," she said.

"Is he going to make you pregnant?" I asked with
concern for this beautiful woman, now almost sobbing
in my arms.

"Oh, God!  He could, if he wanted to.  In a heartbeat,
if he made it a condition of my getting his cock in
me.  Maybe he thinks pregnant women don't fuck.  Or
maybe he just hasn't thought about it.  That would be
the end of everything," she wailed.  "He could make me
give up medicine and stay home making babies for him
in a fucking trailer, if he wanted to.  When his cock
is in me, I'm totally in his control."

I had always dreamed about a woman so hot for sex that
she was helpless.  Now I'd actually encountered one. 
It wasn't me that drove her insane, but it was
exciting to hear about just the same.

Her voice brought me back to reality.  "So you see, we
are both in the same boat, in a way.  But with your
help, I have a plan to free both me from Ken and you
from Maria."

"Tell me," I said, still struggling to comprehend what
she was saying.

"Easy, we will get Ken and Maria together.  With luck,
Maria will dominate Ken and keep him so busy, he won't
have time for me.  And keeping Ken nailed down should
have Maria so fully occupied, she won't have time for
you!"

"I guess it could work," agreed.  "How do we do get
them together?"

"I don't believe Ken and I have ever had our new
neighbors over for dinner.  What do you say the Friday
after Maria returns?"

"Dinner is fine, but how do we make sure they go for
each other, much less that Maria 'comes out on top?'"

"Ken is always on the lookout for new conquests, the
s. o. b. and I think Maria will see Ken as a
challenge, especially if you plant the seed.  I'll try
to provoke Ken without satisfying him, while you to
see that Maria is well fucked when she arrives."  I
must have looked puzzled.  "So Ken will be horny and
vulnerable and Maria will be satisfied and in control
of herself," Dawn explained.

Dawn and I continued to fuck whenever Ken was gone
until Maria returned.  No longer being so completely
in Maria's thrall made me a more vigorous lover and
she appreciated it, though she wondered why the
change.  "Because I missed you so much," I lied.

Several days after Maria and I got Dawn's invitation,
I began to feign concern.  "Are you sure we ought to
go, Honey?  I hear Ken is a real pig; I wouldn't be
surprised if he tried to seduce you that night.  What
if he wants to make you into a sex pet like Dawn?"

"You know about Ken and Dawn?" Maria laughed.  "Don't
worry, amorcito, I'm not so easily dominated as that
oversexed cow.  I prefer having men serving ME,
remember!  Now come here and fuck me, Sweetie."

Maybe we both had the same thing in mind, but the
afternoon before the dinner Maria fucked me long and
hard, satiating herself with my tongue and cock before
getting dressed.

Dawn met us at the door in a short green cocktail
dress, matching green elbow-length gloves, and
three-inch heels that made her taller than I.  Maria
had chosen an even shorter red miniskirt and five-inch
heels.  The word "firecracker" came to mind.  Ken's
eyes lit up when he saw her.  Dawn and I sat back to
watch the battle of wills as Maria and Ken flirted and
sparred during the light dinner.  "I need some help
cleaning up and those two are having too much fun. 
You're volunteered, David," Dawn said as she ushered
Ken and Maria into the living room for liqueurs.  Of
course we withdrew only to watch.

After several rounds of drinks, Ken had his arms
around Maria and his tongue down her throat.  Too late
we realized that wine and after-dinner aperitifs had
been a mistake.  The alcohol affected Maria's smaller
body more than it did Ken's.  There was nothing
feigned about Maria's giggling arousal as Ken kissed
the hot little woman and fondled her tits.  Then,
sooner than we could have imagined Maria stopped
giggling and started moaning.  Ken's hand was up her
skirt and I knew there was nothing between his
intrusive fingers and her warm slick pussy.

Almost instantly Dawn's macho lover had the tipsy
woman panting, seconds away form an orgasm that would
obliterate any chance of getting Ken under her
control.  His fingers in Maria's snatch were whipping
her up into headlong rut.  "Ken, oh Ken, Baby!  Oh
Ken," she was gasping.  He had her blouse off and was
playing with her boobs like a maniacal engineer,
turning up the controls of a boiler that was already
about to burst.  "OH, Ken, that feels so good.  My
titties!  Ken, suck my titties.  Suck me, baby!"

Ken fell on her breasts like a wolf on a lamb's neck. 
Maria flinched with the additional jolt of pleasure,
but somehow held onto her sanity.  She moaned and
pulled his face tighter against her breasts.  "Yes,
Ken, suck me, suck me good.  It feels so wonderful ...
sucking me."

Suddenly, Dawn squeezed my hand.  We realized that Ken
had all but stopped fingering Maria.  His eyes were
closed and his face was growing more peaceful than
predatory by the second as Maria cooed in his ear. 
"That's good, Kenny Baby, suck my titties.  It feels
so good, so relaxing."

"She's hypnotizing him and he going under," Dawn
exclaimed with admiration under her breath.  Much
later we learned that Maria had rubbed her tits with
scopolamine she'd brought back from her home country. 
"It's a powerful narcotic," Dawn explained, "that
makes the victim very susceptible to suggestion."

"Are you tired, Sweetie?" she whispered.  "Is nursing
from Maria's big soft breasts making little Kenny
sleepy?  That's OK, Kenny, Baby.  You just suck my
breasts and I'll help you go to sleep."  Deftly Maria
unzipped Ken's chinos and opened his pants.  Out
popped the largest, most erect penis I'd ever seen. 
No wonder Dawn went crazy when that monster attacked. 
Now, however, it was not attacking, but wobbling
about, blind and vulnerable.

Maria took his prick in her small hand.  Ken moaned
but continued sucking peacefully.  "Poor baby, you
can't sleep with a big hard-on like this.  Let Maria
make you soft, Baby."  Maria looked up and saw us
watching and winked in triumph.  "You need a good come
to make you sleep, don't you Kenny?  You want Maria to
make you come so her poor baby can go to sleep."  Ken
was moaning louder - could it have been a futile
protest? - but he continued to cling to Maria's narrow
waist and to nurse as she began masturbating him
faster.  "Come for Maria, Kenny.  COME!"

Suddenly Ken's prick erupted, firing globs of jism in
all directions.  Some landed on Maria's face, which
she licked up, but most she directed at her boobs and
Ken's sucking mouth.  Unknowing or uncaring, he let
her push his own come into his mouth.

I supposed that was the end, but the grinning Maria
was not through with the large man who now lay spent
in happy defeat on her knees.  "Ken, Baby," she
whispered in his ear.  "Don't sleep yet.  I've got
something else to give you."  Maria had unsnapped her
skirt and wiggled out of it so Ken's head lay just
inches from her dark bush.  "My pussy, Honey, my pussy
wants you to drink her juice."

It was hard to tell if Ken was asleep or just dazed,
but he didn't resist as Maria gently pushed his head
between her legs.  "That's it Baby, kiss my pussy. 
You love my pussy, Kenny.  You love the taste of me. 
That's a good Baby ...yes."  Ken must have been awake
by now, though entranced, because he was vigorously
lapping and kissing Maria's flowing box.  "Yes, Baby,
eat me.  Make me come and I'll give you a big reward."

The reward wasn't long in coming.  Ken must have found
her clit, because Maria suddenly spasmed and shrieked
as she jammed Ken's face hard against her crotch. 
"Yes, Baby!  Eat my come, Kenny.  Eat me!"  Maria
herself closed her eyes and leaned back allowing Ken
to continue servicing her.

I was in the kitchen door with my arms around Dawn's
voluptuous body, kissing her neck and fondling her
boobs.  "It worked, darling.  She has him!"

Dawn laughed.  "No doubt about that!  After a night of
sleepy sex with Maria, Ken will be her puppy dog.  He
may be already; I've never been able to get him to go
down on ME.  God she's a sexy witch.  No wonder you
didn't have a chance, darling.  That was so hot,
seeing him seduce and hypnotize him, I need to fuck! 
Come on, sweetheart; she'll find the guestroom on her
own.  I want you in MY bed."

I was horny, too, even though Maria had fucked me just
a few hours ago, so I didn't object.  God it was nice
to be following Dawn's sexy swaying ass, letting her
lead me to her bedroom again, knowing we had all the
time in the world to make love.  She turned to me by
the bed and kissed me sweetly.  "Get me ready lover." 
I knew what she meant.  I licked her ears and kissed
her lovely shoulders and slipped the straps of her
cocktail dress off.  The flimsy garment fell to the
floor and Dawn smiled, having on neither panties nor
bra beneath it.  She was still in her stockings and
heels, however, so I didn't have to lean down much to
take a nipple, stiff with her lust, into my mouth.

Much as we both enjoyed my kissing her breasts, I
didn't tarry, but continued south, my tongue tracing
its way down her tummy, pausing to ream her navel and
proceed to her moist furry cunt.  I had dropped to my
knees now and Dawn spread her legs to receive the
worship of my lips.  She came twice, filling my mouth
with her copious spend before pulling me to my feet
and starting to undress me urgently.  "I'm going to
fuck you so good, David.  So good!" she promised.

She didn't lie.  In seconds I was stripped and
mounted, but Dawn took her time with me.  (Two hard
comes on my tongue had taken a bit of the edge off for
her, but not me.)  She was fucking me slowly, not
letting me come, just making it nice.  "Are you happy
the way things worked out, darling," she asked, some
loving mischief in her eye.

"Of course, Love, being in bed with you, both of us
free at last; I couldn't be happier."

"You don't mind having an older woman fuck you?" she
asked.

"I LOVE having YOU fuck me," I responded.

It seemed to be the right answer, for her smile
brightened.  "Well that's good, because I have a
little confession, David."  The pleasure of her warm
pussy engulfing me slowly riding up and down made
worry impossible, but I opened my eyes inquiringly. 
"You said WE were free, but that's not quite true,
sweetie.  YOU still need a sexy woman to dominate you,
David.  You can't give this up."  She squeezed my
prick with her cunt muscles, bringing me to the brink.
 "Some woman will do that and make you her slave,
David.  *I* intend to be the woman who receives your
sweet, submissive love.  I want you for my lover and
my toy and..." she accelerated her fucking just
slightly.  "I want you to make me pregnant."

"Oh, Dawn," I croaked.  I don't know if it was
surprise, or protest, or helpless joy.  Her slick
pussy grasping, massaging my prick made it impossible
to think.

"Did you forget the condom, David?" she grinned down
at me.  "Were you so eager to let me take you to bed,
you didn't take precautions?  Or maybe not, darling,"
she went on, smirking.  "Maybe you sensed I'm fertile
tonight.  Don't you want to knock me up, David?  Make
a baby with me?  Make my tummy swell with your child? 
Drink from my milky tits?  All you have to do is come
in me, darling.  Come!"

The ecstasy of Dawn riding me closer, ever closer to
orgasm and the invitation to put a baby into this
magnificent, sexy woman were too much.  I exploded
into her womb and felt her orgasm in response.  She
collapsed into my arms, sobbing for joy.  "Yes,
darling, yes.  Give me a baby, a baby, your baby."

We fucked several more times that night and again when
we awoke the next morning.  Even as we listened to the
commotion of Ken and Maria going at it in the next
room, Dawn and I began making plans for the wedding.

It took me longer than I'd hoped, partly because Dawn
was busy working and she Maria decided to make it a
double ceremony.  Then, too, it took time to bring
Maria's mother and sisters and countless girl cousins
to the States.  Both brides wore white, but I don't
think anyone could ignore the definite bulge under
Dawn's wedding gown or perhaps the smaller one under
Maria's.

The highpoint of the reception was a showing of
"Pearls Before Wine," which everyone really enjoyed,
especially those men who had never eaten pussy before.
 Several of Dawn's professional girlfriends found
sweet, docile mates among David's friends and were
soon sporting large bellies of their own.  Maria's
sisters and cousins all acquired clever-tongued
boyfriends among the doctors and interns that night
and within weeks one after another was turning up
pregnant.  Dr. Morton, the head of surgery at the
hospital was quite taken by Maria's mother.  His
ex-wife had never let him eat her and Teresa had the
hairiest, juiciest cunt he's ever tasted.  He proposed
even before the forty-five year old woman told him
they were going to have a "bebecito."  Soon we were
flooded with announcements of weddings and baby
showers, though usually the other way around.

*************

Well, I guess everything has worked out for the best. 
Dawn, though just a shade less demanding than Maria,
is plenty hot enough to keep me fucked out of my mind.
 I never have to beg her for sex, to wear sexy
lingerie or none at all, to try new positions, to do
it in the daytime, or with the lights on.  And when
she's pregnant, she likes to play even more.  Once
when she was already huge with our third, she called
me to come down to the hospital and had me "give her
some relief" bent over a laundry cart.  She also loves
the way I relax her when she arrives tired from a long
day of surgery, worshiping her pussy through several
soft orgasms.

Also, I have more in common with Dawn than I had with
Maria.  Dawn, being a romantic domme, likes to dress
up and go out ballroom dancing or to plays or theater
or ballet.  We hold hands and gaze into each other's
eyes over candlelit dinners and read sexy stories
aloud in bed; Homer Vargas is one of our favorites.
[2]  She's continued with her career, taking over from
Dr. Morton when he retired to play Daddy for his and
Teresa's growing family.  The additional money makes
it easy for Dawn to support us, as my job disappeared
in the dot-com bust.  Dawn is happy for me to stay
home, anyway, and take care of the babies she has been
giving me every year.

We have remained friends with Ken and Maria and even
Ken would have to admit he's better off as Maria's pet
than as Dawn's dom.  Maria took him in hand and really
smoothed out the rough spots.  With her discipline,
Ken turned his electrician's job into a small but very
successful electrical contracting firm.  On the
outside Ken and Maria look like the typical, happy
young couple.  Ken goes out and makes lots of money
while Maria stays home and makes lots of little brown
babies.  Of course Dawn and I know that every so often
Maria likes to tie Ken up and play "evil dominatrix"
games with him.  She evidently plans these events
carefully and Ken must enjoy them, too: several of
their children were conceived that way.

Oh, well, I'd better stop to get dinner ready.  Dawn
told me she wants it to be "special" tonight.  I know
what time of her cycle it is, so I guess in about nine
months, we'll be having another baby for me to take
care of.

I love my life.

The End

Comments, please, to 
Homer Vargas
Vargas111@yahoo.com 

Footnotes:

[1] Dee Dee's and my story, "Pearls Before Wine," has
not yet been made into a feature-length film.  Cecil
B. de Mille would have been the perfect director,
except that he didn't do XXX-rated movies and he's
dead.  I was thinking of casting Iman as Queen Fanura
and Russell Crow as Marcus, the Emperor, but so far,
no money men have approached me for the rights.

[2] Homer Vargas stories can be found at
http://www.asstr.org/~Vargas/stories.html 
http://www.eroticstories.com 
http://www.storiesonline.net and
http://www.mcstories.com
