Rollin and Cinnamon stumbled out into a spacious suite with velvet-covered benches and tapestries hanging from the walls. Inside stood Halia and several of her guards. The princess, who wore a triumphant expression, broke into a smile when she saw them.

"I did lock you in a room with a bed as a courtesy," she teased. Pulling away from Rollin, Cinnamon smoothed her hair and straightened her dress, but he was too dazed to attend to such niceties. "Now you will have to wait until you leave Anchise."

"You mean...you're going to let us go?"

Halia's smile turned feral. "Your friends have been most helpful unmasking my enemies. Can you believe that my own Minister of Culture was involved in a plot to sell nuclear warheads to a Middle Eastern terrorist who shall remain nameless? His interrogation was most enlightening -- he actually believed that Rowland Hall and Serena Navarre were working with me! And that lovely dark man who is so skilled at disarming missiles -- I am sorry I did not meet him at the party before I met you, Mr. Hall. Think of the time we could have saved."

"Your minister was trying to sell the missiles?" Cinnamon asked. "Wouldn't that leave his own country vulnerable?"

"Anchise has no use for nuclear arms." Halia waved her hand dismissively. "Even as defensive weapons, they serve no purpose for us. A single blast could destroy our only city. But to others, those arms are worth a fortune, not just in cash but power and alliances. For some time my minister has not been content to be the cultural leader of a tourist nation whose primary function is to serve as a playground for the elite of other countries. I have no illusions about the relative value of our charity work and high literacy rate. We sit in this fertile zone between the dying imperial might of Europe and the fading glory of what was once Byzantium. Even the most powerful among us watch the East and West manipulate smaller nations all over the globe, and long for control at least within our own sphere."

"But the missiles are disarmed?" Rollin had no desire to debate politics with her, so relieved was he that the primary purpose of their mission -- to safeguard innocent people from those weapons -- might succeed after all. "You know that was all we were working for?"

"I would have to be very naive to believe world peace was all you were working for," Halia scoffed. "You work for the mighty capitalist empire, trying to remake the globe in your own image of it. But do not be afraid, Rowland -- is it Rowland?"

With a glance at Cinnamon, he admitted, "It used to be Ron."

"Ah. Whatever your real names are, I have set you and Miss Navarre free. Photographs of you are circulating to every intelligence agency in the world. Interpol now has your voices on file. Your career as an espionage agent is finished, as is your lover's. Congratulations!"

Still at his side, Cinnamon slumped against Rollin. "Why?" she demanded.

"Need you ask? Because your capitalist foreign policy will backfire. Because when you interfere and meddle, when you keep tin-pot dictators in power based on a misguided fear of global socialism, when you support your country's oil interests in countries where thousands of children are starving, you cannot claim to support liberty and justice for all. One day your secret weapons platforms and germ warfare experiments will return to haunt you with a vengeance. And believe it or not..." Sadly Halia shook her head at Rollin. "I like you. I believed that love story you spun for me about the woman you could not have. I am a prisoner of politics, but you do not have to be." The princess stepped in close. "Find another path. Follow your sin."

With a dramatic sweep of her arm, Halia stalked out of the room, followed by her men. Too late Rollin and Cinnamon rushed forward, but the door had already locked behind the guards. Cinnamon sat down heavily on the nearest bench, which resembled a high-backed double throne.

"What's going to happen to us?"

"You mean today, or after?"

"Our covers are blown. I can't ever model again; I'll be recognized. We can't go to Hollywood unless we change our faces. We can't ever work for any government agency..." Her voice faded out, and she pondered in silence for a moment. Yet when she spoke it was in her usual even manner. "She's destroyed us just as surely as if she'd executed us."

"But we're alive," Rollin added, sitting beside her. He couldn't yet get his brain to assimilate the idea that he had completed his last mission for the IMF, but surprisingly, he felt very little sorrow -- he was still with Cinnamon, that was what mattered. "We didn't fail in Anchise. The missiles are disarmed. And no one's ever going to send you on a mission again where someone can pump you up with drugs and torture you in an airless cage."

Cinnamon didn't bother to hide the shudder that went through her, but she kept her gaze focused. "I survived that."

"You almost didn't. We almost didn't either. Do you know what it would have done to our group if Jim had decided not to go back for you? I would have found a way. Maybe Barney and Willie too. Maybe we've all been working together for too long, Cin, because I don't consider any of them expendable for a mission. Do you?"

"I don't know. Right now I don't know anything. What are we going to do?"

"We could sail around the Cape of Good Hope." He said it on a whim, but she stared at him as if he might mean it. "We could go on one of those digs in Africa where they're trying to find the first man. We could join a touring theater company in the Maritime Provinces. If you really miss being on the front line, maybe the army could use us in Southeast Asia. Or we could step over the line and become gun-runners. We'll have to have new identities, but we're still actors -- we can fool people into thinking we're qualified to do a lot of different things. What do you want to do?"

"Cure cancer," snapped Cinnamon, but her face was pensive. "Become the first woman on the moon. Earn a fortune marketing cosmetics." Tossing her hair, she looked at Rollin. "Climb Mount Everest. Live on the beach and sell pottery. Maybe we could recreate Amelia Earhart's flight around the world -- no, too much publicity. Well, maybe we could find her plane." She paused. "Sailing around the Cape doesn't sound too bad. How would we get the money?"

Before Rollin could answer, the door opened again. In walked Jim, Willie and Barney, though all three averted their eyes when they saw Cinnamon and Rollin sitting together on the loveseat-shaped throne. "Halia had us brought up here," Phelps explained. "She's busy interrogating the Minister of Culture. The guards are going to bring us food while she works out the details, then she claims we're all going to be released. I guess things didn't work out so badly."

"You disarmed the missiles?" Rollin asked Barney, wanting to hear it confirmed from his colleague. Barney smiled and nodded, sinking into one of the low chairs across the room as he launched into a play-by-play of what had happened. The Minister of Culture's assertion that the IMF members must have been working for Halia. Jim's use of the nerve gas to knock out their interrogators, only to discover when they tried to escape that the chamber had false walls. Their recognition of Halia's IMF-style unmasking of the minister by planting her spies in the outer chamber, allowing her to discover which members of her own government had designs on the weapons. Halia's unrepentant explanation of their detention, along with another lecture on the future consequences of superpower meddling in foreign affairs. Jim's conclusion that regardless of her politics, they had been fed false intel on the princess' intentions concerning the missiles. His offer to assist her, all the while disavowing any prior knowledge of espionage in Anchise. Their reluctant agreement to trust each other. The dismantling of the warheads.

A knock on the door interrupted the three men, who were in turn talking over one another trying to chronicle the events for Rollin and Cinnamon. In walked one of the palace staff, carrying a tray of junk food and cigarettes. That was a surprise. Rollin looked into the man's kind face, with dark brows and enigmatic, lively eyes, and felt certain he must be the beloved servant Halia had told him about. But he said nothing as the man deposited the snacks on a table and left.

"Halia is eager to work with our intelligence forces to protect the interests of Anchise," said Jim. "But before she knew what we were working for, she sent data of the two of you to every intelligence network on the globe. Photos, voice prints, possibly fingerprints. The KGB will be able to identify you instantly. So will the PLO. Rollin, Cinnamon, I'm sorry -- I'm afraid you're going to have to lie low. Probably permanently."

"She told us." Cinnamon's voice did not waver as she knocked a cigarette loose from a pack and let Rollin light it for her. "What will happen to us, Jim? I assume people don't just retire from being agents. I'm a model, Rollin's an actor, those are both very visible professions. What do you expect us to do?"

"It's already being taken care of. You'll have to leave Anchise with your current passports -- those of Rowland Hall and Serena Navarre. By the time you land at home, you'll have new identities. I assume you followed orders and you never told your families your cover names, so you should be safe making contact with them. But you're correct, Cinnamon -- your career as a model is finished. So is yours as an actor, Rollin. Of course you'll be compensated for your losses. The IMF will also provide new papers, references, everything you need to start with new jobs."

Jim looked sad. Cinnamon fixed him with a long, piercing stare, waving smoke in the air. "How do we know they won't come looking for us?"

"As long as you keep a low profile, you should be safe from any foreign investigations..."

"No. How do we know the agency won't come looking for us?"

"Cinnamon!"

"Don't 'Cinnamon' me." Emphatically she dropped the cigarette to the stone floor and ground it out with her shoe. "I know what's at stake here and so do you. No matter where we go, there's always the danger we could be caught or killed and compromise the IMF. You know we would never betray you, but we've never even met the secretary. We're not even sure which secretary we work for. I don't want to have to be watching our backs for our own people. I want your word, Jim."

"You've got it. When you're out, you're out. But that works both ways. You can have no contact with anyone you might have encountered through the IMF, inside or outside -- no business opportunities, no freelance work. Once we leave Anchise, I'm going to have to ask that you never make contact with anyone in this room again, including me."

Beside Rollin, Cinnamon inhaled sharply, glancing at Willie and Barney who looked just as stricken as she did. Ignoring the tightness in his own gut, Rollin put an arm protectively around her. "If we're both on the outside, there's no reason we can't see each other, is there?"

Though he raised an eyebrow, Jim fixed a look on Rollin that suggested he'd already known the question was coming. "That's your own business. But be careful. We've all worked together for a long time but we've worn a lot of masks."

"Jim, is our not being able to contact one another an official statement you're supposed to make?" interrupted Barney. "I mean, if Rollin and I were to accidentally run into each other on a golf course..."

"...then the Secretary better never find out about it," finished Jim with half a smile.

Another knock on the door interrupted the discussion. The handsome staff member from the kitchen had returned, carrying their confiscated belongings, including Jim's empty nerve gas flagon and Cinnamon's handbag. "Wait," called Rollin. "Cin, have you got any perfume with you?"

Puzzled, she dug inside the purse until she produced a vial of "My Sin." Rollin took it and rose, gesturing the tall servant to the opposite corner of the room.

"Take this," he said quietly. "Tonight, late, when no one else is around, give it to the princess. Bring it to her personally. Tell her the goofball Yankee said she should take some of her own advice. Tell her not to worry about what her court thinks. Will you remember that?" Though the man looked a bit skeptical, he did not appear to be confused by the instructions. "Please. I won't get a chance to apologize to her personally and her happiness is very important to me. Do you understand?"

The loyal servant of the princess glanced from Rollin to Cinnamon and back. "I understand," he nodded.

"Thank you. From both of us."

The man nodded stiffly once more. "If you are ready, I am to escort you from the palace."