

My Birthday Gift from Aunt

Hi  I'm Raj 23 years old, 5.8 inches tall, fair in color with average body. I had sex with my aunt (dad sis) her name is Radhika and 42 years old and she looks like Hindi actress Hemamalini, the incident starts like it's a matter of before 6 months, her husband is a doctor and remains busy with his work, and she had only son and he is doing MS in States.
She had huge house with swimming pool very rich but she was unhappy because of her loneliness she didn't had company even to talk and share her feelings, so she often comes to home and spend time with my mom do gossips and helps my mom in kitchen work. I like her from the beginning but never had sexual feeling for her. Once she was at my house kitchen helping  my mom. I've got the chance to see her cleavage they were awesome!
From that day I started thinking about her and masturbate every night, after few days my sexual feeling for her were in peak that I wanted to have sex with her in any ways so from then I started going to her place often, she liked my company that sometimes if she feels lonely or bored she always call me for company. After two months we become very good friends that I use to take her for movies and for lunch and dinner.
We use to share all things and become very frank like friends that we never hide anything from each other even forgot that there is age gap between us and she is my aunt just a month back my birthday came she wished me first, and in the morning I went to her house as usual, she asked me what gift I want, I told leave you can't afford, she told I am rich women tell me I can afford, then she forced me to tell.
I told her that I wanna to have sex with her tonight in a very low voice, she was shocked hearing all this before she could say anything my friends called out for a treat so I left the place but my mind was thinking that what she would be thinking about me, I called her many times but she didn't pick the phone I messaged her even but she didn't response me. I was sad for the whole day that I hurt her later around 9 pm she messaged me that before I reach home.
I must meet her and she called me to her house I went to her place the doors were open nobody was there. I called her again she told me to close the door and come to swimming pool side. I closed the door and went towards swimming pool and swimming pool door was closed. I knocked the door, she open the door and I was surprised that she has arranged a candle light dinner for me.
I understood that she is not angry on me, she was looking beautiful, she was wearing white saree and white blouse with deep neck and open from back side her perfume was smelling awesome as she opened the door she greeted me inside to cut the cake as I cut the cake she pushed my face in cake and my face was full of cake. Then she turned me around her hold my face and smooch me to eat that cake sticking in my lips then we sat in chair to have candle light dinner.
I was already full stomach she told no for food, she came near me sat on my laps and removed her saree and showing me her blouse and asked me if I want her then I should I dinner with her for that reason I had dinner little after dinner she took me to room and asked me to wait in room mean while she will take bath and come after 10 min she finished taking bath she shouted inside the bathroom asking to me to kneel down.
I asked her why, she told me to just obey her order. Then I kneeled down, she told me close my eyes. I closed my eyes, she came in front of me in towel covering her pussy and boobs still my eyes were closed slightly, she put her one side thighs in my shoulder then told me to open my eyes wide, she was looking stunning in wet hair and her complete legs were waxed she hold my hair and told me that if I can have sex with her any time she wants then only She will allow me to have it even I have any urgent work I should leave all of them to satisfy her need in such position couldn't say anything and told yes I will be her slave.
She liked my words, she pushed my face towards her pussy and made suck them, they felt awesome then after sucking her pussy for 15 min she raised my face holding my hair towards her boobs and asked me to remove her towel and make her completely naked.
I did it she awesome and I started kissing them badly and sucking them like anything then told me to stand up I stood and she removed my pants and gave a blowjob for three shots. I was completely tired after three shots and she was also tired. We both slept naked on each other for whole night, again in the morning I was still sleeping when she got up and went inside the bath room to take shower.
She didn't lock the door I've heard the water flashing when I've get out of the bed I saw her nakedness inside the bathroom that makes me hard again ,When she saw my angry cock she requested to fuck her in the bathtub, we soak in the tub for an hour and fucked her twice. Now I am complete slave of her beauty I do what all she says me and I'm really enjoying it. 