Jack’s Flat

Jack led Ianto back to his flat. Ianto waited as Jack unlocked the door before they stumbled, together, into Jack’s hallway. They laughed as they fell, Jack landing on Ianto’s back. Ianto eased his way out from under Jack, rolling over, before taking Jack into his arms and kissing him deeply.

Their lips parted. Jack pushed himself up, his eyes meeting Ianto’s.

“Better shut the front door,” he kissed Ianto’s nose. “And move somewhere more comfortable... ” Jack got to his feet, offering Ianto a hand. Ianto took it, pulling Jack back down on top of him. He flipped Jack so he was under him, kissing him fiercely whilst grinding against him.

“Door... Ianto... Need to... close the... door.” Jack managed, between kisses. Ianto rolled off Jack, allowing him to stand. Jack closed the door, and switched the light on. He took a deep breath, before turning back. Ianto still lay on the floor, his erection obvious from the tenting in his trousers. Jack groaned.

“Ianto. Before we go any further can we... can we talk?” Jack sounded serious. Ianto stood, re-arranging his trousers. Jack led him into the living room. “Coffee? Something stronger?”

Ianto managed a weak smile. “Coffee. Unless I’m going to need something stronger.”

As Jack made coffee, Ianto nosed round Jack’s living room. His DVD collection was up to date and varied, which surprised Ianto. They were ordered by catalogue number, which didn’t surprise him! Jack’s stereo was modern, with a fitting for a MP3 player, as well as a CD player and digital radio. Books lined the back wall of the room, ordered as Ianto would have expected.

Jack returned with coffee as Ianto studied his CDs. Placing both mugs on his coffee table, he smiled, apologetically, at Ianto.

“I’m sorry. It’s not as good as Owen’s. I’ve never been good at coffee.” Jack was nervous, fidgety.

“Jack. What’s wrong?” Ianto pleaded with his eyes. “Please tell me.”

Jack slumped onto his couch, head falling back, eyes closed. He looked defeated, and Ianto could not understand why.

Taking Jack’s hand, Ianto knelt in front of him. “Please Jack.”

Ianto’s sincerity broke Jack. Tears welled in his eyes, and he shook with silent sobs.

“God, Ianto,” Jack, managed to look at Ianto. “I want this so much, but... but... ” Jack trailed off, sniffing.

“But what Jack? Please. Have you changed your mind? Do you want me to go?”

Jack grabbed Ianto’s hands. “No. No! It’s not that. It’s just... I’veneverbeenwithamanbefore.” Having admitted what his problem was, Jack slumped again, expecting Ianto to leave.

Ianto smiled, relief sweeping over him. “Is that all that’s wrong?” He sat beside Jack, on his couch, pulling him close.

Jack wiped his eyes. “I thought you wouldn’t want me if you knew I was still a... a... virgin.”

Ianto held him, his embrace warm and reassuring. He chuckled, before turning Jack’s face to him, and kissing him oh so very gently. Ianto smiled as their eyes met, lust evident, longing evident, but care also evident for Jack to see.

“Can I tell you a secret?” Jack nodded, waiting for Ianto to continue. “I’ve never been all the way with a man before. I did some experimenting at Uni., but the furthest I ever went was giving someone a blowjob.”

“Really?”

“Really. We do this at your pace. I don’t care if it takes a week or months for us to, you know, have sex. There’s plenty of other stuff we can do. Build up to it... ”

“Ianto?”

“Jack.”

“Shut up and take me to bed.”