"Go Victor! It's yer birthday..."

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Game, Chapter 13 (MF, FF, caution, interr, mc, nc, oral, impreg)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

I did some online research. Sheena (the blonde cheerleader I'd fucked because she reminded me of Lily while we'd been fighting) had been the first of my sexual partners to have some of her wiped memories bleed through, if only momentarily. I found that Sheena was working as a waitress in town, but I didn't want to chance her remembering me again.

I found the 'gram account for Tabby, Lily's Black cheerleader friend. She'd had a baby boy she actually named Jesus...her family really did think he was the Second Coming, as she didn't remember ever having sex! That boy had lighter skin than hers thanks to me, and seemed happy, I guess because the entire family doted on him as the new messiah. I shook my head and scrolled some more, my eyes drawn to Tabby's pregnancy-enhanced rack...

No, I had to focus! It seemed that Tabby was still living at home but I couldn't think of a good reason to track her down. That avenue would have to remain unfollowed for now.

What else? Sheena and Bex couldn't be less alike in personality, so that wasn't it. Officer Lopez likewise had a personality completely disparate from the other two. Trent had said that he let the women he 'activated' decide how they'd fuck me, so it seemed that Officer Lopez was a naturally dominant woman. I wondered if it was because of a strong mind, but then I remembered Sheena the cheerleader...definitely not! The girl's grades had been a C+ average at best.

I was spinning my wheels...I needed to clear my head! I stepped through my bedroom door and bumped right into my sister Gina, her own pregnancy-improved rack bouncing off of my slim chest. I hadn't been this physically close to her since the last time she had hypnotically forced me to have sex with her, and as we both gasped in surprise, her scent filled my nose.

Her wide, confused eyes searched mine. What was going on? By this point she should be yelling at me to get out of her fucking way. I could feel my penis starting to respond to the warmth and closeness of her body.

She reached up to touch my cheek. "Victor?"

"Um!" I quickly pulled back into my room and slammed the door in her face. Gina too!? I returned to my list: Sheena, Bex, Officer Lopez, and now Gina. Sheena was blonde, Bex and Gina were brown-haired, and Officer Lopez had dark brown hair...Officer Lopez was older than the other three. Ugh, what was it? Astrological signs? Wait...two of them...

...had gotten pregnant! Trent was shooting blanks and was having no problems with the updated script. That lined up! But Sheena and Officer Lopez hadn't gotten pregnant...or had they? Sheena had gone away for summer break and wasn't with child when she came back, so could she have gotten an abortion like Bex did?

HIPAA violations be damned, I hacked into the hospital records. Lopez...Lopez...there! Officer Lopez had a baby girl over a year ago and gave it up for adoption. But what about Sheena?

I mentally kicked myself...duh! I pulled out the Master Console, searched her up, and then sent my question: had she gotten pregnant a year-and-a-half ago? A minute later I got my answer: yep! I confirmed that she had indeed gone off that summer to visit family in California where abortion was quick and easy. Given that I'd only been fucking Sheena for about a week before her wiped memories bled through, I must have knocked her up right away.

So what was it? Pregnancy hormones, maybe? Some physiological difference in their bodies that Trent would never have encountered unless he had sex with a pregnant woman. I pulled up the chat and let him know.

*Yeah, never fucked a preggo* he sent back, *They fat*

I rolled my eyes. Yep, that was Trent: classy.

*Guess you'll have to make sure you don't knock any more up* he sent helpfully.

*Yeah, thanks Trent*

---

I hoped that it was the custom scripts in combination with pregnancy. I didn't relish having to carry condoms around. It was crazy, but I'd never actually used one of those stupid things and I didn't want to start now. I resolved to just stick with the tried-and-true basic scripts while continuing my rampage of unprotected sex.

I stayed away from my sister as much as possible until winter break was over and then back to university I went. I also made sure to avoid the women I had used Trent's new sexual aggression script on, like Ms. Kincaid, that Chinese girl, and Owen's girlfriend Mari.

At least that had been the plan. Unfortunately, once I woke up to the sound of Owen and Mari fucking in our room again, my hard-on decided to chance it so that the sexy Latina was bouncing on my cock after Owen fell asleep, the hypnotized girl taking another dangerous load up inside her before she went back to her own dorm.

---

Weeks passed. My plan seemed to be working, and then I came back to my dorm room to find Mari on her knees next to my bed, a confused look on her face as she caressed my bedsheets.

I froze. "Mari?"

She turned her head and looked at me, her eyes far away. "I'm pregnant, Victor."

"What!?" I heard a flush and Owen stepped out of the washroom. "You're pregnant? But we always used condoms!"

"Um...they're not 100% guaranteed," I added helpfully.

"Fuck! Fuck fuck fuck..." Owen grabbed his head and paced back and forth. "This can't be happening..."

Mari stood up. "Don't worry about it, Owen; I'll take care of it." Then she headed toward me.

I stepped back to let her out of the room. As she got close, she paused, looked into my eyes, and it almost seemed like she was going to kiss me, but then she blinked and walked away, tears spilling down her face.

That wasn't confirmation, I told myself, as I had used Trent's custom script on Mari at first. Until one of the women who I used the basic script on started acting weird, my theory was holding.

But the mental boat I had built around myself seemed to be leaking, and those leaks looked a lot like Mari's tears.

---

Mari stopped seeing Owen, of course...his outburst at her pregnancy reveal had been pretty shitty. That didn't stop him from bringing a revolving door of gorgeous women to our room, and many of them played SpiritWalk, so when they woke me up, his nocturnal visitor helped me get back to sleep afterward. He didn't stick with any of them very long, though, which was fine by me...well, except for one.

Her name was Felicity and she had the body of a goddess. She was actually a third year student with platinum blonde hair, built like a tall Marilyn Monroe, and she had a pussy that held onto my dick like it never wanted to let go. Owen saw that I was disappointed when he told me that she wouldn't be coming around anymore.

He lay back on his bed. "Yeah, she said that she was actually a lesbian but wanted to try it with a guy once." He turned and gave me a grin. "She 'tried me out' three times, so I'm not complaining!"

I had wondered before if the Master Console would work with lesbians, and if Felicity was to be believed, it seemed it did. Or maybe she was bisexual with lesbian leanings? Or maybe she just got bored with Owen and wanted an easy out? I pulled out the Master Console. With a quick hypnotic question, I had my answer from her: she did, in fact, believe that she was a lesbian.

I had Felicity meet me at the top of the library maintenance stairway and then used my copy of the master key to give us access to the roof. It was Spring, so the weather was getting nicer. I had her get on her knees to blow me for a bit, as I was a little nervous about being outside for this, but you have to expand your horizons, right? I knew that none of the security cameras would catch us here, and since it was evening, people on the ground were unlikely to notice us up there.

As a lesbian, she wasn't very good at giving blowjobs, but she didn't really have to be. Once the gorgeous platinum blonde had me ready, I had her remove her blouse and bra and pull down her skirt. She had worn garters and stockings! She unfastened the garters to get her underwear off and then hooked them back up before moving to grab ahold of the wall at the edge of the roof. With barely any work, I managed to slip my cock up inside the self-declared lesbian.

"Ooh..." she moaned as I situated myself inside her hot, wet hole. Once her lubrication was sufficiently spread around, I took a hold of those rounded hips and started hammering into her.

"Uh!" she gasped. "Uh-uh-uh..."

I had gone for months without any problems with the Master Console basic scripts, so my theory was holding. Of course, a lesbian's not going to be on birth control, so what I was doing was particularly dangerous. I didn't care...her vagina was the nicest I'd ever felt, warm and welcoming, and it gripped my cock as I pulled back, as if her body didn't want to let me go.

I reached around to massage her C-cups as I fucked her. This was the life! I looked out over the campus and felt like a goddamn king. Here I am, my subjects...I invoke prima nocta for every woman in my kingdom, starting with this one...

I tweaked Felicity's nipples as my thrusting ramped up to a fever pitch, and then I was cumming deep inside the gorgeous older student. "Uhhh! Unhh!"

"AhhAAA!" she cried out as her own orgasm was hypnotically triggered by mine. It was a bit loud, but I knew the wind would carry it away.

I felt her pussy squeeze me, wringing my cock for all the sperm it would give her. Goddamn that felt good!

---

I made sure to meet with Felicity often, which broke my rule of 'spreading the love'...she was special, though, so I thought one exception wouldn't matter.

One day, a couple months later, I was heading back to the dorm when I heard someone scream. Turning, I saw the screaming woman pointing up, and on the roof of one of the women's dorm buildings was a tall, shapely platinum blonde figure I knew well, naked and standing on the edge. I could feel Felicity's eyes upon me as she looked down.

I quickly pulled my phone out to send her a Master Console message to get down from there, but then realized that she wouldn't have her phone on her because she was naked. I couldn't do anything! Fuck! I stood there, just looking up at her. 'Don't jump!' I kept repeating in my head, as if I could somehow telepathically command her. She just stood there.

Then hands grabbed her from behind and I let out the breath I'd been holding. I heard her screaming at campus security as they dragged her away. Nobody figured out why she had done it, and she never came back to the university. The rumor mill went wild, of course: illicit drugs, jilted by a lover, and pregnancy were the favorites. I knew it was the last one.

I made an appointment with a urologist the next day. Weeks later, as I held a bag of frozen peas to my groin after the procedure, I received a Master Console message from Trent.

*Happy Birthday Victor!*

Oh right, it was my birthday again. I was 19 and infertility was my present. I didn't really pay attention to my birthdays anymore, not after what happened...

...fuck...okay...I guess it's time...

---

...two years previous...

I woke to my mother calling out for me to come to breakfast and I stumbled about getting ready. It was the weekend, a couple weeks since the adventure with the redheaded twins who lived next door to Lily. There was something that I knew I was forgetting...

"Happy Birthday!" my Mom sing-shouted as I walked into the kitchen. My sister Gina was there too, but she just rolled her eyes at our Mom's natural exuberance.

Right, it was my 17th birthday. I didn't really care much about that, since I wasn't a little kid anymore, so only my Mom really did anything special for me. She got me a gaming mouse, though, which was actually a cool present. Gina, of course, didn't get me anything, saying she had to save up for the baby...not that she ever got anything for me in previous years. Mom made my favorite breakfast: pancakes, bacon, and orange juice.

"You decided what you're going to do next year after graduating?" Gina asked me. Her own college plans had been scrapped due to the unexpected pregnancy. She didn't seem to be showing yet.

I hadn't told my family about Trent's deal, and wouldn't for a few years, as it made no sense that the man would just open up his business to a high school teenager hundreds of miles away. "Software design," I told her. "I think I might make it big in video games."

"Huh," Gina answered noncommittally as she loaded up SpiritWalk, possibly inspired by our discussion. "I'm gonna go for a walk...seeya."

---

The SpiritWalk Master Console's chat feature popped up. *Happy Birthday Victor!*

How did de Ruyter know? Oh, right, part of the game's signup requirements was to enter your birthdate. *Thanks Trent* I sent back.

*Got a surprise for you!*

He directed me to a swanky hotel downtown. When I got there, my head was on a swivel as I gazed in wonder at the posh lobby. I gave my name at the front desk and the concierge gave me a keycard for the penthouse suite along with a knowing wink.

I pulled out my phone and called de Ruyter while heading to the elevator. "I don't like surprises, Trent. What's going on?"

"Oh, fine," he replied back. "Did you notice that your friend Lily's been playing Gummy Crash?"

"Yeah..."

"Well, I bought the company that makes it a while back, installed the control system into it as well, and after you told me about Lily, I used the SpiritWalk Master Console to make her friends and family suggest that she'd like Gummy Crash, and...well, here we are!"

I pressed the button for the penthouse, thankful that I was alone in the elevator. "Holy shit! Lily's upstairs, mesmerized?"

"Not just her! Go Victor! It's yer birthday..." he started chanting.

"I...I don't know what to say..." I really didn't. How did I feel about this? I could have sex with Lily but it wouldn't really be *her*, and I wanted her, body *and* soul, not just her body.

Trent continued, "It took you a while to get to the hotel, so I had them get started without you...hope you don't mind those two sexy chicks rubbing their bodies all over each other in preparation for your arrival."

The elevator was almost at the top. "Who's the other one?"

"You've been with her before...not sure why you only went for her ass, but promise me you'll fuck her pussy today, okay?"

The door opened and my mouth went dry. The only person I'd ever only fucked in the ass... "Wait...not Chastity?!"

"Yep!" I could hear Trent's glee through the phone. "Two hot sisters, ready for the birthday boy!"

"SHIT! Tell them to stop!" I was dashing for the penthouse door but it wouldn't open! The key! Where did I put the key?!

"Stop? What?"

I found the key in my pocket and tapped it against the sensor. "Chastity's a trans girl, Trent! She still has a dick!" I threw the door open and shouted, "Chastity! Stop! Fuck, where are they?" The penthouse suite was huge, with a wide-open living room area and two wings cornering off to the left and right. I could hear faint gasping from the left one.

I could hear Trent muttering, "Oh, so that's why you only fucked her in the ass..."

I rushed into the bedroom. "Chastity...!" I stopped.

Chastity was naked, taking her sister from behind, the trans girl's smaller penis disappearing into what I could see was Lily's thoroughly inseminated vagina. Sperm dripped out on every thrust.

There was a mirror on the wall, and I could see Lily's eyes move to it to take me in. "Vic...tor..." she moaned in ecstasy, and then Chastity cried out and I knew she was cumming in her sister's pussy again.

"...stop..." I moaned, and fell to my knees.

Chastity pulled out and toppled off of the bed, exhausted. I could see Lily's body shake in orgasm as the 'insemination cum' part of the Master Console's sex script kicked in, causing her nubile body to pull her sister's sperm deeper inside her...

...oh no...it had been two weeks since Lily's period had started when we fucked the twins, which meant that she was fertile. With the sheer amount of sperm that I could see dripping out of Lily's thoroughly fucked vagina, there was a high chance that she would get pregnant from her own sibling!

I heard Trent's voice from my phone. It had fallen from my hand onto the plush carpet. "Victor? Victor!" I mashed the end call button.

---

I had ordered an emergency contraceptive for Lily so that she wouldn't get pregnant, but in my mind she was damaged goods. Even if I used the Master Console to get her to fuck me, all I would see in my mind was her sister cumming inside her, claming what was supposed to be mine. In the end, I got Trent to use the Gummy Crash Master Console to make Lily forget me and everything about what we had been doing. He had to work for days crafting the right scripts, but he felt guilty for his mistake.

Fast forward to now. It's been years since then and university. In all the time since I first hacked de Ruyter's phone up until when I got snipped I'd probably fathered dozens of children. Lily's neighbor May, the twin, did get pregnant. I created a bot to follow her 'gram account, and sure enough, her boobs got bigger, then her butt, and then her tummy started puffing out. In the end, after she had twins herself, a boy and a girl, her body never went back to its pre-baby condition so everyone could tell which sister she was. Lily would have been happy about that...maybe she was anyway, even without remembering how May got pregnant.

May's sister Max, probably because of seeing what her sister went through in her pregnancy, never had any kids herself. She's still pretty hot, so maybe I'll find my way back home someday and do something about that... Oh, right, I'm shooting blanks now. Well, I could pretend. Sigh.

So many women, and I'm still not done. I'm glad I got snipped, but I missed the excitement of just not knowing if I would knock someone up when I took them.

---

"We're here, sir," the limo driver informed me, snapping me out of my memories, and he got out to hold open the door.

I turned up my collar at the cold bite of the winter wind and looked up at the tall stone building for a moment before heading inside. My driver went to park the car.

I stepped into the private room and surveyed my mentor. His hair had grayed since I had first met him, but he had kept himself fit. All the fitness in the world doesn't help against a stroke, though.

His eyes fluttered. "Victor, my boy?" He spoke softly, the best he could do after what had happened.

"Hey, Trent." I sat down next to his bed.

His eyes took in my clothing. "The suit suits you."

I pulled at the starched collar. "If you say so. Stupid board meetings."

"Happy Birthday," he said with a grin.

I gave him back a strained smile. "Thanks." 

We shot the shit for a bit, and I recounted some of my recent sexual exploits, including a blonde starlet who had been in one of those Marvel movies. I finally got around to asking Trent some questions that I hadn't had a chance to ask before about the Master Console and his plans for it. Realizing how close he'd come to death, he was quite forthcoming. When we were done, I pulled out my phone.

"Never could get into those folding screens," he remarked as he saw me open it up.

I pulled up the Master Console and sent some commands. A few minutes later, a couple of attractive nurses entered and closed the door behind them. I got back up and headed to the door. "These ladies will take care of you."

"Victor? These nurses are very attractive, but I'm hardly in any condition..." he rasped.

"I didn't say for sex. Goodbye, Trent." Then I stepped outside to make sure the nurses weren't disturbed as they kept him quiet and injected oxygen to force an embolism. A few minutes later, an alert sounded and a medical team rushed into the room, but by that time I was already at the far end of the hall.

I got the call a little after, informing me of the death of my mentor, Trenton de Ruyter. I thanked them and hung up...I had more important things to do now. Did you know that even the President of the United States plays SpiritWalk these days? I made sure to spawn some juicy rares around the White House to generate interest. Trent had always underestimated the power of the Master Console, only using it for sex, but I wouldn't make that same mistake.

"The airport, please," I directed my driver. "I have an appointment in Washington."

The End

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)