Katie gets invited to a farm

Katie was a pretty college girl who was about the straightest person most of her friends knew, Not only her friends noticed; but most of her professors did as well. She attended a small college and the professors we almost friends with the students.

Mary Colleens was the science teacher and she was supposedly one hell of a chemist. 

One day Mary came to her student Katie and asked her if she could do her a big favor and stay at her house for the weekend and take care of her dog, as the teacher had to visit an ailing friend. Katie had a couple of mid-terms to study for the following week so she agreed as she felt she could get in some uninterrupted time.


Friday afternoon came and Mary picked Katie up and headed out into the country. Katie asked her teacher what kind of dog she had and was surprised when the response was “a great Dane.” Katie thought her cute little teacher would have had a little lap dog. Her teacher continued: “actually Katie, I have a little ranch off Rt.6 and I needed someone to feed Butch (the dog) and the horses, but I was embarrassed to ask anyone, so I just mentioned the dog. I haven’t left the farm for a night since I bought it almost 2 years ago. You seem so trustworthy that I felt comfortable asking you.” At first Katie was angry that she had been lied to, but as her teacher ended with such a compliment Katie actually was proud she had been asked.



“I hate to say this” Mary continued “but I also wanted someone who wasn’t going to call a boy and ask him to spend the weekend in my house. I hope that’s not wrong to think.” Katie looked back her teacher and said “no, I understand.” Then paused and said “you know I had a couple of boyfriends in high school, I just have been trying to do well in school, so I haven’t dated much here. I know everyone thinks I am a prude, but that’s OK .” Her teacher looked at her and said “Are you a prude, I mean you are pretty and have a nice figure I am sure the guys are attracted to you?” 


Katie responded “I am not a virgin, but I’m not too good at it I think. I mean I gagged the first time I, you know, did the oral thing, so I never tried again. But I will have time for boys and sex when I get my grades taken care of.” Her teacher just smiled and continued some small talk till they got to her ranch.



Mary walked Katie around her small ranch, There was a small barn and a fenced in area and trails that lead up into the woods. As they walked toward the barn the teacher explained “this wasn’t the best weekend for me to have to leave. The mare is in heat and the stallion and donkey I own can smell her and are a little worked up. So make sure you don’t put her out in the paddock, unless the boys are in the barn.” Katie told her “she understood” and then learned how to feed the gang.



The two walked into the house and were met by Butch. Katie was amazed that at the size of the dog and explained “wow, he’s about half the size of the donkey.” Mary just laughed. As Katie was petting the big head of the dog, he pushed his nose right between her legs and Katie scolded him and pushed him away. Mary just smiled and turned to show Katie the rest of the house.



The two enjoyed a little snack and Mary then took a small silver can and sprayed it into her mouth, She then reached over to a drawer and pulled out another one and told Katie she could have her own and that it was mouth freshener she had worked on when she worked for a consumer company. Katie prayed the minty tasting spray into her mouth and thanked the teacher.



A few minutes later Mary left Katie and headed away for the weekend. As her teacher drove off Katie put her hands in her pocket and found the small spray can and pumped a few more squirts into her mouth. As Katie headed back for the door she could believe that she was starting to feel warm and sexy, she wondered if it because she realized she would be alone for 2 days and that hadn’t happened in a long time, and laughed when she remembered when she was left home for a weekend when she was 16 and masturbated in her parents room and the thought made her laugh.



Katie went back into the house and again was met by Butch and again he pushed his head between her legs and again she pushed him away and now alone, said “you are a horny fellow aren’t you.” She walked past him and went to the guest room. As she was unpacking she heard a “pssst” noise and looked up to where the sound came from, There mounted on the wall was an air freshener, like those found in public bathrooms. Katie took a whiff and it smelled similar to the mouth spray, Katie remember that Mary had told her that she had air fresheners around as the ranch house was old and she didn’t like the “old smell”, but Katie had thought she meant the airwick ones, she just shrugged her shoulders and unpacked.



By the time Katie had unpacked and put her bag away, she was feeling horny and figured “what the heck I’m alone, who cares.” Katie pulled her jeans off and lied on the bed and started to finger herself. She couldn’t remember the last time she had done this, and it felt great. It didn’t take long and she was cumming. It had to be at least 6 months since she made herself cum and couldn’t believe that she let this feeling go so long, without doing what she had just completed. 

Katie got off the bed and went into the bathroom in the hall to clean up. While she was washing her hands she got a whiff of another freshener. This one was right on the counter and almost got her in the face.



Katie took the hand towel and dried her hands and then wiped the cum off her inner thigh and ran the towel up her labia to dry her pussy. When the towel hit her labia she moaned. She couldn’t believe she was hot again. The moan brought Butch to the open door and before Katie realized it the dog stuck his nose into her butt. Katie spun quickly and saw the dog. Before she could do anything he put his face between her legs and licked. The lick of her pussy sent a lightning bolt of pleasure through her body. She went to push him way, but by the time her hand got to his head he licked again. Katie backed up and had her butt up against the sink counter. She knew she should stop him, but she didn’t. Every minute the freshener sprayed out and every minute Katie got hornier without realizing why.



By this point she had her legs spread apart and Butch was licking her toward another climax. It didn’t take long and Katie was creaming onto Butch’s tongue, The taste brought faster licks and Katie was purring through the longest climax she could remember. Butch finally pulled his head away and backed up. Katie was thankful as her labia were getting sore from his raspy tongue. She bent over kissed him on the snout and told him what a good dog he was. She couldn’t believe that she was still horny. 

Katie looked at the mirror on the bathroom door and saw under Butch, his pink dick was coming out of its sheath.


Katie had never seen a dog’s dick before and as fascinated with it. One thing Katie had done often was given her dates hand jobs to keep them off her, She looked at Butch and said “Did that make you horny boy?” Katie couldn’t believe her next move. She got down on her knees and reached under Butch and took his sheath in her hand and started jerking it back and forth. As she did the 3 or 4 inches of pink quickly grew to 6 or 7. “wow boy, you have a big one.” Bitch didn’t know what she had said, but it sounded like the tone his master used with him, and he jumped forward which knocked Katie backward. She feel onto her back with her knees in the air. Butch started to hump her bent leg. Katie was getting hornier as she watched him air hump near her leg. But she was uncomfortable. She said “get off. I’ll jerk you off, but let me up” and pushed him back. Katie turned and put her hands on the toilet to help her push up. That was all Butch needed and as Katie started to stand up he jumped on her back and wrapped his paws around her. Katie had no choice but to fall to her knees with her hands supporting her on the edge of the toilet bowl.



Butch had not let up his grip around Katie and suddenly she felt the dog humping again. This time it wasn’t just her leg, this time she was positioned underneath the large dog. “What the hell are you doing?” she yelled to him, but a moment later it became obvious. She felt his wet dick probing her butt cheek. “No, you are not going to fuck me.”



Butch didn’t understand English but he had heard those words before, not the “no” but the “fuck me”. It took a few more attempts but finally Butch found his mark and entered Katie’s pussy. “No, no, stop” she screamed as his dick drove deeper and deeper inside her. His dick was no longer 6 or 7 inches. The more he pumped his dick inside his bitch, the longer he got. Katie had never been filled so much and the pleasure took over, she was not longer fighting the dog, she was pushing back into him. 



She suddenly felt something different around the outside of her vagina. She felt his knot hitting her labia and her clit and the sensation was incredible. With the dogs dick so big and thick and her pussy being so tight, his knot was not able to penetrate her, and she relaxed and enjoyed the banging she was getting inside and outside her pussy. She was just about to explode again when Butch whimpered and then she felt his hot seed enter her pussy. That pushed her over the edge and she started to cum. However, moments after she started he pulled out and disappeared. Katie was half satisfied and couldn’t believe she had just let a dog fuck her. 



She stood up and felt the doggie cum drip down her legs. She looked in the mirror at herself and asked “what is wrong with me?” With that another spray from the freshener put a mist near her face. She looked at herself and noticed her watch on her arm. “Oh shit” she thought. She looked at the time and realized she was late to feed the horses and the donkey their dinner.



Katie, stared to put her jeans back on and as she had them in her hand in her bedroom another spray blasted the air. She threw the jeans on the bed and said “fuck it, I’m alone out here, and besides I don’t want my clothes smelling like a barn.” She took off her top and bra and thought she looked perfect.. As she turned to leave her room she saw that the breath spray had fallen out of her pocket. She picked it up and gave a spray into her mouth before putting it on the night stand. 



She walked out of the house and thought it was the fresh air that suddenly put her body on fire again. She looked down and her nipples were rock hard, She thought to herself, “what is happening to me, I cant get satisfied”

Katie walked to the pen where the donkey was. He had his nose up against a crack in the barn wall and then she noticed that his dick was hanging long below him. “Wow” she thought, “now that’s a dick.” Butch had come out with her and was standing to her side. “Look boy, he is bigger then you.” Actually Katie noticed that the donkey’s dick was much more the shape of guys than the dogs, and at least 16 or 18”. She shook her head to try and clear the thoughts that were going through it, but she couldn’t. 


Katie saw that there was a hook about a foot above the donkey’s head with a chain hanging from it. She remembered that Mary had told her that she could hook him to that and brush him in the mornings. Katie walked over to the donkey and hooked his halter to the chain. She then slid her hands from his neck, along his body and then bent down and reached for his dick. She couldn’t believe that she was doing this, but moments later she was running her hands up and down the donkey’s dick.



Katie was thinking of actually trying to put his dick in her mouth, but she just couldn’t bring herself to do it, Instead she wanted to see if she could run the donkey’s long dick along her labia and clit. She looked around and felt maybe it would be better if she went into the barn. So she took the animal by the halter and walked him inside.



Once inside the donkey sensed the mare in heat and started to buck around a little. Katie had a little problem holding his halter so she grabbed a lead and attached it for better control---she also noticed that the donkey’s dick had gotten rock hard and maybe even a little longer. 



Katie wasn’t sure what she was going to do next, but then she noticed something that looked like her vaulting horse in school. She looked at the height of it and wondered if she could get the donkey to put his legs up over it, so she could position herself under it. Katie looked closer at the padded horse and saw a label on the side, it read “adjustable breeder’s assistant- for artificial insemination and training.” Katie couldn’t believe her luck, maybe the donkey was use to putting his hoofs up so his owner could somehow get his cum for breeding.



Katie walked the donkey over to the breeding assistant and sure enough the donkey jumped his front hoofs over the padded horse. She was looking right at his 18” dick and reached back to start stroking it. The donkey started to hump her hand and Katie got instantly turned on again. She looked down on the floor and there was board nailed to it. The donkey’s hoofs were right up against it. Katie realized that the board was blocking him from moving forward. She looked at the distance of his dick and the padded assistant and felt she might be able to move under him without him going all the way inside her.



Katie positioned herself under the padded horse and the donkey’s dick slid along her back. She then moved forward and pushed her butt up in the air and the dick this time ran between her legs and along her belly – up to her belly button. The donkey kept pumping and the feeling in her pussy was wild in anticipation. Katie started to reach for his dick to help him find the spot, but as she shifted to move her hand the donkey hit the target. He pumped into Katie and more out of surprise of the feeling than anything else she fell forward. 



Katie repositioned herself and reached back and guided the donkey’s dick inside her. He started pumping and within a few thrusts he was inside his two legged female almost 12”. Katie was screaming in pleasure, she couldn’t believe the feeling and seemed to start coming instantly. Unlike the rapid fast motion of the Great Dane that had made her his bitch earlier, the donkey was making slower long thrusts inside his mate.



Katie kept creaming and much quicker than the dog, the donkey started to cum. Katie felt her vaginal cannel filling with his load. The donkey pumped a couple more times and then pulled out of her. Katie fell forward again, this time, because her legs couldn’t support her any longer. As she turned and sat on her bottom, the cum started to rush from her pussy, down her thighs and onto the floor of the barn. She looked up and the donkey was just standing there looking at her. His dick was just as long, but not hard. Katie looked at the dick which was now covered by both of their cum.



Katie didn’t know why she was so turned on, but the more sex she had it seamed like the more she wanted. Even though she had just been plowed by the donkey she got on all fours and moved next to the donkey and lined up with his hanging dick. Even to her surprise she moved her hand forward and took hold of the dick. She pulled it toward her and started to lick the shaft. Even though oral sex was not her thing, it seemed to be today. She licked the shaft up and down and tasted the mixture of the cum, however there was much more of his than hers, and she was loving it.



Katie licked for a few more minutes and then her knees started to hurt. She got up and led the donkey back out to his pen and headed back toward the house. Butch, the Great Dane, had disappeared while she was in the barn so she called out to him. After a few calls Katie saw the beautiful huge dog come running, or galloping, towards her and the house. Katie greeted him with a hug and as she stood up he put his snout between her legs and gave her a lick. Katie smiled and said “would you like to clean me up down there?” They walked into the house and Katie headed to the bedroom to let him have his way with her…



Moments later Katie was sitting on the floor of the bedroom, with a towel under her butt. She had her knees up in the air and spread wide open with her head and back on the floor. She was on the floor almost directly under where the mist from the freshener was spraying. It smelled nice to her as she breathed in the strong aphrodisiac. The dog was licking her from her butt to her clit and then Butch must have tasted the cum of the donkey as he started to stick his tongue into her not just lick the outside. Katie pushed her butt up into the air and the dogs tongue went deeper into her.



Katie started to cum; which brought with it little screams of pleasure. She couldn’t believe how many times she had cum over the past few hours and yet as much as she came, she wanted more. She put her hand on the Dane’s head and pulled it towards her pussy and his tongue went in a little more, and she continued to climax.



After at least 30 minutes of cumming and being licked by Butch her labia was starting to hurt from the rubbing. She had to push her new 4 legged lover away and closed her knees. By this time at least 6 sprays had fallen in the air and been breathed in by the college co-ed. Her breathing was still more of a pant from cumming so long. Yet she still seamed horny. 



Butch was not new to sex with women and wanted to get off. He read the girl’s potion and had no access to her bottom, so he started at her top and walked over the girl till his dick was over her face. His pink dick was already hanging from the sheath a few inches as he lowered his butt a little. Even though Katie was usually not into sucking dicks, today she seemed to have no inhibitions at all and she lifted her head to take the dog’s dick.



At first she just licked the dick, as she had the donkey’s, but moments later she opened her mouth and took the hot, wet dick into her mouth. Immediately on feeling this Butch stated humming his lower body and Katie would up with a growing cock pumping her mouth. Within moments the dogs dick had grown to full size and Katie couldn’t believe she was taking over 8” of his cock in her mouth.



After a while Katie started to feel his dick swell and then the knott started hitting against her lips. Katie’s pleasure was now starting to hurt a bit as the knott kept hitting her- she figured she better try to end this, so she started sucking harder and sure enough a few minutes later she was rewarded with a mouthful of doggie cum. Katie swallowed as fast as she could and was able to drink all he gave her.



Moment's later Butch continued his walk over Katie and his dick disappeared from sight. Butch found a corner to clean up at and Katie just rolled over on the floor and out of pure exhaustion fell a sleep. What she didn’t know is that she was still under the mist of the air freshener and as she slept her body started to beckon for more.


Katie woke with the sun. She had been asleep for almost 10 hours from sexual exhaustion; cumming more in one day than she had her entire life. Sexual thoughts were running through her mind as she awoke, mostly of being gang banged by guys with huge dicks. It was no wonder why, her last day had included sex with a Great Dane with a thick 8” dick and a donkey with one about 10 inches longer.



Katie couldn’t believe she was having these fantasies and her body was getting hotter by the moment. She heard the now familiar “pssst “ sound from the air freshener laced with an aphrodisiac and her body called for relief.

Still on the floor, Katie rolled onto her stomach and slid her fingers underneath her and finally entered her hot and wet pussy. She couldn’t believe how wet she was, little did she know that all night her body was feeling the effects of the spray. Katie started to hump her fingers and felt the carpet fibers rubbing against her very hard nipples. Two fingers didn’t seem to enough, when one usually did the trick. Katie added a third finger and then a fourth. That felt good and she started to moan from the pleasure she was feeling.



What Katie didn’t realize is that the smell of her vaginal fluid had reached the nose of the Great Dane sitting at the other end of the room. Even though Butch really needed to go out and relieve himself, his animal sexual instincts took over and won out over having to pee. Butch walked over to the un-expecting human bitch on the floor. 



The timing was perfect for the dog, as Katie needed more access to her pussy and had just rocked up onto her knees to dig her hand deeper inside her pussy. Butch jumped on Katie’s back and the surprise and weight of the dog made her spring her hand out of her pussy and onto the floor for support. It took Katie a second to realize what was going on, and that it was Butch on top of her and she smiled and said “hey boy, want to fuck me to start the day?” Katie couldn’t believe she said that out loud as she never used that word, but then again her personality was changing by the minute, since coming to the farm.



Butch started humping behind Katie and suddenly hit her butt hole instead of her pussy. Katie almost felt like his dick went in her butt an inch or so and quickly pushed her butt up higher so he could find her pussy. However, Butch had entered the butt slightly and the next thrust took him in deeper and the following one continued his drive into her virgin ass. Katie was in a momentary state of shock, she knew nothing about anal sex and panicked that the dog was not where he should be. The stock quickly was replaced with reality; as pain shot through the girl’s body. Katie started yelling for the dog to stop. Butch did not stop his humping and was already in her 4 or 5 inches. Katie tried to get up and that was a mistake as she momentarily pushed into an oncoming thrust and Butch rammed his full 8 inches into her ass.



The pain was unreal and actually made Katie freeze in her current position. Butch kept humping his bitch and his natural ‘sprinkler type penis’ was lubricating Katie’s hole and to her surprise the pain started to subside and was replaced with, what appeared to be pleasure. Katie stopped yelling and started to notice that she was starting to pant. Her anal muscles had relaxed and she started thinking that her ass was acting like another pussy. The dog kept pounding and Katie couldn’t believe that she was nearing a climax. She didn’t think it was possible to cum this way, but sure enough she was nearing one.



Katie felt the dog’s knott and didn’t think he would enter her with it, and she was way to tight for that. The extra pounding outside her, combined with the sensation inside her was too much to stop and suddenly she exploded in a climax. It was by far the strongest climax she had ever experienced and a few seconds into the climax fluid came rushing out of her pussy. She thought that the pressure must have relaxed her bladder, but the strong smell of sex and not pee had her reconsider that she had just squirted a bunch of cum. 



Katie’s strong climax continued long enough for her to think, “I have to do this again, this is unreal.” She was actually pushing back against the trusts, when suddenly she felt a warm sensation deep inside her bowels and felt that the dog’s cock was sliding in and out much more freely, obviously the dog had shot his load inside her and it brought a smile to her face.



A few moments later Butch withdrew his dick from her ass and his cum followed and dripped from her ass crack across her pussy lips. Katie couldn’t move and stayed on all fours for a couple of minutes trying to get her body to stand up. Her slowness to stand was quickened as Butch started barking and running back and forth to the door. Katie thought that the poor dog probably had to go out.



Katie got up and walked as quickly as she could to the door, which wasn’t quick at all. The feeling in her ass was totally different and she was getting use to it with each step. She finally let him out and watched as he ran to the nearest tree and started to pee. For some reason she couldn’t take her eye off the stream that didn’t seem to end. For some reason watching him sent a twitch of her labia and she shook her head, “what is wrong with me, everything is turning me on here.” 


Butch finally stopped and Katie looked up and saw the donkey and horse out in two paddocks, All of sudden panic hit the co-ed. “Oh shit” she thought to herself, “I forgot to feed the animals last night.” Katie didn’t realize it was only about 6 am, and the animals were not going to die from missing food for a few hours, especially since there was hay for them to eat.



Katie figured they could wait another few minutes as she herself had to pee. Katie opened the bathroom door and walked in. The minty smell was intense as the closed door had captured the mist and as she entered the small room her nose filled with the aphrodisiac and went right to brain. Katie sat on the toilet and started to pee, as she did the dogs cum in her ass acted like an enema and before she was done she had emptied herself. 

Katie got up and brushed her teeth and realized that she needed a shower, but felt bad for the animals so she figured she would shower in a few minutes when she got back from feeding them. She looked at herself and saw that nipples were still hard. She ran her hands across her breast and started rubbing her nipples. She let out a moan and looked at herself in mirror. “What is going on with you?” she said out loud, almost hoping the mirror would reply. She couldn’t believe that she was still horny. She looked down and saw the pocket breath spray, and although her body didn’t need any more stimulant, she picked it up and pumped a couple of sprays in her mouth. By the time she reached the front door of the house her pussy was dripping and she would have fingered herself again, had she not felt bad for the animals.



Katie figured she would feed the mare first and then the others and that way maybe the mare would get done and she could switch them around. She feed the mare and then walked out and put feed in buckets for the two males outside, the horse and the donkey. She rubbed the donkey’s head and said “good morning” and started to think about a repeat of yesterday’s fucking, and smiled. 



She walked back into the barn and indeed the mare was done with the feed. Katie got a lead and led the mare out and quickly switched the lead to the male horse, and walked him inside to the stall that the mare had been in. As she walked the male into the stall his nostrils flared up and he took in the small of the mare’s urine and nature took over. He knew the smell of the mare’s heat. Katie undid the lead and as she started to leave the stall she looked back and saw the horse had let down his dick and she watched as it grew inch by inch. Katie’s eyes were wide open as was her mouth in astonishment on how long the dick was becoming.



Katie’s entire body was feeling the sensation of the inhaled drug as she watched the horse’s brown dick extended to at least two feet. She walked back towards him and started to rub her hands along his side and then one dropped to his underbelly. The horse put his back feet back about a foot and Katie wasn’t sure if he was going to pee or if he liked that she was rubbing him. But no pee came, so she continued till she was even with his dick. She bent down and gently put her hand around his dick and then started moving her hand up and down his silky long shaft. She started to gain confidence and before long Katie was on her knees and stroking the long cock from end to end. 



Besides the size difference of the horse’s dick and that of the donkey, Katie couldn’t believe the size of the animals huge set of black balls, all she could think about is how much cum those big globes could produce. Her already wet pussy started to drip as continued to play with the 24” sex organ of the horse. 



Katie couldn’t take it anymore. She stood up and faced the horse’s side and pulled the dick up between her legs. She closed her thighs around the dick and started to hump herself up against the horse. His hard dick was then rubbed against her clit and labia as her tits were rubbing against the short stiff hairs on his side. Katie was feeling great, but all she was doing was getting herself hornier. This motion was not working to get her off, and she was getting crazed to make herself cum. She backed away and dropped his dick and the beautiful dick hung long below him. She realized that although it was long it might fit inside her thickness wise.

She turned her head to look around and saw the padded horse she had used the day before. She went over to it and read the label again and the word “adjustable” jumped out at her. She looked down on the side and there was a crank. There was a scratched line where it currently was and there was also another scratch. Katie tuned the crank and sure enough, the padded part went higher in the air. She cranked till the notch lined up with the higher scratch. Katie than looked at the floor and noticed a board on the floor that was about 2 feet behind the one the donkey’s hoofs had lined up with. “My gosh” Katie thought “this must be the setting for artificial insemination with the horse.” Little did Katie know that this set up was for the owner of the farm, her female professor.



Katie was getting more sexually excited by the minute. The horse who still sensed a mare in heat was also excited and his dick was still rock hard. Katie took the lead and brought the horse over to the fake horse and the stud reacted just like the donkey had and jumped right up and put his hoofs over the padded surface. His dick was now perpendicular to the floor. He hoofs seemed to lock up against the board on the floor and again Katie felt the animal was far enough back from the fake horse not to be killed by a thrusting cock. 



Katie’s brain was telling her this was not safe, but the rest of her couldn’t wait to cum, and those feelings won out. Katie positioned herself under the horse and took his dick in her hand. She put her hand right below her pussy to see how far the horse would go in her. The horse started to hump her hand and Katie felt she was positioned to take about 8-10 inches of the thick cock. She yelled back for him to stop and just like the donkey, it seamed he understood and stopped his humping. 



Katie took the head of the horse’s cock and fed it inside her. It took a little doing and she pushed back a little to see if it fit. Her pussy was stretching to its limits and she couldn’t believe she could take him inside. She was talking calmly to him the whole time and the horse was patient and let her move back on him, as she held his dick tight with one hand. 



Once he was in her a few inches Katie took her hand off his dick and braced herself with both hands. She started to rock back and forth on the hard pole like dick and felt she had 5 or 6 inches inside her and her body was already starting to shake with the great feeling inside. She rocked a little more and then the horse decided it had been long enough. The horse thrust inside her and went in at least 10 inches. Katie was filled with the horse’s cock and screamed out with the first thrust. The horse pulled back till he was almost out of her and thrust again, and again Katie was filled with 10 inches of horse cock. 



Like the donkey, the horse did not hump fast like to dog but took long in and out motions. It didn’t take long and Katie started to cum. She lost control and started to yell out loud “fuck me – fuck me with that great cock.” To her amazement she started to back up to take more of his cock. The next thrust filled her even deeper and she actually felt him hit her cervix and she started to cum even harder. The horse didn’t take long (they must cum quickly as standing on their back legs cant take the weight too long) and it’s a good thing as the girl couldn’t take this huge hard pounding too long. 



Katie heard the horse snort and on the next thrust Katie felt the rush of cum inside her, his next thrust produced more and it seemed to build back on him as his dick blew back outside of her. His next thrust was up her back and she felt the hot cum soak the back of her head, neck and her back. As quickly as she could Katie turned and fell to her knees in one motion just in time to take the next load into her face. She had opened her mouth as wide as she could and got at least a few ounces of cum on her tongue and in her mouth. She swished it around her mouth and swallowed.



The horse pulled back off the padded horse and stood there, just like the donkey had the day before and just like the day before, Katie got on her knees to the side of the horse and licked his dick. Today she went one step further and took the head of the dick and sucked whatever cum was left in his shaft out and in to her mouth. She swallowed all she could get, like the first mouthful wasn’t enough. 



The horse started back up and Katie felt it safer to get up and put him in the stall. As she shut the door she started to feel the cum run down her front and back. Like a crazed cum hound she used her hands to scoop the cum off of her body and into her mouth. It was like she couldn’t get enough.



Finally she had gotten all she could and started to walk back to the house. The only thing was, her legs were like rubber. The pounding of her ass by the dog and now the fucking of the horse had exhausted the muscles from her hips down. Katie got about 10 ft from the barn and collapsed on the grass. Butch came running over to her, and seeing as she couldn’t move she just opened her legs and the dog started licking the cum off her body and then between her legs. Katie came another two times and finally got herself to get up and wobble back to the house.



Katie took a bath that must have been an hour long. She kept adding hot water and smiled every so often when she would see a white strain of cum appear at the surface of the water, she knew it had come from her pussy.



When Katie got out of the bath she went right to the bedroom closed the door and climbed into bed and fell asleep.



A few hours later Katie was being shaken. She opened her eyes and saw her professor standing above her. “Are you felling OK” Sally asked her. Katie who wasn’t feeling as exhausted anymore looked up and said “Sorry, I was studying late last night and just took a nap.” It was a good lie Katie thought. 



She looked up at her teacher who was wearing a tight halter top and pair of micro jean shorts. “Boy Miss Colleens you a lot different on the weekend.” Katie said.



What Katie didn’t know is before her teacher shook her to awaken her she had sprayed about 5 sprays of the aphrodisiac right below Katie’s noise and hadn’t covered her own. Mary was already horny after watching the activities of her student from her apartment on the top floor of the barn, by using cameras and peepholes. Mary had gone through a full set of batteries on her vibrating eggs over the weekend cumming almost as many times as her student. But there was one more session she had to watch, and that was with herself.



“Thank you for noticing. To be honest I dressed like this because I ran into an old love when visiting my friend and, well I was trying to seduce him.” The teacher lied as well. Katie sat up in bed ignoring the fact that she was naked. Her big breasts sat outside the covers and her nipples were again hard. Katie asked “So did it work?” 



The teacher looked back and said “no, all I did was get myself horny in anticipation.” Then the teacher looked Katie’s boobs and said “I guess I’m not the horny one in the room.” Katie looked down at her own naked boobs and hard nipples. She slowly brought her hands up to cover them and said “I forgot I wasn’t wearing anything.” When Katie’s hands touched the skin of her breasts she felt that sexual desire again that she could not satisfy. “Actually I have been horny myself.” Katie admitted. 



Sally opened the night table drawer next to the bed and took out a thick 10” dildo and said “you could have used this, didn’t you look around?” Seeing the large rubber dick sent waves through Katie, she didn’t know why her brain and body were reacting the way they were but she needed to have that dick inside her. “No ma’am I didn’t .” 



“Well” her teacher stated “this is probably way too big for a girl like you anyway, maybe I can find another.” With that her teacher deliberately put the dildo on the bed between the girl’s legs with the head up where she felt her legs ended and her pussy began. As the teacher opened a drawer or two, Katie couldn’t resist and she grabbed the dildo and started rubbing it against her labia through the bed sheet. 



The teacher turned around and said “sorry I don’t have one smaller.” But also looked at the girl and walked back. She then said “can I help you there?” Katie was embarrassed she didn’t realize she was rubbing herself. “I’m sorry I don’t know what is coming over me.” By this time another mist had been sprayed into the room and both women were getting hornier by the minute. “Don’t worry about it dear, seeing your boobs is getting me wet right now.” Mary said. 

“Really? You’re getting turned on by me?” Katie asked. Her teacher looked at her and replied “See for yourself.” and quickly took off her top and bottoms and stepped up on the bed and put her shaved pussy in front of the girl’s face and placed her hands on the wall to balance herself. “Its wet isn’t it?” she asked.



Katie looked at the beautiful bald pussy in front of her and saw droplets of fluid around her labia. Katie had never thought about a sex with another girl, but why would that stop her at this point, on this weekend. “If you can’t see it, feel it” the teacher goateed the student. 



Even though Katie could she was wet, she wanted to touch the other woman. Sally saw Katie start to reach up and quickly said “not with your hand, use your tongue”



Over the next couple of hours the women had girl/girl sex that included eating each other almost constantly, intermixed with fingering, using the large dildo on each other and ending with an outrageous fisting session, seeing as both women could take a horses cock, another woman’s arm was nothing.



Sunday night came and Katie was brought back to her dorm. Her teacher gave her a pocket breath spray and said “here keep one of these, there is not much left, so use it before you go on a date or special times when you want really clean breath.”



Katie went back into her dorm room, and was no longer this shy prudish co-ed. Even without the aphrodisiac Katie had realized how great it is to cum and she became one of the sluts on campus. On some dates she pulled out the breath freshener and a couple of times let the guy us it to- those nights usually wound up with anal sex as part of the menu.



As for Mary Colleens, she continued to pick a girl each semester to bring to her farm and get them out of their sexual shell. In the interim, she had sex with her three favorite four legged creatures each time the mare was in heat.

