Outdoor Shower 

I always wanted an outdoor shower in my back yard.  The ones to rinse
the chemicals from a pool off.  I visited a friend who had one and that 
was it, I had to have it. 

I always enjoy the trip to the hardware store.  I get to tease and flash
the workers and maybe some lucky customers as well.  This trip wouldn't 
be any different.  I flipped through my closet and found a sun dress i 
hadn't worn in a while.  Mostly because it was really too loose on me.  
A friend gave it to me and I didn't have the heart to tell her that it 
didn't fit right.  She has 20 pounds on me, but I took it anyway.  I do 
like the pattern, but it makes me look like I don't have any curves at 
all.  The good thing about it, is that it has a 8 inch slit up both 
sides and the neck line is low.  My friend is a bit taller than me as 
well, so it's a little shorter than one I would have bought.  That 
makes the slits stop just below mid hip and since it's a little big, 
the neck line droops more than it should, perfect for bending over.  
Slipping on my sandals, I grabbed my purse and out the door i went. 

Arriving at the store, I opened the door and felt a sudden wind hit me. 
Cooler weather was approaching and I longed for summer to never end.  
At the moment, it did feel good, my pussy was feeling hot from 
anticipation of being shown off.  I've been flashing for years, since 
high school and I still get wet and excited each and every time I do 
it.  Walking across the parking lot, I noticed a few guys watching me, 
well watching the hem of my dress, waiting for the wind to do them a 
favor.  I did nothing to keep it from happening, but it didn't, a 
little disappointed, I grabbed a cart and started my shopping. 

First, plumbing.  I would need some pvc to run out to the new shower.  I
knew the store quite well, being one of my favorite places to flash, 
but I noticed a nice looking young guy at the service counter and I 
just had to ask for help.  I leaned into the counter, letting the 
fabric fall away from my chest, while I waited for him to help me.  
When he came over, he never looked at me, well, not my face, he openly 
stared at the cleavage I was showing him.  He gave me, my chest, 
directions and I thanked him and left feeling him watch me walk away.  
Reaching the plumbing section I looked around for some help, but no one 
was around.  I knew what I needed and just helped myself until someone 
showed up.  He turned out to be a guy around 40, not bad looking, 
fairly good shape.  He actually snuck up on me, reaching for the pipe 
that I had my hand on and pulling it down for me. 

"Let me get that for you" he said politely.  I thanked him and told him
what I was doing and how much I would need to get it done.  Without a 
second thought he pulled all the pipe down for me.  I had to thank him 
for his hospitality, so I got the joints to connect everything myself.  
The were of course, near the bottom shelf.  I bent over to get them, 
taking my time to make sure I had the right ones.  I heard him stop and 
I knew he could easily see down the top of my dress.  He had to be 
getting a clear view of my breasts hanging in all their splendor.  He 
came closer and asked if I needed any help deciding and without leaning 
back up, I looked at him and told him no, that I was fine.  I heard him 
mutter, "you sure are" so softly that I'm sure he didn't mean for it to 
actually come out loud. 

Next was the hardware and fixtures.  I didn't have to wait there, I
found a young woman about my age there.  Dare I flash a girl?  I 
thought I would test the waters and see how she took it, if she wasn't 
receptive, I could always find someone else later on.  She came up to 
me and asked if I needed help and I told he the same thing I had told 
the last worker.  She pointed out a couple of different shower heads 
that were designed for outdoor.  One of them was low on a shelf and I 
thought it was now or never.  I bent over letting the fabric fall away 
from my chest like before, clearly giving her a good look.  She got 
quiet for a moment and I knew that she had seen my breasts.  She then 
carried on with her descriptions of the different shower heads.  I knew 
it was alright when she brought one to my attention that was even lower 
than the last one.  I actually had to squat down for this one.  She had 
already bent down, pointing something out on the box.  I followed her 
lead and did the same, letting my legs part slightly when I did.  She 
looked right at my shaven pussy and stopped in mid sentence, then 
blushing a little she continued telling me about it, I watched her 
steal glances at my pussy and the thought of turning this girl on, was
making me wet.  I never wanted to get up.  We did however have to get 
up finally.  I really didn't want to spend the money on that 
particular one, but the one next to it was nearly the same thing for much 
less.  I bent back down again, letting my legs part a lot more than 
last time, giving her a nice shot.  She couldn't help but stare and I 
took as much time as I thought I could and got up and thanked her for 
her help.  She told me anytime and to be sure to let her know if I need 
more help in the future.  I gave her a wink and told her I would. 

The last thing I needed right now was a couple bags of quik crete.  I
wanted to pour a small slab to stand on, so it wouldn't ruin the grass. 
 I found a young couple on the way, looking at doors and although I 
didn't need one myself, I started browsing anyway.  The girl that 
helped me had made me very hot and even bolder than I might have been.  
I positioned myself so that I was on the opposite isle, but with how 
the door displays were, you could see right through.  I waited to get 
the guys attention and when I saw him look my way, I fanned my dress 
like I was hot.  It caught his attention, and he positioned himself so 
that his wife couldn't see me, but he could.  I toyed with the top 
button of my dress for a moment, actually undoing one button.  I really 
didn't need to, but I knew he wouldn't look away if I did.  I saw him 
whisper in his wifes ear and she turned to look at me.  I pretended not 
to notice them and kept toying with the buttons and fanning my dress.  
They were both watching me now and it drove me nuts.  I walked a little 
further back, both to find a better spot to flash them and to see if 
they would follow.  I found a door that was a little to the inside of 
the isle, so i actually had to step in a little to get a good view of 
it.  It was a glass door with two way mirror tint on it.  I knew this 
but pretended not to.  I saw them out of the corner of my eye, on the 
other side.  I took this as my que and looked around a little like I 
was trying to see if anyone could see.  They ducked away and then came 
back.  When they did, I undid 3 more buttons and slipped my breasts out 
into the open.  I was on the mirror side of the door and was watching 
myself play with my nipples.  I could just barely make out through the 
glass the couple on the other side.  They too had stepped in some to 
get a better view.  I could see his hand on her belly, stroking her 
skin under her shirt.  She had her hand on his crotch, rubbing him 
through his jeans.  I then got as bold as I had been in a long time and 
raised my dress, and played with my clit for a few minutes.  Here I 
was, my tits hanging out and fingering my clit, right in the store.  I 
wanted to come right there, but heard someone coming, so I quickly 
buttoned my dress back up and stepped back in the isle, just as an 
older guy walked by.  He gave me a quick glance and kept on going, not 
thinking anything of it.  I decided I had better get my concrete and 
get out of here before I lose it. 

I noticed the couple following me and thought, one more time would fine.
 I found another empty isle and glimpsed back to see if they were 
there, when i saw that they were, I bent over and adjusted the strap on 
my sandal, letting the back of my dress slide up at the same time.  I 
know they could see my pussy peeking out beneath my bare ass.  When i 
stood up and turned again, the girl was standing just behind me.  Her 
guy was still down the isle a little.  She whispered to me that he 
wanted to see the two of us flashing him at the same time and wanted to 
know if it was ok.  I smiled back at him and she sheepishly asked if he 
could take our picture as well, maybe outside in the garden area.  I 
couldn't pass it up and took her by the hand and led the way, leaving 
him to follow behind us as we went.  She also had on a short skirt, so 
as a treat for him, before we stepped into the main isle, I reached up 
under her skirt and bared her ass to him.  It felt great to have my 
hand on her bare ass.  The garden area was busier than I had thought it 
would be, but we found a place near the fencing that we could duck into 
and he could get a few shots off without being caught.  We stepped into 
a secluded spot and she immediately began unbuttoning my dress.  I put 
my hands on her hips and slid her skirt down a little.  I could see him 
across the isle in his own little secluded spot with a digital camera.  
When she had all my buttons undone, she came up behind me and pulled 
the fabric apart so he got an unobstructed view of my body.  I let her 
pull the dress from my shoulders and it fell to the ground, I stood 
there completely naked.  I wasn't letting her get away with not being 
naked, so I turned her so that he could see us both and I pulled her 
skirt down until it too had dropped.  I then pulled her shirt up 
exposing her tits and man I just had to suck on her puffy nipples.  I 
bent down and took one in my mouth and felt her hands in my hair when i 
did so.  I heard her let out small little whimpers and I wanted her to 
scream out, but knew that wasn't an option.  I felt her pulling away 
and before I let her go, I dropped down and lick her clit a few times.  
She pulled my head into her and then pushed me away quickly.  She 
reached down and pulled up her skirt and motioned for me to do the 
same.  I could now hear someone just on the other isle from us and 
pulled my dress back on.  I barely got it buttoned before they rounded 
the corner. 

I gave her a little kiss and thanked them, took a piece of paper out of
my purse, wrote down my email and told them to send me some copies.  
They agreed and I found my cart.  I grabbed my concrete and got out of 
there so I could go home and fuck myself.  Feeling extra daring, I 
undid my buttons again and drove home with my body completely exposed 
to whoever looked in my car.  I even walked in my house that way.  I 
barely got the door closed before I had my fingers in my pussy.  I came 
right there, leaning against my front door. 

Trying to catch my breath I heard the door bell.  I turned and peeked
out to see my neighbors son, standing there.  I nearly forgot to button 
my dress back up before I opened the door.  I opened the door and he 
asked if I was feeling alright or if I needed some help.  I looked at 
him oddly I guess and he turned to point at my car door standing wide 
open.  Had he seen me run in?  He was looking at me again and gave me a 
long look up and down.  I glanced down and noticed that I hadn't 
buttoned my dress up straight and my pussy was peeking through an 
opening.  I pretended not to notice, I was so horny from the store that 
I would have let him fuck me right there in the doorway if he tried.  I 
let him have his look and knew then that he did see me when I got out 
of the car.  It made me quiver inside. 

I laughed a little and followed him out to the car, well led him out to
the car.  I explained to him that I was putting in a shower and asked 
him to carry the supplies around back and I would meet him around there 
if he wanted.  He told me that he would and that if I wanted he would 
help me get started installing it.  I jumped at that chance and told 
him I had to change first.  He gave me a sly grin and told me not to on 
his behalf.  I had never had him flirt so openly with me before, but I 
liked it.  I explained that this dress was just not good for digging or 
reaching or anything and I just had to get out of it.  He smiled as he 
grabbed a bag from the car and just told me that at least it was cool.  
I laughed at that and went back inside. 

I knew he wanted me and I was going to let him have some if he took it. 
I couldn't just give it to him, but I could make it hard for him to 
resist.  I found my tank top that I wear around the house after a 
shower.  It's old and thin and very stretched out.  It just barely 
covers my breasts but I pulled the neck line back and tied it up  so 
that it would stay and it showed off my belly too.  i also grabbed a 
pair of shorts that I made out of an old pair of pajamas.  They too, 
were old and thin, a very light pink color.  I had run a string through 
the waist band to hold them up but I pulled it out so that they would 
very loose on me.  I knew I would have to be constantly pulling them 
up.  I threw on an old pair of tennis shoes and headed out grabbing a 
hair band on the way.  I stepped out just as he was rounding the corner 
with the last of the supplies and he nearly dropped what he had in his 
hand when he saw me. 

I was pulling my hair up and putting the hair band in it and when I did
so, my arms were in the air, nearly letting my tits fall free on the 
sides of my shirt.  I told him that I had found another outfit that 
would let me stay cool while we worked.  He smiled and agreed as he 
dropped the bag on the ground.  I asked him to grab the shovel and he 
paused not really hearing me I guess, he was still looking at me.  He 
snapped to and headed for my shed.  While he was busy I checked how I 
looked in the reflection of the glass sliding door.  I looked absolutely porn star!  
Time to get to work. 

An hour later, we had the trench dug for the water line and I had most
of the frame work together to pour the small slab to stand on.  It 
wasn't hot yet, but it was sure getting there quick, but mostly from 
the working.  I was sweating and it was making my shirt transparent.  I 
of course, pretended not to notice, but John sure did.  He was barely 
getting anything done, from stealing looks at my chest.  He stood and 
stretched, trying to get his back in to position from all the digging.  
I offered him a water and he took it readily.  After drinking nearly 
the entire bottle, he pulled his shirt off and wiped his face with it.  
He held it in his hands for a moment looking at me with a blank look.  
Laughing, I told him, "Forget it!, I know what your thinking and I'm 
not taking my shirt off." 

"Ahh come on, no one is around and it sure does feel good to have the
breeze blowing on my skin."  he teased while rubbing the shirt against 
his chest. 

"I'm sure it does" I responded with a big smile, and still laughing a
little.  "It will take a lot more than that to get me to take my shirt 
off. " 

"Oh yeah?  I'll have to keep trying then.  You know it sure is getting
hot out here..."  he mocked while wiping the the sweat off his 
forehead.  I laughed again and headed for the shed to get a bucket for 
the concrete. 

"Would you mind getting the hose, so we can mix up the cement?  I'll get
the bucket and a stick to stir it."  I asked him. 

"Sure thing, I need to rinse some of this dirt off anyway." he replied
while turning for the house. 

A few minutes later we had the mix ready and he helped me pour it in the
frame I had made.  In the position I was in he was paying less 
attention to the pouring and more to the clear view of my chest he was 
getting.  I smiled, "Can you please pay attention to how much is going 
in, this is too heavy for me to hold by myself." I told him with a 
light hearted tone. 

"What?  Oh yeah, sure, I, uh, just, well, crap!  Forget it."  He
stammered out.  I don't think he knew that I had noticed him staring.  
I usually don't let on that I do, but sometimes it's fun to see them 
dance around the embarrassment.  "Oh, it's like that?  The only reason 
you are helping me is to get a peek at me, isn't it?"  I teased him. 

"What, no, I mean, no, I wanted to help, but your just so, well you
know, hot!"  He managed to get out.  "I'd be stupid not to look when I 
can now wouldn't I."  he continued with playful flirt this time. 

"Well maybe I should go change, if I'm such a distraction.  I sure
wouldn't want to cause any uncomfortable relations between our 
families."  I teased back.  I wanted to see how bold he was feeling.  I 
was giving him options on how things would continue.  He could be bold 
and "insist" that I be comfortable, ensuring that he would see more, or 
he could agree and I would change thus ending the game.  I would go 
along with what ever he decided even though I so wanted him to see and 
do more to me. 

Without a thought, "Oh hell no!  This is your house and yard, you wear
what you want to wear and I'll just have to "try" and not to stare."  
he said with great conviction, although his eyes were directed away 
from at the time.  He slowly and shyly glimpsed my way to get a 
reaction from me.  I was of course, looking right at him.  he met my 
eyes and looked away quickly, while trying to fight back a smile. 

"Of course, your right.  I would rather be comfortable, especially while
doing work like this.  Now if only you "could" keep from taking 
advantage of my clothes, we could get back to work and have this 
finished before the afternoon kills us with the heat and who knows, 
maybe we can go for a swim afterwards."  I said teasingly. 

"I think I can control my eyes"  he said while looking at me and jerking
away.  He did this a few times and we laughed. 

A few minutes later we had the cement poured and smoothed out, of course
he was still stealing looks at my chest and I couldn't keep from 
smiling about it.  It was then I felt the fabric in the ass of my 
shorts give a little.  I had been on my knees bending over to smooth 
out the cement giving John the best look I could give him of my chest.  
I sat up, trying not to let him know.  Damn it, my favorite shorts and 
I'm going to have to change...  or would I, I could pretend not to 
notice and see what John says.  Who was I kidding, he wasn't going to 
say anything unless it got so big that I'd have to be stupid not to 
notice.  I "can" be stupid if I want to be.  Evil thoughts began to 
flood my mind.  I wouldn't purposely make it split open more, but I 
could just go on with my work and just see what happens. 

I got up brushing the dirt off my knees, still allowing John to look
down my shirt.  I turned a little as I did this trying to see if he 
would notice the small rip in my back side.  When I stood up right and 
looked at him, I couldn't tell if he had noticed.  I had bought a 
chrome pipe set to run up a decorative pole that I found, so I wanted 
to install that now.  It would take the both of us to do it, one to 
attach it at the bottom and one for the top.  I explained my plan to 
him and he agreed that it would be best if he did the top while I did 
the bottom.  I wanted to do it this way so I could rip the opening a 
little more.  He, of course, wanted to look down my shirt. 

We had just about got everything connected and although he was getting
what he wanted, I was not.  It didn't matter how I moved, they just 
wouldn't rip further.  I sat up on my knees, almost directly in front 
of his bulging pants.  It took some effort to keep from reaching out 
and touching it.  "You know, we should have probably done this the 
other way around.." he was saying as I got up..."I am still finding it 
hard to not train my eyes any where else but on you." he continued with 
a little chuckle.  It was then that I felt the fabric give way a 
little, not much but I bet I now know how to make it rip.  Either get 
up and down a lot, or sit back on my knees with a little more force. 

"Well, too late now, and i can still go change if it is becoming a
problem."  I responded letting him see me look at his crotch as I did. 

"Oh no, I wouldn't hear of it.  I will just have to keep trying to look
away and focus on what I am doing.  No problem at all, I can restrain 
it."  he nearly blurted out, smiling at me, to let me know he caught my 
reference that I had made. 

"Well if your sure..." I teased, turning to find the last fitting before
mounting the shower head.  I could feel the cool breeze on my ass now.  
I know the hole couldn't be that big yet, but still yet, I had to find 
out if he could see it.  I found the fitting on the patio sitting on 
the table we have there.  I could see Johns reflection in the patio 
door and I knocked the fitting on to the ground, "accidentally", so 
when I bent over to pick it up I watched in the reflection the best I 
could.  When I saw his eyes open wide, I knew he could see it.  Now, 
how to make the hole bigger and how to do it without being obvious... 

We were nearly done, all we had to do was let the cement cure, connect
the water to the house, and fill in the trench.  Still I had not ripped 
my shorts out as much as I wanted.  I had seen him shift his attention 
from my chest to my ass, but only when it was easy for him to look,  He 
made no real effort to look.  That meant the hole was only big enough 
to draw attention, but not big enough to see anything.  I was thinking 
on this while I was filling in the dirt of the trench.  It dawned on me 
then, I dropped the small shovel as if it really wasn't helping and got 
on my hands and knees to fill in the dirt by hand.  I had my ass in the 
air and I could feel the fabric pull tight in this position. 

"What are you doing?  Why don't you just use the shove..l...?" he asked
in a voice that trailed off at the end.  He was not quite behind me, 
but enough that my ass in the air got his attention. 

"The shovel wasn't really doing that great, so this is the only way to
do it right.  Do you want to do it?  I'd be glad to let you..."  I said 
with a bit of sarcism. 

'....uhh, no way, I, uh, dug that ditch, only fair that you have to fill
it in.  I'm just going to park it in the shade for a minute and 
wat...uhh, let you work."  He replied as he moved into a better 
position behind me on the patio. 

"I see, it's the woman's job to do all the work while the guys just sit
back and watch."  I teased back. 

"Damn straight, like I said, I dug it, you fill it.  I'm just going to
cool it for a few."  he mocked me this time.  I let my ass sway from 
side to side a little while I worked.  I spread my legs to move over a 
bit and I felt the fabric give just a little.  I was directly in the 
sun now and I was sweating more than usual.  The fabric of my shirt and 
shorts were clinging to me.  This was helping my cause, not only was 
the fabric getting wet and see through, it helped the fabric tighten up 
enough to tear.  I moved again and that was it,  I heard and felt the 
fabric give way.  It had to be exposing my ass hole and the bottom end 
of my pussy.  I kept right on working as if I didn't know, and all the 
while I was saying, "I understand how it is, you want to help, but just 
to check out my tits and me being a woman who needs the help, just has 
to take it.  A woman just can't get any help without strings 
attached..."  I was complaining with a pouty voice, not really being 
serious, but had to say something, so he wouldn't suspect anything. 

"No, thats not it, I mean, I like a little peek if I can get it, but
really, I did want to help, I wasn't doing anything any way and this 
way I can get some sun and have a little fun too.  If you want I can 
help you fill that in, I was just teasing you before."  he was telling 
me with a confident tone. 

"No, no, you just sit back there, relaxing in the shade, I'll be done
soon enough any way."  I replied and in fact I was nearly done, I only 
had about a foot left.  When I finished, I sat back on my feet and felt 
the fabric give the rest of the way.  It was now ripped from the top, 
near my waist band all the way to my pussy.  Acting shocked, I turned 
in that position and felt my nipple slip free as I did.  I reached back 
and felt my ass hanging out of my shorts.  I quickly got up, turning my 
body so I could try and see the damage, letting my breast fall free, 
pretending not to notice because of the rip.  All the while John had 
stood up and walked about half the distance to me, not really sure if 
he should do something or just enjoy the view. I looked up with him 
with what I hoped was a surprised expression. 

"You ass!  My ass was hanging out and you didn't even tell me!"  I kind
of yelled out, more in a teasing but hurtful tone.  "And look at this, 
my tits hanging out too and you still don't say anything!" again with 
the teasing hurtful tone, while covering my tit up and turning to face 
him. 

"I, uh, didn't notice your ass and your tit just came out when you stood
up, what am I suppose to do, come put it back for you?" he tried 
explaining.  I could see the bulge in his shorts had grown, he was now 
supporting a good size tent.  The waist band of his shorts was even 
trying to pull away from him.  I walked towards him and he turned to 
run.  "Get back here you ass, I'm going to pound you one for that!"  I 
yelled out and ran after him.  He wasn't trying real hard to get away 
and I caught up to him easy enough.  I reached out and grabbed at his 
waist band, but only succeeded in scratching him on his lower back.  He 
darted to the side and shot past me, reaching out at the same time and 
snagging my shirt at the same time.  It jerked me around and I nearly 
lost my balance in the process.  He had managed to stretch my shirt 
enough that my neckline was just barely covering me. 

"Oh, now you are in for it.  You had better run faster than that!"  I
teased and not caring about my bouncing tits trying to come out of my 
shirt I picked up speed and this time when he jerked left I caught his 
shorts and heard them rip some.  The waist band was stretched and they 
fell just a little.  Not far enough to show anything, but it was 
progress.  He got far enough away that he had time to see what I had 
done.  He gave me an evil grin and it was my turn to run.  If he caught 
me, I know I would be minus something.  "These were my favorite shorts! 
 Payback is a coming and you better move it!"  He blurted out as he 
turned on the speed.  Laughing, I darted this way and that, trying to 
keep just out of his reach.  I cut to my right and nearly put myself in 
the pool and having to catch my balance he caught up to me just as I 
was lunging forward.  I felt his hand on my ass for a brief moment and 
then felt my shorts fly open.  He hand got enough material that when I 
shot forward it ripped all around one side.  Now I had an entire ass 
cheek exposed.  He stopped, putting his hand to his mouth in mock 
surprise and again I was running after him. 

He shot all the way around the pool and was headed for open yard.  I was
only a few steps behind him when he surprised me with a quick stop and 
ducked down just enough for me to fly right past him.  He was quick 
enough to grab my shirt from the back and this time, my feet betrayed 
me and flew right out from under me.  I felt one strap give way just 
before hitting the ground.  I landed hard enough to knock the wind out 
of me for a moment.  I lay there on the ground, feeling wind try to 
fill my lungs and the warm sun on my exposed chest. 

"Oh shit!, I didn't mean to hurt you, are you alright?  Can I get you
anything?"  he was asking while leaning over me.  I couldn't have 
answered if I wanted to, I still hadn't got my breath back.  I managed 
to hold up on finger, motioning him to wait a minute.  I let me head 
roll towards him and in the position he was in I could see his balls 
through a gap in his shorts.  He was now looking at me close, taking in 
my state of undress.  What I hadn't noticed yet was that my shorts had 
ripped again and now part of my pussy was showing.  "Damn, you are torn 
up, I can go get you something if you want."  he was saying with 
genuine concern.  I managed to prop myself up on my elbows and took a 
look at myself.  He was staring intently on my pussy.  I was a mess, he 
was right about that. 

"No, thats alright, I can manage I think, but thanks for being so
sweet."  I told him, waiting for him to stop staring a hole in my puss. 
 Finally I motioned to get up and he broke away long enough to take my 
hand to help.  I took it and he pulled me up.  When I stood, my shorts 
just fell to the ground and my shirt was barely hanging on, now just a 
rag.  His jaw actually fell open as he stared at me.  "Ah, shit!, Now 
that ain't cool, my favorite shirt and shorts, rags!"  I was saying in 
a hurt tone.  "Yeah, they sure are.... damn you are fine!, I mean, I'm 
sorry but shit you are damn hot standing there like that!  he muttered 
out with growing excitement. 

Laughing, "Put your eyes back in and help me out would you, I think I
twisted my ankle.  Can you either give me a shoulder to lean on or 
carry me to the house?"  Without a word he scooped me up and headed for 
the house.  I put my arm around him to help support my weight, but he 
really didn't need it.  He still was staring at my body, not being coy 
or shy at all with it anymore. 

At the back door, he sat me down on my feet gently.  As he did, he ran
his hand along my ass.  I gave him a look, hoping he would read me 
enough to push me against the wall right there.  He didn't of course, 
in fact he blushed a little.  I just couldn't make the first move.  I 
wanted him to take advantage of me, not the other way around.  
Sometimes I just need to feel used and wanted.  I turned to open the 
door and brushed my bare ass against his dick, I could feel the heat 
coming from it.  I felt his hand on the small of my back and he pushed 
me against the glass of my patio door, holding me there.  I didn't 
struggle and let him hold me there as I felt his free hand cup my ass 
cheek.  He slipped a finger down into my soaking wet slit and it caused 
shivers to run down my back.  He dragged my wetness across my ass and 
then i felt his hot dick head sliding between my ass cheeks to my 
pussy.  I instinctively pushed back allowing him access.  He let go my 
back and pulled my hips to him, sliding into me as he did.  It was so 
wonderful to feel him and to be in broad daylight.  I had no longer 
thought that when I heard my door bell.  He stopped as sudden as he had 
started.  I sighed as he pulled out of me and quickly left.  "I'll 
catch you later..."  he said as he rounded the corner of my house. 

Cursing who ever was at the door I slid the patio door open and started
crossing the den.  The second doorbell made me irritated and I nearly 
forgot how I was dressed, well undressed before I swung the door open.  
I had a robe in the closet next to the door.  I pulled what was left of 
my shirt off and dropped it in the floor of the closet as I was pulling 
the robe shut.  I opened my door to see my mail man standing there with 
a package. 

"Sorry to bother you, but this one came C.O.D.  and I can't leave it on
the step.  Would you mind terribly or should I come back tomorrow?"  he 
spit out in a hurried manner.  He was also giving me a head to toe 
look. 

"Of course, come on in, I'll get my check book and take care of it now."
 I told him as I swung the door open wide and turned to get my purse.  
I felt the heat between my legs growing and was seriously considering 
jumping this poor guy.  My robe wasn't meant for public show.  It only 
came down about 3/4 my ass and I know I was giving him a real good 
show.  That is also the reason he was giving me such a look before, my 
pussy just peeks out in front. 

"$47.50 is the total..." he was saying as I bent over to pick my purse
up off the floor.  I felt the fabric slide up over my ass fully 
exposing myself to him.  I was so hot from John that when i stood up I 
didn't bother to hold the robe closed.  I wrote the check out with my 
back turned and when i turned to give him the check he nearly fell 
over.  He could see almost all of my front side with the robe open.  I 
walked toward him holding out the check for him to grab, but he just 
stared at me, not taking it.  To get his attention i took the check and 
ran it down my chest until his eyes broke free of me and I once again 
held it out for him.  He held it as he scanned the package, trying not 
to look away from me the whole time.  I couldn't stand it anymore and 
leaned back into the counter, running my hands all over my body, 
stopping to pull on one nipple and roll the other between my fingers.  
He stopped and again stared at me, not saying a word until i slipped my 
hands between my legs, trying to finger my clit with one hand while 
playing with my hole with the other.  "I must be going!  I uh, have a, 
uh, schedule to keep."  he managed to stammer out.  he sat the package 
down and almost ran out of the house to his truck.  i just slid to the 
floor and spread my legs and began rubbing my slit as fast as I could 
while pumping two fingers into myself at the same time.  I watched as 
people drove by out on the street with my door still wide open.  I 
silently wished for another delivery as I had a powerful orgasm.... 

Sitting there, my legs spread wide for anyone who looked in my door, I
couldn't keep my hands off myself.  I crawled to the door and swung it 
shut as I laid back in the floor and started working on my clit again. 




