The Start
byjulesteve©

The Start Pt. 16: Nerd Encounter

Mutual public masturbation with a nerd friend.

After the interlude of 'Curious Friend,' I will return to the tales of my early exhibitionist adventures and sexual awakening that my friend had been so interested in.

The day after having sex in the library, I was in a reflective mood, thinking about how games with my stranger differed from those I had with my neighbour and his friends. The stranger led our encounters, encouraging me to be adventurous, while I led the fun with my other friends.

My stranger was more experienced than I was, while I was more outgoing, confident and experienced than my other playmates.

Both scenarios excited me. There was a sense of security in exploring with the stranger and my nerd friends. I knew they both enjoyed and appreciated our encounters and wouldn't do anything to jeopardize the fun.

Reaching college, I was in a naughty mood throughout the morning lectures, making sure to give little ,flashes' of my panties as I sat. I was disappointed that my computer club friends were absent from their usual spot at the bottom of the stairs, trying to sneak a peek up skirts. Mine sat at mid-thigh and would have given a glimpse of my pale blue panties as I climbed the steps.

As I walked through the library, I saw one of the nerds and gave him a little wave. He went red, so teasing, I gently flipped my grey pleated skirt over my bare thighs, showing my panties as I rounded an aisle, hoping he'd follow, yet unsure what to do.

It was an end aisle, between the wall and shelving, with the only way in being the way I'd entered. I needed to look at a reference book, so there was a genuine, if fortunate, reason for me standing in one of the few secluded places in the library.

Eventually, after a few minutes, my nerd friend slyly looked around the shelving. I smiled at him, and again his cheeks coloured. I gestured, and he came to stand beside me. Still looking through the book, I said. 'I saw you watching me.'

He shuffled his feet, clutching his backpack and stuttered out. 'Sorry.'

I laughed and said, 'I thought you'd know I like being looked at by now.'

I wouldn't have expected he could have got any redder, but he did.

'Would you like to have some fun with me?' I asked, 'Perhaps do more than look?'

He looked around and whispered, 'where?'

I smiled, 'here if you're brave enough.'

I knew he was a virgin and suspected he would walk over hot coals to feel a breast, let alone what I had in mind. I pushed a little, seeing how brave he was.

'Did you like watching me touch myself in the photo booth?'

He nodded, still red.

'Did you take one of the photos?'

He said yes, then again even quieter when I asked, did you masturbate while looking at it?'

His honesty surprised me, considering how embarrassed he was.

'Would you like to touch me, cum on me instead of in your hand?'

Before he could answer, I added, 'but you have to do exactly what I say.'

I knew he'd agree without his answer, but I was curious about how far he'd go in public. Not everyone was brave enough, although I expected he would soon be too caught up in fun to worry. Pointing to the shelving, I said, 'why don't you drop your bag by mine, then stand behind me.'

He stood close, but not close enough, and I took his hands, pulling them to my thighs, just below my skirt. Then guided his fingers to lightly stroke the side of my leg, working their way up until they rested on the cotton of my panties.

The skirt was pleated, split at the side, and fastened with three buttons. I liked it because it showed off a generous amount of leg, sometimes my panties when it flipped over in a breeze and often my pussy when I didn't bother with panties.

He gasped as I opened each button and pulled it from around my waist, as I didn't want to walk around with a wet spot of cum on it. Naked, but for my cotton panties, I braced my hands against the shelf and arched my back. I pushed my butt back into his crotch and felt his erection pressing into me. He didn't move. His fingers felt hot through my panties, tightening on me as I said.

'You're going to get us both off, but it's over if you do anything except what I tell you, understood?'

He said 'yes, OK' in almost a whisper, then, 'what do I do?'

My heart was racing as I said. 'You can touch me over my panties.'

His fingers roamed across my lightly clothed cheek, but I said.

'I meant my pussy.'

There was an intake of breath from him, he hesitated, and I wondered if he would touch me. Suddenly I felt a finger between my legs, gentle and slow, moving with no urgency as he traced lightly back and forth along my slit as if he was afraid of doing so. I was instantly damp but tensed as his fingers reached the elastic of my panties.

'Just over, not under.' I said, loud enough that I heard a panicked gasp of 'sorry.'

He paused until I said encouragingly, 'don't stop. What you were doing was nice.' And after a moment, his fingers moved, tracing across the smooth damp material of my panties, exploring the shape of my mound, caressing the slit just firm enough so that the material moulded against me. He could feel the lips and slight fuzz of hair through them, the shape of me, but not my actual flesh. Usually, when wearing the pleated skirt, I'd either wear thong panties or not bother with underwear, as I liked the risk and feel of it swishing on my bare skin. I was pleased I'd chosen panties instead because somehow it was far more intimate, having his fumbling, nervous fingers stroking me over them instead of exploring, probing inside me.

His touch felt wonderful, even though his virgin fingers traced inexpertly, almost clumsily, over the same spot, with no idea of touching my clit or varying the speed or firmness of his caress. Even so, it was exciting, and a pleasant tingle was building between my legs.

His erection was resting against the crease of my buttocks, and I told him to take it out and rest it on the thin barrier of material. Again he hesitated, and I wondered if he'd be too scared. Then I felt him tug his joggers and boxers down just enough to free his penis.

Before he could get any ideas, I said. 'Rub against my panties' as I pushed back at him, wiggling my hips. One hand on my thigh, the other stroking my slit, he moved against me, his cock lying between my cheeks. With my encouragement, he eventually started to move against me, masturbating his cock against my buttocks.

A shiver of pleasure ran through me and intoxicating thoughts raced through my mind as the dampness between my legs told of how turned on I was. In one way, I wanted him to touch more than just the crease of my panties and feel his cock against my flesh. But somehow, this was more exciting. Allowing him to play without actually touching. I wanted to feel his cum soaking into my panties as my orgasm wet his fingers through the thin cotton.

At first, his cock rubbed up and down my crease, but as he became more excited, he pushed harder, the shaft parting my cheeks. His index finger caused my panties to ride deeper into my crease as he started to lose control. Suddenly he gasped and pressed the hand between my legs hard against me, cupping my pussy, the tip of his middle finger disappearing between my lips into my most intimate place, along with my panties, as his cock twitched between my cheeks. I jerked as a powerful orgasm washed over me, the sudden contact with my flesh sending me over the edge. At the same time, cum splashed between my buttocks as the swollen head throbbed and shot its load. A dribble ran between and over the back of my thighs. My vagina soaked the material pushed up between my legs and the fingers he had pressed to me as I doubled over, my breath ragged, waves of pleasure causing my legs to tremble.

It was all over in moments. Both of us had cum quickly, and as we calmed down, I glanced around, wondering if we'd been seen or heard.

We hadn't, but even so, my nerd friend had tucked himself away in record time and was looking embarrassed, but even though our fun had lasted only a few minutes, it had been as exciting and daring as sex with my stranger.

My panties were a ruined mess, so smiling, I reached between my legs, dipped a finger right up inside myself, and slowly pulled my pants from my sopping slit. His eyes were wide as I slipped them off and stood in front of him with my legs apart, using wet wipes from my bag to clean off. Everything he could have hoped to see was open and exposed to him for a brief moment before I wrapped my skirt around my waist, took up my books and, without a word, walked to the stairs, the nerd following not too far behind.

He passed me as I stood outside enjoying the breeze blowing about my bare nether regions, the skirt flipping dangerously close to exposing my nakedness.

I smiled and said, 'thanks for the fun.'

Shyly and puzzling, he replied, 'I'll be at the party later. I hope you're invited.' And carried on his way before I could ask what he was talking about.

A thrill ran through me at the thought of being seen walking back down pantie-less in the flimsiest of skirts, naked and a little damp, wondering if anyone would see my pussy, either there or on the breezy walk back across campus.

I like being seen and wasn't disappointed when my skirt blew up over my buttocks as I crossed the road, getting a honk from a passing car.

Stopping for a coffee, I teased, sitting in a window seat, turned, legs slightly apart so that anyone glancing at the right angle would have a glimpse between my legs, and from the double takes, I got there were several lucky people.

Turned on thinking over the few minutes I'd had with the nerd and desperate to touch myself, I couldn't wait to get home for a long shower and perhaps a little fun teasing the neighbour...was I in for a surprise.
