The Faker
byShyShowoff©

The Faker Ch. 01

Kathy Simpson was always shy about her body and her beauty. She was 19, 5'5" with a slim build, light brown hair and beautiful small, perky breasts. She always took great care of herself but dressed to hide her body, usually looking downright frumpy. The boys in high school almost never paid any attention to her, which was just the way she liked it. She had wanted to concentrate on her studies, and boys were just a distraction.

Now in her first year at college, Kathy had a steady boyfriend she loved but could never seem to break out of her shell... until things started to change one day after a trip to buy a new bathing suit.

She was trying on a fairly low cut, blue one piece suit with a red racing stripe from top to bottom. Even though it was fairly modest she know it would accentuate her athletic build and couldn't wait to show her boyfriend next time they went swimming. He adored her small perky boobs and she wanted a tight suit to show off... just for him.

The changing rooms in the store were simple but adequate. A row of three little cubicles at the back of the store, each with a mirror, bench and a single curtain for a door that faced out into the store. Kathy liked this store because the curtain was full length, from above her head to just a few inches off the floor, unlike some of the newer stores where you could almost look over the curtain while changing and it barely came down to your knees!

Undressing to try on clothes always made her blush a little. Knowing she was almost naked with strangers so close always gave her butterflies. As per store regulations she left her panties on but took off everything else to try on the suit. There were no returns on bathing suits and she wanted to make sure it fit right so she had worn the smallest, tightest pair of panties she owned.

They were light pink and basically see through all over except where a double layer of material covered her privates. The outline of her shaved pussy was clearly visible, as was the landing strip she had recently trimmed into almost non existance. Thinking how she had never even let her boyfriend see her in these made her blush a little deeper red. She'd always rather just get naked with him than 'put on a show' as he put it.

Just as Kathy was realizing the suit was too big for her small chest, the salesgirl that was helping her spoke through the curtain. "How does it fit?"

"It's a little big in the chest but otherwise great. Would the next size smaller be OK or will it be to small for the rest of me?" Kathy asked.

"It'll be perfect. That material will stretch quite a bit and give you a really sexy fit. Stay there and take that one off, I'll go grab the other one for you." she replied and went off to find a smaller size for her.

Kathy did as she was told and took off the old suit. Standing in just her panties, she waited for the girl to return with the smaller size.

When the upbeat nineteen year old salesgirl returned with the suit, she just pulled the curtain on the change room open about a foot and stood there looking right at the almost naked Kathy! She had both her hands outstretched into the room, one with the new suit and one wanting the old suit, as if it was the most normal thing in the world to do!

Mortified, Kathy just stood there, hands at her side, unable to move or cover herself.

Mind racing, she barely heard the salesgirl ask "Do you need anything else?" since she was too busy coming to the realization that she was actually excited by this turn of events. "Why am I letting her look at me?" she thought. Just then she looked over the girls shoulder and saw two boys who appeared to be just a little older than her shopping with their girlfriends. One nudged the other and motioned in her direction and she just stood there and locked eyes with him, hands still at her sides.

Kathy new the boys could see nothing more than her head and maybe a little bit of her bare shoulders since the salesgirl was standing directly in front of the curtain blocking their view... but she also knew she was somehow a little disappointed they couldn't see more! What the hell? She had NEVER wanted to show off her body before.

"No, uh, thanks... That's all I, uh, need." she finally stammered, so the girl closed the curtain and walked away.

After a few seconds, Kathy recovered enough to try on the new suit, which fit perfectly. The salesgirl was definitely right. The suit stretched out to fit her and it looked amazing. Now a little tighter to fit her chest, the bottom stretched out like a second skin and left little to the imagination.

While taking the suit off and wondering if she had the guts to wear something so tight in public, Kathy started to think again about how she felt when she locked eyes with that guy while basically standing naked. She wasn't sure she understood exactly, but she knew she wanted to find out if it had actually turned her on to be looked at or if she was just startled by what happened.

Then she had the idea that would change her forever.

Peeking through the crack in the curtain she saw the boys a few feet from the change rooms leaning on a table. They looked bored and were obviously waiting for their girlfriends to try something on. Stripping down to just her panties again, she held one arm over her small boobs making sure they were completely covered, holding the bathing suit in the other hand and letting it hang in front of her pussy. She took a deep breath and before she could chicken out she loudly slid open her curtain door all the way and casually walked out of the change room as if it were a normal thing to do.

Once outside her changing cubicle, she walked right up to the boys and said "Sorry, but I want to change this for a red one."

Neither boy said anything and neither moved, they just continued to stare at her panties and arm covered boobs. Trying to sound normal and a little annoyed she said "You're kind of in my way..."

Realizing almost simultaneously that she meant that she wanted something on the table they were leaning and wanted them to move they both jumped up and moved to the side without a word. Kathy used her free hand to set the blue suit down and grab a red one in her size. Then, as calmly as she could force herself to, she walked the few steps back to her changing room feeling the boys eyes on her the whole way.

After pulling the curtain closed it was all she could do to keep standing. "Definitely turned on." She thought to herself as she felt a small wet spot slowly spreading on her panties.

"Was that girl naked?" was all she heard of the conversation as the boys girlfriends joined them and they walked out of earshot.

* * *

A few days later, she told her boyfriend Mark about the experience. She was unsure how he'd react but they both got so turned on talking about it they had the best sex they'd ever had. That was when the idea started to take shape. Lying in bed, both still naked, Mark explained his idea to her.

"What do you mean 'pretend' to be hypnotized?" she said.

"Just that... I'll tell people you went to get hypnotized to lose your fear of something or other and I slipped the guy a hundred bucks to add a few suggestions you would have to follow." he explained again.

"I'll say he programmed you do anything I say and believe anything I say without hesitation. That way you get to experience all the things you want to do, without anyone knowing you actually WANT to do them... they'll think you won't even remember! It's perfect!"

"But what if you tell me to do something I actually DON'T want to do? How do I refuse without letting on to anyone watching that I'm not really hypnotized?"

"You'll just have to trust me and play along." Mark said with a wink, his mind racing with ideas of what they could do.

For the next hour, Mark and Kathy worked on the details of the plan. Mark was completely serious, Kathy thought they were just joking around...

* * *

Oh my GOD Mark I can't believe I'm even considering doing this! How did I let you talk me into this?" Kathy said. Sitting on her bed naked, contemplating what she was about to do was almost to much for her.

"Talk you into it? It's all you've been talking about for the last two weeks!" Mark replied

"It's your call Kathy, it's your fantasy (not that I mind helping!) but you can still change your mind any time before we start... but remember once we start you have to do EVERYTHING I say or everyone will know you're just faking it."

"OK. No. I've made up my mind. I WANT to do this. I NEED to do this. I'm GOING to do this!" And with that, she stood up and started to get dressed.

As instructed by Mark, she put on the same sheer panties she had worn to the swimsuit store along with the matching bra. The bra was a half cup that barely covered her nipples and was made of the same almost sheer material as the panties. She completed the outfit with a pair of denim shorts and a tight black tank top.

Stepping out of her bedroom, she paused for a second, looking at herself in the full length mirror in the hallway and thought "Will I really go through with this..."

She answered her question by going downstairs, sitting on the couch, and nervously waiting for the doorbell to ring...


The Faker Ch. 02

"Stop fidgeting," Mark said "you have to look natural!"

"Sorry..." was the only thing Kathy could think to say. Her heart was beating a mile a minute and the palms of her hands were starting to sweat. She kept rubbing them on her jean shorts then rubbing them together... causing them to sweat even more.

"Tonight... don't go too far OK? I'm really nervous and if you push too far I might not be able to keep composed alright?" she said, her voice wavering slightly and her mouth too dry for comfort.

"OK, don't worry - we'll play it by ear and see if you're having fun but remember to keep playing along no matter what I..." and mark was interrupted by the doorbell.

For a second, neither one of them moved or said a word, they just stared at the front door.

"Go answer it!" Kathy finally blurted out. The suspense was killing her. She didn't know who her boyfriend had invited over tonight and it took everything she had to stay seated on the couch and not run back upstairs.

When Mark opened the door and let two guys and a girl in, she breathed a small sigh of relief to herself because she didn't know any of them.

"Hey Kathy, here are the friends I told you about earlier" Mark lied as he led the strangers into her house. "This is John, Kenny and Mary. They all work with me down at the bar on weekends. John's a bouncer and Kenny and Mary tend bar. Thanks for letting us all come over to watch the game."

"Hi, nice to meet you all" Kathy said. Simultaneously wondering what game he was talking about and wanting to scream out loud and run out of the room. Somehow she kept her composure and acted normal. "Can I get everyone a beer?"

"Sure" was the unanimous response so Kathy stood up and headed off to the kitchen, leaving Mark alone with the guests as planned.

From the kitchen, she carefully listened as she got the beers and opened them.

"Dude, I thought she was gonna be naked?"

"Hold your horses... it's more fun this way! Just remember, no touching, no pictures and you CAN'T let on that anything is going on or she might realize what's happening and that'll break the spell. That means no commenting on her body, no weird suggestions etc. Anything I say to her she will do and she will believe anything I say. It will seem completely normal to her... but if you say stuff to her she might react like she normally would and probably freak out OK?"

"Got it..." they all chimed in unison.

Having heard enough, Kathy walked back into the room with an armful of open beer bottles and passed them around. She handed Mark a glass for his, as they had prearranged and asked if anyone else wanted one. Everyone said no so she took her place back on the couch.

They turned the TV on and everyone settled in to watch the game. For almost fifteen minutes nothing happened... it was like Mark was torturing her and making her wait. She kept glancing at him and everyone else in the room. The anticipation was killing her... but she also noticed that Mary was also checking her out as much as the guys, looking her up and down... could she actually be as interested as the boys? The thought almost made Kathy moan out loud.

A quick burst of action in the game... a breakaway... and a goal! Everyone jumps up to cheer and Mark 'accidentally' spills some beer on Kathy's shirt.

"Ahhh! That's cold!" Kathy blurted as she jumped up. She was genuinely surprised and since she had no idea what he had planned she played the part perfectly.

"Oh, I'm so sorry honey! Stay here and I'll go upstairs and grab you a towel and a new shirt, just a sec"

A few seconds later Mark reappears with both hands empty, to the surprise of everyone, including Kathy.

"Here's a towel, dry yourself off a little hon. I'm so sorry I spilled that on you!" Mark said as he held out his empty hand.

It took a second for Kathy to realize what was happening... that this was actually happening... now. She reached out and took the pretend towel from him and started dabbing her neck and shirt, pretending to be drying off. Around the room their guests eyes and smiles were wide as they realized Mark wasn't lying. He really could make her think and do anything he wanted!

"Here, hand me that towel and change into this T-shirt I brought you, I'll hold up the towel for privacy... unless you want to put on a show for the guys?" Kathy made her best "as if!" face and everyone laughed a little as mark held up the pretend towel in front of her.

Kathy took a deep breath, tried to calm herself down a little and as slowly as possible she pulled her tank top up and over her head, letting it drop to the floor next to the couch. Everyone in the room had a perfect view of her perfect small breasts and nipples showing through the see through fabric of her bra. Kathy could not believe how exhilarated she felt!

Reaching out a hand to Mark, Kathy made the universal 'give it to me' motion and said "My shirt? I'm not gonna sit here in my bra all night you perv!" which brought a round of laughter from everyone in the room as they did their best to pretend not to be looking.

Mark diligently handed her the invisible shirt which she went through the motions of putting on. Once the shirt was 'on' Mark, sensing Kathy would actually go a little further, leaned forward and in a loud whisper that all could hear he said "Uh Kath, I think your bra's a little wet... so unless you wanna soak that shirt too you should ditch it."

You could've heard a pin drop on the rug for a few seconds as no one seemed to breathe or move until Kathy broke the silence. Looking just at Mark she whispered back "OK, hold the towel there a few more secs."

Kathy pretended to pull her arms inside the sleeves of her invisible shirt, reach behind and undid the clasp of her bra. Keeping her eyes locked with Marks she slowly slid her bra off and dropped it onto floor, kicking the wet shirt she dropped before on top of it.

She couldn't believe she just did that. She actually just stripped off her top and bra in front of these people and was now standing topless. Somehow this was fulfilling a need and desire she had always had, but never realized. A sense of excitement, fulfillment and power surged through her as she stood there. No one seemed to notice how hard she was breathing, they just stared at her perfect little boobs moving up and down...

"Wow." John suddenly blurted out, breaking her thoughts and bringing Kathy back to the real world.

"What?" asked Kathy, now standing topless in a room full of strangers. Mark had dropped the 'towel' and sat back down.

"Uh, uh, nothing. Just they're playing really badly today..." he said, pointing at the TV.

"Oh, yeah." Said Kathy, having no idea if it were true. With all eyes on her she said she had to use the bathroom and asked if anyone needed a beer on her way back.

Once in the bathroom she nearly collapsed. 'Holy shit. Holy Fucking Shit! I can't believe how fucking horny this is making me!' she thought to herself as grabbed some toilet paper and dried the damp from her pussy lips. The panties were so tight they riding up inside her a little every time she moved, caressing and putting pressure on her now aching clit. Feeling like she didn't need the extra help getting turned on, she took them off and decided to just wear the loose jean shorts she had on. No one would notice and she wasn't planning on taking those off tonight anyways, she thought.

Since no one had asked for a beer she casually walked topless back into the living room, all eyes on her bare breasts and flat hard body, and took her seat on the couch. The only difference now was that Mary took the seat right next to her and sat close enough that their shoulders were touching a little with every movement.

Heart racing and pussy throbbing she looked around the room and was quite excited to see everyone focusing on her body. She could not believe how excited she was to be topless, showing herself off to these strangers. Her mind began to wander and think of all the things she wanted to do and all the places she could do them in. She also began to realize that it was partially the ACT of undressing in front of people and the fact that she was teasing them that really turned her on... showing off her hard body and perfect little boobs was starting to give her a sense of power she didn't realize she had. And she liked it.

At first intermission Mark decided it was time to take get Kathy a little more undressed. He decided to get her to strip off her shorts, leaving her in just those sexy panties he had her wear.

"Hey Kath, looks like I actually spilled some beer on your shorts too. You should get out of them before they stain. Your shirt goes half way to your knees and covers everything anyways so you should just take the shorts off here." he said slowly and deliberately, doing his best imitation of a magician giving orders to an assistant.

Now really panicking and trying not to hyperventilate, Kathy realized the fatal mistake she made taking off her panties. Without her shorts she would be completely naked!

Seeing her hesitate a little, Mark added "It's OK Kath. You have panties underneath your shorts and everything is fine. No one will mind you being dressed like that, after all it's still more than you wear at the beach. So go ahead and do it now."

She knew she had to follow his orders or risk being discovered as a faker. For a second she thought she couldn't get away with it... everyone would realize her lie when she had no panties on! Almost instantly though she realized she would fine. She could pretend she had panties on since Mark TOLD her she had panties on, and she had to believe everything he said right?

Heart pounding, head thumping, she barely heard herself squeak "OK, that makes sense."

All eyes turned to her and the room grew quiet as she stood up, slowly undid the button and started to unzip her jean shorts. After looking at Mark for confirmation, and getting a slight nod and look that said 'What are you waiting for?' she slid the zipped all the way down and dropped her shorts to floor and stepped out them. Pretending to hold down her invisible shirt she giggled as calmly as she could, "You're right... my shirt covers my panties completely and it actually does cover more than what I would wear at the beach" and with that did a quick twirl and sat back down.

Everyone was stunned, especially Mark. He had no idea she had taken off her panties, no idea she would actually show her pussy to everyone and especially had no idea she had completely shaved this morning! She was totally hair free. Mark had never seen her shaved and couldn't believe she had done that. Her tight little 'innie' pussy lips, moist and glistening from her excitement were on complete display until she sat back down. All three guys in the room suddenly had to sit back and cover themselves to hide their instant erections.

John had never seen a shaved pussy in his entire life and could not stop staring at her as she sat down. Even after sitting, with her pussy totally hidden he couldn't stop looking at the hairless, smooth patch of skin below her waist. Kathy could see the effect it had on him and decided to play it up. In for a penny, in for a pound!

She stood up, enjoying the mesmerizing effect she had on everyone. As she walked slowly over to stand beside the easy chair John was sitting in she saw Kenny rearranging his pants to try to hide his erection and noticed Mary's finger slowly moving across her lips. With her back facing the room, she stood with her hips mere inches from his John's face. Her freshly shaved pussy now on full display, she held her 'shirt' down with one hand and reached for a magazine from the shelf behind and above his head with the other.

The reaching brought her body ever so slightly closer to John. He let out a slight sigh and willed himself to control his hands. He didn't want to risk touching her and ruining the moment. Instead, he stared, creating a mental picture he could draw on later. He was in heaven.

Kathy held the pose for a few seconds while 'searching' for the right magazine in the stack. She could literally feel John's breath on her pussy and it was delicious. Warm and moist and she had to control herself not to push forward, begging him to explore her with his tongue. Casting the thoughts aside, she grabbed a random magazine, turned around and went back to sit on the couch beside Mary.

John wasn't even trying to hide his erection any more. He was breathing heavy and had one had on the tent in his pants. No one spoke until Mary giggled a little and pointed at John's hard-on. Leaning in to Kathy she said "Looks like John likes your little outfit!"

Playing along, Kathy whispered back "Yeah, I guess I should go put some more clothes on so I don't make him uncomfortable."

"No! You look really cute..." Mary said, her voice trailing off as she realized what she was saying and just how loud and quick she said it.

Kathy couldn't believe this... Mary wanted her to stay naked as much as the guys did!

Kathy leaned over to Mary and said "He's turned on and hasn't even seen my panties... let's see how he reacts if I flash him a peek! Oh my God I'm so bad!" She may have been acting flirty and nonchalant on the outside but on the inside she was screaming 'Oh my GOD I can't believe I'm flashing my pussy for them!"

Mark was sitting on the love seat, directly across from the other guys and Mary. Kathy got up, still holding her 'long shirt' down with one hand and sat on Marks lap, facing out towards the room with her back leaning into his chest.

She put her arms up and around his neck and turned her head to give him a good long kiss, stretching her already tight little body to the max and creating the firmest , perkiest tits anyone in the room had ever seen. With arms still up around his neck, she slid one leg a little over Mark's which had the effect of creating a tiny, perfect little line of site to her bald pussy. Mark could take a hint.

With all eyes on Kathy, Mark slightly pushed open his legs, which opened Kathy's a little further and put her on full wide open display for the group. John and Kenny sat dumbfounded and quiet, both instinctively squeezing their erections through their pants. Mary just stared and slightly moistened her lips with her tongue. When she finally lookup up, Kathy was looking right at her, grinning from ear to ear making eye motions as if saying 'Look at me teasing them! They're getting an eyeful of my panties! Ha Ha!'.

While watching Kathy Mary had brought her knees up to her chest and wrapped her arms around her legs. This action unintentionally gave Kathy and Mark a view right up her skirt where the wet spot on her panties was quite evident.

Kathy leaned back pretending to nibble on Marks ear a little and whispered "She's as excited as they guys, and I'm about to explode... I need to go 'take care' of myself before it becomes obvious. I'll be back in a few minutes."

"No," Mark whispered, "do it here, let us all watch."

"I can't do that! I've NEVER done that, even for YOU!"

"Yes you can... you want to, you know you do..." he quietly whispered back as he nibbled on her earlobe.

Kathy hesitated and turned to look around the room for a second. Seeing all eyes fixated on her throbbing pussy, the game on TV completely forgotten, she closed her eyes and imagined doing what he was suggesting. Just thinking about it almost sent her over the edge.

Hearing nothing but her own racing heartbeat and heavy breathing she leaned back for another nibble on his ear. Eyes still closed, mind still imagining the scene, she whispered "I do. I do want to... you have to make me... please make me..."


The Faker Ch. 03

Eyes still closed, Kathy kept leaning back onto her boyfriend Mark's body on the love seat. Sitting naked in his lap, in a room full of strangers, legs slightly parted and feeling her boyfriends growing erection was almost more than she could take. Never in her wildest dreams did Kathy think she could ever do this. It was exhilarating. It was unbelievable. It was satisfying. It was... powerful.

Mark leaned into her and whispered "Keep your eyes closed and play along" she quietly grunted more than said "Mmm hmm" as a response.

"OK Kathy, I want you to keep your eyes closed for a while and not hear anything anyone says until I talk directly to you again OK?" Mark said.

"OK" she replied and kept her eyes closed, body tight against Mark's.

"Ok everyone, she's out for a bit, we can talk." he said to his friends.

"Holy Shit Mark!" both Kenny and John said almost simultaneously.

Mary was a bit slower to reply, choosing her words carefully. "Yeah, this is... awesome. I can't believe she's actually naked and doesn't realize it. She's really hot."

"OK," Mark said, "I have an idea. But you all have to co-operate. I'm gonna tell her you're all gone and let her know she's naked with just me... but tell her to imaging you are all still here watching her naked. That means you can talk to her and comment on her etc but there's one more thing..."

"What?" asked Mary.

"Since she's the one 'pretending' you're all here... she would also be able to control you, tell you what to do, you know what I mean. If it's her pretending she's in control right? So before I do this are you all game to play along? Who knows what she will want. It might get a little... embarrassing for you? Are you all game?"

Kenny and John almost immediately both responded with a big yes, a big grin and a big tent in their pants. Mary was a little slower, thinking about what this meant.

"So I have to do anything she says?" she asked.

"No, how about we have a safe word. Anyone says 'Chocolate Cake' and I'll put her back to sleep. How does that sound? That way you only have to do what you actually are OK with doing.

"OK" all three agreed and nodded their head, and Kenny made them all chuckle with a little 'Woo Hoo!'.

"OK Kathy, keep your eyes closed and listen carefully to me. All our company has left. It's just you and me home now. You're naked and sitting with me on the love seat here but when you open your eyes you're going to imagine that Mary, Kenny and John are all still here with us. Watching us. Seeing you naked. After you open your eyes it's your choice what to do next. Everything you want to happen will happen, we will all be able to see what you imagine and you will feel everything just as if it's real. OK, open your eyes".

Everyone held their breath a little as Kathy opened her eyes and looked around the room, locking eyes with each of their guests then slowly looked down at her naked body. Making it seem like a shy unconscious movement she moved one hand down to cover her pussy and one hand up to cover her small tits.

John spoke up "Kathy, don't cover up, you're beautiful!"

Kathy giggles a little and moved her hands.

"What do you want to do now?"

Without a word Kathy stood up, turned around and faced Mark. She leaned forward, bending at the waist to give everyone a good view of her ass and pussy from behind, and pulled on Mark's jeans. "Take these off" she ordered. Without hesitation he pulled his jeans and underwear off, proudly sporting the hardest erection he could remember.

Kathy pulled him by his legs making him slouch forward so far that half his ass was almost off the front of the cushion then turned around, put her legs outside his, sat back in his lap and leaned back onto his chest. Mark's hard-on was now blocking the view of her pussy as she rocked herself up and down, pushing her pussy hard into her boyfriends dick but not going high enough to let him enter her.

"Yeah Kathy, fuck him!" John said. "Yeah" was all Kenny could muster up as a response. Mary just sat and watched quietly all the while locking eyes with Kathy.

"Mmmm yeah that feels fucking amazing" Mark said, "Let me in..."

"Not yet" Kathy replied as she slid her hand down and slid two fingers down her slit -- one side putting pressure on herself, the other sliding along the length of Mark's erection. "Would you be mad if I enlisted some help from our guests to help get me off?"

"No"

Kenny and John looked at each other like their ship had finally come in! She was actually going to get them involved!

Kathy got up, walked straight over to John and leaned in to kiss him. With one hand she took John's hand and moved it up to her breast and made him squeeze, with the other she gave his hard-on a squeeze through his pants.

After a few seconds she broke the kiss and stood up. "Nice" was all she said as she turned and walked over to Kenny. She repeated the procedure only Kenny's hand was guided to her smooth freshly shaved pussy. Kenny quickly found her clit and was starting to play with it when she broke the kiss and said "Oooooh, very nice!". Kenny though he had won the challenge when Kathy suddenly stood up and turned to Mary.

"I always wanted to kiss a girl..."

All three guys started to hoot and holler, encouraging her, but Mary just breathed a little harder than normal and never broke eye contact with Kathy.

Kathy walked over to Mary, reached out and took her hand and pulled her to her feet. Slowly, Kathy leaned in for a kiss. Timid and gentle at first but then passionate and hard. Mary was responding and Kathy loved it. She was the only one naked but she felt like she could make them do anything right now.

Kathy dropped her hands from Mary's back to her waist and slowly undid the zipper holding her skirt up. Feeling no resistance, she undid it all the way and moved her hands back up. It was now only the pressure of her body against Mary's keeping her skirt up. She slowly backed away, letting the skirt fall to Mary's feet and to her surprise Mary stepped out of it and kicked it away.

Leaving her standing in the middle of the room in her underwear and shirt, Mary returned to her 'seat' on Mark's lap. Pussy once again pushing on his hard-on, almost like she'd slide right off him if it wasn't there.

"Do you think she's sexy?" Kathy asked Mark. "Because I do."

She motioned for Mary to come closer. Once close enough she put a hand behind Mary's neck and pulled her in for a kiss. She took her right hand and moved it onto her chest, where Mary start feeling and squeezing her nipples as they kissed. Slowly, Kathy took Mary's left hand slid it down towards her pussy. Feeling no resistance she continued until, without further effort on Kathy's part, Mary was moving her hand on her own.

Kathy knew Mary would let her do anything as soon as Mary slid two fingers down between her pussy and Mark's erection and started to play with her clit. She broke the kiss and looked at Mary, saying "Stand up" and she did.

"Take your shirt off for me"

Mary never looked around the room, and lost in the moment she pulled her shirt off, ignoring all the guys stares. Kathy's hand wandered down and started playing again, as did Kenny and John's hands on their erections.

"Now the rest, I want to see your body" whispered Kathy.

Standing tall and proud and without even the slightest hesitation Mary reached around back and slowly took off her bra and dropped it. In one quick motion she then bent at the waist, pushed her panties down to the floor and stepped out of them all the while never losing eye contact with Kathy.

Kenny and John could not believe their eyes! Never in their wildest dreams could they have imagined this.

Kathy now felt more empowered than ever and was going to have some fun, and let her boyfriend have some too. She stood up and went to Mary, put her arm around her and locked her in a passionate kiss. Her hand grabbing and spreading her ass cheeks so everyone could get a good look. Mary's athletic figure was amazing and her breathing was hard and shallow.

Pointing at Mark she said "You -- UP!" and once he had vacated the seat she promptly took it, and slouched down so her pussy was at the front edge of the cushion. Feeling completely in control she looked at Kenny and John and said "You two, up and over here and take your pants off!".

Without hesitation they both obeyed and once near enough the Kathy she motioned for one to stand on each side of her. She then leaned forward, took Mary's hand and guided down onto her knees in front of her seat. Leaning back, she reached out and took Kenny's throbbing hard-on in one hand, John's in the other and leaned back into the cushions. Without a word she looked at Mary and then down at her pussy and without hesitation Mary leaned in and started to kiss her gently.

Moaning slightly she pressed upwards with her hips, pushing into Mary's waiting tongue as she slowly started stroking the 2 dicks in her hands. Once Mary had fully committed to her task, Kathy looked at her boyfriend standing in the room stroking himself and motioned with her head at Mary's ass, sticking high up in the air.

Not need any more permission than that from his girlfriend, Mark moved forward to test the waters, to see if Mary would let him. He put a hand on her ass and she pushed back into it and slightly spread her legs. The next second Mark was thrusting hard into her pussy, one hand holding her by the hips, one pushing on her ass, forcing her face into Kathy's pussy harder and harder with every stroke.

Looking up at Kenny and John, Kathy said "Whoever cums last gets to fuck me", and started stroking harder and faster, reaching up and cupping their balls every few strokes. John quickly removed his hand from her breast and opened his eyes, determined not to be the one to cum first but to no avail. The more the tried to hold off the quicker he was reaching climax. With a loud "Oh GOD!" he let it go. Kathy kept on pumping and he quick coated her chest with all he had. Knowing he had won, Kenny couldn't hold out any longer and let go just a few seconds after John, adding a second layer of cum on Kathy's tits.

"Looks like you win!" Kathy said as she pushed Mary's head up and told her "Finish Mark with your mouth, he likes that" and motioned for Kenny to move in front of her. Never having lost his hard-on, Kenny was penetrating Kathy almost immediately, pumping as fast as he could.

Mark had laid down on the floor and Mary was dutifully giving Mark a blow-job as she had been told to do. She looked over and saw John standing there, dick still hard, watching Kenny fuck Kathy. With more than a grunt than words she motioned him over and John came up behind her and in one push had fully entered her.

For a time, there were three very satisfied men in the throes of sex, but then in what seemed to be a synchronized moment, all three guys came within seconds of each other.

Kathy, seeing a disappointed look on Mary's face asked "What's wrong?" "I didn't get to cum" came the response. "We can't have that!" Kathy said, and motioned her over. She turned her around and pulled her down to make her sit on her lap and pulled her back to lay on top of her cum covered tits. Ignoring the sticky warm feeling Mary turned her head into Kathy's for a kiss and Kathy used her fingers to find and massage her clit. As she approached climax, Mary began bucking her hips and pressing her lips hard into Kathy's. She didn't even notice the three men standing around her, dicks in hand stroking fiercely until Mark moved close and grabbed a breast with his free hand.

Mary was a loud climaxer and didn't hold back. When she came she let out loud groans and squeezed her fingers into Kathy's head, pulling her close and tight. That was all the guys needed and for the second time in a night an almost synchronized display of ejaculation occurred -- this time all over Mary's chest, stomach and face.

Panting and sweating Mary slowly got up. Covered in cum front and back and said "I'm gonna shower off, who wants to join me?" Kenny and John quickly volunteered and followed her to the guest bath.

"Holy FUCK! What the hell was that?" Mark asked?

"I don't know, but it was fun! I cant believe we did that and THEY did that!!!!!"

"Jesus, OK, lets go upstairs and shower off"

* * *

Coming downstairs after his shower, Mark saw his three guests in the living room, fully dressed with wet hair, all looking sheepishly at other.

"Mark, we never meant to... we're sorry... that got way out of hand." Mary blurted out.

"For what? That was fun! It was all Kathy's fantasy so no worries! She won't remember it's real so just don't tell her. I told her we had sex while she imagined the rest. Since she thought you guys all left hours ago she went to bed already."

Seeing the relieved look on everyone's faces he smiled and said it was time to pack it in. Kenny and John were up and out the front door in seconds, high fiving as they walked away.

Just as Mary was getting up from the couch to leave, Kathy walked down the stairs and into the living room. Still completely naked after her shower, she walked right up to Mary, gave her a big hug and kiss and said "That was fun -- we HAVE to do that again!".

With a wink and a big smile she let Mary go, turned around, and went back upstairs leaving an open mouthed, wide eyed Mary staring after her.

