I, Candi
by SZENSEI
Copyright© 2023 by SZENSEI

Episode 1: SUGAR FREE

Candace “Candi” Palmer loved her husband of three short years and worshipped his every breath. Two months after their wedding day Damian Palmer was deployed by the military and was sent on an extended stay in the once dreaded war zones of Iraq. One of the 2,500 troops still residing there after much of the forces were released to go home in 2021, Damian was hanging in there. So was Candi! Even without him here at home she had a pretty good life. Money was tight but the home Damian’s grandmother left them was paid off, his pay kept the utilities on, food in her belly. The good thing about Candace was she was patient and truly didn’t require much. Her father often sent her money to help without asking so that was a plus. The main problem was boredom. Keeping fit, sunbathing when weather permitted, yard work, and painting just was not enough. She considered a second job but Damian didn’t want her to work more than her part-time gig at a fitness center, so she didn’t. No real friends here in smalltown Missouri all she had was her father-in-law and Damian’s younger brother as close family. She was never the most social beauty anyway, but the days were getting longer. Hell, she couldn’t even have pets for allergies. Sad!

Her only communication with Damian was the occasional video conference that was allowed, or daily e-mails. Each day she would wake up and greedily absorb his love letters and visions of a better future. The only drawback that troubled her over the last two-plus years was their lack of sexual intimacy. She had been absolutely faithful, as had he. Yet it was sorely missed. Toys and fingers were just not enough. They of course would have phone sex and she would tease him via the video conference when she could, but it remained difficult to expose too much over a government channel. This frustrated both of them to no end. Short videos by e-mail were easier but that often meant many videos in order to be sent properly. Even those were becoming stale, it was the same old thing each and every time. Bedroom! Living room! Kitchen! Shower! Bathtub! She was running out of ideas how to make things special.

Candi had used her laptop’s webcam to make most of her short videos for him which were seldom quality because she could never capture the right angles and viewpoint to satisfy herself, let alone him. After a year of trying Damian told her that she needed to find herself someone trustworthy to assist in videotaping her desires for him. That blew her mind that he would even request such a thing. Not opposed, just no candidates! No way was she asking any of their neighbors, either they were ancient, or just plain creepy.

When received she would read that e-mail dozens of times before writing back. He was the only man she had ever been with in her 22 years of existence. Her shyness kept her from so many experiences in the past and dating was innocent in her teens even though boys certainly tried. Quite a few actually. She was far from undesirable. Just raised well! In total she might have dated a dozen, but not putting out ended most of them. A chance basketball game at her former high school she met Damian, the rest was shooting stars more than shooting hoops. Damian, there to support a friend’s brother was older but the allure was just too great. At the time 24, Damian was certainly a charmer, buff, tan, a definite athlete. They kept in touch after that game, inevitably there for her in every way. Once the father’s met it was game on, they got along great at first. Both widowed it made sense to share a kindred spirit. Diamond ring poised before her it was all over. I do! I do too!

At 5’5 barely 120 pounds Candace was incredibly gifted with perfect teeth, and fair complexion. Long silky blond hair drifted over golden shoulders. Blue eyes captured more attention than even she ever noticed. That and of course her heart shaped ass, and 38C tits. Her curse she would call those. Damian would argue otherwise. He worshipped those babies any way he could.

As she read this e-mail suggestion one last time for the evening she pondered if she could fulfill the request. For long moments she stared at his mail biting her nails. Finally, she shivered and closed the e-mail before standing up to stretch. All she wore was an old thin white t-shirt that belonged to Damian which clung to her bold chest yet drifted over her hips like a dress. Truth be told that shirt was Damian’s father’s but never given back in Damian’s youth. So old that the cotton was almost too thin, she could see her tan through it. Pretty fucking sexy! Her favorite shirt to sleep in.

She noted her areolas sensitivity along with her nipples puncturing the cotton in an attempt to rip free. As if they could! “Uggggh!” Frustrated here she was re-opening that e-mail against her better judgment reading it yet again. It never got old. Not so much acted upon as he requested but still on her thoughts.

“Why am I procrastinating? Damian wants this and I’m failing him. I swore to him I would always give him whatever he wanted. Yet here I sit a year later. He hasn’t complained, but I know he’s depressed. I really do need to find someone to assist me. I’m just clueless as to who. I literally know no one.” Breaking her trance, she got up and stretched once more from sitting so long at her desk in the smallest bedroom of their humongous home. Lemonade sounded good.

Lights out in the room she traveled down a creaky staircase and went to the kitchen. Fridge, open she brought out a pitcher of lemonade and poured a small glass before putting it away. Strolling her home as she sipped her drink puckering at the tartness, she stared out her picture window over the front lawn. Easy Street was predominately quiet on the outskirts of Pleasant Meadow, Missouri, population 4,500 on a good year. Not much here, folks come and go. Drink finished off she sat it aside on a bookcase and simply stood in the window lost in the dimly lit neighborhood. Only crickets could see her at the moment, if they cared.

“I don’t know what I’m afraid of. This town might as well be a cemetery. Four gas stations, six bars, a mom-and-pop grocery. I bet I could walk across town naked and get away with it.” She shivered at that notion as she pinched her nipples, head tilting back at the chaotic visions that the feelings brought on. She wanted to prove to Damian that her love for him could overcome any obstacle. It was just a matter of deciding upon how and who she could trust enough. She most assuredly didn’t want little family she had freaking out over her escapades. Or for her employers finding out info that could cost her what credibility she had established. She loved her job at the fitness center. It kept her busy as well as helping her stay fit.

Modesty refrained her from tight fitting clothing on the job. She could even hear whispers about her frumpy attire, yet she didn’t let it bother her. She loved Damian enough to ignore all sexual comments good or bad. Nor had she let herself admire those who had chiseled bodies. Okay, occasionally her glances noted a few candidates. Kept to herself of course. Small town, those were few and far between. Mostly, the owner but like Candi, he was happily married too.

Squeezing her breasts together she caught a cool breeze sift through the screen of another of her living room windows. It excited her nipples even more. They begged for freedom. A swift glance to her wedding pictures on the wall and her dashing husband made her extremely wet. She noted a second laptop she kept on her coffee table and grinned evilly. Giggling with mischief she turns and gathers her laptop, dragging it with her to the front door. Opening the door, she peered out into the darkness save for the night lighting along the street. Porch light switched on to see by or her laptop camera would be useless she sat it on a wicker table near a porch swing. Nervous still she moved to the rail gazing up and down the street less than forty feet away. Noting very little traffic for 9:00 at night her courage multiplied.

In response she garners the nerve to step out further onto the wooden steps of her not quite Victorian mansion. It was merely an older colonial home with alluring features. Daring to walk out to the mailbox on the curb she again looked both directions. Nothing! Not even a dog barking. Smirking she lifted her t-shirt up over her tits and literally stepped out into the middle of the street and performed a jig. Laughing at herself she released her shirt from clingy elbows and sighed. “I should have set up the laptop to face the street and let Damian see my exhibition. It’s really too dark anyway and the distance would be blurry. Oh, well! So much for that attempt.” He headed back up her sidewalk with her head hung low.

Back on the porch she stepped to her swing and thought of sitting but paused and spun around indecisively in deciding her next move. “I really haven’t done any outdoor shows for Damian. That might put a smile on his face. There should be just enough light up close here that I could at least sit in the swing and play with myself.” Convinced, she rests her laptop on the circular wicker table to the right of the swing to face her. Unsatisfied by the angle she drags the table out in front of the swing. “Front and center!”

Once she decides on the positioning, she steps to the porch railing leaning beside a wooden pillar, absorbing the breeze as it delicately abuses her hair. Careful to be certain of traffic all over again she then examined the porch lighting in hopes her video would find enough source to be legible. The light was by the front door which cast well but not as heavily by the swing. She could only hope for the best and give it a test run. Shivering at the adrenalin coursing through her, she abandons her night shirt to sit on the swing totally nude. Lower lip bitten she starts her webcam and begins recording herself.

“Hey Sexy! I read your e-mail request for the millionth time, and I’ve decided to do what I can to fulfill your every need and desire. After you get this just tell me what you want of me in the future. I’ve finally come to the conclusion that you deserve whatever I can succeed at. Stuck over there so far from me I know you’re going crazy. I miss you so badly. For tonight, this is what you get. I’m naked on our front porch touching myself and thinking about you. I hope you like the ambiance. Bug zapper and 100-watt bulb over the door.” She giggles at her banter while her fingers tempt her clit, rubbing it glossy from her wetness. She refrained from any further words trying to relax her nerves, feet planted on the swing’s bench for a vivid vantage point. Closing her eyes, she did her best to block out the world beyond her swing.

Whimpers exhaled through pouting lips Candi dips two fingers up inside her pussy. In and out, in and out, again and again. Arching her back she widens her feet on the bench for better exposure. Good as it gets!

“Oh, Damian! I wish my fingers were yours. No, I want that big dick.” She sighs continuing her trembling motion. Her free hand reaching up to squeeze her left breast before guiding her nipple up to her swirling tongue, eyes begging toward the camera as she feels her body quake. “God, I miss you inside me. Even the dreaded anal. You spoiled me before you left, those two weeks you came home on leave. Come home again Baby. Come home and make sweet love to me. All day, all night! No sleep!”

Moans become louder and more intense forcing the neighborhood dogs to notice and reply. Yet, in her fantasy realm she doesn’t hear them. In this moment nothing mattered but Damian Michael Palmer and his pleasure. She would stop for nothing. No matter the risk. The ferocity of her hormones wouldn’t allow her to abandon her quest. Maddening to her senses she screamed as she squirted scalding cum all around her burrowing fingers. Her body in turn convulsed, mind reeling from reality. Her intense orgasm had nearly made her pass out.

The night air brought her to her senses.

With a little help.

“Wow! That was fucking awesome.”

“SHIT! KEVIN!!!”

Candi’s eyed bulged wide at the voice before her. Rapidly she gathered her night shirt from the swings arm rest and covered herself shrinking in embarrassment. “Kevin! Oh, my God! You scared the heck out of me. I’m so humiliated.”

Eighteen-year-old Kevin Palmer smirked at her then pointed toward the steps of the porch, “Hey, I’m cool. It’s not me you need to be humiliated by. It’s them.’

Sitting up straight while clinging to her shirt she whined, “Who?” Kevin took his varsity football jacket off and stepped toward Candi gallantly in hopes to cover her before it was too late. Three of Kevin’s fellow senior’s bolted into view to seize the moment before it was lost. Kevin in turn looked back, “C’mon guys! This is my brother’s ole’ lady! Give her a break.”

Candi utilized Kevin’s frame to block their view as she yanked her night shirt over her head and arms, standing to pull it down. She then, shivered dramatically. “What are you doing here? I swear the street was empty when I looked last.” Twenty minutes ago! Lost in herself time snuck right up on her. Just like they did. No wonder the dogs were barking.

Kevin offered his coat, but she declined, still embarrassed. As a result, he puts it back on, then steps over to sit on the porch railing. “We were just walking off some steam. We lost our game tonight. Sorry for our bad timing.” Hearing her moans from down the sidewalk the group silenced themselves in order to sneak up on her this way. Sadly, Kevin was in the lead and definitely not warning his super-hot sister-in-law. Ever since he could remember he had crushed on Candi, brother or not. If the dumbass was going to leave this beautiful woman all alone it was his fault. Kevin dropped by fairly often to check on her, mainly to flirt. Occasionally she flirted back but regardless was always faithful.

One of his buddies’ coughs into his hand, “I’m not!” which made Kevin avoid a chuckle at her expense.

Candi curled up into a fetal position on the swing using the shirt to cover even her toes. Eyes lowered she gasps at her reality, “How long were you standing there?”

Kevin wants to lie but didn’t, “Oh, Damian. I wish my fingers were yours.”

In response she turns pale, “Oh!” realizing that was very early on into her masturbation. “Did they?” Eyes dare to explore his friends’ reactions. All smug she had her answer.

He leers back at his friends, “See you? Through the porch fencing I guess.”

Stunned she ponders their thoughts as they stare at her drooling. Then, she realizes her webcam was still recording. The notice makes her timidly smile. She had sort of given her husband more than he bargained for. Only, she could never send the complete video due to it involving his baby brother. She questioned if she should ever tell Damian. She had too. Sooner or later Damian would hear it from Kevin.

Closing the laptop tightly with an outstretched arm Candi pouted, “Kevin? Let me be the one to tell Damian how I screwed up. Please?”

Kevin cocked an eyebrow, “Screwed up? How? Who cares! We’re all adults. Well, except for Jesse over there. Still in diapers his mom says.”

Candi found it in her to giggle then blushes as Jesse moves over to wrestle with Kevin playfully. Once they stopped Jesse looked down at Candi, “Don’t sweat it! it’s natural! Hell, we all masturbate ten times a day.”

Another friend Roger stepped forward closer to them, followed by the fourth friend Victor, “Says you, Handjob! I get laid ten times a day!” courted Roger.

Roger and Victor then moved to Candi’s opposite side to lean against the siding of the house. Kevin and Jesse both rolled their eyes at Roger’s bragging, Kevin firing back with, “Close your Hustler and stop dreaming!”

Kevin then puts his hands up, “Seriously, Candi! No harm done. Tell my Bro if you want. It was our fault for coming by without calling first. Just prowling the streets and drowning our sorrows. What you did wasn’t a bad thing. Kind of hot actually!” Her knowledge of his longstanding crush, if not spoken of, concerned her. She trusted Kevin but his wandering eyes betrayed him. All of their wandering eyes. That t-shirt was pretty thin and it being pulled tight over her it was second skin, her nipples alone were impossible to avoid even if it hadn’t occurred to her yet.

Each of his friends concurred in their own guttural manner. The words and actions made her feel more at ease, if it just weren’t for them stripping her with starving expressions. Still, she felt shivers of shame one instant and the thrill of being caught exciting her the next. Legs numb from her fetal position she finally allowed her feet and legs to emerge from beneath her cotton cocoon. Toes on the wood floor of the porch she sits up from her slouch. It hadn’t occurred to her that her shirt had wet spots all over the lower half of the hem. A swift glance around her found all eyes on her chest. She didn’t know how to react. Yep! Nipples like bullets! She gave up and folded her arms over them as best she could.

“So you lost your game?”

They all groaned as one as they were reminded. Kevin stammered in his speech faintly, “Yeah, by 22 points. Miserable night! Bitched out by the coach and jilted by the crowd.”

Jesse added, “And the girls.”

Victor hissed, “Gina Collins even. So much for cheerleader moral support.”

Roger then pulled something from his coat pocket that drew Candi’s attention to him as he spoke, “So much for recording our victory. Might as well erase this bitch.”

Suddenly, Candi had an inspiration, turning her profile to gaze at Kevin, “Kevin? Can I ask you a humongous favor?” Kev squinted toward her wondering what she wanted. He noted her hesitance to ask aloud and tried to be a stud by motioning her toward him with a curling finger. She had hoped for the other way around but knew he would be stubborn around his friends.

Summoning the courage to stand she stepped over to him as he stood erect towering over her. At his 6’2 stature she was forced to stretch to reach his ear. In doing so her ass cheeks came into view of Roger and Vic. Their eyes focused on her derriere’s perfection; she could hear their whispers behind her but refrained from hiding.

She mutters, “I know this is hard to ask but Damian wants me to find somebody to videotape me playing with myself. He doesn’t approve of my attempts by webcam. If he trusts anybody it must be you. Right?”

Kevin stares at her eyes as she lowers to her heels looking up at him. He could witness her distress and wishful hopelessness. He then looks over at Roger’s handheld camera. Puckering he gently nudges her aside to motion Roger into a huddle one on one.

“Dude! I need to borrow that camcorder.”

Roger pulls back, “No way! Nobody touches Cecil.” Playfully named after Cecil B. DeMille Kevin argues in whispers for five minutes without success, forcing him to explain why he needed the camera. As Roger heard the request, he nominated himself to be her cameraman. Unfortunately, the other’s picked up on their discussion.

Candi held her face in her hands out of embarrassment. Suddenly, she blurted, “Stop! I’m going to face my humility here for Damian’s sake. He can record me, Kevin. They can watch. I trust you to keep this safe and between us. Obviously, it’s not like they haven’t already seen me.” She hesitates suddenly, “Is everyone here at least eighteen? Please be of age.” They all nodded and grinned at one another, each producing a driver’s license to comfort her feelings toward the subject. As she confirmed their I.D.s the guys drooled over her.

Kevin couldn’t keep his temperament in check any longer. “Dudes! This IS my sister-in-law! If I find out anybody here spreads rumors, I’ll beat them bloody.” His drama made Candi smile. It was nice to know Kevin was dependable and looked out for her. She took a deep breath telling herself, “I can do this!”

Victor moved the table with her laptop out of the way as Candi watched. Roger in turn moved closer, “I promise my video will only be seen by us. You can keep the memory chip. I have a few more at home.”

Candi smiled brightly then leaned up on her toes to offer him a peck on the cheek, “Thank you!”

Roger sighed at the scent of her perfume, “Do you need direction?”

She shakes her head contemplating an answer, “Do I need direction? I’m basically just doing what I filmed on the laptop. Right? Unless you think you have any better advice.”

Kevin steps up with a clearing of his throat, “This isn’t a Porno, Larry Flint. Just better quality for my brother in Iraq. Let her do her thing, you just shoot the quality.”

She steps over and hugs Kevin’s arm laying her cheek on his coat sleeve, “Thank you, Kevin! I don’t object to a few ideas if you think it will impress Damian. I want to give him a good show.”

Kevin felt a tingle in his jeans at her closeness. Her chest crushing against his forearm felt incredible. It was difficult to erase her beauty and the fact he often imaged her naked. Having already seen her play earlier made his pressure to be decent even more disturbing. Even he wanted to offer suggestions for his own benefit but knew it would bite him in the ass later. Finally, he turns to her face to face and grips her biceps forcing her to feel his strength. A stern look down at her made her shake. “Do what you did earlier only more intense. Make my brother feel every muscle and nerve in your body scream for him.” He guides her backwards toward the bench swing and sits her down. She keeps her eyes glued to his, respecting his direction. Goosebumps!

Kevin felt her tense slightly at his control knowing she must be feeling the family tension. He had no right to touch her in this manner. So forcefully! Yet, he felt a tug inside him to help her in this delectable quest. He might as well enjoy himself the best he could. It may never happen again.

Once she settles in, he releases her arms and lowers his hands to assist her removal of the t-shirt. Oddly, she seemed alright in letting him strip her. In seconds she was once again completely nude. She blushed heavily beginning to fold her arms over her heavily breathing chest, but Kevin saw her reaction and retaliated, “If you’re going to do this, do it right. Think of Damian. Would he want you to hide that beautiful set of tits?”

She drops her jaw at his compliment, “That sounded strange coming from you. You’re soooo right though. Do you really think the girls are beautiful?”

All of them belted their thoughts out in unison, “YESSSSSSSSSS!”

She sat there a moment in awe of their response, “Wow! Okay! Any other ideas?”

Victor options, “Question? Are we here as far as Damian knows? Or are we ghosts?”

Kevin shakes his head, “You might be a ghost if he finds out. Hell, I might be.”

As she listened to their fears Candi decided to speak up, “I won’t lie to Damian. I’ll tell him on the video. I’ll accept the blame if he’s upset. I know he’s always wanted me to be more open minded.”

Kevin nods, “I’ll share in the blame. I’ll tell him we agreed on helping you open your mind. It was my choice to let others watch.”

“Okay! Let’s get started. It’s getting late and I need to be at the Fitness Center to open.”

Roger ushers Kevin out of the camera range and gathers her entire body in the lens. “Candi, I’m going to go close up on your face. Talk to Damian and tell him what you need to. When you close your eyes and begin to touch yourself, I’ll go wide and get your whole body in the shot.” She nods her agreement when Roger spouts, “Action!”

A tender shot of her mesmerizing eyes leads to her whole face, “Hi Baby! Here’s my attempt to satisfy what you want of me. I took your advice and got help to film me playing for you. I hope you don’t get angry with me, but I found it necessary to ask your brother Kevin. He said yes. He’s right in front of me. I was sooooo unsure of this but my love for you is making me step out of the box. I need to impress you! I can’t live without you.” She pouts blowing him a kiss.

“There’s more before I begin. Kevin’s friends are here too. They snuck up on me earlier when I was filming my first attempt at this on my laptop. They’ve seen me masturbate almost start to finish before I noticed them. It was tense at first, but I think we’re all comfortable now. So, forgive me if this isn’t what you wanted. I hope this makes you sleep sound at night. This is me making love to you a world away.” Her emotions trail to her fingertips as her eyelids seal to focus on her vision of Damian.

“Ohhhh! My clit is so sensitive. I’m so wet Damian! I need your cock inside me. I need your lips kissing my neckline, sucking and biting at my hard nipples., squeezing the girls together around your face. Your tongue trailing down to devour my pussy. I can feel your tongue flicking at my clit. Digging deep inside me. Your fingers probing my ass hole. GOD! I NEED YOU!”

Her fingers buried deeply she curls her toes and moves her mind solely on seeing and feeling Damian there with her. Possessed by him. She slides down into the swing to lay on her back forcing Roger to follow her movements to keep her in the frame, his own cock bulging in his jeans. Hell, all four boys were rock hard.

“I can feel your breath on me. So warm! Caressing my hips as you lift my legs. Your huge cock rubbing my clit readying to penetrate. Fuck me Baby!” She coos as if feeling a cock actually penetrate her. With that both of her hands joined in working together. Left hand burying three fingers deep, her right hand massaging her clit feverishly. A spasm of agonizing moans follows a trickle of spilling juices that trail her thighs and down amid her ass cheeks.

Kevin and the others drew closer out of compulsion. They wanted a close-up view. Roger tried to keep them out of the frame, but it was becoming impossible. His waves were being ignored. Even by Kevin.

“Damian! I love you! I need your hands all over me. I must feel your hot exhales. I need to cum for you as never before.” She was in a deep emotional trance, so deep that nothing around her could penetrate her dream. Her body writhing in ecstasy enticed Kevin and Victor to kneel down beside Candi and reach out delicately to lay their palms on her stomach and chest. Kevin couldn’t help himself. He had no regrets at this moment.

Jesse swallowed at their boldness noticing she had no reaction to their touch. Strangely, her mind was so dedicated to Damian that reality was a million miles away. If Kevin would stoop this low with Candi being his sister-in-law, then Jesse had no qualms himself. Jesse moved to the left side of the porch swing and carefully leaned over to exhale on her cheek as if it were Damian. His thought was to give her the better part of her fantasy.

Holding the camera steady became difficult for Roger as his hand rubbed his crotch. He couldn’t hold back under the pressure of the tightness building up. He was fully and monstrously erect, yet he did his best to stay as close to her alluring body as possible.

The hands of Kevin and Victor roamed her body delicately as they slipped into camera view. Roger grits his teeth hoping this wasn’t going to turn ugly. Still even he allowed his hand to leave his crotch and rub her legs moving upward toward her overactive fingers sinking and probing for her G-spot.

Her voice continued her desires, “Damian! Kiss me sweetly. Show me how much you love me!”

Both Kevin and Victor picked up on her words and looked at each other before shrugging. Lowering their faces to her flesh they pelted her with warm tender kisses pressed ever so gently along her hips and shoulder.

Above her Jesse leaned to her ear and kissed her lobe opting to barely suckle on it. The sensation ran through Candi like wildfire, and she shivered. Her movement made them pull away and watch further. Her mumbles rambling to her distant lover, “Don’t stop! Please, Damian.”

Convinced it safe to return they continued warmly kissing her body. Roger above stood erect to videotape on a downward stance. Capturing the backs of their heads Roger panned over to capture her bulging 38C’s crushed together by her arms. He became entranced by the nipples staring back at him. So beautiful!

Suddenly, Roger felt Candi’s toes rubbing along his leg forcing him to momentarily lose focus with his camera hand. He felt her mounting tension. With a whisper he gets the attention of the others, “Dudes! She’s about to cum.”

Her voice raises and her body quakes, ‘DAAAAAAAAAMIIIIIAAAAANNNNNNN!”

A massive flood of juices squirts from her pussy and splatters the up-close camera lens, Roger’s eyes bulging at the sight, “Whoa! I just filmed this in 3D.”

Before she could recover Kevin and the boy’s stepped back. Eye’s fluttering open Candi weeps tears, “Thank you! All of you! It felt like Damian was truly here with me. I can’t wait for him to see this. I know it’s going to make him crazy.”

Kevin felt guilty suddenly and opted to repent, “Candi? I hope you can forgive us. We lost control a little. We touched and kissed on you. I think it was more than us hoping to help you achieve my brother’s fantasy.”

She opened her mouth in shock, “It felt so real. It was like Damian was here. I’m not sure how to react to your stepping over the line. I held you in high regard. Trusted you to keep me safe.”

He nods, “And I did! Nobody hurt you. Nobody went too far. Do you know how hard it is to see you do this and not get turned on? Sister-in-law or not!”

She sits up licking her fingertips of her wetness with a haunted look in her eye. She knew it would test their resistance. They didn’t go as far as they probably wanted to. Over it faster than expected she smiles faintly, “I need to go to bed.”

Roger hands her the memory card for his camera. “Here! Just download it. When you mail it do it in 3-minute edits. I hope Damian likes it.”

Instead of taking the chip she reaches for her t-shirt and merely holds it rather than putting it on. Why cover herself now she questioned. Standing up on rubbery legs she loses her balance and falls into Kevin’s arms. Seeing her do so, he without reservation picks her up in a cradle and storms her past everyone and into her house. He took her shamelessly straight upstairs and laid her in her bed. Covering her up to her neck he leans over and kisses her forehead, “That was from Damian. Night, Sis!”

He then left the house. Roger had installed the video on her laptop while they were gone and put her laptop inside the house on the coffee table. A scribbled note would let Candi know what to do and where to find the video.

Upstairs Candi trembled, awake for another hour. Stress over Damian’s opinion of her choices consumed her thoughts. At midnight she brought out her dildo and used it with a bit more aggression than her earlier performance. Picturing Damian using it on her as punishment she wept with anxiety. Even worse, now she envisioned Kevin and his friends surrounding the bed and jerking off. As if counting sheep, she darted her eyes about the mattress as if examining each of their expressions. Time and time again her gaze transferred about until she had a blissful final orgasm. Hand tiring, she fell fast asleep, her toy still within her cunt.

Pleasant dreams, Pleasant Meadow.

Boys would be boys!

You know they beat off thinking of her sweet ass.
