Author: Anders Johnstone
Title: Using Allie 2
Summary: How it all began
Keywords: MMf

My step sister Laura certainly wasn't the brightest woman in the world, and when she was arrested and thrown in jail for helping her deadbeat husband Marcus run a drug lab her two daughters suddenly needed a guardian to take care of them. 

I was living and reveling in single life, making great money as a financial analyst for a investment bank, life was easy and pleasurable. I owned a nice two story condo in a nice part of town where I'd frequently entertain 'guests' on the weekend with my best friend Jimmy.  

I had known Jimmy since the highschool days, and while I'd never swap career advice with the fat bastard we made a good team in other areas. 

Jimmy was a huge guy, looked ten years older than he was, hairy as fuck and overweight. He was rude and crude and yet a lot of girls loved him. Jimmy always said that sometimes women just wanted to be shown who was in charge, and whatever you thought of his philosophy it certainly seemed to work. It was usually the party girls and sluts that came to Jimmy, and those  were exactly the type of girls we wanted.

Me and Jimmy had a grand old time. He'd pick up a girl and bring her over to my house on friday night, and we'd usually spend the weekend fucking the shit out of her, tossing her out by Monday so we could get back to work.  We taped the action for later use and it wasn't long before I had quite the collection of videos in my hard drive. 

On occasion Jimmy would bring home a girl that seemed a little on the young side. I got very worried when one cute brunette had to call her dad to let him know she would be home by twelve, but it was pretty hard to check her ID when I was busy stuffing my dick into her pussy and Jimmy's cock was filling her mouth.  

While I was always careful not to keep pictures or videos of the younger girls, Jimmy happily held on to his collection. On the odd dry weekend, he'd play the video on my big screen TV while he jacked himself off. Those are usually the days where I left my house to go on a regular date, maybe catch a movie with a cute co-worker or something. I had no problems double teaming some slut with Jimmy, but jerking off together to some jailbait on video was not my thing.  

I knew that all of this fun was going to be a distant memory once the girls moved in, and so I thought long and hard before agreeing to it. In the end, I decided that I didn't want to see the girls get placed with any of Marcus's equally useless family, and definitely didn't want to see them in foster care or anything. Ultimately I was the best choice, I knew the girls well, they both liked me, and I had the financial means to support them. 

And so I had it all planned out in my head: I'd give up the usual weekend debauchery for a while, and finally 'grow up' and become a model citizen. Maybe I'd even try a regular girlfriend out and be normal for a change.  

I was pretty confident that I'd be able to pull it off at the time, and if you'd told me back then that within the year me and Jimmy would have seven grown men at my house using my eleven year old step niece as fuck meat I would never have believed you. 

In my defense, I gave it a good old try for the first month of the arrangement. The first week or so I was way too busy getting all the paperwork and other errands that came with taking in two kids done to have had an opportunity to lose it, but once things settled down a little in subsequent weeks I did start noticing the girls. 

At the time I hadn't quite yet picked up a taste for Allie, she was ten, way too young. Her sister Ashley though, then fourteen years old, cannot be described as anything other than jailbait. If there was one thing Laura and Marcus did right, it was that they made two beautiful girls. Both Ashley and Allie had their mother's slender figure and creamy skin, with beautiful long legs, firm little asses and, in the case of Ashley, perky, apple sized tits ripe for a licking. 

Ashley was a redhead, with big gorgeous green eyes and just the faintest splash of freckles across her nose. Her younger sister was a strawberry blonde, with brown eyes and flawless skin.   

Ashley was old enough to know that she was very good looking, far above average, and she shrewdly chose to use makeup sparingly, giving her an added look of innocence that drove men crazy. Ashley loved to dress in cute little tank tops with thin straps and ass hugging shorts, and her sister Allie followed her example. The combination showed off their young bodies like nothing else, and it wasn't hard to spot both boys and grown men checking them out whenever we were out. 

It was hard to keep my eyes off her, and it didn't help that she managed to make every move and smile appear innocently flirty.

Still, I figured I could handle it, and once I got myself a normal girlfriend I should be able to fuck her regularly without causing the girls to ask any uncomfortable questions.  

Jimmy showed up at my house on a Friday night soon after I took the girls in. I was upstairs in my room doing some work and so Ashley opened the door. When I went downstairs, I could hear Ashley giggling, and saw Jimmy standing at the door, with his arms around a skimpily dressed, pretty blonde. 

You're fucking beautiful, honey, just fucking beautiful. I heard Jimmy say to Ashley as his eyes drank in her teen body. 

Thanks Jimmy Ashley laughed prettily, and put her hands behind her back demurely with sweet expression on her face. 

Jimmy looked up and saw me approaching, and a big grin spread across his face, Eric! Look what I brought buddy. With that he reached down and pulled the blonde girl's skirt up, revealing the slit of her bare pussy. The blonde laughed and gave me a seductive look, and for a moment I forgot all about Ashley. 

You want in on this? Jimmy asked me, licking the blonde's neck, I got it all figured out. You follow me to the motel and we'll have some fun with this slut, just a few hours, you'll be back before the girl's bedtime. 

I smiled at the blonde, What's your name?

Kim, she said in a teasing voice, You're a handsome guy Eric... I thought you'd be more like Jimmy. 

Hey, what's that supposed to mean? Jimmy said in mock protest as I stepped up close to the girl. 

Staring into her eyes, I reached between her legs and rubbed my fingers across her pussy lips, finding them warm and damp. This chick was ready to fuck, and as I rubbed her she licked her lips. 

Well? Jimmy asked impatiently, You coming pal? 
I turned my head, and found Ashley leaning with her back against the wall, watching us with those big beautiful green eyes of hers with a mischievously knowing smile on her face. 

I turned back to Jimmy and shook my head, Sorry buddy, can't, I told you before man, but thanks for the offer. 

Kim whined in disappointment, and Ashley laughed. 

Jimmy shrugged, Your loss man, let me know if you change your mind. Jimmy picked Kim up and she squealed, Call me sometime Eric! Jimmy knows my number! as he carried her to his beat up old car. 

I closed the door and looked to Ashley, who was still smiling at me like she was keeping a secret. What? I asked her. 

Nothing, she giggled, I like her shoes. 

Go watch TV with Allie I told her in a mock annoyed voice. 

She stuck her tongue out at me, Yes daddy, and ran off. 

With the girls my normally manageable schedule became a little more hectic. I would wake up early in the morning to make breakfast, with Ashley sometimes helping me out. Afterwards, I'd drive Allie to her school while Ashley was picked up Rebecca or George, parents of one of her friends whose help was a godsend for me. Once Allie was in school, I'd go to work. Work was challenging but rewarding, and I never minded it, time usually moved pretty quick and before I know it it would be five and time for home. I would then drive to Allie's school and pick her up from her after school program and either grab some dinner or go straight home. If Ashley wasn't out at a friends house, she would be home for a couple of hours by herself, nothing a fourteen year old girl couldn't handle. 

One day, Allie and I went through the front door instead of the garage. Ashley must not have heard me, because as I walked in the door I could hear moaning coming from the living room, followed by the surprisingly loud sound of sex. What the hell was going on? I told Allie to go to Ashley's room, before I made a dash for the living. 

Ash? I asked as I burst into the living room just as Ashley hastily pulled her right hand out of her panties. The noises had ended abruptly, and Ashley looked at me with a deer caught in the headlights look, her face flushed red, her left hand moving away from the remote control. 

Hi Eric, she said in a squeak, How was your day? Is Allie home? While she tried to distract me with her questions, I noticed her stealthily wiping her hand, wet with her juices, on her shirt. I don't know what a normal parent's reaction to this scene would have been, but I know that my cock started growing hard at the thought of Ashley masturbating herself on my couch to some porno. She crossed her legs, trying to conceal wet patch on the crotch of her panties while she tried to think of a way to get me to leave. You should cook me something, I'm starving, she said unconvincingly, Could you go and get me a glass of water? 
I smiled to myself, this was too good an opportunity to pass up, I planned to have a little bit of fun. 

What were you watching? I asked her with an innocent expression on my face, Sounded exciting. 

Ashley wasn't one to be embarrassed, but now her face was beet red, she looked away from me cutely, Nothing. 

I came over and sat down beside her, Really? Nothing? Are you sure? 

Eric! she protested as I reached for the remote. 

I laughed, I just want to see, I said, Relax, girl, I won't get mad. 

But- I cut off her protests by turning on the TV. 

The video had been  running the whole time me and Ashley were talking, and immediately an image filled the screen. The camera was shooting a girl from behind, with her on all fours. A man was taking her doggy style, his thick cock stuffed into her snatch, his hands on her shoulders. I smiled and wondered where Ashley got this video, was it from a friend? I heard the man grunt and I suddenly had my answer. 

Oh shit, I said out loud as I recognized my own voice coming from the TV. I watched myself hold the girl down, stuffing my cock as deep inside as it will go just as my balls began twitching, pumping sperm into her.

Now -my- face was red. 

On the screen I had finished, and with a satisfied groan I stood, my cock slowly unsheathing from the girl's pussy, glistening with wetness. The head of my dick left her snatch with a satisfying wet plop and almost immediately cum oozed out of her slit. The camera zoomed in. 

This whore's got a nice slutty snatch Jimbo, I heard myself say, then watched as I delivered a wet slap right onto the girl's cum soaked cunt, causing her to moan loudly. You're up buddy, the video me said, and the image shook as Jimmy passed the camera to me. 

Soon Jimmy's hairy back entered into view, along with his dick. I would be considered well endowed by anyone, but Jimmy's dick was a freak of nature. Long, and fat, it was a monster of a thing that looked huge even when taking into account his own body size, protruding from a forest of dark pubic hair. With his large hairy balls swinging, Jimmy walked up to the slut on the floor and put his hands on her waist, preparing to mount her. A line of my sperm now obscenely connected the girl's pussy to the floor as Jimmy rubbed the fat head of his dick against her outer lips, using my cum as lubricant. 

You're on the pill right? Jimmy suddenly asked. 

Yeah, came the muffled answer. Jimmy grunted and shoved himself in, and the girl gave out a screech of pain and pleasure, desperately trying to open her thighs more in an attempt to accommodate him. I clicked the TV off, my face burning as I turned to look at Ashley. 

Uh... I said, the confidence now gone from my voice, You uh... you probably shouldn't be watching that... Ash. You know... it's for grownups. 
As embarrassed as she was initially, Ashley knew now that she had the advantage, and quickly seized it. 

You and Jimmy are bad boys, huh Eric? she said. Normally she would have delivered that with a sly smile, but in this case she was still a little shell shocked, so while her tone was right, her expression was flat. 

Well... I began. 

Who is she? She's really pretty, was she your girlfriend?. 

I don't know, just one of Jimmy's friends, I mumbled. Deciding to seize back the initiative, I continued: Look, Ash, I know what you were doing. A girl your age, it's healthy, but, just don't do it to these videos, alright? They are ah... private. 

You have a lot of them, Ashley gave a cute little laugh, -A lot- she repeated for emphasis. 

Yeah... look, private, ok? Go find videos for yourself on your computer or something, I helpfully suggested. 

Do you think I'm pretty Eric? Ashley asked, suddenly changing the topic. 

-what? I mean, yeah, of course I do Ash, you're gorgeous. I said, swallowing, uncomfortably aware of her nearly naked body. 

Ok, Ashley said sweetly with a smile. She leaned over and gave me a small kiss on my lips and stood up. I'm gonna go do my homework, she announced, Are you making dinner? 

Um.. yeah, I am alright. I said, catching my breath, staring at her as she acted like the last ten minutes never happened. 

Call me when it's ready? I nodded and watched her as she left for her room, her little ass wiggling enticingly in her panties. 

I sat back into the couch and gave a big sigh of relief. I figured I handled that pretty well, all things considered. Standing up, I walked up and pressed the eject button on the DVD. I took the disc into my hand and looked at it, there were a few words written on the disc with a black marker: Madison, cute brunette, 8/10. 

I couldn't help but shake my head at our juvenile accounting of the girl's attractiveness. Turning off the DVD player, I made my way upstairs to my room, where I stashed the disc with the rest of my collection. 

The rest of the night went by relatively uneventfully save for one incident. As we ate, I caught Ashley looking at me from across the table. Without saying anything, she brought her right hand up to her face and then, with a sly smile on her lips and with her eyes locked onto mine, she sniffed her fingers.

I nearly choked on my food!

(To be continued)




