Delivery Dares
byfluffydream©

First Delivery Dare

This happened on a Sunday about a month in to COVID-19 lock-down. The dialogs are based on what my wife told me after the incident, and I'm filled in a few blanks to maintain the story.

We slept in and woke up late on a Sunday morning. My wife got out of bed brushed her teeth and went to the kitchen to make tea while I proceed to brush my teeth and jump back in bed to catch the 8 am news broadcast on TV.

When my wife returned, she was feeling quite naughty, the tea was placed on the night stand, and she slipped out of her negligee. She helped me out of my boxer shorts and started to give me a blow job as I watched the final few minutes of the news. She licked me like a lollypop, slapping my cock against her tongue until I was fully erect and then started bobbing her head up and down. I picked up a condom from the night stand and handed it over and she, like a pro, slipped it on me., And straddled me.

As she got into a rhythm while riding me, her phone began to ring. It was an unknown number, so she took her phone and answered it. I was playing with her bum, squeezing and smacking it lightly, when she tapped my stomach and asked me to stop; she needed to concentrate on the call, as she was giving directions to our house over the phone.

She got off the phone a bit frustrated, and threw the phone on the bed. We had placed an online order at the supermarket a week ago, and the person who called was the delivery driver. He he was on his way.

My wife got off of me and picked up her housecoat from the clothes rack. I quickly jumped out of bed, and hugged her from behind and told her that she didn't need it... She turned around and looked at me wife eyed, and said, "you want me to answer the door naked?"

I took the house coat from her hand and nodded as the door bell rang.. She gave me a wry smile and turned around to leave the room... I gave her a smack on her bum and followed her to the living room to get a good vantage point.

She walked up to the door, looked back at me and opened the door slightly to only show her head, and spoke to the man outside. It was clear that she was hiding from whoever was on the other side of the door.

Wife: You are the one who called me? from K****?

Delivery Guy: Yes, Madam, are you S************?

Wife: Yes, can you keep those boxes here please?

She pointed at the area just inside the front door as she stepped back and opened the door to let the man in. Though she was still behind the door, she wasn't fully covered now.

To my surprise, it was not 1 but 2 men who came in, both carrying what seemed like heavy boxes. They didn't see her at first. but the guy who came into the house first took a few steps inside so that he could give the other guy some room and he could see her. She didn't react, and played it cool. The second guy turned around and left, while the first guy handed over a receipt to my wife who reached out from behind the door and took it.

Delivery Guy: Some items were not available madam, you will get a refund for it.

From where I was I could see him looking at my wife from top to bottom.

Wife: OK, Thank you very much!

The man left and she closed the door and ran back to me...

"You should have seen how his eyes widened when he saw me!! She yelped as I grabbed her and squeezed her!!

Took her over to the couch and she straddled me again.

"Oh My GOD, I'm so wet right now!" she said as my entire length slipped into her easily.

She got back into her rhythm and started moaning.

"That guy must be telling his friend what he missed" I said, as I scooted my buttocks to the edge of the couch, giving my wife a little more space to get more force into her strokes.

"They must be thinking that I'm some kind of a slut... walking around the house naked" she responded.

I couldn't take it any more. "Can I take you doggy?" I asked her, "mhmmmm..." she said as she got off me and climbed on the the couch, she placed her hands on the headrest and arched her back. I took my position behind her and entered her again. Started with slow deep strokes while holding her hips. As I picked up speed, I garbed her ponytail with one hand and pulled her hair and grabbed her neck with my left hand.

"Fuck me! Fuck me!" she moaned, "I'm your slut..."

I fucked her hard and fast until I came.

We went back to the bedroom to finish our tea, and then got on with the rest of the days work.


Second Delivery Dare, with a Twist

This happened on about two weeks after our first delivery dare during COVID-19 lock-down. Again, the dialogs are based on what my wife told me after the incident, and I'm filled in a few blanks to maintain the story.

We were feeling a bit lazy, and because the curfew was relaxed, we thought of ordering lunch. My wife and I were both hankering for something spicy so we decided to order some Mutton Biriyani from a restaurant named "A***** Biriyani"; a Muslim restaurant that we have visited, but not been to in quite some time. We ordered a "Savan" for 4, so that we could have the left overs for dinner.

When the delivery guy called to ask for directions, I asked my wife if she would like to tease the delivery driver. She said "No" and stuck her tongue out at me. I didn't want to pressure her or force her into it, so I didn't pursue it any further.

I was helping her with washing our plates and some cutlery when the bell rang about 15 minutes later.

Me: He's here, I'll go get it.

Wife: No, you finish up, I'll get it; and she turned to leave the kitchen.

I continued what I was doing when my wife's panties suddenly fell onto one of the plates that I had washed. I turned around and my wife wasn't there. Curious as to what she was upto I quickly ran behind her to see what she was trying to do. As i got to the sitting room the skirt and skinny that my wife was wearing was on the headrest of my lounge chair. I had just enough time get to my vantage point as she opened the door.

She opened the door like last time, hiding behind it. The guy had the Savan and another bag in his hand.

Delivery Guy: Miss, thee is another bag please take this I'll bring it.

Wife: Oh, OK...

Wife stepped out from behind the door, and took the Savan and the other bag, and like last time she played it cool, and walked into the house to keep them on the table.

The guy watched wide eyed as she walked back into the house. He then quickly turned around and went out to his bike, and was back at the door with another bag. Since the door was now fully opened, he took a few steps into the house and stood there as my wife came back to meet him.

Delivery Guy: held out the other bag, "miss, why are you like this?"

Wife: why? don't you like it?

Delivery Guy: No, not like that, you are beautiful... do you live alone?

Wife: No, my husband is in the bedroom

Delivery Guy: Oh, is husband OK with you doing this?

Wife: No, I wasn't planning to open the door.

Delivery Guy; were you ready to take a bath?

Wife: Yes, we just finished having sex!

They stood there staring at each other for a moment. The guy taking a good look up and down her body.

Delivery Guy: Miss, you are very beautiful, husband is very lucky!

Wife: Thank you, now you should go...

Delivery Guy: OK miss, thank you.

He stepped out and my wife quickly closed the door and locked it behind her.

This is the first time she has been naked and this close to another man since we have been married.

My wife walked into the house, as I came out of my hiding place.

Wife: How was that?

Me: I never expected you to do something like that!

Wife: I know! I didn't think he would have more than one bag of food

Me: But you were so confident! standing there naked just chatting with him!

Wife: Noooo! I was a nervous wreck! I just wanted him to go. But...

Me: But, what?

Wife: It was such a turn on the way he looked at me. And it looks like you have enjoyed it as much as he did! and she grabbed my erection.

Wife: Did you enjoy it a little too much? Pulling my shorts down.

My cock jumped out as the waist band passed over it and she let my shorts drop to the floor.

I grabbed her butt and pulled her in for a kiss, and then slipped a finger into her pussy... she was so wet!

My wife pulled out of the kiss, and walked over to the couch.

Wife: There's a condom under the ash tray.

Me: Huh! when did you put it there?

She looked back at me and winked, she had already taken her position on the couch, her hands on the head rest and her knees on the edge of the cushion, her back arched pushing her posterior up for me to penetrate her.

I slipped on the condom, and stood behind her. I kissed her lower back and bit her butt cheeks.

Wife: Let's play later... just get your cock in me...

Me: OH you slut! and I smacked her ass

Wife: mhmmm.AAh...

I guided my cock into her wet pussy. It slid in so easily. I went all the way in, and pulled all the way out. I repeated this a few times. A slight moan left her lips each time i pulled out.

When I went back in again, my wife started moving her body back and forth. I loved it when she did that! That meant that she was super horney! I stood there in my Superman pose as my wife got into a good rhythm fucking herself. She got a bit too excited and my cock popped out.

Me: Don't be in a hurry...

Wife: fuck me... please...

I entered her again, and grabbed her from her hips. Started with a few long deep strokes and picked up the pace. My wife was moaning in a high pitch and I knew I was hitting the right spot so I kept going until I came...

After I pulled out, my wife turned around and sat on the couch.

Wife: That's a huge load. Squeezing my cum in the condom.

She relaxed and fell back on the couch and looked up at me smiling. Her eyes filled with tears that started to trickle down her cheeks.

Me: Oh you came!!!

Wife: Yes, wiping off the tears from her eyes as she giggled. Let's take a shower and eat.


 