Missy Becomes An Exhibitionist
by Lisasuzanne

Chapter 3

Roommates take Missy shopping.

This is the continuing story of my junior year at college. I had come under the control of my two roommates, Kim and Lisa. Still not quite sure how it happened, but I had agreed to do whatever my roommates told me to do without questioning or complaining. Disobeying would lead to punishment. There has been no punishment to date, although there have been some hesitations and minor complaining on my part.

So far, I have been made to play hostess to about 50 houseguests at a party at our apartment. As the night progressed, I went from fully clothed, to bra and panties and then to serving the guests completely naked. This party was the beginning of my being under the control of my roommates who were a year ahead of me in school. There were lots of pictures taken at that party and threats were made to expose me on social media if I didn't comply. Therefore, I reluctantly agreed to the terms.

I say reluctantly, but I was given the opportunity to back out and never do anything like this again. Ultimately, I agreed because it made me so excited and horny that never getting the opportunity to feel that way again was something I would regret. It scared the shit out of me and tied my stomach up in knots, but it was so exhilarating that I just had to do it some more. Being naked in front of all those strangers really made my juices flow to the point that I couldn't understand it. I suppose what was even more exciting was being told when and where to remove my clothes. Being under Kim and Lisa's control made me do things I would never have even thought of in my worst nightmares.

My second experience involved ordering pizza and me inviting the pizza guy into the apartment. Then I was instructed to slowly strip off all my clothes in front of him without saying a word in explanation. Turns out the pizza guy was in my Literature class. Even though we had never talked, we both knew each other by sight. That brought on a whole new set of feelings than the party because I somewhat knew this guy and would see him again. I did see him again in Lit class the following Monday. We ended up talking and I learned his name was Matt. He seems like a very nice guy and after telling him the story behind my stripping in front of him, he convinced me that we needed a male presence to prevent us from getting hurt or raped.

I brought up the subject to Kim and Lisa and they agreed it was a good idea and I gave them Matt's phone number. I overheard Lisa on the phone with Matt and she made it clear to him that he was not to interfere with anything unless it was to protect us, or she would report him to the police and tell them he was behind this whole thing. Apparently, Matt agreed because Lisa said she would call him when he was needed.

Kim, Lisa and I are all enrolled in college classes, so all of my little stunts so far had been on the weekends. The only exceptions were some times when my roommates told me to get naked in the apartment while I cleaned or cooked or while watching TV with them. That happened a few times. Most of my weekends were spent naked while I was in the apartment. Even though it was just Kim and Lisa, it was still unnerving and embarrassing to be naked in the apartment with 2 fully clothed roommates. It didn't fail to charge me up though! My pussy was wet nearly all the time. I don't have a boyfriend, so whenever I was naked, I always ended up going to my room and bringing myself off before going to sleep.

One Tuesday night at about 9:30, Kim approached me and said she wanted to go to the local big box home improvement store to get some shelfs to put up in her room and asked if I wanted to come along. I didn't suspect anything because it was Tuesday and all the other stuff happened on the weekends, so I agreed. As we were about to go out the door, Kim yelled to Lisa that we were going to the store and Lisa said she wanted to go too. I still didn't suspect anything was up.

Kim drove us to the store and parked quite a long way from the entrance. This was unusual as there were all kinds of closer parking spots. She said she didn't want to get her car dinged up. So, We all walked in together. The store was nearly deserted because of it being a Tuesday at 9:30 pm. We all went our separate ways in the store, but in a few minutes, Kim found me and asked me to come to the back of the store with her so she could show me some carpet pieces. She said she wanted my opinion of what might look good in her room.

When Kim and I got to the back corner of the store where the carpet was, Lisa was there waiting.

Lisa said, "OK sport, here is what we're going to do. You are going to strip off all your clothes and give them to Kim. She will take them out to the car and will be waiting for you."

I said, "NO WAY, I CAN'T DO THAT, I'LL GET ARRESTED! And what about Matt, I thought he was supposed to be around to protect me?"

Kim said, "Shut up -- and that is going to cost you a punishment for complaining."

Lisa said, "We don't need Matt for this. If you don't get going, we'll strip those clothes off you and make you walk out with your panties stuffed in your mouth. NOW START STRIPPING."

"START NOW!" Kim said forcefully.

I was trembling again in fear. This was the worst so far because it was in a public store. The other times were in the confines of my own apartment. I tried to think of ways to slow this down so I could develop a plan, but I couldn't think straight. So, I reluctantly began by kicking off my tennis shoes and sliding my socks off.

I hesitated, and Lisa said, "Keep going. You better get moving faster than that or somebody might come."

My shaky fingers then grasped the bottom of my sleeveless shirt and it was over my head and dropped to the floor in no time. My head was spinning! What was I doing?

Fearing another punishment for stalling, I unbuttoned my shorts, eased the zipper down and began sliding them down hesitantly while scanning around for any signs of people coming. There was no sign of other customers or store employees. My shorts fell to the floor and I was left in only my bra and panties. My bra was a light pink with lace trim that wasn't sheer, but the top of my boobs were exposed and my nipples could easily be seen poking against the fabric. My panties were the same light pink color, cotton with lace trim at the waistband and around the leg openings. Once again, a dark spot was working its way up the front, announcing my excitement to Kim and Lisa. How could I be dreading this so much and still be getting turned on? This doesn't make any sense.

Suddenly, Kim grabbed my elbow and said, "Stop stalling."

My shaky fingers went to the clasp on my bra and pulled it off. With one last look around for potential trouble, I began peeling down my now wet panties. They dropped to the floor in a puddle around my feet and I stepped out of them. Kim quickly scooped them up with the rest of my clothes.

Now, I was completely naked in a home improvement store with my roommate clutching my only clothes!

I crouched down behind a carpet sample board and asked tearfully, "How am I supposed to get out of here without getting arrested?"

Kim said, "That is for you to figure out. I will take your clothes to the car and be waiting in the parking lot for you. It will take a couple of minutes for me to get to the car, so don't get there too soon. Lisa will be watching you from somewhere in the store, so don't even think about getting something to cover up with."

Lisa said, "I'll also be recording this on my cell phone so that Kim can see what happens. And since you earned a punishment for complaining, you are going to have to find an employee and take a selfie with them before coming to the car."

I said, "WHAAAAAT!"

Kim giggled and quickly said, "You better shut up now or we'll add another punishment."

Lisa advised, "You better pick a young guy who will be less likely to call the cops!"

I didn't say anything else for fear of something worse, though I couldn't comprehend what could be worse.

Kim disappeared with my clothes and my heart sank. I looked up at Lisa pleadingly, but she just laughed and walked off, leaving me there naked in an open store with only my cell phone! MY CELL PHONE! That reminded me I was going to have to find some guy to take a selfie with! This was going to be torture.

I was still crouching down behind the carpet samples, now naked and alone. I could feel the heat rising from my pussy. The smell wafted up to my nose. Suddenly, I heard some voices from a couple of isles away! A man and a woman were talking about flooring for their bathroom. How appropriate I thought because I'm about to shit! I have to get moving because it sounds like they are coming this way.

My stomach was in my throat and I felt like throwing up. I'm completely naked in the back of this store with no clothes anywhere near. And Lisa was somewhere watching me. Oh yeah, I still have to find somebody to take a selfie with me before dashing out of the store.

I stayed crouched down and sort of waddled from isle to isle along the back of the store, checking each isle for trouble before continuing. As I got to the appliance section, I saw a man typing on a computer. He had a beard and looked like he was in his 50s. He might not be the best choice for the selfie. For one, I was still in the back of the store and I thought it would be better to do it towards the front, so I could make a mad dash out the door afterwards. Second, maybe he wouldn't think it is funny and call the cops. I would be better off finding a young guy. But what if I get to the front of the store and don't find anybody else? I would have to come back. I'm overthinking this. Just then, there were more voices. I had to get moving again.

The appliance guy wasn't looking, and I didn't see anybody else, so I made a dash along the back of the store to the lumber area, figuring there would be less people there. Hiding behind a stack of wood, I stopped to catch my breath. My heart was practically beating out of my chest. I ran a finger along my slit and confirmed I was soaking wet. My nipples were like rocks and were aching to be touched. I was scared to death, shaking and still hot as a firecracker! This is unbelievable. No time for this now. Have to get the selfie and get the hell out of here!

I realized that so far, all I had done was go from one side of the store to the other, still at the far back. I was no closer to the exit than I was a couple of minutes ago. So, I started moving toward the front, through the lumber section. Scurrying from isle to isle again, I stopped behind a display near the drills and saws section. I peered around the corner and saw a young male employee fiddling with a drill. It was now or never!

I couldn't believe I was about to do this, but I whispered, "Pssst, sir."

He looked my direction and I stuck my head out from around the display I was hiding behind.

I said, "Would you come help me?"

He said, "Sure, just a second." He couldn't tell I was naked because all he could see at that point was my head.

I impatiently waited, feeling like I wanted to throw up again as he approached me with a smile. When he finally got to the display I was hiding behind, I slowly stood up, looking around in a panic for anybody else that might see.

He said kind of under his breath, "What the fuck?"

I said, "I need a favor."

He replied, "Yeah, I guess you do. What the hell is going on?"

I blurted out, "It's a dare, come on, I don't have much time."

"What do you want me to do?" he asked. His eyes were scanning up and down my naked body.

"I have to take a selfie with you before I can leave. Will you do it and not get me in trouble?"

He said, "I could get fired if I get caught with a naked girl in the store."

"All the more reason to do it fast and I'll be out of here," I said.

He said, "OK, but can I get a picture too?"

"Uuuuuuhhhhhhg, OK, OK let's do this before we get caught," I said.

He took out his phone and I held up my phone and quickly snapped a picture.

I turned to dash away and he said, "Wait, I wasn't ready!"

I said, "You can't be serious. I thought you were worried about getting caught! Hurry up, you have 2 seconds."

He aimed the phone and we both smiled as he took the shot. Don't ask why I smiled. It seems kind of stupid looking back on it. I guess it was a force of habit when taking a selfie.

I told the guy thanks and began to look for an escape route.

He lightly grabbed my right arm and timidly said, "Hey can I touch you?"

I scoffed, "What? NO!"

"Nothing nasty, just a little feel. You are soooo hot, I just want to touch your skin a little" he said.

I saw an opportunity and said, "Ok, if you help me get out of here without getting caught."

Without responding to my request, he reached out and brushed my rock hard nipples up and down with the back of his hand. If it were possible, my nipples became even harder and I tingled all over at his touch. Then, he reached his right hand down toward my crotch. His hand was shaking as much as I was! He slowly ran his fingers back and forth along my slit, which immediately caused me to gush. With a shudder, my juices poured over his fingers.

He gasped, and brought his fingers up in front of his face and stared at them in disbelief. I blushed hard. I just stood there like an idiot, naked in the middle of the store after the clerk had rubbed my pussy to orgasm! He was playing with my cum, rubbing his fingers together and then spreading them to create a sheet of cum between them. I was absolutely petrified, and could feel my juices dripping from my pussy onto the bare cement floor!

A woman's voice from and aisle or two over snapped me out of my trance.

I said, "That's enough, help me get out of here."

He said "I'm Derek, by the way."

"Mis... j-just get me out of here!" I cried.

He then took his hand that was covered with my cum, cupped my pussy again, and spread the juices all over my light brown pubic hair. My whole mound was now matted with sticky cum. My knees buckled in desperation, trying to get more contact. I was on the verge of cuming again! It felt so good! It was like I had forgotten where I was. What the hell am I doing? I have to get out of here!

I slapped Derek's hand away from my pussy and said, "Are you going to help me or not?"

He snapped back to reality and said, "OK, OK! Sorry, I got a little caught up in the moment."

"It's alright, help me," I pleaded!

Derek took me by the hand and signaled for me to follow him. His hand was soaked with my juices. We slowly crept toward the front of the store. He was keeping an eye out front and I was watching behind. I saw a couple cross by at the end of the isle and scooted closer to Derek. Luckily, they didn't look my direction and kept going.

We got to the main front isle where the checkout registers are located and Derek peeked in each direction.

He said, "It looks clear, just Anne at the register, but she is way down at the other end. Do you want to make a run for it?"

Without answering, I said, "Thanks" and began a mad dash for the door. Derek gave my ass a slap as I ran past him, nearly triggering another orgasm.

My bare feet were slapping loudly against the smooth concrete floor as I fled toward the door. When I got to the last isle by the front entrance, a man and a woman pushing a cart came around the corner and spotted me bolting to the door. Both their mouths dropped wide open as I flew past them. I was almost out of the store! I approached the entrance at top speed and crashed into the glass door trying to escape. The electric door didn't have time to open because I was running so fast.

I heard Derek ask if I was Ok and then heard Lisa roaring in laughter. After what felt like an hour, the door slid open and I bolted stark naked into the well-lit parking lot. My mind was in a fog and I couldn't think where Kim had parked. I just kept running. Finally, I spotted Kim's car and raced to it.

I grabbed the door handle, and predictably, it was locked! So, I pounded on the window until Kim unlocked the door. I dove into the back seat and pulled the door shut while Kim laughed hysterically.

I yelled, "GO, GO, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR? LET'S GET OUT OF HERE!"

Kim calmly said, "Lisa's not here yet."

Just then, Lisa swung the front passenger door open and jumped in laughing her ass off.

I screamed, "Let's go, can I have my clothes back now?"

Kim started to drive away and said, "You don't get your clothes back."

I yelled, "But you said I could get my clothes back when I got to the car!"

Kim replied "no, that wasn't what I said. I just said I would take them to the car."

I sobbed, but at least I was in the privacy of the car now. Maybe my clothes were in the back seat. I checked all around and didn't see them. Should have known they wouldn't make it that easy for me. Even if they were there, I wouldn't dare put them on without permission. So, I decided to just lay low and stay quiet. It was only a short drive home.

Kim eventually broke the silence. "So, tell me all about your little adventure. Was it exciting?"

Lisa interjected, "I got it all on video. This little slut had a ball! She even let a guy play with her nipples and rub her pussy! Wait till you see the huge orgasm she had!"

I wanted to curl up and die of embarrassment.

They made me sit up in the back seat of the car as we were driving home. I still didn't know where my clothes were. My pussy was sopping and my nipples were achingly hard. I wanted to get myself off right then and there, but didn't know what Kim and Lisa would do when they caught me. So, I just sat there quietly as the events of the last few minutes played over and over in my head.

Then, Lisa said, "I'm thirsty, how 'bout you guys?"

Kim nodded and without even thinking, I said, "Yeah, me too."

I barely even got the last word out when I realized my mistake. SHIT! This was how they were going to humiliate me some more!

"Let's run through the drive through and get something to drink," Lisa said.

I just groaned because I knew it was all to show me off more.

A couple of minutes later, Kim turned into the local burger joint and proceeded to the drive through lane. There were two cars in front of us, and I was made to sit up completely naked in the otherwise empty back seat. Kim ordered an iced tea for herself and Lisa. I changed my mind and decided not to get anything. There was no telling how long they were going to drive me around and I might have to pee. I didn't want to give them anything else to use for my humiliation.

As the car in front of us got to the pickup window, Kim turned on the interior light in the car.

I pleaded with her to turn it off but she just said, "Be quiet or you are going to get another punishment."

The other car pulled away and Kim pulled up to the window. I was again trembling with nerves.

The window slid open and there was a young, pimply faced boy probably about 18 with 2 drinks in his hand. He handed them to Kim and then his eyes popped wide open as he noticed me naked in the back seat.

He said, "Holy crap, what are you guys doing?"

Lisa leaned over to Kim's side and said to him, "Our friend here gets off on strangers seeing her naked. Want to take a closer look?"

He just nodded in stunned silence.

Lisa said, "Kim, pull the car forward a little bit so he can see. And roll the back window down."

I was blushing furiously as the car inched forward and stopped with the rear window even with the pickup window.

The boy peered into the car at me and said, "That is so fucking hot!"

He then turned and hollered for his co-workers to come. Two other teenaged boys appeared at the window and began hooting and whistling. I just sat there, naked with my head down staring at the floor.

Then Lisa turned around from the front seat and said to me, "Don't be rude. Turn to face them so they can get a good look."

I reluctantly did so and the guys just kept making lude comments. Each passing second ratcheted up my nerves another notch.

Then, Kim said, "Lift your ass up and open your pussy lips so they can see how wet and horny you are."

I groaned again, but didn't hesitate because I knew any objection would only make my situation worse. So, I slowly lifted my ass up toward the window. While propping myself up with my right hand, I gently brought my left hand to my pussy and ran my fingers over the lips. I was wet again and the touch of my fingers made me shiver. The juices began leaking out again. My fingers pried my pussy lips open for the boys as instructed. I held them open for a few seconds to give them a good look. At least in this position, they couldn't see my face!

Just then another car pulled up at the order station behind us.

Kim said, "Rub your fingers around and get them good and wet to show our new friends. Then we need to get out of here."

I diddled around in my pussy for a few seconds, withdrew my hand and sat back down on the seat. I lifted my fingers up towards the boys gawking at me through the window, and showed them the fingers, glistening with my juices.

Kim said, "Ok, that's enough, we have to get going. Hope you guys enjoyed the show!"

The boys began laughing as Kim drove off.

Lisa said, "Hey, we got free drinks. First a free pizza and now free drinks. Your naked body is getting us all kinds of fringe benefits."

Kim pulled away from the burger joint. She and Lisa were sipping their tea, while I sat naked, wet and horny in the back seat. I felt like such a dope! Do I just sit here and act like nothing is out of the ordinary? Do I act calm and strike up a conversation? Should I try to cover up? My head was swimming! God, I hope we are headed home now.

After another 10 minutes, we finally drove into the driveway of our apartment house and Kim and Lisa began to get out.

I said, "What about my clothes?"

Kim said, "They are in the trunk. I'll get them. Here are the keys. You go unlock the door for us and we'll be right in."

I should have known this wasn't over yet. I took the keys from Kim and scanned around for anybody that might see. The coast seemed to be clear, so I swung the car door open and made a mad dash from the car to the front door! The porch light was on, so I was going to have to do this fast. I certainly didn't want any of the neighbors to see!

Fumbling with the keys, I tried to unlock the door, but the house key wasn't there.

I yelled, "Where's the key?"

Kim giggled and said, "Oops, my mistake, I guess I still have it. I'll be there in a sec."

There were headlights from a car coming down the street. I had to make a choice. Do I wait for Kim in hopes that she would come before the car gets there, or do I try to hide. I figured Kim would take her sweet time, so I dashed around the corner of the house to hide by some bushes. This left me a little exposed to the neighbor's behind, but it was dark and they were quite a ways away.

I saw Kim walking up to the front door, but the car had not gone past yet. Just when the car passed, I made a break for the door, only to see it shutting behind Kim. SHE LOCKED IT BEHIND HER! I pounded on the door, but there was another car coming, so I ran back around the corner again. I spotted Lisa recording this on her phone.

She said, "I'll open the door and tell you when the coast is clear."

She walked up to the door and I heard it open. Peeking around the corner, I could see 2 more sets of headlights coming down the street.

Lisa yelled, "OK, come now, the door is closing in 5 seconds."

I had no choice but to go now or who knows how long I would be out here.

I bolted from around the corner toward the brightly lit front porch completely naked. The 2 cars were right at our apartment and easily spotted the naked girl running to the door. Both cars started honking and yelling crude things. Lisa was slowly closing the door, but I got there just in time to wedge myself in.

Kim had my clothes and handed them to me. She said I could put them on if I wanted, but it was almost time to go to bed, so there wasn't much use. It was now almost 11:00. I had been naked in public for about an hour and a half now! I took the clothes and put them in the laundry room. When I returned to the living room, Kim and Lisa were watching TV and I went to sit with them on the couch. My heart was still pounding.

Kim asked, "Did you have fun tonight?"

In a pouting voice I replied, "No that was so humiliating and embarrassing!"

"But it made you hot, didn't it?" Lisa said.

I didn't respond, so Kim said, "Well, let's just see."

She reached over and pulled my knees apart, exposing my pussy. She lightly ran her fingers first through my pubic hair and then up and down over my slit and clit. That about sent me into orbit! My hips shot up off the couch to meet her fingers.

I shook again as Kim raised her dripping fingers up to show Lisa and said, "Yep, she is like Niagara Falls down there."

Lisa said, "Yeah, and look at her nipples, they are hard as diamonds."

She flicked at my nipples, which made them even harder.

"Just admit you love it," Kim said, "It's not like it isn't completely obvious."

I reluctantly said, "I guess it makes me feel really excited, but it is sooo scary! I can't understand why it makes me so hot."

Kim and Lisa stripped down to their panties and continued to lightly stroke my pussy and tease my nipples for another 20 to 30 minutes as we watched TV. Kim looked super sexy in her silky white bikini panties and Lisa looked hot in her light blue thong. Both had sexy tan lines, long legs and very smooth skin.

They had become really good at teasing me to the edge of orgasm, but always seemed to know when to stop to deny me release! We weren't lesbians, but all of us enjoyed the touching and playing, and I could see definite wet spots in Kim and Lisa's panties. I guess that sounds a lot like lesbians, but all of us liked guys too.

I was drifting off into my own consciousness when suddenly, I tensed up and began twitching in orgasm! Kim and Lisa hugged me for a couple of minutes until the spasms subsided.

Lisa said, "We better get to bed, we all have classes tomorrow."

We went on with our "normal" lives the rest of the week. On Wednesday, I saw Matt in my Lit class again and we had a nice conversation. I didn't say anything about the events of Tuesday night. Somehow, I just couldn't bring myself to talk to him about it, even though he knew the situation and had seen me naked. He didn't say anything about the arrangement between my roommates and him either, but I could kind of sense he wanted to bring it up.

On Saturday morning when I got up, Kim said they had spoken to Matt and he was coming over at 7 pm to talk to us.

Kim said, "Don't worry, we don't have any wild adventures planned." That eased my mind a little. But could I trust them?

At around 7:00, the doorbell rang and Lisa let Matt in. He brought a pizza from his work. Kim and Lisa invited him into the living room and told me to go talk with him. Matt asked me what was going on and I told him I had no idea. Meanwhile, they went into the kitchen and brought beers for everyone. We all sat in the living room eating pizza and drinking beer and making small talk.

When we had finished the pizza, Kim said, "Matt, we brought you here to discuss our arrangement with Missy. As you know, she likes to get naked in front of strangers." I began to blush again.

Lisa chimed in, "We have agreed to let you tag along on some of our adventures in exchange for you providing protection for us to make sure nobody gets hurt or in trouble. The only real rule we have is that you have no say in what happens and you can't interfere in any way. If you won't agree to this, we can do without you. Do you agree to our rules?"

Matt said only, "O-ok."

Kim turned on the TV and Lisa said to Matt, "Actually, we had a little adventure earlier this week. We didn't need your help on this one."

Then the picture came up on the TV and it was video from outside the home improvement store! Ooooh noooo, they were going to show Matt the video from Tuesday night! I buried my head in my hands in shame. I asked if I had to be there while they watched.

Kim said, "Of course you do, you are the star of the show! In fact, why don't you get naked for us while we watch?"

I said, "Uuuuugh, really?"

Matt tried to stick up for me, "You don't have to Missy, I don't mind."

Lisa yelled, "MATT STAY OUT OF THIS! Remember, you have no say. If you can't abide by that rule you can go home and we won't have you back."

Matt didn't say anything else. All 3 of them just looked at me expectantly. So, while sitting on the couch, I slowly began to lift my shirt.

Kim said, "Stand up and give us a show."

I stood and finished removing my shirt, exposing my white half cup bra. Next, I pulled at the button of my shorts and pulled the zipper down.

I was having trouble getting the tight shorts over my hips, so Lisa said, "Matt, why don't you give her a hand with the shorts."

Matt got up and came over to me. He looked me straight in the eyes as if to ask my permission, and I gave him an almost imperceptible nod. He reached out hesitantly, grasped the waistband of my shorts, knelt in front of me, and slowly tugged at them as I wriggled my hips until they finally came free. Matt held them as I stepped out of them one leg at a time. His stare was focused on the mound under my silky, white panties.

I hesitated again, and Kim said, "Keep going...this shouldn't be that hard. Matt here has already seen you naked and it is just us."

While that was true, Matt had become a good friend to me, and he was super cute! It was kind of like stripping in front of your crush and getting nothing in return. I didn't know if Matt was thinking I was a moron, if he was disgusted by it, or if he was turned on.

I knew I had to get on with it, so still blushing, I unclasped my bra, pulled it off and threw it onto the pile. My nipples shot to attention. Matt, Lisa and Kim were all staring at me in silence. Next, I hooked my thumbs in the waistband of the panties and inched them down until they puddled at my feet. I flicked them onto the pile of my other clothes with my toe. Matt was still kneeling in front of me, his eyes now transfixed on my nicely manicured bush and pussy! It felt like I had been standing like this for an hour while Matt stared between my legs!

I said meekly, "what now?" in an attempt to end the awkward situation, not really wanting to know the answer.

Kim said, "Come sit."

I went and sat on the couch in between Kim and Lisa. Matt was in the recliner next to the couch. Kim and Lisa were lightly stroking my legs as the video began to play. I was really uncomfortable and embarrassed to be naked in front of Matt, Lisa and Kim, getting ready to watch a video of me naked in public places. But, as usual, I felt the telltale trickle beginning in my pussy! I couldn't understand how feelings of shame and embarrassment were always accompanied by my pussy juicing. I seemed to want to cover myself at the same time I wanted to have anyone and everyone come see my naked body!

The video continued to play while Matt was focused on watching Kim and Lisa run their hands over my body. The video reached the point where I began stripping off my clothes in the back of the store. Lisa motioned for Matt to look at the screen. Hi eyes grew wide as he was watching me strip in the store! He would take a quick glance my way every once in a while. I guess he had a hard time deciding what to look at, me getting naked in a store, or me naked in the living room.

When I had gotten down to my bra and panties in the video, I could plainly see the terror in my eyes and I started to have that feeling of nerves and dread well up in me again. Even though I knew what was going to happen, it was like it was happening all over again!

I watched the video closely for anybody who may have spotted me, but didn't see anyone. As the bra came off and the panties began sliding down my legs in the video, I suddenly became extremely aroused again, sitting there nude on the couch between my fully clothed roommates and Matt. I could feel the juices run even more now.

Once I was completely naked in the video and darting around the back of the store, I glanced over at Matt and he was just staring at the TV in stunned silence. My heart was thumping again as I watched myself asking Derek, the store clerk, for help. You couldn't really hear what was being said on the video. Lisa was probably too far away. I just realized, I never did see Lisa recording the whole time I was in the store. There was too much else to think about. The video showed Derek getting a selfie with me.

Just then, Lisa said, "Ok you guys, pay close attention to what happens here."

Oh no, this is where Derek asked if he could touch me! Derek reached out and brushed my nipples a few times with the back of his hand and then reached down to my pussy and ran his fingers back and forth through my pubic hair, lips and over my distended clit. You could clearly see me trembling in orgasm on the video as Derek brought his soaking fingers up to his face to examine the wetness on them.

Kim erupted, "OOOOH SHIT, YOU CAME RIGHT THERE IN THE STORE!"

I was as red as a fire engine sitting there naked. And I felt like I was close to cuming again. Kim and Lisa's ministrations on my naked body were more intense as the intensity on video ratcheted up.

Matt was still just watching intently and simply said, "Whoa, that's hot."

He turned to look at me and a heat wave rolled over my whole body and I began shaking again as another orgasm washed over me.

Kim said, "you're cuming again aren't you?"

I couldn't respond. Lisa got down on the floor in front of me while Kim stayed on the couch and put her arm around me.

Lisa said, "Matt, come over here and see this."

Matt came over and sat on the floor in front of me with Lisa. I was now sitting on the couch with my feet up on the edge of the cushion and my knees up by my chest. Lisa put her hands on my knees and slowly began to pull my legs open. I was embarrassed beyond belief, sitting on the couch naked in a room with 3 fully clothed people. Now my legs were being pried apart to expose my gushing pussy to a cute guy who I was beginning to like a lot.

When Lisa got my legs splayed wide open, she said, "Look how wet she is Matt. And can you smell that?"

Matt responded only with a soft, "Uh huh."

Kim began rubbing my breasts and plucking at my nipples that were aching now. Lisa ran her fingers through my pubic hair and lightly stroked my pussy. I was on FIRE! Then, Lisa asked Matt if he wanted to get closer and touch my pussy.

He asked me, "Is that ok Missy?"

Before I could even respond, Lisa said, "She has no say in this."

I would have agreed anyway. I was so hot, I had a desperate need to be touched. Dealing with that touch coming from a guy I liked while he was fully dressed and I was naked and close to another orgasm would have to wait for later.

Lisa was holding my legs open and Matt scooted up close. He began to run his fingers through my pubic hair as he had seen Lisa doing. Kim continued her ministrations to my nipples. My body was absolutely quivering! Slowly, Matt began working my pussy more and more. He was now running a slick finger up and down the length of my slit and over my clit. He rubbed his finger in circles around my distended clit and that was it! My body began to quake as I bucked into orgasm yet again. Matt continued to tickle my clit and all of a sudden, with an audible "glup," a thick, nearly clear ball of cum about the size of a golf ball burst out of my pussy onto Matt's hand.

He said, "Awesome," and withdrew his hand, holding it up for all of us to see. In the palm of his hand was my fluid -- like a handful of shampoo. He delightedly poured the liquid from one hand to the other as he marveled at what had just happened. I was extremely embarrassed, but didn't care at that moment as I was still shivering through the end of my orgasm.

Kim and Lisa were silent, just taking in the amazing sight in front of them. Matt took his hand and poured the cum on my belly, just below my bellybutton and let the thick liquid run down through my pubic hair and over my pussy lips. Strangely, this felt really erotic and almost put me over the edge again!

My heart was pumping hard and I was practically gasping for breath. All 4 of us sat right where we were in silence for about 10 minutes as I regained my composure. Suddenly, I felt REALLY humiliated and brought my knees together and buried my head in Kim's chest in shame.

Kim said, "Oooooh, are you shy? There's nothing to be embarrassed about. That was hot as hell!"

Matt said, "Yeah. I'm sorry if you are embarrassed, but that was sooo coooool." Lisa just giggled softly.

Finally, Kim said, "Ok, I think that is enough for the night, we'll leave you 2 alone to do whatever you want."

Kim and Lisa got up to go upstairs and I glanced over at the TV and saw it was just snowy. The video of me in the store had ended long ago.

After my roommates had gone upstairs, Matt got up from the floor and sat beside me on the couch. His shorts had a huge tent and there was a large wet spot on the front. He put his arm around my shoulder and I put my head down on his shoulder. Matt asked if I was ok.

I said, "I'm OK, just super embarrassed. Oh jeez, I'm sitting here naked talking to you! This is so weird."

He said, "I can't imagine how you feel, but if it makes you feel any better, I think you are really hot and sexy. This was freaking HOT!"

Neither of us knew what to do at that point, so we just sat there for a few minutes. Finally, I said, "I need to go get cleaned up."

Matt seemed a little disappointed as I'm sure he was aching for some action, but I just needed to be alone and gather my senses.

He said, "OK, I'll see you later," and he leaned over and tenderly kissed me on the cheek as he got up to go home.

After Matt let himself out, I got up off the couch and saw a huge wet spot left behind by orgasms. We're going to have to have the couch cleaned, I thought to myself with a little internal giggle. On still wobbly legs, I made my way upstairs to my bedroom. I was too worn out to shower, so I just fell down onto my bed and thought about the events of the evening. I had several orgasms and my body was still tingling wonderfully. This was so humiliating, but I was really beginning to enjoy the sexual release I got out of it. In fact, I'm not sure I could do without that release now. I was exhausted and slowly drifted off to sleep.


