Seven Thirty Two to Waterloo
by lizzie79uk

Being undressed on a busy train.

The train into London is only 40 minutes, but buy the time it arrives at my station for the daily commute to work, its already standing room only!, and by the time we have made the other 4 stops I know what a sardine feels like!!.

Today was going to be a bad day! I knew it standing on my platform. it was 8 am, but it was already hot and sticky, as the train pulled in, I looked into the carriages and they were as full as ever, it was going to be an uncomfortable start to a new week!.

As I squeezed myself pass the train doors, I managed to shuffle 8 steps into the carriage before the wall of bodies wouldn't move or part anymore. So there I stood, surrounded by a sea of men in suits, with brief cases to trip over and men in Lycra, with obnoxiously large rucksacks and cycle helmets they refused to leave on their heads. I stood cramped and uncomfortable I stared at the ceiling! as my other vista was a mountain of shoulders!.

It was oppressive! even in my heels I was shorter than anyone else. The air conditioning wasn't adequate, and there was too many aftershaves wafting in the thick air, along with lingering morning breath and the previous day's fast food. The last thing I needed was the idiot behind me, putting his hand on my hip!

I shuffled uncomfortably, hoping he would remove his hand and it was an accident, but I was shocked when a second hand grabbed my other hip and I was squarely held in place! I stood rigidly, I wanted to shout, but didn't want to look an idiot, how many times had a stray hand brushed across my body on this commute? a lot!, and it was always followed by 'oh I do apologize'.

So I stood still, trying to look around and make eye contact, with the guy taking liberties!, but there was just no room to move, I tried to brush his hand away, but I quickly discovered holding my bag across my chest kept the bag safe, but left me vulnerable and exposed!. I wiggled and tried to kick out, but in a very English way! in case I kicked the wrong person, or irritated a fellow passenger minding their own business.

The hands were large! they covered my hip bones, and it was a strong, determined grip. I was relieved the hands didn't move anywhere else, but it was just a 5 minute reprieve, as we stopped for the next station and the next herd of commuters forced their way into the train, I felt him against me!, his chest against my back, his groin pressed into by bum, a leg slyly threaded between mine and forcing my legs apart!.

I took a deep breath, as I felt hands tug at the waist band of my skirt and gently, slowly, covertly begin to raise it!, I murmured a protest, but it was cut short when a whisper and hot breath blew over my ear and neck, the whisper saying 'don't fight it!'. I closed my eyes and opened them again, no! this wasn't a dream. I chastised myself for deciding on wearing a thigh length skirt because of the heat and willed myself to scream and make a scene, but I couldn't! My mouth was dry, I felt light headed, and the leg between mine was moving rhythmically with the train and making me squirm, but in a totally different way!

Another 7 minutes passed before there was light relief! the doors opened and a wave of fresh air blew into the carriage, followed by more bodies, and I was even more hemmed in. In the melee that greeted the doors opening I didn't realize a hand had been removed from a hip! This realization only occurred to me when I felt the button to my skirt being released!. I took a sharp intake of breath! my head was spinning, what the hell is happening?!. I pushed back quickly and forcefully into the body behind me, only to realize the body behind me, the man taking such obscene carte blanche with my dignity, was aroused, highly aroused!.

I jolted forward immediately! the hand on the button of my skirt didn't move, I felt my skirt strain at the waist slightly and then felt the tension ease!. Oh my god! he was un zipping me!!!.

My breathing became shallow and fast, what the hell was I going to do? I couldn't move and my mouth was so dry now, I doubt I could scream! But his thigh between my legs, oh my god! I could feel the dampness in my knickers!. I squirmed uncomfortably, looked around as best I could, scared that others were watching, and worse! saw that I wasn't complaining.

Time disappeared; we were at the 3rd stop! another throng of people joined the carriage. The only normal event of this commute today was the overcrowding and my bag across my chest giving me the space to breath. Even this small comfort was suddenly taken away from me, as I felt my blouse being untucked and his hand slide up my blouse. I bit my lip, held my breath, and my hands squeezed the life out the bag I was holding! there was an electric charge in his fingers, hard skin!, a confidence in his movement, stroking my side under my ribs and over my tummy to my belly button and then sliding up my rib cage to my bra!. My blouse felt undisturbed apart from being untucked on one side, but this stranger was intimately stroking me, skin on skin. My mind raced!, Jesus Christ, I thought, he's going to un hook my bra!, I stood frozen to the spot, my mouth wide open, my eyes wider in shock or anticipation, I didn't truthfully know. I gasped spontaneously as his hand moved; relieved almost that it moved forwards and not backwards and was now tracing fingers up my bra cup.

The moment was shattered when the doors opened for a fourth time. I had been so mesmerized by my predicament I hadn't even realized we had slowed and stopped for the final stop before alighting at our destination. The hand squeezed my breast; I died of shame as he pinched my already enlarged nipple. His free hand pulled me towards his frame, and directed me lower! I was for the final few minutes literally riding his thigh, whilst feeling his pleasure rubbing my bottom. A wave of humiliation was followed by a wave of arousal, every small movement of the train magnified in my knickers and bra. Oh God please, don't let there be a delay getting into waterloo!

There wasn't, but these were still the longest 4 minutes of my life! I could feel the buzz as we slowed, my fellow passengers reaching for their brief cases and rucksacks, papers being folded. My anonymous seductor didn't flinch, his hand had gently moved over the lace edge of my bra, exposing my nipple, his leg gyrated into my groin with more urgency. I was about to buckle, my legs felt like jelly, my body had goose bumps, I felt a wave of emotion erupt deep inside me!, and............suddenly nothing!, the doors were open, fresh air swept into the carriage, the oppressive closeness eased, passengers filed past me and I was swept out the carriage by the stampede!

I stood on the platform! trying to find my composure!. I looked down the platform, but no one looked back, I scanned the carriage, and the passengers filing past me, but no one made eye contact. I held my skirt up with one hand, while the other held my bag. I hoped my disheveled appearance wasn't as noticeable as I feared. I then became aware of something sharp in my bra! I quickly and discreetly dressed myself and fished out the offending object. It was a business card! with a number! And a hand written note on it! 'Call me'!

