6. – Mine

Smoke trailed from the muzzle of my gun as I lowered my hand. Any doubt as to who was now in charge had just been extinguished.

To my right, Mendez knelt at Garrick’s side, trying to staunch the flow of blood.

“Will he live?” I asked, not looking at them.

“I’m not out of the game yet, Konrad,” Garrick rasped. “Just tell me this was worth it!”

“Oh, it was worth it, all right.” I gazed around at the carnage and nodded. “We are one layer closer to the Inner Circle of Esset, gentlemen. And once we have apprehended the rogue team, our rise to power will be unstoppable.” The words spilled from my tongue like blood, though insincere. Empty promises of empty power. Still, they were the words I was expected to say, so I said them, thinking only of my star.

Edelmann had betrayed his potential as a useful tool, showing only his incompetence to the last. I’d had hopes for the boy, I truly had, but this fiasco in Japan was the last straw. His strategy had not only failed, but he had allowed Schwarz to measure its opposition, and that could simply not be allowed. Crawford was far too intelligent to miss the clues, and once he had a better idea of just how intensive the search would be, he would find a way to vanish like fog at daybreak.

“Konrad, you’re a lousy liar,” Mendez murmured, looking up from his work. “If you were so ambitious, why did you allow yourself to rot away at this damnable post? You had an offer from Prague, for God’s sake – yet you stayed. If you won’t bother with the truth, at least give me silence.”

My lip curled in a sneer, and for one moment I considered the pistol in my hand.

“You do, and you have no allies,” Mendez growled. “Never forget, I know you.”

I sighed and bowed my head. “Well spoken, my friend. All right, silence it is.”

Garrick laughed weakly. “You bastard.”

“Did I ever claim to be otherwise?”

::Once, but not to us,:: Mendez whispered into my head.

::Raus!:: I glared at him. “Don’t do that again.”

“So who’s going to clean up this mess?” Garrick asked. “I’d love to assist, but I seem to be a little laid up at the moment.”

I kicked one of the bodies out of my way as I strode toward the telephone. “This is General Schoenberg,” I stated to the switchboard operator. “We need a phase-one cleaning crew to Edelmann’s office. Oh, and prepare a new nameplate. Yes. Mine.” A brief tremor of concern touched my mind, and I added, “And send a healer.”

Mendez closed his eyes as if thanking me. My anger at him had faded now, in our mutual concern. Garrick was a good man, if any of us could claim that title, and it would grieve us both to lose him.

Apparently he was not only a good man, but stubborn as well. Garrick showed no outward distress, even when the healer began working on him. The repair of torn arteries is not a pleasant process, especially since there was no anesthetic for field surgery. Rosenkreuz had lost a majority of its medical supplies in those first few days of chaos, and had not yet been able to replace most of it.

I watched impassively as the cleaning crew removed the bodies and scrubbed blood from the walls and floor. One young man searched for bullets in the woodwork, sensing them with his gift and pulling them out in a tiny shower of splinters. The cleanup took less than half an hour.

As Garrick medicated himself with a glass of whiskey, he repeated his question. “So, Konrad, was this coup worth it? What are you after?”

The words were out of my mouth before I could stop them. “I want my star back.” I glared at my two associates and amended my statement: “I will bring them back. These fools had no idea who they were dealing with.”

“Do you mean Crawford, or yourself?” Garrick’s gaze bored into me; I could almost feel it heating my skin.

Mendez held out his hand to silence both of us. “Wait, this is all wrong. Konrad, you have just taken out the interim director of Rosenkreuz, and his staff – and we helped you do it. All of this on your claim that you alone can find that rogue team and bring it to justice. How do you think Esset will view this?”

I smiled coldly and said, “They have a habit of rewarding acts of ambition and power, Mendez. I suspect they will send us all the aid we ask of them. We’ll be able to rebuild Rosenkreuz, resume training, and bring honor back to this facility.” A dirty chuckle escaped my throat and I added, “What’s not to love about that? Tell me, my friend, you’re not having second thoughts, are you? Third thoughts, perhaps?”

“Konrad, think, man!” Garrick muttered, easing himself into one of the few intact chairs. “You brought us in on this on the assumption that we were only taking down Edelmann and his two aides. Two aides, not the whole damn staff!”

“They didn’t know anything useful. Did they, Mendez?” I watched my ‘friends’ closely now. All too often throughout the history of Esset, three allies had a tendency to become two.

The telepath shook his head. “No, Konrad, they did not. It’s still more wasteful than Esset generally approves of.”

“But necessary. You have both worked with me before; they had not. You understand my methods, and my goals.” I poured myself a glass of the whiskey and took a sip. “You will not question those methods, or goals. Will you.”

Garrick sighed. “No, Konn, I know better. You have your reasons, and my trust.”

“And mine,” Mendez added, though his voice was thoughtfully soft.

“Good,” I said, sitting back and resting my feet on the desk. I looked around at my new office, the command center of Rosenkreuz, and smiled. For too long I had lived in my orbit around this place, secure in my delusions and content to wait. Then the strands of my life had shown themselves to be wound about sticks like a marionette’s, and my dreams had burned away.

And now, in the coolness of a brave new world, my dreams had crept from the ashes and begun to live again.

Somewhere out there, beyond my reach at the moment, Bradley Crawford and his team knew they were being hunted. Whether the lunatic was with them or no, he still had his telepath, and I was willing to bet he still had the boy as well. Knowing Crawford’s luck, I believed the team intact, madman and all.

And they would be his downfall.

Garrick cleared his throat. “Your next move, then?”

A stray droplet of whiskey clung to the edge of my glass. Absently I licked it off. “Somewhere in this mess, there should be some information on Kritiker. If there isn’t, though, I won’t be highly surprised. Still, I favor that lead at this time. It will take some work to find what we need, but I believe our answers will be there.”

“How are your clairsentients working out?” Mendez asked as he rummaged through files and folders, looking for anything useful.

I snorted a nasty little laugh. “They’re dropping like flies. I wish I had some way of knowing if their turbulence is having any effect at all. If it is, Crawford must be running at the edge of his own endurance, or close to it.”

“You’re willing to risk his sanity?” Garrick asked.

Raising my glass in a toast, I stated, “Sane or not, I will bring him home.”

A/N:

::Raus!:: – ::Get out!::

I had a Surreal Moment with this chapter. When I typed “Inner Circle of Esset”, my handy-dandy Microsoft Word put a little dotted underline under part of it. I clicked on the underline, and this is what it said:

Address: Inner Circle

Display Map

Display Driving Directions…

Remove this Smart Tag

Smart Tag Options…

Anyone else feel kind of creeped out over this?