Tickle Torture
by Jastes22

Tickle Torture: Part 3 - Tickle Tests

I startled awake, my arms pulling against the rope. For a moment, I was disoriented. Where was I? What was going on? Then, my brain registered that my body was naked, covered in the stale scent of dried sweat and nothing else. The memories of the last couple of hours came rushing back, from the game of Truth or Dare to Rashelle’s torment with the electric toothbrush. Despite myself, I let out a soft moan.

“Looks like she’s up,” Rashelle said from the couch. I couldn’t see her directly from my point of view, but from the corner of my eye I could see her and the two boys shuffling from their places from the couch.

I blushed again as they looked me up and down. I would have thought that all the time spent naked would have at least normalized for me being naked in front of them, but I still felt as embarrassed in front of them as I did when Rashelle ripped off my bra. They were my friends, yes, and I trusted them completely, but there was something about being completely made bare that made my face go red, especially watching the eyes of the two boys, checking me out and examining every part of me. I had heard of people “undressing” girls with their eyes, so I could only wonder what kind of things Paul and Leon were doing to me right now in their minds.

The only comfort I had was the fact that I hadn’t peed myself. I had a memory, on a camping trip, where I couldn’t find a bathroom on time and completely wet myself in front of everyone, and I felt like I wanted to crawl into my sleeping bag and disappear. I shuddered even thinking about it. That was more embarrassing than anything else, even more than the predicament I was in right now.

“You know, I’ve been thinking,” Rashelle said, pulling me out of my memory. “When we do this again—”

I groaned.

She simply grinned. “And we will do this again. I think we’re going to have to strip you naked and tickle you every time we get together from now on. You’re just so cute when you’re being tickled. You wouldn’t want to deprive the boys here of that, would you? And we know you like it.”

I whimpered. She was right. And the fact that she knew she was right made things extremely precarious for me. Rashelle could propose literally anything, and I wouldn’t object.

Rashelle wasn’t done. “So, for when we do this again, we really ought to know where you’re most ticklish so we can just start there.” She let her words hang there for a moment. “So, we’re going to take turns tickling you and documenting how ticklish you are.”

Oh, frick. I wasn’t sure how much of this I could take.“Wait…”

“Wait,” Leon said. I blinked in surprise and looked at him.Was he really going to put an end to this? “Izzie might try to laugh really hard at everything so we can’t determine what’s actually ticklish for her. I think we need to come up with a punishment for her if she laughs too much.”

I glared at him. Of course I was going to laugh too much at everything! That was the definition of being ticklish!

“I got it!” Rashelle said. “Paul, there’s a footstool in each of the bathrooms. Can you grab those?”

In a minute, the two footstools were underneath each of my legs, just a few inches off the ground.

“You did gymnastics, right? You’re flexible.

I wasn’t sure where she was going with this, though it didn’t sound good. “Umm…I guess?”

Rashelle nodded. “Good. Every time Izzie laughs too much, we’ll spread her legs out a little bit more.” She grinned, looking at my face. I couldn’t bring myself to object, the pressure in my crotch starting to grow and my pussy already getting wet again.

“I'll go first,” Rashelle said. She attacked the spot underneath my armpit, my secret ticklish spot that she had discovered at the beginning of this whole thing. Despite the threat of more exposure, I didn’t do much better this time around, bursting out laughing. I couldn’t see anything through my tears, but I felt Rashelle moved from my sides to my chest and down to my tits, squeezing one, twice, three times before pulling away.

“Hmm…yes, she was definitely faking,” she said. “You know what that means, Izzie.” She reached down and moved the footstools apart, forcing my legs to spread.

I whimpered at the feeling of my parting legs causing my pussy lips to spread. The footstools weren’t tall enough to give my dangling arms much relief, but it raised me just enough that the others had a much more intimate view of my pussy than if I were just standing on the ground.

“Leon? You want to go next?”

I stifled a groan. While we were friends, Leon was the one I least knew. He wasn’t my best friend, and he wasn’t my boyfriend. Out of the three of them, he was the most like a stranger to me, and thus had the capability of eliciting the most embarrassment from me.

He grinned and stepped around me. His fingers pulled me back against him, and I could feel his hard cock pushing against my back. His fingers ran up and down my ribcage, digging in between the bones.

I screeched and leaned forward, anything to get away, but it only gave him a better angle to tickle me with. The fact that he was behind me meant he could pull into me as he tickled rather than push, which made the tickling even more intense. Following Rashelle’s lead, his fingers crawled up my stomach and absorbed my tits, flicking my forever-hard nipples and digging his fingertips lightly into my skin. My screeches transformed into pleasurable moans as he fondled me for a long moment.

I coughed, gasping for breath as Rashelle moved the footstools even further apart, slightly beyond my shoulders. I let out a soft moan as I felt a horrible pressure in my crotch grow, not from stimulation, but a pressure from the need to release.

I needed to pee.

No, no, no! Anything but that!

“I want to go again,” Rashelle said. She took Leon’s place behind me, and I felt her kneel down. Her face had to be right next to my crack, and with my legs spread, I knew she could see every intimate detail.

Her fingers grabbed the cheeks of my butt and squeezed. I squealed and thrashed in my bonds. I wasn’t sure if I was squealing, groaning, or moaning anymore. Rashelle wrapped her arm around my legs, holding me still while the other hand stroked my cheeks. “You’ve got a really soft butt, Izzie,” Rashelle said. It seemed like a strange comment in my mind. How could she possibly be talking about how my butt felt when I felt like I was going to explode? The fact that my legs were spread meant I couldn’t clench as well to prevent myself from peeing all over the carpet. It was building, building.

“Really, Izzie. You’re not giving us much to work with.” Footstools further apart, and this Rashelle moved them further than she had the previous two times. While it wasn’t a full on split, it felt close, and I knew that my pussy was spread out to the max.

“My turn,” Paul said.

He knelt down, his eyeline directly in front of my pussy. I whimpered as he just knelt there, looking at me, before he placed his hands on my inner thighs and started to tickle. The fact that my legs were so spread out made it a thousand times worse. Before this night, I had never been tickled on my inner thighs. Even when they were tickling me before without my pants, no one had been able to get the angle that Paul had right now. It took every ounce of willpower not to smash my boyfriend’s face with my foot.

As Paul ravished my inner thighs, I felt the pressure build. I couldn’t clench tight enough to stop it, not with legs spread like they were! And Paul’s fingers right by my pussy just stimulated it even more. I felt the pressure build, build, and then…

Ah, crap.

Piss erupted from my pussy, splashing all over his fingers and then dripping to the ground. Drops of it clung to my skin, dripping down my leg. I groaned, turning what I was sure was a very unappealing shade of red. “I’m sorry! I had just peed in front of my friends. Not only that, I had peed on my friends! This was so embarrassing, I couldn’t believe it. I’m sorry! I didn’t—” I fell silent, whimpering like an ashamed puppy who had been caught in the act.

“Well, you’ve been a very naughty girl, Izzie,” Rashelle said. “Not cooperating with our experiment, and then peeing yourself like a little baby girl.”

I sniffled. “I know, I know. I’m sorry, I just—”

She put a hand over my mouth. I could still feel my legs, the pee growing sticky on my skin.

Still covering my mouth with one hand, she started to untie me with the other. “I think you should apologize to Paul. Do you want to apologize?”

“Y-yes,” I said. Once my hands were free, she pushed me to my knees and held my hands behind my back.

Kneeling there, naked and submissive, the reality of what Rashelle was suggesting finally hit me.

It wasn’t that I was shy about my body—I really wasn’t—but Paul and I had been friends for so long, but had been boyfriend/girlfriend only recently. I had never done anything like that with him before. I hadn’t done anything like that with anyone. And the thought that Leon and Rashelle would be watching made it even more embarrassing.

Everything that was running through my head did nothing to stop Paul, though, as he fished out his very-erect cock. I swallowed as he grabbed my hair. I could still smell the piss on his fingers. With my hands held behind me, there was nothing I could as he guided my mouth around his cock. His cock filled my mouth, and he thrust me in. I sucked on it eagerly, wanting to please him.

He and I groaned together as I felt something hot shoot to the back of my throat, sliding down and leaving the taste of cum in my mouth. He pulled out and I collapsed to the floor.

“There, there,” Rashelle said, patting my crotch. “Good girl. Paul, do you think that works for an apology?”

He was breathing hard, and looked like he was going to collapse, too, cock hanging out and everything. “I think it will do for now. We may need to discuss this…further, later, though.”

I moaned, exhausted. The reality of everything that had happened to me in one night came crashing down at once. Tickled, then stripped naked, then tickled again. Then giving a blowjob to my boyfriend in front of two other of my friends. I don’t think any of us had expected the night to go the way it did. It was certainly a surprise.

What was even more surprising, though, was the realization that I didn’t want to let this experience slip away.

And so, the next few words that escaped my mouth both surprised me and didn't surprise me. Honestly, I wasn't sure. “W-when can w-we do this again?”

