Maid

To begin let me start about my environment which i stay. I stay in a town which is not very populated. There are schools colleges offices restuarants etc.
Near my house there are not many people staying but there are migrants who are staying in the huts next to my house. Among one of them i had kept as my maid. Her name is sheila she was 19 years of age,thin and 5 feet tall but had a figure of a supermodel.
She used to do house hold jobs,clean the house,and take care of the underground room i had in my house,which no one knew about,but she was the only with whom i had to trust with since she was working for a while in my house,

She came from a backward and financially weak family,she didnt have a father and her mother was also a maid in the town.

to narrate this incident which happened a while ago i had a lot of cash in the house,and after counting it once i forgot to keep in my safe location.to be preicise i had a few thousand bucks in the bag.

I had to attend a call for which i forgot about the money.
After i finished my conversation on the telephone,i hung up the receiver and went to watch televison.just when i put on the tv i found sheila acting in a stranage manner she was trying to move out the house in a stealthly manner just then i interrupted her, and she was taken aback,
She was trembling with fear
Just when i noticed she was hidding someting behind her back.i asked her what she was hiding,she starting trembling and replied nothing. But i was curious to know what she was holding in her hand, i got up from my seat and tried to see what was in her hand,but she tried to hide it,as she was hiding.i caught hold of her hand and suddenly the bag full of money fell to the floor and the notes from the bag also fell from the bag.

I was shocked to see this.i had never expected this from her but the truth was out there,she was also taken to a shock,as she had expected to flee with the money.
I was really furious on her and she could see that on my face.
She didnt try to say a word to defend herself.
But she tried to flee, when i caught hold of her.she started to sob and said she did this out of ignorance and greed. But wasnt going to listen to her i decided to teach her a lesson.
I took her forecully to the underground room and tied her hands to a pole from the front and bought a thin stick to give a sound trashing.

As soon as she saw the sick she started to cry in a loud manner to try and get attention of the people. But the room was locked and the sound would not travel from the underground room to outside people.
I hit her in every possible way.she even has blood ozzing from some parts of her body even then i didnt stop.she was yelling and crying at the top of her voice but i was a beast that day.
I wanted to do more than that. I wanted to torture her.

I caught hold of her hair and pulled her skirt down and pressed her ass which was smooth. Now the screams were more than before, i had a pen in my pocket which i inserted into her asshole and pushed it as far as possible.
this is unbearable for which i could feel from the screams i heard. At he same time i inserterd my fingers into her pussy and saw it was tight which ment she was a virgin .i started to finger fuck her but the screams did not stop.as i was continiuosly finger fucked her i did hear some moarns which i could sense that she was liking it.
I continued for few minutes and removed my fingers out of her pussy.she knew that there was more waiting for her.
But i thought to myself if i continued she might tell everyone about it.i had to control myself but at the same time i too began liking it.

I thought that balckmailing is the only option that will work for both of us.
I told her now that u have commited a crime of theft,i will report that to the police.and you will be jailed. And the same thing that i did today will be done everyday to you everyday.
She was frightned and sobing and said that she will not do that again and she will work for a lifetime to me.

I replied that if i keep u you might do that again and i will be at a loss.
I frightned her that i will complain to the police that her mother was also involved with her.
she started pleeding to me not to do that or her mother will kill her even in the jail.
I told her if u want to go free there is only one way. You must....even before i could complete my sentence she said i would do anything ..anything, she continued i dont even want my this moinths salary,i would work for you for a lifetime,
U can give me whatever salary u want,but please dont call the police.
This was not bad for me,i could get anything i want from her,
I opened her hands which were tied on the pole,she put her skirt and asked me what do do.
But she didnt know what was waiting for her.i told her to go to the kitchen and get the bottle of whisky.she obidiently did so,and got the bottle of whisky i told her. To close the door which she had opened she closed the door and came back to me.
i told her take the bottle and drink some.
She refused and said that she had never drank alcohol, i reminded her the promise she made, she hesitantly drank some of it.after she drank some she said it was too much
.i took the bottle from her hand and drank some of it .
I kept the bottle away and told her to come close to me she did.
i told her remove your clothes .she was taken aback she asked what are you saying. I again reminded of the police.
She reluctantly did so.one by one the clothes came off.
First the top came off. She was wearing a white bra which she unhooked to reveal her heavyweight melons.
next her skirt came off after which she was completely nude .i told her to come nearby and remove my dick and suck it,
She was dirsturbed on hearing that she should suck my dick, it was so disturbing for a first time to suck,she removed my dick and again slowly put it into her mouth. Slowly she began to suck it.but it was too slow. I caught hold of her hair and began to jerk her mouth with my cock very fast she could not even breath. She was gasping for air but i did not stop.i did it even faster but i eventually stopped. And she breathing heavily for air.

i caught hold of her waist and made her sit on my laps and pressed her boobs, they were smooth and in good shape.i liked them. She was caressing my hairs and i rolled my hands exploring her stomach and moving upwards. I grabbed her breasts and filled my hands. I caressed and squeezed her breasts over her silk top. Her silk top over her breasts was adding to sensuality i was receiving while caressing her tits. It felt more smooth and silky and very erotic. I was giving small kisses on her neck and cheeks and she turned her face towards me and i smooched her juicy and inviting lips.
i began pressing her boobs and for the first time i heard moarns.i put my fingers in her pussy and the moarnings increased.with my fingers and my hands i simultaneouly caught hold of her boobs and fingered her pussy.this was evident that she was liking it
I caught hold of her boobs and sucking it. There were moans ahhhhhhhh ahhhh ahhhahh aaaaaaaaaa...i began to lick her nipple where all the sensation took place the nipples were small and red.

Her pussy began to get wet. I asked wheather she had taken any cock before into her pussy.she replied no,but wanted to take one,so this was the chance for her,while she did so we had mouth interchange or liplock for sometime, while i pressed her boobs. My hand was wet with her pusssy juices,

I put some whisky on my hand and inserted my finger into her pussy again.
Ohhhhhhhhhhhh aaaaaah this time the moarning sound was great
Anyone would enjoy that. She forgot all the pain she had received,now i poured some whisky on her tits and began to suck them she was totall enjoying it.
After an hour of petting and fondling.it was time to check her pussy.i made her kneel in the doggie position and inserted my dick into her wet pussy. At first she got some pain some blood also ozzed out of her pussy as she was a virgin. Now she was enjoying her pussy being banged.

She was moarning ahhhhhhh aaaaa ohhh.she wanted harder and more harder.i began to press her boobs very hard still continuing the fucking. She was in heaven.
When i felt she couldn't possibly take any more, i slammed my hips
Forward driving even deeper into her till finally, i felt the bushy tips of my pubic hair entangle themselves into her hairy crotch

As i removed my organ out of her pussy after about 15 minutes she was ready to suck my cum .she caught hold of my dick and began to lick like a hungry bitch.i ejaculated into her mouth and she devoured it.and sucked my organ clean. As there was nothing left to suck i poured the bottle of whisky into her mouth which see drank thirstly,i also drank some and we both fell into each others arms and fell down on the floor
Both of us fell into a deep sleep.

when we woke up 6 hours had passed.both of us were tired.she was bleeding due to the trashing she got i took her in my arms and placed her on the bed and applied some medicines on the wounds.she was now out of the alohol influence.but she smiled at me as she liked it.i began fondling again her boobs.after a while we changed positions, she wrapped her hands around my neck, while i held her around her waist, just coming closer to each other. I could feel her breasts heaving close to my chest. I could feel the heat of her body next to mine.i pulled her against me closer and put my arms around her, hugging her closely.
She was now also excited she held my dick in her hand and began to suck it.just as we contined she looked at he watch and realised that it was quite late and she needed to go home.

She asked for my permission to go.
I said ok. But u will continue to be my sex slave.she smiled back and said sure.but told me not to tell the police .i said ok and also handed some money from the bag to her.and said this is your reward. She took it.but before she left
She gave me a full body hug. I loved her warmth

After that she went home.
That night i slept fully satisfied.
Next day she came back. Just as i expected she came inside and made some tea for me. Iasked her if anyone had doubted why she was late.she replied her mother gave her a sound trashing for comming late but she did not even realise it.since she could feel only excitement of that day.she also told me that she could not sleep that night.

I told her that she will not sleep today also.
She gave a smile.

I embraced her and this time she reciprocated and held me tight. After a big squeeze i again looked at her face and kissed her lips the lips just opened for me in waiting and she responded with equal zeal.
I usually have bath in the morning.so i took her into the bathroom and removed her clothes one by one.
She was not wearing any bra today.and her pussy was already wet.she was expecting something.this was such an erotic moment as she swayed her big buttocks in the air.i also stripped and connected the tap with a pipe and sprayed the water with pressure into her pussy.ooooooooh aaaaaaai she was unable to bear the exciement and moved away from the pipe.i played with her tits and tweaked her tits making her groan and moan.
i caught hold of her by her waist and made her wet by pouring water on her body.i applied some soap into my hands and applied some to her boobs and began massageing it. Slowly she was liking it.i began to massage her nipple. I moved my hand to her butt felt the great shape and smootched her lips.my hand moved to all curves of the body and scanned for the pussy.which was easy to find,i fingered it till she moarned.i still applied more soap and began to press it hard and harder till the pain became enjoyment.

Now i wanted to fuck her in the ass,i turned her round and her ass faced me. I applied some gel which was there in the bathroom.i applied it properly so as to get some lubrication in her asshole.i also applied some to my cock.i gently inserted ino her anal canal and gently stroked it.i got access to the inner parts of her butt and began to hump her from behind and started to pinch her boobs

Initially it was paining but later i accelerated the striking and the moarning continued. Now the anal muscles were pretty relaxed and there was no pain anymore she was enjoining it.once i had buried my cock balls deep in sheilas hot wet slit i began to probe her pussy with two fingers.
I began to press her titts from the back and at the same time i inserted my fingers into her pussy.she was getting triple enjoyment .i continued her triple treat and cummed in her ass.her climax was approaching and as she began to quiver with orgasm.
She kept leaping in ecstasy and was working on her tits herself. Her tongue was out and she was licking her finger tips and even biting them.i gathered pace and fucked her till she cried in pain and wanted more and more.soon i removed my dick and continued the fingering till she reached orgasm.with a sigh of releif she gave out a cry when she reached orgasm.i was finding it heavenly with the smell of the pussy and was hungrily licking her clit


She took my organ in her had and began to lick it.i waited till she licked it clean she also sucked my balls and tried to swollow it.now i applied soap to all parts of her body.she applied some to my dick and chest.after we had bath, we had tea together.
After that i moved out of the house for some work.

and it became a routine till one day she left the locality and moved to some other locality.i still remember all the sessions we had together.

But never mind life will move on!!!!!!.
I will meet new ones.i did meet some online after my first story "my three big secrets" that was published in the coulple section. If you cant find it type "slash" or "my three big secrets" in the search box in the main page of iss. You definitely will like it.like the other people who have read it.it has got 5 star rating.

If you would like to contact me for friendship,hot chat,for fun or for anything dont hesitate.
Do so by mailing me at slash_gnr_goa@... or ajvjdsa@....
I am also on the messenger if u want to chat.just tell be before,maybe we can exchange some pics,data or some hot stuff.some of the response have come from girls who gave their phone number for hot chat they speak for hours together,if you also want you can do so.

I am waiting for your feedback especially from goan people, also please dont forget to rate my story, since i want to know whether i should continue writing or stop here.it will depend on your response. Remember good response inspire people,since you get to read stories free of cost. try to spread the word of iss to the world.
I usually do so by putting a iss link in the chat room for people to see.
So far thousands of people have visited iss because of my publicity, they have thanked for introducing them to iss, as they were completely unaware of its existence.

