Author: mypenname3000
Commissioned by: annonymous
Title: Summoning My Succubus Mother Chapter Two: Mommy's Hot Succubus Juices
Summary: When his succubus-mother drops him off for school, she makes sure he's drenched in her passion.
Keywords: mF inc oral Fdom school wife cheat exhib voy public supernatural

Copywrite 2020

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This one off story was commissioned by a fan!

Last night, I had achieved my dream. 

Sort of. 

I had summoned my succubus. I had performed the ritual just like it said in the book. I had accessed the Lilith Qlipha while chanting the spell that I had learned from Qabalah, Qliphoth and Goetic Magic. It had worked. I couldn't believe it when my succubus had appeared. Finally, I would get laid and have dominion over the hottest woman in the world. A supernatural hottie.

Only the succubus who appeared was my mother.

I couldn't believe it. My mother was a succubus. A being of sex who was more than willing to take my virginity. She didn't care about the incest. No. She cared. That just made it hotter for her. She had looked a little different in her true form, but there was no doubting it was my mother.

Especially when she made me do my homework before she would have more sex with me. I was her master. I commanded her. Sort of. Maybe it was because she was my mother that I couldn't fully control her. Perhaps she could defy me because she had raised me or I couldn't fully dominate her for the same reason.

I didn't feel like I owned my succubus even though she claimed I did. She even called me Master. But did she mean it?

Now my mommy-succubus was driving me to school. She sat next to me looking incredibly hot. I mean, I couldn't believe the sort of outfit she was in. She had appeared this morning dressed like a schoolgirl. She had on a pleated, tartan skirt and a crisp, white blouse complete with a bow tie. She had done up her black hair into pigtails. She didn't look young, but she did look hot.

Because it was a slutty schoolgirl outfit. The skirt was so short if she bent over, she would flash her naked ass and shaved pussy (which she kept doing this morning). Her large breasts had no bra on and she had tied off her blouse beneath them instead of buttoning it all the way. They cradled her huge breasts as they bounced and jiggled. Her mature face looked vampish and not innocent, her blue eyes hungry with lust for me.

Mmm, there you are, Master, she said, pulling up before the school.

My cheeks burned. If she got out of the car and everyone at my high school saw that she was wearing this slutty outfit, I would never hear the end of it. This was so embarrassing. Why did my mother have to be the succubus I summoned. Why couldn't it have been Tonya or Shelly or Veronica? Hell, even Mrs. Hemlock or Mrs. Spartan. MILFs, yes, but not my mother.

Mmm, let me just give you a kiss goodbye, Master, she purred. Then, somehow, she climbed over the center console of the car and straddled my waist. I was shocked by this. Her big boobs were right before my face in the tied-off blouse.

Mom, wait, I gasped as students were walking by the car. You can't do this here.

Of course I can, she said brightly. I'm your mother. Your sexy mommy-succubus. It's only right I kiss my hung son.

Her hands cupped my face. They were soft and hot as they stroked my cheeks. Her blue eyes sparkled. She kissed me, her tongue thrusting into my mouth. I groaned, my cock throbbing as she ground her pussy on me. She wore no panties. She must be staining the front of my jeans with her pussy juices.

I groaned, unable to help how amazing this kiss was. It was hot. My blood boiled from the intensity of it. Her tongue, which could grow very long and prehensile in her succubus form, played with mine. My hands clenched into fists.

She savored it, grinding her pussy on my crotch.

I was fully hard now. She had to know it. She had to feel my cock throbbing. She claimed I was bigger than any other guy, even my father. He had summoned her and then grown bored, leaving her pregnant with me which let her stay in this world to raise me.

One day, she would have gone back to the Lilith Qlipha and left me on my own. But now... Now we had a contract so she could stay longer. 

She broke the kiss and leaned back. To my shock, her blouse had come unknotted and her large tits had spilled out. They were big, gravity-defying breasts with pink nipples. The black rings that pierced them when she was in her succubus form were missing, but they were just as fat and suckable.

How? I asked, her hands still on my face. Your hands couldn't have unknotted them.

Oh, well, I tied them so it would come undone right now, she said. I've been a succubus for centuries. I know how to do these things.

But why? I moaned.

You didn't think I would send you off to school without giving you one more taste of your mommy-succubus's pussy?

My eyes bulged. Wait, we can't do it here!

Of course we can, Master. She licked her lips. Mmm, Henry, do you feel how hard you are. That sixteen-year-old cock is pulsing and throbbing. It's just begging for me to impale my cunt down your dick so you can enjoy my pussy. A mother knows these things.

I'm hard because you're grinding your cunt on me while kissing me, I groaned, her hand thrusting down between our bodies.

Exactly! She grinned at me, hungry and naughty. A mother knows. I'm such a good mother, too. Mmm, my big, hung son needs to have his mommy-succubus's cunt wrapped around his cock. One more cum, and then off to class with you. I timed it.

Is that why you made us leave earlier so you could fuck me before the school?

You make it sound so sordid, she said, her hand unsnapping my jeans. Like it's wrong for a mother to ride her son's cock where everyone can see them.

Yes!

She laughed wicked, my zipper rasping down as she reached into my fly and then my underwear to grab my hard cock. I know! Ooh, it's going to be kinky. The car's going to be rocking. They're going to see me ridding you. But don't worry, I dressed like a schoolgirl. They'll think you're nailing some sixteen-year-old tart and not your mother.

Mom! No one could mistake you for sixteen!

Now that's just rude. She pouted her lips. I go through all the trouble of dressing like this, and kissing you, and making you hard, so I can ride your cock before your school, and then you say I'm ugly.

I didn't say you're ugly, I groaned, her hand lifting my cock up. The tip pressed into her pussy. I said you can't pass for sixteen. You're a MILF.

A hot MILF? She rubbed my cock up and down my dick.

Yes!

With big, perfect, mature boobs that you love to stare at?

Uh-huh! I stared at those boobs swaying before me.

And a gorgeous face that's too sexy to pass for some innocent teenager?

Definitely!

Ooh, I love you, Master! She impaled her cunt around my dick and hugged my head to her tits. They engulfed me as her pussy devoured my cock. You say such sweet things to your mommy-succubus. I'm going to make you cum so hard the entire school knows it.

Mom! I groaned as she bottomed out on me. Every inch of her cunt had swallowed my dick. 

There was no stopping her now. She squeezed her pussy about my dick, making me groan. Then she slid up my cock. The heat of her snatch felt amazing. I groaned, my face scrunching up. I quivered, her twat massaging my shaft. My dick twitched and throbbed in her incestuous cunt.

Her big boobs smothered me in theirr pillowy softness. She slammed down my cock, the car rocking. The shocks squeaked. I don't even know how she was able to slide up my cock so high. There was only an inch or so of clearing above my head before the roof of the car.

It was like she was distorting space or something.

But it was hard to think about that with her silky, hot, mommy-cunt sliding up and down my dick. This was the pussy that had birthed me. She had brought me into the world with this cunt. I groaned, savoring that heat working up and down my cunt. The pleasure was incredible. My cock throbbed. I whimpered, savoring the pleasure of her twat.

She slammed down me again and again. She rode me with such hunger. Her cunt clenched about me. The silky passion was incredible. She massaged me with hunger. I groaned, my dick twitching and throbbing in her cunt.

Her pussy massaged me. Teased me. Loved me.

Mom! I groaned.

Oh, yes, yes, Master, just let your mommy-succubus pleasure that big, huge dick. Mmm, my son is hung. Yes, yes, this cock is the best!

Her pussy clenched about my dick, her snatch sliding up and down my cock. I groaned, her twat so hot and silky. The ache built and built at the tip of my cock. I rubbed my face back and forth in her tits, their pillowy softness rubbing across my face.

She held me tight to her boobs, smothering me with her amazing tits as she slammed her cunt down my cock. My balls tightened. Her juices soaked through my bush and ran over my nutsack. My dick throbbed in her cunt, the heat building and building. I would have such a big explosion.

Mom! I moaned.

Are you going to cum in your mommy-succubus's cunt? she moaned. Are you going to breed her? Do you want a succubus-sister to serve you, too, you letch? Ooh, a harem of succubi all loving your big cock.

Fuck! I groaned, the ache swelling to the explosive point.

Yes, yes, my hung son wants that. Breed your mommy-succubus. Fire all that cum into her fertile depths. Make a baby in her!

Shit!

Her pussy clenched down around my dick. She held me tight and then slid back up me. Her pussy suckled at my cock. The pressure rose and rose at the tip of my dick. I groaned, unable to stop myself from cumming.

I erupted.

Mommy!

Oh, yes, yes, flood your mommy-succubus's fertile pussy with your incestuous seed, Master!

She impaled her cunt down my pussy and joined me. Her cunt writhed. She shuddered, rubbing her big boobs all over my face. Her pussy rippled and writhed around my dick. Her cunt suckled at me, milking out my cum.

I erupted over and over. Mighty spurts of jizz that fired into her snatch. Her pussy cream bathed over me. I shuddered through it. Moaning. The car rocked even more. Blood pounded hot through my veins. I hit the peak of my pleasure.

Damn, I panted.

Mmm, yes, Mom groaned. That was just what my master needed.

Not what you needed? I muttered.

I need whatever my son and his huge dick need, she purred. Mmm, your mommy-succubus is very proud at how you've developed into such a hunky, young man. Sixteen, and with a cock like this. Ooh, it's amazing.

She lifted herself off my cock. I popped out. Purring, she put my cock, soaked in her incestuous juices, back into my pants. The spicy scent of her cunt filled the car. I breathed it in as she fastened my jeans and zipped me up.

There, she cooed. Then she opened the passenger door and climbed out of the car. I gaped as she stepped out with her boobs hanging out, and her skirt disarrayed. There was a line of cum running down her thighs. Students were watching. There's a large group of guys with a few smattering of girls that just watched me have sex with my mom.

Don't forget your bookbag, Master, she cooed as I slipped out of the car, my cheeks burning.

The guys were staring at me with awe. A few of them mouthed, Master. They were staring at me like they didn't know who I was. I knew most of them in passing. A few had picked on me, like Aaron who was on the football team. I opened the back door, my cheeks burning, and grabbed my backpack.

I turned around and there was my topless mother grabbing my face and kissing me on the lips. The guys started wolf-whistling. Mom's tongue thrust into my mouth. I felt her nipples poking at my chest through my t-shirt. I couldn't believe this was happening.

She broke it. Mmm, get good grades, Master. I'll pick you up after school.

I panted as she sauntered around the car, clearly enjoying all the guys staring at her big breasts, her pigtails swaying about her. She climbed into the passenger seat and pulled away. I shuddered, my blood on fire.

Christ, Henry, Aaron said. Christ, how did you...?

Wasn't that your mother? Tracy asked. She was a blonde girl I knew.

What? I groaned. No.

His mother? a guy asked. Hot.

Fucking A, she's a MILF whoever she was.

Rode him right before the school building. You saw that jizz running down her thighs. Henry really fucked her. 

Thought he was just a nerd.

I've never pulled a piece of tail that hot.

Shit, she even called him master. Master!

Do you think he made her dress up like a schoolgirl and fuck him to show off? 

Wouldn't you?

Yeah. Fucking hell I fucking would!

I pushed through them, the girls in the crowd staring at me with this strange twinkle in their eyes. I hated all this attention. I scrunched my shoulders and headed inside the school. It was crowded, the first period about to start. I threaded my way through, trying to get away from everyone who saw me. How long before everyone knew.

I saw people staring at their phones. They were nudging friends, pointing at something on the screen. People shook their heads in disbelief. No way, I heard. I know Henry. No way he had some bimbo fucking him before school.

Hey, Henry, a Black girl I didn't know purred. Looking good.

Uh... I didn't know what to say. Was she trying to pick on me? Mocking me? Acting like she thought I was looking good only to burst into laughter.

I kept going.

Henry, wow, you're looking different, another girl said. Danni smiled at me, her blue eyes lighting up. You start working out?

Wow, I love that T-shirt, another girl said. I think her name was Britney. Is that from a video game?

Er, yeah, Vivi the Black Mage from Final Fantasy IX.

Oh, that's great, she said. It looks amazing on you. What do you think it would look like on me?

Why was every girl acting like I was hot? Was this some bizarre form of bullying? No longer content to ignore me or roll their eyes whenever they realized I was near. No more sniggering at me in groups, now they were doing this fake flirting thing. I bet the moment I resounded back, Britney would burst into laughter.

I have to get to class, I said, hurrying on to Mrs. Hemlock's English literature class.

Oh, hey, Henry, said a redhead named Abby. You should give me a call sometime. I could use some help on my chemistry homework.

I thought you got a 90% on the last test, I said.

I could do better with some tutoring. She smiled at me. Say, my place. My parents aren't home tonight, so no one will interrupt us.

I have plans, I said and rushed into Mrs. Hemlock's class and took my usual seat in the third row, in the middle. Usually, only one or two people sat behind me, everyone else before me. I started pulling out my English textbook and my copy of the Iliad that the school had given me. We were studying it.

I looked up to see Tonya, Shelley, Veronica, Isolde, and Molly all flowing to me. They surrounded me, staring down at me. A bevy of teenage beauties with big smiles on their faces. A rainbow of hair color, including Isolde's dyed-purple. They were wiggling their hips from side to side, their eyes full of mocking fun.

Henry, gushed Veronica, a Black girl with wavy hair. I really am not getting the Iliad. It's so complicated. Why does it have to be written as a poem.

It's so lame, added Isolde, toying with one of the purple locks. There are so many characters. Like, who is Hector again?

He's Paris's older brother, I said. They're the sons of Priam, the King of Troy. Hector is one of Troy's big rivals.

Mmm, all those men fighting over Helen, purred Molly. She was a busty brunette with a wide smile. It seems so dumb. Do you think there's a girl that's really hot enough to have a big war breaking out over her?

Like me? asked blonde Tonya. She wore some designer dress her rich father bought her.

Well... I... What was going on? 

You're not that hot, Tonya, black-haired Shelly said. I don't see the boys of this school fighting over you.

Henry would fight over me, she purred and then fluttered her eyes at me. They were blue like my mother's. I bet you would go to war to own me.

Why would he want a skinny bitch like you? Veronica demanded, her hands on her hips. You got no ass. Guys like a girl with an ass. That's

What are you girls doing? the commanding voice of Mrs. Hemlock demanded. Sit down right this instance. Class is about to start! Save your romantic arguments when you're not on my time.

The girls all froze and then they flew to their seats. Around me. They ringed me. I had Tonya on my left, Veronica on my right, Isolde before me, Molly behind me, and Tracy and Shelly sitting beside her. I glanced around, the scents of perfumes, body washes, and lotions filling the air around them, a floral sweetness.

Mrs. Hemlock stood at the front of the classroom shaking her head. She was a blonde woman, about my mother's age though without the perfect beauty that should have made me realize there was something unearthly beautiful about my mother. Mrs. Hemlock was still a MILF with big tits that her scoop-neck blouses showed off. She usually wore tight pencil skirts with dark nylons cladding her legs, and today was no exception. She flicked her blue eyes from the girls and then turned around and started writing on the chalkboard.

It seemed we would be discussing Achilles today and his famed heel. The rest of the class filtered in. A few more girls gave me these hopeful looks. The guys were all staring at me like I was their personal hero.

No shit, look at the pic, Troy said. That's her getting out topless.

Did he hire a hooker? Mark asked.

I heard that was his mother.

And she did him before the school. Mark glanced at me and flashed me a thumbs up.

This was getting surreal as I returned it, not sure what else to do. 

I have bigger tits than her, cooed Molly.

I don't care if she's your mother, Tonya said. I'll still let you date me. 

You want a girl with an

I told you girls to be quiet, Mrs. Hemlock snapped, whirling around. We have literature to discuss. You have your entire lives to act like catty, desperate housewives drooling over a hot guy. You have this hour to learn something about our literary heritage as human beings. The Iliad is one of the great works of the ancient world, most of which were lost thanks to the sacking of the Library of Alexandria and so many other pointless wars. Two parts of Homer's epic survived. Just two. The Iliad and the Odyssey. Now, let's turn to page...

She started her lecture on Achilles, who he was, how his mother had dipped him into the River Styx to give him invulnerability, but she had to hold him by the heel, leaving one small part of him vulnerable. The one part that would eventually take him down when Paris shot him there with an arrow.
 
We know that he was a petulant hero, Mrs. Hemlock lectured. Arrogant and brash. When his favorite slave girl was taken by Agamemnon, he refused to fight for days, and the Greeks were losing. You might be surprised by that. By modern standards, Greek heroes could be positively callous and heroic. The view of women, sadly, was not held in high regard in Greek society. They were objects, for the most part, mothers, wives, and slave-girls. The former two were respected, the later used and abused. But that doesn't mean there aren't lessons to be learned. Every work of fiction can have something to teach us to make us into better humans.

And not vacuous, empty-headed, preening idiots that spend all their time on the dopamine lottery that is social media. She flicked her gaze across the classroom. And I can see that my words are falling on stony rocks and not fertile soil. Pity.

She was a strange teacher. Most would praise their students, encourage them, but she despaired that we would ever bother to learn what she was trying to teach, which seemed more how to think than memorize facts. She had to give those standardized tests, of course, but she would also give us many essay questions where you had to figure out what something meant. Use your brain.

She wasn't a very popular teacher, but she had tenure.

I hope something of what we talked about sunk in, she said. Remember, that no matter how damning a problem is, how daunting it seems and impossible to defeat, if you don't give up, you just might find its Achilles's heel and defeat it. She glanced at the clock. Finish reading the poem and we'll talk about the fall of Troy and get set to start reading the Aeneid next. Henry, if you could stay back, I want to talk to you.

Me? I asked.

The other girls all gave me commiserating looks. They all stood up and slouched away, throwing me beseeching glances. Especially Tonya who seemed to think I would defy the teacher and run after her because of her beauty.

Eh, what's wrong, Mrs. Hemlock? I asked as I slowly gathered up my things. The others were filing out. She stood by the door, holding it, ushering them out.

She answered with a polite smile then glanced over at Tonya. Go. You can bat your wiles at him during lunch or something. You have class.

But Tonya started to say only to have Mrs. Hemlock close the door in her face.

Is everything okay? she asked, a click coming from the door. Had she just locked it?

Uh, yeah? I asked, confused.

Were they picking on you? she asked. Because it seemed like they were all pretending to be into you. And, well, that does seem unusual, doesn't it?

Yeah, I said. It's probably... I swallowed. It had to be my mom. Maybe I was covered in succubus pheromones or something. She had put my cock away wet. I breathed in and could just smell her spicy musk now that I was away from all that overpowering perfume.

Probably what? she asked and leaned against the front of her desk, staring at me. If something is going on in your life, you can tell me, Henry. Because that was weird. Something is going on.

I... well... Just things are strange at home. 

Oh? She grabbed my hand and pulled me to her. Strange, how?

I swallowed at how close I was to her. 

She had this bold gleam in her blue eyes. They were so similar to my mother's. Her blonde hair spilled around her lush face. She was beautiful, not the unearthly perfection of my mom, but still enough to make me nervous. 

A faint perfume rose around her. Flowery but subtle.

My cock throbbed. I was growing hard being this close to her. She stared into my eyes, her head cocking. Well, well, that is interesting. She smiled. I always thought there was something different about you, Henry.

Uh... I swallowed. What are you talking about.

That you're a handsome, young man. She smiled. You've lost your virginity. Mmm, I can see the confidence in you. Do you know how much that turns a woman on? Confidence?

No, no, it's probably

On your knees, Henry! Her words cracked like a whip, her eyes boring hard into me. 

I yelped and fell to my knees. I swallowed, so shocked to have her be so dominating. Whatever my mother had done to me was now affecting my teacher. Only she wasn't a schoolgirl playing at being a woman, she was a mature MILF who knew what she wanted. She had confidence, too. None of those girls would have the guts to do this, but Mrs. Hemlock...

She started dragging up her skirt. Mmm, you make teaching such an exciting delight. You were watching me the whole time. Your eyes on me. Absorbing the information. That sort of attention deserves a reward, don't you think.

I... Well.... My cheeks burned. My dick throbbed. Y-you're married.

Mmm, we don't need to worry about Luke. He's not here, but you... Her skirt rose higher revealing that she didn't wear pantyhose but thigh-high stockings. Black garters held the day nylons up. I swallowed, a tangy scent filling my nose.

Her pussy.

You're here, Henry, she moaned, her skirt rising higher. She had a beauty mark on her inner, right thigh right beneath...

Her pussy.

She had no panties on beneath her skirt. Her blonde bush dripped with cream. The folds of her pussy peeked through. I groaned at the sight, shocked that this was happening. Her hand grabbed the back of my head, holding a fistful of my black hair.

She yanked me foreword, burying my face into her cunt. I was helpless to fight against her. The curls of her bush and the wet kiss of her married pussy were too much for any teenage boy to resist. I licked her pussy like I had my mother's last night.

Mrs. Hemlock moaned. Her back arched. Her boobs jiggled. She groaned, her head throwing back. She shuddered, holding my head to her cunt. She ground my face into her twat, her silky curls rubbing on my face.

That's it, she moaned. Enjoy your reward.

My reward? It seemed like she was the one being rewarded as she rubbed my face into her cunt. But I couldn't resist.

I licked her.

My tongue fluttered through her folds, stroking her pussy lips and drinking her tangy juices. She groaned, her boobs jiggling in her scoop-neck blouse. The stretchy purple clung to those boobs. She had to be wearing a bra. She couldn't have gravity-defying boobs like my mother. Mrs. Hemlock wasn't a succubus.

Right?

My tongue danced through her folds. I licked and lapped at her with hunger. My tongue darted around in her folds as she groaned. Her juices spilled over my chin and ran down to my throat. I groaned, my dick throbbed in my pants.

That's it, she groaned. Mmm, yes, yes, Henry. Ooh, you're enjoying my married pussy. Yes, yes. Just keep that tongue in me. Oh, that's it. That's wonderful.

Mrs. Hemlock, I moaned into her cunt, my cock so hard.

I fluttered my tongue around in her pussy. I licked and lapped at her with hunger. My tongue swirled about in her snatch. She moaned, her twat squeezing about my tongue. Her juices grew hotter and hotter.

Then I flicked to her clit. I brushed her bud. The married teacher moaned. Her boobs heaved beneath her blouse. She shuddered and then grabbed her blouse. She drew it up her flat belly. The cups of a black bra appeared clinging to her large breasts. She threw off her top as she whimpered and moaned, her juices spilling over my chin.

That's it, she panted, her hands playing around with the front of her bra. Then the cups sprang apart and her tits spilled out. They were heavy and full, her nipples dark red. She pinched them. Mmm, Henry, yes, yes, make me cum and enjoy your reward for being such an attentive student.

I sucked on her clit, her boobs jiggling and swaying. She tossed her head from side to side, her hot cunt grinding on my lips. I lost her bud, just kissing at her folds. Then I licked to that pearl and nibbled on it with my lips.

Her boobs stretched as she twisted her nipples. She pinched and tweaked them, her eyes squeezing shut. I nursed on her, my cock so hard. I wanted to make her cum. To explode. It would be amazing.

Yes, yes, yes, she gasped. Oh, Henry. That's it. That's it! Fuck, that's good! Yes!

Her body bucked. Her tangy juices gushed out into my mouth.

I drank them down. I shuddered as she climaxed. Her moans echoed through the air, resounding around the room. Her body quivered. Her hands released her tits and planted them onto her desk. She arched her back, her blonde hair flying.

That's amazing! Henry! Henry! That's it! Oh, that reward!

I gulped down her tangy juices, reveling in the flavor of her married pussy. She groaned, her head tossing from side to side. Her boobs smacked together. She shuddered a final time. Then she panted, her breasts rising and falling.

Oh, Henry, she groaned. Mmm, now it's time for my reward.

Your reward? I panted.

Sucking your cock, she said. She grabbed her purse and thrust her hand in. Stand up and take off your pants. Let me see that dick I get to worship.

Uh... How was getting blown not my reward?

But I stood and undid my jeans. I was supposed to be in my computer class right now, but this was so much better. Mrs. Hemlock was so hot. Her blue eyes sparkled as she watched me shove down my pants and my underwear.

My sticky cock popped out. My mother's juices still hadn't fully dried on me. Mrs. Hemlock breathed in and groaned with delight. Then she fell to her knees before me, her left hand sliding out of the purse balled up in a fist. Her right hand grabbed my dick.

My god, you have a huge dick, she said in awe. This is magnificent.

Yeah, but what did you get out of your

She sucked my cock into her mouth.

Mrs. Hemlock! 

The feel of her lips around my cock sent a powerful surge of pleasure through my body. She nursed on me with hunger, suckling on my cock with such passion. I groaned, savoring how amazing that felt. My entire body shook from the force of her hungry mouth.

I shuddered from the incredible feel of her blowjob. Mrs. Hemlock's bold, blue eyes stared up at me with hunger. She bobbed her mouth, working her lips up and down my dick. I groaned, my cock throbbing.

Shit, I groaned. I can't believe this is happening.

She just winked at me.

Damn, I groaned, loving the feel of her mouth. 

She didn't have my mother's prehensile tongue, but it still felt incredible having Mrs. Hemlock blowing me. I groaned at that hot mouth working up and down my dick. Her wedding ring flashed on her right hand, a ruby instead of a diamond. 

I groaned, closing my eyes as she blew me with hunger. My eyes squeezed shut as I enjoyed the heat of her mouth. She suckled on me with hunger. I loved this wonderful experience. I groaned, my heart pounding fast. The pleasure swept over me.

My balls tightened. Her every suckle brought me closer and closer to blowing. I wanted to savor this longer, but it was so hot that she was sucking my mother's succubal juices off my dick. Mrs. Hemlock's warm, wet mouth created such suction.

Damn! I moaned.

She bobbed her head faster.

Mrs. Hemlock!

She swirled her tongue around my shaft. My crown. She was skilled at blowing me. She might not be a succubus, but she was a MILF. My MILF-teacher. This was every boys' fantasy who took her class.

And I was enjoying her.

Damn.

My balls tightened as she suckled harder. The skill and suction of her mouth were incredible. I groaned, my heart racing. The ache to cum swelled at the tip of my dick. I groaned, the moment hurtling closer and closer.

Mrs. Hemlock nursed on me with passion. She wanted my cum firing into her mouth. She ached to have my spunk flooding her lips. She would gulp it all down. It would be incredible. My entire body trembled. This was it. I was about to erupt.

I'm going to cum! I moaned as she nursed on me. Her tongue swirled around the crown. Fuck!

I erupted.

My cum fired into her mouth. She groaned, sliding her lips up my dick. My cum splashed against the back of her throat and then she popped her mouth off. I splashed her face with my cum, coating her lips in it.

Her left hand shot up and placed a vial, like we used in my chemistry class, against my dick. My cock spurted my pearly spunk into it, filling it up as my orgasm burned through me. I shuddered, confused at what she was doing. When it was half full, she yanked it away, and then I spurted more cum that splashed onto her tits.

My orgasm hit its peak as she caped the vial and stood up. Mmm, my reward.

What? I panted as she slid that into her purse. She then sat on her desk, her leg spread wide. She scooped up the cum on her tits and brought it to her lips. Why did you keep it?

I love cum, she said then sucked her fingers clean. She stared at me, jizz running down her face and neck. Her eyes were on my cock. She popped her fingers out of her mouth. And still hard. Mmm, that dick is huge. Fuck me, Henry.

My cock throbbed. But, you

Fuck me right now! 

Her words cracked into me. Then I was throwing myself on her, aching to ram my dick into her cunt. She fell back onto her elbows, her boobs jiggling. Her thighs wrapped around me as I pressed my cock into her married pussy, aching to be in her.

I thrust into her tight cunt. She gasped, her eyes widening. Her pussy clenched down on my dick as I slammed to the hilt in her. A look of pure, abject joy crossed her face. She shuddered, her cunt squeezing about my dick. 

Oh, my god, Henry, she moaned. Ooh, that is a dick. Yes, yes, that is an amazing cock. You're huge, Henry.

Really? I groaned, her pussy so hot and juicy around my dick.

God, yes! she moaned. I've never... Damn! Fuck me with your big dick! Pound my cunt with that huge cock and make me cum!

Yes, Mrs. Hemlock! I groaned, eager to obey now that I was in her tight, married cunt.

I drew back my hips and realized I was fucking my teacher. I thrust back into her cunt, watching her cum-splattered face twist with delight while her big boobs heaved. Her pussy held me tight. She gripped me as I thrust away at her. I fucked into her hard and fast.

I buried to the hilt in her, loving how amazing it was to have her twat wrapped around me. I groaned as I thrust into her snatch. I buried over and over into her cunt, loving the way her twat held me. It was fantastic to feel. To experience. I groaned, savoring that wonderful passion. 

Oh, my god, she moaned. Oh, Henry, this cock!

I loved her words. This wasn't my mom. This wasn't incest. This was... more normal. I shuddered, savoring the pleasure of her pussy. How she squeezed about me. She only wanted me because of my mother, but it still felt incredible to hear her moan and gasp.

I bet Mom was at home just loving that I was fucking my teacher. She probably set me up deliberately, soaking me in her pussy cream so every girl and woman at my high school would want to fuck me.

And... I liked that. I'd have to thank my mommy-succubus for this. 

I thrust hard into Mrs. Hemlock's cunt. Her thighs held me tight. She squeezed me as I drilled into her cunt. Her boobs jiggled, some of my cum gleaming on their creamy surface. Her expression twisted, my jizz drying on her features.

I coated her like a whore. I spurted my jizz all over her face. It had felt incredible to do, too. Just amazing to bathe her in my spunk. I groaned, the pleasure rippling through my body with every thrust into her pussy.

Her married cunt.

My teacher moaned, her boobs heaving as I rammed into her. She scrunched up her jizz coated face, pleasure crossing her as my big dick drove into her cunt, bringing her closer and closer to cumming. 

To exploding.

I would make my teacher detonate. She would burst with rapture. I shuddered, thrusting into her hard and fast. She groaned, clamping down her cunt on my dick. The pleasure was exquisite. I groaned, loving the feel of her cunt squeezing about me. 

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned, driving my dick to the hilt in her snatch. Damn, Mrs. Hemlock.

God, pound my cunt, she moaned. Pound me with that big dick and make me explode. Yes, yes, we deserve this reward, don't we?

Yes, Mrs. Hemlock! I groaned, drilling my cock hard into her snatch.

My balls, smacking into her taint, brimmed with all the cum that would explode out of me. I would fire so much jizz into her. I would flood her with all the spunk I had in me. She squeezed her cunt down around my cock, holding me tight.

Every thrust brought me closer and closer to cumming. The ache swelled at the tip of my cock. The explosive release that would have my cum spurting into her cunt. I would flood her with everything I had. I groaned, burying hard into her. Fast. I plunged to the hilt in her again and again, savoring the wonderful passion of her pussy squeezing about my dick.

Yes, yes, yes! I groaned, burying hard into her. Oh, that's amazing. That pussy. 

It felt so awesome. I groaned, thrusting hard into her snatch. I fucked her with passion. I buried to the hilt in her again and again. I groaned, my face contorting as I rammed to the hilt in her cunt. I buried so deep and hard into her pussy.

Oh, Henry, yes! she moaned. Her pussy clamped down on my cock. That's it. That's so good. Yes!

Her pussy went wild around my dick. She convulsed and spasmed. The heat rushed through me. I groaned and plunged to the hilt in her cunt. The pleasure shot through me. It was awesome. I groaned and then I erupted. 

Mrs. Hemlock!

Yes, yes, spurt that cum in me!

My dick unloaded my jizz into her writhing cunt. Her pussy rippled around me, milking me as I fired blast after blast of my cum into her. I soaked her with my jizz. The pleasure spilled through me. Stars burst across my vision. 

Her twat spasmed harder. Her married pussy sucked at my erupting dick. My mind drank in the rapture erupting from my cock. I groaned, pumping every drop of spunk I had into her cunt. I hit the peak.

Fuck! I groaned. Oh, damn, Mrs. Hemlock.

Mmm, yes, she purred, her blue eyes squeezing shut. Such virile power. Oh, that's wonderful, Henry. Ooh, you can slide out of me now.

What?

Slide your cock out of my pussy and pull up your pants. She sucked in a few deep breaths. You have to get to your class.

Oh, yeah, right, I said, blinking at the abrupt dismissal.

I slid out of her pussy. I swallowed, watching my cum bubbling out of her pussy and coating her blonde curls. I sucked in a deep breath, my heart pounding in my chest. That had been an amazing orgasm I had. 

I suppose you'll need a note, she said. Whose your next teacher?

Mr. Fossiker, I panted.

That old prune, she muttered. She grabbed a small note pad on the desk and scrawled on it, crossing her naked thighs, her big tits heaving.

I pulled up my pants. She shoved the note into my hand as I finished and pointed to the door. Panting and feeling great from my orgasms, I headed to the door. When I tested it, I heard the lock click. It could be opened from the inside not the outside. I stepped out of it, glancing at the note. 

Then my phone beeped in my pocket. I pulled it out and saw a text message. Someone got lucky. Enjoy school. I want details!

Yeah, my mom definitely set me up. Having a succubus for a mother was going to be interesting. What would the rest of my school day be like? 

To be continued...
