Webslut Madison
byRockwellray0

Webslut Madison Ch. 31

Madison gets called into the deans office.

Madison stepped into the office and looked up at Dean Morris.

"Madison, have a seat. I - I'm sure you have an idea why you're here," said the Dean of Students.

Madison sat down. She tried her best to close her legs and ensure her freshly-shaven pussy was not visible under her skirt. It was an incredibly short skirt, one that barely covered her ass when she stood, and of course, she wasn't wearing panties. "I mean - I could guess," she admitted.

Looking down, Madison looked at her cleavage, on full display in her deep plunge top. It was cropped just a couple inches below her breasts, exposing most of her midriff. At least she didn't have any visible writing today, she thought.

Sure, she could guess - but which 'problem' did the Dean want to address? Her constant skimpy outfits? Her flashing in class? The videos of her circulating the internet? The almost daily exposure of "slut" or some variation of "slut" on her body, written in marker? How could she know?

"Okay, then," said the Dean. "Why are you here?"

"Actually -" Madison said, not wanting to inform the Dean of anything he didn't already know about. "Could you just tell me?"

Madison thought back to the email she received from the dean, asking to meet with her that day.

"Dear Madison," it began. "There have been some things that have come to my attention that I would like to discuss with you. Please stop by my office for a brief discussion after your 2:00 class tomorrow."

She knew it had to be something sexual, of course. What else? Her grades were fine, and the Dean of Students usually only got involved when there was a behavioral problem rather than a purely academic one. Still, she wondered which particular aspect of her sexual misbehavior he wanted to discuss.

"Well, Madison - it's come to my attention that - well, it's your online presence, Madison. I understand there are videos of you circulating the internet. Are you aware of those videos?"

Of course, she was. Madison actually felt a little relieved. She didn't think she could get into too much trouble with the school just because she had decided to degrade and humiliate herself online.

"Which videos?" Madison asked naively. Again, she was just trying not to divulge too much.

"Well - there's videos of you in a gangbang, having sex with a stranger, naked in the park in the snow, getting slapped - assaulted and physically abused - in an alley, and worst of all, Madison, there are videos of you begging for your life to be ruined, to be exposed, so you can never take it back. And attaching your name to everything. So everyone knows it's you!"

"Y-yes," she said, nodding. "That's me." She looked at the floor and crossed her legs.

"And that's in addition to you - I mean look at your outfit, Madison. I'm about to get real with you - real honest. You look - at best - like a freshman girl who's been sheltered her whole life and now has a whiff of freedom, going wild, exposing her body, fucking anything that moves. At worst? You look like a cheap street hooker!"

When Dean Morris spoke, it was obvious he wasn't from Illinois, or anywhere in the Midwest or the northeast for that matter. He had a slow, deliberate southern drawl and animated features. He was a rotund man of about sixty-five. And he was a nice man. But he was not going to be nice to Madison.

"Yeah, I mean, I know -"

"Madison, everybody in this school thinks you're a slut, or you've lost your mind. Based on what I've heard, I wonder if you even own a respectable outfit, showing your stomach, and your breasts, and your legs every time you walk in here. You should be ashamed of yourself, puttin' your body on display like that!"

Madison sobbed. She was ashamed, of course. Ashamed she had let it get this far, ashamed of her videos and her reputation, ashamed that she enjoyed being known as a slut, a set of holes. But the shame that was building inside her, as it always did, just led her to a state of arousal. A state where she, though she was ashamed, craved more - craved for those feelings of embarrassment and shame to continue. And where she would act out in order to get what she wanted.

"I don't," she sobbed. "I don't own anything respectable!"

"Madison! Why - why would you -"

"Didn't you see the video?! I'm forcing myself to look like a slut!"

"Forcing yourself?"

"I get up in the morning. I go to my closet. And every top I own is cropped. Every skirt, every pair of shorts is too short. It's all I can wear! And I did it so - so even on days when I don't want - want - you know - to be - to feel humiliated, I - I don't have a choice!"

"Madison," said the Dean, shaking his head. "Well how - how does that explain you flashing your breasts, your - well, flashing everything - writing slut on yourself -"

"Those are the days I really crave it," she explained.

"Crave it?"

"Humiliation," she said softly. "The more - I guess the more I get, the more I want. The more I want, I get - like - turned on - I do it to myself."

"Madison, look - the reason I called you in here - I mean, you've got to stop all of that stuff. Do you understand? People are starting to talk. Hell, they've been talking."

"I know," Madison said meekly. "I hear it too."

"And it's one thing to show a little skin, get attention, we all like attention, right? It makes us feel good!"

"Yeah - I mean - not that kind of attention. It makes me feel good because it feels bad."

"Madison - huh?"

"If you don't understand, you're not going to."

"You're right, I don't understand. I don't understand why you would want the reputation you have."

"I mean -"

"Which brings me to - Madison - the main reason you're here. It's your online presence. It's the photos. It's the videos. The way you degrade yourself. I guess you -". The Dean paused for a moment, then continued.

"Madison - we tell every student that comes in here, day one - I think even during orientation - and we remind every student, every chance we get - be careful what you post online. And sure, normally we're talking about a student posting things on social media. Spring break pictures, getting drunk, getting high, acting promiscuous, anything unprofessional. And I'm sure you know why we tell every student that, don't you?"

"Yes," Madison said, looking up at the Dean.

"And why is that?"

Madison took a deep breath and sighed. "Because - because potential employers might see it."

"Exactly! It's no secret these days that they check your Facebook, they check your other socials, they look you up. And they search for you, they want to know what kind of person you are. Are you a party animal, are you reliable, do you seem normal, you know? And these days - to be honest, social media, as important a role as it plays - it sounds strange, but that matters even more than the way you present yourself in person, you know? Because that's usually someone's first impression of someone. And it's how you put yourself out there, so everyone can see it."

"I mean - let me ask you something - when you want to try out a restaurant, what do you do? Just walk in and hope for the best, or do you look them up online, on socials first? Of course you do! And if they don't have a social media presence, they seem sketchy, it's just as bad as when it's poorly done!"

Madison nodded in agreement, even laughing a little. "You see," the Dean continued, "it's incredibly important how you portray yourself online. That's how you're presenting yourself to the world! And how do you present yourself? Webslut Madison, begging for your life to be ruined, to be exposed, humiliated, to be a cheap dirty hooker! For everyone to know you're an exposed slut! I mean, it's one thing to post a couple bikini pictures or something. But you - Madison, you - this is bad! When people want to know about Madison Holt, what's the first thing they see? Slut. Gangbang. Strangers. Old men. Exhibitionist. That's as far as they're ever going to get."

"I mean - I can't stress how important this is - Madison, that's how you present yourself - to the world. That's what the internet thinks of you, the world thinks of you. I mean, do you know what people think of you when they see you online? Your online presence - it's - it's trash, Madison! Complete utter filth! Garbage! You - you are trash!"

A tear rolled down Madison's cheek. She sniffled and nodded, adjusting herself in her seat. "It's just -" she began, but he cut her off.

"I mean, Madison - why in hell would you do this to yourself? You ought to be ashamed. Ashamed of how you've treated your education, your school, your classmates. But most of all, how you've treated yourself! Let me ask you, how do you expect anyone to have any respect for you? To take you seriously? Your online reputation, Madison - it's garbage!"

"I - I am ashamed!" Madison cried. She grabbed a tissue from the box on the desk and began to dry her tears. "Is - like - it's just that -" she stopped and sniffled again.

"Just that what?"

"That - the shame - it -" she sniffled again, struggling to compose herself. "It - I'm so ashamed of what I am. Who I am. But it turns me on, like - so, so much - to do it, to - to get complete - like, ruination! It feels so good! It shouldn't but it feels so good!"

"You mean the sexual pleasure?" The Dean asked quizzically.

Madison nodded, not even slightly put off by the perhaps inappropriate question from the Dean. "Then I just - I go a step farther. Every time. Wanting more."

"Madison - here's what I'm going to tell you. You're never going to be a teacher with the online presence you have. And you seem to understand that, seem to acknowledge it in your little videos. So you have to decide - do you want to be a teacher, or do you want to be an exposed - you know -"

"Slut," Madison said, finishing his sentence. "I think the word you are looking for is - slut. Use it, it's okay. I do it all the time." Madison looked down at the floor in shame, her face red from embarrassment.

"Madison - you -"

"I tried, okay?! I tried," Madison said through her tears. "I tried to clean it up, I took everything down, but it - it was too late! I was already completely ruined! They took all the videos and - and reposted them! Everyone can find out what I am by just googling me! It's so awful! But it's also so arousing and I can't stop!"

"Madison, look at me," he said. "Look. I think what you really need is help. Professional help. To understand why you feel compelled to do these things and what to do about it."

"Why is everyone saying I need help?!" Madison wailed.

"Because! Attractive, young girls with bright futures don't deliberately destroy their careers, beg for their lives to be ruined - crave the pain humiliation the way you do to get a sexual rush unless - you know, they need help! Madison, I've watched your videos. You're lucky you haven't been raped, or kidnapped, or worse!"

Madison looked up at him. She knew he was right. But she also knew she needed to bring this experience - the Webslut Madison experience - to its final conclusion. She already was locked out of a teaching job. What else could she possibly lose?

"I already can't teach. I've been called out in interviews for - you know. My videos. So what could I possibly do, realistically?"

"You have a week left of school. When that's over, get help, Madison. Get help to get in the right mindset. Then get help - could be a lawyer, could be a tech expert, someone to help you get those videos pulled down. You're not going to teach until you do. And I'm afraid, the path you've gone down, it's going to be difficult."

"Yeah. I just don't know -"

"Look at how you're presentin' yourself, Madison! You're a slut, you're a Webslut, expose me, all over the place, ruin my life, make it permanent, make me regret this. It's trash, Madison. Trash! What kind of girl are you, doin' that to yourself! Do you regret it?"

"I - I don't know," she said, sobbing. "Sometimes. Other times - other times I like it."

"I just can't believe a young, attractive girl with so much to lose - so much life to live - would intentionally go around degrading yourself like that. I mean - your online presence - it's even more important than what you do in person these days. Do you get that?"

"Yeah," Madison said, sniffling. "That's why it's so hot - I mean - like - to trash it, to intentionally ruin it."

"Don't you find that humiliating?"

Madison nodded. "So humiliating." Her face turned red from the shame of it all, and part of her wanted to hide. "The - it - the humiliation - it just turns me on! And then I want more! Even being in here - this is humiliating!"

"I mean we're usually worried about girls - and even guys - going out posting too many drunk pictures, high pictures. But going out of your way to sexually humiliate yourself - that's something new. I have to admit, in all my life I never thought - I mean, Madison, what are you trying to get out of that?"

"To be - I guess - to be recognized, to be - like - I guess to be completely humiliated when everyone finds out - I'm a slut, I'm Webslut Madison and I wanted this and I accepted the risk, I did it to myself."

"Well - you can't do that and be a teacher, Madison. I mean it had been one thing if you didn't use your real name all over the place -"

"It wouldn't be as good."

"Not as good?"

"Not as humiliating."

"I mean - you have a decision to make. And I hope you make the right one. I'm worried about you."

"I mean - am I - in some kind of trouble?" She asked.

"There's no point in expelling you. There's a week of school left. Just - keep yourself covered in class. I talked about your little flashing expedition with your professor. Believe it or not - one of your professors - she actually took up for you. Wanted me to make sure you could finish out the school year."

"Kim?" Madison asked, interested.

"Yes. But you've been warned. Any more body parts on display on campus and you're out." Madison adjusted her top, making sure her breasts were fully covered.

"And like I said. I hope you make the right decision, Madison. You have a lot of cleaning up to do. Maybe by this time next year you can start your career."

"I think I made a decision," Madison said with a smile.

"And?"

"And I think I have to take this as far as I can. Maybe someday I will clean it up. But - I can't live my life not knowing what it's like. Always wondering, wishing. Always struggling with it. Sorry to - to disappoint you."

The Dean just sat there, mouth open, as Madison stood, adjusted her skirt, and left the room.

Madison knew she had finally made up her mind as she walked back to her apartment. "It's time," she thought. "It's now or never. I have one week of school left. Just exams. And then - after my last exam - I'm going to do it," she decided. "I'm going to make sure nobody ever forgets the name Madison Holt and nobody ever forgets what I am."

"A week left of school. No job, no prospects, no future. I don't have much to lose," she thought. Her hands were shaking from the arousal she felt at finally deciding to take the plunge.

In her mind, she went back to something she had toyed with before - full exposure on her personal social media accounts. Nothing against the terms of use, just a simple, lengthy post where she would come out to the world as an exposed slut. Something all her friends would see. All her family. Maybe a brief description of where to find her most humiliating content. And somehow, she would force herself to leave it up long enough that everyone would see it. Maybe even go viral, if she was lucky.

Of course, she had done it before - over a period of minutes, though. And she was exposed on Instagram for a few hours. But she needed it up for good.

"Hi guys," she started a post on her favorite web site. "Looking to be permanently exposed on all my socials in a week. Need someone local to help with this. Someone experienced. Push me over the edge until I'm ruined forever. Send me a message, I can verify. Thanks!!!"

Madison closed the app on her phone and took a deep breath. "And one more thing," she said to herself. "No cumming until I'm fully presented - fully ruined to the best of my ability."



