Story - My Sticky Vicky

I call her "my Sticky Vicky".

I remember the first time we got together sexually.  I got her partially undressed, and I had all my clothes off.  She stood in the kitchen, wearing only a white shirt, completely unbuttoned.  Her eyes were wide and bright, and her small firm breasts were beautifully framed by her open shirt.  Vicky's medium length "dishwater blonde" hair was just long enough so that the ends rested on her shoulders.  

She had just put a little olive oil on her hands. She grasped my erection and expertly pumped it.  I thought that she was going to stop stimulating me before ejaculation so that we could go to the bedroom.  But she just kept pumping, giving me that smile that drives me crazy.  When I felt my orgasm go past the point of inevitability, she pointed my squirting member toward her upper leg, close to her pubic mound.  My ejaculation squirted onto her smooth bare skin.  

When I was spent, and my knees were weak from the intensity of the thrill, she milked the remaining drops of cum into her hand.  Then she started playing with the gooey substance that slowly dribbled down her leg. It became more sticky as she kept playing with it, and finally she spread the goo over her legs and massaged it in while I excitedly watched.  Then she took me by the hand and led me to the bedroom.

Intercourse is about half our sexplay.  The other half is Vicky milking me.  She tells me that she loves to see my hard member throb and squirt.  Seeing and feeling it discharge its load of semen is very sexy, she says, and makes her appreciate what is going on inside her when we have intercourse.  

It's incredibly arousing for me to think of that too.  When I'm inside her, Vicky will sometimes whisper erotic things to me such as, "I want you to squirt as far as you can up inside me.  Make your cum shoot waaaay up there!"  That almost always sends me over the brink into an explosive ejaculation.

One time Vicky got me extremely aroused, and she said that she wanted to have me come inside her, but that she also wanted something special (wouldn't tell me what it was) and asked me if I'd promise to follow through.  I was so aroused that I'd promise anything to get in her portal of sensuality.  

After I spurted uncontrollably inside her, she straddled my mouth and told me to suck her clean, and reminded me that I promised to follow through.  I was kind of surprised, but a promise is a promise, and I started to suck on her pussy, taking in the mixture of our love juices.  She climaxed almost immediately.  She stayed where she was, with me licking and sucking on her until she had more orgasms.

Another time, Vicky called me at work after lunch, saying that she had some free time, and asked if I could come over to her house for an afternoon rendezvous.  When I got there, she had some coffee brewing.  

After some preliminary small talk and erotic foreplay (I noticed that she was not wearing panties under her dress), she poured herself a cup of coffee, slowly and deliberately brought me to an erect state, and had me ejaculate into her coffee.  Then I crawled under the table, and tasted the sweet fragrance of her creamy pussy, licking and sucking on it while she sat at the table sipping her coffee.  A couple of times she put her coffee down and climaxed.

Spanking figured in on our sessions occasionally.  My bare bottom is an erogenous zone, and when I'm over Vicky's lap, the harder she spanks, the harder I get.  Usually she uses spanking as a warm-up activity before intercourse.  

One time, however, I had a surprise.  I was across her lap, with my engorged member between her legs, pointing down toward the floor.  After several swats with the wooden hairbrush, Vicky placed a plate on the floor, directly underneath where my erection pointed.  Resuming the spanking with sharp brisk strokes, she told me that she was not going to stop until I squirted.  

Now the spanks really had a bite to them and I pleaded with her to stop, but she just giggled, all the while continuing to spank me in a steady flurry of swats.  I was also getting more aroused by the minute, and started to thrust my hips into her lap with each stroke of the hairbrush.  Vicky squeezed her legs together a bit more, while continuing to spank and giggle, and the feel of her smooth silky legs brought me to an incredible climax.  

Only then did she stop spanking me, and milked the remaining drops of ejaculate onto the plate.  She had me smear my gooey emission onto her legs while she sat in a pigeon-toed position, with her knees together, feet apart and her toes pointed in.  

When I'd finished with the task, I was quite aroused, and she lubricated her hand with her own pussy cream, had me kneel in front of her, and exquisitely pumped me until I again spurted uncontrollably on her legs.  After massaging the semen into her beautiful bare legs, she left that "cream" on her for the rest of the day.

Light bondage play is something that Vicky likes, both as the domme and as the sub.  I remember once she tied me so that I was naked and spread-eagled on the bed, and proceeded to slowly, mercilessly, and coyly tease me into such a state that I almost went crazy with wild desire.  She manipulated my erection and testicles until pre-cum seeped, and then performed a light tickle-touch on me for several minutes.  Meanwhile, I struggled at my bonds to try to get Vicky to provide some relief.  

Then she repeated the manipulation followed by the teasing touch, over and over.  After a long while of this, she put some lubricant on her hand and held her partly closed fist just at the tip of my throbbing erection, and said that I'd have to do all the work.  

Still tied and spread-eagled, I frantically pumped my hips, and as I got close to the brink of orgasm, she pulled away for a few moments.  She repeated this a few times.  

I begged her to let me cum, until finally at long last she took my stiff member in both hands.  While she stroked with her hands she opened her mouth wide, and I squirted and spurted jets of sticky semen into her waiting mouth.  A few minutes later she untied me and we had sweet, sensuous intercourse.

The tables were turned about a week later, when I tied her to the bed, face down.  First, I gave her a featherlight massage, getting her to "ooh" and "ahh".  Then I gave her an abrupt spank on her bare bottom.  Just one spank, followed by more massage, then one spank, then more massage.  The result is that she got to anticipating the spanks, and got turned on by them.  

I continued this for some time, giving her harder spanks until she was squirming with arousal.  Then I turned her over on her back and bound her spread-eagled, her legs well apart and her arms spread wide.  After giving her pussy oral attention, I entered her and gave a few deep, slow thrusts, and then pulled out.  

Over and over again, I alternated between eating her pussy and thrusting a few times with my hard erection.  Finally I could stand it no longer and I spurted onto her stomach and chest.  When I untied Vicky, she played with the gooey ejaculate.

There was a memorable blowjob that Sticky Vicky gave me.  First, I have to say that I don't find BJs to be particularly a turn-on, but the way she did this one was simply exquisite.  

She brought a bowl of ice cubes into the bedroom, and had me undress and lie down on the bed.  Then she put an ice cube in her mouth and swished it around for a moment and took it out.  Immediately she took me in her mouth.  The coldness of her mouth was a nice contrast, and I instantly became quite hard.  When her mouth had warmed up, she withdrew and put an ice cube back into her mouth and got it cold, and took me in again.  

After a few repetitions the warm/cold BJ, plus the slurping sounds that she made while sucking on me, caused me to blast off with an incredibly intense ejaculation.  Vicky kept her mouth closed around my cock while it pulsed and pumped into her mouth.

Those are just some of the adventures I've enjoyed with my Sticky Vicky.


-----
This work is copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at email.com) are maintained.  Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
