_So I meant to have this up for Christmas but, I got kinda busy with holiday shopping and all. Anyway, I hope you all enjoy it. Better late than never._

It was Christmas Eve. Being a single 30 year old man, who didn't keep in touch with much of my family, I had no intentions of sitting inside that night. It had been a rough year. Stressful even, with lots of financial problems and I had been working my ass off the whole way through; I needed to get out and have some fun.
I wasn't looking to just go to some bar and get wasted though. Now that would have been fun, sure, but I wanted something a little more than that.
That's how I found myself on Craigslist, searching for some "company" you might say. I flipped through the casual encounters page for a good few minutes, before I stumbled upon one ad that really caught my attention. "Christmas Eve TS Sex Party." I wasted no time clicking the link and reading through the information. The party was supposed to start at nine o'clock that night and was at an apartment, in Center City Philadelphia. There was a phone number to call and find out more info, so I quickly pulled out my cell phone and dialed the listed number.
"Hello?"
The voice on the other end, was low and husky...and quite sexy.
"Hi, uh...I'm responding to the ad on Craigslist, for the party?"
"Oh? What's your name, honey?"
"I'm Jack. I was just wondering, if there's anything I should bring?"
"Just yourself baby," she replied, excitedly. "Condoms and lube are provided here. Bring your own alcohol, if you intend to drink. And you're welcome to bring a friend or two, if you know anyone else who may be interested."
I didn't really know anyone, who would be into this sort of thing. I had a few pretty decent friends, which I liked to hang out with outside of work. A couple of them had even invited me to their own parties...parties that obviously, were nothing like the one I was planning on going to now. Truth be told though, none of those people knew that I was even in to this kind of thing.
Best to be kept that way, as far as I was concerned.
The lady on the other end of the phone went on to introduce herself as Miranda. I told her that I would be there and then hung up, before making my way to the bathroom, to shower and get myself ready.
There were a few pictures on the Craigslist ad that showed a couple of the ladies that would be at the party. They were all very beautiful and the images had me feeling quite excited, to get myself to the apartment and have fun with them. To clarify, these were no ordinary beautiful women. This was no ordinary sex party, for that matter. It was a party for transsexual women and men who were attracted to them.
I had been attracted to trans women, for a few years now. In fact, if I'm being totally honest...I prefer them to cis-women. There's just something about being with a girl, who happens to have something a little extra...it just seems to be a lot more pleasurable to me.
I remember growing up, I'd always had good luck with girls. In high school, I had dated a couple of people and had sex on a few occasions but...it never really felt right. By the time my senior year rolled around, I had started to wonder if maybe, I might be gay. So, I stumbled into a gay bar one night...just to see what might happen. I had a few guys try to hit on me and I tried, to go along with it.
That didn't feel right either, though. These were big, masculine men, with facial and chest hair and deep voices. There was nothing attractive about them, to me. Still, I had pushed myself to try and see if it might take me anywhere.
I even found myself making out with one guy, in the corner of the bar that night. That's when I realized for sure...this wasn't for me.
Just as I was about to leave, I noticed a very beautiful woman standing by the bar. She had been wearing a black dress, her skin was tanned and her eyes were soft and gentle. Beautiful as she was, I could tell she wasn't a cis-woman. She had a few masculine features, such as her muscles and her jaw line...it didn't take away from her though. I found myself talking to her and I learned that her name was Nadia. We shared a few drinks together and then left the bar, hand in hand.
What happened with Nadia that night, changed my life forever. While I had struggled to feel any sort of connection with regular women, and I obviously, was not attracted to men, my first encounter with a trans woman was absolutely mind blowing. I felt more free then I had ever felt, in my entire fucking life...and I never looked back.
At that point in time, I had only been twenty one years old. Almost ten years later, I had been dating and sleeping with transsexual women exclusively. I'd introduced a few girls to certain family members...it didn't turn out well. That's mostly the reason, I don't keep in touch with a lot of my family. As for my friends, there were maybe two or three who were aware but for the most part, nobody had the slightest clue.
When I finished showering and getting dressed, I made my way outside and climbed into my car. I had a bottle of whiskey with me, wrapped in a brown paper bag that I had sat in the back seat of the car. I drove to the address that was listed into the Craigslist ad, and the whole way there I couldn't stop thinking about how this night would actually play out for me.
I pulled up outside of the apartment building and parked my car. Stepping up to the front door, I rang the bell for Apartment "B12" as I had been instructed, by Miranda. It only took a few moments before a tall, dark skinned woman opened the door for me. She was wearing a purple dress, with her hair pulled back into a pony tail and it was dyed blue. She had a lot of tattoos on her arms and legs and was also sporting a nose ring; she was fucking sexy as hell. "Can I help you?"
I recognized her voice right away, from the phone.
"Miranda?"
"Oh, you must be Jack, right?"
"That's me," I laughed. Miranda smiled and stepped aside, opening the door further for me.
"Come on inside, honey. The parties right upstairs."
I followed her into the building and up the steps, through the doorway of her apartment and she closed and locked the door behind us. Inside the apartment, the lights were dimly lit and the room was filled with the smell of cigarette smoke and alcohol. There was music blaring through a stereo system, and I could see people were already right in the middle, of having their fun.
There was a young man and a woman, on the couch next to the window. The blinds were shut tightly, so no one could see in from the streets outside. The young couple were happily making out and as my eyes adjusted to the dim lighting in the room, I realized they were also in the middle, of stroking each other's cocks. Across from them, sitting on a recliner, was another young couple.
The guy, who looked to be about twenty two years old, was sitting on a girls lap with his back turned towards her. Her hands were moving up and down over his chest, as she nibbled on his neck and teased his asshole with her cock. My own cock, was already starting to get hard in my pants.
"Welcome to the party," Miranda whispered in my ear.
"Follow me."
She took me by the hand, leading me through the living room and out into the kitchen. There, I was introduced to three other young women. The first, a girl with shoulder length dark hair and fair toned skin, sat at a table and was smoking a cigarette. Miranda introduced her to me as Carla. She looked Hispanic, maybe Latino and she was just as gorgeous as Miranda.
"Hey there honey," she said, smiling up at me. "This your first time, at a party like this baby?"
"Uh, no, actually...I've been to this sort of ball game before."
"Oh, is that so? Well then, you must know what you're getting yourself into...right?"
"Of course," I smiled back at her.
The next girl was named Brianna. She was a white girl and looked closer to my age, with blonde, curly hair and deep green eyes. Her smile could have lit up the entire fucking room, it was so beautiful.
Last, but not least, was the sexy punk rock looking girl. Her arms covered in sleeves of tattoos, she looked like something right out of an eighties punk band, with her pink Mohawk standing straight up. "I'm Lexie," she said, standing up and greeting me.
"You a friend of Miranda, or something?"
"No, I found the ad on Craigslist."
"Ah, I forgot we even put that up," Lexie laughed. "It's the first time we've ever actually done something like that, before."
"What, using Craigslist?"
"No, we've used Craigslist before," Miranda said. "We just never used it to invite people, to one of our parties."
"So...you do these parties every Christmas?"
"More than that actually," said Carla.
"We do it twice a month, really. Our Christmas party is always the biggest one that we throw though, and it's always the most fun. Sometimes, we like to try and invite newbies."
I was starting to get the impression that these girls may have been hoping for a guy who had no experience with this sort of thing. If that were the case though, they did not seem to be put off by me being the opposite of what they originally wanted.
Moving forward, I set the bottle of whiskey that I had brought, on the table that Carla was sitting at. I pulled it from the brown paper bag and everyone's eyes suddenly lit up, with joy.
"Ah, whiskey," Lexie giggled. "Now that's a great present!"
"We're all pretty big Jack Daniels fans," Miranda smiled. "You definitely made a great first impression, bringing this along."
"I had no idea," I said. "I'm glad you're pleased, though."
We all took a few shots together, and then Lexie and Brianna made their way into the living room, to join in the other fun. I stayed in the kitchen for the time being and hung out, with Miranda and Carla. We took a few more shots of whiskey and then Carla offered me a beer, which I graciously accepted. I wandered out into the other room at some point, and found myself watching the show. The couple that had been sitting on the couch earlier, making out and jerking each other off, were now in the middle of full on fucking.
The one who had been giving that girl a lap dance on the recliner, was now the main piece of a spit roast, between Brianna and the girl he had been hanging with earlier. The one girl, who had long, soft red hair, was busy pounding his ass nice and hard. Brianna was on the other end and feeding him a mouthful of her massive cock, choking and gagging him and moaning in pleasure.
Then there was Lexie and a guy who looked to be the youngest out of everyone at the party. He couldn't have been much older than twenty years old himself and Lexie had him pressed up against the wall, his pants at his ankles. Her hands on his hips, her hard cock slamming in and out of his ass. He was grunting and moaning, sweating and gasping for air as she thrust in and out with very little mercy. God, she was really giving it to him...he looked like he was having a world of fun too.
I felt a hand on my shoulder suddenly, turning around to find myself face to face with Miranda.
"He's a first timer," she whispered in my ear, referring to the guy that Lexie was fucking. "Shame, I couldn't be the one to pop that virgin ass of his...Lexie loves first timers though."
"Looks like she's having a lot of fun," I replied.
"Well, how about we join in and have some fun, of our own?"
I was up for that, no doubt about it. It's why I'd come here in the first place, after all. I turned around, to fully face Miranda and her arms wrapped around my waist. She pulled me in close and I could smell her perfume, my cock instantly growing harder, as her lips pressed hard against mine. She took me by the hand and led me over to the couch, where the other couple had been sitting earlier. We sat down and she pushed me onto my back, falling on top of me and sliding her tongue into my mouth.
I moaned softly, as her hand slipped down into my sweat pants and found its way to my hard cock.
I felt her warm fingers curl around my dick, and she began to slowly pump her hand up and down, stroking me and sucking on my neck. She kept it up for a minute and then stood up, and proceeded to start undressing in front of me. She put on a nice show for me, dancing slow and steady to the music, as she removed her clothes one piece at a time. Soon, the only thing she still had on her body were the black panties. I could see the bulge in the front and I gulped, wondering how big she was.
She hooked her thumbs over the sides of her panties, slowly tugging at them and pulling them down. The moment that big, fat, black cock popped free, I practically started drooling.
"You like it, baby?"
"God yes," was my only response. Miranda smiled wider, as she climbed back onto the couch with me and pulled me into a sitting position.
I lifted my arms and she pulled my shirt off, tossing it aside and then hooked her thumbs over the waistband of my sweat pants, pulling them off next.
My boxers followed close behind my pants, and now, we were both completely naked. She straddled me and threw one leg over me to hang off the side of the couch as she positioned herself in 69.
I moaned as her lips engulfed my throbbing cock and her own massive dick was hanging right in front of me. I didn't waste much time, opening my mouth and taking her between my lips. It was a lot to take, since she was so big but I'd had my fair share of big cocks since my first experience with a T-girl.
I gave a pretty equal amount of attention, to both her massive dick and also that gorgeous ass of hers. If there's anything I love about the female body the most, it's usually the breasts...and the ass. A girl with a great ass, could make me cum as many times as she wanted, if she played her cards the right way. I pulled her cock from my mouth and reached up with both hands, spreading her ass and burying my face between her cheeks. Miranda moaned, as my tongue darted out and pressed against her puckered hole. I inhaled the musky aroma, as I tongue fucked her ass for a moment and then started licking and sucking her balls.
She was still sucking my cock at the same time but, struggling to stay focused, as I did my best to please her too.
"Fuck," she gasped, finally pulling away from me and laying on the other end of the couch.
"Keep that up, and I'm gonna cum way too soon baby."
"Nothing wrong with that," I said, a little out of breath. "I bet, I could get you hard again, even if you did cum too soon."
"Oh yeah? I'm sure you could, with a mouth like that."
"Let's find out," I said, sliding towards her.
She stayed on the other end of the couch, laying back and spreading her legs for me. I laid my head in her lap and started softly stroking her cock for a few seconds, before I leaned forward and swallowed the whole thing once again.
My head was moving quickly up and down, and Miranda was moaning and squirming around, underneath of me. I was trying to deep throat her and my jaw was aching already but, I just kept at it anyway. I wanted her to cum, I wanted to taste her sweet cream; I couldn't wait for it. Reaching up, I started to play with her breasts, teasing her nipples as I continued to deep throat.
"Fuck," she moaned again, a bit louder this time.
"I'm gonna...c-cum!"
I felt her body tense up, as she lifted her ass off of the couch and shoved my head all the way down. Her cock began to pulse, as it pushed into the back of my throat and Miranda cried out in pleasure, exploding right down my gullet. I gagged a bit, but managed to swallow the entire load...and damn, was it a big one. She just seemed to keep cumming and cumming, and I was honestly wondering for a moment if she would ever stop.
Of course, she did stop eventually; to my disappointment.
"Boy," she whispered, breathlessly. "You really know your game...now let's see if you can hold your word, and get me going for another round."
I smiled, having removed her softening cock from my mouth. I'd made her a promise and I wasn't about to let her down. My hand slid up and down the length of her cock, slick with my spit and her cum. I started licking the head, the taste of cum still lingering on it and I loved it. I reached down between my own legs and started jerking my own cock, as I wrapped my lips around hers and started sucking only on the head at first.
Miranda gasped, still quite sensitive from her orgasm. I didn't let up though. I could tell, I was driving her crazy; in a good way of course.
It didn't take me terribly long, before I had her cock standing at full attention once again. When I realized that she was nice and hard again, I smiled up at her and winked. "Told you, I could do it."
"And you weren't lying," she laughed. "I think that ass of yours, played a big part in helping you out though."
Miranda slid out from underneath of me now, pushing me onto my back again and standing up at my side. I watched, as she started stroking her cock and staring down at me, with lust in her eyes. "Stand up for me, and bend over the side of the couch."
I knew what was coming next.
I obeyed her command, standing up and bending over the one arm of the couch, exposing my ass for Miranda and everyone else in the room to see. She moved behind me and gave it a nice smack, causing me to jump, as the sound echoed through the apartment. She grabbed a bottle of lube and popped the cap open.
"Do you want me to use a condom, or no?"
Maybe it would have been smart to say "yes" but, I was too damn horny at this point. I'd had unprotected sex, more times than I could count and never once, had I run into any unwanted results. "Just fuck me," I begged, not wanting to wait any longer.
"Mm, I love it," Miranda groaned.
She squirted some of the lube into the palm of her hand, stroking her big black cock and getting it nice and slick. Then she pressed the head to my ass, moved her hands to my hips...and slammed straight into me.
I gasped, my entire body tensing up, as I slumped forward and gave a loud yelp. She had buried all ten inches of her cock inside of me, in one straight thrust; I couldn't believe it. It hurt like hell of course but, I bit my lip and stuck it out, as she pulled back and started pounding my ass quite aggressively. I reached down and started stroking my cock again, which helped to ease the pain in my ass and soon enough, Miranda had me begging for more.
As Miranda was busy fucking the hell out of me, I noticed Carla approaching us, from the other side of the room. She had already stripped herself of all of her clothing, and I could see a very fat cock, dangling between her legs. She reached down and started stroking it, as she drew closer to us and soon, she was right next to me and Miranda.
"Mind if I join in, Miranda?"
"Not at all," Miranda said, grunting and panting. "You up for that, Jackie boy?"
"F-Fuck yes!" I gasped, as she slammed into me really hard, at the same time.
Carla grinned, happy to hear that were both willing to let her participate. Miranda pulled me away from the couch, never removing her cock from my ass, and turned me around to face Carla. Now it was me, who was the center piece of a spit roast, something I had not done in a pretty long time but I had always enjoyed.
Carla started teasing my lips with her dick, rubbing it against my mouth and slapping it against my left cheek a few times. I moaned, breathing in her scent and found myself craving her cock so bad. I opened my mouth and she grabbed my head, shoving her entire dick right into my throat. I gagged, as her balls pressed up against my chin and Carla grabbed a fistful of my hair and started fucking my mouth.
Between Carla fucking my throat and Miranda pounding my ass...I couldn't have been much happier at that point. I sunk to my knees and grabbed Carla by the legs, clinging to her for dear life, as I tried to focus on my deep throat skills. Miranda was fucking me harder and harder now and I could tell, she was almost ready to cum again. Suddenly, I was being flipped onto my back. Miranda lifted my legs up high and shoved her cock right back into me, as Carla crouched down over my head and dangled her balls right over my mouth.  
She dipped them into my mouth a few times and laid them over my nose, smothering me with them for a few moments. I could have died a very happy man at that point, with Carla tea bagging me to death.
Carla slipped her whole dick back into my mouth and started gagging me with it, as Miranda started grunting louder and thrusting harder. I felt her dick swelling up inside of me and I knew, it was time. Without any verbal warning, Miranda's cock began to pulsate inside of me and I felt the familiar warmth of cum, spurting deep into my asshole.
When she finished, Miranda withdrew her dick from my ass and fell back onto the couch, sweating and panting. Next thing I knew, Carla had moved from fucking my mouth, to lifting my legs back into the air again and replacing Miranda's dick in my ass with her own. I gave a low grunt, as she slipped right into me. I was still really loose and with how wet I was from Miranda's cum, there was no need for more lube.
"Damn, that ass feels good!" Carla cried out, as she started slowly fucking me.
In and out, she slammed her cock, taking her time at first and gradually building up speed. She stopped briefly, to turn me back onto my hands and knees again, and that's when she really let loose and started ramming me with everything that she had.
Lexie and Brianna ended up joining in, too. While Carla was busy fucking my ass, possibly even harder than Miranda had done, I had a mouthful of cock...literally a mouthful. Lexie and Miranda had managed to stretch my jaw wide enough, to work both of their enormous dicks, between my lips. I gagged and retched, my eyes watering from gagging so hard and my asshole spasming and clenching tightly around Carla's dick.
Things only got more out of control, from that point.
As Carla blew her load deep in my ass, another girl...the one who I had seen first, on the couch with her lover, when I first arrived...moved behind me and took Carla's place.
I groaned, as I felt her sliding into me and she started pounding away. I was literally being gang fucked right now, something I had never experienced before. I'd done spit roast before, I had even managed to suck two dicks at once before. I had never been the focus of a gang fuck though; I was loving it.
Before long, my ass had been filled with so much cum, it was leaking out all over the hardwood floor. I'd swallowed at least a gallon of it and my jaw was aching too much, for me to try sucking anything else. Every girl in the apartment had, had their way with me that night. I felt like such a dirty cock sucker but, in a really, really good way. It had been a while, since I'd had a sexual encounter that satisfying and I was thankful that I had found the ad on Craigslist, which led me to that party.
When it was done and over with, Miranda took me to her room and had her way with me one more time. Even though my ass was feeling pretty sore, I was more than willing to go one last round. When we finished, I fell asleep in her bed and Miranda drifted off not too long after that.
The next morning, before I left, Miranda told me they would be having another party for New Year's Eve; which was only a week away. She told me, she wanted me to come if I could and I happily accepted the invitation. After the fun we had all had together the night before, there was no way I could pass it up.