An Afternoon's Entertainment 
by Longing

A teen entertains her watchful neighbors with her fresh nubile body

Maddie arrived home from the bus stop and began her now common routine: strip out of the god-awful khaki skirt and powder blue polo shirt that comprised the school uniform, borrow her Mom’s Louboutin pumps and double pearl necklace, and parade around the house feeling sexy. She’d preen in front of the full-length mirror in her bedroom, imitating the poses she saw on Instagram and TikTok, and narcissistically enjoy the alluring nubile body that had magically appeared over the last year. The boys at school had begun to pay her a bit more attention, but if they only knew! I’m a fucking porn star! Maddie smiled to herself, admiring the curve of her own ass, the sweep of her new tits, the hardness of her nipples, the arch of her lower back when she stood in the outrageous high heels.  After a time, her increased heart rate and emerging wetness would indicate it was time for her next move.  She would walk into the backyard with a towel and some lotion and put on a show for the neighbors. 
      Like most of the homes in her Arizona neighborhood, Maddie’s backyard was surrounded by a seven-foot wall painted desert brown.  No one could see anything that was going on in their yard. No one could see her parading around naked, taking an outdoor shower, wading in the pool, or lounging nude on the chaise lounge.  No one, that is, except for the neighbor to the north, and the neighbor to the southeast, who unlike most folks in the neighborhood had two-story homes. They could probably see into the yard and therefore see her, but only if they stood at a particular window.  Or at least that’s what Maddie surmised.  
      She was never sure if either neighbor was actually there on any particular day.  That uncertainty, not exactly sure if she was putting on a show or just entertaining herself, somehow added to the excitement. And, it also offered a bit of an alibi should any of her naughty antics blow-up with an anonymous note to her parents. “I didn’t know the dirty perv’s could see me!” was her pre-rehearsed defense.  Since she had been up to this act for months now, it really didn’t seem like any complaints would be forthcoming.  
      Maddie stretched out prone on a towel on the pool deck and pretended to work on her Geometry homework.  But rather than writing proofs about the angles of triangles, she imagined her neighbors craning their necks to get a better angle on the crack of her ass.  She felt a slight trickle of precious juice find its way to her outer lips as she could sense eyes on her.  But which eyes?  The hot forty-year-old construction guy with the bitchy wife to the southeast, or the recently revealed lesbian to the north?  It didn’t matter.  They both made her wet. 
      Jacqueline felt guilty as she stood at the edge of the guest bedroom window.  She had no reason to be in that room.  She should be in her den, on her computer, laying out drawings or talking to clients on Zoom.  Instead, she was standing in the sterile, unused room, with her Lululemons tugged down to her thighs as she peered out at the gorgeous, dark-haired, olive-skinned teenager next door. 
      I deserve this, she rationalized to herself as she cupped a breast beneath her t-shirt while her other hand teased her wettening lips.  Jacquie had suffered an emotionally traumatic series of events over the preceding several months.  First, she’d fallen for her yoga teacher.  A stunning blonde with the body of a goddess and a sexy Ukrainian accent, Beata had seduced Jacquie with ease.  Jacquie had already been wondering about her sexuality, as well as the health of her marriage to a guy who was perfect for her in every way, except maybe one.  Beata must have noticed the occasional hungry looks that escaped Jacquie’s countenance, and after just their fourth session, she asked Jacquie to stay after class to help her clean up.  As soon as the other students were gone Beata backed Jacquie against a wall where she melted like an ice cream cone on an Arizona parking lot.  Beata took her, roughly, on a couple of yoga mats in the empty studio, bringing Jacquie off quickly and repeatedly with her hands, her muscled thigh, and her shaved mons, before all but sitting on Jacquie’s unpracticed tongue.  Jacquie tripled her yoga classes, and she spent as many afternoons and evenings as she could in the arms of her beautiful new lover. 
      Everything in Jacquie’s world suddenly realigned.  Dalliances with girls in high school, making out with sorority sisters, that close friendship with a female professor, were now transformed in her mind from silly, easily forgotten episodes to formative experiences, and she fell head over heels in love with Beata.  After an affair of only six weeks, Jacquie resolved to change her world.  She told her husband and parents within the same week that she was gay.  The husband took it surprisingly well. The parents, not so much.
      Jacquie was excited to announce to Beata the news of her bravery and to open up to the world that they were a couple.  She cut her long brown hair into a boy cut, stopped shaving her legs and planned her first public date with Beata.  She rolled into the open air Scottsdale bar in a tight white t-shirt, her thirty-year-old 34-Bs unconstrained by a bra. Baggie jeans hung low on her hips along with a thick black motorcycle belt and matching boots. She felt like an incredibly sexy dyke when she walked up to her gorgeous blonde girlfriend.  Beata did a double-take, and when her crystal blue eyes met Jacquie’s, there was only disappointment. After too many shots and too many tears, Beata broke up with her.  “I like femme chicks. I like married, femme chicks,” Beata explained coldly, her tantalizing accent now sounding like a super villain to Jacquie’s shocked ears. 
      Too emotionally fragile to try to take on another relationship, or to wade into the local lesbian scene, Jacquie hunkered down in her house, guiltily jillin’-off to porn and the hot little girl next door.  When the little nymph rose to all fours and arched her back before strolling over to the pool, Jacquie needed to go into a higher gear.  She peeled her tights off like skin off a sausage, almost tripping as she awkwardly stepped out of them, then pulled her t-shirt over her head.  With the discarding of a white cotton thong, she was ready for action.  Jacquie leaned against the window sill and spread her legs wide behind her.  She stroked, then spanked her ass. “Ok, you little slut. Let’s have a good show,” she whispered to herself. 
      Maddie waded into the shallow end of the pool.  Though the water was warm, it felt cool against her sun-heated skin, and every additional inch of depth brought a wave of goose flesh.  There was pleasant discomfort as her vulva and then her asshole met the relative cold of the water. She stretched her arms over her head and spun in a slow circle as she tied her long raven hair into a loose bun. Not knowing which neighbor might be peeping, she liked to ensure both had a view.  She waded deeper until her breasts broke the surface of the water, then stepped back so that her hardened nipples were available for viewing.  She swam across the pool in a slow breaststroke with an exaggerated frog kick, enjoying the feeling of the water over her whole body, but especially on her naked ass and pussy.  She pushed herself up on the coping of the deep end, pretending to look at something, in reality showing off her glistening tits, back and ass to her secluded audience.  
      She worked her way slowly back to the shallow end, where she lounged on the stairs. She lay back, her head against the coping, her legs spread, her back arched slightly to project her tits out of the water and toward the sky. She paused, imagining the hot guy stroking a fat cock, or the lesbo lady with her hand halfway up her vag.  Then Maddie applied the coup de gras by stroking the inside of her thighs slowly with her left hand, while the fingers of her right hand pinched a nipple. That should get them going, she thought to herself, as a smile tugged at the corners of her mouth. 
      She gave her own hairless puss a quick glancing pass of her fingers, then circled round to rub her clit, gently.  Too much, she thought to herself, as she rose and walked across the pool deck.  The feeling of the quickly evaporating water and the intensity of the sun on her skin was like she was being stroked by God himself.  Needing a prop for her finale, she grabbed her geometry book and tossed it on a chaise lounge. She perched herself on all fours, looking down at her book which she had opened to a random page. It was an absurd position, but it turned her on, so she returned to it again and again.  She spread her legs to the edge of the cushion, then arched her back so that her firm, round ass was positioned for maximum effect on her onlookers.  When a dove cooed or a loud car or truck passed, she used it as an excuse to raise her head high, completing the sexual display. 
      Maddie imagined the hands of her neighbors moving in a blur over cock or clit.  She also imagined the man there with her, standing behind her, fucking her hard while he pulled her hair. And she imagined the lady, kneeling, licking her quim, and even lapping at her asshole.  She wouldn’t last much longer.  She would have to go inside to finish herself with a hairbrush or teddy bear. She didn’t have the guts to full-on masturbate with people watching. 
      Jacquie was in a frenzy. She worked two fingers into her soaking pussy, pulling out every few strokes to focus on her clit, while the middle finger of her other hand wormed its way into her asshole. God it had felt so good when Beata had licked me there, and it was such a nasty turn-on to stick my tongue in her ass for the first time, Jacquie thought as she stared down at her neighbor teen’s amazing backside. Jacquie realized she was vigorously licking the roof of her own mouth as she imagined snaking a tongue into her neighbor's ribbed, dark hole.  She withdrew her hand from her ass and braced against the wall, as her other hand moved frantically against her clit. 
      At last she released, cumming so hard that her knees buckled and she let out a sharp, loud groan, “Fuuuuuck!” 
      Maddie stood, grabbed her book, and headed back inside to play with herself.  She heard the muffled sound of a woman’s moan and involuntarily glanced up toward the corner window of the neighbor’s house. She righted her eyes immediately but broke into a knowing smile. Her clit buzzed for attention as she stepped into the dry, cool air of the house. 
      Poor teddy bear, she thought. It’s going to be a long afternoon for you. 
       