Edging Practice
by commissionthegoddess

A 19 year old girl learns to control her incessant orgasms.

She was more than likely a nympho, though she declined the title, the inclination to come was unavoidable. Emerie often found herself lying in the recesses of her climax, thinking about the same thing over and over: why couldn't she go without?

At the tender age of nineteen, the concept of resistance and discipline was alien to her. Her parents were wealthy and spared no expense, and her impressionable looks had made life that much easier for her; luscious locks of tawny brown hair, and doe-like blue eyes would have been enough, but the addition of her high cheekbones and shapely figure had created a killer compound that few could say "no" to.

At the present moment, she had just finished exploding on her best friend's cock. Spent, she laid on his chest, listening to his rapidly beating heart.

"How was that?" Declan asked, an extra layer of eagerness lilting his breathless voice.

Emerie declined to answer and removed herself from his body, beginning to put her clothes back on. It was always so easy for her to come, almost too easy-- the excitement, the thrill, the want for it was beginning to wane.

"At a loss for words?" Declan smirked, looking down at his soaked appendage. There was nothing more satisfying to him than seeing the slimy wetness coat his cock after each time they fucked. She always came for him, wettest pussy out of the whole college.

Still refusing to answer, Emerie slipped out of Declan's bedroom and made to bound down the steps when Declan's father emerged from his own bedroom. Emerie, for once, took notice of the fact that Declan looked a lot like his dad. They both had dark hair, although the older of the two had gray speckles in his, and light eyes. Where Declan's face was usually bare, his father's was dressed in a five o'clock shadow. And perhaps the main difference between the two, was their build; Declan had always been more lean and muscular, having more of a swimmer's physique, but his father was bigger. Wider around the shoulders and chest, almost stocky. Not her type at all.

"Hey, Em. On your way out?"

Knocked out of her game of comparison, Emerie shrugged, "Yeah...I'm calling it a night."

"Let me walk you to your car, it's dark out already."

Emerie's response was automatic, "No, Mr. Lachlan, it's fine."

Declan's dad shook off Emerie's refusal with a smooth step forward, "Emerie, my son may not have manners but I'll be damned if I don't."

She wasn't interested in doing the whole polite back-and-forth thing, so, she acquiesced and allowed him to follow her out to her car.

Just as he had pointed out, it was already nighttime and the street lights had come on. A few children still played outside across the street, having not been told to come inside yet. Above, a couple of bats screeched by and she could distantly hear the sound of an ice cream truck making its last round.

Emerie prepared to open her car door when Mr. Lachlan grabbed her delicate hand and whirled her around. She was suddenly hyper aware of the children across the street, and the certainty of a pulsing hard-on that was pressing into the crevice between her legs. Her side mirror pressed roughly into the middle of her back, but somehow had less of an impact on her senses than his words,

"The next time you decide to fuck my son in my house, leave the door open."

He let her go, and strolled back into his house without a backwards glance. He knew what he had just started, and he knew exactly where he wanted it to end.

____________________

Emerie tried to ignore the inviting text she had received from Declan, but found it hard to deny just how much she was aching for a release stimulated by someone other than herself. But truthfully, it now meant more than that. Another, unexpected element was involved-- her best friend's father.

Emerie had known Declan since elementary school, they had only started fucking in the past year out of sheer boredom. They figured that they both found each other attractive enough to get something more out of their friendship, but to know now that Declan's father had his eye on her was unnerving to Emerie.

Unnerving and fucking hot all the same.

Emerie was practically squirming with

anticipation on the drive over to Declan's house, she could feel the wetness from her pussy gushing through her panties and slicking her inner thighs. What the hell did he mean "leave the door open?"

So that he could watch, or hear? Or both. The thought caused a tremor of desire to rush through Emerie's body, her nipples pressed against her t-shirt with urgency, aching to be sucked and pulled until they were bruised. She could hardly focus on driving, it was a relief when she finally arrived.

She sat in the car for a moment, debating what she was about to do. It felt wrong but she had done worse. Hell, she had fucked two brothers at once, fucking Declan's father wouldn't be the thing to send her to hell. Besides, it wasn't as if she was going to fuck him anyway, he was just going to watch her fuck his son. He was going to watch her sopping wet pussy slide up and down his son's fat dick until she came...

Emerie didn't even realize she was sitting in the driveway playing with her cunt until an orgasm crested through her entire body, soaking the leather seat. She would have continued had Declan not interrupted by knocking on her window. His boyish grin only grew wider as he took in her flushed features, "Well, someone's needy."

She didn't waste any time getting out of the car and pulling him to her lips. The kiss was sloppy, his tongue invading her mouth with a claiming ferocity. All the while his hands gripped her perky ass, driving her hips against his to feel how rock hard his dick was.

Emerie moaned, "Take me upstairs and fuck me, Dec,"

Declan could barely manage not fucking her then and there, he practically dragged her up the stairs, not giving a damn that his dad was in the next room, hearing their desperate clamor to his room.

She was only wearing a thin t-shirt and these skimpy shorts that were designed to drive men crazy, if she bent over, he could see the outline of her cunt lips pressing against the sheer fabric. Declan groaned when they finally reached his room and prepared to slam the door shut behind them when Emerie stopped him, "No, leave it open,"

He was too far gone to question why she didn't want the door closed, so he left it cracked and lunged for the minx now laying on his bed. Her clothes came off easily, exposing her fit body to his eyes. Emerie's bubblegum pink nipples were the most engorged that he had ever seen them, he took one into his mouth and sucked-- knowing exactly how she wanted it. Her body arched, pressing her tit into his mouth until he was sucking on her whole areola.

Emerie laid there more worked up than she cared to admit. Just behind Declan was his father, standing in the doorway of the room.

She could see just enough that it was an effort not to fall apart in Declan's arms. Mr. Lachlan held his own girthy cock in one hand, he was a little shorter than his son, but what he lacked in length he made up for in width. The thought of his thickness penetrating her caused Emerie to bite back a wild moan as Declan instead drove his hips forward, pumping her full of his long cock. She couldn't believe that Declan's father was a few feet away, watching her pussy get fucked by his own son and jerking off to it. It didn't take long for Emerie to come from Declan's ministrations, her pussy squelched with the force of her orgasm, spraying Declan with her squirt.

"Damn, baby, this pussy feels like I could drown in it..." never had Declan experienced such bliss as he had now, Emerie's pussy had never been so soaked. She was dripping on his sheets for fuck's sake, leaking down her thighs in undulating rivulets.

Declan's father, Aaron, watched the pair fucking with a plan beginning to form as he stroked himself to completion. She couldn't fucking look away from him. He almost wanted to yell at his son to pull out and move out of the way so that he could catch a full glimpse of the needy snatch that would soon be his to torture.

When his son did finally pull out, the premature fucker already worn out, Aaron took in the puffy pink pussy and the one who it belonged to.

He watched as his son took off the condom that contained his seed and smirked to himself, knowing that he would be the first to dive into her bare pussy, feeling her clutch his cock with nothing between them.

But first, he had to make her beg for it.
