Cinnamon took him back to her place. Though he'd been there before on a few occasions when he'd had to pick her up or help with her luggage, Rollin had never visited socially. Still, he'd wondered about what her life was like outside the IMF. She'd been a model, she wasn't married, no children, no regular boyfriend, fantastic fashion sense, not bad with languages, good sense of humor, not afraid of much. Even though as an actor he knew far more about makeup, clothing and role-playing than most men, he had a hard time seeing through Cinnamon's facades, separating the woman from her self-made mystery. Everything about her seemed enigmatically feminine, fueled by unexpected strength and secret tenderness.

Once inside she took his jacket and poured them both drinks, inviting him to sit on her oversized blue sofa with embroidered pillows. They chatted a bit about past missions, their favorite Mozart concertos, and their curiosity about Phelps -- their supervisor who never wore a disguise yet somehow remained below the radar of dozens of international organizations. Rollin stole glances at the books on her shelves, the simple glass vase with an exotic bloom on the windowsill, the handful of photographs scattered on bookshelves. There weren't enough material things for him to draw any new conclusions about her. Her belongings didn't lessen her enigma.

After her glass was empty, Cinnamon sat back with a toss of her head and said, "We should get to work."

When Rollin didn't reply at once, she uncrossed her legs, using the toe of an elegantly tapered shoe to push the one from the other foot clattering to the floor. Her stocking-clad leg hovered in the air between them, and her half-smile held out the promise of joys he'd refused to let himself imagine with her. He'd only ever seen that deliberately seductive look on Cinnamon's face when she was moving in on a mark. Yet now her cheeks were flushed and her eyes gleamed with anticipation, like she was planning on enjoying herself.

"Well, Rollin...seduce me."

In classic suave, debonair secret-agent style, Rollin dropped his glass loudly to the floor. Luckily it was empty and didn't shatter as it hit the edge of the rug, rolling to lie beside Cinnamon's discarded shoe. "Damn," he said before he could help himself. "Sorry..."

He went down on his knee to retrieve the glass at the same moment that she did, banging into her so that she had to hold onto him to steady herself. Though she did her best to give him a disapproving frown, her lips curled with merriment. Rollin started trying to raise her to her feet, then realized the glass remained on the floor, so he let go of her to pick it up just as she shifted her weight toward him. With a shriek Cinnamon lurched into his lap, knocking him back onto his rear end. He managed to keep her from tumbling him to the floor only by planting a hand on her ribcage, his thumb grazing the lower curve of her breast. Cinnamon's hands had stopped her fall by grabbing onto his shoulders. Their faces were inches apart.

Rollin's heart still hadn't recovered from the momentary cardiac arrest her last words had caused. "Sorry," he panted again, feeling his face on fire. Then, since she looked like she might be about to throttle him, before she could announce that this was all a terrible mistake and throw him out, but mostly because he just couldn't resist, he slid his arm around her, drew his back upright and kissed her.

At first she was so unresponsive that he thought she must have concluded he had done that, too, by accident, yet another example of his clumsiness. So he tried again, hoping to impress via the pressure of his lips how magnificent she was and how intimidating that could be. He was ready to groan in frustration when she suddenly melted against him, moving a hand from his shoulder to the back of his head to hold his mouth to hers. Thus did their first real kiss take place on Cinnamon's floor, in one of the least dignified positions Rollin could imagine, but he certainly wasn't going to complain.

Along with disguises, kissing was something Rollin knew he did well. He had been practicing since he was ten years old, with the older girls in the apartment down the hall; they wanted to try out what they saw in the movies, and he never minded pretending to be Clark Gable. Concentrating on taking Cinnamon's breath away, even though she was in the dominant position above him with her hands on his face, he urged her head to angle so her mouth would match his broader one. He teased the sensitive soft rise of her lower lip -- she tasted smoky and sweet like wine, delicious and unforgettable.

She let his tongue stroke her and gave him hers to suck, groaning faintly into his mouth before he pulled away to kiss across her jaw line and around her ear. "That's better," he heard her sigh dreamily before gasping as his lips enveloped the ticklish lobe. "Rollin?"

"Hmm?"

"You're not planning to try to make love to the princess on the floor, are you?"

"I guess not."

Cinnamon put a hand firmly on Rollin's shoulder as she raised herself, then offered him a hand to help him to his feet. She batted her eyes flirtatiously at him as she inclined her head in the direction of her bedroom. Seeing an opportunity to redeem his earlier oafishness, Rollin swept her up in his arms and carried her laughing inside, depositing her gently on the bed, where he proceeded to cover her with light kisses to which she could never quite respond in time. After a few minutes she grabbed him by the front of his shirt to pull him down on top of her, drawing him into a deep, searing embrace that left them both breathing hard.

Cinnamon's eyes had gone nearly black, the pupils wide and inviting. Rollin felt her pelvis shift against his, letting him know she was aware of his arousal. "Do you want me to...demonstrate my technique?" he asked in a husky voice, knowing she would recognize the transparent desire motivating the question. She took so long to respond that he thought he'd pushed too far too fast, but then she nodded slowly, reaching down to pull her skirt over her hips. He slid his hands up to tug away her pantyhose, only to find that she was wearing old-fashioned stockings with garters that left her upper thighs gloriously uncovered.

Rollin hesitated, wondering whether he was supposed to finish undressing her or undress himself, but her low whimper of impatience pushed that thought out of his head. The small triangle of material between her legs was already damp when his fingers brushed across it. Cinnamon spread out to give him better access, leaving a gap between the panties and her thighs. Cautiously he slipped a finger inside, wondering whether a princess would mind getting her silk panties wet, then realizing she would probably just discard them. He tugged down Cinnamon's, getting them caught in the garters until she reached down to help him unfasten them with a throaty laugh.

Then nothing interfered with his access. As she arched against him, he caressed her with his palm, enjoying the feel of the crushed curls in and around his fingers.

"Kiss me," Cinnamon whispered. He rose to his knees and leaned over her, bringing his lips down on hers, opening her mouth with a probing tongue that she met enthusiastically. When she pulled back, however, with her eyelids at half-mast, she said, "It's very nice but that's not what I meant."

Chastened, Rollin put his hands under her hips to slide her further up the bed, lowering his head to kiss her belly as it came into range. Cinnamon was still half-dressed, her breasts hidden from view by her blouse; he determined to do something about that as soon as he could. Now, however, he had a different goal in mind. He pressed his face between her legs, licked slowly along the inside of her thigh and began to tongue the hot juices at her center, enthusiastically demonstrating his skill at the most passionate of kisses.

"Oh, stop!" she shrieked, going rigid, and he practically fell off the bed jumping back. "Don't -- it's too fast -- I'm going to explode if you do that."

He stared at her, damp with sweat and adrenaline and utterly confused. "Isn't that the idea?"

"Well...in theory, but...don't you think we should stop before...you know. I don't think Phelps would approve."

"I wasn't planning to tell him," Rollin said, befuddled. Cinnamon opened and shut her hands like she was exasperated, or maybe just frustrated. "Do they tell you not to when you're on missions?"

"No, of course not. They don't tell me one way or another. They just want the job done." Her breath coming hard, she rose up on her elbows and pushed her skirt back down, hiding herself from him. "Since we have to work together...I think I shouldn't."

This is a job for her, he reminded himself, though it gave him a vague ache in his throat. She was doing him a favor for the good of the IMF; that was all. As if to emphasize the point, she added, "We're supposed to have better self-control." The concern on his face must have comforted her, because some of the tension went out of her body. "You stopped as soon as I told you to stop. When you're with the princess, no matter what, if she tells you to stop, you have to stop, you know that?"

"Of course," he said indignantly. "Was this a test?"

"Not deliberately. Not of you anyway." The tenderness crept back into her eyes. Slowly he bent to press a kiss onto her wrist.

"I don't see how it can be a bad thing if you enjoy yourself, Cin."

"You don't think it makes me a tramp?"

"No! None of the guys ever said that, did they? I'll pop them one..."

"No, they didn't! Please don't go trying to beat up Willie on my account." She smiled, but Rollin's heart was still hammering from an emotion he didn't dare try to name. "Phelps has always...he goes out of his way to tell me how important the work I do is, and how I'm one of the best actresses he's ever seen, but you know what some people think about the morals of actresses and models to begin with."

"Not me."

"But it's supposed to be acting. On missions I can't enjoy myself. If I did, I would feel like a tramp no matter what anyone else said. When that line gets crossed...I don't want to start forgetting who I really am." She gazed at him with sudden sympathy. "I guess it's easier being a woman. They can't really expect you to fake it with the princess."

Rollin stared at her, horrified. "That's awful. I guess I never thought about whether you had to..."

"Oh, don't worry about me. I can usually make it stop if I want to, without compromising the mission. Phelps understands that if I have to, I can call the whole thing off -- I told him that when he came to the company."

"Was it the same way with Briggs?"

"When I started? I don't think Briggs thought about what I might have to do, even though he recruited me to be the honey to catch the flies. He would make sure I was comfortable with the danger from the stunts or the bullets. We never talked about the other hazards of the job. After Fetyukov, when I realized the team might not trust me to keep my head..." Her voice turned cynical. "I've never lost my head. But I've also never called off a mission no matter what I had to do. I can't tell if Phelps respects me for that, or if the reason I'm the one he always calls is because he thinks I never would."

"Sure he respects you. We all do." She lay back again, sighing, her eyes turned away from his. Rollin tried to remember the mission with Fetyukov -- he hadn't been involved directly, but he'd heard enough rumors about Cinnamon and the spy to make him uncomfortable. He had always found it a little too easy to get into the role when he had to play her would-be suitor. He enjoyed watching her flirt with a mark, crook her finger and bring down a would-be dictator or mob boss, but he wondered how much contempt she might have for men who wanted her the way he did. And he didn't think he liked how easily she showed love to men she'd been ordered to destroy, though she had changed a bit over time -- she didn't seem to relish it the way she once had, particularly not since her capture in the Eastern Zone.

How had a girl like Cinnamon gotten mixed up in an outfit like the IMF, anyway? Rollin put a hand on her chin and tilted her face so that she had to look at him. "Cin -- is that your real name?"

Then he thought maybe he'd committed a real transgression, prying into her past, but her eyes lit up. "Sorry to disappoint you but it's Cynthia. Cynthia Carr. Nice to meet you, Mister -- ?"

"Handelbaum," Rollin admitted sheepishly. "Reuben Lewis Handelbaum, but everyone called me Ron. Just a nice Jewish boy from New York."

"I'm from Cincinnati. Probably had something to do with where 'Cinnamon' came from."

Cynthia Carr from Cincinnati. It was hard to wrap his mind around. He wondered what it would have been like had they met outside the IMF -- himself a struggling actor and her a fashion model, probably making more money than he did, too beautiful to approach. He wouldn't have had a chance. Rollin stretched out beside her, lifting her hand once more to his lips. "It's nice to meet you, too," he murmured against her skin, raising goosebumps up her arm.

When Cinnamon turned to meet his eyes, he closed them and kissed her. It was different now that he knew her real name and she knew his, not so much like play-acting for the IMF. And her response was much more intense -- he hadn't realized the extent to which she'd been performing, filing everything away in whatever portion of her brain she reserved for work-related research. Now she was just a woman kissing a man, letting curiosity dictate her actions, and maybe pleasure. Her hands pulled him close, her chest heaved, her pelvis molded itself to his. For the first time he felt as though they were together without any masks on.

He thought of all the different Cinnamons he had seen -- posing as a German rocket scientist to lure an enemy engineer into giving up atomic secrets, playing at being a nun to sneak into the graces of a Latin American dictator, working as personal secretary to a bookie whose alcoholism was probably the only thing that saved her from his foul-breathed advances. And herself, drugged and starving, nearly broken, her life saved only by a bullet-proof raincoat. What a nightmare that had been for the few minutes when he hadn't thought Jim would go back for her and later when they weren't sure they could get her out in time. He had briefly plotted to leave the IMF and rescue her himself if he had to. Probably it would have gotten him caught and killed, yet that might have hurt less than abandoning her...

Rollin's desire diffused out of his groin and lodged somewhere near his heart. He wanted to tell Cin about the feeling, but that would have required tearing his mouth away from hers, so he let it simmer while he concentrated on making her feel good. She didn't resist when he slid his hands under her skirt, so he stroked towards her center, smiling as she twisted to meet his probing fingers. So soft, and so eager, and he could see every nuance of her expression with her face so close to his, hear every sharp intake of breath, feel the building contractions as she rocked towards him with his name on her lips.

This time when he lowered his head and her thighs parted around his face, Rollin avoided her most sensitive spot, licking instead across the velvet folds and around the silken opening. Cinnamon's response was incredibly gratifying -- lots of moaning and gasping and rubbing up and down his face until by the time he slid his tongue inside her, she was wailing his name and tearing at the sheets with her fingernails. When he replaced his tongue with his fingers and concentrated on sucking the bundle of nerves jutting out above, she cried out and spasmed, trapping his head between her legs. It went on and on as she started to relax and he kissed her again, until her shrieks turned to sighs and her muscles went limp.

"Was it okay?" he asked when she'd finally caught her breath.

"Know how you can tell a blonde's not faking?"

Rollin shook his head, not sure what she meant. Cinnamon unbuttoned her blouse so she could pull it open, then unhooked her bra. A dark flush spread all the way down her neck and across her chest, while her nipples had contracted into little red knots.

"You did that," she accused with a slightly embarrassed grin. "Some blondes actually get a rash. I haven't been a real blonde since I was a kid, so I just turn colors." Speechless, he stared in admiration at her beauty. The self-conscious look deepened and her eyes disengaged from his. "Maybe I'm not the best person for you to be doing this with."

Right then Rollin couldn't think of a single other woman he'd ever want to do it with. "Why not?" he demanded.

"Because I was already attracted to you," admitted Cinnamon. "It's not a real test of your seductive powers."

Rollin felt himself grinning like a fool, and didn't care. Still, he had to make sure she wasn't just being nice. "You'd tell me if I was awful, right?"

"I'd tell you what I thought was awful and make you fix it. Which is probably what Princess Insatiable would do, unless she's a real bitch." Cinnamon sat up, pulling her blouse from her shoulders as she looked him over. "Someone's wearing an awful lot of clothing."

"You want to see if I'm fit for a princess?" he joked.

She lifted her chin in challenge, giving him a look of such frank desire that any residual insecurity melted away. "I want to see if you fit inside me."

Until that moment Rollin hadn't been sure she would make love with him. As fast as he could, he stripped off, fumbling awkwardly with his pants and briefs because his erection kept getting stuck in the waistbands. Her appreciative eyes followed him while she tossed aside the rest of her own outfit.

When he stood beside the bed to let his clothes drop to the floor, Cinnamon moved to the edge of the mattress and stroked her arms up his bare legs, kissing his belly button with a teasing look in her eyes. Then her tongue flicked out to draw him into her mouth. Rollin stood rooted to the spot, letting her taste him, shuddering in pleasure, but he knew he had to stop her before she took it any further and he humiliated himself within seconds.

"Not that I don't appreciate it but that's not a good idea if you want me to show off my stamina," he warned as he stepped back, putting his hands on her shoulders to lower her to the bed. She let him lie down between her legs and kiss her neck and breasts, strangely passive for a few minutes, before she suddenly tensed her muscles and flipped them both over, pinning him on his back.

"You could have just asked me to roll," he grinned up at her.

"You know you should always let the woman choose the position the first time, right?" she demanded in a sultry voice. Actually Rollin had always thought the woman expected the man to take the lead, but he nodded gamely. "And you should always ask whether it's safe."

"Safe? Oh. Do I need to bring rubbers to Anchise?" He was afraid she would laugh at him for not assuming a princess would have taken care of that, but Cinnamon wore a serious expression. Then he realized he had a more immediate problem. "Are we safe?" Now she smiled as she assented. "So what's the polite way to ask a princess if she wants to be on top?"

Cinnamon rested her weight against his throbbing groin as she considered the question. He tried to hold still but couldn't help rubbing against her just a little. "You could try saying, 'I live but to serve. How may I attend you?' That ought to work with any woman."

"Sounds awfully subservient."

"A little subservience is rarely a drawback. If she looks annoyed, you can always make suggestions. But she probably has her own ideas." As she spoke, without the slightest change in expression, Cinnamon slid forward, parted her thighs and took him inside her. Feeling her heat surround him, Rollin couldn't hold back the groan that forced its way to his throat. It brought a triumphant smile to her face. Quickly he pulled her legs forward with his hands, then sat up, eliciting a yelp of surprise from her.

"Two can play at this game," he panted, settling her more comfortably in his lap, still pressed within her body. While she tightened her muscles around him, he kissed her throat and stroked her breasts. She urged one of his hands lower until it pressed between them, eliciting little cries from her as she rocked against it. Each thrust brought him deeper inside her.

Rollin was already close to the edge, but that didn't unnerve him as much as the feelings surging through him. For months he'd watched this woman, though now he realized he'd hardly known her at all, had admired her and perhaps secretly dreamed of her but had not dared hope to find himself in her bed, listening as she opened up to him, sharing the pleasure she denied herself with others. It broke his heart yet he was so glad to have her to himself now in the total abandon she showed him, eyelids lowered while her neck arched to fling her hair back from her face, making growling noises in her throat. One of her hands clutched at his chest, the other directed his fingers between her legs. It was almost too much -- the lovemaking itself and the emotions spurring him on.

His salvation was that Cinnamon kept her eyes shut. Rollin knew that if he looked too deeply, he would be lost. He lowered his gaze from her beautiful face and neck to her breasts rising and falling as she slid up and down on him, the nipples hardened to tight pink peaks. Her pale skin gleamed against his darker arms and legs as his eyes continued down the round curve of her belly to the point where they were joined, partly obscured by his own fingers, the dark curls of his hair contrasting with the lighter, neatly trimmed patch crowning her pelvis. Her moisture slicked his erection so that it glowed purple whenever the warmth of her body didn't hide it from view.

Looking at her, Rollin knew why none of the women he'd met in the past couple of years had made much of an impression on him. It was the real reason his heart leaped when the IMF called -- not the excitement of the mission, but the chance to work with her, to be with her. Rollin was an optimist, otherwise he couldn't have dealt with the risks of his job, but passion like this had eluded him. Now he felt complete. He and Cinnamon were so well matched that he barely needed to move to relish the friction of their coupling. He filled her to the mouth of her womb, her muscles squeezing him. "God, Rollin," she sighed, and he answered with a helpless moan.

Cinnamon opened her eyes to smile at him. He gazed at the open joy on her face and could hold nothing back. "I love you, Cin," he choked out, and as he watched her lips part in astonishment, the last of his control dissolved. She held him while he erupted, her legs crossed behind his back and arms around his neck, matching his gasps. But despite the intense pleasure pulsing through him, he knew he had failed -- he hadn't brought her to the pinnacle, he'd let his own feelings overwhelm him. Not that there was a damn thing he could have done about that, not with her.

He was afraid to meet her eyes when Cinnamon leaned back, keeping him inside her as he gradually went limp. But she regarded him fondly, putting a hand on his face. "You're very sweet, but you shouldn't ever say that when you're making love unless you really mean it." Smiling wistfully, she kissed him on the lips. He wanted to tell her that he did mean it with all his heart, but she started moving against him, grinding her pelvis on his, and with a devilish grin she said, "Now finish the job."

Rollin tried not to look at her, lest she should catch his adoring stare on her long, elegant neck and her swaying breasts. Still, her eyes twinkled with amusement. "You're not angry..." he started to ask.

"I'm flattered." Tossing her hair back once more, Cinnamon winked at him. "Any woman with any sense would be. But if you're ever with a lady who gets angry, just tell her all the ways you find her irresistible. And then show her."

Her inner muscles clamped down on him, not entirely comfortably because he was still recovering from his climax and the tip was very sensitive, but he began to move with her, stroking his thumb over the wet ridge above the point where her body met his. When his softening organ started to slip out of her, he quickly replaced it with his fingers. He wasn't sure whether he should put his mouth on her nipple -- it wasn't completely clear to him whether women actually enjoyed that or just enjoyed the attraction their breasts held for men -- but when he lowered his head and she slid her hands into his hair to hold him there, he took that as a cue, using his free hand to roll the other nipple between his finger and thumb. Though his neck started to get stiff from the angle, he suckled and stroked her until she arched and cried out, convulsively clenching his fingers inside her as her own fingers dug into his scalp.

His whole hand was soaking wet by the time Cinnamon relaxed against him, pressing her breasts against his chest and letting her head roll onto his shoulder. He put his arms around her, trying discreetly to bring his fingers within range of his nose. But she looked up, catching him in the act, her suspicious expression turning to delight. "You like the way I smell?"

Rollin blushed furiously. "Uhh -- yeah."

"Then why don't you tell me so?"

"That's not too vulgar for a princess?"

"Not if you do it right."

"I like the way you smell, Cinnamon." She shifted purposefully, and he felt his groin stir.

"Go on."

"I like the way you smell. I like the way you taste." As he spoke, the rest of his body began to respond to the feel of her in his arms -- not just the erotic potential, but the warmth, the softness, the unexpected strength in her thighs and the fragility of her elbows and wrists that made him ache to surrender to anything she might ask. It was a new feeling, and although he wanted to explore it, he also tried to ignore it, because it scared him in a way very few things could. "I even like the way you look," he joked, because it was safer than any of the other things he wanted to say to her -- things he wasn't sure she would let him say. Sure enough, she gave him a heavy-lidded glare.

"Can't you be more specific?"

"You have beautiful eyes." She rolled them and let out a high-pitched laugh, but he continued, "Really, you really do. Sometimes they're blue and sometimes they're green but when you're happy they're full of gold. Your hair is always pretty even when it's a mess, and your whole body moves like there's energy around you." That made her stop shaking her head, but she still had a skeptical expression on her face. "You smell like something a little bit exotic, like jasmine."

"Neroli."

"Okay, neroli. And you taste like..." He fumbled for words, because there really wasn't any good comparison, it would be hard to describe what any woman tasted like, but this one in particular, the earthiness, the tangy sharp fruit-flesh and salty-sweet juices like liquor, "...like cinnamon, the fresh kind that's almost too strong at first but then it fills your whole mouth and you can't remember how anything else could ever have tasted good to you, and you have to have more of it..."

"You're good," she interrupted with a smirk, trying to distract him by moving her hips. But the smile didn't reach her eyes, and when he caught her gaze she bit her lip as if something had upset her. "You don't have to worry about what you can do in bed, Rollin. You could have any woman eating out of your hand just talking like that."

"Cin..."

"No, stop, it's too much. Just kiss m...you should just kiss her, and make her believe you mean all that, like she's the only woman you'd ever want to say that to."

"You're..." Rollin began again. But Cinnamon didn't let him finish, pressing her lips to his as she took his now-full erection into her hand and began expertly to stroke it, like she had to remind him who was supposed to be in charge of this lesson. And he was too overwhelmed by it all to make her stop long enough to tell her about it.