Hi , Raghav here. This is my first story which happened when I was studyingin my 12th and was around 18 years old. I had a friend sachin when I was in High School, I used to like spending time at his house and he was the only child of his parents. sachin native place is Kodagu. His mother would always wear Saree Kodagu style. I never looked at his mother Rani sexually until one day when sachin was at the market and I reached his house and his mother told me he will be back in a little while, she was washing clothes and was a little wet.

I sat in the living room and their bathroom was right across where she was bent over and I could see her huge ass jiggle. Since she was bending over all the time when she turned a little I could see the deep cleavage that I could peek into all the way due to her big melons. Rani was not slim but not fat either but just the right amount in the middle range with big breasts and huge ass, when she would walk her ass would shake like jelly.Something stirred in my groin and was feeling excited, I couldn't believe it! I called her Rani aunty and here I was feeling excited upon seeing her cleavage and ass, although I tried to resist looking at her but couldn't help and would still somehow find myself looking at her assets.

I started up a conversation and asked her when would sachin be back, she said soon & continued with her work. From that day I would find a way to peek at her and quite a few times I would be caught staring at her boobs or ass by her. I would find a way to go to sachin's house when she would be alone. Since sachin lived in a one bedroom apartment flat, they didn't have individual rooms of their own, after laundry she would keep all her clothes on the bed in the bedroom, I noticed her bra and panties. I had to touch it, I would usually do it either when she would be taking a nap, or she would be in the bathroom for a shower.

I started becoming more courageous and started sniffing her bra and panties thinking it is her breasts and pussy, I would be hard and then run to masturbate as soon as she would step out. She noticed this a couple of times, as time passed and my limits extended, I would kiss in and out of those panties and bra, sometimes leaving it wet with saliva.

Rani would sometimes step out in her blouse and petticoat to pick up those undergarments after shower and noticed the wet spots, she looked angrily at me but didn't say anything. I was kind of scared and wanted to stop, but my prick took over my head and I just couldn't, but I cannot deny the fact that whenever she would step out to pick up her bra and panty after shower it would be my best time as I could see her wet body under the thin blouse and petticoat I would be able to see her hard nipples, her taught fleshy thighs and her hard brown nipples. But she would run out pick up her stuff and run back inside the bathroom to put them on, and outside I would fantasize on seeing her putting those on.

Time passed by and so did my urge to fuck her. I would masturbate 5-7 times a day fantasizing about her going to her house especially when sachin wouldn't be around so I can stare at her body all I want without being caught by sachin.

One day in the afternoon I went to sachin's house and Rani told me that he had gone out for a four days to his aunty's house, I saw this as the golden opportunity and asked her if I can sit for half an hour as there is one at my house, she looked at me suspiciously but agreed I stepped in and sat in the living room right across the bathroom (my usual spot) she started working in the kitchen and then went in the bedroom, on the pretext of using the bathroom I stepped out of the living room and right before entering the bathroom I saw her folding her clothes while sitting on the floor, the pallu of her Saree was down and I could see the huge and whole cleavage, her big white breasts were being pushed out of her blouse which seemed small in comparison to her blouse which was white in color, I could see her black bra, suddenly I saw a hand pick up the pallu and put it over her shoulder to cover herself, she had seen me staring at her breasts!

I was terrified, and immediately rushed in the bathroom while she angrily stared at me. I waited for about 5 minutes and then came out and without looking at her went and sat in the living room, but while passing the bedroom I could sense that she was still looking at me. After a little while she went in the bathroom for a shower. I waited for a few minutes and went inside her bedroom and saw the white cotton bra and the black panty she had taken out I kissed her bra and sniffed her panties at the crotch and kissed it as well.

I took the pointed portion of the bra in my mouth while I sucked it, while imagining her cleavage that I had stared at a little while ago, I became so engrossed that I was rubbing my now hard cock with my right hand while I sucked at her bra in my mouth making it wet with saliva, suddenly I heard my name "Raghav" I was shocked and saw Rani at the door in her white blouse and petticoat that was wet, I was shocked and scared I dropped the bra and stared at her.

A whole bunch of thoughts just raced through my mind "what will she do? What if she tells my parents? What if she tells sachin?" Without wasting any time I started apologizing, She continued "I had a big doubt that you were doing these dirty things, you should be ashamed of yourself, you are my son's age and my sons best friend, I cannot imagine, you disgust me" I felt sorry, and continued to apologize, after a lot of convincing she agreed not to tell anyone, we sat down on the bed and started to talk, she asked why did I do such things and I told her because I liked her and that she excited me her jaw just dropped and she stared at me with her mouth open, surprisingly she asked me again "you like me?" I replied in a nod, She smiled a little and said "I know that silly boy, or else why would you do all this"

I felt relieved that she will not tell anyone anything. She then told me that she knew it because she had caught me staring at her body a lot of times and had doubt, also she told me that she had found her under garments to be wet a number of times and since it was wet at all the "right" spots she knew it was me who was doing it. I smiled and felt embarrassed, she smiled as well.

She asked me if I had seen any woman naked, I said no, but I had seen a few porn movies, she looked shocked on hearing that and said "You have grown up now" I nodded again. Since that she was not angry anymore I decided to make a bold move and asked her if I could hug her once, she denied, I pleaded again and again and she finally gave in to just one hug.

She stood up and so did I and held her in my arms, my cock just shot up in the air and stood like a true champion. I couldn't help but just pulled her towards me crushing her massive breasts in our embrace, I held her by her bare waist and squeezed it she whimpered "ummpphh" her breathing increased I squeezed her against myself again feeling her whole body against mine, her breasts her thighs I could even feel my hard cock against her belly and I am pretty sure so did she.

I moved my hand from her waist to the upper ass region and then slowly slid down to the middle and squeezed it "ohhhhhhhhhhhhh" she gasped. I was just caressing her body and feeling it against mine, I could feel her soft but big and hard breasts her breath against my chest.

I could even feel her shiver a little bit, suddenly she realized what she was doing and pushed me away "No stop, we shouldn't be doing this, I got carried away" but I could sense that it was half hearted and again pulled her towards me and this time planted a kiss on her lips and started to suck her lower lip, within seconds I had my tongue penetrate her lips and into her mouth battling her tongue, her eyes were closed and mine open. I found her slowly sucking my tongue, and then her tongue enter my mouth I immediately grasped her tongue in between my lips and started to suck it hard, she was surprised and her eyes wide open in surprise with that gesture and slowly closed them again, mmmm

She moaned as I sucked her tongue and playing it with my tongue, our saliva going back and forth exchanging places while I probed her body touching her at her back, shoulders, waist, ass, upper thighs and breasts I pulled from her kiss and started kissing her neck and around shoulders and upper chest planting a lot of kisses, "oooohhhhh maa" she moaned again. It told me that she was enjoying it, but in between she kept going back to saying, "oh no Prasanna, we should not do this, please stop, please........"

I would then kiss her on her lips and her words would muffle in her own mouth "mmmpphhffff" and as soon as I would pull away from her mouth she would let out a gasp "ohhhhhhhh". I then suddenly turned her around and held her by waist while I kissed her neck and back all the while pushing my hard cock against the crack of her ass, I then reached for her breasts and squeezed them hard "ooooo maaaaaa"

She cried "slowly" she whispered, I kept on going at her back and felt her ass and then breasts I slowly then proceeded towards her pussy and pressed it from outside trying to feel it "ohhhh" she moaned. I then turned her again facing her leading her by hand took her to bed, all the while kissing her on her lips

I then laid her down I looked at the slut that I wanted to fuck and now it was my turn and chance to have my dream becoming a reality, her massive breasts were heaving up and down with her breathing her eyes closed and mouth open I could see her nipples hard and blouse clinging to her breasts as it was wet I reached her breasts with my open mouth and tried to engulf the entire breast (as if I could) in my mouth while squeezing it. "ouuuuuuuuuchh ohhhhh maa" she cried again "go slow it hurts"

She said again in a whisper sounding like a slut, I put my entire body weight on her and started kissing her lips again while crushing her breasts I touched her everywhere, but in between she still kept on resisting a little finally when I felt her body shiver again and her breathing very fast, I looked at her with her eyes closed and mouth open her breasts falling and rising with her fast breathing she looked like a slut ready to be fucked hard.

I grabbed her blouse and ripped it open "oooohhhhh" I probably hurt her a little while ripping the thin blouse I grabbed her tits and squeezed them kneaded them kissed them bit them and abused them in every possible manner all Rani did was play with my hair while I did that encouraging me to do it more. I took the blouse off (the remaining of it) and then reached for her petticoat and took it off as well, she was completely naked, her body glistening with water, her chest rising and falling with her massive breasts with large brown nipples that were pointing to sky and hard as a gems.

I crushed her breasts again and kissed and bit them slowly I traced down with my tongue and pushed my tongue in her navel that was large and round, "uuuufffffff maaa ooohhh" she moaned I played with her navel

For a few minutes while teasing it with the tip of my tongue she pulled me up to kiss her then I went back down on her again and kissed her on her thighs and then inner thighs, I could smell her pussy and noticed that her breathing had become very hard anticipating what was coming next I kissed her at the edge of her thigh and pussy and slowly pushed my middle finger inside her wet pussy which sucked in my finger.

I started to finger fuck her with my finger, as a rhythm developed and noticed her body go up and down with sync to my finger I liked seeing her breast move up and down I increased my speed and so did her cries and moans, I then slowly pushed another finger and she liked it even better, suddenly I stopped and looked at her, she looked like a bitch in heat with her nipples pointing to the sky and legs spread breathing heavily a complete slut.

I knew she had reached a point of no return, "Why?" she asked "please put it back in" I asked her if I should stop and she shook her head in denial "I want you, I want your cock inside my pussy, I want you to fuck me, please fuck me and make me your bitch, make me your whore, come on fuck me baby fuck me hard, make me your whore, please!" she pleaded and hearing all shocked me

I couldn't believe she said all that I stood up and took my hard cock out as I stepped out of my underwear, she opened her eyes to look at my erect member "beautiful" she said and reached out to touch and then kiss my cock. Can I suck it please?" she asked and I nodded she stroked my cock a little and it felt it was ready to explode then she suddenly put the head of my cock in my mouth and sucked it, she then pulled back looked at it and then kissed it all over and then licked it with the tip of her tongue I couldn't believe it that an Indian woman could do this, (I had seen it in porn movies and thought Indian women will and can never do this, but I was wrong") she then looked at me like a slut and then at my cock closed her eyes and opened her mouth

And slowly I saw the entire length of my cock disappear in her mouth, it felt like heaven I could feel the back of her throat, while her nose touched my pubic hair and stomach. She had swallowed my whole cock!!! She then took it out, laid back on the bed and invited me with her open legs, "Come fuck me baby" she said.

I climbed in between her two legs and pointed my hard cock towards her wet and sopping pussy, she took the top of the cock and pulled it towards her pussy with the other hand she opened up her pussy lips to let the cock enter through as I entered slowly her face was pushed back while she grunted and bit her lower lip and moaned "ooohhh maaaaa"ohhhhhhh" I pushed further more slowly until my whole cock entered her "ohhhhh yeahhh come on baby, yesssss push more come inside all the way, oooooh you are so big ohhhhh" she moaned I crushed her boobs "ooooooohhhh" she cried and held me by the waist and I started slowly pulling in and out of her developing a rhythm I played with her breasts squeezed them, bit them, flicked the nipples with my tongue sometimes biting them as well slowly while Rani just had her both hands one on each buttock pulling me into her I felt like I was in heaving

My cock completely engulfed in her hot pussy, she lifted her legs more and then locked her ankles behind my waist while I slowly traced my right hand from her left knee down to her ass to the point where I could feel my cock go in and out, as my middle finger became wet, I slowly pushed it in her asshole "ooh maaaa, never done that, ooohhh feels nice, but please take it out" she said but I left it there but slowly started to push it in and out, after a couple of minutes I took it out and pushed it in her mouth, she hesitated initially but then opened up her mouth, she resisted initially then gave in sucked it a little bit and then pushed it out.

I increased my pace and concentrated on fucking her pussy only while she moaned "ufffff maa yeah fuck me....fuck me like a whore, I am your whore, come on baby faster..., come on, fuck me harddd yesss fuck me, yesssss fuck me like a bitch, come on Raghav, fuck me I am your bitch, I am your whore, I couldn't believe all the dirty words coming out of her mouth, but cannot deny that it was exciting me more and more, I started to pound her with my cock, I wanted her to scream ooohhhh....Raghav,yes ohhhh maaaa ooooooh ouuuu ohhhh ohhhh ohhh ohhhh ohhhhuhhh huhhhhh ohhh yeess fuck me she screamed as her body shivered and so did mine,

We both came at the same time, I didn't get a chance to pull out and came inside her pussy, as I fell on her she caressed my face while I was still inside her we could feel each others pounding heartbeats she kissed me and told me that she loved it that I came in her pussy she loves the spurts of cum inside her, and it had been a long time that sachin's dad touched her, as he was always busy with work. She was hungry for this, I told her that I would fuck her any time she wanted she smiled and said "why not you are my man now,

You can fuck me whenever you want, my pussy will be always ready for you to fuck." I smiled at her and she kissed me. She smiled again and said, "We have a lot to explore!" We cP