Stripped at a party

I was at a crazy Halloween costume party my friend threw at his house last October. I went as a naughty little schoolgirl wearing my sister’s school uniform that I had altered making the skirt shorter showing a lot of leg. I had thigh-high white stockings and had my white shirt tied up showing my tummy, looking like Britney Spears in that video. I have to admit I was looking hot! The party was getting pretty crazy with everyone drinking and getting wilder as the night went on. There were at least 3 other girls dressed as schoolgirls or slutty club girls with short skirts showing a lot of skin. One of them was dancing on a table like a stripper flipping her skirt up flashing her bright green neon g-string knickers to the horny guys and girls who were cheering her on. Some of the more drunk friends I was with started flashing their own knickers, and bras, and flipping some of the other girls skirts up whether they liked it or not. After a while some girls were even lifting their shirts up flashing their tits at the guys who were going wild. Things were getting out of control so I decided to move back to safer ground and avoid being targeted myself. I stood back just watching them all when 2 of my friends grabbed me from behind flipping my skirt up and pulling my knickers up my butt wedgie style yelling for everyone to check out my butt. They were totally drunk and out of control. Annoyed now, I swatting their hands away and dodged through the crowd and out the back door trying to get away, but the more I tried to evade them the more they pursued me laughing and taunting me. When they did finally catch me in the back yard they pinned me down and with the help of a few others gang stripped me, pulling my skirt off, removing my blouse, then even my knickers and bra, and scattered them in different directions all over the yard. So there I am on the ground in the backyard in just my knee high socks stripped naked trying to cover myself up. I got up and tried to get my clothes back, but every time I tried to get a piece of clothing back someone would snatch it away and toss it across the yard, or to someone else, forcing me to chase my clothes around naked in front of everyone. Someone whipped my knickers up into a tree, and my skirt got tossed around over my head to nearly everyone. Everyone was having a grand old time watching me jump around naked desperately grabbing at my clothes. After about 10 minutes of this one of the real drunk girls inside voluntarily got totally naked so everyone’s attention shifted to her. My girlfriend Lisa helped me get all my clothes back, and even retrieved my knickers from the tree for me. Luckily there was so many other things that happened that night that me getting stripped naked wasn’t even a big deal the next day. Most people were either so drunk they remebered very little, or just remember a lot of different people getting naked so my incident was only minor in comparison. It was the last time I dressed in a real skimpy outfit for a costume party though. 

