Watson lifted his cane and rushed inside, Lestrade immediately behind him. It was lucky, he supposed, that their attackers seemed just as surprised as they were to have company. He stepped over his friend's unconscious form and caught his attacker in the sternum with the end of his cane before he could even react; Lestrade brushed past him and out of his line of sight, revolver in hand.

A second man rushed at him before he could get a good handle on the situation. For a moment he was lost, his military reflexes taking over. He watched, detached, as the second man's head shattered the window and he slumped in the frame, unconscious or dead. Watson spun around and took in the room.

There were three more still standing. Lestrade was cornered by two in the far corner; another man lay prone at his feet, blood flowing freely from the back of his head. The third was eying Watson, revolver drawn.

"Drop it," he growled, and Watson realized with a shock of amusement that an armed gunman was telling him to drop his cane. A shot rang out from the far corner, and he turned, heart in his throat.

Lestrade had fired on one of his attackers. The other dived at him, gripping the gun in his hand. Watson darted forward, heart still pounding madly, but fell to his knees as the man who'd been watching him grasped him and wrenched his cane out of his hands. He tried desperately to keep an eye on Lestrade as the other man was forced to the ground, but a sharp pain erupted in his skull and he knew no more.

-----

The throbbing in the back of his head was the first thing he noticed upon waking; the cold metal around his wrists was the second. He was on the floor, seated against a wall, his head lolled against his chest. The smell of mildew stung his nostrils. Cautiously, he opened one eye and looked around.

It looked like a cellar, though very poorly kept. A candle burned near the door, but the room was small enough that it was illuminated in it's entirety. The floor was damp enough to wet the seat of his pants, and dark patches of mold grew in the corners. He rolled his head to the other side carefully, wincing. Lestrade sat next to him on this side. His eyes were wide, breathing barely controlled.

"Where are we?" Watson whispered.

"Still in the museum," he muttered.

"Where is Holmes?" a sick feeling of fear was forming in his gut.

Lestrade swallowed and looked away. "He's still up there. After they knocked you out, I had all three of them on me, you see, I tried to stop them, but -"

"Lestrade," Watson interrupted him. Panic was growing in him at every word Lestrade said, the implications of what they might have lured Holmes here for. He fought it down, trying to think rationally. "There's nothing you could have done." Watson braced his cuffed wrists on the ground in front of him and rose unsteadily to his feet. He turned and offered a hand to Lestrade who took it, wide-eyed.

"I've tried the door, it won't budge," he said as Watson pulled him to his feet.

"Together, then." It was an old wooden door, ill-fitting in it's frame. Only the lock was new; determined, he ran his hands over the door, trying to find where the wood might be weakest.

"Wait," Lestrade put a hand on his arm to stop him. A flash of anger tore through him; he shook him off violently and glared.

"No," he hissed. "What do you think they're doing to him up there? He could be dead already!" Lestrade lifted his cuffed wrists and twisted them. Watson exhaled deeply. He was right of course. They could hardly overtake Holmes' captors with their hands bound.

"Lock picks?" Lestrade asked.

Watson sighed. "Holmes carries them," he said finally. He cast around the room desperately, but he could see nothing that would help. Lestrade set about tearing through the small cabinets that sat against the far wall. Watson's mind whirled; what would Holmes do, if he were here? He rattled his cuffs as he looked, sliding them up and down his wrists, and that was when it hit him that they fit rather loosely. Almost as if....

He looked down. "Lestrade," he said slowly.

"What?" Lestrade looked up from where he'd been frantically searching a cupboard.

"I need you to help me with something."

"What is it?" Lestrade snapped. Frustrated, he threw a jar to the floor. The sound of the glass shattering echoed in the small room and he winced. Lestrade drew a deep, shaky breath, awkwardly passing his bound hands through his hair. "Sorry. I'm just -" he broke off and closed his eyes, fighting for composure.

"It's alright," Watson said in the most soothing voice he could muster. "Besides, this should cheer you up. I need you to dislocate my thumbs."

-----

Pain was shooting through his hands, up his arms, overtaking his senses for a moment as he thrashed desperately, firm hands holding him in place. He whimpered, teeth grinding into the leather of his belt when he finally, finally heard the clang of the metal cuffs hitting the floor. At first he was so disoriented all he could do was look up at Lestrade, who was staring at him as though he couldn't believe what he'd just done; mouth open, face chalk-white. Blinking, he carefully guided Lestrade's hands to press the right joint back into his socket and helped with the left. He spat the belt out, and ran his tongue around in his mouth, trying to dislodge the taste of dirt and his own sweat where it had poured down his face. He spat again for good measure and gasped.

"Wrap," he panted.

"What?" Lestrade knelt in front of him, watching his face closely. Watson nodded at his hands.

Forcing himself to take a deep breath, he said, "Wrap the joint. I should still have some range of movement with it, though." Lestrade quickly tore small strips from the bottom of his shirt and Watson guided him to wrap it around the joint and palm. When done, he shifted his thumb experimentally and winced.

"It'll do," he said. Lestrade looked down at his own cuffs, lips shaking, then squared his shoulders, determined.

"This should be enough," Watson said gently. He stood shakily; Lestrade moved to grip one of his elbows and helped steady him as he walked to the door. He leaned forward and pressed his ear to it, straining to catch any sound at all. The area beyond was silent. He turned to Lestrade. "Help me."

They threw their weight against the door repeatedly. Finally, it cracked down the center and in two more blows they were tumbling to the ground outside it. Watson looked around. They were sprawled at the bottom of a steep staircase that ended at a trapdoor; light was flowing through the slats. Wordlessly they pulled each other to their feet and ran.

The trapdoor wasn't locked. They burst through it, surprise overtaking them for a moment as they sprawled on what looked like a kitchen floor. Watson blinked and rubbed his eyes against the sudden flood of light. Sunlight streamed through the window; a thrill of fear shot through him as h realized it was nearing evening. He had been unconscious most of the day. They'd had so much time, what could they have done?

A hand tugged at his elbow. He turned to Lestrade. His face was grim but determined. "Take the west wing," Lestrade murmured. "I'll take the east. I'll come and find you if I find anything strange and you'll do the same. Understood?" Watson could only nod, then Lestrade was off.

He tried to be quiet, at first. After the first few rooms were empty, however, he stopped listening carefully at each one and after half of them, he was simply throwing open doors frantically, fear gripping his heart and urging him on faster even as his hope dwindled. Finally, he opened the door of the last room.

Empty.

He sank to his knees in the doorway. No. Holmes had to be here, he had to, otherwise it meant...

He shook his head. No. He buried his face in his hands.

Footsteps were approaching rapidly behind him. He leapt to his feet and spun around just in time to see Lestrade skid around the corner awkwardly. "There's a man guarding a door down there," Lestrade whispered. They ran back, gradually slowing until Lestrade was leading them tiptoeing to a hallway. Watson peered around the corner.

A man stood with his back to them, arms crossed, clearly bored. It only took an instant for Watson to creep forward and clap a hand over his mouth, gripping him tightly by the throat with his other. He spun them around and Lestrade caught him around the head with his cuffs; the man slumped in his arms, unconscious. Watson dragged him around the corner and riffled through his pockets.

"No keys," he whispered. He held up a revolver; Lestrade took it wordlessly and together they crept toward the door. Watson situated himself in front, hand on the knob and Lestrade stood slightly behind him, gun ready. Lestrade nodded once and he threw the door open and took a step inside. They both stopped instantly.

The room was dark, the windows covered by thick draperies. Holmes knelt on the ground in the center of the room, a candle flickering next to him. He'd been stripped of his shirt, Watson noted. There were large, oddly colored lumps on his arms and what looked like cigarette burns littered his chest. Blood was caked in his hair, running down his bruised face. Still, even bloody, with his arms tied behind his back and a gag forced between his lips, he managed to look regal; his knees planted firmly, back taunt and erect, leveling a look of quiet contempt in their direction. The instant they stepped into the light, however, his eyes widened and his features twisted in disbelief and pain. He hunched over forward and ducked his head, looking so heart-wrenchingly broken that Watson could do little else but fall to his knees before him and encourage him to rest his head on his shoulder. Lestrade knelt behind him and clumsily worked at the ties on his wrists and gag. The instant his hands were free Holmes pressed them to his abdomen and did his best to curl around them protectively.

"It's alright," Watson whispered. Holmes whimpered and pressed closer, as though he could crawl inside of him. Fresh blood spilled down his arm, and Watson felt bile rise in the back of his throat when he realized the lumps were bandages, so thick with blood and gore that they were unrecognizable already. The bastards had intended to take their time, and were probably going to come back for more, too. He clenched his fists and closed his eyes. Breathe. He opened his eyes and tried to focus. Breathe. With effort, he pushed his rage to the back of his mind. He leaned closer, murmuring soothing words and gently grasped Holmes' forearm. Holmes started, but let Watson draw one of his hands away slightly and tilted his head to look between their bodies at it.

His wrists were too swollen for cuffs to fit around, he realized. Tears stung his eyes as he carefully turned his friend's hand over to examine it. His hands had always been works of art: long, thin digits which coaxed beautiful tunes from his violin, could deftly work through knots and locks alike, and possessed an iron firm grip when required. Now, his pointer finger and thumb stuck out at odd angles, as though they'd been snapped and bent back, and a large purple bruise was already spreading over the other three knuckles. The palm looked deflated, as though it had been crushed under a heel or by a hammer - the would never be the same, Watson realized. As though reading his thoughts, Holmes shifted his head slightly to press his face to Watson's neck. The moisture he felt there snapped him back to reality. Blood rushing in his ears, Watson gently eased Holmes' head from his shoulder and stood. Lestrade shifted in front of Holmes and reached out to touch his shoulder, but wavered uncertainly, fingers curling. Watson couldn't blame him; there didn't seem to be an inch of the man not covered in blood. Finally, he shifted into the same position Watson had just been in, allowing Holmes to press his face to his shoulder.

Watson walked over to the window and pushed the drape aside slowly. There were no carriages out front, but there were no guarantees as to when they'd be back to finish them off.

"We have to go. Holmes, how long ago did they leave?"

"They said you were both dead," came the soft reply. "They said," he took a deep breath, "They said they did you first. They went on and on about how you screamed -" his voice broke. Watson but his lip as emotion threatened to overcome him once more; he squeezed his eyes shut and pressed his palms against them. Breathe.

"We're right here," Lestrade said firmly. Suddenly the window was too far away; he crossed to them and gently rested his hands on Holmes' shoulders. Holmes continued to draw deep, unsteady breaths.

"We have to go," he repeated. "They could be back any minute. Can you stand?"

Holmes rose, shaking like a newborn colt. Watson wrapped an arm firmly around his torso and Lestrade struggled with the window for a moment when his cuffs snagged, then they were outside, hobbling across the lawn as fast as they could go, trying to find shelter.