A Night Out by April (Aprilfirez@yahoo.com)

***

A married woman gets a little drunk and horny on her birthday, and a stranger gets a pleasant surprise when he feels a hand on his ass. (MF, affair, strangers)

***
I read a story  titled Sex Without Names by Anonymous (address withheld). 
http://www.asstr.org/~Kristen/64/sexwithoutnames.txt
It was a story written from a mans point of view, and after reading it I was inspired to write basically the same story from my point of view, or what I had imagined while reading his story.

*** 

Its rare that it ever happens but for my birthday my husband, Jake took me out dancing. I love to dance. Going out to a night club to dance and hear the latest music is a great way to spend a Friday night.
The dance floor was packed with guys and girls just doing their own thing. My husband doesnt like to dance so as soon as we got there we found a table not to far from the dance floor; he sat down and said he would order our drinks. I didnt waste any time and found my way out onto the dance floor. I danced through four songs with various guys and girls who were happy to share the floor with me. 
The forth dance got a little hot when a very attractive couple moved up close to dance with me, bumping and rubbing our bodies together as we danced. I did kind of feel a nervous guilt about it and looked up for my husband but he seemed to be talking to the people sitting at the table next to ours. So I just kept dancing, and let them press their bodies to mine. Other then feeling a little guilty about it, I did enjoy dancing with them and feeling their bodies and hands all over me. 
By the time that song ended, I was feeling a little hot and really needed a drink. As I turned to leave the dance floor, Im not sure which one it was but one of them put there hand under my skirt and pinched my ass. I jumped a little but was to nervous to look back and just kept walking to where my husband was sitting. 
Jake had gotten himself a pitcher of beer and me a long island ice tea with ice in it. And when I got to the table I was breathing hard and I was hot, in more ways then one, so I drank down my drink much faster then I should have. 
I sat down a while trying to hear what my husband and the people next to us were talking about but because of how loud it was I only caught a word here and there. And it didnt take me long before I was bored again and wanted to dance some more. When I stood up I got real dizzy, I grabbed the table until I was able to control it, knowing it was from the alcohol in the ice tea. I turned to Jake, leaning into him for a kiss and to let him know I was going to head back to the dance floor for a while. 
Jake wrapped his arms around me pulling me tight to him and kissed me. Then with out warning he lifted me a little, dropped his hands to my butt, and as if he was showing me off the people next to us he lifted my skirt, exposing my g-string and squeezed my ass. 
I was a little embarrassed and taken back by it, Jake is usually the jealous type, and I didnt think he had drank enough yet to loosen himself up that much. It made me wonder what he had been talking about with the other people, or if he did see that last dance where the couple was rubbing all over me, and it just turned him on. Either way I very much got a thrill from it and was soon on the dance floor again with a new excited jolt of energy. 
I danced and danced and danced, only to take a break once and a while to drink what ever my husband ordered for me. I danced a few more times with that couple and we got even more daring as the night went on. I had sort of wondered if we might get kicked out because of how dirty our dirty dancing was turning into. But other then a passing smile or thumbs up gesture, nothing seemed to invade our dancing. 
At one point we were sandwiched together with me in the middle, my legs spread around him as he made movements like dry humping, and then as I leaned back into her, her hands found there way under my blouse to my bra covered breast. I looked up to Jake and this time he was watching us, but by this time I had drank enough and gotten so turned on and hot that I wasnt even thinking about him being jealous. Instead I just looked into his eyes as he watched us dance, and I just let them do what they wanted during the dance. 
A short time later while still on the dance floor I met up with one of my friends. Amanda was an old friend I knew since grade school. She saw me with the other couple and had a few flirty things to say about it. As the night went on I spent more time dancing with my friend then I did with the couple, and they sort of went off on there own anyway. 
Amanda told me she saw the couple head into the mens room together at one point. This didnt help me any thinking about the things they were doing in there, and sort of fantasizing at the same time about what might have happened if I had gone with them. 
As the night went on I got more and more turned on but at the same time I was getting a little wore out also and spent more time at the table with my husband. And I couldnt help but flirt with him and the people that he was talking to. I couldnt hear everything that was said, but then by that time I was drunk and didnt really care that much. I was just turned on to a point that was almost mind blowing. 
I told Jake about my ass getting grabbed and pinched several times while dancing and how I enjoyed the groping that had happened to me while on the dance floor. I would have never said any of these things if I had been sober, fearing it would heat up Jakes jealous side. But after all the flirting and him showing my ass off to the people at the table next to him I didnt even think about it. 
At one point, remembering what Amanda had said bout the other couple going to the mens room together, I asked Jake to take me there, but he refused. I told him that I was so hot that I needed him right now. He just said he wanted to finish his pitcher and wasnt ready to leave yet. Thats when I felt someone pinch my ass again real hard, but the club was so crowded that by the time I turned around I couldnt tell who did it. I turned back to my husband and told him and he said he knew who did it. And as he pointed the guy out to me he said I should go pinch his ass. 
All I could see was his back side as he was walking away toward the bar. And as I looked, I felt a hand move under my skirt to my ass and begin rubbing. I thought it was Jake but when I turned back around to him it turned out to be one of the guys at the table next to us. All I heard him say, speaking to Jake was that he was right, nice and tight. I couldnt believe my ears as I looked to Jake, only seeing a big smile on his face. 
Thats when the DJ called out last call. Knowing the club wouldnt be open much longer I decided to just ignore Jakes change in behavior and get some more dancing in and maybe burn off some of this pent up horniness I was feeling. 
I met up with my friend again and as we danced I told her about what happened. She dared me then to go and pinch that guys ass like Jake had told me to do, and hinted that if Jake wasnt going to take care of me, that other guy might be willing. I laughed off what she said, but in the back of my mind it was still there. 
The last dance song ended and the DJ put on one of those patriotic slow songs that they always play as one of the last songs of the night to get the place to clear out. My friend and I then went to the bathroom. While in there, she again brought up the guy that pinched me while I had been standing right in front of my husband, and again dared me to do the same back to him before he left the club. 
As I stepped out of the bathroom there was the guy walking toward the exit and with out a thought I ran up behind him through the people and pinched his ass. I meant to just turn around and act like nothing happened but the guy was fast and in a blink of an eye he grabbed my wrist. I tried to pull away but he was stronger then I was and held tight, dragging me to the back of the club where it wasnt as crowded and he wheeled around facing me still holding my wrist painfully tight. 
I was so surprised; I realized it wasnt the same guy that Jake pointed out to me. In a stern strong scolding sort of voice he asked So can I pinch you too? I tried to look for Jake but from where this guy had dragged me I couldnt see much and knew not many could see us. 
He squeezed my wrist tighter wanting an answer and all I could think of saying was I dont think so. He then said that wasnt fair, since I had pinched him. I didnt know what to do, I knew this wasnt the guy that grabbed my ass and I really felt guilty. Feeling so guilty and not knowing what else to do I just nodded. 
He reached around behind me with his other arm and I expected to get a pinch that was so hard it would leave a dark bruise that would last more then a week. But as he reached around me I felt his hand under my skirt and he took a hold of a whole cheek and squeezed it gently, and massaged me with his fingers. 
I was surprised and shocked at the same time but what he was doing actually felt good. With out thinking I said thats not a pinch. He didnt seem to care and just kept doing it. He pulled at my g-string and I felt the tip of one of his fingers tickle my rosebud, sending electric tingles through my entire body. 
I started to feel a little light headed and I dont think I would have done this if I had been sober, but what he was doing felt really good and I was still in a state beyond horny. I stood up on my tippy toes to get closer to his ear and whispered to him asking him if he might want to find a more private place. He just looked down at me with a big smile, still holding my wrist, he lead me out the back door of the club. 
He took me to his car and as I looked at the old beat up whale of a car I briefly wondered to myself what I was doing here. He unlocked the door and with just a slight pause I got inside. I gave him directions as he drove, leading him to a spot that was a couple miles from my house, but still very secluded. It was a spot out in the country, no that one ever came out to at night, not even the police. 
After a couple of dirt roads we arrived at the there. I had walked here several times since Jake and I first moved here and always thought this was a really romantic place. It was beautiful. The car was framed by several fir trees, through the boughs we could see a small pond, shimmering in the moonlight. I had always wanted to come here with Jake but he never had the time or was never into it. 
The guy was quiet as he turned off the ignition and as he turned to face me, I was feeling a little guilty he wasnt Jake, so I didnt want him to say anything, so before he had a chance to open his mouth I just attack him head on, wrapping my arms around him and kissing him. 
We sat and kissed for a few minutes, the heat building in both of us; I let his tongue penetrate my lips and then did the same to him. Our hands didnt stay idle for long either. His hands found my ass again, lifting my skirt and with a cheek in each hand, he was again gently squeezing and massaging me. 
My hands were on his strong chest trying to undo the buttons of his shirt so I could feel his skin. Once I got his shirt off he helped me with mine, I hugged him tightly pressing my chest to his. It took him a bit but with a little effort he managed to undo my bra, and he broke my hug to pull it off of me completely. But the second he had it off of me I pressed my body to his again hugging him tight, feeling his heat. 
We kissed some more and then he moved around and started to kiss my neck and then back to my ear, nibbling on my ear. His window was open and the air was cool and damp, I shivered as a slight refreshing breeze caressed my naked skin. He then stuck his tongue in my ear which was sort of a shock, making me take a quick deep breath and dig my finger nails into his skin. 
He kept nibbling on my ear, but managed to work his hands between us and play with my breast. His hands were strong and rough, but felt good as they moved over my chest. I have very sensitive nipples and love to have them pinched and pulled on, but he seemed to want to tease me. I couldnt take much more I wanted him to touch my nipples, to pinch them, to pull on them. They had gotten so hard they hurt, I wiggled and squirmed trying to move enough so he would touch my nipples. When he finely did, it felt like electricity flowing through them. I nearly screamed when he pinched both at the same time really hard, I bit my lip to control myself, and enjoyed every second of it. 
I was so hot and on fire, any sense of reality seemed to have been lost. I dug my fingers into his skin and while I pressed my pussy against his knee, moving back and forth. I heard a cricket chirp outside and then I was gone, my body erupted from with in, my orgasm taking me completely. 
When my senses returned and I was able to catch my breath, I pushed back on him and got on top of him. He slid down under me so I was lying on top of him and we began kissing again, this time with much more passion and heat.
His hands were all over me. I felt his hands slid down my back and under the waist band of my skirt, pushing it down as he went. He undid the button and zipper that held it up and as he pushed down I helped by wiggling until my skirt was low enough for me just to kick it to the floor, the entire time our lips pressed to each others. He reached back up them grabbing the back of my g-string and pulled hard, I felt the string as it dug into my skin and cut through my pussy. I was about to scream when the string snapped and he roughly pulled them from me. 
He then pushed me over and moved us so he was now on top of me, I was now completely naked and at his mercy. He laid down letting all of his weight rest on top of me. Then he began kissing me again, moving from my mouth to my neck, then my chest. 
He took his time sucking on each nipple over and over again. He would let his tongue dance across one nipple trailing it to the other then sucking it between his lips hard almost engulfing my entire breast, and gently sink his teeth into my skin. I just closed my eyes enjoying the wonderful sensations. 
After a bit he let up and continued kissing me moving even farther down, across my belly, I felt his tongue lick just under my belly button then his hands gripped my thighs and pushed them farther apart. I felt his hot breath tickle my skin as he lowered his mouth to my pussy. His fingers spread my lips, and as if to test the flavor he flicked his tongue out to my clit, which released an uncontrolled moan from my throat. 
He must have liked how I tasted because he spread my pussy even wider and pressed his open mouth completely over my pussy. Taking a deep breath, I opened my eyes and was looking up through the window; I could see the beautiful night sky with its infinite supply of stars. Again reality was gone to me. 
I knew I should have been feeling guilty that this wasnt my husband, but as I thought that, I also thought how good this was feeling. And the fact that my husband, Jake would never do this for me, no matter what I did, shave, perfume, douche, whip cream, honey, chocolate syrup, even on my hands and knees begging, he would never do this for me. I couldnt help it, it just felt so good. His lips would fasten to my clit as he sucked it in hard, letting his teeth lightly graze, with his tongue flicking it. 
I had to concentrate hard just to keep breathing, and then he wiggled two fingers between my lips and inside me. As he sucked, licked, and nibbled he would wiggle those fingers in and out of me this way and that way, pushing deeper and faster with each thrust. Again I lost it; it was so intense, feeling his fingers inside me, my body clenched up almost doubling over. 
I was worried he would stop, thinking I was in pain, but with lost breath, I screamed at him, dont stop, oh yes! more! faster! Harder! 
Then I froze... I was about to call out Jakes name, but this wasnt my husband; I tried to think of his name but then realized I didnt know it or who he was at all. But as my orgasm hit me I just let it all go and lost all thought of anything other then the ecstasy exploding from with in me. 
I felt on fire, full of electricity and energy, I was ready for more, I didnt know his name or who he was but I did know I wanted more of him, I wanted all if him. 
I pushed him off of me rolling over again so I was on top of him and immediately proceeded to remove his pants and underwear. 
His penis was beautiful, it was uncircumcised, thick long and rock-hard, veins expanding from its entire length, when I pulled back on the skin, the head popped out and was a dark purple mushroom much wider then his shaft. I didnt waste a second and immediately sucked it deep into my mouth, taking it as deep at I could doing my best to try and swallow it with out gagging. 
I wanted to taste his cum. As I sucked I could feel him get even thicker, and I could feel his pulse every time I sucked it in deep and tightened my lips around its base. Then just as I thought I could feel him about to cum he actually pulled my hair, pulling my lips off his shaft. 
I was in a state of madness and extreme horniness. He said something to me but my ears were ringing and I didnt completely understand him. 
The next thing I knew, he was sitting up and had me straddling his lap. As soon as I felt the tip of his thick penis touch my pussy, I lowered myself on it. I meant to just sit down right away, taking him all the way into me, but he was thick and just trying to get that fat purple mushroom of a head in me hurt. I knew I was more then wet enough, but I swear the head on his penis must have been close to the size of a tennis ball. 
His hands were on my hips pushing me down and as I let out a long breath I let all my weight rest on his cock. I felt my pussy lips stretched tight and then he was inside me sliding deep all the way to my cervix. It hurt but also felt so insanely wonderful at the same time. 
I moved up and down with his shaft supporting me from inside, sort of controlling just how I was able to move. I have never felt so stretched, so completely filled. Im not one that usually has an orgasm from penetration alone, but I swear this time just after a few strokes of feeling this mans organ inside me I was gone. 
My orgasm had been so intense I nearly passed out. When I came to my senses I was a little surprised to find myself half bent over facing away from him, laid out on the seat in front of him. I felt his hands on my ass and for a brief second I thought he was going to try and get that mushroom into my ass. But as his fingers dug into my cheeks spreading me wide I felt the heat from that magnificent cock press against my pussy and slip inside me from behind. 
I herd him grunt and with a one fast forceful push he was completely inside me, again pressing that bulbous head of his cock hard against my cervix, pushing me flat against the seat and taking my breath away. He held me there like that for a moment and then pulled completely out extremely slow. He let the tip of his penis rest on my engorged lips, and I could feel a slight vibration between us where his skin touched mine. 
With out any warning he slammed into me again as deep as my body would allow him. My body and pussy reacted to this sudden deep penetration, by clamping down tight, and another orgasm began to build from deep inside me. 
He took a few more excruciating slow strokes in and out of me, and with each stroke I could feel my pussy cramping tighter and tighter around his thick shaft. As he continued fucking me his stokes got faster and faster, driving harder and harder into me. As he continued, he was slamming into me so hard and so fast that it made it difficult for me to get any air into my lungs. 
I was to the point I thought I might pass out and I tried to pull myself up to get some air into my lungs but I was pinned under his strong body. It was at that moment, I felt his shaft suddenly expand inside me even more and I heard him start to grunt. And with all his strength he slammed one last time all the way into me as his cock erupted. 
He came with so much force and heat; I could feel his cum wash over my cervix and into my womb. It sent me over the top. Lightning and fireworks in ever imaginable color exploded from my pussy and out into every tiny nerve of body. 
When my body finely relaxed and I came to my senses, the world was still slowly spinning around me. I could feel his entire weight on top of me. 
He had fucked me so hard and then orgasmed so intense that he had passed out with his hard cock still deep inside me. As I laid there trying to catch my breath I could feel his penis inside me pulse, start to shrink, and then I realized that he had cum with so much volume that as his penis shrunk more it was starting to leak out of me, down over my clit and across my skin to the point I could feel a puddle forming where my belly touched the seat under us. 
I think it was only a minute or two, but as I laid there waiting for him to recover, a twinge of guilt and worry went trough my mind. I had just cheated on my husband with a man that I didnt even know his name, and I let him cum inside me when I knew I wasnt on any birth-control. And from the amount of cum I felt leaking out of me I doubt this guy had sex or even masturbated in the last year. 
When he finely came too, we both got dressed and I had him drive me and drop me a little ways from my house.  I didnt want to tell him I was married so, I told him that I didnt want my parents to see me getting out of his car this late at night. 
When I got home I was relieved I didnt have to come up with an explanation right away to tell Jake. He was passed out half undressed with his pant around his knees, his penis in full view, and laying half off the bed. After making sure he was alright I went to the bathroom to clean up.  
There was a note taped to the mirror. It was a note from Amanda explaining how Jake got home and telling me not to worry about anything. She wrote that she saw me leave the club with that other man, and Jake had been so drunk he thought she was me. She wound up driving him home, and confessed to undressing him, but then said he passed out before she could have any fun.
I was so relieved after reading the note I wasnt mad at all about her wanting to have some fun with my husband. In fact the thought sort of put an idea in my head of what I could do for Jakes next birthday.
I folded up the note, along with my torn panties, and hid them in the bottom drawer of the bathroom vanity where I kept all my feminine hygiene products.
When I got back to our room, I helped Jake get out of the rest of his cloths, and all the way into bed. I laid down next to him still feeling guilty. But when Jake wrapped his arm around me grabbing my chest, pulling me tight to him, and then feeling his hard cock press up against my naked ass, I decided right then and there that I would give Jake what he had asked for since our wedding night. I finely decided out of love, guilt and maybe a little self punishment, to let Jake finely fuck my virgin ass. I knew, with out a doubt it would hurt, but I would never say no to my husband again.
THE END, that is, until next time.
