Twenty Questions
by Icecubez©


Gemma took a sharp intake of breath as she tried to concentrate on the question 
she was being asked. She knew she had to get it right. The consequence of 
getting it wrong was too much to contemplate.

As she stood there willing her mind to concentrate on the moment in hand she 
couldn't help reflecting on the chain of events that saw her standing on a stage 
with a spotlight shining down on her. Showing her every curve, her full breasts, 
her long tanned legs. All encased in a short tight halter neck dress but maybe 
only for the moment longer. As one more wrong answer and the dress would go.

The evening had started the same as any other Friday night. Gemma and her flat 
mates Jodie and Kat had had their traditional argument over who got the bathroom 
first. Followed by the follow up one about who had used all of the hot water. 
Rounded off by the scrum for the best mirror in the flat for putting make up on.

Once they were finished they had a bottle of wine and set off out. Each of them 
dressed, as sexily as there student budgets would allow. Each of them looking 
for a man to satisfy their needs. 

They headed toward Tony's Place. Tony's is a bar that welcomed students with 
tight budgets. They often had promotions on that encouraged students to 
participate in the nights entertainment in exchange for cash or free drinks.

As they approached the entrance to the bar they saw a notice. The student 
newspaper was sponsoring that night's entertainment. At 10pm there was to be a 
competition. The first prize was £1500 cash for the winners. Details would be 
announced on stage at 10pm. To enter you had to have a team of three people and 
they must be the same gender.

The girls looked at each other and nodded. The money would be great. What could 
they possibly have to do to get the money? The girls weren't sure but all agreed 
that between them they should be able to do it.

They went in and signed up. The wait for 10pm started. Now as Gemma stood on the stage, her mouth dry, beads of sweat running down her face, every face in the 
whole bar watching her with there phones pointed at her ready to capture the 
moment for posterity she wished they had never signed up. 

The wait for 10pm was quite uneventful. The girls drank cheap wine and looked 
around. The sign in table was the most popular table in the whole place. Gemma 
spotted a photographer friend of hers so she headed in his direction.

Before she could get to him to interrogate him about what he knew about 
tonight's proceedings he disappeared. It was then that she spotted Gavin. All of 
a sudden she felt nervous.

She had humiliated Gavin a few weeks ago and as he was standing in the bar in a 
tuxedo she guessed that he was hosting tonight. That would have to be the worst 
stroke of luck going. She needed this money. 

Gemma took a deep breath and headed in his direction. All thoughts of friends 
and flat mates forgotten, she had to make sure things were right with him. She 
wanted to win what ever the competition was and she didn't want anyone to try to 
ruin it.

As she got near he saw her and turned in her direction. He smiled at her.

"Hi. You look nice tonight." Gemma mumbled

"Thanks. You scrub up quite nicely yourself." He replied

"Listen. About the other week, I'm sorry." She continued

"That's fine. A bet is a bet." He grinned.

"So, were cool?" She asked

"Sure. I've got to go. You have entered haven't you?" He asked holding his 
breath

"Couldn't resist." She replied

"Good." He said looking very relieved. 

He turned and walked away before Gemma could say anything else.

About ten minutes later the bar went quiet as over the PA system a clock struck ten.

Gavin appeared on stage. A single spot light lit him up. The rest of the stage 
was in darkness. Still there wasn't a clue as to what the competition was about.

"Tonight. One lucky group of friends could walk away from this bar with £1500 
cash." Gavin announced.

"We have put all of the names of the people who have signed up for tonight into 
our giant tombola. I will pick the lucky group out and they will be the ones to 
play for the prize. Everyone else. Better hope they loose because once the money 
is gone the game is over. Until it is won the game goes on." Gavin continued.

There was a buzz running through the bar as Gavin reached in to pull the names 
of the first contestants out. Gemma's stomach clenched as the piece of paper 
came out. She almost didn't register as Gavin called out her name followed by 
Jodie and Kats.

The girls headed toward the stage eager to find out what they had to do to win 
the money. Gavin stood on the stage with a big smile on his face waiting 
patiently for them to join him.

A second spotlight hit the stage. It illuminated a bar. The bar looked like the 
desk that contestants on Family Fortunes stand behind. Gavin ushered the three 
girls to it and got them to stand just in front of it.

"Ok ladies. This is very simple. All you have to do is answer some questions. If 
you answer the last question correctly then you win the cash. Ok?" Gavin asked

The three girls looked at each other and grinned. They could smell the money. 
They all answered "Yes." In unison.

"But and here's the fun part. If you answer incorrectly then you must take off 
an article of clothing and put it into the basket behind you. If you run out of 
clothing before you make the last question then I'm sorry but you loose." Gavin 
continued.

All of a sudden there was a hushed silence in the bar. It was as if all the guys 
in the bar were saying a silent prayer to God that these girls would loose. It 
even looked as some of the girls were wishing the same thing.

Gemma, Jodie and Kat looked at each other. All of them were nervous.

"How many questions?" Jodie asked

"Twenty." Gavin replied.

The girls started counting. Each was wearing a dress, high heals and underwear. 
By a quick calculation they could afford a couple of wrong answers before they 
were in trouble and it was for £1500.

"You need to pick a person to answer the questions. The other two will remain 
where they are. A wrong answer means you all remove an article of clothing. You 
must all remove the same item and it must be done here on stage. Shoes count. 
There is no conferring. The person who is answering the questions picks the item 
of clothing to be removed. Any questions?" Gavin said.

The three girls pushed Gemma forward. Jodie and Kat were happy to stand back and let the spotlight focus on Gemma.

Gemma managed to answer the first five questions easily. She started grinning. 
The girls copied mentally beginning to spend their share of the £1500.

Then she stumbled on question six. How many times does the letter s appear in 
the word Mississippi?

The crowd hushed in anticipation in seeing something removed. Gemma didn't 
disappoint. Without being prompted she removed her heels. The girls followed 
suit.

Question seven and eight were ok. Then question nine threw her. David Beckham 
plays in which football league?

The crowd again hushed in anticipation. Even the bar staff stopped serving. 
Gemma froze. She only had her underwear and her dress on. She didn't want to 
stand in her underwear in front of all these people. Then an idea struck her.

She bent down. The crowd cheered as they were treated to a look down the top of 
her dress. Jodie and Kat paused, confused not sure what was going on. Neither of 
them wanting to show their underwear to a whole bar of people, especially when 
some were pointing their phones at them, recording the moment of there 
embarrassment to share with there friends later. 

Gemma hooked her panties with her finger and pulled them down. She stepped out 
of them and then playfully threw them to Gavin. Jodie and Kat looked relived and 
copied her. Both saying silent prayers that this would be the last question that 
Gemma got wrong.

There luck was out. Gemma got question eleven. On a computer what does RAM stand for wrong as well.

The tension in the bar was palpable. Everyone knew that the girls had no panties 
on. If they removed there dresses then they were guaranteed to at least see 
something. Gemma realised this to. She silently gave thanks for choosing a 
halter neck dress that night. This meant that she had a strapless bra on. So she 
reached behind her and released her bra. She then threw this at Gavin, glaring 
at him at the same time.

Jodie also had a halter neck dress on so she was able to follow suit. Kat 
however didn't. She was petrified. She couldn't remove her bra without taking 
the top part of her dress off first. She paused. Both Gemma and Jodie looked at 
her. Willing her to do it.

Gavin grew impatient and just as her was about to hurry her along Kat began to 
unzip her dress. The crowd began to cheer as the dress lowered and her bra came 
into sight. She reached behind and released it. Letting it fall directly in 
front of her she covered her bare breasts up with her arm. She put the other one 
back into the sleeve of her dress. Then realised that putting the dress back on 
without flashing everyone wasn't going to happen. So she treated them to a two 
second glance as she covered up.

It may have only been two seconds in reality but to Kat it felt like a lifetime.

Gemma was nervous. The spotlight seemed brighter. The bar seemed bigger. The 
crowd seemed eager. One more wrong answer and she and her flat mates had lost. 
Not only would they miss out on the £1500 but also they would be naked.

The girls didn't realise just how bad it would be, as they hadn't noticed that 
Gavin's helpers had been clearing the clothes out of the baskets on stage as 
they were landing in there.

Gemma took a sharp intake of breath as she tried to concentrate on the question 
she was being asked. She knew she had to get it right. The consequence of 
getting it wrong was too much to contemplate.

Somehow she managed to answer correctly. In fact she survived quite well. That 
was until she got to question fifteen.

"Who was the first person in the UK to win the full prize money in who wants to 
be a millionaire?" Gavin asked

Gemma froze. Her mind was blank. The crowd all held their breath, there phones 
in hand ready to capture the moment that the girls revealed all.

Gemma looked out into the crowd. She then saw Steve her photographer friend from earlier. His camera was trained on her. If he got a photo then that would mean that the student newspaper would get a picture and everyone on campus would see. 
It didn't bear thinking about. Gemma racked her brains but nothing would come.

She looked out into the crowd searching desperately for inspiration. She could 
find none. She couldn't believe this was about to happen. She was about to be 
humiliated. She was about to show everyone everything. The bar felt so hot.

Gemma turned to look at Jodie and Kat. The look said it all. Even they did not 
seem to know the answer. Gemma knew what was coming as she took a deep breath.

"Pass." She whispered looking down at the floor wishing that it would swallow 
her up.

"Pardon?" Asked Gavin

"Pass." Repeated Gemma

The crowd cheered raising their phones as one ready to capture the moment.

"Sorry girls." Gemma said quietly

Gavin looked at Gemma with a glint of satisfaction in his eye.

Gemma reached behind her and untied her halter neck. With a little shimmy the 
dress pooled at her feet. She stepped away from it. Gavin picked it up and 
passed it to the basket.

The crowd cheered as they took in Gemma's curves. Her full breasts stood out 
proudly on her chest. Her ripe strawberry nipples pointing invitingly toward 
them.

Jodie was the next to loose her dress. Seeing the favourable reaction that Gemma 
was getting she boldly stepped up next to her. Abandoning her dress where it 
was.

Kat was the last out of her dress and not to be outdone by her flatmates she 
stepped up to join them.

They stood there for a few minutes soaking the crowd in. Slowly feeling less and 
less embarrassed.

Then Gavin's next announcement sent a shiver down their spines.

"Ladies and gentlemen can we have another round of applause for our first 
contestants. Now, should we give them a chance to win their clothes back or 
shall we play again?"

The girls froze. They looked at each other. Then at the crowd. Gavin was poised 
by the tombola his feelings on the matter obvious.

The girls held their breath as Gavin continued.

"If you want to play again then cheer now."

The crowd cheered.

"Give the girls a chance to win their clothes back"

The women in the crowd cheered.

"Ok. I know we'll flip a coin for it. If the girls guess right they play on. If 
not new contestants."

Gavin flipped the coin.

"Heads." Called Gemma

The coin landed and it was...





 