The Experience
by EmmersonReid

The Experience Pt. 06 - The Ending

Nearly every hole gets filled at the same time.

Climbing up onto the bed I start to crawl towards her making sure my ass is at the edge for him. I have never been this close to a girl before this way, I have no idea what I am doing. I lean down close and look up over her pussy to her face trying to just pause for a minute, my eyes must have looked so worried. She almost giggles when she reassuringly says, "Just relax and think about how you like to be touched and tasted and try that on me. I will help you and guide you if you need it. I have a feeling this will come naturally to you and I know I am going to like you discovering it."

She leans her head back and I can see the smooth lines of her neck and chin. My eyes move down to her increase breasts, her nipples so hard. She is so pretty and so confidant, she is helping ease my nerves but also excites them so much.

"There you go baby, that is all just for you now in front of you. I want to see you experience it, play with her, taste her. I want to see you touching her." He says this softly with his words like butter as he pushes again on my lower back to get me into position. His hands start to cup each ass cheek and slowly spread them apart. "Ohh fuck, yeah this ass is perfection. I am going to love breaking it in. So fucking tight looking." He says this as his thumb presses over my tight hole. "You are so fucking wet and ready but I want to add just a bit more lube." The bottle snaps open, fuck I feel like I cannot breathe. My heart is pounding so loud and my chest feels tight. I admit it, I'm scared but in a good way.

He starts pouring the cold lube down my ass crack and over my hole, rubbing it all over the entrance. I snap back to focus on her when she puts her hands down on either side of her tight smooth lips. Omg those lips, so smooth and inviting looking. She takes her delicate fingers and spreads herself open for me. So pink and so soft looking. I have obviously never seen one this close before. "There hun, I will make it easier for you...I really want to feel your tongue now and he wants to watch." I lean in more and take my tongue and softly run it over her from the top of her hole over her clit and right to the top of her slit. Omg that is so fucking soft and I can feel the shape of her as I run my tongue over. I kinda like this, I start to trace around her clit with pressure making circles as I go. She is arching her back and pressing closer to me as she starts to softly moan, ok I am more than kinda liking this.

"Fuck you look so good doing that....you look so natural at it. So eager to learn at the same time." He praises me as he slips his hand between my legs and finds my clit and starts to play with me. "You are being so good I am going to play with you while I watch you enjoy her." He keeps rubbing me in the exact way my tongue is touching her, mirroring what I do. Fuck this feels so good. I close my lips around her and softly suck as I flick my tongue over her clit. Before I can even think of what to do I move my hand up and put my two fingers at the entrance. She is so fucking wet. "Yeah there you go, keep going, I like what you are doing." She is moaning even more now and I rub my fingers around the entrance putting them inside just a bit and then all the way inside as she lets out a soft gasp.

I cannot even describe the feeling, so wet and warm and soft. I love how slippery it is and I turn my fingers upwards and start to curl them up rubbing inside exactly where I like it. I keep my tongue pressing those circles and she responds so well to both. "Mmm faster, yeah faster and exactly like that." I move my fingers faster and keep playing with my tongue. His fingers are now inside me moving at the same speed This feels so fucking good, it's like I am showing him how I like it and I am being rewarded just like she said.

My fingers start to cramp a little but she is moaning so much and gasping I keep moving inside her. She is getting so so so wet and she starts grinding up into my mouth. I can feel her inside tensing around my fingers, it is so tight I can see why it feels good wrapped around a cock. He stops touching me and just watches now, not letting me cum yet I assume. I don't think it would take much at this point. I keep moving my fingers and lips and tongue. Exploring every part of her.

"Yeah, just like that, don't stop..please....please. This feels so so good." She is arching and pushing into my face...my tongue swirling and my fingers moving inside rubbing that perfect spot and then I feel her start to compress inside in a rhythmic motion. So tight, over and over. She gasps and cries out and shudders relaxing fully into the bed after, breathing so deep and fast now. "Omg, omg....yeah, I liked that." She seems like she cannot even catch her breath.

"Good girl, that was such a good job. That was so fucking unbelievably hot to watch you do that." He then looks over to her, "Go get yourself cleaned up Alice, you are dismissed."

I slide my fingers out of her tight wet pussy and it makes her gasp softly again. I had no idea how much I would like doing that, making her feel that way, making him turned on watching me. She lifts her leg over my head and gets off the bed..before leaving she leans down and lifts my chin up and presses her lips onto mine. Her kiss feels incredible, she kisses me so passionately and then releases, smiles at me and says, "Mmmm thank you." With that she stands up and walks over to the door, the door unlocks and she leaves.

Click, locked again.

"Fuck, that was so hot, I know everyone watching is thinking the same thing." He says and then he tells me to get on all fours but to keep my back arched as he walks up behind me, he looks over at him. "I want you to kneel in front of her, I want you to fill her mouth. Keep your camera in your hand though because I want her looking up at that or back at me at all times. Do you understand Em?" His hand is already on me and the other one gripping my ass cheek so hard and then letting it go, watching it bounce and then gripping it again. I will feel this tomorrow for sure, omg his fingers press into my ass cheeks so hard. "Ow." I whimper. He laughs a bit and says "Oh just you wait, its about to get a lot more painful but you are going to take it like a good little slut aren't you?"

Levi walks over in front of me, "Omg I have been waiting to feel her mouth." He grabs my hair and pulls my head back roughly and then he lets go suddenly and reaches for the bralette clasps and undoes every one till my is top off and my breasts hang down. "That's better." Levi says approvingly and puts his hand back in my hair and pulls me back again so my mouth opens on its own. "Open your fucking mouth wider for me." 

As I listen I feel my ass cheeks burning from those handprints, "Your ass is so fucking red." It's like he was reading my mind too. "Now I want you to listen and behave. It's going to hurt but if you relax and let me in I know you are going to like it. I want to watch you get your face fucked while I stretch you open."

Levi puts his hard cock into my mouth, "Thats a good girl, now press your lips together." He stars to slide deeper and deeper into my mouth. "Fuck may, you are not kidding...that tongue though..fucking perfect." I can feel him holding me in place with my hair intertwined in his fingers and he starts to fuck my face faster and deeper. Omg I can't take it this deep, I start to cough and gag and pull off. "No, no no, keep it in your mouth. I want to use this mouth of yours. Take it."

Being told what to do, how to do it. Fuck I am throbbing inside. This is such a turn on, I like being used. "Look up at me baby, keep your eyes up here. I want to look at you as I fuck your face." I look up, my eyes watering from his cock gagging me. And then I feel it, I cry out and try to pull away when I feel his hands grab the skin on my hips and pull me back. "Stay fucking still, do you hear me. Don't fucking move, stay right here....that's right, good girl."

Omg there is so much pressure, "Let me in baby, take it, there you go...you are past the tip..you can take more I know you can, you are going to." I start to moan and cry even more.

"Omfg her moans though....fuuuck this feels so fucking amazing." Levi says as he shoves his cock in and out of my mouth so fast and rough I can't help but start drooling. I gag again, it's so big and going so far in. "Fuck, thank you so much for letting me try her mouth. Fuck it is so nice. I am going to fill it soon even more." Levi says.

"I am glad you like it, it is pretty incredible, I am going to push farther in now so you should feel even better soon when she moans harder." He says this and then pushes, and pushes, and pushes. I am really whimpering now and trying to not squirm. The noises coming from me are constant now and vibrating on the cock in my throat. "Fuuuuck that's it, fuck that feels incredible, keep moaning and whimpering baby."

I don't even know what to focus on, my mouth is dripping so much and my head is getting sore from Levi holding me where he wants me. But that's nothing compared to the burning and pressure in my ass, he pushes even more while praising me and telling me to relax and take it.....fuck, fuck it is so big and stretching my little ass more than I thought it could. Deeper, deeper, omg he is in. "I want you to stope sucking him for a second and look back at me. Levi pulls his dick from my lips and I turn back at him as he asks me where he is right now. "You're in my ass." I say. "Yeah, I am in your ass...keep looking at me tell me you want me to fuck your ass." I lock my eyes on him, fuck he is so hot...this is so hot. I love it. "Please fuck my ass, please I promise I'll be good and take it. Please fuck me." I beg.

He smiles pleased and then looks over at Levi "Fuck her face again, I want to see her little mouth filled." Levi grabs my hair and pulls me back hard, "Open your fucking mouth." I listen instantly and he shoves his cock back in my mouth and starts thrusting in and out and I am now gagging every time with how deep he goes.

My ass is burning and I hear him back there say, "Fuck baby you look so good being fucked." He grabs my hips and slides out. "Ohhhh yeah, your ass is so open now for me. I am going to fuck you now and then I am going to fill this tight hole with my cum. I want him to fill your throat at the exact same time. You are going to have both your holes filled and you are going to take it. Ready?"

I moan a yes with his cock in my mouth and they both start to fuck me so hard. My body is being shoved in two directions and I grip the sheets to stay still. They both keep fucking me faster and harder till he says, "yeah, so fucking tight...you are so fucking tight...I am going to fill your little ass now and he is going to cum in your mouth. I want to see you swallow it all too, don't fucking spit it out...keeps those lips wrapped. I want to watch you swallow it as your perfect ass swallows my cum." With that they both keep pumping inside me swelling up bigger than before till I feel them both explode at the same time. "Yeah there you go, fuck..take it...take it all deep inside. All of it." He then pushes as deep as possible and holds his cock in my ass. Levi looks down at me, "Fuck you are so beautiful with my dick in your mouth...swallow like you were told." I start to do as I am told feeling the hot fluid go down my throat and then he pulls out of my lips." He tells me to put my tongue out and then he starts sliding the tip down my tongue so I get every drop.

His hands spread my ass cheeks, "Fuck baby your ass looks perfect with my cock in it. So fucking tight." He pulls slowly out watching my little hole release his cock. I can feel his cum dripping out of me. Omg, my head is spinning.....I did it, I made it. Fuck what an experience. He chuckles when he sees my expression. "Oh ha ha nooo we are not done with you yet." The door clicks open and she comes back in. She is wearing such a sexy lace bra and panties, she walks over to me. "Now lay on the bed."

There's more? I move and lay down obediently. She comes over and takes a rope and wraps each ankle and each wrist and ties them to hooks on the bed. Both guys are back watching as she starts to run her fingers over my legs and then she stands up and takes her panties off as she bends over so her pussy is shown off to everyone watching. Omg she is so beautiful. She takes her hands and reaches back undoing her bra clasps and her bra slides off. Her nipples are so hard and her breasts stand up perfectly. She goes back down on her knees on top of me, straddling me. She smiles and leans down and says, "Let me taste." and her lips reach mine again. I am tied up, restrained as she spreads her legs more lowering herself so her pussy is right onto of mine. I can feel her heat, she starts to move her hips as she presses into me, grinding in so many different directions. So fucking smooth, so fucking hot. My clit keeps being teased as her pussy gets close to it. Her hand reaches up and grabs my breast and starts moving and squeezing it. She takes my nipple in her fingertips and starts to pinch it as she grinds even more. Her lips taste so good, her pussy feels so hot and wet, her fingers giving the perfect amount of pain and pressure. I want to move, I want to touch her but the restraints stop me. She sits up and reaches back so I can see all of her perfect breasts and she grinds her pussy more before sliding off of me. Both guys have cameras in hand and are getting every angle while reaching up to grab a nipple or to put their thumb on my jaw pulling it open as they watch her pussy touch mine.

She slips off of me and slides down so her face is right above my swollen pussy and she pulls my lips apart and starts to lick me as they grab my nipples and breasts more. Her tongue starts to explore me as my back arches and my body shudders from pleasure. He comes over and puts his fingers between her chin and my body and finds my soaking wet pussy hole and slides his fingers inside while her tongue moves to around my clit. She starts making circles and going faster and faster while his fingers slide in and out.

OMG I can't hold back, I have to cum. "Please, please, oh please let me cum."

"Good girl, such a good slut. yes you can cum." He pushes his fingers in deeper with each stroke. Her hand reaches up and grabs my nipple and pinches so hard as her soft tonight plays. My mind explodes and I feel like I am taken somewhere I have never been as my body releases and I cum so fucking hard I start moaning and saying, yes, yes, omg fuck yes, please, please. I don't think I have ever cum so hard.

My body sinks into the bed as he pulls his hand out and she stops licking me. She takes my restraints off and says thank you and then they all leave and I am sitting there on the bed alone.

I did it, I liked it. I want to do it again.
