Disclaimer:  This is a work of fiction.

Anna decides to join Megan's ballet class.

------------

By the time the lesson was over, Anna was pretty anxious to leave. She wanted to get Megan home and fuck her brains out, and she was worried that she was starting to smell, having her diaper full of her own poo (and pee by this time) and her bra filled with Megan's poo. She got a thrill from the naughtiness of smelling like poo in public, but at the same time she was determined to join the ballet class and didn't want to make things difficult for either her or Megan.

When the lesson was over, Megan toweled off and started to pull her sweatpants on. "No no." Anna said. "Don't you dare put those on." Megan blushed but did not argue. She wasn't in the habit of walking around in public wearing only her tights and leotard, but the idea excited her.

"So, what do you think my dear?" Mistress Sasha addressed Anna with a smile.

"It was amazing!" Anna said honestly. Sasha smiled and licked her lips before giving Anna an information packet as she and Megan walked out.

"Talk to your mother, and hopefully we'll see you the day after tomorrow!" Sasha waved as the girls stepped out the front door and on to the street. As soon as they were outside, the girls kissed passionately, Megan making sure to push her chest into Anna's so that the poo in her bra would smoosh around. The girls talked while they waited for Anna's mom who was evidently running late, as usual.

"I'm definitely quitting soccer." Anna announced. She had always liked soccer, but had always wanted to do ballet. She was afraid it would be too girly, but her outlook on life had changed significantly over the past week.

"Excellent!" squealed Megan who was hoping that Anna would join her in class. "I should have peed before we left."

Anna smirked and gave Megan a quick, hard jab in her perfect little stomach. Megan squeked as a little urine slipped out and into her leotard. They both looked down and say a tiny wet spot in the front of the leotard. Megan smiled and hit Anna on the shoulder playfully. "Well, now that they're already wet, you might as well finish." Without missing a beat and without taking her eyes off of her lover, Megan let go of her bladder and pee started to rush out of her, turning the tiny wet spot into a very large wet spot.

The material of her leotard was thick enough that she had peed a considerable amount before it finally broke through the fabric and started to run down her legs and into her pink toe-shoes. The crotch of her leotard was visibly soaked, and her thighs glistened with wetness. "That feels better." Megan said with a smile. Anna kissed her again.

"I love you Megan" Anna said as her hand reached down to caress Megan's wet crotch.

"I love you too." Megan said in between moans as Anna massaged her hot pussy through the wet fabric of her leotard. A minute later and Megan's body shook with an orgasm. The two girls fell into each other, laughing, as they nervously looked around them to see if anyone had seen what just happened. They were standing on the corner, and they had gotten lost in the moment. They breathed a joint sigh of relief as they saw that they were, in fact, alone. They did not see that Mistress Sasha had been watching them out the second floor studio window.

Just then Anna's mom pulled up. The girls climbed in the car, Megan doing her best to hold her sweatpants and purse in such a way as to obscure her soaking wet crotch.

"So how was class?" Anna's mom asked.

"It was amazing!" Anna said, "Please mom, can I take ballet?"

"I'll talk with your father, but I'm sure he won't have a problem with it. I'm just so glad to see you so excited about something. I haven't seen you this excited about anything in years!"

"Can Megan spend the night?"

"Sure, but is it okay with her parents?"

"I'm sure it is," Megan started to explain, "they never seem to care what I do . ."

"Poor thing! You're always welcome at our house. I'm glad you and Anna have hit it off so well."

