Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Bimbo App ~ Santa's Bimbofied Elves Chapter Two: Bimbo Elves Naughty Gifts
Summary: The naughty bimbo elves give out hot toys to the sexy moms!
Keywords: FF MFF MF MFFF mc oral cremapie anal rim exhib voy inter MILF wife cuck

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader!

Hank Oldman

My new sexy bimbo-elf helpers licked my cum off the other's faces. I stood over them, stroking my new, gray beard that had grown when I had used the Bimbo App ~ Mall Santa Edition, this strange program that I'd been offered to beta test.

It broke reality. I grew a beard and those two sluts lapping my pearly jizz off each other's faces had grown pointed ears like they were real elves. They'd also had a complete personality change into wanton sluts who just wanted to please Santy Claus as they liked to call me.

They'd become air-headed bimbos.

The first one was Vivian, the nineteen-year-old girl I'd been paying to work at my little Santa's Workshop in the mall's parking lot. I'd had the gig for years now, making just enough to live in my trailer and drink beer without having to do some work until late summer to stretch out to another six weeks of hell. 

Whining children, bitchy mothers, angry fathers, and stuck-up helpers invariably quit because I creeped on them. I just admired their fine, young bodies. I only hired the sexiest young women to put on the elf costume.

Now Vivian stared up at with such empty-headed joy in her eyes instead of loathing. Her blonde hair spilled around her face, some of the cum in her hair. She wore the sluttiest of outfits now. A green miniskirt lined in fur and a matching boob tube. She had on the sleeping cap with the fuzzy ball at the end and black, heeled boots with candy-cane-striped thigh-highs. She looked hot.

And so did the hot wife I'd just bimbofied. Mrs. Franny Lassiter was no longer a trophy wife spending more time on the phone looking sexy in her tight jeans than paying attention to her kid whining to Santa about the dumb shit the brat wanted for Christmas. When I bimbofied her, she also appeared magically in the new outfit, her black hair smeared in jizz, too. Her big, fake tits looked amazing in the new outfit. 

Weirdly, her confused husband had shown up to take their kid off like he'd just teleported out of an office meeting. This app had magic, and I loved it. I savored Vivian and Franny licking cum off each other's faces.

Such yummy nummy cummies, moaned Vivian.

Santy Claus's Christmasy cheers! squealed Franny and kissed Vivian.

Their tongues danced as they snowballed my cum back and forth. I groaned, savoring how they did that. I loved it so much. I wanted to have more of these bimbo-elves. I glance down at the phone and saw their two pictures in round bubbles with their names beneath them. They were both currently Level 2 Elves.

It seemed they leveled up when I added a new one. And the App promised me new perks with each elf I recruited. Vivian had been free while Franny cost me 3 Bimbo Candy Canes. I had 3 of those to start with.

Basically, the gave me two bimbo-elves for free.

But I wanted more.

How did I get more?

I fiddled around and found that it took 9 Bimbo Candy Canes to get my next one. Well, how the fuck did I get another one. I noticed a little question mark and hit it. A list of FAQs came up that ranged from Does this App Really Make Bimbo Elves to Is this App Magic? I almost clicked that one when I noticed the question I needed answered.

I clicked on How to Earn Bimbo Candy Canes.

Once you have 2 Bimbo Elves, the special toy box is unlocked. Every time a mom brings her kid to ask Santa for Christmas gifts, one of your bimbo elves will give the mom a random sex toy from the box. If she uses it on herself at any point, you receive a Bimbo Candy Cane.

Damn, that's wild, I said, glancing down at the two. They were still licking up my cum from each other's faces and kissing. That was hot. And right now, things were paused. If there were moms with kids waiting, they were outside.

I was in my pavilion. My gaze flicked to the toy box that had magically appeared in my tent. I didn't need to click on the link to find out if this App was magic. I just had to watch the two air-headed elves to know.

I got to get me some of that pussy, Franny, I said.

Franny broke the kiss with Vivian and glanced up at me. Ooh, ooh, Santy Claus wants to fuck my pussy with his biggie dick! Yay!

I did have a big dick now. The App had engorged me and given me a real Santa beard. 

And while I fuck you, if you want to lick up more of my cum, there's plenty in Vivian's pussy! I added.

There is! Vivian bounced up, her big tits jiggling in her boob tube. I have so muchy of Santy Claus's cummies in my pussy! Licky them all out of me, Franny! That's what a goody elf does!

I'm such a goody elf! Franny exclaimed and clapped her hands together. A goody woody elfy-slut for Santy Claus!

Damn straight, I growled as I rose from my chair. Vivian, sit your cute keister on the chair.

Righty-o, Santy Claus! Vivian darted to the chair and pressed her face into the chair, thrusting out her rump at us. Her legs spread wide, Cum dripped down her thighs toward the tops of her stockings. She wiggled her hips.

Vivian, what are you doing? I asked.

Sitting on my cute kisser, she answered.

Keister, I said, shaking my head. Your ass!

Oooooh, she said. That makes sensey sense!

She spun around and planted her rump on the chair. She threw her legs over the armrest, her shaved pussy smeared in my jizz on full display. She looked so happy as my cum dripped out of her pussy. Franny crawled forward, her cute ass shaking back and forth. I was so eager to fuck the hot wife's pussy and cuck that guy in the suit.

His wife was my bimbo-elf now. I owned her pussy. Her big boobs. Her pointed ears. I had claimed her with the magic of the app, utterly brainwashing her into being my happy bimbo-elf. And boy was she happy.

Yay, Santy Claus's cummies in Vivian's nummy yummy pussy twat! squealed Franny before she buried her face into Vivian's barely legal cunt. 

Vivian gasped, her eyes widening as the MILF ate her pussy. Vivian's pointed ears twitched. She groaned, shoving up her boob tube so her big tits spilled out. She had a nice pair of natural Double D'sthe main reason I hired her. Franny had maybe F-cups thanks to her silicone implants.

I dropped to my knees and pushed up Franny's skirt. I slid the green fabric lined in white fur over her plump ass. Her trimmed, black bush dripped with her juices. She was so eager for this. I smiled and pressed my cock right against her married pussy.

I'd been lucky to buy a lot lizard once or twice a year to get my dick sucked, now I had two sexy bimbo-elves at my beck and call. I smiled as I thrust my cock into Franny's pussy. She moaned into her fellow bimbo's cunt as I filled her up.

Santy Claus's biggie candy cane! she moaned. It's so yummy and nummy in my pussy twat!

Ooh, ooh, I lovey having his biggie cock in me! gasped Vivian. She smiled at me as I savored the MILF's hot twat. You pumped all your Christmasy cheer into me. Thank you, Santy Claus.

Any fucking time, I groaned as I drew back my cock, savoring Franny's hot pussy squeezing around me. She had a juicy snatch. Damn, that's good. Ho, ho, ho!

I liked to bellow that now. It felt so right as I fucked into the hot wife's pussy. I buried into her cunt, my nuts slapping into her trimmed bush. I loved the feel of her hot snatch gripping my dick. It was a fantastic rush to fuck into her cunt again and again.

I pounded her with force. I loved how great it felt to fuck her pussy. I pounded her cunt with such hard strokes. I thrust into her married snatch again and again, gripping her hips. She moaned into Vivian's cunt.

Santy Claus! Vivian moaned, her legs, draped over the armrests, kicking. She's all lickedying up your cummies!

Such goody yummy jizzies! gasped the hot wife. I fucked her hard, her ears twitching as she enjoyed her feast. I have to reach so deepy into her pussy twat to find it all!

So deepy deep! squealed Vivian, the blonde bimbo-elf's head tossing. Her big boobs jiggled.

I loved the sight of those lovely tatas bouncing as she squirmed on the chair. She gasped and moaned, her head tossing. It was a wonderful sight to watch her trembling through all her passion as the MILF ate her cunt.

I fucked the married bimbo-elf harder. Her husband would never get to enjoy her pussy again. Just me. Only my dick would get to fuck her. I owned her. A big smile spread on my lips at that idea. I owned my bimbo-elves.

They were my property.

Fuck, yes, I growled as I thrust to the hilt in her cunt. I fucked her with force, reveling in that delicious pussy around me. Damn, that's good. You have an amazing pussy!

Yay! squealed Franny, her cunt clamping down on my cock. My pussy is amazying and awesomey and Santy Claus loves it!

Do you love my pussy, Santy Claus? whimpered Vivian.

Of course I fucking do, I growled, slamming hard into Vivian, her pussy clenching down on my cock. You have a great twat. Just fucking fantastic!

She beamed at me as she quivered there while I fucked her. I pounded her twat with force. I thrust to the hilt in her snatch. I buried deep and hard into her snatch. I thrust to the hilt in her, reveling in that delicious pussy gripping me. 

The pressure in my nuts swelled and swelled. I loved how great that hot pussy felt about my dick. She drove me wild with that wonderful cunt. I grunted, slamming hard into Franny's twat while she feasted on Vivian.

Ooh, ooh, you're gonna make me go all gaspy and squeally and cummies! Vivian cried, her face twisting in delight. Those lush tits of hers swayed back and forth.

Yeppers, Franny answered. I'll make you gaspy and squeally and cummies all over my face! Drowny me in your Christmasy delight!

Fucking drown her, I grunted, fucking hard into Franny's pussy, her hot twat gripping me. The pressure grew at the tip of my dick. I wanted to see one of my bimbo-elves cum on another's face. That would be so hot. Fucking drown her!

Vivian moaned, her face twisting with delight. She quivered, her legs kicking. Her big boobs bounced as she arched her back. Her gasps echoed through the tent. I slammed to the hilt in Franny's cunt. She moaned into Vivian's twat.

Cummies! squealed the blonde bimbo-elf. She bucked as she drowned the hot wife. Merry Christmasy!

Ho, ho, ho, I groaned as Vivian climaxed. Her head tossed and boobs slapped together.

Franny's pussy clamped down on my cock. She held me tight. She gripped me with that delicious snatch. I loved it as I fucked her pussy. I pounded her cunt with force. I slammed to the hilt in her snatch again and again. I reveled in this delight. I loved how amazing it was fucking her snatch. 

Ooh, ooh, Santy Claus! Franny moaned. You're biggie dick is super duper holiday amazing!

Her twat convulsed around my cock.

I groaned as I pumped away at her spasming snatch. She moaned into Vivian's cunt while I enjoyed that hot and silky sheath writhing around my thrusting dick. I churned her up, the pressure in my balls hurtling toward that bursting point.

I plowed to the hilt in this cunt I owned. I buried in deep and hard and grunted as I erupted. My cum spurted into her snatch. I flooded her with spurt after spurt of cum. It was just such an amazing rush to have all that ecstasy surging out of me.

I grunted with each blast. I pumped my cum into her snatch again and again. I loved every second of filling her pussy up with my seed. I could breed my bimbo-elf. I gripped her hips, her hot twat suckling out my cum.

You're my bimbo-elf! I growled. You're both my elf-slut whores!

Yeppers, Santy Claus! the two bimbos moaned as I pumped the hot wife's fertile pussy full of my seed. 

I loved it. I reveled in this moment. The pleasure swept through me. It was an awesome rush to experience. I grunted with each burst of rapture that erupted from my dick. I groaned at how amazing it felt to pump her full of jizz.

I emptied my nuts in the hot wife. I groaned as the pleasure slammed through me one more time. One last eruption of jizz into her juicy snatch. She whimpered, her voice muffled by Vivian's cunt. I savored that married twat suckling at me.

I ripped my cock free and felt amazing. Well, we have hot moms to give dildos and shit to.

Eww, why would we give them shit? gasped Vivian. That's gross. Poopies are not Christmasy, Santy Claus.

I meant... Right, right, no shits are given here. I chuckled as Vivian nodded in agreement, completely misunderstanding what I meant. 

Get those skirts pulled down and tits put away, I said as I pulled up my red Santa pants. We got kids coming in here.

Once we were all decent, Vivian and Franny opened the tent. The next kid rushed in, a snot-nosed brat with blonde pigtails. Her mother was fine. I sat the little girl on my knee and pretended to listen to her inane babble.

And you get a toy from our toy box, Franny said, leading the brunette mom to the Christmas-themed chest. It was green with red trim. Franny opened it and reached inside. She pulled out a silver vibrator complete in its original packaging. There you go!

Oh, my, said the mom, her cheeks blushing. She slipped that into her purse. Um, thanks.

And you get a candy cane, yay! said Vivian as the little girl hopped off my knee. The brat took the peppermint treat and rushed off.

I hoped that mom used it soon. I wanted to get my Bimbo Candy Canes. I needed to get my third one. I wanted to find out what happened then. What would my next reward be? I mean, giving away sex toys to MILFs was fun and all, but... 

It would be hot to fuck them.

The next Mom came in with her son. He babbled about some dumb video game as Vivian led the black-haired MILF to the box. My naughty elf bent over and reached inside. She produced a double-headed dildo.

Ooh, you can share this with a friend, said Vivian. Isn't that neat?

Uh, yeah, said the Mom. She shoved it into her purse. Um, okay, Billy, let's go.

Listen to your Mom and be a good boy, Billy, I said as Franny presented him a candy cane. Ho, ho, ho!

The mom and the kid headed off, the MILF glancing down at her purse and blushing heavily. She left and a gorgeous, Black mom walked in with a plump ass and a fat daughter. My leg nearly broke beneath the kid's weight, but the Mom...

Fine as hell.

Ooh, a butt plug vibrator, said Franny. That's fun. You're going to love it.

My, oh, my, the mom said as she thrust it into her purse. Didn't expect to get a little treat for me. She glanced over at me listening to her daughter talk about getting some doll for Christmas.

Be a good girl for your Mom, I said, trying to hide my relief as the kid hopped off my lap and waddled up to her Mom. 

And so it went, Mom after Mom taking toys while I waited for one of them to use it. I just needed to get some Bimbo Candy Canes. I wanted to get that third one. Surely one of those moms would just run home and masturbate. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

My bimbo-elves had given out over two dozen sex toys when my phone beeped. I pulled it out of my pocket as the latest brat picked his nose. I ignored the rugrat and stared at the app. I smiled. I had gained my first Bimbo Candy Cane.

One of the moms had gotten frisky with her toy? Maybe that first MILF with her silver vibrator or what about that black woman. She looked excited to ram a vibrating butt plug into her backdoor. Probably became a fan of anal to keep from having more fat porkers like that daughter.

But it was an amazing start.

Ooh, you got a strap-on dildy-do! said Vivian. How fun. I hope you have a friend that can use that on you and make you feel goody!

I'm married, the woman said, her eyes wide.

And? Just friends being friends and doing friendly thingies with each other. Vivian beamed at her. Just strappy it up and give her a friendly time and make her feel so goody good.

Right, the mom said. Um, let's go, Trevor.

But Mom, I'm not done telling Santa Claus about all the toys I want, he protested. But she grabbed him and pulled him off. She looked eager to get to fucking. Maybe she had a crush on a friend she wanted to explore. 

I just hoped that I could get more Bimbo Candy Canes. My phone beeped again. I gained my second one. I smiled at the sight of it. Those moms were starting to enjoy their Christmas Gifts, too. That was so nice.

The parade of kids and their hot moms continued. Sometimes a dad came in, a complete waste since he didn't get a toy. But I kept hearing beeps. 3 Bimbo Candy Canes. 4. 5. I was picking them up every kid or so.

Double-pronged dildos to fuck both women's holes, toys that rotated, ben wa balls, anal beads, even a dildo that was over a foot long that had to be a gag gift. The woman who got it blushed to her roots as she held it tucked beneath her arm. Clit rockets, wand massagers, vibrators with clit-lickers attached, and more were given out to the moms.

BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! 

I glanced at my phone and jumped from 5 to 8 in rapid succession. More and more Moms were enjoying their naughty vibrators, dildos, anal beads, and all those other toys. It was so hot. I was just one way.

The next mom entered was a hot Hispanic MILF. Her son and daughter both hoped on a leg, about a year apart in age. They babbled as I stared at that sexy Mom. I was so close to getting one more Bimbo Candy Cane.

I wanted to make this Mom into my next Bimbo. She had a great ass and a sexy body with golden-brown skin and a flirty smile. She glanced at her kids asking for their toys, her lips spreading wide. She was perfect.

Now you get a toy, too, said Vivian as she led the woman to the toy chest. Isn't that neaty? Santy Claus wants moms to feel the Christmasy spirit deep in them! Just making them gush with such wondermust Christmasy cheer. Isn't that awesomey! 

Yes, the woman said, turning to the toy box. 

BEEP! 

My phone just went off. I grabbed my phone out of my pocket and aimed it at the woman. Do you want to bimbofy Ana Lucia Guadeloupe? asked the App. YES or NO were my options. I hit the only possible answer.

YES.

Instantly, the woman gasped and spun around. She faced me as the magic swept over her. The jeans and a sweater she wore were replaced by her sexy bimbo-elf outfit. Her cap appeared first as the silvery tinsel washed around her. Her ears grew long and pointed. Her boob tube hugged her large tits. Her skirt hugged her hips while her candy-cane-striped thigh-highs looked perfect on her. 

Santy Claus! she gasped, bouncing up and down for joy. Mami es una elfa! 

Her kids cheered and hopped off my lap only for the tent to open and a confused-looking man in a mechanic's jumpsuit with grease stains on the blue-gray material. He wiped his hands off on a rag tucked into his tool belt before holding his hands out to his kids.

Adios mami! the children said, waving to her. 

She blew them kisses as the kids were then looking happy to be taken off by their father. The magic of the App had changed things. This was the new reality that the App's magic had created. I was so eager for it.

I'm ready to servicy you, Santy Claus! Ana Lucia said, looking so fine in her uniform. Will you fill me up with your Christmasy cheer!

Fuck, yeah, I said. I had to fuck her to get the level up to count. That was how it worked with the other two. You're such a fucking hot-ass elf, Ana Lucia!

Thank you, Santy Claus, she purred. You make my coo so wet and itchy and all wanty to be fucky by your biggie candy cane!

It's the bestest best candy cane there is! Vivian squealed. My pussy lovey suckying on it!

Oh, so much, Franny moaned and bounced up and down.

Turn around, Ana Lucia, I said. Let me see that fine ass of yours.

She turned and wiggled her rump at me. She thrust it out. The green skirt hugged her ass. It was such a delicious sight to witness. I loved how she shook her rump back and forth at me. My dick throbbed hard at the sight.

I wanted to just fuck her hard. I ached to pound her with all that I had. I would make her cum so hard by burying my dick into her bowels. I smiled as she threw a look over her shoulder. Smoky and naughty.

Do you like my plumpy rumpy ass? she cooed. She slapped her hands on it. I have a gorgeousy butt, don't I? All jiggly wiggly piggly.

Flip up that skirt and let's find out, I growled.

She beamed at me and did just that. She flipped up her skirt and exposed her golden-brown ass. It was paler than her thighs. She clearly didn't tan in the nude, but she did look fucking amazing. The Latina MILF wiggled her rump, her butt-cheeks jiggling.

She slapped her hands down on her butt-cheeks. They rippled with the impact while the stinging sound echoed through the tent. My dick was so hard. I loved this so much. I just had to enjoy this sexy bimbo-elf's ass. 

Vivian, lick her ass and get her ready for my dick, I said. Franny, bend over so I can lube up in your married pussy!

Yes, Santy Claus! the two bimbo-elves moaned together.

Vivian darted over and parted Ana Lucia's butt-cheeks apart. Smacking her, she buried her face into the Latina elf's crack. Ana Lucia gasped, her head tossing and wavy, black hair swaying. It was hot to watch the sight of her getting rimmed.

Franny bent over and flipped her skirt up to expose her pussy. I smiled at her. I dropped my Santa pants and let my cock spill out. I was so hard and ready for this moment. I pressed my dick into her married twat and thrust into her pussy. She gasped as I did that. She squeezed her snatch around my cock. I soaked in her snatch, lubing up.

Ooh, ooh, Santy Claus, she's all lickedying my buttyhole like a naughty puta-elfa! Ana Lucia moaned.

Yes, she is, I groaned, loving the sight. Mmm, just thrust your tongue into her asshole, Vivian. Really swirl around in her.

Ana Lucia gasped. That must be happening. I just groaned, watching the wicked sight while savoring that hot pussy around my dick. The naughty Franny squeezed and relaxed about me. She held me in her tight cunt. She was such a wicked thing.

I loved it.

I pulled out of her cunt, my dick nice and lubed. I was so ready to enjoy me some Latina bimbo-elf ass. That would be a perfect treat. I watched Vivian wiggling her hips back and forth. She was having a blast rimming out the slut-elf's asshole.

Okay, I said. I'm going to fuck that hot ass right now. Out of the way, Vivian!

Yeppers, Santy Claus, said Vivian, her pointed ears twitching. She's all ready to be butty-fucked by your biggie dick. I got her all nice and wet and juicy and lubey and ready for you to fucky her hard! Ooh, poundy her assyhole!

I plan on it, I said and kissed her on the mouth. I loved the taste of that sour flavor on her lips. Go sixty-nine with Franny.

Yesy sir, Santy Claus! Vivian darted over to Franny. The pair were on the floor and feasting on each other's pussies in moments, Vivian on top of the MILF. 

I smiled at the sight before I pressed my cock into the bent-over Ana Lucia. My new bimbo-elf gripped her own thighs as she wiggled her rump at me. She stared at me over her shoulder, just so ready to be ass-fucked by me.

I pushed my cock into her butt-crack and found her asshole. She gasped, her brown ears wiggling, as I drilled against her asshole. I pushed on her anal ring. She moaned as I did that. Her backdoor widened slowly to swallow my hard, pussy-lubed cock.

Santy Claus! she moaned, her head tossing. Ooh, ooh, I've never done the butty-sex before. It's a venally sin, but you're Santy Claus, and everything you do is goody good great! So it must be not a sinny sin to do this!

Nope, I said. It's okay to have sex with my other bimbo-elves as well. That's not a sin, too.

Yay! I wanna have lots of sexy fun with Virginia and Franny and Santy Claus and be a puta-elfa and take biggie dicks in my buttyhole! Ay carambaiiii!

Her anal ring widened and swallowed my cock as she squealed out her delight. I groaned, sinking into her asshole. I loved her wonderful anal sheath gripping my cock. It was a wild thrill to have all that hot flesh engulfing me. I sank deeper and deeper into her bowels. It was a delicious thrill to have all that velvety flesh massaging me.

Another hot wife that was mine to fuck. To ass-fuck. I groaned as I sank to the hilt in her bowels. She gasped as she squeezed her asshole around my dick. She wiggled her hips back and forth, stirring her hot sheath around my cock.

Santy Claus! she moaned, my dick throbbing in her bowels. I had every inch in her. That's so goody great! It's such a wondermust Christmasy cheer!

Yay! Vivian moaned, her voice muffled by the hot pussy she devoured. Ooh, ooh, nummy yummy creamy cunty cream!

So yummy! Franny moaned. I lovey your pussy twat oh so muchy! Ooh, ooh, I likey that!

I drew back my dick, sliding out of that tight asshole. I loved how great she felt around me. She had such a hot grip on my dick. It was an amazing rush to have her holding me tight like that. I savored her velvety sheath massaging me.

I thrust back into her bowels, my balls slapping into her taint. They smacked into her flesh. She gasped as I did that. It was a hot delight. I loved fucking into her like that. I pounded her bowels with force. I loved how I fucked into her with everything that I had.

Yes, yes, yes, I growled. Damn, that's good. That's really, really good!

It was so hot to fuck her bowels like that. I pounded her anal sheath with force. She gripped my dick with her hot asshole. I groaned, thrusting to the hilt in her anal sheath again and again. She moaned, her flesh holding me tight.

I loved how she massaged me with her bowels. It was a fantastic rush to have her gripping me like that. She massaged me with her wonderful flesh. I fucked into her with force. She gasped and moaned, her butt-cheeks jiggling.

Santy Claus! she moaned. Ay carambaiiiiiii! You're fuckying my buttyhole so hardy! It's making my coo feel all wet and juicy and drippy and soaky my bush and itch!

Good, I growled and slid my hand around her hips.

I reached across her bunched-up skirt, my fingers rustling through the fur. I found her bush a moment later. She had at thick one. I pushed through her curls to the wet folds of her pussy. I rubbed at her cunt.

She gasped as I found her clit. I stroked her bud, her juices soaking my fingers. Her anal sheath clamped down hard on my thrusting cock. I groaned as I fucked her bowels with hard force. I buried into her anal sheath again and again. 

It was so much fun to have her tight bowels clamping down on me. It was a real delight. I shuddered, her bowels massaging me. My nuts tightened with each thrust into her anal sheath. I loved this hot delight.

Santy Claus! she gasped. I lovey you, Santy Claus! You're biggie dick is so hottie in my buttyhole! And mi cltoris is all a quiver wiver! Yay!

Good, I groaned, massaging her clit with my fingers. I thrust into her asshole, loving how her bowels clenched down on me. Damn, that's good.

So goody great! she whimpered as I polished her pearl. I'm gonna have such a big cummies on your dick! Just bursty with Christmasy cheer, Santy Claus!

Let me feel that happen, I growled as I buried to the hilt in her bowels. I loved the feel of her anal sheath gripping my cock. She held me tight with that wonderful sheath. I shuddered, fucking her asshole with hard strokes. Just let me feel that bursting in you!

Yay, Santy Claus! she moaned as I fucked her bowels.

I pounded her hard and fast. I thrust into her anal sheath with powerful strokes. I loved how she gripped me. She held me tight with her wonderful flesh. It was an exciting rush to pound her bowels with force. I fucked her with all that I had.

I shuddered as her anal sheath gripped my cock. She held me tight. I loved what she did to me. I groaned, savoring the massaging pressure. I hurtled toward my orgasm. Toward that powerful spurt of jizz that would flood her bowels. I rubbed harder at her clit.

Oh, Santy Claus! she moaned, her anal sheath squeezing down on my dick. Ooh, ooh, that's so goody great! I'm gonna cummy hard! Ay carambaiiiii!

Her asshole convulsed around my cock.

I groaned, plowing into her writhing bowels. Her pussy juices gushed out and soaked my fingers rubbing at her clit. I shuddered, the pressure hurtling toward that big burst of bliss. I buried to the hilt in her anal sheath and growled.

Fuck!

I erupted my jizz into her asshole. I flooded her with blast after blast of my cum. It was a hot moment to have her bowels rippling around my spurting dick. I grunted, loving that massaging delight working around my cock.

It was fantastic to spurt my jizz into my bimbo-elf's asshole. The Latina MILF moaned, her bowels suckling at my dick. She nursed at me, working out all that passion. I groaned, my face twisting in delight as I dumped my spunk into her.

Fuck, yes, I groaned as I emptied the last of my jizz into her bowels. That was fucking amazing!

Ooh, ooh, it wasy was! She looked back over her shoulder at me. I lovey you, Santy Claus.

Love you, too, I groaned.

She squealed in delight as my phone beeped with a notification. She spun around and threw her arms around my neck. She kissed me, my beard rubbing on her face. I groaned, my hands shoving up her boob tube to enjoy her big breasts.

The two other bimbo-elves squealed into the other's pussy. They both sounded like they were cumming. Their gasps echoed around Ana Lucia and me. I kissed her, playing with her big tits. They were soft and real.

She broke the kiss and giggled. Santy Claus, your beardy is all scratchy and whiskery. I lovey it!

Me, too, whimpered Franny.

You, do, huh, I said and grabbed my phone, my cock throbbing.

I hadn't gotten another Bimbo Candy Cane, but I had found out what my special reward was.

You have unlocked Level 3 with your third Bimbo Elf. For 1 Bimbo Candy Cane, hot mommies will sit on your lap while the kids go to the playpen! Moms will be eager to enjoy you in any way possible! Bimbo Elves can use the mom's special toy on her while she enjoys you!

Damn, I groaned, staring at it. But it still cost a Bimbo Candy Cane to fuck them. I wanted to fuck them, but... 

I had to wait until I had another Bimbo Candy Cane. So I might as well find a delightful way to pass the time. I smiled at the sight of Franny and Vivian standing up, their faces smeared in pussy cream. I had three bimbo elves to enjoy.

Plenty of ways to kill time.

Well, let's see, I said. Vivian, you can suck my dick clean of Ana Lucia's ass while Franny, you can sit on my face and lick Ana Lucia's asshole clean of my cum.

Yay! squealed Franny. She jumped up and down. Her boob tube popped over her big, fake tits. Those F-cup beauties had such a firmness to them. Such a wonderful shape. Cummies out of her butties! That's so naughty neat!

Yeah, I said, momentarily struck dumb by the words that spilled out of her mouth. These bimbos just sort of... talked nonsense that somehow meant something. Do that.

I stretched out on my back, my dick so hard. Vivian dropped between my thighs and smacked her lips. She grabbed my dirty cock and licked up it. I shuddered at the feel of her tongue sliding up my shaft to the tip. She swirled her tongue around my crown, buffing me clean.

Ooh, I get to make Santy Claus's dick all cleany! the naughty bimbo-elf squealed. Yay!

She swallowed my cock. I groaned as her hot lips sealed around my shaft. She nursed on me as her tongue polished my pole. I groaned, enjoying what she did to me. She suckled on me with passion while the hot wife straddled me, her big tits jiggling over my head. She sat on me so I could stare up her stomach to her fake titties.

Ooh, ooh, Santy Claus is gonna licky my pussy! She planted her married muff on me, her trimmed bush rubbing into my beard. Her sweet cream spilled into my mouth. Yippee me!

I tongued at Franny's sweet cunt as Vivian suckled on my dirty dick. It was a wild delight to have her nursing with such passion. She polished my pole. I enjoyed the view staring up Franny's stomach to her tits swaying.

It got even hotter when the naughty Ana Lucia moved into position. She bent over and thrust out her rump at her fellow hot wife. Franny's pale fingers grabbed Ana Lucia's golden-brown butt-cheeks and parted them.

Yummy cummies! squealed Franny as she buried her face between Ana Lucia's butt-cheeks. 

Franny squirmed her pussy on my face. I tongued her as she licked at the Hispanic bimbo-elf's asshole. This was such a dirty moment to enjoy, especially with that hot mouth working up and down my cock. I loved that hot passion building and building in my nuts.

Vivian suckled hard on my dick. She nursed with passion on my hot cock. It was a thrill to have her suckling on me like that. It was just fantastic. I loved that so much. It was an amazing thrill to have all that pleasure building at the tip of my dick.

Fuck, I growled into Franny's pussy. I thrust my tongue into her pussy.

She moaned into Ana Lucia's butt-crack.

Ooh, ooh, you got your tongue all in my buttyhole! moaned the Hispanic bimbo-elf. Ay carambaiiii! That's so naughty. Ooh, ooh, I lovey it so much! Such a goody puta-elfaiiii!

I flicked my tongue through Franny's married depths. I enjoyed her sweetness as the pressure built and built at the tip of my cock. I was so ready to drown in her pussy juices and flood Vivian's mouth with my hot jizz.

She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my dick. She suckled on me with such passion. I loved how she worked that hot mouth up around down my cock, buffing me clean. I growled into the MILF's pussy.

I flicked my tongue through her folds. I loved her sweetness. I brushed her clit. She moaned into Ana Lucia's pussy. The Latina bimbo-elf moaned, her thick bush dripping with her juices. A bead ran down her inner thigh.

Ooh, ooh, that's so goody naughty, she moaned. You're such a yummy jai-elfa.

You're such a goody and yummy, um... elf, too! gasped Franny as she rubbed her cunt on my face. Her sweetness stained my lips.

I flicked my tongue to her clit. I stroked over her bud, loving the feel of her on my mouth. I stroked over her bud. I suckled on her as hard as Vivian suckled on my cock. Franny moaned, squirming on me.

The pressure grew at the tip of my cock. I hurtled toward that explosive release. I would have a big one. Just a mighty burst of pleasure. I couldn't wait for that pleasure to explode out of me. I groaned as she suckled on me, her tongue dancing around the crown of my cock.

I nibbled on Franny's clit. I suckled on her bud. She gasped, rubbing her curls into my beard. She moaned into Ana Lucia's butthole. The naughty MILF squirmed on my face. She squealed out in delight as her pussy juices gushed out of her pussy.

She drowned me in cunt cream.

I drank her sweetness, loving that flavor. I shuddered, drinking down her delicious juices as Vivian suckled hard on my cock. The pressure at the tip of my dick burst. I grunted and erupted into my barely legal bimbo-elf's mouth.

Fuck, yes! I growled.

Santy Claus! she gasped, squirming on me. She drowned me in her pussy cream.

A hot flood of her cunt cream gushed out of her pussy and soaked my mouth. I loved that delight. I gulped down her flood of juices, drinking them with hunger. I pumped more and more of my jizz into Vivian's mouth, the pleasure firing through me.

I groaned as I pumped the last of my jizz into her mouth. I licked at Franny's twat. I shuddered, the bliss melting through me. I felt amazing, but... I hadn't heard the damn App beep. I still hadn't gotten a Bimbo Candy Cane. No fucking a hot mom.

So I had to have more fun.

Oh, Santy Claus, whimpered Franny as she pulled her face from between Ana Lucia's butt-cheeks. Ooh, ooh, I cleanyed her all upy for you and now I'm all happy!

Good, I groaned. Fuck, get off my mouth. I want to enjoy something else just as delicious.

Yeppers, she moaned and slid off me, leaving me drenched in her pussy cream. My beard dripped with her hot juices. I liked that.

Vivian, stop sucking my dick, I groaned. I need Ana Lucia's pussy wrapped around my cock.
Vivian ripped her mouth off, her blonde hair swaying around her flushed face. Mmm, I lovedy suckying your dick all clean and drinking your Christmasy cheer! So salty! 

I smiled at her as I turned to Ana Lucia. She quivered there, her big boobs jiggling in her top. On your back, slut, legs apart. Santa wants to fuck that married pussy.

Ooh, ooh, that sounds so hoty! squealed the naughty bimbo-elf. She sank to the ground, her legs spread wide. Mi hermosaiii, come fuck me with your big dick! My coo is so wetty wet!

I crawled to Ana Lucia and grinned at her, my cock thrusting down at her. I wanted to slide right into her pussy. I loomed over her. I pushed up her boob tube. Her breasts spilled out. They jiggled from side to side, looking so delicious.

I grabbed her golden-brown tits and squeezed. I loved the feel of them in my hands. She groaned as I did that. I loved how she quivered there, her passion so delicious. She was such a hottie. I wanted to fuck her hard and fast. Just pound her with force.

She grabbed my cock and pushed me into her bush, moaning, Plunge your biggie candy cane into my wetty pussy, Santy Claus! My coo needs all that Christmasy Cheer! Feliz Navidadiiiii!

My cock found the wet folds of her married pussy. I groaned and thrust to the hilt in her cunt. I loved her hot pussy engulfing my cock. That was a hot treat to have her pussy devouring my cock. I groaned as I sank into her pussy. Her hot flesh gripped my dick. She felt so amazing around me. I groaned, savoring sinking into her pussy.

She squeezed down on me. It was hot having her grip me like that. A big smile spread on my lips. Her hot twat gripped me with such hot delight. I groaned as I stared down at her. She wiggled her hips from side to side.

Damn, that's nice, I groaned. Ooh, that's a really good pussy you have.

Gracias, Santy Claus! she purred as I drew back my cock.

Her hot pussy gripped me. Her flesh massaged me. I savored the passion as I thrust back into her cunt. I fucked to the hilt in her pussy. I loved the way she squeezed down on me. That was fantastic. I loved it so much. It was a hot delight to fuck her MILF pussy.

Ana Lucia moaned as I thrust away at her, my pale hands massaging her golden-brown titties. She had such soft breasts. I thumbed over her dark-brown nipples. She gasped, her pussy clenching down on my dick.

Santy Claus! she moaned.

I know, I groaned, hammering her cunt hard and fast. I buried to the hilt in her snatch. It was a fun delight. Just an outstanding passion to have her doing this. Damn, that's good. That's very, very good!

I plowed to the hilt in her snatch. It was fantastic to fuck her twat with my big dick. I buried to the hilt in her again and again. I loved the feeling of her twat around me. She held me as I buried to the hilt in her twat again and again.

Santy Claus and his biggie dickie in my naughty coo! gasped the bimbo-elf. Feliz Navidadiiiii! I lovey this so muchy, Santy Claus!

Me, too, I groaned, slamming hard into her pussy. 

I thrust into her twat over and over again. I loved the feel of her snatch as I fucked into her twat. I buried deep and hard into her pussy, reveling in the passion of this moment. It was such a fun delight to pound into her hard and fast. 

My phone beeped as I slammed into her pussy.

Santy Claus! squealed the sexy Latina bimbo-elf, her ears twitching. Feliz Navidadiiiiii!

Her hot pussy convulsed around my thrusting dick. I grunted as I buried into her hot twat. I plowed to the hilt in her snatch, her moans echoing through the festive tent. My nuts slapped into her taint, the pressure in my balls bursting.

Fuck, yes! I grunted as I erupted

Santy Claus's Christmasy cheer! Ana Lucia gasped, her married pussy writhing around me. 

I spurted my fertile seed into the hot wife's pussy. Flooded her with all that cum. It shot out of me. Spurt after spurt of rapture flooded through my body. I groaned, enjoying every last moment of her twat writhing around me.

I grunted with each blast of cum I fired into her twat. Her pussy rippled around me. I groaned, squeezing her tits. Her legs gripped my hips as she tossed her head. Her passion burst from her. She nursed on me with such passion.

Santy Claus! Santy Claus! Santy Claus! she cried out. I lovey you!

Love you, too, slut! I grunted, pumping my cum into her pussy.

I filled her snatch with my spunk. It was a wonderful bliss. The pleasure flashed through my mind. I grunted with each blast of cum. I flooded her twat that I had in my cunt. It was an incredible delight to have all that pleasure surging through me. 

Shit, shit, shit, I groaned as I fired the last spurt of cum into her. I felt so good. My mind brimmed with

My phone dinged.

I shot my hand out and grabbed it. I unlocked the screen and grinned.

To be continued...
