Title: Anyone for Tennis?



Summary: Tom and Fiona lost the match, but he won his mum... 



Keywords: inc,fic


When I first realized that, sexually, my mother was a very desirable woman with all those attributes a young man could ever wish for, and not just my 'Mum', it didn't dawn on me gradually, but rather it hit me, literally, straight between the eyes. 

The occasion was Mum's old college friend, Nancy, paying us a visit together with her American husband, Ray. Fiona and Nancy hadn't seen each other in years now that she lived stateside, even though they were in constant touch through Facebook, exchanging news, gossip and, I don't know, recipes? 

I drove Mum to the airport to meet them when they arrived, and I stood with her, surveying the crowd, when I heard a high-pitched screech of delight, 

"Feeeeeeeee...!!" 

I turned to see this blond-haired, low-cut crimson-dressed fashion model type, with waving arms swinging manically through the air, trying to gallop out of the Arrivals Hall towards my mum but being restricted as she was by her combination of extremely high heels and her tight, tight dress. The male contingent of the Arrivals Hall stood momentarily transfixed in their appreciation. 

"Nanceeeeeee...!!" 

The gesticulations were reciprocated by my mum far more efficiently since her dress was much looser and her heels a lot lower. The two of them seemed to meet like a pair of car-crash dummies and the volition pressed each one into the other, threw their arms around each other and mashed their full breasts upwards and backwards into their chests. They hugged, they laughed and they kissed and they kissed some more. 

I know, looking back, that I should have realized far more quickly that my mum was desirable. I mean, I was standing there with open mouth taking in the lusciousness of her friend Nancy without it occurring to me that they'd shared a dorm at college together for a couple of years before Mum had dropped out to have me, and so they were both about the same age. 

Over Nancy's shoulder I saw behind their overladen luggage trolley the athletic figure of husband Ray, the epitome of what we British used to think of as American before we were exposed to movies like 'Super-Size Me' - he was tall, tanned, muscular, blond of hair and white of tooth - and he was apparently very successful in the company he'd helped to found. 

Coming around the trolley, he enthusiastically embraced and kissed my mum. Then I was introduced. 

"Tom, hey, man, how's it going?" and my hand was enclosed in this bone-crushing grip. I hated Ray already. 

But I so didn't hate Nancy. My hand was taken and I was pulled in towards her perfumed chest. And a kiss was placed on each cheek. 

"My, you're a handsome lad! Fee, I think the last picture you sent me of Tom, he must have had freckles all over his face and was paddling around bare-assed in the sea with his bucket and spade... but this, mmm, this is something entirely different!"

She held me at arm's length and looked me over appraisingly from top to bottom. I felt that her eyes lingered momentarily on my crotch in passing, but, yeah, that was probably just my infatuation. 

The small talk flowed easily between us as we led them out and we were already all smiles and laughter. Ray's gleaming teeth seemed to be making steady inroads into my mother's affections as she looked alternately from the one, her long-lost friend, back to the other, this walking ad for kicking sand over beach-bum losers. 

They had insisted on staying at a hotel in the city centre during their visit because our house was relatively small - it might have been OK for a couple of nights, but it would have been a squash - but as I followed Ray and the two women from the hall out onto the concourse and I eyed the spring-laden ass of Nancy in front of me, I thought that a squash might not have been a bad idea at all. 

And they weren't staying at just any hotel, oh no - it was the flashiest one in town equipped with swimming pool, gym, sauna and tennis courts. This had been the deciding factor for Ray who, apparently, followed a strict regimen in order to look the way he did - It seems those looks came at a price but, what the hell, they were floating on money, as I found out when we rolled up to the hotel entrance. A valet sprang out of nowhere to take care of the luggage and his smile didn't even flicker when faced with the impressive number of suitcases that faced him on opening the rear hatch of the car. Yet another insisted on whisking the car away from us and disappearing with it round the corner. 

Inside, the hotel oozed opulence. Definitely not one of those places where the floor carpeting turns threadbare the moment you reach the first landing. On the drive over, Ray had said he wanted to get a taste of the real England, so it occurred to me that if that's what he wanted, then maybe they should go live at our house while we could 'suffer' the hotel. 

Anyway, we saw them settled in and arranged to meet at our's later for one of Mum's home-cooked meals and then we left them to their own devices. The valet seemed a bit miffed that he had to go back and bring out the car he'd only stowed away a quarter of an hour before, but I was still more miffed when I found we were expected to tip him - and we weren't even staying there...! 

Back home, Mum put the finishing touches to one of her special Italian dishes, while I busied myself with setting out the table. Then all was ready and Mum just had to go upstairs to change into something more suitable. Had she felt a little dowdy opposite the fabulously dressed Nancy? Or was it what I suspected, that she wanted to impress Ray? Whatever the reason, when she came back downstairs it was a transformation. 

She'd now gained several inches in height with her new choice of sling-back heels, her hair which had been tied back now hung in gentle waves down over her shoulders, and - and her shoulders were bare except for the spaghetti straps of a clinging black dress that plunged dramatically at the front and displayed the demi-globes and aspects of the inner chasm between her breasts to full advantage. But to whose advantage? 

I had no time to take this all in or even wonder whether I should be taking it all in because at that moment a flash of headlights through the window announced the arrival of our guests' taxi. I threw Mum a reassuring smile as she tugged at the bottom hem of her dress which seemed to insist on riding up, and hurried to open the door to greet Nancy. Well, OK then, Ray and Nancy... 

Nancy didn't disappoint. If Mum's cleavage had been a ski slope, then it was one for beginners. Nancy's, in comparison, was the large hill ski jump, with her silky cream dress holding on to her breasts purely by virtue of the thin halter neck. I would have loved to take a step back to observe the whole thing, but I was again grabbed and pulled to her chest and given a large kiss, this time on the mouth. 

"Mmm, yummy, can't get enough of you. There you go, Tom, stick that in the cooler." she meant the bottle of wine which she thrust into my hand, but I thought maybe I should join it there as well, such was the effect of Nancy's kiss. I'd just been given my first boner of the evening. 

It was the first of many, because sitting across from her at the dining table I was afforded tantalizing glimpses now and then of extra reaches of her buoyant breasts as she stretched across for the salad bowl, as she turned to touch Ray on the arm, as she leant over to caress Fiona's forearm when telling her something funny. She smiled each time she caught my eye roaming. So it's safe to say I was probably stiff for the duration of the meal. 

Afterwards, Ray and I sat finishing off our first bottle of wine while Nancy and Fiona went out to the kitchen to wash up and catch up on more personal stuff, girly-type stuff I suppose. Ray casually interrogated me as to whether I enjoyed sport, apparently a favorite subject of his. When I told him I played rugby at college he was at a bit of a loss as to the rules, so I casually mentioned it was a bit like American football but without all the timeouts and without any of the protective padding. I also added that usually an ambulance was put on standby for the game, and it was considered dull if at least one player wasn't rushed off to casualty in the middle of it. He accepted my sly dig with equanimity, and asked if I played tennis, since he liked to get a few sets in once a day to keep the muscles toned. Apparently tennis courts were basic requirements in American homes. He said he would usually play against Nancy, but he was bored with winning all the time. 

"You should play against my mum, she loves tennis, and she's good. I'm afraid my level's probably like Nancy's, and you'd wipe the floor with me..." So I gave him that one. It was one-all in our unspoken game of one-upmanship. 

"Let me just go get us a refill." I indicated the bottle we'd drained and took it out to the kitchen to find Mum and Nancy standing together in a very, very close embrace. 

They drew apart, smiling, with no sense of embarrassment, and the two of them looked me over, both of them glancing, for some reason, at my crotch. Had Nancy been telling Mum how she'd managed to get an instant reaction from me and that at their age they were still well capable of seducing lads like me? I stuttered something about the wine and turned and bent down into the fridge. Something told me the two of them were taking in my ass as I did this, so in a perverse moment I squatted down by the fridge door and was aware I was presenting them a view of my builder's crack. I took a bottle out and turned just as Nancy was nudging my mum in the ribs, the two of them grinning widely. I took the screw and deftly started to uncork the bottle. Nancy stroked my arm muscles appreciatively and purred, 

"Mmm, you're so strong..." 

"Nancy, now stop it! Look, you've got him blushing all over, poor lad..!" 

And they closed in on me from either side, Nancy's pneumatic breast pushing into me from the right while Mum's pushed in from the left. They stroked my hair and arms and actually cooed. 

"He's very much like Alan, don't you think, Nance?" 

"Mmm, you're so right, and if he's got all of Alan's, umm, attributes, then he's probably got all the girls begging as well, just like we used to beg, remember?...so, has he?" 

I'd heard of Alan. Were they talking of the Alan who'd impregnated my mum and then went off on a gap year from which he never returned? People reckoned he'd gone native in the Far East and that that accounted for most of the population explosion over there. It certainly accounted for why I'd never known my father. 

Mum looked at me, cupping her chin in one hand, "Well I THINK he's probably built like Alan, but you know how it is, when they reach puberty they get a bit shy about their tackle..." 

Mum was really teasing me...I think... I raised the bottle. "The wine, remember?" 

Like a gentleman, I held the kitchen door open for them, but they laughed and insisted I went through first. I felt their eyes undressing me as I did so. 

Back at the table, Ray mentioned that we'd been talking about tennis and how I'd told him that Mum was quite a decent player. 

"So how about, tomorrow, the two of you come over to the hotel before lunch and we'll set up a game of doubles to give us an appetite?" 

He looked at each of us expectantly, one eyebrow raised. The thought of Nancy in a short tennis skirt made my decision a no-brainer. Mum said she was a bit out of practice, but she was also up for it. 

The decision made, we downed the second bottle. There might have been a third as well, or even a fourth, it was flowing just as freely as the conversation. 

During that conversation I discovered that Ray's money had been made on a whim. His family had already been fairly well-off when an old college mate of his had had an idea for some app on the internet. Ray had financed the development of it on condition that they went halves on any profit, and when it was sold on to a major company, he suddenly found he was loaded down with serious wealth. He himself knew nothing about the ins and outs of cyberspace, so while maintaining a nominal directorship he took the money, reinvested most of it and he and Nancy lived comfortably from what rolled in. 

So he didn't actually do any work per se, he just dabbled in things when they happened to come his way and take his fancy. So were his fingers about to dabble in my mum? Was my mum taking his fancy? 

Perhaps. I mean, I guess Nancy must have told him a bit about Fiona. After all, they'd been friends at college. My mind went back to what I'd interrupted and seen when I went into the kitchen... mmm, apparently, very good friends... 

The wine had succeeded in loosening my tongue and my inherent shyness in front of strangers had disappeared along with it, and maybe that's why the evening had rolled along so successfully. So, as we cleared things away after our guests had left, I casually threw out the question, 

"So, Mum, how good friends were you and Nancy in college then...?" 

Fiona stopped what she was doing and pondered the question with a smile on her face. 

"Ooh, Tom, aha... at that age, well, your age, I suppose, everyone likes to experiment, you know?... expand their sensations, get to know what it's like to try, well...everything, really... just to see if you might like it..." She didn't seem to be saying this directly to me. She was, rather, staring vacantly into space, reminiscing. 

"...all those new experiences and discovering parts of you that you didn't know could be excited like that..." She hugged herself pleasantly. 

"So you and Nancy...?" Did I dare complete the sentence? I didn't need to. 

"Haha... Nancy was and she still is. I think she actually only fully realized it when we shared a dorm room together... a dorm room can be so cramped you know? Well, you do know, of course... and first thing in the morning and last thing at night the two of you are lounging around on the bed in just your underwear, telling each other stories about your own experiences, just for fun, just to see if you could get them jealous or aroused..." 

Mum's reminiscences seemed to be in full swing now, so I dutifully kept silent. 

"Mine certainly got her aroused...I had good old Alan to thank for that...and I didn't scrimp on the details either...I was serving up some of the juicier bits when it dawned on me that in the meantime she'd come across to lie there with me on my bed and was egging me on to tell her more, more... had he touched me here?... had he licked me across that bit? Which bit?... she'd stroked across my lower belly to show me just where...ooh, it was so nice, that..." 

Fiona suddenly seemed to notice that she had been rambling on a bit to me, her son, and so she abruptly stopped. 

"Anyway, you don't want to know about all that..." 

But I do! I do...! 

"It was so long ago..." 

So? This was with Nancy...tell me more! 

"Anyway, it's late and I'm off to bed. Could you unzip me?" and she turned her back towards me and lifted her hair away from the fastening at the back of her dress. I lowered the zip as far as, I guess, just above the line of her panties, and this exposed the thin line of the black strapless bra across her smooth back. She released her hair and held the dress to her chest as she turned back to me and kissed me on the cheek. 

"Thanks, Tom. Get some sleep, we've got to thrash them at tennis tomorrow. National pride and all that..." 

And she turned on her heel and started up the stairs. My last view of her was her gorgeously smooth back and a glimpse of her flimsy black panties beneath that hem which at some point in the evening she'd given up trying to control... 

The next morning we drove over to the hotel to find Ray and Nancy waiting for us in the reception, already decked out in full tennis gear. Nancy's was everything I'd masturbated to the night before - a very tight top outlining her nipples and the exact curves of her sports bra above which her breasts thrust out magnificently, and her pleated skirt only just managing to cover her ass. Her hair was pulled back into a ponytail, held in place by a silk scarf. Shimmering earrings danced from her lobes as she jumped up and hugged me like a long-lost castaway. I could certainly get used to this. 

She escorted Mum to the ladies' changing room while Ray pointed out the one for the guys. It didn't take me long to change. After all, another T-shirt, white shorts, a pair of socks and trainers and I was ready. Mum, however, seemed to take an age. 

"They're probably just catching up again," sighed Ray, noting my impatience. 

And that's when it dawned on me that I could never ever have any chance with Nancy. She just wasn't interested in guys. And suddenly, a different light was shed on what they were up to in that dressing room. Likewise, I guessed Ray would never have any chance with my mum either... 

But Mum wasn't lesbian, I was sure of that. Over the years she'd had, and enjoyed having in the best sense, quite a few boyfriends and had grown fairly attached to a couple of them before finding out that one was already married and the other was cheating on her behind her back. I supposed something like that might drive someone back into the arms of a former lover...had she been her lover?... and now I was totally confused. Was Nancy's marriage to Ray just one of convenience? And if it was, what did that make Ray? 

Nancy and Fiona strolled out onto the court, nudging each other's shoulders and laughing at something Mum had said. To say that they were relaxed in each other's company was to understate the case. 

After knocking the balls around for a while to loosen up, we eventually started the game. Ray had a very powerful serve and Nancy at one point felt she had to remind him that this was only a friendly match and to keep his fetish for winning under control. But all-in-all it was very even. Mum seemed just as competitive as Ray, and I managed to control my impulse to stare down Nancy's top every time she approached the net and crouched, waiting for Ray to serve. She kept smiling at me. She knew how much was on show. Talk about gamesmanship... 

That's when it hit me, literally. 

I was facing Ray's serve and we were at break point. The determination was evident in Ray's face, and Nancy was upping her gamesmanship by crouching even lower opposite me on the other side of the net and jiggling her tits. I averted my eyes in order to concentrate, but as I did so I swivelled them further than I'd intended. There in front of me, just off-centre to Ray serving, my mum was crouching just as low as Nancy, her legs spread far apart and her butt swinging lazily from side to side. Her snow-white panties had ridden up into the crack of her ass and it was as though she was waiting to be taken, doggie-style. 

I should have, but I couldn't take my eyes off that marvelous sight. My mum's ass was truly magnificent and delicious and... 

Apparently that's when the ball from Ray's serve hit me straight between the eyes. Ray had aced it. And I was out for the count. 

As I came to, it was to find my head being supported by a folded towel, and four gorgeous smooth breasts dangling in the air close above my eyeballs. Ray had apparently run off to find the hotel doctor. I tried to mumble something but was shushed by Mum, who stroked my hair away from my face. 

"Just lie still, we're seeing to you, love..." 

In a half-whisper, Nancy had added, "Well, if we're seeing to him... you remember, Alan..?" and I think maybe she'd nodded down towards my crotch. 

"Nancy..! How can you think of something like that at a time like this..?!" 

"What? Come on, we're alone, no-one can see us...go on, just a quick peek before Ray comes back...please?" 

"Ohhh...oh, alright then..." 

And I felt the cool air down below as I think it was Mum who stretched the elastic of my shorts and boxers away from my stomach. 

"Wow..." 

"Wowsie-wow..." 

"Alan and a half..." 

"Alan plus plus..." 

"Alan deluxe..." 

The elastic snapped back into place with a twang as I heard the approaching footsteps of Ray and the doctor. 

It was decided there was no lasting damage, though to be on the safe side they should take me up to Ray and Nancy's suite, where the doctor would look in on me again, later. 

Ray decided that he still had weights to press before lunch, and Nancy went off to find if their room service stretched to non-residents too, leaving Mum to set about getting me showered and changed. Looking in the full mirror I saw this huge crimson spot above the bridge of my nose and knew it was going to be painful for quite some time. We were both still in our tennis gear while Mum set about gauging the temperature of the shower - it was either the shower or the Jacuzzi, and Mum laughingly said that Jacuzzis are for when you have special friends over. 

"Come on, get your gear off and get in the shower, you'll feel a lot better..." and she proceeded to lift my shirt over my head and pulled my shoes and socks off my feet. I stood there like I was incapable and let her get on with it. Then I was down to just my shorts and boxers, and still I didn't move, so Mum tutted and yanked them down to my ankles. I stepped out of them and walked into the shower and simply stood there facing the wall, the water cascading over my head. It wasn't that I couldn't move, it was rather that I'd suddenly been overtaken by this flood of new feelings and realizations towards Fiona. Pictures flashed through my mind of how beautiful she was and how I'd never really seen it until now, in all ways and not just physically...there were so many other things. I loved her insecurities, like when her dress had risen up...I loved the way her face lit up when she was happy, the sparkle in her eyes like when she'd first caught sight of Nancy in the airport...her smooth back as I'd helped her unzip the dress... and of course that bullet to the brain during the tennis match. 

I heard Mum let out a sigh again behind me and before I knew it she was reaching in and lathering soap all over me. 

"Turn round, I can't reach..." 

I turned and saw that the water was also splashing over Mum, and her hair and tennis outfit were also getting drenched. Reaching out my hands and pulling her in towards me seemed such a natural thing to do, and she didn't resist, rather she giggled and began to soap me further down, juggling across my balls and along the length of my shaft. She was tight up close to me and, taking more soap, she reached around and, after soaping my back, began to massage it over my ass cheeks and along the length of my crack. She was smiling up into my face just as I was smiling down into hers, taking in all the loveliness that was there, the water from my chin and nose rolling off and down across her cheek. Then she was on her tiptoes and kissing me. My dick was rock hard between us and was pressing urgently into her stomach. She returned to a standing position, but then was on her tiptoes again, then down and then again on tiptoe. She was wanking me off with her belly. 

I took hold of the bottom of her tennis vest and drew it up over her head, throwing it to one side. Then I took the button and zip at the side of her short pleated skirt and released that too. She half-turned in order to help me, stepped out of it and was left in just her matching white bra and panties, both of them now totally transparent. 

"Ah, what the hell..." She herself reached round and unhooked her bra and swept off her flimsy panties in one smooth motion. Then she was back in my arms, hers linking round my neck, and kissing me, then she was licking on my ear, chewing at the lobe. I tilted my mouth to her neck and she arched her head backwards to give me free access and I nibbled and sucked at her, eliciting guttural sounds from her throat which vibrated between my lips. My hands roamed freely over her familiar but oh-so-new curves, squeezing and caressing 

She drew her upper body away then, and in the valley between her breasts I could look down and see my dick wedged firmly upright between us. Fiona gazed down at it, raised her eyes to me, smiled evilly and athletically she jumped up, her hands still around my neck, and locked her legs tightly around my waist. Then she was sliding down over my hips, wiggling from side to side until her ass had centred itself over my cock... I felt the tip meet the soft lips of her cunt. With very little pressure they slid open. I raised myself up and she slid further down, and there she was, impaled to the hilt, the inside of her cunt feeling hotter and more slippery than the water that was flowing over us. We rested like that for a moment, possibly lost in the complete wonder of it. 

There was a short rap on the bathroom door. 

"You two OK in there? I've just been down and arranged for them to bring lunch up to us. Umm, take your time..." 

"Yes, Tom, do take your time..." Fiona whispered into my ear. 

I did. At least I did to begin with. I leant her back against the wall and gently began rhythmical thrusts, backwards and forwards, each forward push eliciting something between a sigh and a gasp from Fiona's lips. Our eyes were locked on one another. Then we were taking up the rhythm and Fiona was bouncing her ass up and down just as energetically as I was throwing myself up into her. I felt myself losing control and I was now pumping her for all I was worth. In that incredible increased blur of motion the two of us came together, straining into one another, she was scratching at my shoulders, biting into my neck and I was spurting hot streams into her while her legs clenched round me in her own rapturous orgasm. I kept her suspended there while I kissed every bit of her I could reach with my mouth, my teeth, my tongue...then we were just pressing into one another, enjoying the slithery contact of each other's flesh, the unfamiliar view of things previously always covered... 

Fiona released the stranglehold she had on my waist and slipped to the floor, my dick reluctantly sliding out of her. We kissed affectionately. 

There was another rap on the door. Fiona sighed. 

"Okay Nance, don't get your knickers in a twist, we're almost, umm, done..." 

Mum turned off the shower and we stood observing each other, smiling. She stroked my cheek and looked down at my still half-stiff rod and made a silent 'yum' while licking her lips and stroking its length. I for my part cupped her beautiful breasts and caressed in wonder across her aroused nipples with my thumbs. Then in unison we both sighed, laughed at the coincidence, and stepped out of the shower. We dried one another off...it didn't occur to us to take the towels to our own bodies...and wrapped ourselves in those matching fluffy toweling robes the hotel had provided before walking out to face Nancy who was waiting with arms crossed. 

"The... Jacuzzi was nice?" 

"Shower..." 

"Aha...so I guess...? 

"Yeah, soaking wet..." 

Another 'aha', and she phoned down to the gym and asked Ray to pick our things up from the changing rooms on his way back up. 

In the meantime I'd crossed the room and ensconced myself into one of the sofas opposite Fiona and Nancy. The two of them sat down together and were now eying me speculatively. 

There was a short silence which was in danger of becoming a long silence. 

"So, this Alan fellow sounds interesting..." 

The two of them exploded in laughter. 

"Yeah, you could say that...ah, you've got a lot to thank Alan for, Tom... for being here, for one thing..." 

Nancy added, "That was partly my fault as well I think, though, wasn't it, Fee?... mea culpa...?" She presented an enquiring look to Fiona. 

"...well we can't be sure..." 

"...no... one of those things you can put a claim in for or against..." 

Me: "I'm getting confused." 

"So you should. The moment of your conception was, ah, let's see, a confusing couple of minutes...I'm guessing you've gathered by now that your mum and I had a 'thing' going...?" 

"Nancy! We decided we wouldn't tell...!" Fiona exclaimed with an obviously pseudo look of shock on her face. 

Fiona and Nancy sat very close together - shoulder-to-shoulder, in fact - on their own sofa opposite. Nancy's fingers went round the back of Fiona's head and began to stroke through her hair. 

"But he's got to know sometime, Fee...he's said himself he's confused, so let's put him straight. Here it is: Tom, I seduced your mum." 

Mum's mouth opened wide as she searched for a response. 

"You did not! I knew about you all the time and I brought you out...! It was me, I made all the moves..." 

"Maybe, whatever... Tom you're looking pale... except of course for that big flower in the middle of your head, ha-ha... you okay?" 

I nodded blankly. 

"Well anyway, Fee here was having it off with Alan at the time. I didn't want to break them up 'cause I knew that she," sigh... " wasn't into me in the same way I was into her, so..." 

"So we 'accidently' arranged a threesome..." 

I do believe my mouth was now gaping wide open. 

"...and it was lovely, it really was. Everybody was getting bits of everybody else and I could engage your mum without coming out openly..." 

Mum: "The trouble was..." 

Nancy: "Yes. The trouble was, Alan got so excited he came inside Fee before managing to pull out properly. He'd thought he'd be real macho and spurt it all over our faces, but most of it landed inside your mum. He didn't really care at the time and changed position so he could keep coming over her tits, while I attempted to save the day by sucking out what he'd left inside of her..." 

I'm sure my jaw was by now resting on the floor. 

"...there I was, being a good girl, lapping it all up, but I think when I pushed my tongue in to scoop it out, well, I probably only managed to push most of it further inside..." 

"Bottom line, we think it was Nancy who managed to inseminate me..." 

"...like one of those vets down on the farm..." 

They both burst out laughing again. And then they were mooing like a pair of cows. I for my part was left dumbstruck. 

Then the door opened and Ray came in, the perspiration glistening on his forehead. 

"Phew, that was a good workout, they've got some good equipment down there. Good instructors as well... oh, here's your stuff. I'm just going for a shower then I'll be ready for lunch." He took in the two toweling robes we were wearing. "Hope there's a spare robe left for me..." 

He went into the shower. Through the door, we heard him say, "So when was the tsunami?" 

As he was showering, there was a tap at the door, and our lunch was wheeled in by two efficient maids and set up at the table. I was still wondering at the size of their suite and the fact that it even had a dining table - I mean, when Mum and I went on holiday, we talked about the kind of hotel room where you changed TV channels with your foot from the bed, and not this, this transplanted mansion. One of the maids told Nancy that their hire car had just arrived as well and that they could sign out for it at reception. 

"Well, this ought to be fun," smiled Nancy, "Ray's never driven on the left before. He says that why he'll never go to Canada..." 

We looked at her blankly. 

"An in-joke, ah well... and me, I've not driven since I left the country. So, you two dare to come for a ride with us afterwards? See the sights?" 

We flustered and blustered, but yeah, of course, why not? But we were patently nervous. That largely disappeared though when we followed them down later to the lobby to find a glistening late-model Beemer convertible waiting for us out on the forecourt. 

Ray, being the alpha male that he was, took charge of the key, operated the lock from a distance and immediately proceeded to get in on the passenger side. The rest of us stood back and grinned. After a second, the door opened again, Ray got out and, without a glimmer of acknowledgement, walked round the front and got in once more, this time into the driver's seat. 

Out the window: "You lot coming, or what?" 

Luckily the car was completely automatic, so at least he didn't have the hassle of changing gears. Slowly, and I don't think this model of Beemer had ever been driven so slowly, we edged out into the traffic, Nancy up front with Ray. Nancy seemed to me to be gripping her side of the dashboard very tightly, because her crimson fingernails were leaving some deep indentations in the leather. 

I was glad I was in the back-seat, and not just because I happened to find myself cuddling up there with Fiona either. Up front, Nancy seemed to be ducking and covering her eyes constantly, emitting tiny little squeaks of terror. I do believe she was in danger of pissing herself. I think her actions were certainly pissing Ray off. 

In the back though, I reached across and held on to Mum's hand, squeezing it reassuringly because of a shared sense of danger, and also...because I wanted to. My other arm went across the back of the seat and drew her close in. I rubbed up and down her shoulder and her fingers came up to stroke my hand. If I died now I'd die happy. 

A few more screeches and some swearing from the front persuaded me that dying might actually be unavoidable in the very near future, so reluctantly I piped up from where I was and told Ray to pull over at the next layby. Without voicing any doubt over his right as the alpha male to drive us all to our deaths, I suggested that maybe I get in the front with him, just until he got accustomed to the roads, since I was the driver with the most experience...over here! On British roads! Ray definitely had the most experience on roads in the States, yes... 

We got out and adjusted our seating arrangements. I'd intended being brave and letting Ray continue to drive with me as his wingman, but he also got out and moved round to the front passenger side - he was going to let me pilot the plane. Fair enough - a Beemer, wow... 

I settled into the luxurious seat which I electronically adjusted to my size, tapped a few co-ordinates into the Waze navigation app, lowered the top since it was a glorious day, flicked it into drive and with a satisfying scrunch of gravel, tapped onto the gas pedal and found myself very, very quickly in the fast lane...again, wow... 

Unlike before when those in the front had no time at all to observe what was going on behind them for fear of losing control, I obeyed my old driving instructor's directions and glanced frequently in the rear-view mirror. Fiona's and Nancy's heads were touching. Their hands were at each other's faces, they were kissing. Fiona broke it off first, smiling, caressed Nancy's cheek, turned her head to catch me gawping, and she winked... 

We were now into narrow country lanes, and I didn't want to tell them that the dangers we'd faced previously were still ever-present, due to my spending just as much time staring into the back seat as I did driving. The women's hands had now disappeared into each other's blouses. Through Fiona's, I could see that Nancy had wormed her hand underneath her bra, levered it up and was massaging my mum's tits. Fiona for her part seemed to have lost her hand somewhere round Nancy's waist. I think she might have been delving into her panties. I adjusted the rear-view downwards...yes, she was... 

By now we were well into rural English countryside - green meadows dotted with sheep, cows, horses, and every now and then we passed through quaint villages which seemed to be cocooned in some nineteenth-century time-warp. Pulling over a particularly beautiful rise which gave out onto a panoramic view of the landscape, I swung the car off the road and switched off the engine. We were momentarily lost in admiration of the view. 

I'd already indicated to Mum that I was going to stop, so by the time Ray turned round in his seat to exclaim, "Hey, Fiona, you Brits have got just the quaintest countryside here..." the two had adjusted their clothing and were sitting politely apart. 

"Mmm, you're right, Ray, we're so lucky..." Mum smilingly agreed... 

We got out to stretch our legs and to stroll along the meadow. Ray strode slightly ahead of us, taking in the scenery while behind, Nancy and Fiona pressed in on either side of me, holding each other's hand behind me and also taking a few seconds to stroke up and down the length of my back and across my ass... was that Nancy or Fiona...or both? It must have been Fiona, mustn't it, I mean Nancy wasn't into guys... but I did remember her saying Alan had made her beg for it...and I was supposed to be 'Alan Deluxe', so... 

Ray turned back towards us and the two women relinquished their hold. 

'So, what about this pub you mentioned, Tom? You say we should make for there? I mean I can't go home and tell them I've not been to a typical English pub..." 

"Well it's a sort of pub, but they lay on gigs there and they've got a couple of tribute bands appearing tonight...it's on our way back and just under an hour's drive if I only tickle the gas pedal. We can have some pub grub..." Ray looked confused at that, "... and take in the show, there'll be dancing and stuff..." 

"Sounds great, let's do it." 

So we all piled back in. I recalibrated the co-ordinates, and because it was turning to dusk and getting cool, I closed the top and it now became very cozy inside the car. Glancing back I saw in their smiles that Fiona and Nancy thought so too. 

On this stretch I paid far more attention to the road due to Ray's small-talk and the fact that it was fairly dark in the back seat, severely limiting my voyeuristic tendencies. We made good time to the pub, but it was already totally dark by the time we arrived and the indistinct bass rhythm of the music was already penetrating the air. I thought Ray would be happy to tell his mates about this place, originally an eighteenth century turnpike roadhouse but extensively expanded whilst still keeping most of its character. The dance venue was out back, discreetly camouflaged from the road and blending in with the scenery. The timbered ceilings and antique furnishings, some original and others not so much, all received the accolade of 'quaint' from Ray and he was ecstatic about the whole atmosphere and the piping-hot food served along with 'Real Ale'. 

The music by this time seemed to be getting louder and so, instead of just sitting there tapping our fingers along to the beat, we decided the gig was now in full swing and moved on through to the venue. I assured Ray that there was a bar there too. 

This was a totally different atmosphere - the music, a lot from the late 'sixties, 'seventies and 'eighties, was being lapped up by the audience, mostly of my mum's age but with a spattering of younger people too, and they were an enthusiastic, gyrating mass in the middle of the floor. Dances I'd not actually seen performed live before were being played out eagerly in front of my eyes. Rock 'n Roll and some version of the Twist seemed to be firm favorites and we were sucked into the middle and were soon bopping along with the best of them. Fiona and Nancy were in their element here and were like a couple of teenaged school-kids down Memory Lane. 

They even managed to exhaust Ray and myself and the two of us retreated to a table on the sidelines from where we could keep a watch over them. Not taking his eyes off the dance-floor, Ray leant over to me and said he could easily get used to this stuff... 

"Stuff..?" 

"Yeah, you know, the dancing. It's a much better way of keeping in shape than going to the gym, and..." he surveyed the gyrating bodies, "...the scenery's a lot better too..." 

He also mentioned to me that, by the way, he'd be away for a couple of days from tomorrow, since he was jumping down to London to check out a couple of investment opportunities. 

"I know I'm not the best driver on Brit roads..." I raised an eyebrow which he acknowledged with a resigned shrug of his shoulders and an 'eh', "so maybe I'll leave the car with you and you can take care of the ladies while I'm gone...?" I hesitated. "...but only if you want to, of course..." 

I hesitated again, "Okay that might be fun..." My dick certainly thought it might be fun, And just then Nancy raced off the dance-floor, grabbed her husband's jacket off him and ran back out, over her shoulder giggling, "We haven't got our handbags..!" 

Out on the floor, she dumped Ray's jacket unceremoniously in a heap between herself and Fiona and the two of them pranced around it like in the old pictures where flocks of teenage girls would dance together around their handbags before being picked off one by one by potential Romeos. Fiona and Nancy weren't waiting for any suitors though and they waved us back out onto the floor to join them. Then suddenly, perfect timing on their part, the music had turned to a slow. I found myself at that moment close by my Mum and she grabbed hold of my hand and pulled me in. I encircled her waist while she drooped her arms over my shoulders, her head into the fold of my neck and her chest and lower body firmly up against mine. I breathed in her scent. I let my cheek swim through her hair. I allowed my hands to squeeze her waist gently...and I didn't tread on her toes. 

She pulled her face away, still holding me round the neck and smiled up at me. "Did you mind, you know, me and Nancy?" 

"No Fee. I can see the two of you have some kind of special relationship going..." 

"You called me 'Fee' Tom... I think I like that... by the way, the Special Relationship is an arrangement between the British and US governments..." she paused. "Mmm, so I guess it does relate after all, ha-ha..." 

"By the way, Ray told me earlier that he's off down to London tomorrow and he's left me strict instructions to look after you two..." 

Fiona stopped dancing abruptly. 

By chance the song also came to an end at that moment and she immediately released me, strode across to Nancy and took her by the hand, shouting over her shoulder as she dragged her away that they were both just off to the loo. 

Ray scooped up his jacket and the two of us headed over to the bar. Since I was driving I just had a Coke, while Ray seemed to have acquired a taste for our Real Ale which he quaffed in large gulps. 

"Wow, it gives you a thirst, all that dancing... Nance and I haven't done that in a long time... I can see she's really enjoying herself here, so I'm happy as well - thanks, Tom." And he gave me a friendly slap on the back. I was warming to him. 

The ladies came back in and both Nancy and Fiona were beaming. They pulled us straight back out onto the dance-floor, Ray just managing to down the last of his beer as Nancy dragged him away. We took the opportunity to switch partners for a couple of numbers, during which in the middle of one particularly bouncy item Nancy showed me just how very bouncy she could be. And she didn't take her eyes off me. But when the next slow came up, I found myself back in Fiona's arms. She brought her mouth around to my ear and whispered, 

"You remember this morning when I said the Jacuzzi's reserved for when you have special guests over?" 

I nodded, "Uhuh..." 

"Well, Nancy wants to know if we can be her special guests tomorrow..." 

I looked across to Nancy and Ray. They were also dancing arm-in-arm but she was watching me over his shoulder and making slow circles around her lips with her long, slick tongue...



pics---->> http://bit.ly/1D1q3qp 