Julie's Next Summer

Julie's next summer part 4
by Revengedpirate

At 4:30 pm Ms. Peters returned.

"Haven't you humiliated me enough for one day, you bitch?" Said Julie.

"I actually bought you, your dinner, and these new rules. I'll leave and let you eat. Learn them, and get acquainted with them, They'll be here for a long time yet." Said, Ms. Peters, putting a tray down on Julie's dresser.

Ms. Peters then pinned a notice on the back of Julie's door.

"Good night Little Girl, I'll see you at 7 am sharp." Said Ms. Peters leaving the naked Julie alone.

Julie waited for a few minutes before going over to her dresser and starting to eat, the meal, Ms. Peters had provided. It turned out that Ms. Peters was a pretty good cook. Julie couldn't stay mad at someone who cooked like that. It took twenty minutes for Julie to clear her plate. Julie then realized she had nothing better to do than read the notice Ms. Peters had put on her door. It was a list of rules she had to follow and her next day's itinerary. It read like this;

Julie's rules
1) Julie will not swear at anyone.
2) Julie will address everyone in a polite manner, using "yes sir/madam."
3) Julie will courtesy every time someone enters her room.
4) Julie will not leave her room unless accompanied by an adult.
5) Julie will obey EVERY command that is given to her.
6) Julie will say please and thank you.
7) Julie will wear her collar at all times.
8) Julie will not be rude to any adult or child.
9) Julie will not punch, kick, scream, bite or have a tantrum.
10) Julie will not cover herself, no matter her attire, or company.

If Julie disobeys these rules, the punishments will include;
1) A spanking.
2) Being naked for an entire day, no matter what happens during that day.
3) Using a dummy.
4) or a punishment chosen by your adult in charge.

Tomorrows itinerary
7am: Bath.
7:30am: Shave.
8am: Room remodeling.
6pm: Wardrobe additions.
9pm: Bath, nappy, and bed.

Julie read this over several times.

"This isn't happening to me again. Last summer was totally humiliating and now I'm going through it all over again." thought Julie.

Usually before bed Julie would write in her diary, watch tv, have a shower, but being locked in her room, naked and with nothing better to do, she climbed onto her bare mattress. Julie laid down on her back and stared out of her curtain free window, at the stars. Suddenly she saw a shooting star, she closed her eyes and made a wish.

Julie opened her eyes, her wish came true. Julie was laying on a sun lounger by the sea. Brad was next to her on her left. The sun was high in the blue sky, the blue waves crashing against the shore. Julie smiled, as Agnes came upto them both taking their drinks orders. Agatha, was rubbing sun cream on Julie's back. Sally was painting Julies toenails the red colour Julie liked. Julie looked to her right and saw Lisa.

"Lisa take your costume off." Commanded Julie.

"Please Julie. Don't make me do that." begged Lisa.

"I said get naked Lisa, NOW." commanded Julie.

"Please don't" whimpered Lisa.

"Agatha, give me Lisa's costume." Said Julie.

"O'K, Cousin." Said Agatha.

Agatha quickly grabbed Lisa, and made light work of removing her costume, and passing it to Julie. The others laughed.

"Oh Lisa, look at your boy's chest, it's so small, and look at your hairless crotch too, have you even started puberty yet?" laughed Julie.

Suddenly and quickly the scene changed, Julie was back in the swimming baths, wearing nothing but her bright luminous yellow trunks, holding towels, staring at Brad and Lisa. Lisa was stood there in her skimpy red bikini, whilst Brad was in his dark blue shorts.

"Wow, Julie I barely recognized you without your make up you look totally different." Said Lisa in her stunning voice.

"Oh uh hi Lisa ....hey...Brad." Said Julie.

"Why the last time I saw Julie she was babysitting her two cousins. Well, It looked more like they were babysitting her actually. Anyway, they came into my store, and bought some of the weirdest outfits I had ever seen." Said Julie's annoyingly stunning voice.

"What, that's not..." Said Julie.

"They bought a teddy bear sleeper, diapers, pullups all kinds of bizarre stuff. Boy was I shocked when the twins told me all this stuff was for Julie!" Said Lisa.

"Uh sorry, Lisa but I really have to go...." Said Julie.

"Oh I see, You're using the teddy bear sleeper as your swim costume, clever." Said Lisa.

Julie looked down at herself. The yellow shorts and towels were gone, all that was left was the teddy bear sleeper. Brad and Lisa both laughed at her. Julie was red-faced and turned to run, tripped over, and strangely she had fallen onto her back. Agatha was holding her legs in the air with her right hand. Julie looked down, she was again topless, with just a nappy covering her vagina. Agnes, Sally, Timmy, Brad, and Lisa all stood over her watching, laughing.

"Aww don't worry little girl, we'll soon clean you." Said Agatha.

"Noooo..." Screamed Julie.

Agatha grabbed the nappy, and pulled it clean off. It was the first time Brad had seen her vagina from the front.

"Agatha, you won't get her clean like that you need to spread her legs wide." Said Sally.

Julie tried to throw her hands down to cover but realized Lisa and Agnes were holding her hands above her head.

"No, please, no boy has ever seen my most intimate area," yelled Julie.

"Don't worry, there's a first time for everything Julie." Said Agatha.

Agatha started to pull Julie's legs apart.

"Noooooooo........." Screamed Julie.

Julie woke and found herself thrashing around on her bed. Ms. Peters was in the room.

"Ahh, the little girl wakes." Said Ms. Peters.

"I'm not a little girl, you bitch." Said Julie.

Ms. Peters walked over to Julie and pulled Julie over her lap before she started spanking Julie's bare bum.

"You will learn your place, little girl. There will be no more rudeness from you today, and you will follow my rules." Said Ms. Peters.

"Stop spanking me, let me go, you horrible woman." Yelled Julie.

Ms. Peters dropped Julie back onto her bed.

"I thought as it's your first day, I would be lenient on you, but I guess, you're not in a cooperative mood. So you will be spending the rest of today naked. I will reschedule your wardrobe additions for another day. But Mr. Wilkins will be here in twenty minutes, to remodel your room and it would be rude to cancel now. I guess you'll be naked for the builders, I hope they like a naked little girl who throws tantrums.

Oh, by the way, you'll be in here, watching their work, and as there isn't time, to give you a bath or shave you, I guess I'll do both when they are here." Said Ms. Peters.

"Wait, Mr. Wilkins, as in Jake Wilkins, of Wilkins and sons?" asked Julie.

"Yes. I'll see you in twenty minutes, as will they." Said Ms. Peters leaving the room.

"Oh god no, not Wilkins and sons, this will be even worse, than I could've possibly imagined." thought Julie.


Julie's next summer part 5a 
by Revengedpirate 

Twenty minutes later the doorbell rang and Ms. Peters answered the door.

"Oh good, you're right on time. I do like punctuality." Said Ms. Peters.

"You've asked for the bedroom to be gutted, and for us to put in this new one?" Asked Mr. Wilkins.

"Yes, That's quite right. There is one small detail, I've not mentioned." Said Ms. Peters.

"Oh, What's that?" He said in a gruff voice, thinking the day had changed or something else inconvenient had come up.

"Well, I'm looking after an extremely difficult Little girl." Said Ms. Peters.

"Oh, you mean, little Julie, Yes I've heard about her escapades." Said Mr. Wilkins.

"Well, at the minute she's being extremely stubborn, rude, and throwing loads of little tantrums. So I'm currently in the middle of punishing her. I'm hoping you won't mind her being in the room whilst you work?" Said Ms. Peters.

"Oh that shouldn't be a problem, Me and my boys have done loads of work around naughty little girls, so Julie being there shouldn't be a problem." Said Mr. Wilkins.

"Just one other thing, She'll be head to Toe, completely naked. I will take her for a bath and shave whilst you are here, but the rest of the time she'll be in the room with you." Said Ms. Peters.

It was at this point, that two young lads popped their heads around the front door, one carrying a ladder, the other two toolboxes. Mr. Wilkins nodded to them.

"These are my lads, Dean and Mike. Dean here is 19 and just graduated college, Mike, was in Julie's year at school. I believe they took some classes together." Said Mr. Wilkins.

"Dad you know we did, We had English and French together." Said Mike with some loathing.

"We're ready here if you want to show us the way?" Said Mr. Wilkins.

Meanwhile, Julie was upstairs stewing. It wasn't Jake, so much, or Dean, although Dean was quite attractive. It was Mike. Mike had asked her out in senior school, and they had gone on three dates together. They broke up because Julie thought he was too immature, for a girl like her, and he was so stuck up. It also didn't help that he spread a rumor around school saying she was a lesbian, and a prude.

These were most definitely not three people she wanted to see her naked. Julie paced her bedroom up and down, Maybe if she re-read and followed Ms. Peters's rules, just maybe shed give her something, anything to cover her nude state. Julie quickly read her rules. She had just finished reading them for the fourth time when the door opened. Julie quickly did a naked curtsey,

"Hello, Ms. Peters welcome to my room." Said Julie in her politest voice.

"Hello, Julie." Said Mike, he had a huge ear-to-ear grin on his face.

In her curtsey position, her head was facing the floor, it also had the effect of spreading her pussy lips wide, hands at her hips, with small breasts on display too, nothing was left to Mike's imagination. Julie nearly burst into tears of shame, but worse came when Mike unwittingly opened his mouth again.

"Don't stand up." He said.

"Yes Sir." Said Julie.

Julie hated these rules, here she was, in the most humiliating pose ever, with rule 5 telling her she must obey. Rule 10 tells her she can't cover, whilst rule 2 states she must be polite. Julie was screaming in her head, anger once again starting to flow, as Mr. Wilkins, Dean, and Ms. Peters walked in. all had big grins on their stupid faces thought Julie.

"This is the room. I want all the furniture, wallpaper, and carpet gone. I want it so it's stripped back to bare walls and floorboards. No need to be careful, you can do as much damage as you like." Said Ms. Peters.

Julie felt tears drip down her nose. She loved her dresser and bed very much, and now this woman was just going to destroy her things, without a second thought about Julie's feelings towards them.

"Wow that's not a very flattering pose you are in Julie, Please get down on all fours, and crawl to the bathroom, I'll be along in a minute." Said Ms.Peters.

"Yes Ms." Said Julie.

Julie got down on all fours but remained where she was. Julie knew the men were staring at her odd behavior, but this was better than being spanked in front of them.

"Julie, why haven't you crawled to the bathroom as I asked?" Said Ms. Peters.

"I'm sorry, ms. Peters, but you're rule number 4 says I'm not allowed to leave my room without an accompanying adult." Said Julie.

"Oh yes, you're right. I am rather busy right now though...." Said Ms. Peters.

"Perhaps I could take her if that's alright dad?" Asked Dean the younger brother.

"I Don't Know, Julie will you behave yourself properly for dean?" Asked Ms. Peters.

"Yes Ms." Said Julie.

"Dean, it's O.K. with me." Said Mr. Wilkins.

"Julie, you are to let Dean take you to the bathroom, once there he will wash you, cut your nails, all twenty, and shave you, will you obey?" Asked Ms. Peters.

Julie really didn't want a boy, let alone an ex-boyfriend's, younger brother, to personally groom her. Although the alternative was to stay naked and get spanked in front of three men, again one being her ex-boyfriend. Julie really didn't have much in the way of options right now, besides dean was cute, and seemed to like her. Well technically, he hadn't scowled like Mike when he first saw her naked. He hadn't stared and run off with another woman like Brad and he most definitely had not insulted or slapped her once like Kyle. So what's the worse that can happen with Dean grooming her?

"Yes, Ms. I will obey Dean. Yes, Dean, I will obey you, sir." Said Julie.

"Julie, beg like a dog." Said, Dean.

Julie looked at Ms. Peters. Clearly, this was some sort of test, to see how obedient she could be. Although it was extremely humiliating, Julie pushed herself into a crouching position with her front hands out. Just for good measure, Julie poked her tongue out and panted like a dog.

"Good, now bark like a dog." Said Dean.

Julie felt so humiliated acting this way, but she needed to do this in order to get her clothes back.

"Woof, Woof" Barked Julie.

"O.K. Dean, you've had your fun, now please take your little puppy for a bath." Said Ms. Peters.

"Just one more please, then I'll take her." Said Dean.

"Fine," said Ms. Peters.

Julie waited, she knew what the command would be, Knew it would be utterly humiliating and devastating, but also knew she had to obey it.

"Julie, You've been a really good puppy." Said Dean.

"Woof, Woof." Said Julie, trying to stay in character for Dean.

"Roll over Julie." Said Dean.

There it was. The command she had been dreading, the command that would have her legs, Pussy, and arse spread completely wide. The command would leave absolutely no secrets to anyone in the room. Julie wanted it over as quickly as possible. She closed her eyes and rolled to her left. She heard Jake, and Mike's audible gasp. She Could picture Ms. Peters's horrible smile. Julie did it for Dean, he was being nice, he was being friendly and kind to her. Julie finished her roll and crawled on all fours over to Dean. Julie licked his hand.

"Woof Woof." She said to Dean.

Mike and Jake just stared. Ms. Peters had a slightly surprised look.

"O.K. Dean Take your dog to be groomed, now." Said Ms. Peters.

"Come along puppy, follow me." Said Dean.

Leading the way to where he thought the bathroom was. Julie gave him nudges every now and then with a nibble of his finger or a bark. Julie really enjoyed Dean's company, although she was still entirely naked, She enjoyed it because he wasn't judgemental or rude like the others. Once they got to the bathroom, Dean ran the bath.

"Do you want a bubble bath?" Asked Dean.

"Woof," said Julie Cheerily.

"Is that a yes? one bark means yes?" Asked Dean.

"Woof." Said Julie.

"Is your name Doris?" Asked Dean.

"Woof, Woof." Said Julie.

"Is your name Julie?" asked Dean.

"Woof." Said Julie.

"Good, So do you want a bubble bath?" Asked Dean again.

"Woof," Said Julie, happy that Dean was still playing along.

Dean poured in the bubble bath as Julie watched. Now the Bath was full, and Julie got in. Another great thing about being already naked meant nothing to undress in the bathroom. Dean watched Julie splash around happily for a bit, before picking up the soap.

"Julie come here let me wash you." Said Dean.

"Woof Woof." Said Julie who was enjoying herself too much.

The suds covered her meager assets well, and she didn't want Dean seeing her naked again or touching her, especially in her private areas. Dean however was getting impatient, He pulled the plug out and put it on the side, as the water began to drain rapidly away.

"No, Dean what are you doing?" Asked Julie.

"I'm here to give you a bath. Now you have two choices. One you let me bathe you here, in the privacy of your bathroom. I have to groom you as well. or..." Said Dean rather sternly.

"Well, you'll just have to do option two, cause you ain't bathing me, Mr. " Said Julie rather rudely all of a sudden.

"I thought you were in a good girl mood?" Said Dean.

"I was. I'm not letting you touch my private areas, and I'm certainly not letting you shave my pussy." Said Julie.

"Option two it is if you want to be like that." Said Dean.

He grabbed a washing-up bowl off the side. Whilst Julie snatched the plug and put it back in, happily splashing in the water again. Dean then put shaving foam, soap, razor blades, razor, aftershave, nail scissors, nail varnish remover, a tub of permawax, and a towel into the washing-up bowl. He put the bowl on top of the toilet.

"Last chance Julie. Will you let me wash you?" Said Dean.

"Let me think for a minute. Urm No. I don't want you touching me at all." Said Julie.

"Oh dear, well then I'm sorry but you brought this on yourself." Dean Said resigned.

He reached into the water and pulled the plug out and threw it onto the side. He then reached into the water and grabbed Julie about her waist, and lifted her into a fireman's carry. Julie's small upper body hung down his back to the top of his shorts, whilst her backside and lower body draped down his front, her feet again touching the top of his shorts. Dean grabbed the bowl, resting on top of the toilet with his spare hand, and headed for the door.

"Stop. What are you doing?" Shouted Julie.

Ms. Peters had heard the commotion, so too had, Mike and Jake, all three meeting them in the hallway. Julie red-faced covered her naked bum with her hands.

"What's going on?" Asked Ms. Peters.

"Little Julie, here thought she could take advantage of me, by playing nice as a dog. So I thought I'd groom her exactly like you would a dog." Said Dean.

"What do you mean?" Asked Mike.

"Follow me and I'll show you all what I mean. Oh Mike, could you bring me some nails, a hammer, and some cable ties." Said Dean.

Julie squirmed trying to free herself, her face going even redder as she was carried past the three gawking adults. Dean then carried Julie downstairs and into the back garden. Julie squealed as she went through the backdoor. She tried covering her bare bum with her hands. The others followed behind Dean.

"Do you have a hose out here?" Asked Dean.

"Yes, it's around the front of the house." Said Ms. Peters.

"Please don't take me round to the front whilst naked." Screamed Julie.

Julie was kicking and screaming, as she was still using her hands to cover her flat bare bottom. Mike came out the front door just as the others arrived in the front garden.

"The hose is here, next to the porch." Said Ms. Peters.

The porch faced the front garden, which was plain, with no trees or bushes just a flat piece of grass, with a stone path leading from the busy road to the porch.

"Right Mike, Bang the first nail, into the porch, up at the top." Said Dean.

"No, let me back inside please," begged Julie.

Julie wanted back inside before anyone else saw her. She however had to watch as Mike banged the nail in.

"Right Mike, use a cable tie to tie Julie's hands above her head." Said Dean.

"No please, everyone will see my bum." Screamed Julie in utter embarrassment.

Mike grabbed Julie's left hand and pulled it above Julie's head, then pulled her right arm into the same position before tying them together. Dean then moved over to the porch and hung Julie by the cable tie onto the nail at the top. Julie's feet were a foot and a half off the ground. Julie hung there like a pinata as the others stared at her naked body.

"Get me down please, It's hurting my wrists," screamed Julie.

Dean disappeared for a few minutes before returning with two long crates. he stood one on its end to Julie's right, and the other on its end to her left.

"Mike grab her leg." Said Dean.

Dean grabbed her right leg as Mike grabbed her right. They placed her feet gently on top of the crates. Julie's legs were spread wide her brown bush the only covering her vagina. standing on the boxes, even with her legs spread gave her some relief. Julie looked up, and could clearly see the busy road. The boxes were only tall enough to let her stand on tiptoes and weren't anywhere near tall enough for her to free herself.

"Let me down. I'm Naked, I'm outside, I'm cold and wet, Let me down right now. You little cock Dean, wait till I get you back." Screamed Julie, feeling totally embarrassed.

"Oh wow. I thought I heard Julie ranting." Said a familiar voice.

"The little girl's hair has grown back." said another familiar voice.

Julie couldn't see the owners of these voices as they were behind her, for now.

"Her hairy bush has grown back." said a third voice.

"Shame about her little itty bitty titties." said a fourth voice.

Suddenly six newcomers stood in front of her small naked body. Six people she recognized and knew quite well. April, Olivia, Sally, Billy, Danny, and Timmy, are all a year older but definitely them. Julie squirmed in shame as the six laughed at her struggles along with Dean, Mike, Jake, and Val. Julie closed her eyes. She wished she were anywhere else right now, but hanging here naked with these ten people laughing at her.

"I'll get the hose set up." Said Dean.

Dean walked behind Julie, as the 25-year-old opened her eyes. Julie wished she hadn't as Courtney and Kyle also walked up the driveway to stare at her. Not only that but cars on the busy road started to pull over and walk up to her house, the people obviously wondering what was going on. Julie wished the ground would swallow her, as she recognized five other newcomers. These five were her ex-work colleagues, whom she had worked with before, Agatha, and Agnes's punishment of her. Two were male, whom she had flirted with, they were staring at her small tits like they were the smallest they've ever seen.

The other three were women, who had lost boyfriends because they had chased after Julie. The three women were laughing their heads off.

"Hey, we should have brought popcorn." Said the red-headed, Harriet.

"Forget the popcorn, we should have brought beer." Said Louise a brunette like Julie.

"We should have brought pop tarts. I mean they would've covered those little bites." Said the third girl, Jane, who had black hair.

"Please let me down, there are too many people. Please I'm begging you, Ms. Peters." Said Julie in desperation.

"I'm sorry little one, there are too many people here I can't hear you." Said Ms. Peters, who could hear every word Julie said.

