Jones' Wand 
by John A. Deering

Chapter One
For three weeks, Jones had taken pleasure in stripping girls of their clothing.  He would stand there in some public place, often at a beach, and watch as girls walked by.  At an unexpected moment, he would suddenly remove their clothes -- and he would do it so quickly and discreetly that nobody could see it was his doing.  Jones had an activity, a hobby, that nobody else had -- because nobody else in the world had his magic wand.
Jones was in possession of a magical object that gave him all the power in the universe.  He didn't understand how it worked, or why he of all people was the one who ended up with it -- but that didn't really matter to him.  He figured that fate had its reasons, and that was that.
A month earlier, Jones had found the wand while at his job.  He worked at a restaurant, one that was busy and loud all the time.  He hated the place.  The work was hard, the pay was less than stellar, and he was bombarded with disrespect from every customer.  However, his luck changed one day when he found a wand sitting on a messy table.  A large family had left it there by accident.  Jones had made the attempt to find them and return the item, but had been unable to get them in time.  The family left, and the wand was in his hands.
Jones didn't want to throw the wand away.  He had the feeling that, any day now, the family would return to recollect it.  He waited, and waited, and the more time went by, the more fond he became of this plastic wand.  He would wave it around and imagine that it gave him all the power in the world.  He imaged being able to hurl chairs through the air and changing the weather to anything he wanted.  All day long, Jones continued to feel stressed and unhappy, but the wand served as some sort of comfort zone for him.
Later, Jones was fired.  At first, he thought it was the worst thing that could happen to him.  However, a friend of his advised him to be happy about it.  That job was a chain from which he was now free.  That day, he decided to spend the rest of his life happy, focusing on the good and dealing with the bad.  The happiness that he felt by holding that plastic wand was now with him all the time.
He really didn't understand the truth about the wand until he woke up one morning unable to see himself.   He had just dreamt of waving the wand and turning invisible.  Somehow, while asleep, he had done the very same thing.  Then he woke up, and found that he was indeed invisible to his own eye.  He could feel his own body, and hear the sounds he made, but he couldn't see himself!!
That was when he realized that this power was real so long as he believed it was.  When he was asleep and dreaming, anything seemed possible.  While awake, human beings tend to have a serious attitude about life and dismiss all fairy tales as simple children's stories.  Now Jones realized that, by tapping into his childlike imagination, which had disappeared when he became an adult, he was actually capable of miracles!
Jones' happy, easy-going attitude stayed with him all day long.  He turned himself invisible, and walked around the city.  He looked around at the roads and cars and people and gas stations, able to see them, while they couldn't see him.  It was like looking at life through a one-way mirror.
He sometimes questioned why he, of all people, was the one to end up with this power.  He decided that it was better for him to get this power than an evil person who would use it for wicked purposes.  Maybe, if a truly noble person found the power, and attempted to use it for truly noble purposes, some other bad things would happen.  In short, it was good that the power ended up in the hands of an ordinary man who didn't have ambitious plans with power -- just to turn himself invisible.
However, before long, his plans changed.  When he witnessed three girls robbing a gas station with a fake gun and getting away unharmed, he decided to take matters into his own hands, if no one else would.  Jones would never intentionally harm a person, much less three attractive girls -- but he would find his own methods of punishment.
Using his magic wand, he was able to track the girls down with a sort of sense of radar.  The next day, the three girls drove up to the beach together, using an expensive car they had bought with their stolen cash.
As the girls sunbathed, nearby guys turned their heads and looked.  The three girls were certainly attractive.  The people at the beach knew nothing of what was really happening -- the robbery, the money, the wand.  All they saw was any other day in the Sun and the sand.
Jones watched as the three girls laid down on their stomachs to soak up the Sun's rays.  The girls untied their bikini top straps to remove their tan lines.
The girls rested for several minutes before Jones blew on one girl's back.  Alarmed, she jumped up for a second.  When she looked around, and saw nothing, she forgot about it and lay back down on her towel.  She had failed to notice that, in the time that she had leaned up; her bikini top had been taken completely.  Jones, still invisible, had snatched the top away and thrown it high up onto the branch of a tree that was several feet above the sandy ground.
One by one, Jones snatched the girls' tops and tossed them into the tree.  The girls didn't even notice the fact that they were only wearing their bikini bottoms.
Slowly, gently, Jones pulled down on those three bottoms, revealing their bare asses.  He continued to pull all the way down to their knees, then their feet; then, finally, they were off completely.  The girls were now lying down bare and naked, no longer able to change back into their clothes.
The girls would have remained oblivious to the situation if Jones hadn't suddenly snatched their towels away.  One minute, they were resting comfortably, letting the stress of the world melt away; and then their towels were snatched up into the air from beneath them.  Jones made it appear that the wind had blown the towels up, so the girls would still have a decent chance of catching them if they moved quickly.  The girls reached both hands up for the towels, but Jones kept them just out of reach; and then, finally, he used his magic wand to send a gust of wind upward, blowing the towels all the way up to the tree.
Jones stayed around to watch the girls' panicked reaction.  All of a sudden, they were completely naked in a public place!  The girls did what they could to cover themselves, but all they really had was their hands; and even two hands couldn't cover up everything.  The girls watched the flashes of nearby cameras, which the nearby onlookers were using to take their pictures, and their faces turned deep red.  Somewhere deep inside, they sensed that fate was punishing them for the gas station they had robbed earlier.
Chapter Two
Every day became a repeat of the day at the beach.  Jones would watch the news and read the newspapers to find out about robberies similar to the one in the gas station, and he would always find the person in order to punish them.  Jones was always able to use his wand to transport himself to the places he needed to get to.
More time passed.  The same tricks never got old.  Jones was always able to stay invisible and remove the girls' bikinis when they least suspected it.  He was sure that he was brightening the day of some people out there.
One day, he noticed an attractive girl walking around in a white bikini.  He decided that if he got this bikini wet, it would become transparent; so he ordered a small cloud of rain to pour down on the girl.
She was surprised by the sudden rainfall -- but not as surprised as she was gonna be.
Jones decided to get a quick peek at her breasts.  He grasped her bikini top between the cups and pulled away a little bit, just to get a quick glimpse.  Then he gently let go.
Next, he suddenly pulled down, hard, on one of the cups.  Her entire breast was suddenly exposed!  The girl gasped, and then started laughing at her own misfortune.  She quickly adjusted her top and walked on, hoping that wouldn't happen again and feeling grateful that there weren't too many people around to see.
Suddenly, Jones pulled away the top of her bikini bottoms.  He was able to get a quick glimpse of her shaved pubis.  Jones let go of the panties and let them fall back into place.
Then, he turned around to the other side of the girl and got a glimpse of her ass by pulling on the back of her bottoms.  He decided suddenly to share this view with the world; so he pulled them down to her shins.
It took a few moments for the shock to settle in, but suddenly she could see that she was flashing everyone at the beach!  She had never been in this kind of situation before.  Her first instinct was to cover herself with both hands... but suddenly her top flew right off of her and onto the sandy ground.
Jones made the bottoms intangible, so that they passed right through her.  Now he was holding them in his hands, but only he could see them.  The naked girl squealed, tried to cover her privates, and ran away.
Chapter Three
Jones continued to unexpectedly strip girls at the beach.  However, over time, he became adjusted to this routine enough to take things up a notch.  One day, while walking down the street, he noticed that one girl was walking around in nothing more than a small white bikini and high heels.  It was a hot day, so she had the perfect excuse.  Still, it wasn't the most common thing for a person to walk around the streets in a bikini.  This person didn't seem to mind the attention, Jones noticed, as she wiggled her ass every time a guy turned his head to look.
Jones decided that he'd put on a real show today.  He walked behind the girl, making sure to stay invisible, impossible to see to anyone but himself.
Then, suddenly, his invisible hands grasped the knot in her bikini top.  He held his fingers in the same spot continuously, and as the girl walked onward, the top untied itself.  Finally, it was completely undone.
Now Jones walked around to the other side of the girl.  He could see her from the front.  Her bikini top wasn't falling off by itself, as only the back was undone.  But he could certainly change that now.  All of a sudden, he grasped the top between the girls' breasts and pulled it away.
The girl was shocked when she saw her top fly off her chest.  She ran forward to pick it up off the ground -- something that was not an easy feat in high heels.  Quickly, she bent down to pick it up.
During this time, the girl faced double trouble.  Not only was she topless, but now her bottoms were sliding down, exposing her ass for all nearby onlookers to see.  By the time she stood up, her panties were at her feet.
Ordinarily, Jones would have been content to do all this and call it a day.  But today, he got more ambitious.  Surely his wand could do more than simply turn him invisible!  If he were able to make a camera appear out of nowhere...
Jones made that day a more complete one than all the others.  Now he was able to see himself -- and he was also able to see the camera that he had made appear from nothing.  Nobody else could see either thing.  The only thing visible to an onlooker's naked eye was the flash of the camera, which seemed to come from out of nowhere.
By the end of the day, Jones had more to remember his endeavors by than his memories.  Now he had an actual photograph, on real photograph paper, to prove what he had seen in the middle of the street.
Throughout the following weeks, Jones continued to haunt the streets like a ghost.  He continued to do what he did best, and he continued to take photographs of everything he did.  In time, he decided to create a web-site on the Internet, one which he would use to publish all his photographs to share with the world.  Anybody was allowed to see the photographs for free... but if they wanted to see the complete collection, there was a price.
Before long, Jones' web-site had earned him a fair amount of money.  He still had no real job, and as such, no real income.  However, using this new hobby and this new web-site, he was able to generate small amounts of cash, enough to cover his food expenses.
He decided that this was what he would do to earn all income in the future.  He would have to go out into the streets more often, and take more photographs, and as such, generate more money.  He no longer needed to apply at a business to become an employee; he was working for himself.
Chapter Four
As time went on, Jones found different sights every day.  One day, he found himself in the middle of a wet t-shirt contest being held near the beach.
Wet t-shirt contests had been interesting so far.  Today, he was going to make it much more so.
He watched as the girls danced before a crowd of teenage guys and young men.  The girls built up the suspense, making it appear that they were about to remove some article of clothing, before abandoning the attempt and revealing that it was just a tease.
Jones observed one girl whose wet shirt was tied in a knot.  He waved his magic wand, and suddenly, that knot came undone, and the shirt fell right off of her body.  The dancer gasped then covered herself quickly.  There was some hooting and hollering coming from the crowd, as this was the moment that everyone had been waiting for but everyone had secretly suspected might not happen.  She had no idea where the shirt had fallen to; she spent a few moments looking for it, but it seemed to be gone forever.
Jones wasn't done.  This was going to be more than just a display of wet t-shirts.  Now that the girl was topless, and using both hands to cover her breasts, Jones used the wand to unzip the zipper on her blue jeans.  Her jeans were pulled down to her knees, clearly exposing her panties.  Now the girl used both hands to cover her panties; her breasts were on display again.
The hooting and hollering continued as her clothes seemed to just fall off for no apparent reason.  Next, her jeans came all the way down to her feet, then off of her completely and into the crowd.  The people in the crowd passed the jeans around from one person to the next.  The girl was now stripped down to just her panties.  Being white, like her t-shirt, the panties were already transparent, and some details were visible of what lay underneath.
But Jones still wasn't done.  The elastic band of her panties started to get pulled down for what looked like no reason.  Her bare crotch was quickly exposed as her panties were pulled down to her knees.  Then, just like so many others, they were removed from her body completely.  Once they fell into the crowd, the sea of hands, they weren't coming back.
The photos taken this time around were more interesting.  Of course, the dancer was covering herself as best as she could, and she made her getaway quickly, but Jones was able to take a good set of photos before she was gone.
Chapter Five
Another day passed, and another wet t-shirt contest was visited.  Jones repeated the same antics as the day before, with another dancer.  Throughout a few weeks, this didn't get tiring in the slightest; but still Jones eventually found the need to do something more ambitious.
That was when he decided to put his power into the hands of other people.  Using his magic wand, he created a remote control, the type one would normally associate with a toy car.  This control, however, was physically connected to nearby bikinis.
Jones left the remote lying out in the street to see who would pick it up.  In order to attract attention, he left the remote lying right next to a bikini, one that had been taken earlier from a girl at the beach.  All he had to do was turn invisible and then stand there and watch, and sure enough, eventually some guy picked both the bikini and remote up.
The guy who picked the remote up was amazed to find how it controlled the bikini that was lying next to it.  By pressing one button, the top untied itself; and by pressing it again, it was re-tied.  By pulling down on one lever, the panties pulled themselves down.
The guy who found the remote knew that he had found an amazing device.  The only trick now was convincing a girl to wear it.
Eventually, the guy managed to trick someone into wearing it.  He simply found a duffel bag lying on the sand, one which contained various things that people generally brought to the beach, including a bikini.  The guy took the bikini from the bag and put into it the remote-controlled one that he had found.  Now all he had to do was sneak off somewhere, watch as the girl returned and changed into the bikini, and he would have it made.  The guy set down his own towel and laid down on it so that he could watch as everything happened.
Several minutes later, a girl dressed in a t-shirt and jeans returned to the bag, with a couple of her friends.  She walked off somewhere else to get changed.  When she returned, she was wearing the remote-controlled bikini, and didn't even know it.
The guy had fun pressing the buttons on the remote.  First he caused the strings on her top to untie themselves.  The girl felt a little embarrassed, and had one of her friends tie her back up.  Right at this time, the strings on her bottoms suddenly untied themselves.  The girl grabbed at the bottoms with both hands to stop them from falling.  She pulled them up, re-tied them, and continued walking.
All of a sudden, the string between her breasts was cut, and her bra opened up like a robe.  The girl had no idea how to react, given how different this kind of experience was.  She only had one moment of shock, and then she got down to fixing the problem.  It might have been bizarre and unusual, but she wasn't just going to stand there like a deer in headlights all day.
But, it was out of her control: her panties were suddenly sliding down around her knees.  Right as she was grabbing them, her top jumped right off of her, landing on the ground a few feet away.  As she ran forward to grab it, it jumped another foot, like money tied to a string.  Then, suddenly, it took one mighty leap into the water, and it was gone for good.  A few seconds later, the bikini bottoms untied themselves and flew into the nearby bushes.  The girl was left completely naked in a public place.
Chapter Six
One day, Jones found himself in a shopping mall.  Most people were here for one of two reasons, to work or to shop.  Jones had a different agenda.
Using his magic wand, he was able to transport himself underneath the floors inside the mall.  By looking up, he could see right through the floor, as though it weren't there at all.  He could also eliminate all males from his vision, leaving only the females visible; and he also eliminated the females that were, in his opinion, of questionable age.
Now he was able to see only the attractive girls as they walked by.  He was able to get nice photographs up their skirts, catching both the front and the back.
Similarly, from high up on the ceiling, he was able to get a bird's eye view of the women as they walked by.  Now he was able to get photographs that peered down their blouses.  From up on the ceiling, he was able to get the best angles.
Among the many stores in this place was a retail clothing store.  Here Jones would truly be able to do great things.  He went into the clothing store and walked up to the dressing rooms.
Jones noticed that the dressing rooms were unisex; so he decided to label some "men" and others "women".
His first trick was to make the women's' dressing room doors completely invisible.  The person inside the dressing room saw the door, or rather, she thought she did -- it was actually just an illusion in her head.  In reality, a small crowd of men were gathered around the room, watching her change.
The woman was about to change into her new clothes, but she couldn't find them.  Somehow, mysteriously, the new clothes she was about to try out had vanished!  For that matter, so had the clothes she'd been wearing before!  Now she was just in her underwear, in a public dressing room, with no clothes nearby... even though she was in a clothing store.
The woman didn't know what to do.  She couldn't just walk around in her underwear.  Suddenly, while she was pacing around the room, she found that her bra strap got caught on a hook on the wall -- practically a completely impossible event.  The woman paused, and then turned to her left.  She thought this would help things, but instead, the bra completely snapped off in the back, and fell off of her.  She grabbed for it and tried to put it back on, but Jones made the bra turn into a pile of powder; then the same with her panties.
When Jones finally decided to leave this place, he thought of one ultimate prank he could pull.  All of a sudden, in one moment, all the women in the store were stripped completely naked.  All the clothes they had been wearing just disappeared entirely.
Chapter Seven
One day, Jones found himself watching a live wrestling match.  He had initially come here to get a few hours of peace from his busy job, and in some way to remind himself that he wasn't obsessed with his magic wand.
He watched a few guys fight each other, the same typical testosterone-filled displays of strength that wrestling was always known for.  Much to his surprise, Jones found that a female match followed those fights -- a "bra and panties match".  The object here was not for one person to beat the snot out of the other, but for one woman to strip the other of as much clothing as she could.  Well, Jones just couldn't seem to get away from this kind of subject!
Jones watched as the match raged on.  One woman was able to tear the shirt off of the other, leaving her in her bare bra.  That woman retaliated by pulling down her opponent's pants, reducing her to just panties.
Jones had a feeling that this match was, in some way, staged.  He didn't figure that the women fighting would actually reduce each other to nothing.  There were cameras on the fighters, and giant screens to show the entire audience.  Because of this, things surely wouldn't get too unwholesome.
Until today, that was.
Jones used his wand to remove the clothing of both girls.  One girl had her t-shirt lift itself right off of her body, and fly right into the crowd.  Then her brassiere strap tore itself open, and her bra itself jumped away from her.  The woman thought that this was another attack from her opponent, so she spun around to face her -- just to find that her opponent was also completely naked, crouching on the ground, covering her body.  Now the first woman felt her panties, the last item of clothing still on her body, pull themselves down to her feet, exposing the rest of her body to the audience.  The cameras were still flashing their photos, and the video cameras were still rolling.  The cheering in the audience was louder than ever.  Everyone could tell that this wasn't all going exactly as planned -- but nobody seemed to mind.
The next time he came here, he decided to interfere with the wrestling match in a slightly more subtle way.
This time, he simply stepped into the ring, dressed in some sort of crazy costume that looked like something a wrestler would wear.  Both female wrestlers paused and looked at him questioningly, not knowing who he was or why he was stepping into the ring... but the crowd was cheering like it was all part of the act.
Jones began to partake in a match.  He pinned the woman to the ground, then grasped the bottom of her t-shirt and pulled it up.  The cameraman ran up, trying to get a good angle.  Jones pulled the t-shirt all the way over the woman's head, clearly exposing her bra.
This wasn't part of the act.  The woman wasn't enjoying this.  Jones grabbed her jeans by the side of her waist, and began to pull.  He simply made her belt vanish into thin air, then he gave a hard tug.  The jeans came down to the woman's knees, revealing her panties.
After removing the shirt and jeans completely, Jones continued to do this match.  He pulled off her bra and panties with little more than thought.  He held both in his hands, bra in his left and panties in his right, and held them up in the air.  The woman was crouched on the ground, covering herself.
Chapter Eight
Through the weeks, Jones found a series of other tricks to keep himself entertained.  One trick was hiding microscopic cameras inside girls' undergarments.  These cameras always let him see what was happening underneath their bras and panties.  He charged a lot of money for access to these cameras, but people were willing to pay the prices.
One day, Jones got a better idea.  He traveled all the way to New York City, where the giant TV screen stood in Times Square.  Surely this TV screen could help him do more wacky mischief.
He turned himself invisible, and created an invisible video camera next to him.  He filmed a girl walking by, and the image was put onto the giant TV screen.
However, he decreed that not everything would be shown on the TV.  The camera filmed only the girl, not the street beneath her, not the people she walked by -- nothing but the girl herself.
Then the camera showed that girl without any of her clothes.
As the next few moments passed, Jones ended up putting images onto the screen that were not happening in real life.  As each girl walked by, he imagined what they would look like while masturbating, and then he would put that image onto the screen.
Times Square would never be the same again.
Jones decided to make his tricks incredibly simple and efficient.  Walking down the sidewalk, he saw a woman wearing a dress.  He waved his wand and simply made the dress disappear.  The woman was suddenly wearing only a bra and panties, and she was horrified at her sudden semi-nudity; but not as intensely as she would be a moment later when those bra and panties suddenly vanished.  Jones had left the woman completely naked in the middle of the public eye.
Jones enjoyed making dresses disappear.  Soon, he found it better to make the bottom of dress lift itself up over the person's head.  This attracted more attention from the nearby onlookers, and was a lot more startling to the person wearing the dress.
In time, he also came to like skirts.  By waving his wand, he could make a skirt lift itself up, revealing the cotton panties underneath.  By waving his wand again, he could make the panties shift themselves to the side, exposing the woman's crotch for all to see.  Then, of course, all the clothes on the girl's body would just suddenly shred themselves into a hundred pieces.
By now, the phenomenon of girls' sudden nudity was becoming well known.  Many news shows were discussing it, and showing the video footage that nearby onlookers had been lucky enough to film.  Of course, the news shows censored the girls' private parts; so Jones made sure to remove the censorship.
By now, Jones could tell that this was becoming his obsession.  He had no other passion in life, no other real hobbies.  He no longer watched movies.  He no longer ate food or drank any kinds of drinks.  The only thing he wanted to do during his waking hours was to use his wand.
What was he becoming?  Was it he that was in control of the wand... or was he allowing the wand to control him? 
Chapter Nine
Jones didn't want to end his fun.  Jones didn't want to wake himself up from the wonderful, happy dream that he had found himself in.  However, he knew what he had to do.
One day, Jones entered a restaurant.  He was eating alone, by himself.  The money which he would use to pay for his meal was acquired by stealing cash that had already been dropped onto the street.  Jones didn't believe in stealing someone else's money -- rather, he used the want to attract all the fallen pennies and nickels that were lying around everywhere around him, and some that had fallen into sewer grates and manholes.  By stealing all this lost change, he was able to take it to the bank and convert it into singles.
At the restaurant, he ate his meal.  He observed the attractive hostess.  He observed the cute waitress.  He observed the two beautiful girls eating at the booth across from him.  But he wouldn't let his mind become perverted, like he had done for so long now.  Today he was going to grow a little.
At the end of his meal, he left a tip for the waitress.  He stood up, walked away from the table, and left the building.  The plastic wand that he had become so fond of was on the table with it.
As he left the building, he observed the attractive hostess again.  She was on her way out the building, being done with her shift for the day.  Suddenly, she noticed that she was completely naked, in her own workplace!!  She screamed, turned red in the face, and quickly covered up her breasts and pussy.  She ran outside the building, hoping to get to her car quickly.  All around her, people were hooting and hollering, some whistling and making crude comments.
Jones smirked.  He had to have one last minute of fun before he gave up the wand.
 