Nude World Order
by SlaveGirl926

Nude World Order Ch. 03

Candy gets into the mood..

As the bar music bass kept pumping, I started to get into the mood to dance. I got up and started to dance naked on my own while my friends watched.

"Well boys, looks like she's in the mood now so.. go ahead and join her." Ashley said.

"But if she says no or pushes you away, you better back the hell off. We will be watching, just in case.." Kate said.

It's nice to have my girlfriends watching my back.

Timothy continued to sip on his drink while Jason and Andrew came up to me and danced. Andrew had my butt while Jason tried his best not to be too awkward while being at my front. All three of us dancing together.

I was being sandwiched by 2 of my best male friends and I'm starting to get horny. Andrew started to finger my pussy as he grind against my butt. Jason was staring directly into my eyes as he massaged my boobs with that stiff dancing he was doing.

I kind of felt like I was doing something I wasn't supposed to, like having sex with my boyfriend while another man or nerd watched. Except that I was a virgin. Hopefully it would change...

I kept on moaning together with the loud music as my friends danced with me. It didn't mattered to me if I was being a slut for my friends. I love all of them! Even if I had to choose one out of the three men, I couldn't.

They would always be my best friends.

Timothy timed my orgasm perfectly, as he lowered the volume of the music right before I moaned out loud in pleasure and orgasmed hard.

Timothy looked very proud of what he had done but I wasn't embarrassed. Instead I thanked him for his help and he got shocked.

I went to the table, bent forward in front of Timothy and picked up my glass. "Shall we head to the dance floor?"

"Damn babe! You're on fire! Let's do it!" Ashley said and all of us finished our drinks before heading to the dance floor.

After the alcohol hit me hard in my system, i didn't care who was looking at my naked body or how many were staring, I just walked down the stairs, saying 'excuse me' as I brushed my body against strangers until I'm on the dance floor.

I lost my friends when I walked around in the club or bar. I couldn't walk properly, couldn't see properly, but I just danced!

Someone grind against my butt and I grabbed his hands and guided it to my boobs.

He whispered into my ears, "You're a horny little slut aren't you?"

I nodded my head and shouted, "YES!! I AM!!"

The man continued to grind against my butt as he massaged my boobs and fingered my pussy.

All I did was bringing my arms to the back of his head, pulled it towards me, and danced. The man licked my neck and I never knew it was so easy to seduce men. I was having the time of my life! What had I been doing!

I kept on dancing naked and moaning to the man's touches and I realized that the men around me were all looking at me as they surrounded me.

I shouted, "Don't just stand there! Fucking come and touch me! Woohoo!!"

"Ah! Yes! Oh God! Ah!"

Countless hands were all over my body, no matter where I looked, a man would be there. I kissed and kissed non stop as I orgasmed and danced.. non stop. Until at some point, I fell to my knees. I didn't know my knees were tired from all that dancing. But the good thing about this was the men. They saw that as an invitation for blowjobs.

I had dicks after dicks inside my mouth as I sucked and blowed non stop. The men didn't allow my hands to do nothing and I had to give hand jobs too. And there was always someone that would come down and play with my boobs, pussy and butt. I didn't care if I was in Heaven or hell!

All of a sudden, everyone stopped. The music also stopped. I wanted more and I even begged for it, the whole club could hear me!! But quickly, everything started to fade out and I realized I was on the ground, losing consciousness.

*****

I opened my eyes and tried to recall what had happened, 'How did I get here? How did I get back home?'

I was on my bed at home. Naked and didn't know what happened.

The last thing I remembered was dancing naked with my friends and maybe the dance floor? Then I couldn't remember anything anymore...

I walked out of my bedroom and saw my dad and mom talking to my friends.

Dad came running towards me and held my shoulders, "Are you alright baby? Are you okay?"

Suddenly the memories of how my dad forced me into PN and being a jerk about lending me some money to save my dignity came into my mind.

I looked down and saw myself naked. I pushed his hand away and shouted, "Get the hell away from me! You pervert! You don't deserve to be my father! I hate you!"

Then I screamed out loud and collapsed on the floor again.

The next time I woke up, I was in the hospital. I knew it was a hospital because the room was completely white and a nurse was there. "Where am I?" I asked.

The nurse came and said to me, "Don't worry sweetheart. You are getting help."

"Help for what?" I asked before I fell asleep again.

When I woke up again, I was on a sofa. I got up and looked around, I was back in the bar. I realized earlier I was just dreaming. "What..."

"Oh sweetie! You're awake! Are you okay?" Ashley asked as I rubbed my eyes.

"I'm okay, babe. What happened?" I asked.

"You collapsed babe. Was being naked and humiliated in public too much for you?"

"Of course not.. I'm just tired from the long string of interviews I had to go through today."

"Thank God you're okay!" someone hugged me and I realized it was Kate.

I hugged her back.

"You Sluts were watching me right?" I asked.

"Yeah. What about it?" Ashley asked.

"Did I.. maybe... did something out of the ordinary...?"

"Of course not babe. You're more beautiful and sexy than both of us. You're meant to have more fun than any of us!" Kate said.

I trusted Kate's mature opinion more than Ashley's fun and full of sex life if I was being honest.

"Thanks babe, but did I... lose my virginity..?" I asked.

"Nope. We were watching you closely. You're still a virgin, babe." Ashley said.

"Don't worry. We did a good job keeping you safe. A few men wanted to fuck you but we made them go away. Or at least the guys did." Kate said. "Make sure to thank Timothy, Jason and Andrew later."

"I will? What did they even do, other than stare at me with their eyes full of lust?" I asked.

"Oh they did a lot. You've no idea!" Ashley said. "Timothy was the first one to stop 3 men from raping you when you had your blowjobs right on the dance floor! Just one man against 3? Oh boy... He must really love you!!"

"As a friend, right..." I said.

"Right?" I asked....

"Maybe." Ashley replied. "Anyway, Jason was the one that carried you to the sofa. And specifically told... wait no, he shouted! Haha! He shouted to everyone to and I quote, FUCK OFF AND LEAVE HER ALONE!!"

"Wow.... He did that?" I asked.

"Sure he did. We're your best friends. Of course we would protect you with our lives." Kate said.

"Oh God.. I never thought I trust my male friends as much as I trust both of you girlfriends...." I said.

"Yeah I know.." Kate said.

"Well anyway!" Ashley said. "Andrew didn't do much. All he did was masturbate to your naked body and he wanted to fuck your pussy too but I stopped him."

"Ashley...." I said.

"What?" Ashley asked.

"Relax, I know."

"Know what?"

"I know you're in love with Andrew. I won't spoil things for you and him. I love you just as much as I love all of my friends." I said. "So tell me the truth? Please?"

"Okay Candy... Okay Babe..." Ashley said. "To tell you the truth, I got a little jealous.... Andrew did everything for you while you were unconscious."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"I mean he made sure you were still breathing by pressing on to your neck, chest and wrist. Felt so relieved that you were still alive that he had to do jumping jacks for a while while shouting SHE IS ALIVE... until he sweated and ran towards you to see if you're dehydrated, then fed you some fresh water... mouth to mouth... and finally he patted your head and gave you a kiss on your forehead."

"You know what this means right?" I asked Ashley.

"It means Andrew loves you!!" Ashley said and started to cry.

"Yeah! As a friend you idiot!" I said.

"If he truly loves me as a romantic partner, he would fuck me when he sees my wet pussy, even when I'm asleep!" I said.

"I guess. That's true... But wait..." Ashley wanted to continue to talk but I gave her my hand signal to stop.

"Do you love Andrew?" I asked.

"Of course I do! I love him with everything I have!" Ashley said.

"Then fucking take control of the situation, babe. You are a strong independent woman. Be a slut for him. Then make him beg for you. Be the stupid man's sex goddess! Take control, girl! Are you that fucking weak?!" I asked that as I smiled. Hoping she wouldn't smash my face and kill me.

Ashley didn't say anything so I joked... pushing her further into killing me.. "If you're that weak... oh my god andrew is so handsome.. maybe I will have sex with him. Don't you regret it, oh god! I love him as much as you do............."

I massaged my boobs violently as I stared at Ashley. Praying that she wouldn't kill me.

I drooled a lot but when I saw Ashley got into rage mode, I closed my eyes of tears and hoped for the best.

"H-How dare you!! AHHHH!!!!! HOW DARE YOU STEAL MY MAN!! AHHHH!!!!!" Ashley shouted at me like I'm her mortal enemy.

Nothing happened and I opened my eyes. "Do you really think I'm that stupid?" Ashley asked.

"Err...." I said.

"I know you're saying what you're saying to help me. I know all that okay!" Ashley said.

"I... I'm glad you get it. I don't really want to die... hahaha!" I said and all 3 of us girls laughed.

"I love all of you, male and female, aliens or humans, equally. You guys are my friends! I will never betray you... especially if you're in romantic love with Andrew, Ashley, my babe." I said.

Ashley smiled and Kate hugged me, "I was worried for a second but I promise. It was only for a second because i love the both of you!!"

All 3 of us hugged and I gave the comment that would change our lives... "If you really love me, why don't both of you support me by being a PN like me?"

*****

Kate, Ashley and I walked through the busy streets, drinking, laughing, but I was still the only one naked.

One thing good about the Sin of Lust bar was its location. It's right in the middle of the country and it's the town that never sleeps.

Day and night, women would be on display, begging men that walked by to come in for sex. Some women would be on the road, giving out brochures, kissing, and seducing the men into their sexual services. The rare ones like us women, were just walking through and enjoying the view. Of course, I'm completely naked so we got interrupted by the men.. a lot.

Countless number of men would block my way and asked for my price. I had to politely declined that I wasn't on sale. Some got very aggressive with me while they asked for my price. Like pulling my hair, spanking my butt, massaging my boobs.

Some even slapped my face when I told them I wasn't for sale. My girlfriends weren't helping me because they had to deal with this too. Being clothed didn't help in this dangerous street.

I walked to Kate and Ashley, pulled their hands and walked away. The men that were talking to them earlier, saw me naked and smiled as they followed us!

"We have to get out of here! G-Town isn't safe for any of us! Especially at night!" I said.

"Well of course we knew that already, babe." Ashley said.

"We just wanted you to get used to this... because sooner or later you will have to deal with this..." Kate said.

"Well thanks but it looks like it won't be sooner or later, it's now." I said as the 3 men from earlier followed us all the way.

Ashley stepped forward with her hands up. "Stop this guys! We are not for sale!"

"Oh really? All women are for sale here! The government doesn't even dare to step into this part of the country and yet you 3 lovely ladies think you can just walk in and walk out?" The men said. "Look at that chick, she's even completely naked."

"I'm sure we can negotiate something that will make all of us happy.. Sir." I stepped forward with my naked body.

"Wow! Okay. We're listening!"

"I'm a virgin, and I will be priced very high for selling it, but I'm giving it to you. Have your way with me and leave my friends alone." I said.

"Wow! Damn girl! Are you serious! No wait, are you really a virgin?"

"Do you want to check?"

The men smiled and laughed as they came closer to me. Kate and Ashley were helpless in these kind of situations. I knew Ashley could go into her rage mode and fight these 3 men off but we were still in G-Town.

The three men inspected my naked body with their hands as I tried to stand still. My boobs got massaged, butt rubbed, and my pussy got fingered. I trembled and let out a soft moan which they seemed to love.

"Wow! Your pussy is so tight! So you're really a virgin.."

"Yeah. S-So do we have a deal?"

"Yeah baby. We have a deal.. Follow me, your friends can leave."

"Not so fast. We have to escort them out of town first."

"That wasn't part of the deal."

"It was. The deal was to make my friends safe. So escort them out like proper gentlemen and you can turn into an animal when you have me later, or the deal's off."

"I like you. You're fiery. Fearless and sexy. Alright. Let's get your friends out first, but they will be walking in front without you. You, my dear. Will. Be. With. Us. Understand?"

"Yes I understand."

Kate and Ashley walked in front of us while the 3 men continued to tease my naked body. My butt was rubbed, pussy was stroked, but my boobs were untouched and on display for any passerby to see.

Kate and Ashley kept on turning and looking at me so I said, "Just keep walking and don't worry about me!"

The men laughed into my ears and whispered very sweet stuff to me. "You love being naked and exposed and on full display for men, don't you, baby? I bet you want us to fuck you right now even though you're a virgin! We will fuck you so hard that you wouldn't be able to enjoy sex without us ever again! Do you want that? Do you love that?"

I nodded my head and whispered, "Y-Yes Sir......"

My butt got spanked and I let out a loud moan. The other men staring at me, the men teasing me, all of them were either smiling or laughing at me... or both!

Kate and Ashley turned their heads again. I knew they were just worried about me but it was getting on my nerves. "Stop looking at me you fucking Sluts! Just keep walking until both of you are out of town so I can enjoy my sex with these lovely men!"

I felt a little sorry for saying that to my girlfriends but my thoughts quickly began to be filled with lust and desire and passion when the men touching me started to laugh and whispered into my ears again.

"You're horny aren't you, baby? Can't wait for us to ravish and eat you up completely, right?"

I nodded my head with a happy smile, "Yes Sir. I really can't wait much longer."

"How are you so horny as a virgin! You're born as a human or alpha?"

"Human, Sir. I'm completely human."

"Well you won't be for long. One of us is an alpha, in case you didn't know."

"Really? I never had a.. wait. I'm a fucking virgin, how would I know..."

The men laughed and finally my boobs got massaged by them. I let out very happy and loud moans, I even nearly forgot about my friends.

"Fuck me, Sir. Fuck me now!" I begged.

"Hang on, you still remember your friends right?"

"Fuck them! I.. Wait, sorry. I mean don't fuck them. Fuck me.. Fuck me, please?"

We were almost out of the town. It was such a long walk. I wanted to lose my virginity so fucking badly.

"This is the border, say goodbye to each other, babes!" The men said.

"B-Bye Kate! Bye Ashley! Keep going until both of you are back home and safe. I'll be here for... I don't know how long but I will contact you Sluts when I'm done. I promise!" I said as the men continued to tease me.

"Bye Candy. I hope you enjoy your first time...." Kate said to me but didn't look at me at all.

"Have fun, babe! Just remember that we will always be friends!" Ashley said to me and avoided looking directly at me.

"I love both of you! Bye bye!!" I said and the men guided my naked body and hair around and we started walking back to the lovely town.

"Ah! Yes! Finally!" I moaned happily.

"You really can't wait to fuck us, yeah?"

"Yes Sir. Fuck me right now if you want!"

"Let's not be hasty, I got a romantic place for you, since it's your first time, Candy."

I melted when the men said my name. I didn't even knew their names and I didn't care!

The lovely men led me back to the busy streets. Countless number of men looked at my naked body as I smiled and moaned happily.

"Wow! So beautiful!"

"So sexy and erotic!"

"So this is the prime molecule of the female human species."

"What a slut!"

"She's a slave! Look at that collar!"

"A slave or a PN?"

"Does it matter?"

"HAHAHAHAHAHA!!"

All these wonderful comments by the men came at me and I was so close to an orgasm. The 3 men that were handling me stopped and one of them said, "Alright, let's grab something to eat and you can head back home, Candy."

"W-What? N-No... NO! You're supposed to fuck me!" I said.

"Oh baby. I know that was the deal but we will not force a beautiful lady like yourself to do something you don't want to! We will let you go, don't worry!"

"N-No... Please... Please Sir! Please fuck me! PLEASE!" I cried.

The men laughed at me and patted my head, "That was just a joke, don't worry, we will fuck you as promised!"

I jokingly punched their stomach and said, "That wasn't very nice. Don't ever joke about it."

"Ouch. Haha! Don't worry, we will fuck you if you're being a good girl!"

"Just tell me what to do and I will do it, Sir."

"Get down on all fours and crawl, baby!"

"R-R-Right here? In public?" I asked.

"Yeah baby. Is there a problem?"

"N-No Sir.."

"You do want us to fuck you right?"

"Yes Sir..."

"So......."

I quickly got down on all fours and crawled naked in public.

"Good girl! Now follow us closely!"

"Yes Sir!"

A few men that saw me crawling naked in public, spanked my butt and I gave a loud moan.

After the 7th spank, I orgasmed as the men laughed and cheered for me. I laughed together with the men and continued to crawl while following the lovely men.

"Get in here." The men said and I saw women in their lingerie on display at the huge windows again.

I crawled into the store and it was very bright! Much brighter than I had expected and it blinded my eyes for a full minute.

"Hey sexy, do you want a good time?" A woman came and put her hands on the man leading me.

The man slapped her face and shouted, "Are you new? I'm the owner here, you slut!"

The woman looked at a man I guessed to be her pimp and looked at my man again and apologized. "I'm sorry, Boss. Please forgive me!"

Boss said, "No, I don't forgive you! From now onwards, you will always be naked and your price will be cut by half!"

"Yes Boss. Thank you!" The woman said and went back to her pimp.

Boss said, "I found a virgin and I'm going to have a lot of fun with her. Her name is Candy, she's a PN and a fucking virgin! Do not disturb me!"

Everyone, males and females, bowed down, including the 2 men that were with us.

The man pulled my hair and walked up the stairs. I followed him willingly but had difficulty keeping up with the stairs as I was on all fours. He was patient and waited for me. He slowed down his pace when he saw that I was struggling to keep up.

I crawled up a few flight of stairs until finally I crawled into a room.

The man turned on the lights and went off to do his own thing instead of paying attention to me. I waited on all fours, desperately wanting him to fuck me, but I didn't dare to speak without permission after what I've just saw.

The man sat on his chair which looked like a throne and said, "Come to me, Candy."

I crawled towards the man until I'm at least 2 meters away from him and said, "Greetings, my majesty!"

We looked into each other eyes for a second and both of us started to laugh out loud! "Your Majesty? What the fuck! Hahaha!" He said.

"Well your chair looks like a throne, and I didn't want to upset you... Especially after you completely humiliated that woman just now... Sir." I said.

"That wasn't a complete humiliation. And that woman was my ex girlfriend. She fell in love with her current pimp when she was still in a relationship with me." He said.

"That's awful! I'm sorry you have to go through that!" I said.

"It's okay. After that I build this place and saw her years later. What did you think I did when I saw her as one of my employees?"

"Well, Sir. Did you fuck her?" I asked.

"Yeah I did." He said.

"Was it consensual?" I asked.

"She beg me for it so I could increase her pay. She needed money for her pimp."

"Did you increase her pay?"

"Yes I did."

"Erm... Are you going to fuck me? Sir?" I asked.

"Only if you want to. Like I said I don't force women into doing stuff they don't want to do." He said.

"Please Fuck me, Sir." I begged. "We had a deal! Please do it! Take me!"

"Alright sweetheart." He said and stood up. He walked towards me and pulled my hair, "Follow me."

"Can't we just do it here?" I asked.

The man laughed and said "Do you want me to fuck you here?"

"Well yes. It's kinda hot. I'm naked and a king like you having sex with me.. That will be so hot!!" I said.

"Alright Candy, whatever you want." He said and guided me back to his throne looking chair.

I looked up at him on all fours on the floor as he sat on his throne, he looked at me as if waiting for me to do something.

I quickly crawled around and showed him my butt. I wiggled my butt as I said, "Fuck me, My King!"

The man laughed and fucked my pussy, gently.

I screamed out loud when I felt his dick entering my pussy.

"You are a fucking slave, yes!" He asked.

"Ah! Yes my king! Ah!"

"You are my slave!" He said as he continued fucking me.

"Yes! Oh God yes! I am your slave! Ah!"

The man fucked me non stop even after my third orgasm, until he shot his cum inside my pussy.

"You are my Slave now. Call me Master." Master said.

"Ah... Yes.. Master..." I replied.

I fell asleep on the floor after my amazing first time.

