The Camping Trip

MFMF group swapping


It was one of the sexiest situations Ive ever been in. Hearing my wife getting fucked by another man while at the same time enjoying the assets of his woman. Heres the story of how this happened.


My wife is 46 years old and keeps herself in wonderful shape. She has a body that women half her age would kill for. Shes 54 tall, weighs about 140 lbs and has a 34C-26-36 figure. Myself, Im 59 tall and weigh an appropriate 160 lbs. Pretty good for a 50 year old who doesnt exercise. 

My wife, Louise and I had recently purchased as smaller sized motorhome. It has sleeping facilities for six and a dining room slide-out to give a little bit more room to move around.  We use it 4 or 5 times a year on weekends to get out of the city. 

One weekend at home, we were joined by our good friend Linda and her guy Will. We cooked a nice roast beef meal and made sure to have some nice wine available. The conversation got around to the new motorhome and how much we enjoy getting out of town. Linda and Will seemed quite interested in the experience so we invited them to join us the next time we headed out. They accepted the invitation and we made arrangements to go camping a couple of weeks later. 

Let me say, Ive been semi-smitten with Linda for quite some time. But because Im married, we just became really good friends.  She is about the same height as Louise but a bit slimmer. Ive never asked but I figure she has a 32B-24-32 figure. Will is about the same size as me, maybe a little bit fitter.

The Friday came. Because we had everything packed up the night before, it took no time at all to get on the road because we only needed to bring their stuff on board and get going after they arrived. The trip to the camp ground was an enjoyable 2 hour drive.  

After we arrived, we set up the camp by plugging in all of the services. We gave Linda and Will a quick orientation on the facilities of the motorhome then  made supper. Nothing fancy. You dont need fancy when you have good company. As a foursome, we spent the evening exploring the facilities of the camp ground.  After it got dark, we retreated inside the coach to escape the chill.

We chatted aimlessly about anything and everything before finally turning in. We all said goodnight. Linda and Will headed to the queen size bunk above the cab and drew the curtain while Louise and I pulled the privacy screen around our bed at the back of the coach. 
We undressed and crawled under the covers. Louise snuggled into me like she does every night. I started caressing her neck and back. I was feeling a little frisky, so I rolled over into a more accessible position and started caressing her breasts. Because we had guests that were separated from us by two curtains and about 20 feet, she stopped me from going any further. So we snuggled a bit more before Louise rolled over and went to sleep.

It wasnt much later that I could hear some sounds coming from the other end of the coach. I couldnt make out what was going on but soon enough, I thought I heard a soft, feminine moan. I didnt think much of it until I heard another moan followed by some rustling. Then Linda quietly told Will that they would have to keep the noise down. Because it was so quiet in the coach, I could hear the condom wrapper being torn open. I knew what was going on and my cock started to respond. 

Some more rustling was followed by two mutual groans from the front of the coach. It was quite obvious that Will had planted his cock into Linda.  I could hear the rhythmic movements of the two of them moving against the other. Linda was starting to get a little bit louder as I heard her moan, That feels wonderful, Will. Fuck me as deep as you can. He seemed to respond with extra vigour. It was then that I realized that the movements and sounds from them had inspired me to mindlessly stroke my own cock. Soon enough, it became quite evident that Linda was coming. Her breathing had become ragged as Will continued to slide his latex covered cock into her slippery women parts. When her orgasm hit, it was obvious. Fuck meeeeee. Ohhhhhh, fuck meeeee. The movement stopped as Will grunted, Im coming, too! Unknown to them, my cock began to spurt at the same time. A three-way, simultaneous orgasm and two of the parties did not even know. 

They both giggled a bit as they came down from their sexual high. Almost as if they figured they were getting away with something. I waited ten to fifteen minutes before I got up and went to the washroom to clean up. Hopefully, they would figure I just woke up and needed to use the head. 

We all slept until about 9 the next morning.  We casually sat, eating breakfast, drinking coffee and discussing what we would do that day. Linda and Will were sun worshippers. Their idea of a relaxing Saturday afternoon was to sit by the lake and catch some rays. Louise doesnt like to sit around for too long. But, we decided we could join the other couple for a little while then do something on our own when we got bored. 

After noon, we all changed into something more task appropriate than loose fitting t-shirts and sweat pants.  Keeping our t-shirts, Will and I put on our swim trunks and went outside to wait for the ladies to take their turns in the coachs washroom. Linda came out first wearing a hot looking red bikini top and a pair of short shorts. A few minutes later, Louise emerged wearing her most revealing bikini top and bottoms with a matching wrap.  Having never seen Louise dressed that way, Will remarked that the looked was very appealing. I added that Linda was going to be getting a lot of looks with her outfit as well. The ladies just laughed us off. But I was starting to have impure thoughts about Linda, especially after hearing her and Will fuck the night before.

The four of us headed down to the beach. We set ourselves up and settled down to do some ray catching. After about an hour, Louise had enough of sitting so we decided to leave Will and Linda to continue their bronzification and went for a walk. 

We headed along a path that took us away from the beach. We walked through the wooded area around the lake for a bit. We came across a slightly over grown side path that led up a small hill. We figured we had nothing to loose so we headed up the path. It took us to a small, secluded clearing that had a beautiful view of the lake.  As we took in the view, I moved up behind Louise and put my arms around her. She leaned back into me the way she does just to let me know how much she loves me. I aimlessly started to stroke her side and bare belly. Louise uttered a small sigh. As I continued to hold and caress her, my hand made its way down to her hip and I was soon stroking her thigh. She continued to lean back against me enjoying the view and the attention I was giving her. 

The next thing I know, Im sporting a raging erection and my fingers are caressing the crotch of Louises bikini bottom. Louise adjusted herself to give me better access. When she did this, she pushed her ass against me and felt how hard my cock had become. I kissed her neck and nibbled on her ear as my hand moved down inside the front of her bottoms across her smooth, shaved pubic area. I let my fingers delve into her slit, teasing the top of her clit. She mildly protested that we might be seen. I just reminded her of the seclusion of where we were. She reached up, caressed the side of my head and let me proceed. 

Slowly, I moved my hand further into her bikini. Soon I had my fingers at her wet opening. I slowly probed first with one finger then two. My other hand moved up and cupped her breast as my fingers found her g-spot. Her hand reached down over top of the bikini material and covered my hand. My fingers started a rhythmic fucking motion. Louise began to moan softly as I squeezed her tit and finger fucked her. She pressed her ass against my hard on. Soon enough, she was feeling weak in the knees. I knew her orgasm was imminent. My thumb joined the carnal activities and started rubbing her clit as my two fingers continued the stroking inside her cunt.  Louise started to convulse as her orgasm hit her hard. She took her free hand and covered her mouth to keep the volume down. After a few minutes, she pulled my hands out of her bottoms so she could recover.  She turned around and gave me one of the most erotic kisses I have ever been given. 

We lay down on the grass and cuddled for a bit. While I had not gotten any relief, I was quite content just to lie there holding Louise. So content that we both fell asleep for a short time. When we woke up, we realized that it had been awhile since we left Linda and Will at the beach, so we made our way back. 

We found Linda and Will where we had left them, although they were a little more bronzed that earlier. We headed back to the RV, stopping to pick up some wine and beer to go with our supper. 

We got back to the RV and cooked ourselves a nice little supper which we ate at the picnic table outside. After eating, we continued to sit outside enjoying the conversation and beverages. Before we knew it, it had gotten dark out so we took our little party into the coach. As often happens when close friends have been indulging for a while, the talk got more risque as they evening wore on. What started out with some off colour jokes eventually turned into a blatantly sexual conversation.

I'm going to say that it was the booze that had loosened her inhibitions, but Louise seldom talks about anything sexual. The topic moved to discussing our various experiences. Louise and I talked about our afternoon activities without giving away that it was today that I had masturbated her to an outdoor orgasm. As we told our story, I could see that Linda and Will were both breathing more shallow than usual. 

When we were done, Linda told us of the night she lost her virginity. She had just turned 18 and was out with some friends. After hitting the local clubs, the group, which was 3 guys and 2 girls, ended up at one of the guy's houses. They began playing, of all juvenile things, spin the bottle. 

Linda continued the story in great detail. Will, Louise and I were in her spell as she went on to describe the carnal festival that ensued. In the end, she had fucked all three guys and had had her cunt cleaned by the other girl in the group. 

By now, it was quite plain to everybody that we were all getting very turned on.  Not having changed our attire from this afternoon, the tenting in my and Will's swim trunks was quite evident. The girl's cheeks were flush. Sexual tension was high. The girls still being in their bikinis did not do anything to counter to situation. 

The girls, noticing our situation, decided that we should play truth or dare. 

Yea, I know. For people our age, it seems silly but under the circumstances, it seemed like the right thing to do. We decided that the person with the lowest level of fluid in their drink would go first. That was Linda. She choose truth. Louise asked if she had ever had sex outdoors. Pretty tame stuff. Linda responded that she had. Having answered her question, it was now my turn to choose. I took truth. She started by reminding everybody about her story and then asked me if I had ever sucked a cock. I very quickly answered that I had not. 

The first round continued with truths. Louise admitting that she had in fact been involved in a three-way and Will saying the strangest place he had ever had sex was on his office desk. 

We refreshed our drinks and carried on. Deciding to go in reverse order, Will chose a dare. Louise, who as I said before tends to be shy, mulled over this and decided to go big and dared Will to drop his trunks. If I recall, her exact words were, You don't look very comfortable, I dare you to take your swim trunks off. Will looked at Linda, who gave an approving glance, then stood up, turned around and dropped his drawers. After tossing them toward the front of the RV, he turned around and displayed all his glory. Will's cock is about the same length as mine but is a little bit thicker. 

Louise was next and chose a dare as well. I dared her to lean over and give Will's hard-on a few strokes. She got out of her seat, went over to Will, knelt down and gently cupped his balls and jacked him for about 30 seconds. Will just let his head fall back and enjoyed my wife's touch on his cock. 

Not wanting to feel left out, I asked for a dare as well. Linda deciding that if her guy could be exposed, I should be, dared me to get completely naked. So, I made a big show of it. I stood up, and mimicking the strippers I had seen in my youth, took my shirt off as seductively as I could (how seductively can a guy take off a t-shirt). I then slowly removed my trunks exposing my shaved cock and balls for all to see. Linda was very interested in that fact.  

Linda was last in this round and like the rest of us, chose dare. So I dared her to let me take her bikini top off. She looked at Will, then Louise and finally said OK. We both stood up. I faced her. She put her arms around my neck as I reached around her and undid the tie behind her back and around her neck. The top fell to the floor exposing her absolutely beautiful breasts. Her nipples hardened a bit as the slightly cooler air took its effect. 

So, there I am totally naked. My wife fully covered, Linda with exposed tits and Will with a jutting hard-on. Even more tension filled the coach. 

Reversing the order again, Linda asked for another dare. Will, looked at Louise and then dared Linda to kneel down and suck my cock for 30 seconds. My cock got even harder than it already was. Linda wasn't too sure about it and looked in Louise's direction. My wife looked at her and  said it was part of the game. So, Linda licked her lips, got between my legs and took my cock into her warm and inviting mouth. She began to move her mouth up and down my cock, dragging her tongue sensually over the bottom side of my cock. Having done this about six times, she pulled her mouth off of me, kissed the tip of my cock and resumed her seat. 

My turn for a dare. Will looked at me and the dared me to suck on his partner's tits. I didn't have to be told twice. I went over to Linda and took her left nipple in my mouth and gently sucked it while stroking her right tit. I suckled for a few seconds then gently let go of the nipple and nibbled my way from left to right. Linda took my head in her hands and held me close. I'm pretty sure this went on longer than it was supposed to. I heard an ahem from Louise so I stopped what I was doing and sat back in my seat.

Louise took another dare and was dared by Linda to remove her bikini bottom and then rub Will's cock up and down her slit. Louise was a bit taken aback by the suggestion considering she was being asked, in front of her husband, to pleasure herself on another man's cock. For me, it was close to a dream. Yes, Louise had engaged in a three-way but I wasn't one of the guys. She looked at me. I nodded yes to her. She stood up and removed her bikini bottom, exposing a pussy that was just as bald as my cock. Will adjusted his position as Louise moved over to him. She took his cock and held it right up against his belly. Then, she straddled his hips and positioned her wet cunt just above him. She slowly lowered herself and started to move her hips back and forth along the length of Will's rod. It was evident that she was enjoying herself as she closed her eyes and slumped forward on Will's chest. Soon, she was moaning. I looked at Linda noticed her hand moving  inside her bikini bottom. Using my eyes, I hinted that maybe we should climb into the above cab bunk and leave Louise and Will to themselves. 

Linda pulled her hands out of her pussy, took my hand and let the way to the front of the coach. As we climbed up into the bunk, Iooked over my shoulder and noticed Louise taking Will to the bed at the back. This was unbelievable. 

Linda and I got comfortable and I went back to her tits. I gently stroked her nipples while I nibbled on her neck. She purred in response and ran her fingers through my chest hair. I moved into position and pulled her bikini clad crotch into mine. We ground like this for a few moments. She pushed me away and started stroking my cock.

In the mean time, I heard Louise moan. I'm not sure what Will was doing with her but she was enjoying it. 

I reached down and passed my hand over Linda's bikini covered cunt and couple of times and decided that the covering had to come off. I got up on my knees, reached down and took hold of each side of the bikini and lowered it. I got more excited as I saw her trimmed but hair covered cunt come into view. I looked to the back of the RV and saw Will with his head between Louise's legs, licking her as if he had never tasted pussy before. Louise's head was thrashing back and forth. Right about then, she grabbed his head and cried out. Aaaaarrrrggghhh. God. Ooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhh. Yeeesssssssssssssssssssssss as she came on his face.

I laid back down next to Linda and began to caress her cunt lips while kissing her mouth. She stroked my cock a few more times then whispered in my ear, Fuck me. Fuck me now! I raised myself up and positioned my cock at the entrance of her cunt. I slowly moved my cock up and down her slit, making her even more cock crazy than she had been. I looked over and Will was in the same position with my wife as I was with his girl. 

Linda gripped my hips and began to pull me in. The feeling of a strange pussy on my cock was intoxicating. I continued to push slowly as Linda's legs wrapped around my back and pulled me deeper. My ears heard a moan that wasn't coming from Linda so I knew that Will had buried his cock into my wife, her first strange cock in over 15 years. That spurred me on. I started slowly thrusting my cock in and out of Linda's cunt. She pulled me close and started frenching me. I eagerly accepted her tongue in my mouth. I reached up and started tweaking her left nipple as I grabbed her ass and pulled her harder onto my cock. All the while, hearing the familiar sounds of my wife getting fucked. Only it wasn't me do the fucking. I was getting more turned on my the minute.

Linda was beginning to moan the way she did the night before. Louise was emitting the familiar sounds of sex. Soon, Linda began to chant, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me hard. Louise was moaning in pleasure as Will continued to fill her cunt with his fuck tool. Then, I head the unmistakeable wail of Louise cumming for the second time this evening. I looked over just as Will grunt and ground his cock as deep as it would go. I saw his ass cheeks clenching as he unloaded his sperm deep into my wife. 

I whispered into Linda's ear, they just came. She started grinding her cunt into me as I picked up the pace and fucked her hard and deep. The sensation around my cock was getting to be more than I could handle. Thankfully, Linda began to cum as I increased my pace. I'm cummmmminnnnnnnnnnnnng, screamed Linda. At that moment the sensation in my balls reached a crescendo and exploded inside her. 

After a few minutes of rest, we individually made our way to the washroom to clean ourselves up. We all hugged each other and retired to our respective beds. 

The next morning, nothing was said about the previous evening. We had breakfast, cleaned up the campsite and went back home.

A few days later, Louise sheepishly brought up the subject of our Saturday night romp with Will and Linda. She was a little confused and ashamed of what had happened. I simply looked into her eyes and asked if she had enjoyed herself. She looked at the floor and was silent for a moment. Eventually, she looked up and said, Yes. I told her that I loved her and always would and that I had enjoyed Linda as much as she had enjoyed Will. I then asked if she wanted to repeat that evening. 

Maybe.


