This story is a true life experience of a friend of mine who is now
in a quandary. Sometimes when we sit together for a drink of beer,
he opens his heart out to me. The other day I had told him about the
erotic stories I wrote and he checked it on the web. He was
surprised because he used to consider me as a very straightforward
guy, clean, decent and leading a very happy married life (which I
am, off course). The first thing after reading the story he asked
me was whether I was fucking (screwing is the word he used) his
wife. I just laughed and denied that. Readers. Let that be a
suspense for everybody.
This guy Hari, is a around 35 years and a good family friend of
ours. He is an intellectual, teaches in a local college and has a
lot of publications under his name.
His only vice is that in the evening, after leaving office, he
visits a local pub (bar), has a couple of drinks and then drives
home. He is married, has a beautiful wife (readers, don't get ideas)
and has 3 children. Two boys and one girl, all attending the local
school. He is an excellent father and husband and in our friends
circle he is the most stable guy (as far as character is concerned).
The other day, our families were together and suddenly after a
couple of drinks, he looked at me and said that he wanted my help.
Now this was a surprise- I can't ever imagine a guy like him asking
for help. Surprise, surprise.
NOW LET ME TELL YOU THE STORY IN HIS OWN WORDS------ (REMEMBER
FRIENDS, IT IS HARI WHO IS GOING TO NARRATE HIS SHORT AND BRIEF
STORY).

I (Hari) as usual visited my regular bar around 5.30 P.M.. I had a
hectic day and just wanted to relax, have a couple of drinks and
leave. The moment I walked in the bar and took a seat at the bar
table, the barman saw me and brought my regular peg of scotch on the
rocks. Leisurely, I took a sip and looked around. The bar was almost
empty as the evening was about to start and the local clientele was
just walking in. I knew almost all the people there and we all
exchanged pleasantries. They all knew me and called me as
Professor. There was John and Bob and Daniel accompanied by Carol.
Suddenly my attention turned to a new face. She was sitting alone in
a corner and sipping a clear drink with a lime in it. I presumed, it
must be gin and tonic.
As I was staring at her she looked at me and I, in a polite gesture,
lifted my drinks to acknowledge her presence. She just smiled and
that caught my attention. This was a Caucasian (WHITE) female, with
blonde hair reaching her shoulders, blue eyes and a beautiful smile.
Her dimples was deep and that floored me. Well, here I was an asian
admiring the blue eyed, blonde women. Suddenly from across the room,
I heard John calling out  `Prof, how about a game'. Now I was good
in playing Pool table games (billiards and snooker) and playing
against me was always a challenge for others. I called out  `later'.
I saw the blue eyed lady getting up and going to the loo (toilet)
and after sometime, I saw a shadow fall near me and when I looked
up, it was the blue eyed witch. She was tall about 5'8', my height,
and really slim. She looked to be around 25  28 years. She had
small pointed boobs (breast), a round buttocks and long tapering
legs. (She reminded me of a better version of BO DEREK). She had a
gown type dress with shoulders bare and the dress was clinging on to
her body, showing of her figure. She smiled and her dimples again
bloomed, and asked me whether she could join me for drinks. I had no
hesitation in agreeing to her request. She introduced herself as
Barbara and said that she was working in the radiology department of
the local hospital. She had a sweet husky voice and a disarming
smile. How time flew while talking to her, I did not realize. We
seemed to have the same interest and I could freely discuss my
subject matter and she seemed to be very knowledgeable and a good
listener.
When I checked the time it was already 8.30 P.M. and I should have
been in my house by now. I immediately took leave telling her that I
had to be with my wife and kids as they were expecting me. I could
feel a shadow fall on her face but immediately she excused herself
and I was on my way. I was feeling sexually excited and on reaching
home , I caught my wife in the kitchen by surprise and held her
tightly to me. She is a typical Indian housewife, around 5'3",
beautiful to look at with round face and big eyes, slightly carries
an extra few pounds on her waist and buttocks. That night, I fucked
her royally, made her naked, kissed her boobs and was on top of her
inserting my lund in her choot. I must have fucked her for a long
time and probably made love to her a couple of times. She was
surprised at my ardor and seemed to enjoy the fuck.
The next day, I was remembering Barb a lot and reached the bar
early. I sat there with my usual scotch and at 5.30P.M., I saw Barb
entering. Tonight she was wearing a very casual dress of Jeans and
top. She looked around and on seeing me, walked towards me and
joined me. She ordered gin and tonic. We sat and started talking.
She was interesting to be with and somehow, the time just flew in
her presence. She also seemed to enjoy my company, because inspite
of all the attention she was getting from others she seemed to
prefer my company. After sometime, she invited me to the pool table
and challenged em to a game. The others felt, I would beat her
easily, but she turned out to be a fighter and it was a tough game.
During the seesion, sometimes, in the spirit of the game, she used
to hug me and tap my bottom at pther times. Finally, by a small
margin I could beat her and I knew that I had met my match. We want
back to our table and started a last round of drinks. She told me
that she was single and not attached. She was interested in knowing
about my family and I was very open with her about my family life.
We sat and chatted for some time and seeing the time was around 9.00
P.M., I took leave. Now for the next two weeks we were together all
the time in the bar. In the third week after completing the drinks
and pool table game we walked out together towards the car park. She
accompanied me to the car parking area and as I escorted her towards
her car, she turned looked at me and said  `Mr. Hari, you are a
very interesting man and I really enjoy your company'. We were
standing very close and she reached forward to embrace me to thank
me. I also hugged her and as we stood close facing each other, I
kissed her. She responded immediately and for the next few minutes
we were tightly holding each other and kissing. I could feel the
taste of her saliva, gin and tonic and a sweet smell. Her tongue was
probing deep inside my mouth and when our tongues met, we were
trying to lick, slide and make love with our tongue. Finally, we
parted and seeing that we were still excited, she pulled me in her
car and her hands were on the zipper of my pants. She opened it and
lowering my underwear, she had my lund in her hand. She again kissed
me and was slowly shagging my lund. It was all exciting. She pushed
me back and bent down and took my lund in her mouth. She seemed to
be well experienced and in no time had me spurting in her mouth. It
was a big load. Feeling her tongue sliding on me and her mouth
trying to suck my whole life out through my lund was a real
pleasure. I held her head on my lund and till I had not spurted out
the last drop, I held it tight. She swallowed the whole cum and
finally slid beside me and kissed me passionately. We kissed and
after sometime with heavy heart I took her leave.
That evening again I was really feeling aroused and without waiting
for any time, I pulled my wife into the bedroom and was on top of
her, fucking her like crazy.
Next day again. I was early to the bar and by now the barman knew
that I had something going on with the lady. She was there on time
and on seeing me, smiled and came to me and hugged me and kissed me
passionately. The other guys in the bar whistled and clapped with
comments like the -'The professor seems to be taken, the professor
has met his match, Hey professor, you seem to be a sex guru, hey
professor, give us a chance..". She laughed gaily and I had a
stupid grin on my face. Our drinks came and we were sipping it and
she made me feel at ease and we were back to enjoying each others
company. As usual, we played a pool game and she beat me that day
and while walking to the car, we kissed. Our hands were all over
each others body. When my hands moved towards her choot/cunt, she
pushed it away and said press my breast. I took her small upturned
breast in my hand and was pressing it and was surprised to feel the
big erect nipples. I took it in my mouth and by this time she had my
zipper open and had my lund in her mouth. She sucked and swallowed
and moved her tongue over my prick/lund and finally I spurted out
the whole cum in her mouth. She swallowed the whole and finally we
lay in each other arms. We stayed like that for a long time and
finally after a final kiss we parted. Now this became a regular
schedule. I could feel a change within me. I started dreaming about
her all the time and wanted to see her all the time.
We kept meeting regularly everyday and having oral sex (only she
sucking me dry) when we met.
After three weeks, one day when I went to the bar, and waited, she
failed to come. I was feeling restless and finally at 9.00 P.M., I
left. I felt lost and terrible. The next day in office I felt very
impatient and was not in a good mood. That evening again she failed
to turn up. When she did not turn in the third day, I felt that she
may have left me and was cursing my luck. Finally, on the fourth day
she turned up. I had not shaved that day and had a one day growth on
my face. She walked in and that day was looking very sexy. A loose
top and a knee length skirt. On seeing me, she called out and rushed
to me and hugged me tightly. Then we kissed passionately. As usual
there were wolf calls and whistles around. She sat very near to me
and said that she missed me a lot and was worried that she may not
see me again. I said that even I felt the same. She shyly asked
whether we were falling in love or something. My mood was upbeat and
I was feeling happy. We drank our regular quota and I told her that
we should leave early.
In the car, we kissed passionately and stayed like that for some
time. Finally, she told me that she had emergency work at the
hospital and also had to leave town for an emergency work. That's
the reason for not meeting me the past three days. She was missing
me very much and since she did not have any contact number, she
could not inform me. We exchanged our numbers and as usual we
started playing with each others body. Except for her choot, she
allowed me to touch all her body parts. Today was different, she
took me in her mouth and I came. Her top was open and I was
alternatively sucking and pressing her boobs, kissing her nipples
and also biting it. We were kissing again and her hands were on my
lund shagging it. We were exchanging small pleasantries and also
kissing each other. Finally, my lund was erect and straining to feel
her. She whispered in my ears that she wanted to be fucked anally.
While saying that she bit my earlobes. It was erotic and I didn't
think much. She had a facial cream in her bag and asked me to use
that as a lubricant. I was worried that I may hurt her but she
turned and lifted her skirt. She asked me to insert my lund in her
and also press her breast. I took the cream and used it on her anus,
by inserting my fingers in. In the meantime she caringly had her
hands back and was applying the cream on my lund. I held her waist
and positioned myself and inserted it in her anus. It was tight but
due to the lubricant was slowly yielding to my pressure. It went in
slowly and I could hear her gasp and shout as she was calling out to
me to slam her. Finally in one push, I had my penis/prick/lund in
her anus and then bent forward and took her breast in my palms. I
went on fucking her anally and she was grunting, every time I humped
into her. We did that for some time and finally, I could feel a rush
and I was spent. My cum rushed in her anus and I when I took my
flaccid lund out, I could see my cum trickling out of her anus. She
straightened herself and kissed me. Now all this action was
happening in her car which was parked in a corner of the bar parking
area. We lay in each others arms and she was caressing my face. We
kissed again and for a moment, I was lost to the world. It was as if
we were made for each other. The more she kissed or took me in her
mouth, the more passion I felt for her. It was as if I was being
drawn by a witch. I was becoming hers. Even she seemed to be in love
with me.
After a couple of months we finally decided to take off on a working
day and meet outside. I picked her up from her hospital and drove
out of the city as I did not want any known people to see me. We
went to a city which is about 2 hours drive from ours (130 miles).
We visited some tourist spots there and were moving around as if
were recently married, passionately kissing at all places and
feeling each other up. She was giggling and behaving like a small
kid and I was enjoying her exuberance and for a change felt young
again. Finally, we ate lunch and then checked into a motel. The
moment we entered the room I took her in my arms. Here was a real
beautiful person, lying in my hands. I laid her on the bed and was
on top of her. She giggled and then embraced me. Her legs and arms
were encircling me and tightened around me. We were kissing each
other, her wet mouth and lips were crazily sucking my lips and
mouth. The passion building up could be felt in the room. We
disentangled ourselves and were on each other removing the clothes.
She told me, she would love to do so and I just lie there. She
undressed me totally and as usual took me in her mouth. I had my
hands on her boobs. She had still not opened and removed her pants.
I could feel my lund straining and then I came in a shattering
climax. I shuddered and she licked me dry. Then she was on top of me
and I started trying to open her pants. She seemed hesitant to open
her pants and exposing herself. I enquired whether there was any
specific reason for that. She shied away and said the usual
problems. She had also a strained look at that time. I thought
probably she was right. We were kissing and she was trying to give
me all the fun and pleasure. Finally she said  `fuck me anally'. I
said dear, I would love to eat your cunt/choot and then fuck you
there too. I wanted to share the pleasure I felt with you too'. She
kissed me again and then played with my lund. Her erect nipples and
small breast (a handful) strained for attention and I was squeezing
it. I lund was turning stiff and erect and then she bent herself in
doggie style and I entered her from back. I penetrated her anus and
then holding her waist started banging her with all my heart. One
time my hand left her waist and reached her choot. Before she could
react or remove my hand from there, I felt her choot and was
surprised to feel a lund there. It was small lund. I was surprised.
I pulled my lund out instantly from her gaand / anus and turned her
and took her pants off. She looked frightened and lifeless. There
were tears in her eyes. On lowering her pants and her undies/briefs,
I was surprised to see a lund there. It was small about 2 inches and
rosy. The whole choot or the front side was very fair, clean shaved
with the rosy lund straining out. I was shocked. There was no choot
at all.
NOW I AM NOT A GAY AND HAD NEVER THOUGHT ABOUT FUCKING ANY
TRANSEXUALS OR SHEMALES.
(readers, please note that I have nothing against any Gay or lesbian
community and feel equally at ease in presence of everybody, but I
don't have the Gay orientation nor i am interested in it)
Yes, it is a fact that I was surprised, angry and a bit excited by
the whole scenario. I did not know how to react. I acted silly then.
I just wore my dress and walked out. My car was still in front of
the motel room. I had left the keys back in the room. I walked out
and walked for an hour or so, till I had a clear head.
Finally after a couple of hours I returned. I saw that Barb had been
crying and had her dress back on. She was sitting in a corner on the
chair and had her face in her hands.
I stayed quiet for sometime and then told her - `Barb, lets go. Let
me drop you back'. She murmured-'Thanks' and slowly got up and moved
towards the car.
The ride back was quiet and there was tension in the air.
When I turned to look at her, I found her staring straight, vacantly
at the road and tears flowing down her cheeks.
As I told you earlier, she was very beautiful and erotic to look at
and I could not remain angry with her for long. I asked her  `Why
Barb, why did you hide it from me'. She sobbed.
After sometime, she said-`Hari, I wanted to tell you about myself a
longtime back, but I was afraid that I would loose your friendship.
You are the first man after a longtime who made me feel good about
myself and I have really enjoyed your company. Your friendship was
more important to me than anything else. From a young age, I knew
that I was a girl from inside even though I had this prick/lund
which classified me as a boy. I had girlish features and I was made
fun of, all my school days. It is only a few years back, I have been
able to exert my feminism and I am taking some hormone injections
and drugs to completely transform myself. The other day when I did
not see you for a couple of day, I had been to a doctor to check on
castrating my penis and getting a vagina built in. But I have been
asked to wait for a couple of months for the hormonal treatment to
fully take over before getting the operation done. Whenever I am
with you, I feel real feminine and get all excited. I know you have
a loving wife and kids and I know that you will not leave them but I
cannot think of staying away from you and I was ready to accept the
small amount of time you were with me. I am in love with you and the
more I got close to you, the more I was worried that I would lose
you. And is that not what is happening now. ---- She cried a bit
more. I was quiet the whole drive and not sure where all this was
leading to.
Finally, I reached her hospital and dropped her. She looked at me
and said-'hari, I am sorry, I apologize and would like to see you
again. Can we be at least friends'. I told her that I would require
sometime to think over it. I drove off.
It has been one week since I have last seen her. I have stopped
going to the bar. She called me once and left a message.
I AM CONFUSED AND DO NOT KNOW WHAT TO DO.
HARIS' STORY ENDS HERE.

Now this is LWYSLV here. I heard Hari's story and thought about all
the incidents he recounted. I realized hari is still crazy about
that female "Barbara". I asked Hari on if he still liked her, why
can't he be friends with her and enjoy the sex. But Hari still has
to get over her penis issue. He says he can't understand whether he
is with a women or man now. If I had such a beautiful person as my
companion, I would not be bothered about such trivial issues like
Hari, but then no two person are the same.
READERS. Your help needed here. Can anybody give a good suggestion
on the course of action hari should take.
You can always contact me on lwyslv@... or
lwyslv@...






