Author: Alexander
Title: Cynthia's Education
Part: 7
Summary: Nathan's sister Angie walks in on him and he masturbates for
her
Keywords: mf, teen, exhib, public, oral, masturbation, incest

   Sunday, May 20, 1984.

   I awoke with a start (for the second time that morning).  This time it
was my door banging open as my sister Angie stormed in.  The clock said
9:20.  I had gotten home last night at 4:45.  "Jesus, what!" I exclaimed. I
had fallen into bed naked.  In my warm room during the night the sheet had
slipped almost completely off and now I was covered by just a corner. 
"Your girlfriends are out again." "What?  So?" "So don't you want to watch
them again?" "Maybe.  But I'm sleeping.  What do you care?" "I want to
watch." My cock sprang to life under the sheet.  Had I heard that right?

   She closed the door and moved to the window.  "Oh.  My.  God," she said
melodiously.  "What?" "You'll have to see for yourself," she said, and
stepped to one side, inviting me to join her.  "Christ," I mumbled under my
breath, and kicking the sheet to one side, stood next to her, naked, my
cock now long and thick and standing out from my body, maybe three quarters
erect.  When my eyes fell on the two Blossom asses wiggling in the yard
across the street, my cock jumped to full rigidity, pointing up into the
sky above the Blossom household.  "Wow," Angie said, glancing sidelong down
at my pole.

   The Blossom mre and fille were wearing matching tennis skirts, white
and pleated.  Both skirts were entirely too short, not even in the
neighborhood of appropriate, or had been hiked up, the hems of each ended
maybe an inch below where their ass cracks started, so their entire asses,
wide and narrow, were exposed.  Both pairs of knees were spread wide apart,
and both backs were arched as they dug weeds out of the flower bed, pushing
their asses and pussies backward between their thighs.  The Blossom mre
was wearing a white string bikini for panties, so that the wrinkles of her
mature but apparently hairless asshole were visible to either side, and
only the narrowest triangle of cloth wrapped around those big pussy lips
that I had noticed yesterday evening.

   As fantastic as Mrs.  Blossom looked, truly a spectacle any of my
magazines would have paid dearly for, her nine-year-old daughter had her
beat, for Cynthia had forgone panties altogether.  Her hairless, puffy
pussy lips and flawless butthole were spread open between her narrow little
ass cheeks.  Her butthole was so smooth and perfect that it was difficult
actually to see it at all from this distance.  The slit between her cunt
lips was stretched open enough to see the still featureless pink between
them.  Both the Blossom asses gyrated seductively as they stabbed at the
ground with their garden trowels.

   "Look at that little pussy," Angie said to me.  "Isn't it weird that
that narrow little thing is going to grow into that sexual siren on the
right?" she asked.  "I wonder how long it will take," I replied.  "You're
not developed like that yet, are you?" "I am fully developed, thank you
very much.  I just don't look like a whore." "Are you kidding?  Mrs. 
Blossom is hot." "I think you have a thing for the other one." My cock
twitched.  "Whatever," I retorted.  "Wow, look at that," Angie said,
glancing down at my cock again, where a big glistening drop of pre-come had
oozed out of the tip.  "So, will you let me watch?" she asked me seriously,
not teasing anymore.  "Sit down on the bed," I told her.  She obeyed, then
stared at my hard cock now twitching at eye level.  I nudged my leg between
her knees so she would spread them apart, and stepped between her thighs so
my cock hovered just a few inches from her face.

   My sister is a beautiful girl, but plain.  She has long straight auburn
hair, warm brown eyes, and a beautiful wide mouth that has this sexy thing
it does when she is nervous or embarrassed, smiling and nibbling her lower
lip on one side, which it did now as she sat looking up at me.  I actually
didn't know what her body looked like.  She was much more shy about her
body than I was, never going swimming in the summer, never wearing tight
clothes, or even racing from bathroom to bedroom in only a towel.  Since we
were little I had only seen her fully dressed, and here I was standing
above her completely naked, my throbbing cock floating before her eyes.

   "Okay, you have to help me," I told her.  "Spit on it." I marveled at
how my adventures with Cynthia had changed me.  Although I was a push-over
with the girl, the experience had given me a demanding arrogance at times
with other girls.  I loved it.  I had gained some confidence that these
women responded to.  I had lost any fear I had once had about telling a
girl what to do.  "What?  No!  Use your Vaseline!" she protested.  "Do you
want to watch me?  Then you have to do this.  Just dribble some spit onto
the end.  That's all." I bent my knees slightly and pushed the end down
below her chin, and she tilted her head down and pursing those amazing lips
let a long string of saliva slide down onto the head of my cock.  I slowly
spread the spit over the entire shaft as she dribbled more onto the end. 
"That's good," I said softly; "you're good at that."

   "Okay, you ready?" She nodded, eyes wide.  I returned to the window to
look down at the Blossom asses still wiggling and spread in the yard across
the street.  I imagined myself down there behind them, sliding my cock into
one asshole then the other.  I imagined my sister down there with them, and
taking my turn with her ass as well.  In no time I felt my orgasm begin to
move up my legs toward my crotch.  Angie was sitting there staring at me
breathlessly, those pretty lips parted.  I stepped back over to her,
between her spread knees, and slid my fist up and down the shaft slick with
my sister's saliva.  "Here I come, Angie," I said softly as the first
stream of come jolted out of my cock and between Angie's eyes.  A
breathless "oooh" escaped her lips and she tilted her face toward me like
someone first stepping into a shower.  My come splashed against her cheek
and her nose.  As the spasms subsided I placed the head of my cock against
her parted lips as the last of my come oozed out of my cock and onto her
waiting tongue.

   She opened her eyes again and grinned at me, threads of my come
stretching across her lips.  "Damn, that was awesome," she said.  "Thanks,
brother." With that she stood and walked out of the room, glancing back
only once at me standing there naked with my cock wilting in my hand.  I
thought she had enjoyed it, but she took off so fast--had she just been
toying with me?  I heard the bathroom door close and a moment later the
bath begin to run.  I pulled on some shorts and a shirt and tiptoed down
the hall to the bathroom, the only room in the house with a lock on the
door.  I tested it quietly but of course she had locked it, as we both
always did.  Fortunately I knew how to stick a paperclip into the hole to
unlock the knob, which I did now.  I quietly pushed the door open and stuck
my head inside.  "I knew it!" I exclaimed.  She was flat on her back in the
tub with her feet up on either side of the faucet so the water was falling
heavily right onto her pussy.  "Nathan!" she cried, "I'm telling!" She
immediately realized how stupid that sounded and shut up.  I chuckled and
closed the door again so she could have her privacy.
   
