It’s No Big Deal
by Lisasuzanne

Chapter 4

A late night at work turns into a lot of fun!

My name is Suzanne and my boyfriend is Jack. I live in an apartment in a Midwestern college town with my roommate Allie. Jack lives in an apartment house with roommates Tim and Brian. Jack is set to graduate with an engineering degree and I have been attending a local beauty school after deciding college life wasn't for me.

I've been dating Jack for over two years now and our sex life is a little unusual. Early on, I learned that he liked to have others see me naked because, as he put it, he liked others to know what he had. It started with him getting me naked in front of his roommates (It's No Big Deal Ch. 1) and then to me being naked in his office on a Sunday afternoon where I was caught by a coworker (It's No Big Deal Ch.2).

Most recently, I hatched a plan to have Jack catch my roommate in some form of undress (It's No Big Deal Ch. 3). Allie was very inexperienced sexually, as I was when I met Jack. The morning after my adventure in his office, I absentmindedly wandered into our kitchen naked and was caught by Allie. I told her about the whole incident and she was hardly able to comprehend what I said.

The more I explained how it happened, the more excited Allie became. So, I decided to see if I could get her interested in showing off a little too. She was hesitant at first, but eventually gave in to being naked around the apartment at times. I wanted her to feel the rush I felt when being exposed.

Allie and I had planned to go out and have Jack join us so I had him come over when she was in the shower in hopes that she would accidentally flash some skin to him. As it turned out, Allie walked past Jack sitting in a chair into the kitchen in only a bra and panties. When she realized he was there, she went into a panic, but we were able to calm her down. Eventually, we ended up playing a game that resulted in both Allie and me being naked in front of Jack.

I playfully jumped on Allie and our wrestling around on the floor turned into an all-out threesome, though Jack never actually had sex with Allie. She ended up crawling in my bed with us at the end of the night.

I didn't see much of Jack or Allie the next week because they were both engrossed in finals. I decided to work some extra night shifts at the 24 hour restaurant since neither of them were around.

On Friday, the last day of finals, I was working the 5 pm to 3 am shift. Jack's last exam was at 3 pm, but I didn't see him before going to work. The first few hours of my shift were pretty quiet. That either meant the students finished their exams and left town, or they were all out getting drunk and would be flooding to the restaurant when the bars closed.

I got a text from Jack at about 9 pm asking where I was. I told him I was working until 3 am. He was out drinking with friends and said he would stop in and see me. I texted Allie and she said she was just at home watching TV so I suggested she come with Jack to the restaurant, which she thought would be fun. I sent a message to Jack asking him to get in touch with her and pick her up when he was ready.

A couple of hours went by and I hadn't seen or heard from either of them. Then, Allie texted.

"Jack wants me join him for drinks with his buddies. U OK w that?"

I replied, "Sure, have fun. C U later."

I completely trusted Jack and maybe she might find somebody she liked in one of his friends!

Around 1 am, Jack called me. The restaurant was beginning to fill up and it was getting rowdy, but I slipped away to talk to him. He sounded pretty drunk, but confirmed Allie was with him and they were going to get an Uber to come see me. He promised me he was done drinking for the night.

A few minutes later, Allie, Jack and two of his friends came staggering through the door. I put them in a booth in a far corner. Jack introduced me to Gary and Victor and we exchanged pleasantries. I got them their food and tended to them the best I could, but the restaurant was swamped now with the bar closing crowd.

When things finally started to settle down and the place cleared out, I headed back to their table. Jack was still tipsy, but had sobered up quite a bit. He casually reached under my waitress uniform and slid his hand up my thighs! Gary and Victor were half asleep, but Allie was watching intently.

I took a quick glance around to see where the manager was. He was counting the cash drawer at the front and wouldn't be able to see Jack's hands. So I let him continue as I reveled in the feeling of his hand moving under my dress. With each pass he got further up my thigh until his fingertips grazed my panties. Then he moved his hand around behind me and roamed over my butt. His forearm was causing my dress to rise up, leaving my panties partially exposed to Allie. Gary and Victor had no idea what was happening as I was becoming lost in Jack's touch.

A call for the check from several tables away snapped me back to reality and I quickly pulled away from Jack and smoothed my dress back down. The commotion aroused Gary and Victor as I turned to take the check to the other table with a red face. I hope they had not seen what just happened.

I gave the other party their check, and they eyed me up and down, but didn't say anything to indicate they saw. I quickly grabbed their plates and took them to the kitchen. That gave me a minute to settle down. The restaurant was empty now except for Jack's table and one other with two guys and two girls not too far away. All of the other waitresses had clocked out except for Jenny, who was scheduled to work until 6 am when the morning shift came.

I checked on the manager and he was busy with general stuff. He was a young guy too, probably in his early 20's so I wasn't too concerned with him. I made my way back to Jack's table just as Gary and Victor were sliding out of the booth. They had called an Uber and were headed home. That left just Jack and Allie and the four at the other table.

I told Jack that I would be off pretty soon and could drive them home. He smiled and lifted the front of my dress to get a look at the panties I was wearing. They were plain white string bikini style with a little pink bow at the waistband. He whistled his approval and ran his fingers over the silky material, then pulled at the little bow.

Allie slid to the edge of the booth to get a better view as Jack pinched the waistband with his index finger and thumb. He pulled the panties away from my stomach, leaned toward me and peered inside!

"Damn! You look so hot in those panties," he said softly as he released his fingers and let them snap back against my belly.

He put one hand on my butt and inched me closer to him. This time his fingers traced the crease of my ass from the top all the way down to my pussy! I separated my legs a little to allow him access, and he lightly moved his fingers over my pussy from behind.

I was beginning to feel the effects, and my juices started flowing. Then his hand moved around to the front, still under my dress. His thumb rubbed over my lips and made circles around my clit! I had almost forgotten where I was when his hand dipped inside the panties and roamed over my pubic hair. His fingers tried to work their way down to my slit, stretching the panties as far as they could go.

I felt Jack's hand retreat, then suddenly he grabbed the string at the side and began yanking my panties down right there in the restaurant! I initially tried to put my knees together, but they slid right through and ended up on the floor between my legs. Jack quickly bent down and picked them up. Whistles and laughter erupted from the four guests left at the other table!

Jack held up my panties to them and then dropped them on the table in front of him. I was completely red faced and meekly glanced over my shoulder to look at the other table. They all had broad smiles and appeared to be enjoying the show, although I don't think they could actually see anything with my dress covering me.

I turned my attention back to Jack and Allie. Jack had a look of lust in his eyes and Allie had a playful, mischievous look. I almost jumped out of my shoes when the manager suddenly appeared behind me and said I could leave once I cleaned the tables and vacuumed my section! He hesitated before he turned and walked away. He must have seen the panties sitting on the table!

Then Allie reached under my dress and started fingering my now bare pussy! Trying to be discrete as possible, I moved my hips in rhythm with her fingers. After a minute or so, she pulled her hand out and showed me and Jack her soaked fingers, then sucked them into her mouth.

"I'm going to finish cleaning and then we can get out of here," I stammered, trying to regain my composure.

I gave Allie a little peck on the lips and Jack a more passionate kiss, then turned and walked past the other table to the front, leaving my panties on the table. The other guests were all smiles in appreciation of the show.

I got the vacuum from the front and turned to go to my section and saw the other table getting up to leave. The guys were grabbing and pinching, tickling and teasing their girls as they walked out. I guess we inspired them!

As I was plugging in the vacuum, Jenny came over and whispered in my ear.

"I saw you guys goofing around. Are you naked under that skirt?" She asked.

I blushed and couldn't think of an answer to her question. She looked at Jack and Allie and the panties sitting on the table. They both were laughing, and she turned to me again.

"I....um, yeah, kind of," I said.

"Holy crap! Have you been like that all night?" She asked.

"No, no I just now took my panties off."

"Is this some kind of dare?" She asked incredulously.

"No, we just like to...play a little. This is my boyfriend, Jack and my roommate, Allie."

"Whoa, I've never seen anything like this," she said.

"We're just messing around, nothing serious," Jack interjected as he lifted the front of my skirt to flash her my bare pussy.

Jenny blushed at the show, but a smile crept across her face at the same time.

Out of nowhere, Allie boldly looked at Jenny and said, "Yeah, you want to try?"

Jenny snorted, looked away nervously and said, "That's crazy, I can't do that here!"

"Why not? I did and it's just us and a couple of tables over there that can't see anything. It's fun!"

She nervously looked over both of her shoulders, her eyes scanning the dining room. Looking back at us, I could tell she was in turmoil, but she hadn't stormed off. This was exactly how I got Allie!

Jenny is very cute, with a build much like mine, 5'6" around 125 lbs. with golden blond hair pulled into a pony tail. I don't know if she wore her hair like that all the time or if it was just for work, but it was sexy on her.

"Want to do it?" I asked.

"You want me to take my panties off right here in front of you?" She squeaked.

"Yeah why not, you'll love how it feels."

"What about Tom (manager)," she argued.

Allie said, "We'll keep an eye out for him. Besides, it will only take a second and then you'll be fully covered again."

"I'll start vacuuming so it doesn't draw his attention," I offered.

Jenny looked around again. I flipped on the vacuum, and started pushing it around behind her. She slowly reached for the hem of her skirt and started lifting. Losing her nerve a little, she turned away from Jack and Allie at the table to face me and the front so she could see where the manager was. He wasn't paying any attention.

I pretended to be vacuuming, going over the exact same spot over and over while watching her out of the corner of my eye. She bunched the skirt above her knees, and quickly reached underneath, yanking her panties over her thighs. She let them drop to the floor and bent to pick them up quickly as her skirt fell back into place.

I shut the vacuum off. Jenny was just standing there looking at me, blushing furiously. I reached out and took the panties from her. They were silky white string bikini with light blue vertical stripes. They smelled of perfume and womanhood! I balled them up and tossed them to Jack as I know he would appreciate the sexy garment.

Just then, a call came from one of the remaining tables, "Waitress!"

Jenny looked at me in horror. "What do I do now?" She asked.

"Go see what they want. You're not exposed. Have fun."

She timidly walked away, and I resumed vacuuming while we all kept an eye on her. Jack and Allie were taking turns playing with her panties. I watched her go to the front to get the bill for her table and head back to them. She was acting very shy, holding her hands down tight at her sides. She then checked on the only other table and went to get them refills on their drinks.

I finished my cleaning and went to the manager. He said I could go home, so I clocked out and went back to Jack and Allie's table. Jenny wasn't anywhere to be seen. Then I spotted her running napkins out to the only remaining table. After dropping them off, she turned toward our table and I signaled her to come back.

"Well, how'd you like that?" I said.

"Thought I was going to die," she said.

I whispered in her ear, "Can you get your bra off without taking your blouse off?"

Her mouth dropped open but she didn't answer. After a short hesitation, she pulled the blouse tails out of the skirt and slowly reached her hands underneath and unsnapped the front clasp. With a little contortion, she worked the straps over her shoulders and pulled the bra out from under the blouse.

I quickly grabbed it and tossed it to Allie as Jenny tucked her blouse back in. All three of us stared at her with our mouths gaping open. The shirt was thin and silky. When it was taut over her breasts, you could clearly see the outline of her areola, and her nipples were rock hard!

Seeing our expressions, Jenny looked down and saw the show she was putting on. She covered her tits with her hands and tried to get the bra back, but Allie pushed it away. Just then, another call came out for her from her table.

"What do I do? I can't go over there like this," she screeched.

"Just pull the blouse out a little to loosen it and they'll never know," I said.

I helped her and pushed her on her way. We watched in amusement as she tried everything she could to not face them. Apparently they had asked for their check and she quickly went and got it for them. They gathered their things and went to pay the bill. Jenny stayed as far away from the manager as possible.

Jack got up and let me slide into the corner booth so that I was between him and Allie. As soon as I was situated, he lifted my skirt, baring my pussy. He rubbed circles around my belly and Allie pulled my legs apart. She started caressing my pubic hair and Jack ran his hands up under my blouse. I realized he wanted my bra off, so I leaned forward, allowing him access to my back. He fumbled around for a moment then I felt it release. He pulled the bra down and out from under my blouse, dropping it on the table with the rest of the undies.

Allie was now stroking my pussy lips under the table and Jack was working my nipples under the shirt. Allie plunged two fingers inside me and began working them in and out! I scooted back as far as I could so that I could move my hips to meet her fingers. Jack was pinching my nipples, and I felt like I was going to explode any second!

With my eyes closed, I could hear the squishing of Allies fingers working over my pussy! My breathing was heavy as I was getting deliciously mauled! My eyes cracked open to see Jenny standing in front of the table, mesmerized by the scene.

I couldn't take it any longer. My body started to shake and a moan escaped. Allie put her free hand over my mouth. I lost all bodily control as convulsions wracked through me! They just kept coming, wave after wave. Jack held me to prevent my banging onto the table. Gasping for breath, I put my hand over Allie's, pressing it firmly into my pussy to stop the pumping fingers.

Slowly, I started to come down. Occasionally, a little jolt would go through me, causing a twitch. My heart was pounding and I was gasping for breath! I slumped down in the booth, enjoying the remainder of a fantastic orgasm!

Allie removed her hand from my crotch and I found myself sitting in a puddle of my cum! Jenny turned and walked away only to return quickly with a handful of napkins. She was breathing heavily, and her nipples were poking into her shirt lewdly. Jack had a hard-on swelling his jeans and Allie was rubbing her palm over her crotch.

Jack picked up the napkins and packed them between my legs to absorb the wetness. I was limp and barely able to move anything. My eyes checked for the manager and anybody else that might have witnessed my show. There were no customers left and the manager wasn't around, allowing me to relax.

Jack finished sopping up the juices and set the wet napkins on the table next to Jenny's panties and bra. This snapped her out of her daydream, and she reached to pick up her underwear. Allie quickly grabbed them and my underwear, setting them on the seat beside her.

"If you want these back, you'll have to come to our place and get them," she said with a smirk to Jenny.

Allie scooted over closer to Jenny and flipped up her skirt in front, giving us all a quick glimpse of her naked pussy. It was just a little slit that was shaved bare, in contrast to my pussy with the pubic hair and Allie's with the fat camel toe. Jenny spun around to check where the manager was and saw him seating two older guests.

It was now just after 4 am and all of the drunks had gone home. The morning crowd would be coming in soon and Jenny was off at 6 am. She turned to go to the guests table, but Allie grabbed the back of her skirt before she could get away and pulled her back to us. She raised it to expose her taut ass to us and gave it a slap as she pushed her on her way. She walked quickly toward her new guests with her sexy ponytail bouncing up and down with each stride. I always thought ponytails were hot, but never had one myself for some reason.

I looked over to see what Jack thought and found him dozing off next to me. He had been up early for the last of his exams and was exhausted. Allie and I were both tired too, so we thought it was time to get home. She started gathering the panties and bras just as Jenny returned.

"Are you guys leaving?" She asked in a disappointed voice.

"Yeah, we're all tired," I answered.

"Oh," she said.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"I don't know. It's just that you guys are -- fun."

"Do you want to have some more fun with us?"

"I don't know. Maybe. What do you have in mind?"

I can't believe it! We might have another play partner! Allie looked at me with a gleam in her eye as she too thought about the prospects of a new player. Jack was still zonked out. Jenny saw her table was ready to order and practically skipped away, her nipples still poking into her thin blouse. She either forgot about that or had gained a lot of confidence in the last few minutes.

Allie and I agreed to stay a little while longer to see where this would go. Soon, Jenny returned with a grin after putting the order in for her table.

"I forgot about not having a bra on. I think the old guy noticed," she giggled.

I looked over at Allie and said, "It looks like you're the only one still wearing underwear."

"Yeah, right. What do you want me to do strip down right here?" She laughed.

I didn't answer, just stared at her as the smile slowly left her face. Jenny was wide-eyed and giggling at the possibility.

"But I'll have to get naked to take off my panties," Allie complained.

"Nobody will see, the table will hide you," I said.

"Yeah, It'll be fun," Jenny added.

Allie looked around and saw nobody was paying any attention to us. With a deep breath, she unsnapped the button on her jeans, lowered the zipper and hooked her thumbs in the side. The jeans were tight, so she turned in the booth and put her feet up so I could help her get them off. She still had her shoes on so I quickly pulled them off and dropped them to the floor.

I grabbed the left leg of the jeans and pulled, then switched to the right as she wriggled her hips. When they finally got past her hips, I yanked them the rest of the way off and set them beside me. Without giving her time to chicken out, I reached up to her panties and started lowering them. She raised up off the seat slightly so I could get them over her butt, and in an instant I had them dangling from my finger!

Jenny stepped closer to get a look and gasped when she saw Allie's beautiful pussy. I couldn't help myself and began tickling her slit, which elicited a low moan. I rubbed all around and spread her pussy lips open. It was glistening like a diamond inside and I quickly inserted a finger, moving it in and out while rubbing her clit with my thumb!

After a few seconds of this, Allie got nervous and closed her legs around my hand. She reached under Jenny's skirt and started toying her bald pussy while I tried to rub between Allie's clenched thighs.

We were brought back to reality by the cook yelling "ORDER!" Jenny backed away, smoothed down her skirt and went to the kitchen to get her order out. Allie held up her hand that had been playing under Jenny's skirt and it was almost dripping with juices!

"Time to lose the bra," I told Allie.

She began reaching under her t-shirt to unhook the bra when I stopped her.

"You know what would be really fun? Why don't you get completely naked and surprise Jenny when she comes back?"

"Are you crazy? I can't sit here naked in the middle of a restaurant!"

"I dare you! Just for a minute, please? Nobody is around except that table, and we can block the view of the front. Come on, it will just be for a minute or two," I pleaded.

"Why don't you do it if you think it will be so much fun?" She shot back.

"Well, uh I've done it before and you've only done it inside the apartment," I rationalized.

She just sat there without answering, staring off into space. I took a glance to the front and saw Jenny gathering the plates of food to take to her table.

"C'mon, she'll be coming in a minute. I promise you'll love it! C'mon," I urged.

Again, she didn't answer, so I grabbed the bottom of her t-shirt and asked, "Can I help you?"

No response. Then, there was an ever so slight movement of her elbows away from her body! I took this as permission, and after one last look to the front, I started lifting the shirt. Her hands raised! I peeled it up and over her head and off, leaving her sitting in the booth in just a bra! I could see her heart beating in her chest as her eyes darted back and forth.

When I reached for her bra, she closed her eyes, trying to force herself to calm down. I found the clasp in the front, unhooked it, and held it in place momentarily considering what I was about to do. Then, I peeled back the cups exposing those gorgeous tits right there in the restaurant!

The left shoulder strap fell off and I eased the right strap off after that and pulled the bra out from behind her. Allie was frozen in place, eyes still closed. The only way I could tell she was still alive was the pounding in her chest! Then, Jenny suddenly showed up at our table!

"Holy shit! What are you doing?" She said in a muffled scream.

"We're just having a little fun," I said.

Jenny stifled a laugh as a huge smile grew on her face. Then, she started giggling like a 13 -year-old while frantically looking around for anybody that might catch us.

"Are you OK?" She asked Allie.

"Scared shitless!" She replied, hardly able to breathe.

"This is insane!" Jenny said gleefully.

She looked over at Jack, who was still completely asleep, and back to the fully naked Allie. I reached over and pinched her nipples, rolling them between my thumb and index finger. Allie jolted at my touch and a soft moan escaped. Jenny moved one of my hands and replaced it with hers. With my now free hand, I went back down to Allie's pussy, and started toying with her lips.

With Jenny toying one nipple, and me toying the other and fingering her pussy, Allie got worked up in a hurry! She started squirming around on my fingers, seemingly without a care as to where she was.

Jenny released Allie's nipple and said, "I need to go check on my table. I'll be right back."

"OK, that's enough. I want to get dressed now," Allie said.

"I'll only be a minute. Please wait until I get back and then you can get dressed. Please, OK?" Jenny begged.

"Fine. But hurry up or I'm not waiting," Allie said.

Jenny scurried away to check on her table. Allie sat nervously, her head on a swivel. It seemed like an hour, but it was really only about 2 minutes when she got really paranoid and started gathering her t-shirt and pants. I assured her it would only be another minute and then she could get dressed.

I saw Jenny coming so fast she looked almost like a race walker. She had something in her hand, but I couldn't quite tell what it was. When she reached the table, she held up her cell phone and asked if she could take a picture. I quickly agreed. Allie said OK if we did it fast.

Jenny backed up a couple of feet and started snapping pictures of Allie sitting in the restaurant completely naked! I lifted my skirt to show my pussy for some pictures and we posed next to Jack, who was still sound asleep. He'll be pissed when he sees the pictures of what he missed.

After she had taken dozens of pictures, Jenny said, "wait right here," and scurried away.

In about 20 seconds, she was back with a big ice cream scoop of whipped cream! She got dollops on her finger, and covered each of Allie's nipples, then plopped the rest of the scoop in her crotch! Jenny snapped some more pictures to document our adventure.

I bent forward and sucked the cream off her right nipple and Jenny took the left. We sucked and pulled on the erect nipples with our teeth until her tits were clean. The combination of the whipped cream and licking it off of my hot, naked roommate in public made it extra delicious!

I stared down at the white goo in her crotch and knew what I had to do. Pushing Allie down in the booth, I leaned over and started cleaning up her pussy! I licked the sweet cream from every crevice, then sucked her clit into my mouth. Allie grabbed my head and pulled on my hair while she arched her hips up to meet my tongue!

"WAITRESS!" A male voice called out.

My head shot up just in time to see Jenny quickly turn and scamper away to her customers. My face was slick with whipped cream and pussy juice as I tried to calm Allie. I looked around the room and saw Jenny writing up the ticket for her guests.

I slid back from Allie and said laughingly, "we better get you dressed now before we get arrested."

I handed her the t-shirt and helped her pull it on. Then, she took the jeans, and I helped her get her legs in. She lifted her butt and we both worked them over her hips, and she struggled to get them buttoned and zipped. Once that was done, she was finally covered again.

Allie looked at me and burst out laughing. My face was still a sticky mess, so she got a couple of napkins and wiped me clean with some water from her water glass. She slumped back in the seat in shock at what had just happened.

"I can't believe what I just did! That was CRAZY! I can't believe we didn't get caught," she said.

Jenny reappeared, looking disappointed that Allie was dressed. "Aw, are you guys leaving? My last table just left. This was fun!"

"Do you want to have some more fun?" I asked.

"Sure, what are you going to do?" She said with a gleam in her eye.

I know she was thinking we were going to do something where Allie and I were exposed, but I wanted to see more of her. So, I signaled Allie to switch places with me and I crawled over her to the outside seat of the booth. I checked the front and saw the manager take the payment from the last table and go back to the office.

With nobody around to see now, I reached out to Jenny, put my hands on her hips and pulled her right next to me. Reaching up, I pinched her nipples through the thin top and brushed the back of my hand over them to make them stand at attention. Her face blushed as she finally realized that the "fun" was going to involve mainly her this time.

Once her nipples were good and hard, I lifted the front of her skirt to get a good look at her pussy. I tucked the bottom of the skirt into the waistband to hold it up, then tapped on her inner thigh to get her to spread her legs a little. It was shaved clean, though a tiny bit of stubble could be felt when I ran my fingers around. She had faint tan lines. Her pussy was just a slit, and if she closed her legs, you wouldn't be able to see any trace of it.

I urged her legs further apart and could only then see the slightest bulge of her outer lips. She was starting to get really nervous and paranoid, looking in all directions around her. Allie and I assured her that we wouldn't let anyone catch us.

Fearing she might abruptly end this, I quickly ran my hand over her pussy and cupped it. The heat coming from her was unbelievable! I started searching for her opening. It didn't take long before her wetness coated my fingers and I was able to easily slide one, then two inside her. My thumb slid up and down her slit and over her clit!

Jenny was now completely absorbed in the feeling of my fingers working her over. She tilted her head up and closed her eyes. With my free hand, I grabbed the back of her right thigh, and lifted her foot onto the edge of the seat. This gave me much better access and I started finger banging her as hard as I could.

Allie scooted up so her chest was pressed against my back. Then, I felt an object tap me on the left shoulder a couple of times. I looked over and Allie was handing the ice cream scoop to me. It had a handle that was about 4 inches long and bulbous, made of hard plastic. I knew what to do with that!

I took it from Allie by the metal scoop end, removed my fingers from Jenny's pussy and coated the handle with her juices. Next, I gently rubbed it around her slit to get it good and wet. Jenny's eyes sprung open when she felt it. Before she could even say anything, I plunged the scoop into her pussy and slowly withdrew it. She gasped and closed her eyes as I pushed it forward again, this time twisting it as it went in.

I developed a slow in and out rhythm while circling her clit with the fingers on my other hand. Jenny was having to steady herself on one foot while the scoop banged inside her. She was mauling her own tits with her hands and biting her lower lip! Her knee began bending to meet the thrusts! My hand was drenched in her juices!

All of a sudden, we heard the front door bang. Jenny quickly put her foot down with the scoop still buried in her pussy. I looked up to see a waitress for the 6 am shift coming in for work. She walked straight to the back room without even glancing in our direction.

I looked up to Jenny and she looked back at me red faced in embarrassment.

"I, I'm going to have to clean up my station before the morning shift comes on," she said.

I looked down at her crotch to see that she had her thighs clamped together with the ice cream scoop still inside her. I moved her thighs apart and the scoop immediately started sliding out. I put my finger under it to keep it in place.

"I've got a challenge for you. Keep this inside until you have clocked out," I said.

Allie giggled behind me, and Jenny just gave me a confused look.

"How am I supposed to do that?" She complained.

"Use your pussy grip," I said laughingly.

Just then, the manager yelled from the front, "Jenny, you can go when you get your section cleaned up."

Jenny pulled the bottom of her skirt from her waistband as fast as she could and smoothed her skirt down. She turned and walked off to start cleaning her tables. Her walk was like a penguin as she tried desperately to keep her legs together so the scoop wouldn't slip out. Allie and I were roaring in laughter as we watched her move around the dining room.

A few more diners were beginning to arrive, and the morning waitresses would be on the clock in a couple of minutes, so we decided it was time to go home. I jostled Jack to wake him up. It took a long time as he was really out of it. Allie piled all of our bras and panties on the table and began stuffing them in her purse. Jack was just starting to remember what was happening before he fell asleep. He looked like somebody stole his puppy when he realized what he might have missed! I assured him I would fill him in later.

We scooted out of the booth and were headed out the door when I realized I never made a bill for Jack, Allie and Jack's friends. I stopped at the cash register where the morning manager was just putting the new cash drawer in. I told him I would pay the ticket and quickly wrote one up. I had no idea what they had, it had been hours ago, so I just made it up.

While I was fishing for my tip money, I caught the manager looking me over. Crap! I forgot I didn't have on a bra, and my nipples were poking out! Before the manager could say anything, Jenny came up, trying to walk as normally as possible.

"My section is clean, is it OK if I go?" She asked the manager.

"Sure," he replied.

Just then, there was a thud. The ice cream scoop slipped out of Jenny's pussy and clanked to the floor beneath her!

"Oops I forgot I had this in my pocket," she quickly improvised as she bent down to pick it up.

That was enough to take the manager's attention away from my tits for a second.

I dropped the money on the counter and said, "Leave the change for Jenny."

I grabbed Jack by the hand and pulled him out the front door with Allie close behind. Once outside, Allie and I burst into laughter.

"What's so funny?" Jack asked.

Before we could answer, Jenny came stumbling out the front door and we all cracked up.

"What's so funny?" Jack asked again.

"We'll tell you some other time," I said as I gave Jenny's skirt a quick flip, briefly exposing her pussy to Jack. She turned away in embarrassment.

"Shit, why didn't you guys wake me up?" Jack Complained.

We all laughed at him and I started toward my car. Jack and Allie were looking around confused because Jack's car was not there. I reminded them that they took an Uber and told them to get in my car. Jenny asked about her underwear, and I told her Allie had all of it.

"Just follow us to my place and we'll get it all sorted out. We just live a few blocks from here," I said.

When we arrived at my apartment building the sun was just coming up. Jenny pulled in right behind us. I noticed Jack had fallen asleep again in the five minutes it took to drive home. Allie got out and went over to Jenny's car and I went around to get Jack out. I jostled him awake and he was a little grumpy from his long day.

I had to drag Jack out of the car and hold his arm as he stumbled toward the entrance of the building. Jenny and Allie were close behind. I thought Allie would just give back her underwear and she would be on her way home, but Allie must have talked her into coming inside with us.

We took the elevator up to the second floor. During the ride, Allie was playing with the hem of Jenny's skirt, flashing her pussy. Jack was like the walking dead and didn't even notice. Allie's hand went under the skirt and cupped Jenny's ass just as the elevator reached our floor.

The apartment building was like a ghost town because it was so early on a Saturday morning. I drug Jack out and down the hall to our apartment and let us all in. He was in no condition to do anything, so we just went to my bedroom where I pushed him down on the bed and stripped him. He climbed under the covers, and I undressed and joined him. He was asleep immediately and I wasn't far behind.

I woke up at about 1 pm on Saturday. Jack was still out of it, so I decided to go get something to eat. I put on a pair of panties and a spaghetti strap camisole before leaving the bedroom. My path to the kitchen took me right past Allie's bedroom. In passing, I took a quick glance in through the partially open door and stopped dead in my tracks. Jenny was in bed with Allie! Holy shit! Certainly didn't expect that after we had left them to go to my bedroom.

After watching for a few seconds and seeing no signs of movement from either of them, I continued on to the kitchen. On the kitchen floor lay Jenny's waitress uniform! What the hell had happened after I went to bed? My mind was swimming with ideas.

With my imagination running wild, I opened the cabinet and got a box of cereal and reached for a bowl. The plastic cereal bowl slipped out of my hand, bounced off the countertop, and cracked to the floor where it wobbled to a stop with a loud, echoing sound. Crap, hope that didn't wake everybody up. I needed time to think about how to handle this. I certainly didn't care what Allie and Jenny had done or were doing, but it might be awkward.

There wasn't time to think anymore. My clumsiness had awoken somebody. I heard some rustling and a door creaking open. Trying to act as natural as possible, I got the milk out and sat down at the table. Then, a head peeked around the corner. It was Allie.

She turned her head back down the hall and I heard her say quietly, "it's OK, it's just Suz."

"But I'm naked," Jenny responded.

Allie then sauntered into the kitchen completely naked with a sheepish grin on her face. I suppose she wasn't quite sure what my reaction would be. Before we had a chance to say anything to each other, we heard the floor squeak, and both turned to see Jenny peeking around the corner.

"Come on in, it's just us," Allie said.

"B-but I'm naked. Where are my clothes?" Jenny asked.

Allie giggled and said, "they are right here on the floor where you left them last night. C'mon, it's no big deal."

Jenny slowly crept around the corner into the kitchen, covering herself with her arms. Allie and I were staring at her intently, making her very self-conscious.

"I should get dressed," she said while reaching to pick up her uniform from the floor.

I told her, "Don't put that dirty, greasy thing on. Just relax and come have some cereal. It's no big deal. Allie isn't dressed and I'm in my underwear."

"What about your boyfriend?" She asked.

"He's still asleep. Relax and come join us."

Allie got two more bowls and set them on the table. Jenny inched over to the table, still covering her tits and pussy. We only had 2 chairs, so I grabbed a bar stool for her that we were using as a plant stand and set it at the table.

Jenny was almost frozen in place, so I pulled her arms away from covering her and told her to relax again. I patted the barstool, urging her to sit. It was no accident that she got the barstool instead of one of the kitchen chairs. The stool was much higher and would give Allie and me a good view!

Allie poured cereal and milk into the bowls and each of us took one. Jenny hesitantly climbed up on the stool and held the bowl while she began to eat. Allie and I were both trying to steal glances at her naked body without scaring her off. Her tits were perfect! They were bigger than either of ours, a smaller C cup with puffy nipples where the entire areola were erect!

My eyes trailed down to her crotch, but I wasn't able to see much because the stool forced her thighs together. She had faint tan lines, a firm abdomen and not an ounce of fat on her. That uniform really covered up a beautiful body. I had worked with her many times, but never knew what a beauty she was.

As we each finished our cereal, we hadn't said a word to each other. It was about time to address the elephant in the room.

"So, what happened last night after I went to bed?" I asked.

Jenny blushed as Allie answered, "Oh, not much really. We were both really tired and she just decided to stay instead of driving home. She was going to sleep on the couch, but I have a big bed, so she slept there."

How did the uniform end up on the kitchen floor?" I asked in a teasingly accusatory tone.

"Wellllll, I was going to wash it and never got around to it," Allie explained.

I looked over at Jenny and asked, "What happened after you went to bed?"

Squirming on the stool, she replied, "N-nothing, honestly, nothing. We just went to sleep."

"I'm not judging. You don't have to say if you don't want to," I said.

Allie let her off the hook and said, "It's true, we just fell asleep until we heard the racket in the kitchen."

Allie and I got up from the table and took our cereal bowls to the sink. Jenny hopped down from the stool and dropped her bowl in the sink too. She then turned and let out a loud shriek! Jack was standing in the doorway wearing only a pair of bright red boxer briefs!

"DAMN! What are you guys doing?" He exclaimed, with eyes nearly popping out of his head.

Jenny was trying to hide behind me and Allie while Jack took in the sight in front of him.

I moved aside and pulled Jenny in front of us and said, "Don't worry, we're very casual around here about clothing."

She looked at Allie for confirmation and Allie gave a quick little nod.

"You mean you guys just walk around naked all the time?" Jenny asked.

"No, we don't do it very often, sometimes it just happens. It freaked me out the first couple of times too," Allie confessed.

I tried to calm her by saying, "It's no big deal. It's harmless. You can get dressed if you want, but we think it is fun to just be naked sometimes. I think you would like it too if you want to give it a shot."

"I think this qualifies as giving it a shot," she said with a sarcastic laugh.

Jack interrupted, "I'll go if you want me to."

"No, you don't have to do that, but I should be going soon."

"OK, when do you work again?" I asked.

"Tonight at ten."

"Well, let's wash our uniforms so you don't have to do it when you get home. While we're doing that, you can get comfortable, watch some TV or whatever you want."

"NAKED!" She said incredulously.

"Just give it a try. If you hate it, you can borrow some of our clothes to put on while you wait," Allie said.

Without giving her a chance to object, Allie led her over to the couch, flipped on the TV, and handed her the remote. She sat down nervously in a very lady-like position that kept her mostly covered. I gathered the laundry and started a load.

Jack had disappeared, so I went to my bedroom in search of him. I found him getting dressed.

"Are you leaving?"

"Yeah, I want to go see if the exam scores from early in the week have been posted. And, your friend seems pretty uncomfortable. I don't want to cause a mental breakdown. Who is that girl anyway!"

"You don't remember?" I said, kind of in shock.

"No, have I met her before?"

"She was your waitress last night! I guess you were completely out of it the whole time. You missed a lot!"

"What did I miss?" He said.

"I'll tell you about it later."

Jack finished dressing in the clothes he had on the day before. I could tell his mind was elsewhere, wondering what he missed out on.

"Come on, I'll introduce you to Jenny," I said.

"Are you sure you want me to be around another naked girl?"

"I don't mind. Your mine and I have no insecurities about that. I trust you to look and we can see from there. Besides, it is so much fun seeing the nerves when somebody is exposed!"

I took his hand and led him, fully clothed, out of the bedroom. Allie was busy with something in the kitchen and Jenny was sitting on the couch looking through her phone. I pulled Jack over to the couch. Our presence startled her into dropping her phone. She scrambled to cover up as Jack looked over her naked body.

"Relax, he is just leaving and you two haven't met. Jack this is Jenny. Jenny this is my boyfriend, Jack. He was too busy sleeping last night for introductions," I said.

They both nervously gave a quick "hi" and looked away. Jack picked up her phone from the floor to hand it to her, and the screen lit up with video playing of me fingering Allie in the booth!

"Whoa, was this what you were looking at when we came in?" I said laughingly.

"Maybe," she said meekly.

"Hey Allie! You got to come see this," I yelled to her in the kitchen.

Allie came bounding into the living room, still naked as the day she was born. I took the phone from Jenny and handed it to her.

"Oh shit! I didn't know you were recording that," she said with a laugh.

Allie handed the phone back to Jenny and went to sit next to her on the couch. I sat on the other side and Jack stood behind us as we watched the video play. Allie and I each put a hand on Jenny's naked thigh and caressed her smooth skin.

Allie was the first to run her hand between her legs to separate them. I got an immediate whiff of her pussy and moved my hands to her tits. I pulled and pinched her nipples as Allie worked her fingers into her pussy. Our combined efforts got her worked-up in a hurry and she dropped the phone again.

Allie maneuvered Jenny so that she was on her knees on the couch facing Allie. I was sitting up behind Jenny and plunged a finger in her pussy from behind while Jenny started sucking on Allie's nipples.

Jenny's pussy was so wet I was able to easily slide a second finger in. Occasionally, her juices would drip from my hand onto the couch. Suddenly I felt two hands on my hips, bending me forward and turning me outwards. The hands grabbed my panties and yanked them down to my knees. I continued to pound Jenny with my fingers and slapped her ass a couple of times with my other hand.

I felt Jack's hand rub over my pussy a couple of times and then disappear. The next thing I knew, Jack's cock had penetrated me completely in one swift stroke! He began pounding into me like he had never done before! Our moans filled the room.

We were in a frenzy when all of a sudden, I felt a wet finger at my ass! It rubbed around, then dipped inside slightly before retreating. Then it was back. This time it plunged all the way in and searched around while his cock continued at a slower pace in my pussy. I wiggled my hips back and forth with both holes filled!

The closer I got to cumming, the harder I plowed Jenny's pussy from behind with my fingers. I was too pre-occupied to see what she was doing to Allie. Jack grunted and thrust into me HARD, causing my dam to burst! I began orgasming so hard it set Jenny off, and I couldn't keep my fingers in her any longer. We were both shaking uncontrollably!

Jenny collapsed down onto Allie, which caused me to collapse onto Jenny. My movement caused Jack's cock to pop out of my pussy and his finger to slide out of my ass. The three of us girls lay on the couch quivering for a few seconds of bliss.

Wondering where Jack was, I looked over my shoulder just in time to see him stroking his cock furiously until jets of his pearly white cum shot out onto my back and shoulders! It felt wonderful as the warm liquid slowly oozed down my back and into my butt crack.

I put my head on the small of Jenny's back and rested for a couple of minutes. When I looked again for Jack, I found that he was just pulling his t-shirt over his head, making him fully dressed again. I got up off the pile and gave him a hug and kiss.

By now, Jenny and Allie were looking up at us. Both of them appeared to be embarrassed by the wanton show we had just performed.

Jack was uneasy too, so he said quietly, "I-I gotta go," and walked toward the door with his eyes fixed on the two naked girls on the couch. I followed him to the door and opened it for him. I gave him another kiss and stood there naked in the open door as he walked down the hall. When he disappeared into the elevator, I retreated into the apartment and shut the door.

Allie and Jenny were still on the couch snuggled up to each other. None of us knew what to do or say. Allie asked Jenny if she wanted to shower, and she said she did. Allie led her down the hall to the bathroom and I let them do what they were going to do. I wasn't sure whether Allie's invitation was to shower together or if she was just going to get her some towels. Maybe she didn't know either!

I cleaned up the couch and living room for a few minutes until I heard the dryer ding. I got Jenny's and my uniforms out and set them aside so they wouldn't wrinkle while I put the rest of the laundry away.

Just as I was finishing, Allie and Jenny walked into the kitchen naked, and both had wet hair. I guess that answers my question about the joint shower. They weren't gone very long, so nothing much could have happened.

I gave them both a smile and saw that Jenny was looking for her clothes. I dug out her panties and bra and handed them to her. The only thing left was her waitress uniform.

"You don't want to wear this home. Let's go see if we have something else for you," I said.

We went to my room and found a t-shirt and pair of capris that would fit her and Allie and I watched her dress.

"Well, I better get home," Jenny said.

We walked to the front door with her and watched her take the elevator down. I shut the door behind us and looked over the still naked Allie. She is such a hottie! I gave her a peck on the cheek and headed off to take my shower.
