Siena
by elgemowtf

Siena Ch. 03: Play

It was again awhile before I saw Siena in person. Life separates us for far too long. You get caught up in trivialities and work and children and suddenly months pass in a blink.

After the customary hug, which was just a little awkward, we walked in silence for a couple blocks. And then we started talking at the exact same time.

"So, about the...", I said. "Are we going to", you said.

And we both stopped. Looking at her to make sure she didn't want to start, which I kinda desperately wanted her to do, but she didn't, I said, "so, about the phone call and what if. We cool?", and I swear I blushed.

"Ya, why wouldn't we be?" She looked genuinely baffled.

"Well, I showed you my dick, you showed me your.." I paused.

"My pussy, Derek, it's called a pussy," Siena said.

Again, my cheeks were pink. I shrugged. "I guess I'm comfortable," I said pausing meaningfully. "You do have a nice pussy."

"Why, thank you. And you have a nice cock. We both have genitals. I don't see that it's a big deal."

I nodded. "You're right. Glad we got that out of the way."

More silence as we walked. It was a beautiful day: one of those rare mid 70s with a cool breeze in the middle of July. The next couple of days were going to be hot, so we were enjoying the heck out of the current conditions.

Taking a deep breath, I asked, "and the dirty talk, you ok with that too? I sorta said some things, took a chance..."

Siena said, "oh, the slut stuff? It was in pretty poor fucking taste dude."

I blanched. I was coming up with all sorts of things in my mind, figuring out what the heck I could do when...

"Relax, man, I'm fucking with you," she said, laughing.

All the things I was going to say just left my head. "You... You...."

"Whore?" She suggested, gaffawing.

"Funny, funny, so I guess you were ok with that too."

"Totally. In the heat of the moment, that stuff is hot. I am a totally different person in bed than in real life. I want to be a total slut with my man. It turns me on."

"Wow. Cool. I guessed right. I just wanted to make sure. Promise me you'll tell me if I do something that makes you feel not great or whatever." I thought about how she just trolled me and added "jerk".

Siena laughed. "Whenever have I not told you the whole blunt truth?"

I couldn't think of a single time.

"Right. So anyway..." and we talked about our rather mundane lives as we finished up our customary circle around the block.

"Hey, how's it going with Rich?" I asked

"It's Richard," she said with an affected patrician accent. "Eh," and this time I thought I caught a little blush of her own, "it's ok."

"Ut oh," I said, "what's going on?"

Siena sighed. "Umm..."

I waited. Without even discussing it, we simply started another circle. This might take awhile.

"Ya, so, after you helped, things went ok for awhile. Richard finally started to make some moves. I was getting it in on the regular."

"But...", I prodded.

"But," she hesitated. "Richard is so predefined in what he does in the sack. It's pretty much exactly the same sequence EVERY SINGLE TIME. It's like he is following the script you showed him. It got to the point where I almost started to call his move before he made it. I have to admit, I am totally bored."

She was holding something back. I could tell. "And...?"

Siena blushed. "And... I slept with my ex again." She barged on through my shocked, not shocked expression. "And he's so good in bed, I don't know if I can be with Richard."

"But, your ex kinda sucks, right?"

"Oh, I hate him most of the time, but I love him, and he fucks me so good. It's like a whirlwind: clothes fly and I just ride the storm. It's never predictable. Does any of that make sense?"

It did and it didn't. But, what are you going to tell your friend at that moment? "Ya. I get it. Does Richard know?"

"Nope. I need to figure out what to do. I probably won't tell him."

I shrugged, "your call."

"So, should I just break up with him?"

I thought about it. "Depends how you feel emotionally and if you think you can have your physical needs met." I was approaching this like a logic problem.

"Hmm.. I do like him. He's a sweet guy. Treats me nice, unlike my ex." I could see the wheels spinning in her head. "The sex can be hot. I mean, I came so hard when you directed, so it's possible."

I laughed, "sure, but I don't think I can direct every sex sesh between you. Not that it wouldn't be fun..."

"I know. So, what do I do?" She asked.

I thought for awhile. Then another germ of an idea came to me. "What if the problem is a lack of sexual experience? Maybe he just lacks imagination in what is possible and is locked into the only thing he knows."

Siena nodded. "Have him watch porn?", she asked.

Shaking my head, I said, "I have a better idea. What are you doing this Friday night?"

"I'm free, but I work Saturday morning. Kid is away Friday night, though. What did you have in mind?"

So, I told her, and she listened.

"I like this idea," she said. "Sounds like fun. Do you think you can pull it off?"

"I think so. Depends on..." I paused and shrugged. She knew what it depended on. "Worth trying," I said.

"Yep."

"Awesome. Well, here we are." I said, stopping at the end of our walk. We hugged without awkwardness and went our separate ways. I couldn't help but look forward to Friday. It would certainly be interesting.

-----

The week flew by and Siena arrived with Richard at my house. I had dragged the porch furniture outside on the back lawn so that we could properly social distance and be outside in the air, things which my wife Mariana cared about.

We sat fairly close to the grill, and I put on smoked sausage, hamburgers and hotdogs. Siena was looking foxy in her white printed summer dress. Richard was his awkward self. Mariana was chatting them up about this and that. I watched as Richard tried not to be obvious about checking my wife out in her cute outfit. She was wearing a flared skirt that came mid thigh and a tight button downed burgundy top. As always, I thought she was hot.

Dinner and drinks followed. Both myself and Mariana didn't drink all that often, but she had a glass of wine with our guests and I grabbed a hard cider. Even the one drink made me a bit warm and slightly buzzed. I was a total lightweight. My wife was also.

I nodded to Siena and she winked at me. I walked into the kitchen and she followed. Mariana was chatting up Richard in the living room.

"So, we good," Siena asked.

"Yep," I said.

Her voice dropped to a whisper. "Your wife is cool with this?"

I chuckled quietly. "I'm sure she will be."

"Oh! She doesn't..." Siena started.

I put my finger to her lips. "Shhh... it'll be more fun this way."

"But," she insisted.

"Trust me," I said with a wink. The expression on her face told me what she thought of that particular command.

I grabbed a couple more drinks from the refrigerator and went back into the living room. I could feel the stare on the back of my neck. I was amused.

"So, are we up for a game or watching a movie," I asked.

Mariana was quick to pivot from her conversation to answer the question. "Whatever you want," she started, taking my offered drink.

"How about you guys, preference?" I asked.

"What do you have for games?", Siena responded with her own question.

"Hmm, well we have your typical geek games like Catan and party games like Sexy Truth & Dare or Cards Against Humanity," I said.

"What's Sexy Truth & Dare?" Mariana chimed in.

I felt relief as she asked exactly the question I wanted. I could go on without tipping my hand. Richard just kept moving his head back and forth, passively watching the conversation like a tennis match.

"It's an Adult game. It has a series of cards that range from PG all the way up to pretty out there stuff. I've read some of them, and it's pretty harmless unless you break into the naughty pack," I said.

Siena said, "that sounds pretty fun. I'm curious now what's in the naughty pack!"

Everyone had a good laugh and we agreed to give it a try. The drinks definitely helped the go-with-the-flow attitude. Little did they know that I had authored many of the cards in the set and all of the naughty deck.

I opened the box and revealed four decks, each with a cutout and a label. I pulled out the first one, which was a light tan color and had the word "tame" at the bottom in small letters.

"Most cards have two questions, a question and a dare, or just a dare. You pick one on your turn and decide which one you want to do. If you're not up for either, pass the card to your partner and see if they are up for it. This deck is mostly Truths."

They played the game and answered mostly bland questions like "have you smoked weed?" and "snuck out of the house as a teen?" It didn't take long for Siena to start fiddling with other decks.

"Spicy, Bold, and Hot," she said, reading the names aloud. "I thought you said there was a Naughty deck."

Smiling, I lifted the cardboard deck holder. Underneath was a set of cards. "It's under here. Some of them have, umm, pictures, therefore it goes underneath."

I could tell she was curious. I put the cards away and gathered the Tame deck. Shuffling the Spicy deck, which had little chili peppers as a background, I pulled a couple cards out. "These cards start to have a gender designator on the back. This one is targeted towards a guy, for instance." I pointed at the symbol for man on the card. "It's just a suggestion, ya know, modern world and all".

The mood definitely changed as I shuffled the cards. Siena snuggled Richard, who appeared a tad uncomfortable. Mariana leaned into me. I kissed the top of her head.

The first card was a female symbol, so Siena picked it for the couple. "Tell us about the first time a boy got to second base," she read. "Second base? Umm, I assume that means grabbing boobs. I was like thirteen and was kissing a boy in his room. It felt pretty nice. He reached up and just grabbed it," she actually mauled her own breast to demonstrate. "I was in shock. I didn't know what to do. He took that as a green light and kinda pushed it around a bit. And then I heard a noise downstairs and took that as an opportunity to get the heck out of there."

Mariana nodded, expressing her agreement with the course of action. Each couple took a couple turns reading mildly racy truths. I picked the next card and showed them the back. "See how this one has a bigger man symbol and a smaller female off to the side? That indicates that it's meant for a man, but involves a woman. There are cards with every combo, so if you're not comfortable with girl on girl or guy on guy, just skip it."

I saw Richard blanch just a bit.

"Give your partner a deep French kiss," I read. "With pleasure," I said enthusiastically. Pulling Mariana's chin up, I softly kissed her on the lips. She sighed as I pushed my tongue in her mouth and we swirled our tongues around each other. I broke the kiss after a long minute.

"Mmm," Siena said. "Yummy."

She was a funny girl that Siena. "Anyone for more drinks?" I asked, getting up. Siena smirked at my obvious boner. I smirked back for catching her checking me out. I retrieved more potent potables and came back to Siena shuffling the Bold deck. More cards with two symbols were in this one.

"I have to warn you," I said, "the cards get to be more Dare or Dare from here."

Siena shrugged, Mariana snuggled, Richard sat awkwardly, so we proceeded. Siena picked one, she seemed eager to try it. It had a male symbol with a smaller female one, so she handed it to Richard. He turned nearly scarlet.

"Touch your partners breasts through her shirt," he read. He was completely lost for a few moments. He was going to totally back out. The game was about to fizzle.

"Oh, for fuck's sake," Siena said in exasperation. She reached down, took both his hands, and put them over her boobs. And held them there! I wish I had my camera out, the picture in my mind is one I can still recall and it always makes me laugh. I had noted earlier in the evening that she was either wearing a bralet or none at all, so he was getting quite the handful.

Everyone except Richard was laughing hard. He had an embarrassed smile himself. The spell wasn't broken and the game went on.

Each couple took turns. The cards were almost exclusively dares of the PG-13 variety: touching through clothes, a full clothed dance, and a male striptease that stopped before removing pants that I thought I rocked. Mariana and Siena gave me a little ovation at least.

After my performance, which the ladies clapped at, I had to use the restroom. It spurred an impromptu break, with the ladies also taking their turn, giggling as they went off.

I passed Siena coming back. She stopped me. "Let's get it rolling," she said.

"Ok, then," I responded.

Siena returned to the living room. I joined everyone, but I adjusted the lighting down a bit to give it a bit more mood. Siena picked up "Hot" and set it aside. She pulled the card holder out of the box and reached in for the deck below. The cards were a bright red color, universal indicator for danger.

"Are you sure you want to open that one, Siena?" I asked. "We haven't even seen what's in Hot yet."

"I'm dying of curiosity," she replied.

If Mariana wasn't two and a half drinks in she may have objected. Heck, even Richard was intrigued. The cards all had question marks on the back.

"Don't shuffle them. They get more, umm, interesting as you go along. And, ya, no more gender hints on the back. If you don't feel comfortable with the request, just hand it to someone else."

Siena shrugged. "Ok, who's first?"

Everyone paused. "I'll go," Mariana spoke up, and once again I was amazed by my beautifully adventurous wife.

"Snuggle and kiss sensuously a person who is not your partner," she read, raising her eyebrows. Richard was a deer stuck in the headlights. I thought to myself that he was in for a treat.

Mariana approached Richard like a lioness approaches her prey. I could swear that as she got closer that he was going to bolt. Just as she was ready to pounce and Richard had gripped the chair arm for dear life, Mariana veered off and plopped herself on Siena's lap instead. This made both burst into the giggles, which was infectious. Soon everyone was rolling.

Mariana smiled into her first kiss and the room went dead silent. It was a tentative touching of the lips, but it was electric. Siena wrapped her fingers in my wife's hair and they kissed for real, snuggling together. Richard and I both watched, mouths agape.They stayed together for what seemed like eternity. My cock suddenly was at half mast.

Finally, Mariana came up for air and disentangled herself, returning to my side. Both women's eyes were sparkling. I knew from long experience that my wife was turned on. I grinned from ear to ear. Mariana gave me that "oh you" look, it only made the grin wider.

Siena saw Richard and my goofy expressions asked, "Why do guys like that so much?"

We shrugged at the same time. It was another tension breaking moment.

I passed the cards over to Siena. She gave one to Richard, who was nearly quivering in his boots. I wondered how many drinks it would take to loosen that guy up. He read it and blushed, shaking his head.

"Out loud, please," I urged.

"It says, 'dance around for thirty seconds without your pants if you're a man, topless if you're a woman." He made no move to comply with the request.

Siena waved her finger at him. It wasn't the steadiest line. I think she was a bit tipsy. "Come now, play nice. I'll get music going." She tapped her phone and "I'm too sexy" was playing. I got Mariana up and started dancing. Siena stood up and pulled Richard to his feet.

We all gathered and stared meaningfully at Richard. Sighing, he took off his pants like a prisoner going into a jail cell. Siena came close and started to dance, making some goofy moves. It made us all smile and Richard loosen up. He put his hands on his head and moved his hips. His erection obviously bobbed and no one cared. It was awesome.

After the requisite time, we gave Richard a standing ovation. He responded with a short bow.

I picked the next card. But before I did I slipped five cards to the bottom. I wanted to turn up the speed a little. I read it, "one partner touches the others genitals under their clothing for a full minute. Points for removal of undergarments first."

I gave a meaningful glance at Mariana. She shrugged. I took her hand in mine and pulled her to her feet. I kissed her, grabbing her ass. Continuing to kiss, I reached under her dress and pulled her panties down. She tensed and then relaxed as I continued. I cupped her bare ass through the skirt and moved my hands under. Then, I turned her around so that she was facing the other couple. I teased her lower lips, kissing her neck. And then I pushed my middle finger inside of her. I found her clit and counted to a slow 50. Her pussy was soaked and her breathing a bit raggid when I released her. She wasn't entirely steady as she sat back down.

The mood certainly turned up a notch with that. I glanced over and noticed Richard sitting with his legs partially crossed, obviously trying to mask his erection. It was funny.

Pushing the cards over, I again pocketed a couple off the top. Siena read this one. Well, rather, she turned it over and showed everyone. It showed a woman sitting on a man's face, her dress draped over his head. It didn't take a genius to figure out what the dare was for this one.

Siena reached under her dress and pulled off some nearly sheer panties. She threw them at me and I caught them left handed, pocketing them as a trophy. She steered Richard onto the floor and then kneeled over him. The face I saw just before he disappeared was a mixture of confusion and arousal.

Siena then leaned back and you could hear the slurping sounds as clear as day. She rocked forward and back, tweaking her hard nipples through her dress. Her eyes were closed and her mouth open, silently moaning. And then it wasn't so silent.

I found myself entranced by it. You really couldn't see anything but it was sexy as hell. I added a roaming hand to my snuggling of Mariana and her hand was playing at the top of my thigh. I honestly thought I was going to witness an orgasm, but Siena rocked forward one more time and stood up. Richard lay slightly dazed on the floor, his face glistening wet, and an obvious erection tenting his pants. Mariana noticed too.

I disengaged from my wife long enough to grab a card. I had to adjust my erection first, as it was stuck at an inconvenient angle. "It's an All card," I said, "which means all couples do the dare." I paused dramatically and the audience perked up. "The card says.... Rock out with your cock out."

Richard was definitely confused.

"It means it's time for the gentleman to play the game bottomless. I'm up for it", I said, putting action to my words by dropping my pants. I wasn't wearing underwear, so my erection immediately bobbed into view.

"Commando, eh?" Siena asked with a smirk.

"Yep. Love the feeling."

On the other side, I had the sneaking suspicion Richard was going to quit. Siena saw it too. She whispered in his ear, he whispered back. I heard snippets back and forth, with the phrase "loosen up" coming across pretty clearly. Finally, she simply tugged his pants, and he reluctantly shed them, along with his boxers.

Mariana whistled, making him blush from head to toe. "Nice cock," she said, giggling.

Richard had no idea what to say so he just quickly sat down.

I noticed Siena sneaking peaks at my penis, so I grabbed it and waved it at her. She stuck out her tongue like a petulant child. I reflected the same right back at her. It's funny how being half naked in front of strangers can be almost normal quite quickly.



We all took a moment to collect ourselves and Richard reluctantly drew the next card. I noticed Siena stroking his thigh suspiciously close to his package. His cock actually twitched when she got too close.

"Umm, it says, 'choose a giver and recipient for oral sex. Both parties must agree for a full two minutes.". He paused in contemplation. Siena whispered to him, he whispered back. "Really?" I heard, and she nodded her head yes.

"Mariana, would you be willing to serve as the giver?" He asked, again pinking in the face.

"For whom, Richard?" She asked.

"Uh uh," he stammered.

"This is going to be good," I thought, chuckling to myself.

My wife is a sweetheart. She took him off the hook, "Richard, are you asking me to suck your dick?"

He nodded, sheepishly, studiously avoiding eye contact.

Mariana checked with me, I shrugged. So, she rose of the coach, grabbed a cushion, threw it on the floor, and knelt down smack in the middle of the room. She turned her sultry ready gaze on Richard. My cock twitched and it wasn't even directed at me.

Richard walked over tentatively, his cock slapping up and down. When he was close enough, Mariana reached forward and grabbed his penis in her little hands. She raised her eyes, stuck her tongue out, and licked his shaft from bottom all the way to the top and back down the other side. Retracing her path, she again reached his head and swirled her tongue around. Richard groaned in appreciation.

I checked on Siena and she was watching with rapt attention. She grabbed her boob through her dress and tweaked her nipple. I caught her eye and stoked myself so that she could see. I got a startled stare and wink for my efforts.

My wife had Richard in her mouth when I looked back over. She was pumping him slowly in and out of her mouth while gazing up at him. I love when she does that for me. That sucking and eye contact thing is such a turn on. Finally, she plopped him back out, an obscene "phoomp" when it departed. Richard stood there with eyes closed for a full ten seconds before he realized it was over and returned to his seat, stumbling over. Once he was settled, Siena grabbed his cock with her hand and quietly commenced stroking it.

Mariana lifted herself off the floor and grabbed a card on the way back to me. She had a big smile on her face. I suspect she enjoyed her play with Richard. She peered at the card. "Oh my," she said.

Turning it over, she showed me. It was a picture of a woman in a skirt sitting on her man's lap. Considering her current underwear situation and mine, the intent was clear.

It was Mariana's turn to whisper in my ear. "Should I?" she asked coyly.

To answer her, I kissed down her head and smooched her neck. She sighed. I helped her stand up to climb onto my lap, moving her skirt enough to let me beneath it and then draping it over both of us.

I began seriously kissing her again and she rocked her hips on me. My cock wasn't in the right position to enter her, but it did slide between her lips. She was so wet. Realizing how turned on the was amped me up even more.

I grabbed my erection underneath us and pointed it upward. She guided it in and sank all the way to my lap. I was inside of her, buried to the hilt. It was always a lovely feeling. Her eyes were closed, she was blocking out the world. Glancing over her shoulder, I could see Siena and Richard watching. Siena had her hand wrapped around Richard and was slowly jerking him off. I made eye contact and she gave me a huge smile and a thumbs up with the other hand.

Moving my hands under her skirt, I grabbed Mariana's bare ass and spread her cheeks as she rose up and came down again, this time wiggling her hips. I was so deep in her when she came down I could feel her lower lips "kiss" my balls.

She put her face tightly against my chest and muffled her moans. I found it cute that she was still shy around the other couple even now. But, I loved pushing the edge so I whispered "they're watching us" in her ear. She blushed, but I could hear her moan just a little more and she practically gushed fluid below. My upper thighs started to get damp.

When I made eye contact with Siena the next time, I gave her a little nod. She returned it. I don't believe anyone but us caught the interaction. She mirrored my wife in standing up and straddling Richard's lap. It startled him, as he was completely caught up in our show. Considering his expression, though, it was a happy surprise.

I whispered in Mariana's ear and she peeked over her shoulder. Smiling, she grinded down on my lap enthusiastically. Her eyes closed again and she thrust her chest out towards me. I reached up and unfastened her top shirt button. I could hear her breath catch, but she didn't stop. If anything, her pace quickened as I undid more of her buttons. When i reached the last one, she shrugged her shoulders and the shirt fell away, leaving her only in her bra.

Richard's eyes widened and Siena turned her head to watch us. She moved his hands to her dress and he lifted it, slowly at first, and then with a final flourish, completely off. Siena was completely naked, having forgone her bra. I licked my lips as I stared at the amount of skin. Even though her back was towards me, it was incredibly exciting.

After a couple minutes, I could tell Mariana's legs were cramping, so I lifted her off my lap, my penis slapping my thigh as it fell out. I could still see and hear Siena riding Richard in front of us.

Mariana pulled me aside to just outside the room. "How far do you want to go with this? What was your plan" she asked, knowing me and knowing that I had one.

"I was mostly playing this by ear. I don't have any set limits, do you?"

Mariana thought. "I don't mind having fun. This is ok. But, you're the only one I want inside of me and I don't want you inside anyone but me. Is that reasonable? I don't want to be the wet blanket."

I chuckled lightly. "Perfectly ok, my love. It has to be good for both of us, and this is a dream come true. I won't be greedy."

She looked relieved.

"... this time."

"Oh you," she said, but I knew she wasn't mad. In fact, she stepped back into the room, removing her bra and chucking it as she did. She looked stunning in just her skirt. She knew me so well to keep it on.

I grabbed her from behind, wrapping my arms around her and swaying back and forth. I turned her towards Richard and cupped her breasts, massaging her nipples with my fingers. She, in turn, thrust back against my erection with her ass. Her hands searched and found my shaft and she stroked me.

Siena stood up and turned towards us, revealing her naked body in all its glory. Her smaller breasts were so perky, with pierced nipples featuring little barbells. Her sex was shaved completely bare, a practice I loved and my wife also adopted. I let go of Mariana enough to open my arm and gesture her in. Siena didn't even hesitate: she stepped up and I drew her into a three way embrace. Mariana was equally welcoming and we all giggled.

Richard had the most dumbfounded expression. "Oh, come on," I said, and the girls parted enough to make room. He got up gingerly, his erection bobbing as he joined the group. Mariana made a point of pushing her bare breast against him and Siena guffawed when Richard blushed again.

I broke up the group hug, smacking Siena's ample and lovely ass as I did so. I also gave Richard a good whack on his ass on the way by, which earned a yelp of surprise from him and a couple of cheers from the girls.

I spun Mariana around a couple times, then bent her forward, her arms catching her on the couch. I flipped up her skirt, flashing her ass for all to see. She arched her back as I rubbed my cock through her lips. I teased her and she wiggled trying to trap my cock each time I withdrew. It was a familiar game and one in which there were no losers.

Richard watched with rapt attention. Even Siena had glassy eyes and rock hard nipples. I'm fairly sure they saw the exact moment I changed my angle and buried myself home in my wife. It made a wet slurping sound.

To his credit, Richard was the first to act for once. Frantically, he bent Siena down over their couch. I heard her groan "yessssss" as he simply shoved himself inside. Catching his eye, I gave a thumbs up. I then lightly pulled on Mariana's hair as I rode her from behind, exaggerating the gesture. He took the point and followed suit and Siena was now pounding back on his cock. A noticeable jiggle accompanied each thrust, and I couldn't help but watch the action.

I smacked my wife's ass and got it to jiggle too. Not as much, but it was a pleasant wave. I encouraged Richard to follow suit and he did, but with a tentativeness. So, I gave my wife a slightly loud slap to make a point. My wife arched her back and mmmed. Richard got the point and gave a much more respectful smack. Siena was similarly appreciative, making moaning sounds.

I moved Mariana to the other couch to be closer. They were right there in front of us and we were right in front of them. I could now see Richard's cock going in and out of Siena's pussy quite clearly and knew he could see me and Mariana. It was all I hoped for and more. The double thrill of voyeurism and exhibitionism was amazing.

We had our end of the couch and they theirs, so I proceeded to go through a clinic on sexual positions. Each time I simply moved Mariana where I wanted. It became a game of follow the leader, as Richard copied my actions for the most part. My favorite was when both women were laying on their backs on the couch, their legs around our shoulders. I mean, I could see the wet pink so vividly of both women. I reached out and touched Siena's clit, reveling in the soft slickness. Richard even followed suit and touched Mariana. It definitely was a highlight of the night.

I started to feel the familiar build up inside me, so I put Mariana in a classic doggy style position over the arm of the couch, her skirt flipped up but still on. I grabbed her hips and started really pounding away, knowing that I couldn't do that forever, but racing towards the finish line. I could see Richard do the same. I decided to watch them, knowing that would likely get me over the edge.

I saw Siena reach between her legs and proceed to masturbate her clit while Richard fucked her. Her moans were so sexy. Mariana also started to touch herself, which is when I realized that she was watching too. I winked at Siena and she deliberately brought her hand to her mouth and sucked on her middle finger, tasting herself. That was fucking hot.

The whole scene was just too much. I grabbed my wife's hips hard and plowed in for all I was worth. Mariana's moans filled the room and I realized she was so close. I was at the finish line, there was nothing that could stop me. I watched Siena and Richard get close and unloaded into my wife's pussy, filling her with my cum. It pushed her over the edge and she came with me.

I guess it had an effect on the other couple, because they were not far behind us. I reached over and felt Siena's boob and to my surprise Mariana gently grabbed the other. We were there when she went crashing over the cliff of an impressively explosive O. I think Richard came for like two minutes. It was quite the finale.

Afterwards, there was a bit of awkwardness, mostly from Richard. But Siena's no nonsense no care attitude, my lack of any embarrassment, and Mariana's go with the flow quickly dissipated it. We actually hung out naked for a few minutes and chatted. Then, by some unspoken agreement, we got dressed, said our goodbyes, complete with huge hugs all around.

I pulled Siena aside for a brief low voiced conversation.

"Well, if that doesn't increase his repertoire, nothing will," I said.

Siena nodded, "Indeed. Thank you so much. We had a lot of fun."

"As did we, as did we," I said. And then Siena and Richard left hand in hand.

I said to Mariana in a flat dead pan way, "well, that was fun and unexpected."

She said, "I think only one of those," I could tell she didn't mind. She had fun too.

I bought her upstairs and snuggled her. I knew she needed to feel me being close to her. And I wanted to assure her how much I loved my wife. It was the perfect end to a perfect evening.



4