THE VALLEY

BY ROLAND DEWINTER

I think my sister Claire probably always knew about my
"inclination" towards young girls and towards bondage. She was
quite a bit older than me, but lived at home for quite a while
and I know she saw me playing tie-up games with friends. Perhaps
she saw in me the desires which would take over my life when I
grew up. Anyway, she married Robert and they moved away, right on
the other side of the country, so I didn't see much of her, or
her family. She and Robert had kids quite quickly, first Jenny,
then the twins Tanya and Chrissie. I next heard from her many
years after that, when I was in my mid 20s. I was going through a
bad time because of my desires. Getting hold of material to
satisfy my needs was dangerous and the thought of actually
carrying out some of my fantasies really frightened me sometimes.
Even walking past a schoolyard, as I did on my way to work every
day, was torture. I could see little girls running around at play
and in my mind's eye they were naked and helpless at my feet.
Then Claire's letter came, out of the blue.

It seems she and Robert were planning a lengthy trip to visit his
family in New Zealand. They would be out of the country for at
least 3 months over the summer and they wanted me to house-sit
and look after the girls. I tried to work out their ages, Jenny
would be about 11 or 12 and the twins about 18 months younger. I
didn't hesitate. Claire was willing to pay me for the summer and
it added up to much more than my dead-end job and I knew their
house was pretty luxurious. Add to that the chance (as I saw it)
of being near some pre-pubescent girls who might be a bit lax
about what they wore or showed off in the family home and it
seemed just perfect. I grabbed for a piece of paper and a pen.

A week later I was in Robert's car as he drove me from the train
station back to their house. We were passing through a thickly
wooded valley. He glanced across and saw me looking around,
rather puzzled by the surroundings. "Claire and I found a house
here a couple of years ago. It's pretty exclusive, they don't let
just anyone move here. There are more houses around here than
you'd think, but they each have plenty of space and the trees
give a lot of privacy." A few minutes later we pulled off the
road and up to a fantastic large house set in among the trees.

"Go right in," said Robert, "the girls are dying to meet you.
I'll bring the luggage." I walked up to the door, but before I
got there it was flung open and a riot of noise and movement in
the form of three girls came flying out and wrapped their arms
round me.

"Hello, Uncle John," they shouted and I was delighted at the
sensation of small female bodies pressed against me. After a few
moments of chaos they detached themselves and stood breathlessly
to one side as their mother came out and gave me a peck on the
cheek.

"Hello, John dear," she said. "What do you think of your nieces?"
I took a moment to look at the girls more closely. The eldest,
Jenny, was a pretty blonde with shoulder-length hair. I knew she
was 12 years old and she was showing obvious signs of developing
womanhood. Despite her childish clothes, a pink T- shirt and
shorts, I could see that she had small but well-formed breasts
and her hips were beginning to widen. The other two, the twins,
were 10 years old with short brown hair and obviously less
mature. They were shorter than Jenny, although all three were
fairly small for their ages, and they had no sign of breast
development at all. "They're very pretty," I said, smiling at
them.

The next couple of hours went in a whirl. Claire and Robert were
leaving later that day and had to go through all the details with
me about how to look after the house. The girls stayed mostly out
of the way and only came downstairs from their rooms to say
goodbye to their parents, then disappeared again. After Claire
and Robert had gone I wandered into the living room and sat down
to watch TV. There was only some cartoon on and I was about to
switch it off when Jenny came in.

"Don't turn it off, Uncle John," she said, "that's my favourite,"
and she promptly sat down on my lap, put an arm round my shoulder
and leaned back against me to watch the show. For the next few
minutes the last thing on my mind was watching the cartoon. I had
a lap full of soft young girl who kept wriggling with laughter
whenever anything funny happened on screen. I could feel my cock
getting harder each time her buttocks rubbed against it and I was
sure she would soon notice. Eventually the cartoon finished and
turning to me she said "We're really glad you've come to look
after us, Uncle John. I just know we're going to have lots of fun
together." And with that she jumped off my lap and ran off to her
room. Was it my imagination or did she have a slightly naughty
grin on her face? Glancing back as she left the room, she must
have seen the bulge in my shorts!

I managed to put together a meal with sandwiches, crisps and coke
(although I'd promised Claire that I would feed the girls
properly). They all came down from their rooms, ate the meal with
very little chat and disappeared again immediately after. I sat
and watched TV, but eventually I realised it was getting late and
I ought to check that they were in bed. I went upstairs and along
the corridor to the twins' bedroom first. I walked straight in
without knocking, in the hope of seeing something interesting and
I wasn't disappointed. They were each lying on their own,
separate beds reading comics, but it was what they were wearing
that amazed me. They had on identical baby-doll nighties, very
short and completely see-through. Underneath they wore tiny pink
pants, nothing more than a thong with a little triangle of
material which barely covered their pussies. I knew I was
staring, but I didn't care what they thought. Then I realised I'd
better say something.

"I er.. came to say goodnight, girls."

"Goodnight, Uncle John," said Chrissie, demurely. "Goodnight,"
said Tanya, "oh, and don't forget to go in and see Jenny. She
said she had something special for you." Chrissie gave a little
splutter of stifled laughter as I turned away, but when I looked
back both girls were quietly getting into their beds.

I walked down the corridor and came to the door of Jenny's room
and pushed it open without knocking. I admit I was hoping to
catch her in a revealing pose, but what met my eyes totally took
my breath away. Jenny was lying spread-eagled on the bed, her
arms and legs stretched out in the shape of an X and tied with
ropes to the four corners. She was completely naked, blindfolded
and gagged.

***

My mind was a total blank and I admit I didn't really take in the
details of what I was seeing, even though it was a dream come
true, my boldest fantasy lying there before me. I stepped
forward, almost afraid to get any closer, as if I thought the
whole scene might vanish. Then I saw the two sheets of paper
lying on the bed between Jenny's legs. I picked them up. The
first one had Claire's handwriting on it and I started to read:

"Dear John, I know what a difficult time you've had in recent
years because of your special desires, but now you can realise
your feelings and help your nieces at the same time. Robert and I
have trained them from very small to love bondage and to accept
their submission for the pleasure of their master, whoever it
might be. They are all still virgins, because we did not want
Robert to take that final step, but we fully expect you to remedy
that before we return. There is no risk of pregnancy as they have
all had long-term contraceptive injections. They will expect to
be kept in bondage as much of the time as you want and there is
plenty of equipment in the house for you to use. Go to it, little
brother! Love, Claire. P.S. You may get some invitations from
other houses round the valley. There are a lot of like-minded
people in this area and a young man with your inclinations will
be very welcome."

The second sheet was in a more childish hand:

"Dear Uncle John, Chrissie and Tanya have put me here, ready for
you. Mummy's letter explains everything. You are in charge now
and all we want to do is to please you. We all like being tied up
and we have practised lots. There is rope and stuff in all our
rooms and we expect to be your prisoners from now on. Mummy
explained that some of the things you want to do might hurt, but
we will enjoy pleasing you whatever happens. We have never had a
man's thing inside us and we want you to be the first and I want
you to do it to me tonight. As I'm the oldest Mummy said I should
be first. But first you should go back to Tanya and Chrissie's
room and make sure they are safely tied up. Remember we will do
whatever you want. Love Jen"

With an appearance of self-control which I didn't really feel I
put the letters down, turned round and walked back out into the
hallway. Without the sight of Jenny's naked body in front of me I
almost felt as though it was a dream, but then a surge of
uncharacteristic confidence hit me and I walked boldly into the
twins' room.

"Get up!" I said firmly, and the next moment they were out of bed
and standing before me. "Show me your ropes," I ordered. Tanya
immediately turned to the dresser by her bed and pulled open a
drawer which proved to be full of lengths of white nylon rope,
neatly coiled, as well as various other items with leather and
buckles, which I didn't recognise at that point.

"There you are, Uncle John," she said. I took a deep breath and
decided to go all the way, testing my new-found command.

"No talking. Strip, both of you." And standing in front of me, my
delightful pre- pubescent nieces whipped their nighties over
their heads and had their minuscule pants off almost in the same
movement. I took a moment to savour the sight. As I'd already
guessed, they had no breasts to speak of, just the merest
plumpness which hinted at the development to come. Their nipples
were soft and pink and I let my gaze wander down from there
across their flat tummies and narrow hips. I studied Tanya's
hairless mound, with its soft lips and virginal cleft. When I
glanced across at Chrissie I realised there was a slight
difference between them; she had a small brown birthmark just
above the top of her slit, which Tanya did not have. Both girls
stood quite still, with eyes down, and I realised that they were
waiting for me to tell them what I wanted. My control was
absolute and I felt a surge of lust swelling my cock at the
thought of these two naked girls in my power.

"Turn around," I said, roughly, and they did so. "Put your hands
behind you." They did so. I took a length of nylon rope from the
drawer and kneeling behind Tanya I looped it round her wrists
several times and cinched it tightly. I heard a slight intake of
breath as I jerked the final knot, but otherwise she was quite
silent. I took another length of rope and did the same to
Chrissie. I paused a moment to run my hands over their buttocks,
stroking and pinching the soft flesh, then I delved in the drawer
again and found two long strips of white cloth and two squares of
flannel. Turning Chrissie round I folded the flannel and wedged
it firmly between her lips then wound the strip of cloth several
times round her head to complete the gag and knotted it behind
her head. I repeated this with Tanya, then lifted each girl onto
her own bed and taking more lengths of rope I secured their legs
with ties at ankles and just above the knees.

My state of mind throughout this was very strange. The actions
were almost automatic. I'd fantasised about exactly such a
sequence of events so many times that reducing two naked young
girls to utter helplessness was quickly and efficiently achieved,
but I almost felt I was watching someone else doing it. I knelt
between the beds and spent a few moments enjoying the sight and
feel of their bodies. With one hand I grasped Tanya's undeveloped
breast and pinched the soft flesh of the nipple between finger
and thumb. She gave a muffled gasp as I increased the pressure.
My other hand pushed between Chrissie's thighs and my fingers
eased into her cunnie and found the tiny knob of flesh which was
her juvenile clitoris. I flicked it with my fingernail and she
gave a surprised squeak at the unexpected sensation. Satisfied
that they weren't going anywhere I stood up and left the room,
flicking the light off as I went, leaving them to lie helpless in
the dark.

I entered Jenny's room again and stood looking at her. Dealing
with the twins had given me confidence and I quickly took off my
shorts and shirt, allowing my rampant cock its freedom. I moved
up to the side of the bed and took a moment to study her in
detail.

The bed was a double size and Jenny was laid on her back. Her
arms had been stretched wide to the corners and tied with lengths
of rope to metal rings screwed into the corners of the bed frame.
I realised with a shock that the bed had been specifically
adapted for bondage and the twins had skilfully arranged the
ropes so that no knots were within reach of Jenny's fingers,
allowing for no possibility of escape. Her face was almost
completely hidden by multiple turns of cloth which had been wound
to form both a gag and a blindfold. A bulge in the cloth over her
mouth indicated that something had been wedged in there to
enforce her silence. The only sound was the soft hissing of her
breathing. My gaze moved down to her chest, which rose and fell
gently. Her breasts were more developed than the twins';
half-formed mounds of soft flesh with the tiny pink buds of her
nipples at their apex. As I looked further down towards her
smooth belly I realised that the twins had placed a pillow under
her bottom, then tied her legs tightly to the bottom corners of
the bed. This elevated her pubic mound and pulled the lips
slightly apart, exposing a hint of pink flesh in the depths of
her slit.

I reached out and placed my left hand on her breast. She gave a
little start as the touch surprised her and I saw her thighs
tremble slightly, as if she were about to pull them together. But
the protective reflex was denied by her helpless state. Gently I
sank my fingers into the soft flesh and began to squeeze. Her
breath sighed out and I felt her nipple puckering into a hard
point beneath my palm. I shifted my grip and taking the tiny bead
between finger and thumb I pinched it and rolled it back and
forth. A faint moan escaped through her gag and she seemed to try
and heave upwards off the bed. However, her tightly bound and
stretched position meant that she had very little scope for
movement. I brought my other hand over and placed it on her upper
thigh, my fingers resting on her pussy. I became aware of a
sparse covering of fine blond hair across her mound and I took
hold of a few strands and pulled gently, opening her up. My other
hand was still working at her breast and the nipple was now fully
erect and shading to a deeper pink with my attentions. Her
breathing was getting faster and little whimpers of sound were
audible. Inside the lips of her pussy I could see the pink inner
flesh beginning to swell and glistening with her arousal.

I moved round the bed and knelt between Jenny's legs. She felt
the bed move and must have realised where I was. She was
breathing fast now, her hands twisting against her bonds, her
legs jerking. I leaned forward, hands either side of her and
looking down her body I positioned my cock against her pussy. She
gave a frightened squeak as she felt the tip nudging between her
lips. I moved a little further until about an inch of my organ
was inside her. I could feel her whole body quivering, but she
was holding very still, waiting for her final moment of girlhood.
Bracing myself against the bed I lunged forward.

The sensation was beyond anything I could have imagined. I felt a
tight ring of flesh travelling down my cock. There was a moment
of resistance, but I plunged through, sweeping away her
virginity. Her whole body arched up off the bed as my cock buried
itself to the hilt. She gave what would have been a piercing
scream, but through the gag was only a muffled wail of pain. I
held still for a moment at the extreme of penetration, savouring
the sensation of my cock enclosed in her warm softness, then I
slowly pulled back, allowing myself to almost slip out of her.
She subsided onto the bed again with a gasp, but then I was
pushing again, riding a tide of wetness into her body. I built up
a steady rhythm, aided by her increasing lubrication. The squeals
of pain began to sound more like whimpers of pleasure and she
started to lift her hips with each stroke. Her range of movement
was limited, but nonetheless she seemed to be doing her best to
urge me deeper and deeper into her body. And suddenly she was
coming. I felt her jerk beneath me and give a high-pitched wail.
Her cunt contracted and that brought me to a climax at the same
time and I pushed in hard. My cock began to pump. I shot a jet of
hot cum into her as her body quivered and then flopped loosely
onto the bed.

I rolled away from her and stood beside the bed, looking down at
my newly-raped prisoner. There was a pink flush across her throat
and down over her breasts which were still rising and falling
with her rapid breathing. Her cunt was also reddened with the
darker pink of her inner lips puffing out. Along the cleft
between them I could just see drops of white fluid starting to
ooze out. There were a few spots of blood on her thigh and some
on my cock, but otherwise little sign of her lost virginity.

A sudden idea struck me and I strode back through to the twins'
room. The girls were lying more or less where I'd left them and
both reacted with wide-eyed surprise when they saw me naked, my
half-erect cock still damp with their sister's juice. I picked
both girls up, one under each arm and carried them back to
Jenny's room. Choosing at random I dumped Tanya on the floor and
heaved Chrissie onto the bed. I untied and removed her gag, then
turned her so that she was looking straight into Jenny's pussy.

"Get to work," I said. "Your sister needs cleaning up and it's
your job." She glanced at me uncertainly, then she stretched
forward and extended her tongue to touch the soft flesh. Jenny
gave a little gasp, then a low moan as Chrissie scooped up the
droplets of cum and began to push her tongue into the swollen
cleft. I turned away and headed for the bathroom with a sense of
a job well begun. One down and two to go!

***

Waking up on my first morning in the Valley was a delightful
combination of sensation and memory. The sensation came from the
exquisite warmth of wet lips and tongue round the tip of my cock,
which was rapidly coming erect. I opened my eyes and looked down
to see, in the half-light of the bedroom, one of the twins (I
couldn't tell which!) valiantly trying to take as much of my
organ as possible into her mouth. She was good at it, too. Her
hands were still tied behind her, but she was working away with
her mouth to very good effect. She kept her teeth out of the way
and I felt her tongue flicking round the head. Within moments I
was ready to come and dropped my hand onto the back of her head
to keep her in place. She gave a squeal of surprise and tried to
pull away, but then my cock was pumping and a jet of cum shot
into her mouth. Unable to escape she could only produce a frantic
gurgling noise as she did her best to swallow the results of her
actions. Finally I finished and let her roll aside where she lay
on her back, gasping, with splatters of white fluid across her
face.

"Oh, Uncle John," she said at last, "you make a lot more than
Daddy!"

I smiled at the comment and closed my eyes. Now that the
immediate sensation was dealt with my mind floated back to the
night before, to Jenny's helpless surrender and the memory of
what happened next. When I came back from the bathroom it was to
find Jenny gasping and wriggling towards another orgasm with
Chrissie's tongue buried inside her. As I watched I felt myself
rising to the occasion and considered where I might take my next
relief. Tanya lay on the floor a short distance away, also
watching and I could see her squeezing her bound thighs together.
The sight of her sisters so intimately engaged was definitely
turning her on. I heaved her up to stand on her feet and untied
the ropes around her ankles and knees. I thrust my hand between
her legs and probed into her pussy to find it thoroughly wet. She
gave a little whimper as my fingers explored.

"Hmmm, you obviously like that. Let's see what else we can fit in
there." Her eyes widened as I placed my hands under her armpits
and heaved her into the air. Thanks to regular work-outs I'm
pretty strong and I lowered her slowly down the front of my body.
Her legs stayed slightly apart and I felt my cock touch her pussy
lips and gently nudge them apart. She gave a little gasp and a
shudder as she felt the contact. Her legs gave a couple of
half-hearted kicks, but before she could try to wriggle away I
decided to just let gravity do the work for me. I simply let her
drop onto my cock in one swift motion. Her cunt was deliciously
tight, even more so than Jenny's, but already well lubricated and
the whole thing was so quick I just felt as though my cock was
instantly hugged in warm, wet flesh. I didn't even feel her
virginity go, but it was evident she did. She gave a high-pitched
squeal through the gag and arched back, pulling her upper body
away from me. I let her go a short way, then held her so that she
was tilted back. Both of us instinctively looked down at the
point where our bodies were joined. Her eyes were wide with
surprise as she saw her cunt lips stretched round my cock and the
outline of my organ bulging her belly.

I held her there for a second, then pulled her forward again and
lifted her, allowing her to slide upwards almost off my cock,
then dropped her down again. Up again, then down. Her legs were
too short to reach the floor while suspended on my cock and her
bound hands meant she had no means of escaping. Her voice
disappeared to be replaced by gasps and grunts. Then suddenly she
stiffened, shuddered and went completely limp, eyes closed. I
realised with a shock that she had fainted clean away, whether
through orgasm, pain or emotion I couldn't tell. With a final
heave I lifted her clear of my cock and dropped her motionless
form on the floor.

Now I had a problem. My cock was still hard and unrelieved. I
decided to turn to the only remaining virgin pussy. On the bed
Jenny had subsided in another orgasm and seemed to be completely
limp. Chrissie lay with her head on her sister's swollen pussy,
her eyes closed. I stepped up to the bed and grasping Chrissie's
small body I heaved her up on to her sister, face-down with her
head on Jenny's breasts. Her cunt was now resting on Jenny's and
I grabbed the spare pieces of rope and quickly lashed Chrissie's
thighs to Jenny's, holding her legs apart. I knelt on the bed and
lowered myself until the tip of my cock was in position against
her slit. Despite the lack of a gag she had remained silent until
that moment, but then she spoke.

"Uncle John, don't stop, please" "I told you not to talk!" and
on the final word I made the thrust. My cock seemed to force her
lips apart as I plunged in. The sensation was different from the
other two, perhaps because I was taking her from behind, but
there was still the warm tightness. My cock seemed to stop an
inch or so short of full penetration as Chrissie gave a
high-pitched cry and tried to jerk her bottom away from me,
impossible to do because she was too tightly tied. I knew I was
close to coming and gave a couple of short thrusts before
starting to pump my cum into her.

"Oh oh it's warm! It's aaaahh!" Chrissie's words subsided into
a long- drawn out wail as her own orgasm jerked through her,
bringing gasps from Jenny, whose body was being pummelled by her
sister's movements. I pulled out and stepped away. Between
Chrissie's quivering thighs I could see her cunt, the inner lips
swollen and glistening. Droplets of white fluid oozed from the
slit and ran down onto her sister's pussy, mixing with the fluids
already there.

On the floor behind me there was moan from Tanya, who had
recovered her senses. I picked her up and removed all her bonds
and the gag.

"I want you to untie your sisters and all get yourselves cleaned
up, then come to my room. Bring one piece of rope each.
Understand?" She nodded.

Ten minutes later I lay on the bed and watched as all three girls
came into the room. They stood silently. The twins' eyes were
downcast, but Jenny looked up, her gaze resting on my half-erect
cock. It was the first time she had actually seen the organ
responsible for her pleasure and pain and I knew her mind was
replaying that moment again.

Taking the ropes from them I tied each girl's hands behind her
and told them to lay on the bed. I lay down with them, making
Jenny's breasts my pillow and the twins snuggled up on either
side and that was how we spent most of the night. Eventually I
released Jenny's hands and sent her back to her own room, but I
kept the twins with me. The sheer delight of lying in that bed,
surrounded by helpless girl-flesh, was one of the sweetest
memories of that time.


