Day 60

He made them watch the islands of Japan burn. The Master hauled them all up to the bridge and made them watch it. Jack was devastated at the thought of so many needless deaths. His heart went out to all the poor souls below and he wondered if there had been anything at all he might have done to prevent the wanton destruction.

Wild rumors circulated that both Martha and Toshiko had been there when the Toclafane had descended and torn the people and the land apart. The Master never said so, but Jack was sure the rumors were at least partially behind the Master’s decision to destroy Japan.

Ship’s night had fallen on the Valiant and Jack hung alone in his cell with nothing but his own thoughts. The Master had left him alone for several days, but Jack wasn’t fooling himself that he’d been forgotten. First the Doctor’s foiled escape attempt monopolized the Master’s attention, then the rumors about Martha and Tosh surfaced. The Time Lord had spent the better part of the last week plotting how he was going to destroy Japan. Jack knew his luck had to be running out, and he couldn’t help but feel a little fearful. If he was honest with himself, he dreaded the return of the Master’s focus.

Because he’d been left alone for so long, he hadn’t been forced to watch the torment of his team. On the other hand, because he hadn’t seen them, he didn’t know how they were doing. He hoped Ianto and Gwen were together, that they had contact so they could draw comfort and strength from one another. Ianto’s strength was quiet. Gwen’s strength was loud and aggressive. Jack knew that Gwen saw Ianto’s quiet ways as timidity and would do all she could to protect and shelter him. Ianto would let her, all the while silently propping her up and supporting her so that she was almost unaware it was even happening. Just like he did everyday for Jack.

Jack allowed himself a small smile when he considered what kind of hell PC Cooper was probably giving her captors. There was no way she was going to make it easy on any of them. She was Jack’s own personal hellion. She questioned and challenged at every turn and had managed in a very short period of time to drag Jack out of the hub, off of the roofs and back into the business of living amongst the citizens he protected everyday. Jack relished her humanity.

He was suddenly struck by a fear that had been dogging him ever since the Master had first captured Owen and Gwen. Their safety depended on him -- his cooperation and his obedience. The Master had vowed that Jack would say his name some time very soon. He had managed to avoid it so far, but he knew he couldn’t hold out forever. The Master wouldn’t let him. It seemed to be the last remaining symbol of Jack’s resistance, and the Time Lord was going to strip him of that dignity very soon.

He refused to think about it right now, but he knew beyond a certainty that he would give in when the time came because it meant Gwen’s life.

It meant Ianto’s life.

………………………………………………..

Day 63

The guards filed into the room. He’d stopped making clever quips when he’d realized they were the Master’s prisoners as much as he was. Jack submitted to their dignified and economic removal of his clothing.

Instead of filing out of the cell when they were done, they took up positions all around the inside. The Master strode in, a thunderous expression on his face. He spoke to no one, including Jack. He looked at no one. A flunky entered on his heels carrying a folding chair. The flunky set the chair up for the Master who sat down and opened up the book he carried. Clan of the Cave Bear would not have been high on the list of reading material Jack would have attributed to the Master, but it wasn’t like he really cared one way or another.

The guards stood at attention, Jack hung naked, and the Master read a book. Wasn’t this cozy? Jack was anxious and that anxiety grew stronger as every silent second ticked by. He was angry with himself for letting the Master have this power over him.

Jack was about to let a smart comment roll off his tongue when he realized he was hearing a repetitive rhythm. The Master sat still in his chair, apparently enthralled with his book, but his fingers were tapping out the rhythm. Over and over his fingers made the sound of the hypnotic Archangel beat against the hard cover of the book he held. It had become the sound of evil, of pain, of domination and of destruction, and it made Jack’s blood run cold.

He was unaware of how long he stared at the Master’s tapping fingers before the Time Lord closed his book and stretched. He stood and approached Jack. “You’ve wised up, Jack,” he said. “You didn’t get yourself caught up in the Doctor’s most recent foolish plan.”

Jack remained silent. Two could play at this game.

“I really shouldn’t take my anger with the Doctor out on you, except whatever I do to you, you ultimately live through,” the Master said.

Jack looked at the Master through heavy lidded eyes, he knew something ugly and painful was about to happen. He’d refused to participate in the Doctor’s harebrained scheme yet he was about to pay the price for its failure anyway. Jack couldn’t win and it made him despair.

The Master’s flunky handed him a wicked bladed knife. Jack steeled himself when he felt the cold metal of the blade against the side of his throat where the Master pressed it against his skin. “Maybe if I kill you a few times I’ll feel better.” Slowly, the Master drew the blade across Jack’s throat.

Blood flowed heavily from the wound, coursing freely down the front of Jack’s naked body. He heard himself choking and gasping. The sharp metal had sliced through vital structures and Jack felt his life slowly ebb. Then he couldn’t breathe. He wanted to scream but his throat was sliced clean through and anything that would have made a sound was severed. Jack sagged against his restraints as he bled to death.

He gasped back into the world of the living and bit back a groan of pain as he looked around quickly. He was still chained, still naked, still guarded and still in the presence of the Master.

Well, fuck.

The Master sat in his chair reading, his fingers tapped out the menacing rhythm. Jack stood as still as he could and kept as quiet as he was able. He tried not calling attention to himself and avoiding the Master’s ire. Jack knew he was fooling himself. The Time Lord knew he’d revived. He’d turn his attention to Jack when he was ready.

The Master turned several pages in the book before he seemed to take notice of Jack again. He stood and stretched then turned to regard Jack. “A little slower this time, I should think.” The Master said, almost to himself.

Jack refused to make eye contact with the Time Lord as he steeled himself for the next death.

Jack watched the Master take up his long bladed knife again. He moved to Jack’s left side and the cold metal tip pressed between two of his ribs. The Master pulled his arm back and drove the heel of his hand into the hilt of the knife, thrusting it between Jack’s ribs and up into his chest cavity.

“Fuck,” Jack said between clenched teeth.

The Master stepped around until he was on Jack’s right side. He laid the tip of the knife between two ribs and once again hammered it into Jack’s body.

This time Jack growled loudly at the pain.

“Yes, I should think that would do it,” the Master mused before returning to his book.

Jack was fucking sick of dying. He was tired of being afraid all the time. He would give almost anything for a respite from his dread of the Master’s attention on him.

Jack’s knees weakened and he couldn’t force himself to stand anymore. His chest burned with each wet gasp for breath and it grew harder and harder to suck air into his overtaxed lungs. Jack coughed painfully and tasted blood on his own lips. He was dying. He didn’t want to do this. He didn’t want to die again. As much as the wounds hurt, the pain of revival was excruciating and Jack dreaded his return to life. He cursed silently when it occurred to him the Master would plunge him right back down into oblivion as soon as Jack resurrected. The Master didn’t look up once as Jack’s pained, wet gasps echoed through his cell. Still, he was sure the Time Lord knew the exact instant that he died.

Jack had no time to register his resurrection when the Master leaped up from his chair and plunged his knife into Jack’s sternum. With all his strength the Time Lord drove the blade up into Jack’s newly beating heart and twisted. Jack cried out in shock and agony.

The knife clattered loudly to the floor as the Master reached his hands up to grasp Jack’s head. The Time Lord held him still with his cruel grip. “Look at me, Jack,” he ordered.

He tried not to. Jack tried not to look at the Master’s hard, crazed eyes. His chin was gripped harshly in one of the Master’s hands as he tried to force the eye contact. Jack felt himself weakening. He was tempted to give in to the Master’s demands. That was unacceptable, unthinkable. He resisted the urge with all his will.

“I told you to look at me, Jack. Your defiance is going to get one of your precious kiddies hurt.”

That got Jack’s attention; he snapped his eyes up to meet the Master’s. He swallowed hard at the pain and the fear and the insanity he saw in the Time Lord’s gaze.

“You’re still resisting me, Jack. What will it take to break you?” The Master returned his hands to the sides of Jack’s face. “Maybe the new pet, hmm? The one called…let me see, what was it again? Oh yes. Ianto.”

Jack knew he had to school his features. He could not afford to give away such an insight. He shouldn’t have a favorite amongst his team, but he did. If the Time Lord had any idea that Ianto might be favored, the pain and suffering he would inflict on the younger man would be harsher than anything already done to any of them.

The fear and the pain mingled. Jack could once again feel himself slipping into death. He focused on the Master so as to block out all thoughts of Ianto.

“That’s better,” the Master said with a terrifying smile. “I want to watch you die, Jack. I want to see the life slip from your eyes. I want to breathe in the last breath from your lungs.”

Jack tried to hide the terror that coursed through his body, then suddenly thought better of it. The Master wanted Jack’s surrender. His surrender would keep Gwen and Ianto safe. Jack tried to find some comfort in this but it brought him no peace. The need to fight back nearly overwhelmed him until he realized the only thing keeping him from giving in was pride. His pride was not worth Ianto’s life or Gwen’s life. He let the Master see his fear.

As Jack died this time, he held the Master’s eyes and let the sobs escape his lips. He was in pain and he was frightened and he stopped hiding it.

The moment the Master saw the shift in Jack his own eyes took on a new expression. Jack read it as arousal. Jack’s fear turned the Master on. He was powerless against that kind of sickness. As Jack died he had a sinking feeling he and his team were doomed.

Jack drew his first breath and again his eyes focused on the Master.

“That was so fun, Jack! Let’s do it again.” The Time Lord stood before Jack, his knife resting threateningly at the juncture between his neck and shoulder. “I was just reading that this was how the Romans executed high-ranking prisoners.” As he said this last word, the Master sank the knife into Jack’s shoulder to be met with a fountain of blood. “I see why they liked this!” the Master crowed delightedly as he withdrew the blade and stepped back to watch the blood gush from Jack’s wound.

Jack had an overwhelming desire to try to staunch his own wound, but he found himself brought up short by his restraints. He saw the Master step forward to run his hands through the blood running down Jack’s chest. The Time Lord ran his hands over Jack’s skin and down his belly, smearing the blood as he went. He seemed to revel in the warm stickiness. Jack felt sick at the Master’s very evident state of arousal brought on by Jack’s blood and pain.

As Jack died, he wondered how many more times he was going to have to endure this. The Master’s kink for blood didn’t bode well for his future.

Jack came back to himself and found the Master’s chair empty before him. He had no time to register how this might be a good thing before he heard the psychotic Time Lord speak from behind him.

“Do you know what a pike is, Jack?”

Before he could answer, Jack felt cold metal ease between his thighs and press up against the core of his body. He mindlessly moved away from the dangerous intimacy. Such a touch always meant pain and death here on the Valiant and Jack’s fear ruled him. Visions of castration flashed across Jack’s brain. He felt the metal tip scratch across his most intimate flesh as he desperately tried to avoid its touch. Sliced or impaled, it didn’t matter. Jack only knew he had to get away.

“Ancient Earth armies used to place their prisoners on pikes to scare their enemies. Make them think twice about going into battle.” The Master ran a hand over Jack arse cheeks and up over his back. “The book says it’s a rather excruciating way to die. When you come back this time, you’ll have to tell me if that’s so.”

Jack screamed and swore as the metal weapon between his thighs was thrust up into his body. It was sharpened to such a point his tender flesh parted readily before the pike’s progress. Jack’s gut felt as though it was on fire. His body was moving of its own accord, trying to remove itself from the object bringing him such agony. There was no way to avoid it. Jack heard his own voice growing hoarse as he screamed on and on.

The Master twisted whatever weapon he had buried inside Jack and the pain flared anew, wrenching more anguished screams from his throat.

Jack plummeted toward unconsciousness. He didn’t have the strength to react when the Master withdrew the offending weapon and let it clatter to the floor. He stepped around to Jack’s face and grasped it once again. The Time Lord pressed his lips to Jack’s as he slid once again into death.

……………………………………..

When Jack awoke, the Master was gone. guards lowered him gently to the floor. Francine and Tish hovered close by with basins of water and clean cloths. The women’s hands were gentle, the water warm, and their words soothing as they cleaned away his blood once again. his blood still on the floor of the cell. Footprints had been tracked through the puddle and around the room. One of the guards came in . It served only to smear his drying blood around the floor. The guaking the puddle larger, spreading it throughout the room. Jack had to look away, the sight was making him sick.

“You tell the Doctor this is on his head,” Jack said with more venom than he thought he could muster. “This is the price we pay for his failed plans.”

“Shh shh shh,” Francine whispered. “That’s the pain and the trauma talking, Captain.”

“No. He drags the people around him into his causes then he abandons them when he has what he wants,” Jack said tiredly. “I’m not risking my team for him to get free, then leave us to the Master’s tender mercies.”

“He cares about you!” she argued. “He asks about you all the time.”

“He wants to make sure I’ll be around to do what he wants me to do. It’s not that he cares about me. Not the way I care about my team.” Jack was so tired. He felt weary down to his bones, and overwhelmed with desperation to protect his team. It angered him that the Doctor kept looking to him for participation in these ill-fated plans to distract the Master.

“We’ll need you when Martha comes back,” Francine said. “Not the Doctor. Us. Tish and Martha and I.”

“I’ll do anything I can for you ladies. I just won’t do it because the Doctor wants me to.”

“That’s enough talk for now,” Francine chided, running a gentle hand through his hair. “You deserve some peace and some rest.”

………………………………………………..

Jack dozed on his feet in the deep of the ship’s night. The humidity was still hell, but the thrum of the Valiant’s engines had become comforting to him.

He needed some peace. He needed an escape. Just for a little while. Jack dug deep for a thought, a memory that could comfort. There were so many bad ones he tried to avoid. Parts of his childhood had been horrific. His teens had been spent at war. During his early adult years he’d been a righteous bastard.

He’d made changes, though. During his time on Earth he’d become a different person. He was saving lives instead of taking them. He was protecting people instead of conning them out of their money and treasured possessions. He had tried to become a better man.

Torchwood had not been without its pain. Many friends had died over time. As beloved as Jack’s current team was to him, they had their issues. At times he felt as though he was a secondary school teacher, but they always came through for him when he needed them to. They looked to him for leadership, guidance, reassurance, and support. Jack tried to be the man they all thought he was. He loved his team unconditionally. Faults, weaknesses, skewed beliefs and all. He loved them all the same way he hoped to be loved one day.

He was so grateful they couldn’t see him now.

Jack remembered the last time he’d been helpless to control events around himself. It had been Ianto who had held him up when he had stumbled that time. The night John Ellis had taken his own life, Jack had returned to the Hub in a dangerously dark mood, but Ianto had stood firm and seen to him until it and the dark night had passed.

Before that, it had been the second time Suzie had died. Jack had been headed for a dark place when Ianto shone a bright light on him with that damn stopwatch. The two of them had gone from mutual attraction to mutual blame and betrayal. They had found mutual forgiveness and absolution in one another. They had sought and found comfort.

Before Ianto, Jack couldn’t remember the last time anyone had wrapped their arms around him and asked no questions, made no demands. A sense of warmth invaded his being. If he allowed himself, he might even admit he felt a little bit of happiness when he remembered those moments. Jack wanted so badly to feel those arms around him now.

He had found his comforting memories. His mental refuge. This was where he was going the next time the Master turned his attentions on Jack. He was going to go back to Ianto’s arms.

………………………………………………….

Day 71

The guards came for him late in the day and Jack felt nothing but apprehension. He walked through the halls with his escort in silence, tension palpable between them. The very worst times so far had happened when they had taken him to the Master’s room. Jack knew it. The guards knew it.

Francine awaited him again. They moved quietly through their routine of cleaning Jack up, her tone always low and comforting, and her hands always competent and gentle. He had a genuine affection for Martha’s mother. If a silver lining was to be had in all this, the showers were it. Still, it wasn’t nearly enough.

Francine finished with his hair. Jack suspected it was her way of trying to mother him. “He didn’t leave you clothing this time.”

Jack sighed heavily. He knew first hand how torturers break down their subjects. Isolation, humiliation, pain. Depriving him of clothing increased his feelings of helplessness in a situation where he was already well aware of his vulnerability.

He couldn’t have done it better himself.

……………………………………………………..

Jack sat, still wrapped in his towel. He picked at the food Tish had brought. He appreciated it, but his stomach was still twisted into a painful knot at the thought that the Master was coming for him.

The Time Lord blew into the room, slammed the door and engaged the isomorphic lock. “Evening, Jack,” he said conversationally, coming to sit in the opposite chair. “Sorry I’ve neglected you lately.”

”Have you neglected me? Funny, I hadn’t noticed.”

“Had my hands full for a time,” the Master continued as if he and Jack were taking tea. “You have my attention now, though. In fact, I’ve given instructions that we’re not to be disturbed for the entire night.”

Jack’s heart pounded in his chest, and he felt physically sick. His bravado was taking a toll on his body and mind.

The Master heaved a heavy sigh and regarded Jack with a sad expression. “You’re still resisting me, Jack. Come now. You know it’s useless.”

It was true. Jack did know it was useless. He feared that in spite of his best intentions of keeping his team safe, Jack was not going to be able to give it up. He realized he was going to have to be broken. He was sickened by the realization that he wanted to be broken. He wanted it over with. Jack wanted the decision taken from his hands.

The Master gave Jack a slow shake of his head. “Well, if you insist on going about this the hard way, let’s get started.” He pushed himself out of his chair and moved to the foot of the bed, opening a large chest. He removed a set of heavy manacles, similar to the ones that held Jack in his cell day after day. The Master tossed the restraints into Jack’s lap. “Put them on,” he ordered.

When Jack had the metal fastened around his wrists, he looked up and saw the Master had hung a thick chain from the ceiling, short in length and with a carabineer on the end.

“Step over here, Jack.” The Master sounded almost bored. Jack rose and stepped toward the Time Lord. He felt the towel torn roughly from around his hips. “You have no need for this.”

Jack stood beneath the chain. The Master made an upward gesture and Jack by lifted his hands over his head. The Master secured his hands and left Jack suspended, stretched to his full height and then some.

Reaching back into the chest, the Master withdrew an electric baton.

“Before we start the real fun,” the Master said, “we’re going to have to work on your manners.” The Time Lord stepped in close to Jack and waved the baton in front of his face. “If you insist on doing this the hard way, I’ll just have to indulge you.”

The Master pressed the button that powered up the baton then stepped back to regard Jack.

pressed the business end of the baton to Jack’s chest and he felt high-voltage electricity rip through his entire body.

Jack didn’t scream so much as he yelled. He yelled in pain. He yelled in anger.

“Say my name, Jack,” the Master said when he pulled the baton away.

Jack breathed heavily and his chest heaved with exertion. He cast his eyes skyward and thought about seeking non-existent divine guidance. He had no control of anything anymore, so why was he hanging on to this?

The Master pressed the baton into the soft flesh of Jack’s side and his body clenched and arched against the voltage. He yelled again. He kept yelling. He flailed uselessly in his bonds and he kept yelling.

The Master once again ended the pain. “One little word, Jack. That’s all it would take to make this stop forever.”

Jack sobbed in response. He was on the verge of giving the Master his tears, so why did he refuse to just say the name? He wished desperately for the Time Lord to just take it from him. In his anguish, Jack realized he needed and wanted the Master to just tear it all from him. All of his pride, all of his resistance.

He saw the Master shift the baton from one hand to the other. Jack tensed in preparation, squeezed his eyes shut and clenched his jaw. It still failed to keep his tortured cries from being torn from his throat. His agonized muscles clenched and Jack twisted helplessly in his bonds.

Helpless. As the Master ended the torment for the moment, the word helpless was running through Jack’s head. The situation was helpless. He was helpless. He drew breath to say the dreaded name but found he couldn’t quite make his lips form the sounds.

The Master pressed the baton into Jack’s other side and he twitched and swung like a rag doll in a windstorm. His throat was sore from his cries and he could hear it fading.

anguished cries sounded as if they were being ripped from someone els, shuddering breath and said, "Master." His voice was a whisper, the Time Lord, followed almost immediately by shame.

“I didn’t hear you, Jack,” the Master’s voice was cold and hard.

The whisper had taken so much from Jack that he wasn’t able to say it again, let alone in a louder voice.

The voltage from the baton pressed to his belly shot through him and caught him by surprise. Jack threw his head back and let out one last strangled, feral cry before he shouted, “Master!”

The pain stopped and Jack sagged in his chains, a broken man.

……………………………………………………….

Jack was hardly aware of the Master when he caressed and fondled him. He could only be thankful that his team couldn’t see him now.

Not so strong now. Not so capable. Some leader. Some captain. What would they all think? What would Ianto think? Why would they ever follow him again if they saw him hanging here naked and vulnerable, surrendering to the Master completely?

Jack was roused by a rude slap on his arse.

“Stand up straight now, Jack,” the Master ordered. “I need to get you unfastened so we can go to bed.”

Jack tried to pull the shreds of his dignity around himself as he stood up straight. His mind flashed to Ianto and how the young man had returned to work after his suspension with his head high, taking pride in his work once again. Ianto had been battered and bruised and damn near broken but he’d latched onto his dignity with an iron grip until he’d come out the other side and started to heal.

Jack determined he would do no less.

The Master detached Jack’s wrists from the ceiling chain but he made no move to remove the manacles. “Face down on the bed,” he ordered.

Jack silently complied. His heart sank when he realized he wasn’t going to be returned to his cell. In the past he’d either been tortured or raped. Never both in the same day. He’d caved. He’d given in and still, his abuse was going to continue. What had he done it for? Jack felt a sense of betrayal and then laughed silently at himself for his foolishness, his naïveté.

He lay on the bed, head between his arms, burrowing into a pillow to hide his heated face. Jack felt the bed dip and the Master secure his wrists to the bed itself.

Things went from bad to worse.

Jack refused to cringe as the Master ran his hands over his naked form. “Have I ever told you how beautiful you are, Jack? What am I saying? Of course I have. Then again you know it already, don’t you?”

He tried to tune the Master out, but his head was suddenly jerked back painfully by a fist in his hair.

“We’ve come so far today. Let’s not go back to old habits now.”

“Yes, Master,” Jack said in a low voice. It almost didn’t hurt to say anymore. Almost.

His hair was released and the Master let his hands wander over Jack’s skin again. Jack closed his eyes and chose to think of Ianto’s hands running over him instead.

Jack felt a pat on his hip and barely suppressed a flinch. “Lift up for me.” Damn if the Master didn’t sound like an enthusiastic lover.

Jack came to his knees and felt pillows being placed beneath him. He settled himself back down and focused on his breathing. If he stayed relaxed, kept his mind on more pleasant things, Jack tried to tell himself it would all be over soon.

The Master forced Jack’s thighs apart with cruel hands and Jack felt those same hands run up over his bare arse. He felt the Time Lord grip his arse cheeks painfully before sliding back down to his thighs. Jack felt his balls grasped roughly. He stifled a groan and struggled not to pull away.

“Oh, am I hurting you, Jack?” the Master taunted as he grasped Jack’s ball sac even more tightly. “I would have thought you were the type of man who liked a little pain with his sex.”

Jack bit his tongueany kind of chwould cost h’d pay with

The Master squeezed Jack’s sac and this time he pulled down. Hard. Jack couldn’t control his pained groan this time and he fisted his hands into the coverlet. He moved back toward the Master’s hand in a vain attempt to alleviate the pain.

“Tell me you like the pain,” the Master ordered. “Admit to me you like it when I hurt you.”

“Yes, Master,” Jack said.

The Time Lord yanked down hard on Jack’s balls and dragged a loud groan from his throat this time. “You’re not listening to me, Jack. I said tell me you like pain.”

“I like pain, Master.”

“Tell me you like it when I hurt you.”

“I like it when you hurt me, Master.” Jack heard his own voice quiver in despair.

“You know I never could deny you anything, Captain!” the Master said gleefully, finally releasing Jack’s balls.

Jack forced himself to relax. He listened to the sound of his own steady breathing. The Master moved around behind him and Jack tried not to think what that might mean.

He was startled by the sensation of a cold, viscous liquid being drizzled between his arse cheeks. Lubricant, obviously. He could almost relax.

“Just so you know, the lubricant is for me,” the Master informed Jack. “I know how much you love the pain I cause you, and I wouldn’t want to deny you that pleasure.”

“Thank you, Master,” Jack said. Placating the Master was already becoming easier and Jack tasted bitter defeat on his tongue.

Jack felt the Master’s hand spread the lube around his arse. More of the liquid was drizzled on to him. A lot more. The cleft of Jack’s arse was dripping with lube. The Master’s hand felt as though it was saturated. It seemed a bit excessive given his past experience with the Time Lord.

“Now the fun starts,” the Master said, seemingly to himself.

Jack felt a finger slide inside his opening. He closed his eyes and tried to pretend he was home. Home in Ianto’s flat with him, instead of this unhinged Time Lord.

“You have a surprisingly tight ass, Jack. Given your reputation I would have thought you’d be a little looser.” The Master slid a second finger into Jack. “Are you possibly not the greatest lover in the universe after all?”

“I only wish to please you, Master.” Jack scared himself at how easily he was slipping further away.

A third finger slid its way inside. He felt stretched now but the lube still made it pleasant. “You are pleasing me, Jack. Now I want to please you.”

Jack tensed as the fourth finger slid in and they all twisted around inside of him. Things were escalating fast, and he was beginning to feel nervous about where this was headed.

The Master’s fingers slid out of Jack. He sighed in relief but had been through enough already to know it wasn’t likely he was going to get off so easy.

“Time to see if your reputation is well earned, Jack.”

He had no time to prepare. The Master shoved four fingers into Jack’s body in one forceful thrust. In the instant Jack realized what the Master had done he also realized what was still to come. He clenched his teeth until they nearly cracked, gripped the bars of the headboard with both hands and prepared for the assault.

The Master followed his four fingers with his thumb. When all five of the Time Lord’s digits were inside of Jack’s body he curled his hand into a tight fist. Jack’s chest heaved with every breath and he alternated between pained groans and desperate gasps. The Master let his fist rest for a few moments before he locked his arm and used his weight to push.

Jack bit down on his bottom lip until he drew his own blood in a vain attempt to keep himself silent. “Fuck,” he cried loudly. The bed shook as the Master’s fist shoved Jack toward the headboard.

“I am, Jack. I am.” Jack heard the smile in the Master’s voice and it made his blood run cold. The Master withdrew his fist partially before forcing it deep inside Jack once again. He pulled back, and Jack felt a hand on his shoulder as the Master used his body for leverage, pulling him back at the same time he rammed his fist inside of Jack.

Jack tried to bury his sob in the pillow beneath his head but he knew the Master heard it.

“Does this feel good?” the Time Lord panted lewdly into Jack’s back.

“Yes, Master.” The words tripped easily off of his lips now.

“Tell me.” The Time Lord placed a perverse kiss between Jack’s shoulders.

“It feels good, Master,” Jack gasped through the pain. He felt as though he were being torn apart. All the lube in the world couldn’t offset the brutality of it. Jack felt used, degraded. The Time Lord’s touch, the violence of his thrusts left Jack feeling soiled.

“You adore the pain, don’t you?” Jack heard the Master hiss.

“I like the pain, Master,” Jack growled as the Time Lord rammed his fist fully inside of him again.

The Master found a rhythm and Jack discovered he could relax a little. He pressed his forehead into the pillow beneath him. Jack closed his eyes and tried to block out the sound of the Master’s obscene breathing. He conjured up a memory of Ianto.

Their first night together in Ianto’s flat, when he’d first caught of glimpse of the beautiful young man reflected in the window while Jack fucked him. 

Their first forgiveness fuck after Lisa’s death. 

Their comfort fuck after the cannibals. 

Their last kiss. Their last kiss had been their first kiss after he’d been dead for so very long. 

Jack was so deep inside his memories that he was startled at the sudden withdrawal of the Master’s fist from his body. He was unsteady for a moment even though he was still on all fours. Suddenly, what felt like hot coals and broken glass were being shoved up his arse by the handful. The bed rocked as Jack violently grasped the headboard again. His body arched in pain and a scream was torn from his throat. “Oh, Christ! Fuck!”

Whatever the Master shoved up his arse, it ripped Jack to shreds on the inside. He felt his blood begin to mingle with what was left of the lubricant. Jack had no idea what the Master had done to him, he couldn’t see. He only knew it felt like a fist full of razorblades.

Jack was so bloody and abused that all fight fled his body. He was weak and broken. He sobbed into the pillow beneath his head and felt his blood soak into the bed around him. He just waited for the torment to end. Jack was shuddering now, the entire bed shook with the contractions of his beleaguered muscles. Only his blood and tears were functioning now.

He had no idea how much time passed before the horrific item in his arse was removed. Something landed on the pillow next to his head. Jack opened his eyes as much as he could to see what it was.

Jack saw a glove. A cloth glove saturated in his own blood and covered in the sharp-cut points of precious gems. The Master had used his fist to shred Jack from the inside.

As he once again bled out, Jack felt the Master wrap the duvet around his body. He appreciated the warmth as his blood loss made him cold. No sooner was he warm then Jack realized he was going to lie there and die soon. Without warning he was shoved violently off the bed and on to the floor.

“You understand I can’t have you up here bleeding all over my bed, Jack.” The Master said as he climbed between the sheets.

Jack was struck in the head with a pillow. “You can sleep here tonight. You don’t have to thank me. You’ll be taken back to your cell in the morning.”

Jack died.

His next conscious thought was that he lay on the ground in the dark. Jack’s memories flooded back and he remembered where he was and how he’d gotten there. He’d healed. The pain in his body was gone. There were other pains that lingered, though. Jack steadfastly refused to think of those pains and what they meant. He didn’t want to think and he didn’t want to feel. For the time being he endeavored to just shut it all off.

Jack sorted the coverlet so that he had as clean a portion of it as possible. It was saturated with his blood, and it stiffened as his blood dried. There wasn’t much of it that was still clean. Jack placed the pillow beneath his head and curled around himself. He intended to sleep as much as possible. If he couldn’t sleep, he would at least lie there through the night and enjoy the cooler temperature and the quiet.

As he was settled in, Jack felt something scratch his arm. He pulled it from within the folds of the coverlet and saw that is was the glove. The brutal, blood soaked glove. He chucked in across the room as if it had bitten him. In a way it had.

………………………………………………………..

As it turned out the Master didn’t require much sleep either. Just a few hours in and he rose from the bed. He left Jack undisturbed as he showered, dressed and left the room.

Several hours later, when ship’s day was restored and there was light again in the room, Francine appeared. She saw Jack on the floor and knelt down beside him to run a hand through his hair.

Jack no longer pretended to be asleep, but he didn’t have the strength to move either.

“Are you going to be okay, Captain?” Francine asked.

“I’ll be fine.” He hoped he didn’t sound too pathetic.

Francine didn’t answer, and Jack supposed there was really nothing she could say.

Tish came in a short while later. Jack had closed his eyes and just lay drifting, listening to the soft, low voices of mother and daughter as they spoke to one another.

Jack felt movement next to him and he opened his eyes to see Francine lay out a fresh duvet on the floor beside him. She folded it several times. Tish handed her mother a pillow from the bed. Together they unwrapped Jack from the bloodied coverlet he had spent the night wrapped in.

“Slide over, Captain,” Francine told him in a mother’s tone. Gentle and coaxing but brooking no resistance.

Jack mustered just enough energy to move himself over onto the makeshift bed the ladies had fashioned. He collapsed with a sigh. He felt Francine tuck a soft, warm blanket around his body.

Tish and Francine whispered to each other briefly before a body lay down behind him, spooning him in a fashion similar to Ianto. Jack felt comforted. He realized the body belonged to Tish when she placed her head on the pillow beside his.

“You just relax, Captain. Mum’s going to clean the room. Change the linens.” She ran a hand over his body. He felt her run a palm over his back, his arm, his chest. It was a comforting touch, not an arousing one. The gentle concern for him brought tears to his eyes. “When she’s done we’ll get you cleaned up and fed. In the meantime just lay here and let us handle everything.”

Jack felt himself settle back against Tish’s warmth. He accepted what she offered. Unconditional comfort. She continued to run a soothing hand over his body. She hummed a soft tune as she shared his pillow.

“Thank you, Tish,” Jack whispered, thankful for the comfort she offered. The contact without demands or pain.

“Shh, Captain,” Tish whispered back and ran a hand through his hair. “You’re welcome. Now just rest for awhile.”

And Jack did.