Best Laid Plans (Chapter Ten)

They pulled into an alley a few blocks from the Magic Box and parked. Willow figured it would be a good idea to have a minute or two to talk before they faced the others.

“Are you sure you shouldn’t call first and tell them you’re back? I have a cell phone.”

“Are you kidding? If Tara’s there and she finds out I’m on the way, she’ll leave and I want her to be there. Anyway, I want this to be a surprise. Who knows what I might give away if I talk to them first? You know what a terrible liar I am.”

There he went with the quirking of the eyebrow thing that did - not - affect - her - at - all. Stupid, way-too-attractive vampire that she was so not ever having naughty thoughts about ever, ever, ever again. And she was too a lousy liar. Alright, maybe not so much lately, but still...

“Now, what I need to do is figure out how I’m going to tell them that I’ve used magick again without making them go ballistic before they hear the good news.”

Angel cleared his throat and Willow looked at him. “You don’t have to tell them, you know.”

Now that was a silly thing to say. “What are we going to do, say that while I was in L.A. helping you guys, you found a magic lamp and the genie inside anchored your soul?” And that probably sounded meaner than she had intended.

“No, we just tell them that you found the spell, but Wesley performed it.”

“And then when they get suspicious - which they will - and they call Wesley?”

“I already talked to him.”

That’s what they had been talking about last night? Okay, this intuitive thing was getting way, way, way, way out of hand.

“You did?”

“You told me they were all against you using magick. And I figured you didn’t deserve to suffer just because you gave me the greatest gift anyone’s ever given me.”

His hand was on her cheek...just like earlier that day. And darn it, it was that so-good-but-actually-so-very-very-bad feeling again, too. She really needed to think of a way to break the mood - because any second now there was going to be lips-on-lips stuff happening and she’d never be able to look at herself in the mirror again. Still...she rarely wore makeup, so that might not be such an inconvenience, it might even be okay... No! No, Willow, it would not be okay. Say something - anything - immediately!

“I guess we should head over to the Magic Box now, huh?” She tried hard to sound upbeat as Angel drew back and cleared his throat, trying to act like nothing had been about to happen, just as she was.

It was good that she had put the kibosh on this - really. Because after all, kissing each other would have been something they would both have regretted. They would have. Absolutely. Because Angel loved Buffy, and Willow loved Tara, and this weird sort-of-kind-of-chemistry thing was even more of a fluke than her high school dalliance with Xander, and it would lead to even worse badness.

Thank the goddess she had sense and was no longer a hormone-crazed teenage girl but a mature, intelligent woman who knew enough to think before she acted and understood the difference between real emotion and lust. Not that she was lusting after Angel or that he was lusting after her. This was a fluke: a spell fluke. Yeah! A spell fluke. That’s what it was. And okay, there was that “moment” in the lobby before she did the spell, but that could be explained. After all, she had done the soul restoration, so hey, this weird connection-y thing probably had already been there and it just had never come up before for some weird reason she didn’t have time to figure out right now.

“Let’s get this show on the road, shall we?” Willow did her best to give him one of her patented, thousand watt Willow-smiles. Sadly, she had a feeling she’d succeeded in looking more deranged than delighted. Were there brownie points for effort at least? “Are you ready to win back the love of your life?”

Okay, maybe she’d never been a cheerleader, but she figured her pep talk hadn’t been that bad. Why did Angel look more like he was about to face a room full of Fyarl demons and Cordelia on the day she found her first wrinkle than like a man (well, vampire with a soul, but same difference) about to make his fondest dream come true?

“I’m as ready as I’ll ever be.” Angel finally smiled but it looked even worse than hers and Willow was starting to question her own judgement. “Are you ready to win back the love of your life?” And now she felt even worse, though goddess knew why.

“Yup.” She amped up the wattage on the derange-o-smile and hoped it passed for a perky grin. It had better, because it was the best she could do.

She opened her door and got out, waiting while Angel put the top up, emerged from the driver’s side, and locked the car. Without thinking, she muttered a protection spell under her breath. After all, even in Sunnydale, Angel’s car was a tempting target for thieves or even demons and here it was in an alley and... Oh no! What had she done? Had the anchoring spell been a slippery slope? How could she have gone from doing no magick for weeks and weeks to doing spells at the drop of a hat? She really was a junkie. She couldn’t help herself; she started to cry.

“Willow, what is it?” Angel sounded so worried and it just made Willow cry even harder, especially after he pulled her into his arms and held her close. “What’s wrong?”

“It’s...it’s...I did a spell.” Her words were a bit muffled, what with her face being against his chest and all, but he heard her.

“You did a spell? Just now?”

“Yes. It was...I didn’t think...it was a protection spell - for your car. Because I didn’t want anybody to steal it or vandalize it or anything, but...I did a spell. Look at me! I do one little soul anchoring and I’m right back to bad-old-magick-junkie-Willow. They’ve been right all along. I’m a terrible person and an addict and...”

Angel shushed her and Willow looked up, seeing a surprising combination of mirth and sympathy in the expression on his face.

“You did a protection spell for my car?” The sympathy lost out to the mirth as Angel began to chuckle, then laugh out loud. Willow had a hard time seeing what was so hilarious.

“It’s just...you did a protection spell for my car.” Angel was nearly doubled over with laughter and Willow figured it was a darn good thing he didn’t need to breathe.

Suddenly, she started to get the joke. It was kind of funny, now wasn’t it? And okay, maybe it was also something to worry about, but for now she was going to see the humourous side of her trip back to the dark side and laugh along with Angel.

So laugh she did. In no time at all, in fact, she was as hysterical as he was, her sides hurting and her lungs in sore need of oxygen. She’d really better get herself under control. She pictured Cordelia’s face...the look on it when she’d been about to walk back into Angel’s bedroom...now that was chilling. With that visage in her mind, Willow had her merriment down to a few stray giggles in nothing flat. She quickly tamped down the image though, because she was dangerously close to spiraling down into depression.

Sue her. She couldn’t seem to find the station, let alone get on board the “Cordelia is wonderful” train. And no, her renewed animosity towards her long-ago enemy had nothing to do with the so-called seer and Angel sort of having a “thing.” After all, Willow was handing him over to Buffy, now wasn’t she? So there. And by “handing over” she didn’t actually mean that Angel was hers to bestow or anything and...why was she explaining herself to herself? This was getting extremely disconcerting.

“Shh.” Angel’s voice broke through her uncomfortable reverie. Willow was going to ask why when Angel put his finger to his lips, reminding her that - duh - he had just asked her to be quiet.

“It’s Buffy, she’s right nearby,” he whispered. They both moved as quietly as they could to the mouth of the alley. Angel wanted to get a glimpse of his love. It was touching. It was.

Pressed up against the alley wall and well out of view, Willow peeked around Angel and saw her best friend walk past, lost in thought. Weird. How come she didn’t sense Angel? Oh yeah, Buffy always seemed to have a hard time sensing him. So it wasn’t so weird after all. What happened next though? Yeah, that was weird.

The moment Buffy was out of sight - and earshot - Angel turned to her, his mouth a tight line and something very closely resembling anger in his eyes. He walked back to his car, unlocking the doors before speaking to her.

“Get in the car.”

“But, Angel...”

“Do it, Willow. Get in the car...right now.”

There was no arguing with that voice, or that face. He was this close to vamping out, so she did exactly as he asked. He got in the car without another word. No sooner had she shut her door when Angel threw the car into reverse and zoomed out of the alley. Willow was suddenly very glad she had done that protection spell. The way Angel was driving, she was going to need all the help she could get to survive the evening.

A few terrifying moments passed, moments during which she prayed to nearly every god and goddess she’d ever heard of, before Angel finally spoke again.

“Where can we go to talk?”

“M-my parent’s house. They’re gone. We can talk there.”

Angel hadn’t slowed down and Willow just hoped he remembered how to get to her former home. She was far too rattled at present to give him coherent directions. Suddenly, she was afraid to be alone with him and she wished she had told him to head to a coffee shop or something instead. Oh well, too late now, especially since Angel was currently parking his car in the driveway of the Rosenberg’s dark, deserted house and there was no way he would believe her if she said she didn’t have a key.

He got out, not even looking at her as he did, and he started up the path to her door in silence. She extricated herself from her seat belt and jumped out of the car as fast as she could, almost running to keep up with him. Didn’t he recall that he kind of needed her in order to get in? What with her having the key and him being a vampire who required an invitation to enter and all?

He stood aside and she opened the front door, a softly worded invitation spoken despite her extreme trepidation. After all, Angel wouldn’t hurt her...would he? She’d just anchored his soul. Oh my gosh! Had she screwed up? Was his soul gone or something? Had she just invited Angelus into her house? Oh no!

He was pacing the living room as she shut the door and watched, waiting for him to tell her what the heck was wrong - or try to kill her.

“Is there something you want to tell me, Willow? Something you forgot to tell me in Los Angeles, or on the road, or when we were stopped in the alley?”

Okay...huh? Was she missing something? Was there something she’d forgotten to tell him? No - at least, not anything she remembered she had forgotten to tell him. If there was anything she was supposed to have told him and hadn’t, she couldn’t for the life of her figure out what it was. First the babbling, now her memory...was she just completely on the fritz?

“No. I don’t think so, at least...I don’t know, Angel.” Her eyes were tearing up and she wished he’d give her some sort of hint. This was like playing charades blindfolded.

“Oh, c’mon, Willow. Did you really think I wasn’t going to find out? You had to know I’d smell it on them, so why didn’t you just tell me.”

“Tell you what, Angel?” Willow almost shouted. She was tired of Angel’s cryptic nonsense. Spell it out already.

“Buffy and Spike, Willow. Why didn’t you tell me about Buffy and Spike?”

Okay, she wasn’t the only one with memory trouble, it seemed, because she distinctly remembered telling Angel all about Spike’s crush on Buffy. She’d even told him about the time she’d made them believe they were engaged. So why was he going on as if she’d never said a word? And why was it all of a sudden this big issue now, anyway?

“Angel, I’m sorry, but I don’t see what your problem is.”

“You don’t see what my problem is?” He was looking at her like she’d grown an extra head.

“Yeah, I told you all about Spike’s crush on Buffy back in L.A. I mean, I’m sorry if you don’t remember, but...”

“Willow, it’s a lot more than a crush. They’re sleeping together.”

Her jaw went slack. She couldn’t have finished a sentence if she’d been ordered to at gunpoint. Buffy was...with Spike? But she’d never said a word. It was true they hadn’t been close lately, but something like that...Xander would have accused her of doing that Will be Done spell again, so at the very least she would have found out that way. There was no chance that Buffy was doing that with Spike. Angel had to be wrong...didn’t he?

“It can’t be,” she choked out as she nearly collapsed onto the couch. Was it possible after all? No, it couldn’t be true. Things between her and her best friend could not have gotten that bad. “Buffy would have told me...she would have.”

“You didn’t know?”

“No! I...Are you even sure? I mean, they spend a lot of time together, slaying and stuff and...maybe she borrowed his jacket and that’s how his scent got all over her or something.”

Angel calmed down, calmed down a great deal in what seemed like an instant. He sat down next to her.

“It’s not just casual contact, Willow. I could smell...she was with him tonight. Probably right before we saw her.”

Her eyes filled with tears as she struggled to process what Angel was telling her. There were no words sufficient to apologize to Angel with, she was sure of that. She might have anchored his soul, but she’d also hurt him grievously. If she hadn’t insisted on bringing him back to Sunnydale, he could be testing out that happiness-ready soul with Cordelia right now. And okay, yeah, it was Cordelia, but who was she to tell Angel who to be attracted to anyway? From the beginning, Angel had been reluctant, but she’d forced him to return with her and now look what had happened. She was a terrible, horrible, awful person. It was no wonder no one loved her anymore.

She started to sob so loudly that she was nearly wailing and for a moment she almost didn’t notice that Angel had his arms around her. It was hard to miss the sensation of being held against that strong, muscular chest, though, and soon Willow allowed herself to be soothed by his embrace. It felt like he was at least willing to think about forgiving her. That was good.

After a few moments of gradually lessening tears, Willow looked up at Angel. He had the most beautiful eyes. Why hadn’t she noticed that before? Oh yeah, she had, it just felt like the first time right now. But either way, they were beautiful eyes. Willow could get lost in those eyes, especially when they appeared to be so full of tenderness and... Of all the inappropriate times to have bad-wrong thoughts, this had to be one of the very worst. Okay, Willow-babble to the rescue.

“What are you going to do? I mean, about Buffy? Because she can’t be in love with Spike or she’d have said something and hey, you had the thing with Darla and the sort-of thing with Cordelia, so it’s not like you’ve waited around all alone either. Buffy had no way of knowing that I was ever going to be able to anchor your soul any more than you did, so really you can’t actually blame her for being with someone else, even if it’s Spike. But you guys are soulmates so you should be able to get past this and...”

“I don’t know, Willow. I’m wondering right now.” Okay, one more time...huh? Of course they were soulmates. What was he talking about?

“Because she’s with Spike?”

“No, because of how I feel about her being with Spike.”

Willow wasn’t quite sure she understood, but she pretended she did and nodded, hoping that as he continued, she’d figure out what he meant.

“I’m not sure if I was upset because I want her back or because I just don’t want her to be with him. Do you understand?” Angel looked into her eyes and it was as if she could see his thoughts forming as he tried to make sense of his feelings. Willow was mesmerized.

“Maybe I’ve been carrying this torch for so long that I stopped looking at it. Maybe it went out ages ago and I just didn’t notice. I...it hurts, you know. Because loving Buffy is so much a part of me and it feels so wrong to think that I might not love her anymore. Back there, in the alley, I wanted so much to be consumed...by jealousy, by pain, by anything, and all I really felt was resentment and some juvenile fear that maybe she thought Spike was better than me. That’s what made me angry. And I don’t know what to do now.”

The anguish in his eyes - it hurt Willow to see and she just had to look away. This was her fault, this was all her fault. How on Earth was she ever going to fix the damage she’d done?

Lost in thought and focusing her gaze everywhere but on Angel, she didn’t notice when he leaned in, didn’t have a clue what he intended until it was far too late. Because by the time she noticed anything, what she noticed was the feeling of Angel’s lips on hers. He was kissing her...oh heck, they were kissing. And, much to Willow's astonishment, it didn’t feel wrong. It didn’t feel wrong at all.

Tbc...