It happens again, and John Doe makes his move.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 2 (mf, fdom, mc, nc, impreg?)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

JJ didn't have any classes with Sally the next day, but at lunch he felt her elbow "accidentally" connect with his head as she went by with her food tray. He was really confused.

After school, JJ ran to Sally's neighborhood and waited out of sight until she got home. Then he went up and rang her bell.

When she answered the door she immediately became angry. "What the fuck are you doing here, dweeb?"

"I came to talk to you, about us."

She moved forward into his personal space, the height difference making it very uncomfortable for him. "There is no us, jackass. I don't even know why I did those things with you, but you...you..." She paused, wrinkled her nose, and sniffed.

JJ looked at Sally's face as it softened, her eyes and nostrils going wider. It was happening again, whatever it was.

She grabbed him. "Get in here."

She practically dragged him into her bedroom again and closed the door behind. She pushed him onto her bed and pulled her pants and underwear down, showing off her trimmed pubic hair and glistening pussy lips.

JJ held up his hands. "Sally, I wanna talk!"

"I don't!" she yelled, and pushed him onto his back. With one quick movement she pantsed him again, underwear and all. Despite the situation, his cock had started filling with blood.

Sally jumped on top of him and rubbed her drooling pussy all over his shaft while it expanded to its full girth.

"Please, Sally..."

She pulled off her shirt and bra. "Please? You think women are going to respond to that? You don't ask, JJ, you TAKE!" And then she reached down and angled his hard cock into her very wet pussy. They both gasped as his head pierced her labia.

"Sally..."

"Suck on this," she said, and shoved a nipple into his mouth as she shifted her hips and applied pressure, slipping his cock deeper inside her. Unlike her first time, she felt no pain, only a barely noticeable discomfort.

Beaten, JJ sucked and licked at Sally's nipple as she started to ride him.

She pulled back, dislodging his mouth. "That's right, BOY, give me what I want..." And then she moved forward and kissed him.

JJ had mixed feelings about this. On one hand, she was dominating him! On the other, they were having sex! He decided to just go with it, and returned her passionate kiss, their tongues intertwining.

Then he remembered something important and broke the kiss. "Condom?" he asked her.

She reared up and continued to bounce. He noticed her pupils were dilated wide open again. "Unhh...why would I need that?"

"So...so you don't get pregnant?" His cock twitched a little when he said that.

She leaned forward to whisper into his ear as she continued to ride him, "That won't happen."

"Uhh...why...why not?"

"Because you're not MAN enough to do that, BOY. A BOY can't get a WOMAN pregnant. Didn't you know that? No, because you're a BOY."

That didn't make any sense to JJ, but he was fast approaching his release. He was also angry about being called a boy. He grabbed Sally's hips and rolled to the side, taking the larger girl by surprise. His cock slipped out for a moment, but once she landed on her back he thrust forward, burying himself back inside her hot, wet pussy.

He huffed into her ear, "You think I'm not a man? I'll fucking show you, bitch..."

She gasped, "Oh, JJ..." and wrapped her arms and legs around the young man as they thrust their hips together.

"Fuck...fuck...fucckkk..." JJ thrust harder, faster, and then he felt the orgasm rise from his balls, up his shaft, and explode deep inside the teen girl, uncaring of the danger he was putting her in.

As she felt him release inside her, Sally encompassed JJ in a death grip as her own orgasm washed over her. Deep inside, her cervix blossomed in pleasure, over and over, drawing trickles of JJ's dangerous sperm-filled semen into her vulnerable womb.

JJ pulled out, causing Sally to gasp at the sudden feeling of loss. "Oh God, oh God..." she murmured, her body still shaking. "Oh, JJ..."

Finally, she stopped shaking. He cleaned himself with a tissue and looked at her. "Can we talk now?"

"Whatever you want..." Sally replied dreamily. She looked really out of it, her face slack, her pupils still blown out.

"Um...are we boyfriend-girlfriend now? Or are we 'friends with benefits'?"

"Whatever you want..." she repeated.

"But what do YOU want?"

She reached for his softening cock. "This."

JJ stood up and started to dress. "Okay, we're friends with benefits then, but you have to be nicer to me at school, okay?"

"Whatever you want..."

He finished dressing and looked back at her. Fuck, she was sexy, all splayed out like that, he thought. He almost went back for seconds. "I'll see you at school on Monday."

He heard, "Whatever y--" as he closed her bedroom door behind him and shook his head. What a weird girl! he mused.

Deep inside Sally, JJ's sperm swam, searching for her egg.

---

Agent Carmen Sandoval looked up from her book, through the reinforced one-way mirror and into the room next to hers. "Casanova" was pacing again. He did that a couple hours a day, for exercise, it seemed, besides the occasional push-up or plank. She returned to her book.

When she looked up again, her prisoner was gone. "What--?" She rose to her feet to get a better view. He was prone, face down on the floor! She couldn't tell if he was breathing. "Shit!"

She hit the alert button, but remembered that they were on a skeleton crew, and she had sent Agent Dimarco out for coffee just a few minutes prior. She'd have to chance going in there herself. Not without protection, though.

She unlocked the door and went in, taser pointed forward. "If you're faking, prisoner, I'm going to tase you into next week." Then she locked the door behind her and carefully approached the fallen man.

First she gave him a tap with her foot. No response. As she bent down she told him, "I have the taser pointed right at you, so no fast movement." Then she reached forward and felt his neck for his pulse. It seemed steady.

She turned him onto his side and quickly stood up and back in case he swung his legs at her. He didn't move. Was he faking, or did he have a seizure when she wasn't looking? She wasn't about to call an ambulance unless she was certain that he was in trouble.

She sat on his cot and waited. Dimarco would be back soon. She worked to control her body as she noticed her breath rate was faster than normal. She was naturally anxious; this was her first command, and she wasn't going to mess it up!

As she watched John Doe, aka Casanova, lay there, she realized that the man was actually more attractive than she had first assessed. His nose had a kind of nobility to it, and his lips seemed kissable.

Kissable? Why was she thinking about that? She shook her head to clear it. She realized her nose was itching a bit, like from allergies, and she sniffed. It smelled kind of nice in Casanova's room, she realized, kind of like her dad's cigarillos she remembered from when she was growing up. It should have smelled like a stinky man, as they only let him out to shower every few days due to how he affected the other women in the branch...

She stood up. Not the other women...ALL women! She was being affected right now! Her itchy nose made her sniff again. Shit! Not hypnotism, but pheromones!

Then Casanova sat up and gave her a smile. Hot damn he was handsome! she thought. No, not handsome, she told herself, sexy...no, that wasn't it...dangerous? How could this hot guy be dangerous?

Something...fair...fairy moans? She giggled. Why would fairies moan? I guess they would if they were having sex with Casanova! At that thought she felt wet between her legs.

"Sounds like you're getting giddy," he said as he stood up, still smiling.

Carmen looked up at him, also smiling.

He got closer. Wait, Carmen thought, wasn't I supposed to do something if he got close? She had the taser in her hand, but using it would be mean, she realized. She didn't want to be mean to John.

He knelt down before her and looked into her eyes. "Carmen, right? Can you get me out of here, darlin', and then we can have some fun?"

She nodded, put the taser in her pocket, and went to unlock the door.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)