The Dare MD
byFrancisdonatien©

The Dare MD Ch. 01

"You're the last one here, Dr. Crawford."

The nurse leaned in Andrea's office door on her way out for the night. "The lights are out in all the offices and main halls, and the door's locked. See you tomorrow."

"Thanks, Lynn. I'll see you tomorrow."

She looked at the stack of notes she had to finish entering and gave a deep sigh. She probably had more than an hour of work to do. She would not stay that long, but she wanted to get through at least half of it. After about 45 minutes, though, her eyes started to cross. She was having trouble concentrating, and she knew that was when mistakes could creep in and when doctors got into trouble.

She leaned back in her chair and stretched. Only five days ago, she recalled, she had been lying topless on a beach in the Caribbean, surrounded by other topless women, many with children like her, all enjoying the peace and sunshine of the island. "Hardly proper behavior for a respectable physician, at least in this conservative state," she giggled to herself.

She got her phone out of her purse and started scrolling through the pictures that she and Sterling had taken. So many of her being playful, lifting her t-shirt to flash her tits, playing in the sand wearing nothing but her black thong, and then that picture where he had dared her to step out onto the balcony in the early morning with nothing on at all. She protested at first, even after he reminded her that she had sucked him off on that very balcony the night before. "Come on, it turns you on, doesn't it," he said, "The kids are asleep, and there's nobody on the beach . . . yet. Now's your chance." Then she just stepped out, put both hands on the railing, cocked her hip and lifted a foot, and he took the picture. She ran back inside almost immediately. "I think I saw somebody coming," she whispered. He just laughed and held her tight, kissing her right next to the window, possibly in full view of whoever might be walking along.

Andrea sighed at the memory, then realized that her hand had slid under her skirt and was gently stroking her pussy through her panties. She gave a little jump and looked around, as though somebody might catch her, then she laughed, remembering that she was in the office alone. She turned and rolled her chair back a little and put one foot up on the desk, spreading her legs open and pulling her skirt up. She ran both her hands over the smooth fabric of the panties and pressed them against her pussy lips. A deep moan came out of her as waves of pleasure floated through her body. She continued to rub, a little harder each time, and rocked her pelvis up and down while twisting in the chair. Her moans grew louder, even echoing slightly within her narrow office. Then her pelvis twitched as the waves built into an orgasm, and she rocked in the chair so much that she pushed it back and her foot fell off the desk. She wound up curled in the chair, clutching herself as the orgasm finished running through her.

She giggled softly as she recovered, sliding back onto the chair and sitting up. Her panties were pretty damp, and she left her fingers resting on her swollen pussy lips, letting herself enjoy the recovery. She had pushed her skirt all the way up, and she looked down at her long athletic legs spread out before her. She moved her hands down to the elastic bands of her thigh-highs and started to slide them off. When she had worked them down to her knees, she kicked off one shoe, then the other and took the stockings off.

She stood up and unzipped her skirt, then let it fall to the floor. She giggled, as she turned around, admiring her bare legs and her rose-patterned panties in the seriousness of her office. She pulled apart the tails of her shirt and started unbuttoning it from the bottom, gradually baring her flat stomach and her little matching bra. She tossed the shirt onto the floor with her skirt and danced around the office some more.

There's a full-length mirror in the staff locker room, she remembered. She opened her office door, pausing for a moment to reassure herself that she was all alone, then walked down the hall, feeling as giddy as a teenager on a dare. When she flicked on the light in the locker room, she jumped in surprise, then giggled some more. Looking at herself in the full-length mirror, she ran her hands down her stomach, then turned sideways to look at her ass, which she rubbed and patted with both hands. She brought her hands up and started to play with her bra straps. "With these little tits," she laughed, "I really don't need this," and she unhooked it and let it fall. She pushed her tits together and played with her nipples. "You were so much bigger when I was pregnant," she sighed and pulled on them some more.

She put her hands on top of her head and looked at herself. She looked good, she thought, fit, toned in all the right places. Some signs of age, stretch marks from pregnancy, and a few spots of loose flesh, but still good enough to feel comfortable running topless on a Caribbean beach. Still sexy enough for Sterling to feel her up and fuck her on that beach at night, away from all the lights and people. And still a cute fat little ass, she thought, giving herself a slap as she turned to go, picking her bra up off the floor as she left.

As she approached her office, she heard her phone buzzing in her purse, and she ran to get it, certain that it was Sterling. "Hi, honey," she said when she saw that it was.

"How are things going? You be home soon?"

"Yes, I should have left a while ago, but I got distracted, thinking about our vacation."

He laughed. "Were you telling people about it?"

"Oh, no, I'm all alone. Hang on a second." She lifted her phone, struck a pose, and took a picture of herself, which she sent to him.

"You little fox," he said when he got it. "I guess you are alone, unless your office has new rules."

It was her turn to laugh. "I'll get dressed and come home. Be there shortly."

"No, don't get dressed. It would be much more fun for you to head out to the car like that."

"Oh, I can't do that," she said dismissively. She was reaching for her bra when he said, "I dare you" with such an authoritative tone that she froze.

"Switch to FaceTime," he said. Within a couple seconds, the FaceTime signal sounded on her phone. She answered it, and there was his face, smiling at her, with a commanding look. "I dare you," he said again.

"I can't walk out of here naked like this," she said, although she felt her resolve weakening.

"It's getting dark, and there's probably nobody else around." She looked at him silently, feeling both fear building inside her and a tingling in her pussy. After a brief silence, he said, "Pack your clothes into your shoulder bag, and head out. Keep the camera focused on yourself the whole way."

She stared at his image on her phone screen for several seconds, then propped the phone on her desk so she could start picking up her clothes. After stuffing her skirt, stockings, and blouse into her bag, she held up her flats. "Okay if I wear my shoes so I can walk on the asphalt?" Sterling nodded, and she put them on. Then she held up her bra with a hopeful look. He shook his head no, and she reluctantly put it into the bag. "What about my jacket? It's short and won't even cover my ass, but just in case somebody comes by? I'd leave it open . . ."

He stared at her for a while. "Sling it over your bag, so you can grab it if you need to." She was about to protest, but she raised his hand to stop her. "And carry your phone so I can watch you the whole way."

She stood there, feeling exposed and defeated, even though logic told her that she could easily say, "Screw you," get dressed, and head home, and life would progress as before. Yet there was an itch, not just the physical itch in her pussy that wanted to be rubbed, but also a sort of metaphorical or spiritual itch, something extravagant that wanted to be expressed and celebrated despite the risk.

She picked up her bag and looped the straps over her shoulder, then hung her jacket over the top of her bag, carrying it under her arm. With a sigh of resignation, she picked up the phone, aimed it to get as much of her body as she could, smiled bravely at her husband, and headed out.

When she stepped into the office's reception area, with its street-level windows and glass doors, her body quivered, and her knees felt rubbery. She took a deep breath and moved past the empty seats and reception desk to the door. She held it open for a few seconds, to see if she could hear anything, then stepped into the hallway. As the door closed behind her, she felt completely vulnerable. Again, logic did not help. She knew she could dig out her keys and get back in, but she felt totally exposed, particularly since there was nothing to hide behind in the lobby. Plus, she suddenly wondered whether there was a security guard to do rounds of the building. She knew they did not have a security desk in the lobby, but the thought of somebody checking for intruders gave her the chills. Once she saw that the main lobby was empty, she made a dash for the glass doors, which opened automatically for her and closed just as automatically behind her.

Now that she was outdoors, the sounds around her changed significantly. There were traffic sounds from the street two blocks away, the sounds of the evening breeze carrying voices and other random noise. She looked left and right quickly to see if anybody was nearby, then started moving toward the corner of the building to get to the parking lot. She had goosebumps all over her body, and her nipples were throbbingly hard, while her pussy was developing new forms of tingling. And she was sweating, even though the breeze was cool.

As soon as she rounded the corner of the building, a car came out from behind the neighboring office building and headed her way. She jumped back around the corner and down behind the one bush along the front of the building. She realized belatedly that it was a holly bush, and the leaves scratched her ass, arms, tits, and even her face as she sought cover. She gave a little shriek of surprise, but she hid there till the car had gone and she was sure nobody else was coming. "Hey, what's going on?" she heard Sterling saying from the phone, and she tried to get him back into proper viewing position. In the process, she shifted herself slightly, and some of the holly leaves stuck her in the ass and pricked her pussy lips. "Ow! . . . A car was coming, and I jumped behind a bush for cover, but it's a holly bush, and I'm scratched up. Now it just stabbed me around my pussy and ass."

She heard him laughing from the phone. She looked at him to see that his eyes were closed from laughing so hard, so she decided that now was a good time to make a dash for the car, even if he missed it. She stood up from behind the bush, looked in all directions and listened as best she could, then set out on a run, holding the camera at arm's length as her tiny tits and fat little ass bounced with every step. She had dug her key out of her purse while she was hiding and pushed the button to open the door as soon as she was within sight. The car lights came on, and she headed right for them, pulled open the driver's door, threw her bag and jacket across to the passenger seat, and jumped in, closing the door behind her.

"Damn," she said, when the dome light stayed lit for several seconds. She had forgotten about that feature of most cars these days, convenient for when you wanted to find where to put your key at night, but not so much when you want to keep anybody from seeing you sitting behind the steering wheel naked. Finally, it faded out, and, though a little breathless, she gave a huge sigh of relief.

"Nice work," Sterling said from the phone. "Now, one more step."

"No, I'm getting dressed and coming home."

"Before you do," he continued, paying no attention to her, "put the phone on its stand on the dashboard, keep it on FaceTime, and make sure it's facing you."

"Why?"

"Because you need to rub yourself until you cum, and I want to watch."

"Sterling!" she starts to protest.

"You need to finish the job, princess. Aren't you horny from your topless dash?"

As she stared at his face on her phone screen, she thought about her body. She was still a little breathless, she still had goosebumps, her nipples were still hard, her legs were trembling from the run, she was still titching from where the holly had scratched her, and yes, her pussy was wet and tingling. "Yes," she finally admitted.

She put the phone into the dashboard holder, then moved the seat back and lowered the back, giving herself room to spread her legs. She ran her fingers over the front of her panties, pressing down onto her mound over her clit. Immediately, her pussy started throbbing, and waves of sensual joy began pulsing through her body. Her pussy had already been primed from her earlier orgasm in the office, now heightened by her daring run.

With just a few strokes, she was already gasping in ecstasy and writhing in her front seat. She heard, "Pull your panties aside," from the phone, and one hand pulled the panties to the side, while the other pressed down further to rub her pussy lips as well as her clit. Her eyes rolled up into her head, and she hunkered down further in her seat as the waves built up in her pussy and throughout her body, coming together until her stomach and pelvis clenched at the same time and she gasped intensely once, twice, three times. Then she began to loosen up, her muscles and nerves relaxing, her breath drifting back to normal, her fingers gliding smoothly over her relaxing mound.

When she had recovered, she smiled at Sterling in the phone and reached for her bra. "I'll be home soon," she said and blew him a kiss.


The Dare MD Ch. 02

Dr. Dare takes more naked risks and runs into a colleague.

In the first few weeks after her naked dash out of her office, Andrea, a local family doctor, tried a few other dares, sometimes on her own, sometimes with her husband Sterling. On one of her weekday morning jogs, she wore a strapless halter top that she could pull down when she was sure she was alone and let her little tits bounce free. She also bought some tighter shorts that left half of her butt cheeks exposed. Another day, Sterling went with her and took pictures of her jogging topless and then posing naked by the side of the road.

On a nice weekend, the whole family, along with the nanny, went to the park. Sterling had persuaded her to wear a lightweight jumper with nothing on underneath. While the nanny took the children to the playground, he and Andrea walked along some of the emptier pathways leading away from the busy park. He stayed behind her and filmed upskirt glimpses of her naked bottom. When they reached a secluded section with a bench, he persuaded to sit and pull the top of the jumper down so she could play with her tits. After a while, he started photographing and filming her efforts. When he suggested she pull the bottom aside and play with her pussy, she hesitated. "What are you going to do with these pictures and videos?"

He shrugged. "Keep them to watch later. I don't know, maybe we can post them somewhere."

She was startled and covered herself. "We can't do that. I can't let people see me doing this sort of thing!"

"We'll keep it anonymous, edit out your face. You'll be safe. This is just for our fun."

She looked at him for a moment, seeing that quirky smile that always got to her. She smiled back, then spread her legs, propping up on the bench, and pulled the crotch of the jumper aside. While she kept looking around to make sure nobody could see her, she ran her fingers lightly down along her prominent pussy lips. With a few strokes from side to side, she loosened them and began spreading them open.

The cool air felt nice on the soft folds, perhaps as they were starting to get a little wet from her touch. She used fingers from both hands to spread the wings apart, and she was rewarded with Sterling's rapt attention. She knew he loved to see her play with herself like this, and being outdoors added a special treat to it. She lightly touched her clit with one finger, and a thrill went through her whole body. Sterling seemed to have a quiver of his own, maybe shaking the video picture.

Then she saw somebody turn the corner of the pathway leading to the bench, and she closed her legs and pretended to take an interest in something on the ground, so she could pull the jumper back over her tits. When they had passed, she stood up and held out her hand to Sterling. "Let's go back to play with the kids. I think that's enough for a first day out."

That night, as they lay in bed snuggling against each other's nakedness, Sterling told her about an incident from long before they had met. "I was in the checkout line at the grocery store, and in front of me was a woman in a loose sundress. Every time she bent down to get something out of the cart, her dress fell forward, and I could see her bare tits and all the way down to her panties. I want you to do the same, except no panties."

Andrea rubbed her hand over his chest, relishing the ups and downs of his torso. "I have just the dress for that. I haven't worn it in a while, but it's loose and will hang down when I bend over. Plus, it's got buttons down the front." She moved herself on top of him, pressing her naked body against his, running her hands through his hair, and kissing him deeply and long. She soon felt him growing between her legs, just as her pussy was getting west, and it was not long before he was inside her. Any other ideas or conversation threads were lost for the time being.

They chose a Tuesday evening for their grocery store visit and a store well out of town, to reduce the likelihood of running across anybody they knew, particularly any of Andrea's patients or Sterling's law clients. When they got to the store around 8:30, she was surprised and a little nervous about the number of cars in the parking lot. They backed into a space at the end of the lot, bordered by some trees and bushes. Before they headed into the store, Sterling undid two buttons from the top of her dress and two from the bottom. Not enough to expose her -- yet, he thought -- but enough to start raising the stakes. She gripped his hand nervously as they headed to the store.

Sterling mounted his small camera onto the shopping cart, nestling it against the backpack he had put in the child seat, so it would not be too obvious. Andrea was pleased to see that the store was not all that crowded, despite the number of cars.

They started in the produce section. Andrea bent over the layouts of fruits and vegetables, and Sterling took some pictures. Every now and then, when she was sure nobody could see, she flipped up her skirt and gave him a shot of her ass.

Next to the produce section were the deli, cheese, and prepared foods counters. These got Andrea to bend over to point to things she wanted, but Sterling was disappointed at how little reaction he was getting from the people behind the counter. As they worked their way toward the first aisle, he decided she needed to be a little more daring. Before they turned the corner, he undid another two buttons from the top.

Andrea was a little more nervous as she made her way down the aisle, full of health foods. Her dress opened nicely when she bent over to put in a couple cans of soup, and she was willing to spread her legs when she knelt down to get something off the bottom shelf, and to lift the back of her skirt and flash her ass as she sashayed down the aisle. She still turned away or covered herself when another shopper turned into their aisle.

When they turned into the next aisle, Sterling pulled her aside and said, "Go up to that woman, and ask her about something on a lower shelf. Bend down in front of her, and take the box to show her."

Andrea was nervous as she approached the woman. "Excuse me," she said. "Do you know anything about this dressing?" She bent down to pick up a bottle from the lower shelf, and the top of her dress fell a little more open as she stood up, exposing a bit more of her little breasts. The woman looked flustered, and said no she didn't, then turned quickly and walked away. Andrea turned to Sterling, who shrugged and said, "better luck next time," as he drew close to her.

There was a man in the next aisle, and he seemed to find several ways to say that he did not know anything about the soup that she had picked off the bottom shelf, though he looked very happy at the prospect of helping her out. She and Sterling chuckled as they rounded the corner to the next aisle. The next few times she tried, Andrea had better luck picking candidates who could be fun, and she got more into the game, to the point where Sterling was having a little trouble keeping up with her.

They were alone in one of the frozen food aisles, and Andrea played with exposing her tits with the freezer doors open. A couple times, she pressed her bare tit against the inside of the door, giving herself goosebumps and leaving a nipple print on the inside. The frost had built up on one of the doors from her holding it open so often that she almost got caught when a store employee rounded one corner, coming to stock the shelves, and a customer came round the other corner.

Beyond the frozen food section, the store became somewhat of a warehouse with stacks of paper towels, toilet paper, and other household supplies. These aisles lent themselves to a different kind of fun. At one point, Andrea stepped in between the stacks and lifted up her dress for Sterling to film and get some pictures of her naked body. In another stack, she pulled him in with her, and they kissed and felt each other up. He managed to undo two more of her top buttons and one down below, while she reached in and stroked his cock, commando inside his sweatpants. When they stepped out, her dress was open to below her little tits, so it would not take much to expose her, and his hardon was pressing out against the leg of his pants.

"I'm going to have to hide behind the cart till this settles down," he laughed as he started to push the shopping cart down the aisle. She danced down the aisle in front of him, spinning around once and pulling the dress open to flash her tits for the camera. She laughed, pulled her dress back together, and spun around to turn back around the corner, starting her way back to the center of the store.

As Sterling started to follow her, he heard her give a little yelp. When he rounded the corner to turn into the next aisle, he saw her standing across from a cart being held by a slightly older man smiling at her. She seemed flustered as she turned toward Sterling. "Um, this is . . . " she stammered and waved her hand toward the other man.

"Hi, Bill Berman," the man said with a relaxed smile. "I work with Andrea at the practice."

"He's the head doctor," Andrea managed to get out before stepping back toward Sterling. "This is my husband," she said with a gulp.

"Hi, Sterling Crawford," he said and stuck out his hand, taking care to stay behind the cart as best he could. The two men shook hands, while Andrea stood off on the side, looking somewhat shell-shocked.

"Have you come up here before?" Bill asked. "It seems kind of far away for you."

Sterling shrugged as he made up a story. "We were visiting some friends nearby and decided to give it a try. We'd heard good things about it. How about you?"

"I moved up here a year ago when I split from my wife." He laughed. "It took me a while to figure out how to cook for myself, and I got in the habit of organizing my shopping one night a week. Figured Tuesday was the slowest night." He started moving down the aisle. "I'm not really the head doctor, I've maybe been there longer than the others, and one of three partners. But Andrea's pretty close to getting to the partner level."

Andrea was walking next to Sterling, trying somewhat to hide behind him. "We'll see," she laughed, trying to get over her nervousness in her colleague's presence.

"You know what?" Sterling said, stopping the cart. "Don't we need some tissues? Can you get some over there, honey?"

She bit her lip. She was sure he had no idea whether they needed tissues or not. He just wanted her to walk over and pick something off the lower shelf, so she would expose herself to some degree. She discreetly smacked his arm and headed out across the aisle, crossing in front of Bill's cart. He stopped and watched her go, bend down, get a box of tissues, and drop them in her cart. She saw that he was watching her, though she could not read the expression on his face. She was not sure whether he was disapproving or taking time to enjoy the sight of her tits.

Sterling moved on down to the end of the aisle, then headed toward the center of the store, skipping the frozen food aisles. Bill seemed to be following right along.

In the next few aisles, Sterling found something else for Andrea to pick up, usually from a lower shelf, though sometimes from a higher one, giving her a chance to expose her butt. Bill kept pace with them, sometimes getting something for himself, usually from a lower shelf so he could presumably get a glimpse up the lower part of Andrea's dress.

At first embarrassed by having exposed herself to a colleague who probably had the power to discipline or even fire her, Andrea found herself getting turned on by Bill's steady attention to her. She started chatting with him, about his separation, learning to be newly single, how his children were doing with the divorce, what he liked to make for dinner. She even suggested a couple of foods that would be easy to make. Sterling managed to continue discreetly taking pictures and recording her.

When they got to the checkout line, Sterling maneuvered himself to go ahead of Andrea, yet leave her in front of the cart, so she would have to bend over to take the groceries out and put them on the belt. Every time she did so, of course, her dress fell open, giving Bill, who was next in line, a clear view of her tits and stomach and maybe all the way down to her pussy. He made no effort to look away.

When they had paid and packed everything up, Andrea waved to Bill and said she would see him the next day. On the way out of the store, Andrea took two bags, while Sterling had one, so he could handle the camera. She led the way back to the car, swishing her dress as she strode across the parking lot. When they crossed into a pool of light, she lifted it over her ass. She even managed to spin around once, letting the whole thing spin around, since she had unbuttoned the last of the buttons, and the dress was flying free. When they got to the car, she popped the trunk, which slowly opened, and she turned to Sterling as she lay her bags onto the floor of the trunk and lifted the dress off of her shoulders, exposing herself completely naked.

He put his bag down and tried to prop the camera somewhere, then wrapped his arms around her as they hid between the car and the trees along the road. "You've gone crazy," he said as she lifted up his t-shirt and slid her hands down inside his sweatpants. She pressed her naked body tightly against his, kissing him wet and deep, and feeling his cock throbbing against her leg.

He turned her around and bent her over, and she braced her arms against th3 floor of the trunk. He shoved the dress up to her shoulders so he could see her back and fat little ass in the dim light from the street lamps. He ran his hands over her well-muscled back and reached around to grab her bare little tits. She moaned as he squeezed her and pressed himself against her. He pulled her up a little, keeping one tit covered and running his other hand down her stomach until he reached her generous pussy lips and stroked along them. She gasped louder as his fingers delved between her folds of tangled flesh, making them wet and sending waves of pleasure through her body.

She reached back to find the waist of his sweatpants and push it down as best she could over his ass, brushing her fingers against the cool skin of his hips. It was his turn to moan, and she maneuvered the band of the pants down over his ass and down his legs till his cock sprang out and bounced against her bare legs.

They heard cars on the other side of the trees along the parking lot, but they didn't care. He bent her forward till she reached the floor of the trunk, then slid the end of his cock up and down between her wet, throbbing pussy lips till he found the opening and slid himself deep into her cunt. She groaned as he filled her, his cock growing as he plunged inside her, then slid back and forth. He loved looking at her fat little ass as he fucked her and seeing her thick pussy lips wrap around his thrusting shaft. Bending over her, he reached around to grab her tits and tweak her nipples, triggering more squeals of pleasure from her as she pressed back against his thrusts.

Before too long, his cock erupted inside her, and he yelled in relief as he filled her. Her arms collapsed, and she put her head down to receive all of him. He squeezed her butt cheeks as the last of his cum pulsed into her, then slowly he let his cock slide out and he watched his cum drip out of her swollen pussy, letting his own last few drops land on her leg, cold dots in the night breeze.

He pulled up his sweatpants, then helped her stand and guided her to the passenger seat. "Keep your dress open, and prop your feet up on the dashboard for the ride home." She looked at him in a daze, smiling, then climbed into the seat and put her feet up, as directed. He handed her the seatbelt and went around to his side. They drove out of the parking lot without being observed, and when they got onto the local highway, she started rubbing her mound, pressing against her clit and pussy lips. He glanced at her the first time she moaned and smiled. It was a nice long ride, should give her plenty of time to cum and provide him with some entertainment as well. Much better than the radio or a CD.


The Dare MD Ch. 03

She looks for new places to expose herself.

FOR THE REST OF THE WEEK after their grocery store dare, Andrea had to concentrate really hard on each patient to make sure she did not make any mistakes. Every now and then, a memory of her colleague Bill looking down her dress would sneak into her awareness, and she had to force herself to push it away. It was even more exasperating that he did not say anything about their encounter and just concentrated on business as usual.

The week went quietly, and when she got home Friday night, Sterling met her with plans to go out to dinner. He had made arrangements for the babysitter and would go get her while Andrea relaxed and took a bath. "Don't get dressed till I come back," he said, kissing her on his way out.

As she lay in the warm bath, she was surprised to realize how much tension she had been holding, as it drained out of her. She let herself drift and allowed herself to wonder what Bill must have thought when he looked down her dress at her naked body. And why had he not said anything? As she wondered, her hand drifted down toward her pussy and stroked it. The warmth of the bath and the touch of her hand brought a smile to her face, and she relaxed even further.

In the distance, she heard the sound of their front door, indicating that Sterling had returned from picking up the babysitter. She sat up and washed herself off quickly, then got out and was drying herself off when he tapped on the door and came in, carrying the camera.

She was so used to him showing up with his camera whenever she was naked or undressing that it no longer made her nervous. He did not start filming her till she was in the bedroom, brushing and straightening her hair. "Are you getting my fat little ass?" she asked playfully, "and my tiny tits?"

"Your tits aren't tiny," he answered, playing their usual game. "Small, but not tiny. And I love them."

She laughed and headed toward her underwear drawer. "No panties," he said. She giggled and pulled out her favorite suspender tights. He filmed her closely as she pulled them on, making sure to get some shots of her ass shaking as she made the final adjustments, and then as she walked around, modeling herself for him.

Then came the short grey dress with a zipper up the front, all the way from top to bottom. She gave him a few sexy poses, and he put the camera away. She checked in with the babysitter for some last-minute reminders, kissed the children goodbye, and they drove off.

She leaned back in the passenger seat and let the breeze from the window play with her hair and blow the rest of the tension away. She pulled the dress up a little and let the breeze play on her bare skin, tickling her stomach and pussy. She knew they were going to be a little naughty tonight, so she might as well get a head start.

"You look so much more relaxed," Sterling said as they got out of the car. He had parked a few blocks away from the restaurant, so she could walk down a couple of side streets and flash her ass for the camera.

"I had been worried about how Bill, the doctor we saw at the grocery store, would react to seeing us," she said as she started down the street. "It was nerve-wracking that he didn't say anything. I couldn't figure him out, but then he's sort of like that."

She took a little twirl and lifted her dress as Sterling let her get ahead of him. He took a few pictures of her ass, then a short video. There was a park at the end of the street, where she sat on a bench with her legs open so he could get a few more views of her bare pussy before they went in for dinner. After they placed their order, she unzipped the top of her dress and gave him a few glimpses of her tits, playing with her nipples as he did so. When the server brought their salads, she had to turn to the side to keep herself covered while Stirling put the camera down.

"You still haven't told me what you plan to do with all these pictures and videos," she said when they were alone. "You've been spending a lot of time editing them. You must have something in mind."

"I've been doing some research," he said as he took a bite of salad.

She chuckled in response. "I bet that's been fun."

"It's had its moments. I've found a few sites where people post their own videos. Some are easier to navigate than others, and some make it easier for people to comment on the videos. I think that would be a big part of the fun, seeing what people say. Selling them would be nice, but mostly you want to get some reaction from them, right?"

She chewed thoughtfully for a few moments and shifted on her bench. "Strangers seeing me naked, even if they don't see all of me? That's turning me on."

Sterling slowly reached down for the camera and aimed it at her under the table. "Let's see," he said. He flipped up the live view screen and aimed the camera at her. She spread her legs and rotated her hips slightly to give him a better view of her pussy. "Pull the dress up more," he said softly, "so I can get more light on you."

She shifted back on the bench and pulled the dress up, flooding her pussy and surrounding area with light. He was filming when she pulled the skirt down and closed her legs. "Everything all right?" The server had come up to the table. "The main course should be ready in a couple of minutes."

"Thanks," Andrea said calmly, then pulled her dress back up when they were alone. "It's important to pay attention," she said with a smile. She reached down with both hands and pulled her pussy lips apart for a few moments. He filmed a little bit more, then they both went back to eating.

After the main course had been delivered, he went back to talking about the sites he had researched. "There's one called 'allmyvideos,' where people post their stuff and offer them for sale. People can follow you or just buy individual vids. There's another called 'ForFans,' which is more of a membership site, where there's more room for comments. Other sites that have different features. I've saved a bunch on my laptop. We can look them over when we get home."

The rest of dinner was punctuated with some more tit and pussy flashes, sending them both into quiet fits of laughter and pleasure. As they waited for dessert and coffee, Sterling leaned forward and said, "Come on, play with yourself while we're waiting." He turned his camera on and aimed it under the table. "And keep a finger in there while they're serving."

She scowled at him and did as he requested, using both hands to spread her pussy lips and stroke the soft skin to get herself loose and wet. She slid one and then two fingers from her left hand into the tight opening, then raised the other hand onto the table and seemed to casually lean on it while the server poured the coffee.

Sterling could tell from the look on her face and her enforced stillness that she was stroking herself while the server was there. He would be able to see the video when they got home, but he really wished he could have got a double-screen view of above and below the table. He was trying to keep from chuckling as he saw more clearly that she was struggling, probably clenching her pelvic muscles to control herself.

When the server walked away, she let out a gasp of air, but stayed bent over, still biting her lip and rocking slightly. Sterling sat back, the camera focused on her, and he could see in the live view screen that her fingers were still working her pussy. After a couple minutes, he saw her hips twitch, and then she let out another gasp of air. Then she sat back and smiled at him. She sucked lightly on the tip of her finger before picking up her spoon to have some dessert. Sterling glanced down at the camera and saw that, in leaning back, she had spread her legs even further, exposing herself to the camera even more. They finished their dessert and coffee in a satisfied silence.

WHEN THEY GOT HOME, Andrea took the babysitter home. Sterling was in bed when she got back, reading from his laptop, and it did not take her long to strip and get ready for bed. She crawled in on her side and snuggled next to him, savoring the feel of their skin against each other. She slid her hand behind his arm and leaned her cheek on his shoulder. "So, what do you want to show me?"

He ran his finger over the laptop trackpad to open the screen. "This is one of the ones I talked about, Allmyvids, where people post all sorts of stuff, from pretty tame to really raunchy. You can let them know whether you're interested in men, women, transgender, or anything. You can search by topic or theme, or you can follow particular people."

"Mmmm, you've done a lot of research." She pressed herself more firmly against him and gently bit his shoulder.

"You wanted to know what sort of sites we could post pictures and videos on," he said somewhat defensively. She leaned against him. "Sorry," she said.

"Here's the other major one, ForFans. You have to join before you can see previews, and you have to subscribe before you can see previews or buy videos. This site is built to include a lot of comment and even discussion. Again, there are a lot of different kinds of themes, and you can get pretty wild."

"Have you signed up for anybody?" She pressed her leg against his and looked closer at the screen. "What turns you on? Oh, I'm sorry, where has your research led you?"

He laughed and selected another tab. "Here's one site, a teacher who's a swinger. It looks like she posts daily pictures of herself getting dressed or undressed, and then occasional pay-per-view videos of their swinging escapades. This one seems to be a secretary who wants to be a pornstar, and this one seems to just want to have fun. She and the teacher both keep their faces out of their pictures and, I presume, their videos."

Andrea had slid down and was running her hand up Sterling's leg, no doubt aiming toward his cock. "Are you paying attention?" he asked while spreading his legs slightly more open.

"Yes, the teacher keeps her face hidden, and the secretary wants to be a porn star. Go on." She had slid her hand beneath his thigh and was lightly stroking his ball sack. He sighed and flipped to the next page. "This other site offers clips for sale, and you can search them by subject or person. You sort of have to know what you're looking for." He paused as she had slid her hand further under his balls and was starting to roll them between her fingers. "This last one . . . ummm ... has a lot of other kinds of . . . like, ummm, blogs and political, um . . . And . . . " He drifted off as she pushed his legs apart and moved herself down to where she was kissing his thigh and inserting herself between his legs.

"I'll put this list of all the links and passwords on your bedside table," he struggled to say as he put his laptop onto his own table. He threw the blanket aside so he could see her as she slowly dragged her tongue up the length of his stiffening cock. She gently wrapped her fingers around his shaft and circled her tongue around the head. "I heard everything you said," she said, resting her lips against the soft bulge. "Allmyvideos," and she dragged her lips along the head. "Forfans," and dragged the tip of her tongue along his little slit. "The one that sells clips," her lips again, "and the one with the political stuff," and she wrapped her lips around the head and slid down till she touched her hand. He moaned, and she felt him quiver and grow.

Fuck, she loved the feel of his cock inside her mouth, the sense of power and control it gave her to push him to levels of passion with her fingers and tongue and lips and sometimes her teeth. And the contrast between the stiffening cock in her mouth and the playful softness of his balls, as she brought her other hand up to roll and stroke them. She started to slide down further, to test how far she could take him down her throat, when he began to shift.

He rolled his hips to the side, giving her enough warning and support to roll herself over his leg as he straddled her. Her eyes went a bit wide, since this change in position was pushing his cock further toward her throat than she had planned, but he lifted himself up slightly so that he did not choke her. Once he had finished shifting, he was straddling her head and gently sliding in and out of her mouth, taking control without losing the warmth of her lips wrapped around him.

After a few minutes, he shifted again, this time to the side, rotating her head toward him, so she was on her back, reaching toward his cock, and he could reach down to spread her legs and play with her wet, thick pussy lips.

She was unable to keep him in her mouth as he plunged his fingers and out of her. "Fuck me," she gasped and tried again to reach his throbbing cock. With two swift moves, he moved between her spread-out legs and stroked the engorged head of his cock between her thick lips, found her hole right away, and slid into the lubricated space yearning for him.

The sound that came out of her as his rod filled her cunt was more of a growl than a moan. She grabbed his shoulders and dug her nails in, pulling him down toward her, her groans begging him to fill her, pump her, ravage every nerve of her hungry pussy till she was a limp rag bathed in sweat. She was no longer the sedate doctor, wisely interpreting a patient's symptoms and offering informed guidance and gentle advice. She was a lioness roaring for her mate, a whore begging to be ravaged and filled with her daddy's cum. Sometimes, she could frighten Sterling with her needs, but that night he was ready for her, and he wanted to feed her, wring her out, fill her up. This night, she would be his to own and use.

She loved when he got carried away, losing himself in his own frenzy of fucking her. She did not always cum when he got like this, but she reveled in his passion, his sweat, and his power, demonstrated in his thrusting and groaning. As she sensed him getting closer to his breaking point, she dug her nails deeper and locked her legs around his waist as his body tightened in intensity and his thrusts grew deeper yet shorter. Then with a loud gasp, his body quivered until he finally burst inside her, his cock erupting into her cunt with each thrust and gasp. She released her own breath in a loud moan, tightening her cunt muscles around his pulsing cock, yearning to keep every drop of his cum inside her. Finally, with a long sighing moan, he relaxed onto her and she held him close, comforting him with her stroking hand, soft breaths against his cheek, as his last pulses of energy seeped into her.

As their passion faded, they eased into their well-established routine of him sliding out of her, and her rolling slightly sideways to let him move next to her. She kept her arms around him as they drifted off into a post-fucking haze. After a few minutes, they shifted around to their usual sleeping positions, where they fell asleep.

HER PHONE READ 1:47. She had been awake for a few minutes and was not feeling like she would fall back asleep soon. Sterling was breathing regularly next to her, the semi-snore of his regular sleep. She quietly slid out from under the cover, took the piece of paper that he had placed on her bedside table, and headed out to her office to pick up her laptop. She took it into the guest room, where she could stretch out on the bed.

She lay back and stared at the ceiling, absent-mindedly letting her fingers drift over her body as she marveled at what she was considering. Even though she had been nervous for half the week, the knowledge that she had exposed herself to a colleague turned her on, even though she knew that could get her into trouble. And now she was on the verge of posting pictures and videos of herself, naked, on a public forum. Yes, she would keep her face hidden, but her breasts—her tiny tits— and her fat little ass would be on display. The whole idea was turning her on.

The night air was a little cool, so she grabbed the decorative blanket from the foot of the bed and draped it over her shoulders. She turned on the laptop and looked at the paper Sterling had left for her while it booted up. She was familiar with the last site he had mentioned, since she subscribed to a couple of the semi-political sites hosted there. It seemed an unlikely place to attract viewers, so she turned her attention to the clips site.

At first, it seemed overwhelming, with a lot of attention to fetishes, from bondage, foot adoration, peeing, wearing diapers, to other activities she had never even thought of. She finally opened the Categories tab and clicked on Exhibitionism. The range of people of all ages who were seemingly eager to expose themselves in one way or another was again astonishing.

The first link in the long list took her to a page of videos by a European woman, who wore extremely short skirts and open, mesh, or see-through blouses, while wandering through European resort towns. Her face was always off camera or blurred, while her pierced tits and pussy were always exposed to some degree. Some of the previews suggested that she often masturbated in public areas, along the side of roads, in parks, on hotel balconies. Andrea guessed that the woman was in her 40s and, aside from the piercings, was totally natural. She looked totally hot, and Andrea felt her pussy twitching at what she saw. .

The first of the sites where Sterling had written down a password, allmyvideos, opened to a page of previews of live shows, followed by a variety of categories, each with short clips to highlight the individuals. She had recently learned the meaning of MILF, one of the categories she would fit in, and she clicked on the option to see more of those previews. Again, the range of ages, styles, weights, and body types of women and their offerings was staggering, some of them getting into things that Andrea had never heard about or would never consider.

There was a link under Sterling's pseudonym for Purchase History, so she clicked on that. She saw several videos featuring a younger woman going by the name ChelseaManor, which could be real or fake. This may be the secretary he had mentioned. A few of her videos showed her masturbating at work under her desk, sometimes with a dildo. Andrea watched a couple of these to see if she could figure out how she had placed her camera. She also noticed that the woman, probably in her 20s, seemed adept at filming herself from several angles, something Andrea needed to practice.

When she went to check the other site Sterling had subscribed to, Forfans, Andrea realized that she had been unconsciously stroking her pussy and had slid her finger into herself, up to the second knuckle. "Behave," she laughed and told herself, "I've got research to conduct."

The opening page of Forfans was just a log-in, so she entered the password Sterling had written down. The site opened to a series of pictures from at least three women, presumably the sites he had subscribed to. The first must be the swinging teacher he mentioned, as she looked at a picture of a well-built woman, probably in her 40s, from the shoulder down, wearing high heels and lace panties. The caption read, "Do you think I should wear these crotchless panties for my teacher parent conferences tonight?"

Andrea clicked on the name of the woman in the next picture and got an introductory page that described her as "a fit hotwife and working mom who loves to fuck." The woman obviously worked out, since her pictures showed off her developed biceps, tight stomach, and muscular legs. She had a lot of videos posted with descriptions of sex with her husband and his friends, other women, various toys, and possibly more.

Looking back and forth between the pictures of these two women, Andrea realized that they both showed signs of age, stretch marks on their stomach and ass, some slight folds of skin that even vigorous exercise would not prevent. While the hotwife had obviously had breast implants, the teacher's breasts had some sag. Thinking back to the European exhibitionist from the earlier site she had looked at, Andrea remembered her breasts as being fairly small with eraserhead nipples that she could poke through mesh shirts or clamp special jewelry onto. So maybe she should not worry about her own small tits or her fat little ass. These sites seemed to have room for all sizes and shortcomings.



Once again, Andrea realized that two fingers from her left hand had found their way inside her wet pussy. Her thumb was rubbing her clit, and her breathing had turned shallow. She moved the laptop to a safe place and let herself sink into the pillows on the guest bed.

She brought her fingers up to her nose and inhaled deeply, sucking in the musky aroma of her sensual moistness, then let them drift down to her lips, where she sucked them into her mouth. While she held them there, her right hand began drawing circles around her abdomen and mound, gradually closing in on the spot just above her pussy, where she could press on her clit and the surrounding area, generating more waves to course through her body.

As the intensity grew, she rolled over and stuck her ass slightly up in the air. She reached her pussy and began stroking and separating her thick pussy lips, till she could slide her middle finger between them and slide into her slick cunt. She gasped as her finger triggered more waves of passion inside her, and she imagined Sterling at the foot of the bed, looking up at her, even filming her as she played with herself for her imagined audience. Then suddenly, the image of Sterling shifted to Bill Berman, her fellow doctor, and she quivered as she imagined him looking up between her legs, watching her finger-fuck herself with that same studied intensity he showed at the grocery store as she bent over to empty the shopping cart. Then it was Paul. Fuck, where had he come from? Paul, her boyfriend at college who had introduced her to Alyssa, who persuaded her to pose nude for a photographer friend, who invited herself to sleep over and make out with her and Paul, to share his cum, and to teach Andrea how to go down on her.

She had forgotten about all that, but now the memories were driving her to a frenzy as her fingers pounded her pussy. She rolled over onto her back again, still pounding, legs spread as wide as they could go, her thumb rubbing her clit, her left hand squeezing her tits, pulling her nipples, as she gasped and her body shook several times with the force of a sudden orgasm.

Her whole body shook several times, each time a little less intense, as the orgasm worked its way through her. Fuck, she thought that was the most intense I can remember. Her shoulders drooped, and she lay on the bed, legs open, her fingers resting on her wet, swollen pussy. Her breath was slowing down, coming back to normal, when she wondered, "where's my vibrator?" That's right, the vibrator that she'd bought in her second year at medical school, when she was so tense and so overwhelmed with her studies, and one of her fellow students had said she should get one because it was a great way to relieve tension. Who was that? Andrea had been so shocked at the suggestion that she just nodded and turned away. Still, she had bought it, online so nobody would know, and she had used it often in the privacy of her bedroom. Yet after that, she had become so sedate, it seemed, after her wild year or so with Paul and Alyssa. Where they are now, she wondered.

As she relaxed, her mind wandered through the house, trying to remember where she might have hidden the vibrator. She was certain she had not thrown it out, but it was not something she would have shared with Sterling. That was not something they would have done early in their marriage, or at least she would have done. Then she remembered some of the pictures he had taken during their honeymoon, when he had persuaded her to strip naked on the beach when it was deserted. And hadn't he taken pictures of her in bed, naked, her legs spread in obscene desire? She giggled and found that her fingers had once again found their way to her garden of delight. She laughed out loud. That was one of Alyssa's terms, usually delivered ironically. And what had she called Andrea's labia, her long and thick pussy lips? The curtains to paradise. She remembered Alyssa's gentle touch, spreading her open and licking gently along the slick surface, teasing her clit with her tongue, sucking Andrea into her mouth, then sliding her tongue up into Andrea's cunt. She remembered the softness of Alyssa's little tits against hers, and the two of them licking Paul's cum off their faces. Mmmm, fuuuccckkk, what am I doing, she wondered as her fingers pushed back inside her cunt, now throbbing at the memories that she had pushed aside for so long. Yet wouldn't Sterling want to know? What would his cock do to her as she told him about this part of her past?

Memories and fingers drove her into another thrashing orgasm. She rolled over and buried her head into one of the pillows, biting into it as she groaned and shook with bursting passion. She thrashed time and again, and then sagged into the mattress and pillows. She was a sweaty, limp rag, and she was sure she would have to wash the covers before anybody else saw them.

She had dozed off, apparently, since she woke up, not sure at first where she was. She rolled back to pull her head out from where she had wedged it between the pillows. Her ass had rolled over onto something hard, her phone, she realized, and she pulled it out from under herself. 3:23. She had been there for an hour and a half, she thought, maybe more? Her pussy was tingling, but she told herself to leave it alone for now. She should get some sleep to be ready for work tomorrow. Or later today, she told herself.

A tangle of hair fell in front of her face when she sat up. She giggled. Dr. Crawford, always so well put together, the smiling beauty in their staff pictures, the well-posed couple in the school fund-raiser publications, the one they often asked to speak at groups about health issues since she was so cute. Come see me now! She looked at herself in the full-length mirror, naked, tousled, a come-fuck-me hairdo if she had ever seen one. She put her hands in her hair and cocked her hip. Is it proper for a doctor to shave her pussy, she thought. Something else Alyssa taught me. I wonder where she is now.

She looked at the rumpled bed. I'll fix it tomorrow, she thought, as she turned out the light and headed down the hall to slip in next to Sterling. Oh, have I got stories to tell him, she thought, new sites to explore, toys to buy. Some things I just might keep secret for myself, she thought with a smile as she turned into the bedroom.
