Story: The Milking Clinic

Chapter 1 - Kendra and Jay

The woman sitting behind the desk was attractive and perky.  A blue 
nametag on her white lab smock read "MISS HOLLY".  Jay looked at Miss 
Holly's blonde hair which was slightly curled under, creating a 
smartly professional and at the same time sensuous look.  She recited 
the litany of the research project to the 26 year old Jay.

"This is a four week endeavor for each subject who volunteers for our 
project," she stated.  "We are testing both males and females in what 
is known as milking.  We require consistent attendance every weekday 
for four weeks.  I can not at this time divulge all the goals of the 
research, since we want to avoid influencing the outcome."

She waited for a reaction.  Jay, his attention divided between 
listening to Miss Holly and fantasizing about her, stammered, "Uh, yes 
- four weeks, right?"

"Correct.  Now, one of the characteristics of the research is that we 
will collect and measure your output of semen and prostatic fluid 
every session, and you will not be allowed a full normal ejaculation.  
To ensure compliance you will wear what is known as a chastity cage 
when you are not here.  You with me so far?"

"What do you mean about not allowing ejaculation?  I thought that 
milking was -"

A slight smile graced Miss Holly's face.  "With males, milking refers 
to extraction of semen without orgasmic ejaculation.  During the 
milking process we at the clinic are knowledgeable about preventing 
full ejaculation by employing various sensory techniques.  You may 
find the experience arousing and frustrating at the same time.  On the 
final day of your participation you will be allowed complete release 
in addition to the agreed-upon payment."

The idea of being stimulated by Miss Holly had a definite appeal to 
Jay, so he agreed to the trial after giving it a moment's thought.

Miss Holly continued.  "Beginning with the first session, and every 
other day thereafter, we require that you receive colonic irrigation, 
also known as an enema, prior to the session.  If you are in agreement 
with all this, please read and sign this release."

After skimming the one page release, Jay signed it.  "When do we 
start?" he asked.

"You can start tomorrow," she stated.  "We have appointments open at 9 
AM, 11 AM, and 4 PM.  Allow an extra 45 minutes for your colonic 
irrigation."

After selecting the 9 AM appointment, he asked, "Are you going to be 
the one doing the, uh..."

"In your case, no - Miss Kendra will be facilitating your sessions, 
because she supervises the mechanical milking.  I do the manual 
milking, which will be done with the next male applicant.  Now, before 
you leave here, let's go to a clinic room and I'll fit you with a 
chastity cage."

Holly got up and walked ahead.  Jay fixed his gaze on her swaying hips 
and bare legs as they walked down the hall and into an examination 
room.  She seated herself and had Jay stand in front of her.

"Pull down your pants now."

Jay self-consciously unfastened his jeans and tugged them down.  His 
very erect boner pressed against the inside of his briefs.  Miss Holly 
smiled, grasped the waistband of the briefs and slid them down.  Jay's 
erection sprang outward and pointed at Holly's face.  She palpated his 
testicles and then lightly squeezed the tip of his cock, which then 
became more hardened and erect.

"Okay, stay right there," she instructed, and got up to retrieve a 
cock cage.  She returned and fastened the metal and plastic device 
around his waist and cock, and locked it.

"You can shower and bathe with this on," she explained.  "Okay, now 
get your pants back up and we'll see you tomorrow."

That night Jay wondered if he made the right choice in agreeing to 
undergo the treatment.  He acknowledged that he found the idea 
exciting.  On the other hand, he knew that if he backed out at any 
point, he would get no payment.  He slept restlessly and awoke several 
times with an erection pressing against the confines of the chastity 
cage.  He made sure he was on time for his appointment the following 
day.

Miss Holly greeted Jay with a cheerful smile when he arrived at the 
clinic.  She told him to go to room 4 and get completely undressed and 
that Miss Kendra would be there in a few minutes.  After undressing, 
he waited nervously for several minutes.  Then the door opened and a 
petite black-haired woman walked in carrying a full enema bag.

"Hi, I'm Miss Kendra," she announced as she hung the bag on a stand.  
"Please get up on the table and put your feet in the stirrups."

Kendra, a pleasant and cheerful young woman, appeared to be no older 
than 20. She watched as Jay awkwardly followed her instructions.  She 
wheeled the stand over to the front corner of the examination table 
and lubricated the nozzle.  After a few minutes Jay was groaning from 
the effects of a very full and intrusive enema.  After retaining it 
for several minutes, Kendra let him up to get rid of it and instructed 
him to rinse off in the adjoining shower afterward.  After he got 
cleaned up, she led him, naked, out of that room and into another 
room.

Jay noticed a sturdy spreader bar attached to the low ceiling and 
metal rings in the floor.

Kendra giggled and said, "It does look rather sinister, doesn't it?  
You'll probably be getting extremely aroused during the sessions, and 
we found that we need to bind the subjects in place so they won't 
interfere and bring themselves to ejaculation.  Let me take off your 
chastity cage."

She unlocked and removed the cock cage, and then led him to the 
overhead spreader bar. Jay's cock sprang to attention.

Kendra's sensuous and slightly dominant demeanor ensured that Jay 
followed her instructions.

"Go ahead and put your arms up there and hold on to the bar - good, 
now I'll bind your wrists in place.  Spread your legs - yes, like 
that, now let's get your ankles bound.  There."

She wheeled a small appliance in front of Jay.  Then she retrieved a 
pliable dildo-like object with a lengthy cable attached to it, and 
smeared a generous amount of petroleum jelly on it.  It had a bulbous 
shape in its center and tapered toward the end with the cable, so that 
it would be retained easily.

"This is for helping to prevent orgasmic ejaculation," she said, and 
inserted it into his back way.

"Aaaaaaugh!" he exclaimed as Kendra pushed it in.

She attached the other end of the cable to a fitting on the appliance.

"Now for the fun part," she giggled, and retrieved a soft plastic 
cylinder with a suction tube.  She placed lubricant on Jay's erect 
cock, and also on the inside of the transparent cylinder, and slid it 
around his cock.  Jay's breathing deepened with his arousal.  Kendra 
attached the suction tube to a fitting on the appliance, and then 
pulled up a chair next to it.  Then she removed her lab coat and 
seated herself, revealing a short-skirted white uniform dress and bare 
legs.  She was now about three feet in front of Jay.

"I'm going to extract and collect as much as possible during the forty 
minutes of activity today," she stated.  I'll start by milking your 
prostate."

She clicked on the appliance, and turned a dial.  The pliable dildo 
expanded inside Jay.  It kept expanding, and when he felt as though he 
would burst, he let out a loud, "UHHHHHHH!" sound, and the dildo 
shrank for a few seconds.  Then it expanded again, pressing hard 
against his prostate, evoking another yell.  Kendra repeated this 
while observing drops of fluid escape from his cock.  She did not stop 
the alternate expansion and contraction of the dildo until no more 
fluid came out.

"Now for some more fun," Kendra giggled.

Jay jerked as if startled.  The cylinder around his cock began a 
pulsating sucking action.  The stimulation was at the same time 
intense and frustrating.  It was not like being inside a woman.  It 
felt more like an intense but loose blowjob.  A few moments of this, 
and Jay's arousal peaked rapidly.  He felt his cock begin to pulse.  
Just as he was about to burst forth with a wild ejaculation, all the 
stimulation ceased.  Jay's cock pulsed a couple more times, and then 
the semen that would have been satisfyingly ejected in spurts, instead 
dribbled from the tip of his member into the collecting cylinder.

"Ohhhh!" he moaned in frustration.

Kendra smiled sexily and refrained from stimulating Jay in any way for 
five minutes.  Then she turned a dial and the pulsating sucking 
resumed.  After a moment of this the dildo that was inside him began 
to vibrate at a low level.  As the attachment relentlessly sucked and 
pulsed on his member, Jay's arousal slowly and steadily built up.

Jay considered that if he could keep quiet, Kendra wouldn't notice 
when he crossed the line and he could experience a satisfying orgasm.  
He tried to keep his breathing under control, and as the stimulation 
continued he felt the first pulse of ejaculation.  The stimulation 
suddenly stopped, and a few dribbles leaked into the attached 
cylinder.

"Damn it!' he groaned as beads of sweat formed on his forehead.

Kendra tried to suppress a smile that indicated that she knew what he 
had tried.  She stood up and cradled his face in her hands and said, 
"You're doing fine."  Then she went back and calmly waited a few 
moments before having the dildo gently expand and contract every few 
seconds.

Jay looked hungrily at the pretty clinician.  Kendra sat with her 
thighs slightly open and her feet apart.  She smiled and said, "Time 
for some more sucky-sucky," and started the machine's gentle pulsating 
sucking action.

"Ohhhhh," Jay groaned, and pumped his hips back and forth in vain as 
his arousal slowly and gradually built up again.  The pulsing and 
sucking intensified, and he again felt a fervid ejaculation building 
up.  He was sure that this time there would be no stopping the hot and 
satisfying spurts of semen.  The feeling gripped his insides; he 
closed his eyes and grimaced.  "Ahhhhhh!" he exclaimed, and as the 
first jet would have shot out, all stimulation ceased.

"Gaaaaaah!" he yelled in frustration, and a few stringy drops of fluid 
escaped.  He violently pumped his hips through the air.  "I want to 
cum!"

Kendra caused the dildo to press against Jay's prostate a few times to 
flush out the remaining fluid.  Then she withdrew the dildo and the 
pump cylinder, and placed the chastity cage around his cock.  Before 
releasing him, she gave him a kiss on his lips.

"I'm going to keep a daily log of the volume of output," she said, and 
then told him he could get dressed and that the session was over.

After several days of sessions, Jay didn't know if he could last 
through four weeks of grueling semen extraction.  Kendra thought of 
new ways to keep his interest peaked - she would display her breasts 
through an unbuttoned blouse, perform sensuous touching, and give 
teasing kisses.  A few times she wore nothing under her lab smock and 
surprised Jay when she took it off.  Then, sitting in front of him, 
she masturbated herself to a raucous climax two or three times during 
the session.  When she did this she threw her head back and, with her 
mouth wide open, loudly exclaimed, "Ahhhhh - Ahhhhhhh - Ahhhhhhh!" as 
her body's spasms conveyed her pleasure.

The weekends brought no relief, as Jay wore the chastity cage then as 
well as during the week.

Monday morning Jay was more than ready to have some sexual activity, 
even if it did not culminate in a satisfying orgasm.  Kendra often 
palpated his testicles while the machine milked him, giggling sexily 
until he was ready to spurt.  Jay enjoyed Kendra's attention even 
though he was greatly frustrated from the milking.  Sometimes he was 
certain that he could not take another day of milking frustration, 
although he always managed to show up for the following session.

The end of the fourth week came, and the session went as usual, with 
the exception that Kendra kept his stimulation below the milking 
threshold for much of the time.  Toward the end of the session, she 
smiled sexily and turned up the sucking action of the machine for 
greater stimulation.  Then she stood in front of him with her arms 
folded and watched as the machine brought him up to, and then past, 
the threshold of orgasmic ejaculation.

Jay exclaimed incoherently, twisting and writhing as he finally was 
allowed to experience orgasm and ejaculation to completion.  Kendra 
let the machine's suction continue to pulse for a moment, and then 
shut it off.

Chapter 2 - Holly and Alan

Holly screened the next applicant, Alan, in her office as she had done 
with Jay.  Alan agreed to the four week program, and knew that Holly 
would be the one administering the sessions.  Let's take a look at her 
technique of manual milking, instead of using a machine.

Holly gave him the requisite enema, and led him to the bondage room.  
She bound his wrists to the spreader bar, his ankles to the floor 
rings, and removed the chastity cage.  Predictably, Alan's boner stood 
out like a flagpole.  She had a wide mouthed plastic vial clipped to 
her belt for collecting the session's extraction.

She inserted an inflatable dildo in Alan's back way, and allowed the 
attached squeeze bulb to hang down.

She gave a firm squeeze to the bulb as she looked directly into Alan's 
eyes.  The dildo expanded inside him and pressed hard against his 
innards, including his prostate.

"Uhhhhhh!" he groaned.

Holly waited a moment, and saw that Alan was still erect.  She gave 
another squeeze.

"AAAAAAAAUGH!"

His erection subsided, even though a few drops of pre-cum emerged.  
Holly smiled and squirted some lotion on her hands and expertly 
stroked his cock.  After a moment it came to life and hardened under 
her attention.  She appeared to be completely absorbed in her task as 
she brought Alan to the brink of ejaculation.  Suddenly she released 
his cock and swiveled around, placing the vial which was clipped to 
her belt, directly under his cock.  A few dribbles of semen emerged 
and dripped into the vial as Alan moaned in frustration.

Holly deflated the dildo, and re-inflated it several times to the 
accompaniment of his loud groans, and had it milk his prostate until 
no more fluid dripped out.  Then she again expertly used her hands on 
his cock, and teased him with her seductive smile as his arousal built 
up.  His insides contracted as he prepared to forcefully ejaculate.  
Holly stopped all stimulation as Alan's cock began to pulse.  A few 
strings of semen spilled into Holly's vial as her subject grimaced in 
frustration.

While Alan recovered, Holly ran her sensuous hands over his body, and 
in a few minutes he was aroused again.  After working the dildo inside 
him for a few moments, she applied her hands to his cock and 
testicles, acting as though she intended to bring him to a full and 
satisfying ejaculation.  As Alan became more and more aroused, Holly's 
eyes gleamed.  She kept working with her oiled hands, and the instant 
she felt his erection twitch and pulse, she let go and collected his 
dribbling output.

"No," Alan panted, "Please - please let me have a good cum!"  He 
pumped his hips in vain for a moment.

Holly giggled and said, "You're doing good.  I'll put the chastity 
cage back on you and we'll see you tomorrow."

As the daily sessions progressed, Holly's actions became more and more 
overtly sexual as a way of Keeping Alan's stimulation at its peak.  
She removed her panties, took off her uniform dress, and made front to 
front contact with the bound male.  Other times she sat with her legs 
spread and jilled herself between milking episodes.  She felt Alan's 
eyes hungrily probe her glistening pussy as she masturbated herself 
and giggled.  Other times she made sexy faces as her bound charge 
coarsely whispered his fervent desire to be brought to a complete 
ejaculation.  Occasionally, Holly tenderly kissed him on the lips to 
bring his arousal to the fore.

Like the other participants, Alan was not sure that he had the will to 
follow through to the end of the experiment, but the attraction of 
having Holly's complete attention every day, even if it meant that he 
would be teased and denied, always compelled him to return.  The 
thought of the woman's sensuous fingers palpating and manipulating his 
cock and testicles excited him, and he always had the hope that just 
once, she would miscalculate and bring him over the edge to a 
wrenching and satisfying ejaculation.  He imagined a surprised 
expression on Holly's face as she held his pulsing member in her hand 
while streaks of semen shot onto her naked body.

On Alan's last day, the session began as usual.  Bound with legs 
spread, his cock jutted out like a flagpole when Holly removed the 
cock cage.  For practically the entire session, Holly teased and 
tickle-touched his cock and testicles with oiled fingers.  She smiled, 
giggled, and sexily whispered to him.  He struggled and pleaded with 
her to bring his frustration to an end.

Holly knew that Alan felt that his testicles were the size of a 
volleyball with all the frustration he endured.  She put more oil on 
her hands, and then, with her lips pressed together and her eyes 
looking soulfully into his, she gave long, full strokes as she worked 
him up to, and finally beyond, a wrenching ejaculation.

"Aaaaaaaugh!" he exclaimed with eyes shut and head thrown back.  Holly 
kept pumping his cock with her hand as Alan first spurted, then 
dribbled, drop after drop.  When he had no more to give, Holly 
stopped.  Alan practically slumped in his bonds from relief, and Holly 
let him be for a few moments.  Then she released him and told him that 
his payment was waiting for him at the receptionist's desk.

Chapter 3 - Kendra and Bethany

Bethany, a slender bespectacled brunette with long straight hair, 
timidly entered the reception area of the clinic.  She smiled shyly at 
Kendra, and said, "Hi - I called about an hour ago, and -"

"Oh yes," Kendra replied pleasantly.  "You were referred here by a 
friend of yours.  Let's see, it was Darla who told you about us, 
right?"

"Yes.  Darla.  I wanted to find out more about the sessions.  I mean, 
Darla told me some, and -"

"Certainly," Kendra interrupted, trying to put the nervous young woman 
at ease.  "We are performing testing and research in what is called 
milking, on both males and females.  If you'd like to take part in it, 
we require consistent attendance every weekday for four weeks.  Each 
session is about 40 minutes, and we will attempt to collect your 
breast milk over that time.  Your output will be charted.  Upon 
successful completion of the attendance requirements you will receive 
the payment noted in the agreement."

Bethany was silent for a moment and then said, "I'd like to do it."

Kendra let her know the various appointment slots available, and 
Bethany chose a late afternoon time, and came back that same day.

Kendra escorted the nervous woman to a treatment room and told her to 
strip completely.  She then led Bethany to a stark chair-like 
structure and told her to be seated.  The minimal seating area and the 
back were lightly padded.  It was shaped so that when a woman was in 
it, she was leaning forward slightly.  Kendra then bound Bethany's 
arms so they extended outward to her side and somewhat behind her.  
This caused her breasts to jut forward.

Bethany's breathing deepened; her bare chest moved rhythmically with 
each breath.  Kendra brought a cart with an extraction machine and set 
it in front and to one side of Bethany.  She squirted some lotion on 
her hands and rubbed Bethany's breasts with them in preparation for 
the suction device.  The bound woman sighed deeply as Kendra's hands 
worked the lotion around her nipples.

Then the clinician attached the suction tubes to Bethany's breasts.  
"Oh God!" she exclaimed when she felt the gentle suction on her 
nipples.

Kendra seated herself next to the machine.  She looked directly at 
Bethany as she turned a knob.  The device increased the suction on one 
breast, held it for a moment, and released.  Then the other breast.  
The machine continued, sucking and releasing alternate breasts.

Bethany frequently moaned as the stimulation on her breasts 
progressed.  After a few moments she could not keep still, and rubbed 
her knees together in a rapid up and down motion.  Then she crossed 
her legs tightly together and squirmed until she climaxed.  All the 
while her breasts were being sucked in a pulsating manner by the 
machine.

Kendra observed as Bethany's moans and squirming became increasingly 
shameless.  When the session was over, Bethany was drenched in sweat 
and had climaxed five times.  She was relaxed, almost limp, when 
Kendra released her bindings and helped her up.

"Oh my gosh, that was something else!" She exclaimed dizzily.

Kendra smiled and said, "I trust you'll be back tomorrow?"

"God, yes!"

When Bethany entered the clinic the next day, Kendra wore her uniform 
a little on the loose and sloppy side, something that her client 
noticed as she accompanied her to the treatment room.  Bethany 
stripped and seated herself in the treatment chair, and  Kendra bound 
her wrists in place.

"Did you say that you do guys too?" Bethany asked.

"Yes," Kendra replied as she picked up a bottle of lotion.  "It really 
gets them frustrated."

"Frustrated? How's that?"

Kendra squirted a generous amount of lotion on her hands.

"We don't let them have a full ejaculation.  Just as they start to 
squirt, we stop all stimulation.  That's what milking means when 
applied to males."

Kendra continued talking as she rubbed the lotion on Bethany's 
breasts.

"Also, we make them wear a chastity cage so they won't be able to 
bring themselves to a full ejaculation when they're not here."  She 
continued to rub Bethany's breasts for a while.  The woman's breathing 
deepened; her eyes were wide.

Kendra slightly puckered her lips as she massaged Bethany's breasts.  
"Yes, the guys are always about to go insane at the end of each 
session - but they always come back."

"Oh, how sexy!" Bethany exclaimed.

Kendra smiled and attached the suction tubes to Bethany's breasts and 
started the extraction machine.  The rhythmic on-and-off pulsing of 
the suction aroused Bethany in short order.

"Ohhh - ahhh - oh - OHHH - AH!"

She pressed her thighs and knees tightly together and kicked her legs 
for a moment; then she rubbed her thighs together and climaxed.  Her 
mouth opened wide as she raucously voiced her orgasmic exclamations.

Throughout the entire length of the session, the machine coaxed spurts 
of milk from Bethany's breasts.  Throughout the session she squirmed 
and kicked, constantly aroused.  She climaxed several times and was 
exhausted when the session was finally over.

"God, my nipples are so sensitive right now!" she exclaimed when she 
put on her blouse.

After Bethany left, Kendra and Holly prepared to leave for the day.

"How's that female that you're milking?" Holly asked.

"She kicks her legs a lot - it's really something to see.  She's a 
squirmer too."

"I'd like to see that - how about if I do your session tomorrow and 
you can do my morning one - the guy started this week and that's the 
only session I have tomorrow."

Kendra smiled brightly and agreed.  She looked forward to doing some 
teasing and hand-milking of a bound male.

The next afternoon when Bethany came to the clinic, Holly told her 
that Kendra could not be there that afternoon, and that she'd fill in 
for her.  They went to the treatment room and as usual, Bethany 
stripped while Holly prepared the machine.

Holly bound her willing client's wrists as Kendra had done, and then 
sensuously applied the lotion to the captive girl's breasts.  She 
hooked up the suction tubes and started the machine.  Bethany's chest 
rose and fell with each breath she took as her arousal increased, and 
after a few moments she could not keep from squirming and wiggling.  
She rubbed her knees together and climaxed.  Another few moments and 
she pressed her thighs together and kicked her legs wildly as another 
climax wracked her.

Holly kept the machine running and went over to Bethany.  She expertly 
spread her client's feet apart and bound them to the outsides of the 
chair.

"What?!  Aahhhh!  wh- why did you -"

"Shhh," Holly gently admonished, and squatted in front of Bethany.  
She had an excellent view of the bound woman's creamy pussy and spread 
legs.  After a moment Holly inserted a finger into the bound woman's 
dripping pussy and wiggled it around.  She kept her finger inside, and 
stimulated the bound girl's clitoris with her thumb.  Bethany 
raucously exploded in orgasm.  Holly withdrew and stood before her 
client for the remainder of the session.  Bethany begged Holly to 
repeat her ministrations.  Holly's reaction was to smile and simply 
watch the desperate Bethany squirm and wiggle as much as her bonds 
allowed.  This went on for several minutes as Bethany became more and 
more frustrated and aroused.

When the session had about five minutes remaining, Holly again 
squatted between Bethany's spread thighs.  She very lightly stroked 
the bound woman's labia and clitoris with one hand, and after a few 
moments continued the stroking as she inserted a finger of her other 
hand and wiggled it inside her.  Using skillful motion and pressure, 
she gave Bethany her most raucous orgasm of the day.

Holly released Bethany's bonds and mentioned that she had to be in 
another appointment soon.

"Is this for a male?" asked Bethany.

"Yes - how did -"

"Kendra mentioned that it's really frustrating for the guys.  I'd give 
anything to see one of those sessions."

A sly smile graced Holly's face and she told Bethany, "Don't get 
dressed - I'll get a lab smock for you and you can come with me."

Bethany's eyes lit up and she waited for Holly to return with her 
smock.  She donned the lab smock, with nothing underneath, and put on 
her sandals.

Bethany followed Holly to the reception area where Larry waited for 
his appointment.

"Hello Larry," Holly chirped, "Let's go to room 3 and we'll get 
started."

"I gave Larry his enema yesterday - the males have an enema every two 
days," Holly said to Bethany as they walked to the treatment room.

"Clothes off, and get in position," Holly cheerfully instructed.  
Larry shed his clothes and grasped the horizontal spreader bar.  Holly 
bound his wrists and then bound his ankles well apart as Bethany 
intently observed.  Then she removed his cock cage.  His full erection 
stood out for all to see.

Holly strapped the collection vial to her waist and retrieved the 
inflatable dildo.  She lubricated it generously and inserted it 
between Larry's nether cheeks.

"First we milk his prostate with this," Holly explained to Bethany.  
She gave the squeeze bulb a full squeeze and the dildo expanded inside 
Larry.  A few seconds later, another squeeze.

"UUUHHH!"

Holly then alternately pumped and released some of the pressure 
several times until a few strings of prostatic fluid seeped out.  She 
collected his output into the vial, and then pumped up the dildo until 
he grimaced.  She left the dildo pressing hard against him.  Then she 
lubricated her hands with oil and went to work on his cock.

Larry's breathing deepened as Holly skillfully applied her hands, very 
lightly at first and then more exuberantly.  With a coy smile and an 
occasional giggle, Holly teased and stroked until his cock just began 
to pulse.  With an exaggerated expression of mock surprise, she 
exclaimed, "UH-OH!" and quickly let go.  She swiveled around and 
collected the stream of dribble from Larry's frustrated and throbbing 
cock.  Larry audibly panted.

Holly released the pressure from the dildo and waited a few moments.  
Bethany had been raptly observing.

Holly then unbuttoned Bethany's smock and let it open.  While Bethany 
was somewhat surprised by this, she took it in stride.

"Look at her delicious pussy!" Holly exclaimed while fingering 
Bethany's pubic hair.

"I'll bet she's been creaming from watching you.  Let's see..." Holly 
inserted a finger all the way into Bethany's pussy and probed around.  
Bethany's knees buckled slightly and she gave a sensuous moan.  Then 
Holly withdrew with an ample serving of her assistant's feminine 
lubricant glazing her finger.

"Mmmmmm, yes!" Holly exclaimed as she went over to Larry and showed 
him Bethany's juices close-up.

"I'll bet she tastes good, too."  She put her glazed finger in Larry's 
mouth and he enthusiastically sucked it clean as his arousal returned. 
 Holly inflated the dildo within Larry with a full squeeze, and then 
oiled her hands and resumed work on his raging erection.  Bethany 
stood and stared at the scene before her - with her lab smock open.

Larry grimaced as his arousal approached the orgasmic stage.  Holly 
kept working her hands efficiently, interspersing the strokes with 
sexy giggles.

Just as Larry cried out, "UHHHHH!" Holly's hands sprang away from his 
cock - she again exclaimed, "UH - OHHHH!" and collected the dribble of 
semen in the vial strapped to her waist.

Beads of sweat trickled down Larry's frustrated visage.  Holly 
deflated the dildo inside him and then stripped Bethany's lab coat 
completely off her.  She led Bethany closer to Larry and had her stand 
facing him.

As if on cue, Larry's erection and arousal returned.  Then Holly stood 
behind Bethany and placed the tips of her fingers on Bethany's 
breasts.  The woman startled as a flood of sensual feeling from her 
own milking session jolted her and coursed through her body.  
Bethany's arousal peaked in a short time as Holly gently stimulated 
her well-milked breasts.  She put her knees together, cupped her hands 
over her pussy, threw her head back and exclaimed raucously while 
involuntarily pumping her hips.

Larry's cock swayed with desire at the sensual show in front of him.

Holly pulled her own lab smock down to her waist, baring her breasts.  
Then she went over to Larry and fingered his testicles for a 
considerable while.  Both women took delight in his frustrated moans.  
Holly then oiled her hands again and very lightly stroked Larry's 
erect cock until it jerked with the first twitch of impending 
ejaculation.  She again collected the milked semen in her vial, and 
then placed the cock cage on Larry and released him.

For several days thereafter, Bethany, upon completion of her own 
breast milking session, accompanied Holly to Larry's cock milking 
appointments.  Holly always managed to find an excuse to strip Bethany 
bare and fondle her sensitive and well-milked breasts to a raucous 
climax in front of Larry.  Bethany frequently sat spread-legged on a 
short lab stool and jilled herself while she watched Holly expertly 
increase Larry's desperation.

Larry's final appointment was memorable.  He was repeatedly teased and 
brought to the brink of ejaculation by both Holly and Bethany, but was 
not milked.  Bethany delighted in stripping and making sensuous faces 
while very lightly touching Larry's cock and testicles.  She also 
touched him all over while Holly repeatedly stroked his throbbing 
member just short of ejaculation.

After nearly forty minutes of tormenting Larry, Holly smiled brightly 
and slowly stroked, keeping her eyes locked on Larry's.  She stroked 
and stroked, and continued when she felt him approaching the threshold 
of ejaculation.  Larry cried out loudly when he passed the point of no 
return.  Holly kept stroking, and the cock in her hand shot out pulse 
after pulse of semen.  Larry squirmed and pumped his hips as much as 
his restraints allowed.  Holly did not stop stroking until there was 
no more output.  Larry was drenched in sweat, and appeared very 
relaxed after his wild ejaculation.

Bethany was aroused beyond belief from the scene that day.  After 
Holly released Larry and gave him his payment, he was on his way.

"That was one hot session!" Bethany exclaimed to Holly.  "I've never 
had such a turn on as I've had from seeing you tease those guys till 
they're crazy."  She pressed her knees together.

Holly replied, "It's one of the things I enjoy the most.  I get so hot 
when I tie up my boyfriend and tease him to distraction before I let 
him cum."

Bethany was aroused when she left the clinic, and just as she got in 
her car her cell phone rang.  It was her friend Darla.

"Darla," Bethany exclaimed, "Where've you been? I've tried to get 
ahold of you for over two weeks!"

"I had to go to a training thing for work - didn't I mention it?"

"No!"

"Oh well.  Hey, you've GOT to tell me about your sessions at that 
clinic.  I'm kind of tired, so I'm sending out for a pizza - why don't 
you come over?"

"I'm on my way!"

Bethany and Darla exchanged hugs when they met, and Darla led her 
friend into the living room and sat beside her.

Darla put her hand on Bethany's bare knee and smiled.  "Now tell me 
everything!"

Bethany excitedly related her experience of her first session with 
Kendra, and how arousing it was.  As Darla nodded understandingly, 
Bethany went on to describe how she shamelessly brought herself off 
while being milked; than about the session with Holly, and how Holly 
tied her legs apart and then stuck her finger inside and wiggled it 
till she exploded in orgasm.

Darla's eyes widened with excitement.  Her hand crept up Bethany's 
thigh as the conversation went on.  Bethany described her 
participation in the milking sessions for Larry, and what a turn-on 
that was.

She talked in detail about that day's session with Larry, and how she 
participated in handling and teasing his frustrated boner.  Darla had 
one hand in her panties, and her other hand on Bethany's crotch near 
her pubic area.

"And then I took off my lab coat," Bethany related, "and stood in 
front of him.  I was completely naked, well, except for my shoes 
(giggle).  It felt good, knowing that he was powerless to do anything 
about his (giggle) thing!  I felt him looking at me with desire.  He 
wanted so much to have a good cum.  And then I went up to him and, you 
know, handled him there.  He kinda pumped, you know, back and forth, 
but I didn't get hold of him firmly enough so that he could get any 
good from that (giggle).  His thing was so big and hard.  Then I kind 
of lightly tickle-touched him on his balls.  That drove him crazy! 
(giggle)"

Bethany's chest rose and fell with her aroused breathing.  She looked 
in Darla's eyes, and then pulled her face to hers and they exchanged a 
long sensuous kiss.  Then Darla led Bethany by the hand to her bed.  
They hurriedly undressed, and got on the bed.  After another intense 
kiss, Darla wrestled Bethany underneath her and straddled her.  Then 
she pinched and tweaked Bethany's hardened nipples until she cried out 
and squirmed under her.  Darla kept going and after a few moments 
Bethany exclaimed with a raucous open-mouthed orgasm.

Darla giggled and said, "They were sensitive, weren't they?"

Bethany giggled and said, "Oh my gosh, I'm so hot!" and forcefully 
maneuvered Darla underneath her and pinned her down.  Then she nibbled 
on Darla's breasts, sometimes not very gently.  Darla squirmed and 
moaned under her.  After a few moments of this, Bethany got between 
Darla's legs and inserted her finger into her friend's now-dripping 
pussy.  With her other hand she jilled her friend until she pumped her 
hips wildly in orgasm.

"Hey Bethany," Darla said after they had a chance to calm down, "Let's 
get my boyfriend over here sometime and tie him up and both of us milk 
him like you said goes on at the clinic?"

"Oh, wow!  Yes!  And we can do some girl-girl stuff in front of him 
too!  When?"

"Tomorrow afternoon, okay?'

They both giggled.


-----<br>
This story is copyright 2004 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com).  All rights 
reserved.  No reposting without permission.
