Author: mypenname3000
Title: Corrupted by the Naughty Diary Chapter Nineteen: Naughty Mommy Helps Her Confused Daughter
Summary: A naughty mommy helps her daughter discover her sexuality.
Keywords: Ff MFf Mf Fsolo mc inc oral facial creampie anal

Copywrite 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to Kirrocen for the idea and for beta reading this story! If you liked this story, join my discord to vote and pitch your own! https://discord.gg/CxJgq4Cdqy

Kristen panted, coming down from the high of her orgasm from writing her last story when a new one popped into her mind about her sister and her mother. The naughty girl is eager to pen some lezzie incest. After all, the only other people home were her mother and her older sister Sheila.

And I haven't been writing enough about Sheila, Kristen thought as she headed back to her desk to write the next story.

She was in the middle of the journal. She had been in the middle of the journal for a while without realizing she wasn't coming any closer to filling it up. She lifted her pen and remembered how she started Sheila down a road of questioning her sexuality.

That was perfect. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sheila Miller

I sat at my desk, taking a break from my homework. I stretched my back, my thoughts drifting back to Ms. Franchella, the photographer. How she had seduced me, eaten my pussy, and I had eaten hers. I had never done anything with a girl, let alone a full-grown woman.

A MILF.

Was I gay?

I was starting to think so. It had been so wild. Way better than my tepid experiences with my last two boyfriends. I wasn't even dating. I was more focused on school. What was the point in dating if I wasn't getting anything out of it?
But it wasn't my classmates I was 
into. Not the girls at my school. No, no, it was the older women I craved. Ms. Waters in the library or Ms. August, my social studies teacher. Mrs. Jules who taught English was so gorgeous. Mrs. Donean the school's nurse caught my eye once or twice. And I couldn't leave out Mrs. Green, the pastor's wife.

She was so hot.

But she wouldn't be gay. She was the pastor's wife for Pete's sake.

A soft knock rapped on the door. 

Oh, hey, Mom, I said as the door opened. 

Mom poked her head in, her blonde hair spilling around her face. She was home, but Dad wasn't. He was still out selling. He was a great salesman while Mom made low-budget horror films. It was a special sort of family.

What's up? I asked.

Just making sure you're not studying too hard, she said. There's more to life than being cooped up in your room. You should be out having fun.

You don't say that to Kristen, I said.

Your sister is... different. Mom shook her head. That girl lives in her head writing those stories in her room. But you... You don't have to push yourself so hard. You have great grades.

I'm not pushing myself too hard, I said.

Got a date for Friday or Saturday?

No, Mom, I said. I have better things to do than have a boy fumble for my panties. I wanted it to be a sexy woman. A MILF. Oh, I wished there was a MILF who would just crawl beneath my desk and eat my pussy, but the only woman in the house was Mom.

None of our neighbors were MILFs. I was too scared to make a pass at a teacher. I didn't know what to do about this infatuation for older women. Mom closed the door. I looked down at the textbook for my social studies class, my thoughts full of the busty and blonde Ms. August. 

I couldn't think of anything but her as I tired to study for the upcoming test. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sheila can't focus on homework. She has the hots for our Mom. Our Mom is the ultimate MILF. Incest is what makes her that. She's not just any mother Sheila would love to fuck. She's Sheila's mother.

That makes Mom the ultimate prize.

The ultimate object of desire for the burgeoning lesbian. Sheila has to know if she's gay. She has to find out if its MILFs she loves. She can't wait any longer. It's just her and Mom. I didn't count. Everyone knows I just stay in my room writing. Sheila knows I won't interfere.

This is her best chance to seduce our mother. She's going to take it. So she throws down her pencil, her pussy on fire, and heads on out. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sheila Miller

I just couldn't focus on my social studies test. I couldn't think of anything but Mom. She was just so hot. So sexy. The ultimate MILF. She gave birth to me. That made her a true mother. My mother. I licked my lips. Screw the others.

Ms. August. Ms. Waters. Mrs. Greene. None of them held a candle to my blonde and sexy mother.

I threw down my pencil and rose, my pussy on fire. I had to do this. I had to seduce her. I had no idea how. I would figure it out as I threw open my door. I passed Kristen's room on the way to the stairs. She wouldn't come out of there. She was in her own world writing her stories.

Tame stuff, I was certain. I doubted Kristen even knew she had a pussy between her legs.

I reached downstairs and found Mom sitting down in a bathrobe watching TV. She hit pause on Outlanders. She loved re-watching the show. She smiled at me as I strode to her, my pussy burning hot. My boobs jiggled in my tank top. I had a pair of shorts. I was dressed comfortably.

Decided to take a break after all? Mom asked. I noticed her bare feet, her toes curling. 

Yeah, I said, inspiration bursting in me. I knew how I could seduce my mother. A wave of heat rushed through me. She was so gorgeous. Can I give you a foot rub?

Mom's eyebrows drew down in suspicion. What do you want?

A flutter of guilt and fright washed through me. Did she know? I can't just give my mother a foot rub? I asked as I dropped to my knees before her. I grabbed her foot and lifted it. What's so weird about that.

A, you're my child. B, you're wanting to do something nice for me. C, that means you want something from me. Mom arched an eyebrow. Well, what is it?

I just want to do something nice for you, I protested, my fingers rubbing at her feet. My cheeks burned as she stared at me. That's all.

Right, right, Mom said. Well, if you do a good enough job, I just might be up for saying yes to anything.

I so wanted to hear that.

I rubbed her foot. She groaned, her legs spreading. Her purple bathrobe was tied loosely. The fabric draped over her thighs. I glanced up and froze at what I saw. Her pussy. I could see her twat. Not only that, Mom shaved.

I shuddered at the sight of her pussy. It beckoned me as I rubbed her leg. Mom closed her eyes, sighing softly. She was in heaven here. Not paying attention to what I was doing. That was just perfect. I licked my lip as I stared at her siren snatch.

She had thick folds and not a tight slit like me. Her pink folds blossomed like the petals of a gorgeous flower. All those jokes about O'Keeffe painting pussies and not flowers really made sense to me as I stared at Mom's snatch.

I had to feast on her. I had to get closer to her.

I slid my hands up her calves now. I loved the feel of kneading her legs. I was so glad that Britney was having a rare sleepover at Noriko's house instead of Noriko coming over here. My brother was out on a date with both his girlfriends. Dad was working late. Just Mom and me.

Kristen didn't count at all. She was hardly a person. More a wraith that I barely noticed coming and going.

I worked my hands higher and higher up Mom's legs. I passed her knees to her thighs. She groaned louder, spreading her legs wider. Her pussy lips parted more. I could see into her pink depths. Juices beaded along them. The sweet musk of her pussy filled my nose. How delicious.

My mouth watered as my hands worked up her thighs. I was closer and closer, leaning forward. My sandy-blonde hair spilled around my face. My big boobs jiggled in my tank top, no bra to constrain them. I was so close to Mom. I just had to lean forward and bury

Mom's eyes opened. What are you doing, Sheila?

I froze, my heart leaping up into my throat. I didn't know what to do or say as she stared down at me. Her eyes bored into me. I swallowed as I didn't know what to say or what to do. I was busted. How could I play this off?

Mother smiled. It was a strange one. Naughty. Confusing. I thought you were straight, but if you want to seduce your mother... 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mother knows exactly what Sheila needs because Mom has known Sheila is gay and has the hots for her. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sheila Miller

I knew you are gay, and I knew that you wanted to seduce me, Mom purred as she opened her robe. I knelt there, heart pounding. I know exactly what you're doing and exactly what you need.

Mom? I whimpered as she revealed her big breasts to me. They were so large and soft topped by her suckable nipples. I licked my lips, hypnotized by them. This was so insane. 

Mommy always knows what her little girl needs, purred Mom. You might be my firstborn, but you're still my baby girl.

Mom grabbed my sandy-blonde hair and yanked my head down into her pussy.

Yes, yes, you need some mommy snatch to feast upon! moaned Mom. Just a naughty lesbian into MILFs! Feast!

It was everything I wanted. Her sweet juices spilled past my lips as she ground my face into the thick folds of her pussy. A wave of delight swept through me. I shuddered, licking at her pussy. I stroked through her folds, lapping at her with all that I had.

She moaned as I did that. She shuddered, loving the feel of my tongue stroking through her folds. I licked and lapped at her. It was a wonderful delight to finally devour my mother after weeks of dreaming about this. Of burning for it.

Ever since that day, I devoured the photographer's snatch, I wanted this.

Oh, that's it, purred Mom. Mmm, eat Mommy's pussy. Just lick away. Such a good girl. Oh, yes, you want to make Mommy cum. So good. Mommy will always have her pussy ready for her baby girl to eat. Unless Daddy is using it. He does have to cum first, but you can cum second. Mom giggled wickedly.

Did she use the naughty homonym of come?

I wanted to make her cum. I wanted to lick and lap at her. I wanted to make her burst in pleasure. I shuddered. I lapped at her with such intensity. I stroked through her folds, loving the feel of her pussy on my mouth. She groaned as I licked and lapped at her. I loved feasting on her. She tasted so good.

I thrust my tongue into her pussy, her lips rubbing on my face. She moaned as I swirled around in her. I stroked through her with all that I had, wanting to make her gasp and moan. I wanted to make her cum. It was just a delicious treat to devour her like that.

She groaned, her thighs squeezing around my head. She trembled through the rapture as I feasted on her. I licked at her with all that I had. I stroked my tongue through her folds, enjoying every last second of this delight. It was so much fun to lick at her twat. 

Oh, oh, oh, she gasped. Mmm, that's it. Feast on Mommy's pussy! You're going to drown in Mommy's cunt cream!

Yes, Mommy, I moaned. I want that. You taste so good!

Mom shuddered as I licked at her pussy again. I slipped into her cunt and swirled around in her snatch. I danced around in her twat. I stroked her silky walls. She moaned, her big boobs bouncing. Her gorgeous face twisted in delight.

It was such a perfect rush to lick and lap at her folds. I stroked up to her clit. I knew this would make her go wild. I couldn't wait to do that to her. I wanted to have her gasping and moaning out in delight. 

She would squeal out with such passion.

Oh, Mommy loves that, she groaned, her back arching. Her big boobs heaved.

I loved watching them jiggle as I nibbled on her clit with my soft lips.

Yes, yes, that's what you need! she moaned. Her hand gripped the back of my head. Just feast on Mommy's pussy. That's what you crave! Oh, yes, yes, make Mommy cum!

I suckled hard on her clit. I stroked over her bud. I wanted to make her just explode. She trembled, her head tossing back and forth as I pleasured her. This was the moment. I had her on the verge of cumming. I would drown in her motherly juices.

I came from this wondrous hole. This woman brought me into this world. I loved it. I swirled my tongue around her clit. I loved how she gasped and bucked. Her head tossed from side to side. Her hands grabbed her tits.

Oh, Sheila, yes! squealed Mom.

Her sweet juices gushed out.

I made her cum.

I made my mother climax hard. She bucked on the could as I licked up her pussy juices. I loved it. I was so glad to do that. I was so happy to give her this bliss. My pussy burned as I licked and lapped up all the cream spilling out of Mom's pussy.

She moaned, tossing her head from side to side as I stroked through her folds. I licked and lapped at her snatch with all that I had. She tossed her head from side to side. Her boobs bounced and heaved. She squealed out in delight. 

Oh, yes, yes! she gasped.

Mommy! I moaned.

She trembled and collapsed on the couch. She panted, her big boobs rising and falling. She closed her eyes, shuddering through her delight. I licked at her folds. I stroked my tongue through them, so glad to make her feel so good. 

Oh, wow, that was amazing, she panted, staring at me with such heat in her eyes. Mmm, you really made me explode.

I know, Mommy, I purred.

She sat up and shrugged off her robes. She reached down and ripped up my tank top. My big breasts spilled out. She cupped my teenage titties, kneading them. I shuddered as she pushed me back. She licked her lips, so eager to devour me. 

I stretched out on my back, my heart pounding. This was it. Mom was it. Mom was going to feast on me. I was so ready for it. So eager to feast on me. To bury her face into my snatch and tongue me. I wanted that so badly.

She grabbed my shorts and ripped them down my legs, leaving me in my sea-green panties soaked in my juices. She smiled down at me, her eyes burning hot. She drew those off next, revealing my trimmed bush. 

Mmm, Mommy will make you cum so hard, she purred.

Oh, yes, she moaned and buried her face into my furred muff. She licked at my twat.

I gasped as she stroked her tongue through my folds. She lapped at me with all her motherly love. She stroked through my folds as I shuddered on my back. My heart pounded a mile a minute as I enjoyed what she did to me.

Mommy knew just what I needed. It was so wonderful that I had this wonderful woman licking and lapping at me. My entire body quivered in delight as she stroked her tongue through my folds and brushed my clit.

Mommy! I gasped.

Yes, yes, your mommy knows just what you need, she purred.

She licked at me again. And again. She stroked her tongue through my folds. I gasped as she licked my twat again. It was incredible having her flick her tongue over my clit again. She stroked that bud with such delight.

I whimpered as she did that. It was just so hot having her do that. Just so wild having her feast on me. I shuddered at the feel of her doing that to me. I tossed my head from side to side, savoring every last second.

Oh, Mommy! I moaned as she thrust her tongue into my pussy.

My big boobs bounced. Mom stared up my body as she watched my big titties jiggle. I had inherited her beauty. Did my tongue feel so good when I ate her pussy as hers did when she ate my cunt? Because her tongue was awesome.

She reached so deep into me. She swirled around in me. I loved her doing that to me. This was an incredible moment. I quivered, my cunt clenching down on my mother's tongue. She feasted on me with all that she had. 

She knew what she was doing to me. It was wondrous having her stroke her tongue through my folds again and again. She flicked up and down my folds before plunging into my snatch. My back arched as she wiggled around in me.

Mommy!

Mmm, cum for your mommy, she cooed.

Yes, yes, I will!

I would. Her tongue felt amazing on my pussy. She swelled the delight in me. I rose toward my orgasm as she licked and lapped at me. My entire body quivered as I rose and rose toward that moment when I would burst.

I would just explode on her. I groaned, savoring every second of her tongue stirring through my pussy. She lapped at me with force. She stroked around me, making me shiver in delight. She stroked her tongue up to my clit.

She nibbled on it.

I shuddered, the sparks showering through my pussy. My big boobs jiggled as Mommy brought me closer and closer to cumming. She was so good at this. She was an expert at pussy licking. I could feel that. She was awesome at it.

Mommy! I moaned as she nibbled on my clit. Oh, yes, yes, Mommy!

I climaxed.

I bucked on the floor and drowned my mother in pussy cream. All my juices gushed out of me and drowned my mother. I quivered there, loving every wonderful second of the delight sweeping through me. It was absolutely delicious.

Amazing.

I shuddered, my thighs squeezing about her face, holding Mommy to my pussy as I rode the bliss through my lesbian orgasm. It was so wonderful to cum on my mother's mouth. This was just incredible. I whimpered, my tits heaving.

Mommy! Mommy! I gasped. Yes, yes, this is what I need! I'm definitely gay!

Mom licked at my folds. She stroked her tongue through my folds. That felt so delicious. I loved her caresses. They were so delicious as my orgasm peaked in me. I smiled from ear to ear, loving this passion sweeping through me.

So you're definitely gay, Mom said, lifting her face. Have you ever been with a man?

I've been with my boyfriends, I said.

Emphasis on boys, Mom purred. I asked if you'd been with any men?

I suppose not. But I'm definitely gay. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mom calls dad. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sheila Miller

Why would you call Dad? I asked.

Because he's waiting for my call, Mom said. Like I didn't see this coming. I created the perfect situation for you to finally act, but your father just wants to make sure you're truly gay. Maybe you're just bisexual like me. He's going to have fuck you hard.

What? I gasped.

The door opened and my father stepped in wearing only a trench coat. He opened it to reveal his muscular and handsome figure. He was far hunkier than any of my past boyfriends. None of them had ever been able to live up to this stud with that cock.

My jaw dropped at the sight of him. No wonder Mom squealed like a whore in the bedroom if he was packing that. He was immense. I shuddered, my eyes bulging from how big and thick he was. There was so much to his cock.

Just so much girth and length.

So sure you're gay now? Mom asked, smiling at me. I know my daughters. Come here, I'm sure you'll love sucking on him as much as Britney does.

What? Shock rippled through me. My little sister blew daddy?

Yeah, don't be surprised when she's pregnant. Your father's already knocked up her friend, Noriko.

I was stunned by these words as Mom crawled across the floor to where Dad waited. He didn't come to us. Oh, no, he wanted us to crawl to him. That sent his crazy heat washing through me. I did that. I crawled to my father, my big boobs jiggling.

I couldn't believe this. I was actually... excited by this. A wave of heat rushed through me as I reached him. His cock twitched before me. Mom grabbed it and moaned like a wanton whore as she licked the precum up beading at the slit of his dick.

Come on, honey, Mom said. Mmm, your daddy is waiting for you to love his cock, too.
I squirmed and nodded. I leaned forward and licked Daddy's cock. I shuddered at the salty flavor of the precum I gathered from his slit. This was so different from Mom's sweetness. I quivered. I had sucked a dick a few times.

Small ones that I wanted to spit out the moment I swallowed them, but... I found myself drawn to Daddy's cock. My lips kissed his tip before sliding over his girth. A wave of heat rushed through me. I shuddered at how delicious this was.

It was exciting to suckle on him. To nurse on my Daddy's big dick like Mommy did.
I bobbed my head, working my lips up and down his cock as my big boobs swung back and forth. They slapped together. This was so wild. I couldn't believe I was really doing this. It was so hot. He groaned as I nursed on him. 

I suckled and slurped on him with all that I had. He growled down at me. I reveled in his manly visage. He stroked his hand through my hair. I loved it. This was nothing like those boys. This was something amazing.

No wonder my relationships never lasted.

I didn't want boys. I wanted men. Men and MILFs. Daddy and Mommy.

That's it, he growled as I suckled on him. But your mother wants to suckle, too.

Yes, yes, please share with me, Mommy moaned. I know you're doing a better job, but I need to suckle on him, too. Please, please, let me. I'm worthless, but I have to enjoy him.

What was Mom babbling about?

I ripped my mouth off his cock. Mom swallowed him. She suckled hard, her body quivering. Daddy groaned and slid his hand through her blonde hair. He smiled down at her as she suckled on his cock.

Come on, he growled. Your daughter did a better job than that. You've been sucking my dick longer than she's alive.

Daddy! I gasped in shock as Mom moaned and suckled harder.

Your mother's a cuckqueen, Daddy said. She gets off on being belittled and told she's worse than my lovers. She's so wet right now.

Really, Mom? I asked.

Mom popped her mouth off Daddy's cock and moaned, Yes, yes, I'm such a worthless cunt. I'm lucky your daddy puts up with me when he could fuck younger whores. His own daughters. Oh, he fucks them all the time. Women on the road. Porn starlets on my set. Your sister. On the train! Suck his dick! Give him real pleasure!

Wow, Mom was fucked up.

I swallowed Daddy's cock, loving having his dick in my mouth. I suckled hard on him. He groaned as I did that. His face twisted with pleasure as I worked my mouth up and down his cock. I suckled on him with force. I loved nursing on him like this. It was just a perfect rush to suckle on him.

He groaned as I did that. I suckled and slurped on him as I stared up at him with such burning heat in my eyes. He groaned as I loved him. It was so much fun sucking on his cock like that. I felt like such a naughty, depraved whore.

A wicked daughter loving her daddy's cock with all her might.

Shit, he groaned as I suckled on him.

I ripped my mouth off and handed him over to Mom. You can do it, Mom! You're amazing!

I'm not, Mom moaned. I'm a worthless slut! Your daddy can do so much better than me.
Mom swallowed his cock a moment later, sucking with such passion. She put far, far more effort into her sucking. Daddy groaned. I knew he felt it. He didn't think she was worthless. He just... gave her what she wanted. 

That was what a man did.

I shuddered, my daddy so hunky. First I had fallen in love with Mommy, now I was in love with Daddy, too. This was such a wild day. My cunt dripped juices as Mommy suckled on his cock. She bobbed her head, sucking and slurping on him.

She loved him with everything she had, her blonde hair spilling around her cheeks. Daddy groaned, enjoying what she did to him. It was hot to watch. I loved it, my cunt on fire. I wanted to suckle him.

My turn, Mommy! I moaned.

She ripped her mouth off, gasping, Yes, yes, you suckle on him! I'm such a worthless whore! Pleasure your hunky daddy!

I swallowed Daddy's cock, wanting to pleasure the hunk. He was so sexy. So handsome and amazing. My cunt burned hot as I nursed on him. The salty flavor of his precum spilled over my tongue. This was amazing. My desires had whiplashed all over the place.

Confused. Certainly gay. No, one hundred percent bi. It was so strange how they shifted, but that was okay because it let me blow my daddy. I was having so much fun working my mouth up and down his cock. I wanted him to fire all that cum into my mouth. That would just be amazing.

I nursed on him with all that I had. He snarled, his face twisting in delight. I knew I was bringing him closer and closer to that bursting point. He would fire all his cum into my mouth. Just flood me with that hot spunk.

Mmm, don't hog him, purred Mom. Your daddy likes cumming on women's faces.
I ripped my mouth off and gasped, Oh, my god, Mom, that's I can't believe that. Isn't it degrading?

Wonderfully so, she moaned. Look at him. Your daddy wants to mark his territory and jizz all over our faces, and we're going to let him because we want to be marked by him.

Mom swallowed his cock as I shuddered. God, she was right. Mom really did know what I want. I licked my lips and stared up at Daddy. He grinned down at us. He had such a cocky look in his expression. He really was going to jizz all over us.

Mom bobbed her head faster. She worked her mouth up and down his cock, sucking on him with all that she had. It was an incredible treat to watch that moment. She moaned around his dick, her drool running down her chin.

Do you want to jizz on our faces, Daddy? I asked, staring up at him.

He grinned.

I shuddered and whimpered, Then you have to, Daddy! You have to jizz all over our faces!

He winked at me as Mom kept sucking oh him. She nursed with all her might on his dick. It was wild to watch her do that. Just a wicked thing to watch. She suckled on him hard. I knew Daddy must be rising to the bursting point.

Mom suckled hard on him. Her cheeks hollowed. She was such a naughty woman. I loved this so much. I wiggled my hips back and forth As Mommy suckled on his dick. She nursed with all her might on him. 

He threw back his head, snarling his pleasure. He was getting closer to cumming. Close to bursting. He would flood her mouth with all his spunk. She nursed harder on him. She suckled with all her might on him.

Then she ripped her mouth off and gasped, Cum on our faces, honey! 

Yes, yes, Daddy, cum all over us! I whimpered, pressing my cheek against Mommy's. I stared at his cock as she fisted him.

My two sluts, Daddy growled. Yes!

He erupted.

His cum spurted all over my face. He showered me with his jizz. It was amazing having his cum erupting over and over from his dick. It was just a delight feeling his hot spunk splashing over my features.

I opened my mouth and caught his salty spunk. He tasted sooooo much better than my boyfriend's. I caught as much of his jizz onto my tongue as I could, but he fired more of his spunk onto my face. He hosed me down with his passion.

Hosed us both down.

My big boobs bounced and heaved with this delight. I loved this so much. I savored this wonderful pleasure rushing over me. He groaned as he erupted into my mouth again and again. He spurted all his spunk over my features.

I was so happy he did that. He coated my face with so much spunk. I loved every second of it. I was so happy to have him do that. I enjoyed every last second of this delight. Daddy erupted one last time, firing a final spurt of his jizz.

That's it, he groaned. My little girl is a cock-sucking whore. She's definitely your daughter. Now lick her clean!

Yes, honey, Mom moaned and licked at my cheek.

I shuddered as her tongue bathed my face. She was so greedy for Daddy's cum. It was delicious feeling that wet appendage slathering over my cheeks and forehead. She went everywhere the cum went. Well, most everywhere.

The jizz dripped onto my breasts. I loved feeling his cum running over my tits. Daddy grinned down at me as Mom cleaned me up. I licked my lips, gathering up more of the spunk. My pussy was on fire. My eyes flicked to Daddy's cock.

I stared at that big, throbbing shaft. I wanted that fleshy rod fucking my pussy. He was so much bigger than those losers I had dated. That was the sort of man I wanted to fuck. I wanted his dick ramming into me right now.

I craved it so much.

I shuddered here as Daddy grinned down at me. He knew what I wanted. What I was so horny for. My entire body quivered in delight as he grinned from ear to ear. Mom finished licking me clean and leaned back, her face covered in spunk.

Still think you're gay? Mom asked.

For MILFs, I moaned. But I'm so straight for men. For Daddy!

Prove it, Daddy said, this cocky gleam in his eyes. Like he knew it didn't matter how gay I might be for women. He was a man, and every woman craved him.

I stretched onto my back and spread my legs wide. Mom watched, her tongue licking up the jizz dripping down her face. She shoved her hand between her thighs and found her pussy. She thrust a pair of fingers into her cunt.

Fuck that tight, young pussy so hard, honey, Mom moaned. Ooh, ooh, you just know she's going to be tighter than I ever was!

Oh, yes, Daddy growled.

I shuddered at those words. This was so wild. I couldn't believe this was happening. My heart hammered a mile a minute in my chest as Daddy grinned down at me. He looked so hungry for me. So ready to fuck me.

I shuddered as he dropped to his knees. His cock bobbed before him. That big dick would plow into my cunt. He would fuck me with it so hard and fast. He would make me howl with his big dick until I squealed my pretty, little head off.

That was just what I wanted. 

Daddy, I whimpered as he aimed his cock right for my pussy. I shivered at the intensity in his eyes. He was so ready to fuck me hard. I shuddered as he nuzzled his dick into my pussy lips. Yes, yes, show me how a man fucks his daughter!

He grinned from ear to ear and did just that. He slammed his cock into my pussy. I groaned as he stretched me out. That was perfect. Just an amazing delight to feel. A wonderful treat to have his cock plowing to the hilt in me. 

Oh, Daddy! I gasped as his big and thick shaft filled me up. My back arched, my big boobs jiggling. I wrapped my legs around his waist, holding him as my pussy squeezed about that mighty shaft. That's what I need!

Yes, it is, he said, a big smile on his lips. That is exactly what you need.

It is, Daddy, I moaned.

Ooh, ooh, is her cunt tighter than mine? asked Mommy, her fingers frigging her pussy. I bet it is. Tighter. Hotter. Silkier. Ooh, fuck her young cunt, honey! Pound her pussy hard and fast!

Mom is such a cuckqueen-slut, I groaned. Mmm, but fuck me so hard, Daddy! I want to feel a real man pounding me!

He winked at me and drew back his cock. A shiver ran through me. I trembled as he buried his dick to the hilt in my pussy. His nuts slapped into my taint. It was amazing having him fucking me. His thick shaft pumped away at me.

His strong hands cupped my big breasts. He kneaded my lush mounds as he thrust over and over into me. He plowed into me with all that he had. I shuddered, squeezing my snatch down on him as he buried into me over and over again.

Mmm, yes, yes, her tits are firmer than mine, too, she moaned. No sagging milkers. Firm, young titties for you to enjoy!

So fucking firm, Daddy grunted as he hammered my cunt. His nuts slapped into me. I loved the feel of his balls cracking into my taint again and again. This was wonderful.

I shuddered as he fucked me with such passion. He buried into me over and over again. He knew what he was doing to me. I shuddered, loving the feel of him pumping away at me. He plowed deep into me.

I shuddered, savoring his thick dick plunging into me. He stretched me out so wonderfully. I rose toward that amazing moment when I would cum. I gasped and moaned as Daddy fucked me hard. He buried into me with all that he had.

I shuddered, my snatch gripping him. The heat swelled in me. This wonderful pressure grew in my pussy. I hurtled toward that amazing moment of climax. I would have a huge one. A big burst of delight. I couldn't wait for it to explode out of me.

Daddy! I whimpered as he buried into me.

Yes, yes, that's it, he growled, his big dick slamming into me. Isn't that great? Ooh, my little girl has such a tight pussy!

So tight and young and hot! Mom whimpered, her big breasts jiggling as she frigged her pussy. Cum on your daddy's cock. He deserves to have an amazing pussy spasming around his dick!

Yes, Mommy! I whimpered. He does! My young, tight cunt! Ooh, ooh, Daddy!

I trembled as he fucked me. His cock plowed into me again and again. I rose toward my climax. Mom watched on. It was so hot having her do that. She bit her lower lip as she watched me. It was hot. I shuddered, trembling toward that bursting point.

I squirmed on my back, Daddy massaging my tits. He squeezed them with his big hands as he buried into me with all that he had. I knew he plowed into me, not holding back one bit. He wanted to make me howl.

He thrust into me. I gasped, my back arching. This was it. I was so close. I couldn't take much more of this. I whimpered as he plowed to the hilt in me. His heavy nuts slapped into my taint. They brimmed with his cum. If I got pregnant, it could ruin my chance to go to a prestigious college. 

Daddy! I moaned. Daddy, please, please, cum in me.

It turned out, I didn't care. I just wanted him to spurt all that spunk into me. I wanted all his jizz spurting into my snatch. He groaned and buried into me with all that he had. He slammed to the hilt in me. I burst in rapture.

Daddy! I gasped.

Sheila! he growled and erupted.

His hot cum spurted into my pussy. He flooded my twat with all his jizz. I shuddered, my entire body quivering through this delight. It was so wild having all this pleasure surging through me. Waves of incestuous passion splashed against my mind.

You naughty whore! gasped Mommy. Yes, yes, just cum on his cock! Ooh, ooh, worship him with that amazing snatch! Yes!

Mom ripped her fingers out of her cunt and gushed juices. I saw the cream spurting from her cunt as I bucked on my back. My twat writhed around Daddy's dick. I suckled at him, working out all that cum that he had in his heavy balls.

I wanted him to spurt it all into me. I craved having all his jizz flooding my pussy. This was incredible. I loved it so much. I shuddered through all this rapture. My cunt rippled around Daddy's dick, milking out his cum.

Shit, shit, Sheila, Daddy grunted as he filled my pussy with his seed.

I shuddered as he erupted one last time into me. He filled my pussy up with all his cum. That was just an amazing moment. I shuddered, so glad to have all his jizz in me. A big smile spread on my lips. I felt so good about this.

Just so amazing.

Daddy ripped out of me and Mommy licked her lips. She fell onto her back, whimpering and twitching as her orgasm spilled through her. Daddy smiled down at me, his cock dripping in my pussy cream. His eyes roamed over my body.

Go sit on your mother's face, he said. Drown her in my cum as I fuck your ass.

Yes, Daddy! I gasped.

Yummy, whimpered Mom. You're spoiling me, honey. Letting me lick your cum out of our daughter's better snatch. Ooh, lucky me!

I crawled to Mom, my big boobs jiggling. I straddled her, staring down into her eyes as I lowered my pussy to her face. The cum dripped out of me before I reached her mouth. She moaned when my cunt kissed her. She licked me right away.

I gasped at her tongue stroking through my folds. Daddy moved in behind me. He straddled Mom and pressed his wet cock into my butt-crack. This was about to happen. He was going to butt-fuck me. That was so wild. I loved it so much. 

Daddy! I moaned as he drilled against my sphincter. I had never done anal before, but a man wanted to fuck my assholemy hunky Daddy wanted to enjoy my backdoorso I would let him. Do it! Fuck me in the ass!

Yes, Mom moaned into my snatch and licked my cunt.

Daddy thrust with power. My tight, virginal asshole stood no chance. My sphincter burned as he stretched me open and popped into my bowels. I groaned as he sank into me. I loved his big dick working into my pussy. That was amazing.

I shuddered here as more and more of his cock penetrated into my bowels. There was so much of him entering me. I quivered here, loving what he did to me. This was so wild. I loved him working deeper and deeper into my bowels.

Daddy! I moaned as he bottomed out in me. His cock nuzzled into my taint. Oh, Daddy, yes, yes, that's so good!

He grabbed my breasts as he drew back his mighty cock. Mommy lapped at my sloppy pussy, lapping out Daddy's cum from my snatch. I shuddered, savoring his thick dick drawing back further and further. My bowels clenched on him.

He grunted and thrust back into me. He buried his dick into my asshole. He plowed away at my asshole as I squirmed on Mommy's mouth. Her tongue fluttered through my folds, gathering up all the cum she could find.

She liked and lapped at me with all her passion.

Oh, Mommy! I moaned. Daddy! Yes, yes!

Mmm, Mommy purred, licking at my pussy.

Suck a fucking tight ass, Daddy growled, hammering my bowels with his big dick.

I shuddered, his fingers digging into my tits as he fucked my bowels with all that he had. He buried into me with force. I shuddered at the way he plowed into me. It was just pure rapture to have him fucking me like that. 

I squeezed my asshole down on him, swelling the pressure in my pussy. The heat fed my building orgasm. As did Mom's naughty tongue. I clenched my snatch, forcing more of the cum to pour into her wanton mouth.

She purred her appreciation.

I shuddered as she licked at me again and again. Daddy pounded me hard and fast. I gasped and moaned, filling the living room with my passion. Mommy's tongue flicked to my clit. She stroked over my bud.

Mommy! I gasped, my asshole clamping down on Daddy's cock.

Yes, yes, you got such a tight and hot ass, honey! Daddy grunted, burying his dick into my bowels. Shit, that's good!

Thank you, Daddy! I whimpered, Mommy suckling on my clit.

She nursed on me as I rose toward my orgasm. I couldn't take this delight much longer. It was wonderful having this awesome heat in me. I trembled as Daddy fucked me hard. He buried to the hilt in my anal sheath.

Mom suckled on my clit just as Daddy buried into my asshole. I squealed in delight, my orgasm bursting through me. I loved the heat exploding through me. My anal sheath convulsed around Daddy's cock as my pussy juices flooded Mommy's mouth.

Oh, yes, yes, Mommy! I moaned, the pleasure washing through me. That's so good! Daddy!
Fuck! he snarled, squeezing my tits as he buried into my asshole. He erupted.

His hot cum spurted into my bowels. He pumped blast after blast of cum into my anal sheath. I whimpered, savoring that amazing delight spurting into my asshole over and over again. It was just an incredible moment. Stars flashed across my vision.

I grunted with each blast of cum that spurted into my bowels. It was wondrous. To have all that cum spurting into my anal sheath. A wave of heat rushed through me. It was just so great. I felt so amazing. Just so wondrous.

My orgasm peaked in me as Daddy pumped the last of his cum into me. Mommy purred into my pussy, licking at my snatch. It was all so delicious. I was so happy. I quivered there, a big smile on my lips. I wasn't confused at all.

Because I wasn't straight or gay. I was bi for my Mommy and Daddy! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sheila knows only Mom and Dad can satiate her. So she'll be sleeping in their room from now on.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kristen masturbated hard after writing that story and came with passion. She could hear her parents downstairs. Dad was home. Sheila was really in her bedroom being a good girl studying to get into a great college. 

Kristen didn't know what her next story would be. Though she did remember Mom mentioning an exchange student was going to be staying with them next week. Maybe there would be a story there. Kristen would have to wait for inspiration to strike her.

Then she would pen her next naughty tale.

To be continued...
