*

It takes the better part of a week to sort out a new deal with Ba'al for information but thanks to Daniel's clever negotiation and Sam's wonderful restraint in the area of not punching him in the face, they manage.

And to celebrate a job well done, Cam is treating himself to an evening at his favorite dining establishment. The food was good, but the service was exemplary - and Vala always offered dessert. He walks in the door with a smile on his face.

Vala walks towards a table, a dish in each hand and up her arms. She kept perfect balance as she made it to the table and is able to slide all the plates into the right spot and in front of the right diner.

"And you had the patty melt," she says finally, handing the plate over to the last diner. "Can I get you anything else?" She looks to all the patrons but no one says anything. With a nod she turns away and stops when she spots Cam near the door.

"Need a table? Or were you just looking for something to go?" She asks him, giving him a wink as she comes over.

"Well, I wouldn't mind food, but the smell of the blue plate special isn't what lured me in the door..." He smiles at her, walking over and, after a quick glance to ensure that neither Betty nor Sal are around, gives her a kiss.

Unfortunately, he doesn't look closely enough. There's the sound of a throat clearing and Betty says, "Val,order up."

Vala isn't embarrassed at all. She cracks her gum and winks again at Cam. "Come on, sit down and grab a plate. Stay for a while." She turns to walk past him and head to the back of the diner to grab her order, on her way she slaps Cam's arse, feeling frisky and happy. Her ship is fixed and she has found a supply of naquadah and her guy has come over and she will be getting some tonight; Vala feels she has every right to be excited.

Cam jumps a little when she slaps his ass. He can see Betty laughing at him - she doesn't try to be quiet about it at all.

He slides into the booth and skims over the menu, though by now he's pretty familiar with the options being offered at Sol's.

"So, what can I do for you?" Vala asks as she comes back to Cam after he's had a chance to look over the menu. She leans forward on the counter and cracks her gum again as she looks up at him happily. "I'm glad to see you," she says quietly so only he can hear.

He reaches up to play with a bit of hair that's escpaed her ponytail, curling against her cheek. "I should have called, but I knew you were working. Things at work calmed down and I wanted to see you. What did Betty thing of your new shoes?"

It's Thursday, and he hasn't seen her since he dropped her off Sunday after their trip.

"She wants a pair and has not so subtly tried to take them three separate times," Vala huffs, looking up to glare at Betty's back.

Cam laughs. "Could she even wear them?"

Vala smirks, and that's enough answer to Cam.

Vala chuckles and looks back to Cam. "Alright you, what do you want then?"

"You," he says, just grinning when she rolls her eyes at him. She's adorable when she does that. He can't stop looking at her and smiling. "Fine, I'll take the turkey melt."

"Me covered in gravy, huh?" She teases him, giving him a wink. "Kinky. I like it." She scribbles something down on her pad of paper and blows him a kiss as she walks off to hand the order to Sal.

"How about chocolate sauce instead?" He calls out after her, laughing.

"I can do that!" She yells happily, her ponytail bouncing as she picks up the next order.

He pulls out a folder to read over some very nonclassified papers that need to be sign off on - supply requisitions for office supplies.

Vala moves around the diner, sliding plates across tables and refilling drinks until Sal dings the bell and yells, "Order number 167, its up!"

She grins and tucks her pen behind her ear and quickly grabs the plate and buses it over to Cam. "Looks very important," she says as she slides the plate over and tries to read what is on the papers over his shoulder.

"Oh yeah," Cam mutters, putting his pencil down. "These people get testy when they open up that drawer and realize there aren't any more rubber bands or paper clips. This is some serious business here."

"Real saving the world type stuff." She nods sagely and steals a few of the fries that he has on his plate.

He puts the folder away. "When's your break?"

She looks down at the watch on her wrist. "Soon as it can be," she replies with a naughty grin. "You having ideas colonel?"

He grins.

"Now, if I were having ideas, I'd be asking when you were going to get off..." He pauses. "Work."

"Ooh, naughty boy." She leans in closer to him, her eyes shining as she looks at him. "l expect to be getting off not long after work colonel," she replies quietly, giving him a wink.

"Now that's what I like to hear," Cam murmurs back to her. "You know, Betty keeps looking over here and glaring."

"She's still jealous. Boots and all. And I get your bum too." Vala turns her head to look over her own shoulder back at Betty and winks at her too. Betty just sighs and rolls her eyes. "See?"

"Uh huh, you really think that's it?" Cam says, still a little doubtful. "I thought it had more to do with me hanging around all the time and distracting you and taking you off so she's left to do most of the work...."

"Well, you don't do that all the time," Vala says slowly. "Besides, I want you to be around so she'll just have to deal."

"And then I'll show up tomorrow with a sign on the door telling me I'm banned from the premises, won't I?" Cam teases.

"I'll make sure to take it down and hide it so they can't enforce it," she assures him, reaching out to pat his hand. She pauses a moment after that, her hand still on his as they both go quiet.

"Good, good," Cam says. "Glad I got someone on the inside working for me. Don't know what I'd do without these turkey melts..."

"Go hungry all on your own I'm sure," she agrees, nodding with him.

"Or, worse," Cam pauses or dramatic effect. "Eat military food."

Vala gasps and adds in her own sound effects, "Dun dun duuunnn!"

"Vala, if you've quite finished with your military man--" Betty begins as she comes over, dishrag in hand. Vala just preens and shoots Cam a look. "Perhaps you could help with finishing busing the last few tables?"

"Right, yes, of course." Vala shoots Cam another look before she saunters off to help Betty with the work.

Cam finishes his meal, and then slides out of the booth to go sit at the bar.... in an open seat which conveniently happens to be right in front of where Vala is. "Ma'am? I think I'd like one of those delicious coke floats ya'll have..."

"Oh, would you? Well, we're going to be closing up in not too long but I think for someone like you..." Vala trails off and looks up at Cam and gives him a grin. She turns back to the counter and grabs a tall glass and begins to assemble his coke float.

"That's awfully big," Cam comments. "You know, you might just have to sit down and share it with me."

Vala's eyes flicker to the clock on the wall and then back to Cam. She grins and begins to slow down and take her time putting his float together. If it just so happens that she finishes making it when its time for her to clock out... Well, then, so be it.

He isn't about to complain about the fact that she takes her time, even when she decides the last few scoops of ice cream they aren't just aren't suitable and disappears into the back for a new container of it.

"I'd like a straw," he says, and points to the empty straw container, winking.

"Oh. Darn it all," she sighs and has to go to the back again to get another box of straws to fill the dispenser. "A straw!" She brandishes it to him with a flourish. "And the last piece, whipped cream!" Reaching down, she pulls out a can and squirts it all over the top.

"What a thorough and dedicated food server you are," Cam says. "I'll have to be sure and write in to the management about what a pleasant experience I've had at this fine establishment."

"And leave a sizeable gratuity!" Vala adds in, grinning at him and adding in a second straw to his drink.

He snorts, knowing what he'd like to say in response to that, but there are still a couple of lingering customers that he's sure wouldn't appreciate his candidness about certain size aspects of his anatomy nearly as much as Vala does.

She smirks and squirts some whipped cream on her finger and slowly sucks the whipped topping off. "Mm, 's good."

"I want a taste," Cam says, enjoying the way her mouth curls around her finger entirely too much.

"You have some. All right there." Vala points to the top of his drink where there is a bunch of whipped cream already.

"Yeah, but it's not the same...." There's a petulant note to his voice.

"Not the same as what? On my....finger?" She asks him, raising an eyebrow on finger.

"Yes, it looks much tastier on your finger." Cam meets her raised eyebrow with a wink.

He looks around, wishing that the people lingering would just leave. She smirks and finally leans over the counter and offers a bit of it to him on her finger.

He takes her wrist in his hand and licks the whipped cream off. She tastes faintly of bacon underneath, which is kind of weird, but the gesture is appreciated all the same. "Definitely better like this."

She's all smiles at him as she slowly pulls her hand back. "I'm glad you think so." She grabs his left over plate and begins to brush by him as she turns to leave. "And we'll be doing that later," she tells him quietly as she goes by.

He finishes his drink while Vala wipes down all the tables and then locks the door.

"Alone at least?" He spins around on the little barstool and smiles at her. "Come here. Gimme a real hello."

She smiles and bounces over to him. Moving to stand in between his open knees, Vala leans in, hands on the bar and takes her time giving him a real hello.

He wraps his arms around her and when the kiss is over, just sits there hugging her. "So what did you get up to while I was gone?"

"Oh, nothing much," Vala whispers, thinking back to the naquadah reading she had made the other day. She smiles widely and kisses Cam nice and slow. She's going to have to tell him soon, tell him everything if she plans on taking him with her (and she does).

Maybe tonight. Possibly tonight. Maybe with a bit of alcohol, a bit of sexing and some oil she might be able to get to a point where she can explain to him that she is an alien crash landed and hiding out on Earth from other aliens who are looking to exact the amount of money she lost them out of her own skin.

It might work.

He's naked on his back, a position he's quickly discovering is one of his favorites as long as Vala is involved. Her hands glisten with oil and he feels loose and relaxed and good about life right now.

He tugs her down over him, gathers her hair in one hand and kisses her.

She giggles, feeling a bit silly and giggly as she kisses him back. The kiss is a bit sloppy and she misses his mouth slightly but it doesn't matter. Her hands glide over his skin as easily as her lips do over his. Reaching out, Vala grabs at the bottle of champagne they've been playing with, something secret she had swiped from Sal's cabinet.

Grinning, she tags a swig for herself before offering some to Cam, the fizzy bubbles tickling her tongue.

"Having fun?" He laughs, taking a drink. "You look like you are. You look... happy."

"I am happy," she replies, taking another swig. "And I should hope you are as well."

He takes the bottle from her and puts it on the table, then rolls them over so he's on top of her. "I'm very happy. Couldn't be happier."

"This is all good things," she says seriously, nodding her head at him. "You also sound drunk."

"Not drunk," Cam mumbles. "I haven't had that much. It's just... you. Something about you... makes me feel all..."

He can't quite describe it, nor does he really feel much like putting the effort forth to even try. He's much more interested in kissing her, touching her... he finds her mouth with his again, and then realizes that she's actually still trying to talk. "Kiss now. Talk later."

His back hits the bed again as she pushes him away, laughing.

"Something about me then?" She laughs, pressing her lips to his. "I make you drunk, hm? That could pose a difficult problem as I like being around you quite often." She's still talking as she sets the bottle of champagne down and grabs her bottle of oil again, pouring some into her hands before rubbing them over Cam's chest, making it gleam.

"Mm, I make you drunk on me," she sing-songs, her hands rubbing over his nipples and down his stomach.

His nipples aren't usually that sensitive, but he tingles everywhere her fingers touch right no. He grabs her hand, guiding it lower, lower, lower... until she's touching his cock. "There. Better." He grunts and lays back again, wanting her to touch him.

"Oh, that?" She asks, giving it a brief squeeze before running her hands back up his stomach and then his chest. She's teasing him and she knows it but she loves how he groans so good.

He sulks at her. "Come on, honey... you're just playing with me now..."

"I like playing with you," she croons, rocking her hips over his now. "Like my own personal, life size toy." She grins hugely and leans over, nipping his lips and then further down on his neck.

"Your toy has needs," he reminds her, singing out. "Your toy has something it thinks you'd like to play with a little bit more...."

Okay, maybe he's had a little more champagne than he'd originally thought, because he's aware that the words coming out of his mouth are a little bit strange but he can't seem to care as long as her hands are still on him.

"Oh? A toy with a toy of its own?" Vala grins and presses her lips down onto his before gently brushing them back and forth. "I love a toy that comes with its own accessories."

Cam grabs her and rolls them over so that he's on top of her, his patience breaking with this particular game. He leans in and kisses her, one hand on her hip keeping her close...

... and then his phone rings.

She laughs and smiles, wrapping an arm around his neck as she leans in to rub her nose against his. "Cam, I have something important to tell you," she starts quietly, trying to come up with the right words for what it is she needs to say.

She opens her mouth to continue but his phone interrupts her. She frowns and is about to continue, just ignoring the ringing but she notices that he is not ignoring it.

"I have to," he says, an apology in his voice as he rolls off of her and grabs it from her table. "It's the base."

He reaches for her hand and then squeezes it, but lets go when he hears Sam's voice. "Carter, what's going on?"

"We have an emergency. We think we may have located Athena and its not good." Sam's voice is dark and grim as she speaks with Cam, Ba'al in front of her on a computer deciphering what is going on. "You're going to have to come in, we need you."

"I'll be there in thirty." Cam doesn't even hesitate. He hangs up the phone and just groans, covering his eyes with one hand and rubbing. "I have to go."

"What? Now? But its... middle of the night and we were...." Vala trails off, looking at the bottle of champagne and lube sitting on the nightstand.

"Yeah. I know." Cam takes a deep breath and forces himself to get out of bed. "But I have to."

His dedication to his job is absolute. This is the position he's worked for years to get, his entire motivation for walking after his accident, but right now? Right now, this part kind of sucks. He disappears into the bathroom to wash off the oil and try to shrug off the effects of the champagne under a spray of cold water.

Vala frowns to herself and looks over at her bedside cabinet where she had pulled out a bunch of things for them to play with. She doubts they will be getting to them tonight.

With a sigh, she begins to put away the toys and the oil and the lube. She caps the champagne and slides it into the refrigerator to keep until morning, she'll make mimosas for herself and Betsy for the early shift. Heading back into her room, she tugs on a light, silk robe, wrapping it up around her as she waits for Cam to finish dressing.

He doesn't say anything to her until he's got his clothes back on. He knows his weaknesses, and he knows that the sight of her sitting on the bed in that little robe definitely counts as one.

"I'm sorry about this, honey." He sits down on the bed beside her, pulling her in close until she rests her head on his shoulder. "I hate leaving you."

She's upset, her evening has been changed and its not his fault and she's not mad at him but damn it, she just got up the nerve to tell him about herself.

"I know you do," she says softly. She reaches out and places her hand on his thigh and giving it a light squeeze. "Fate of the world and all, right?" She asks, reminding him of one of their old jokes.

He laughs. "Something like that. You want me to come back if I can? I mean, I don't know... I don't know how long this will take."

She frowns slightly. "Do you think you'll be done by tonight?" She asks him a bit hopefully. "They said it was an emergency ...?"

"I just don’t know," he says. "But I hope so. I'll give you a call either way."

He leans down and gives her a kiss before he walks out.

Vala takes a moment, threading her fingers through his hair and holding him close as she kisses him back. She runs her tongue into his mouth, sucking on his tongue as she kisses him as good as she knows how... Just so he won't forget what else is waiting for him when his emergency is over.