Waking up is almost too much trouble. His head feels heavy, like someone had filled it with cement, and his mouth feels like it's stuffed with cotton. He's half-tempted not to bother, the morphine makes it easy to sleep, but it feels like that's all he does. Hour after hour of dreamless sleep, broken only by the fleeting sensation of hands -- lips? -- on his skin. No pain, but not much else either.

Besides, he's thirsty.

"James?" His eyelids aren't co-operating with this venture; they, too, are coated with cement. And his voice sounds thick when he asks, "Ice?"

There's no answer. No comforting words, no kiss on the forehead.

No ice.

"James?"

Still no answer.

Opening his eyes is nothing short of a Herculean task. Finally, though, he's rewarded with the narrow view that's been his whole world since he woke up here. White ceiling. Acoustic tiles. Two strips of fluorescent lights, running perpendicular to his bed. No clock; this is important, somehow, but he doesn't remember why.

No James.

He might still be here; the cervical collar blocks his view of the lower half of the room. If he's sitting down -- reading, maybe, or dozing in his chair -- but he should still answer. "James, please, I'm thirsty."

His only answer is silence. He strains his ears, but all he can hear is the soft buzz of the fluorescent lights.

Raw panic starts to trickle through his veins. If James is gone, if James has left him --

He takes a deep breath -- ignoring the pain in his chest -- and lets it out slowly. There are any number of reasons James might have stepped out for a minute. He could be in the bathroom, getting something to eat, getting a drink of water.

"He'll be back soon." Alec says it aloud; he needs the comfort of a human voice, even if it's just his own. "Five minutes. He'll be back in five minutes." But there's no clock. Why isn't there a clock? He starts counting, slowly. "One-one-thousand, two-one-thousand, three-one-thousand…"

He's still counting at seven hundred seconds -- eleven, almost twelve minutes. And he knows; James is gone. James isn't coming back. Raw terror floods him. A low moan rises in his throat. James has left him, and he's going to die here, alone.

"I'm sorry. Please. Whatever it is, whatever I did, I didn't mean it."

But the silence continues to stretch, empty, and so deep it makes his ears hurt. He fancies he can hear his own heartbeat, the rush of blood in his veins. He calls for James again, but his voice seems lost in that vast, soundless desert.

"Please come back. Please?"

Why the hell would he want to come back?

"He loves me. James loves me." He has to believe that; it's all he has to cling to.

How could he? You're nothing but a burden. He has to feed you, look after you, wipe your arse -- 

He moans, humiliated by the memory.

He's been keeping you around from pity. Because he feels sorry for you, sorry for dropping you, when you know that's what you damn well deserved. And what do you do? Fight him. You should be crawling to kiss his feet. Thanking him every day, every minute, for not leaving you to die when that antenna came crashing down.

"I do. I do. James!"

Is it any wonder that he's left you here?

"He hasn't -- "

Oh yes, he has. He's gone, left you, and now you're going to die. Alone. The voice is gloating, now. How will it happen, do you think? Dehydration maybe -- feeling thirsty, are you? Heart attack, from the pain? Or will you survive long enough to die from exhaustion?"

"Shut up, shut up!" He's screaming at a voice in his head, his own voice, he knows that but he can't stop. He feels something snap inside him. "James! James, please! James!"

He doesn't know how long he calls; long enough for his throat to go raw. But still, he keeps yelling, hoping against hope that James will hear somehow, James will know how sorry he is, and come back to him.

Suddenly, the door swings open. He hears the sound of running footsteps. James's voice, sharp with fear. "Alec!"

"James! Please -- "

James bends over him, stroking his hair. "Alec, love, what's wrong? Do you need morphine? I'll get you some morphine."

"No!" He clutches at James, terrified that he'll leave. "Don't go. Please. Please!"

"Shh, shh, I'm not going anywhere."

"But you did. You did. You left me! You were gone for hours -- where were you?"

"Oh, God, Alec, I'm so sorry." He strokes his hair with a gentle hand. "I wanted some air, I stepped out for just a few minutes. Twenty minutes. I thought you'd sleep for another hour or two, that twenty minutes couldn't hurt."

"Twenty minutes?"

"Yes."

"I thought you were gone forever. Thought you were never coming back. That you'd left me."

"Alec, I'm not going to leave you. Not now. Not ever. I love you, Alec."

"Really?" It seems too good to be true, that James could love someone so broken, so pathetic.

But James is there, offering reassurance; soothing words to fill the cold, empty places inside him. "Yes. I love you. Really." He kisses Alec's forehead and then, lightly, his lips; it's over almost before it begins. "I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to frighten you."

"Say it again."

"I'm sorry -- "

"No. Tell me you love me."

"I love you, Alec." He draws Alec's hand to his chest, holds it against his heart. "I never stopped loving you. Not in nine years of separation, not even when you were trying to kill me."

This strikes Alec as the most precious gift anyone has ever been given. He presses his hand against James, insinuates the tip of one finger into the space between buttons, so he can feel warm flesh. "Thank you," he whispers. "Thank you."