Asian Wife Goes Black

By Starfire Mayo - Second Life Asian Girl

(MMF, wife, interacial, size, cuckold, asian)

Filipina wife fantasizes of sex with another man. Husband arranges for his black colleague to fuck his horny Asian wife while he watches.

Damon was a handsome black guy in his mid thirties. He was always well-dressed and spoke in a well educated manner but underneath that suit and tie you could tell that he worked out regularly at the gym. Damon's smooth manner, quick smile combined with his natural reserved shyness made for a strong attraction with the ladies. I did not notice that Damon was at the cocktail party until I spotted him standing there chatting with my wife. I was making my way slowly back from the bathroom through the crowded room when I caught a glimpse of them. 

I suddenly realized that my beautiful Filipina wife seemed quite engrossed in conversation with Damon. She appeared both flattered and delighted by this handsome black man's interest and attention. Jozel was a petite slender and very sexy Asian girl with marvellous long flowing black hair that reached down her back. She had been working as a nurse at the local hospital on a temporary visa when I had first met her. She was in mid twenties then and already divorced in her country.  I instantly fell in love with her and after dating her for a couple of times I decided to marry her in spite of the age difference. My immigrant Asian girl seemed delighted at the idea. She admitted that she was desperate to stay on and work here and to carry on sending money to her family. She really needed a white husband and a Green Card. 

We had been happily married for over two years now but last week she had caught me by surprise when she had shown me a photo off the internet of a young male model that she had printed off. She told me that she found him very attractive and wanted to hang the picture up on the bedroom wall. My initial reaction had been of astonishment and anger but as we discussed it I changed my mind and agreed. After all, I certainly enjoyed porn on the internet and there was nothing wrong in her fantasizing about other guys. On the contrary, I felt it might help spice up our fading love life. 

That same evening our love making was very intense and satisfying. As Jozel assumed the doggie position and I began to move in and out of her hot wet and exotic sleeve, I caught her staring intensely at the picture of the naked young stud hanging up by the bed. I guessed that she was imagining being reamed by his young cock while I was thrusting in and out of her wet sleeve, fucking her like mad. I knew that she had been with more than her fair share of vigorous young bucks and that I knew that I should feel jealous angry and possessive. Instead, I only felt hard and aroused at the thought of those young hard cocks labouring at her soft tight pussy and filling her with their grateful cum. In fact, as I fucked her and watched her staring at the poster, I too imagined her fucking the man while I watched on and this only served to make me cum like crazy inside her. The fantasy of my wife cuckolding me was just that, a great fantasy. I knew that Jozel was far too loving and respectful of my wishes for her to take a lover behind my back and cheat on me, I thought with regret. But now as I watched Damon chatting up my lovely wife the thought was suddenly back there with strength, causing me an unexpected pang of jealousy and desire. What if I encouraged things along? "What if..." I found myself thinking with perverse enjoyment. 

As I approached the flirting couple, I caught the gist of their conversation. Damon was asking her jokingly if she had tried using a strap on with her husband. Jozel had looked up at Damon with a coy little smile and asked: 
"And what is a strap on?" 
"It's a rubber cock that you wear to pleasure you and your husband." Damon had answered half-serious. 
"Yes, it can also look dark and attractive like Damon's black cock." I interjected as I approached the couple.
Damon looked up and laughed amused and embarrassed while Jozel blushed with guilty shock and then desperately tried to hide her troubled feelings. Like a bull in the china shop, I thought proud of myself.
"I never..." She began but I interrupted her saying:
"I know but I'm sure you would like to get a glimpse of Damon's manly package, dear." She tried to hide her embarrassment but we both knew what she was thinking. 

We joked and talked a bit to loosen up the mood and then I invited Damon back to the house, insisting as he protested that it was late. I sat on a chair leaving Jozel to sit beside Damon on the sofa. I could see that Jozel was relishing in the closeness and attention and her eyes seemed locked on Damon in rapture and desire. After I had served them both a couple of brandies I brought the conversation back to where we had left off, daring Damon to show my wife his package.

I saw my wife blush with nervous shock and aroused. Even as she began to object and he protested against my suggestion, I insisted, teasing and daring him. In the end we were all laughing and even Jozel reluctantly joined in trying to persuade the poor guy to pull down his pants and reveal all. Damon, seeing the way my wife was eying him hungrily and biting her lip with anticipation finally gave in to my pleas and demands and pulled down his pants with a big wide smile. To say he was well endowed would have been an understatement. An astonishingly long black cock popped out. It must have been a good ten inches and it was only half deployed!

Jozel's eyes went round with surprise and amazement and her jaw opened wide to let out a little involuntary cry. She put her hand to her mouth in an attempt to hide her shock and arousal. His hand took of the long tool and gently began to stroke it before our very own eyes. Jozel let out a nervous laugh but I could read the wanton lust and desire in her eyes as she eyed Damon's body and cock hungrily.

"Go on, make it hard for her." I encouraged.

He began to stroke the big black cock firmly now and it jerked and seemed to lurch forward, growing ever bigger like some weird scene in a film. Jozel gasped with intense excitement, arousal and enjoyment and I knew that she was fantasising imagining this well endowed man moving between her loins and having sex with this black god.

Eager to break down the barriers and my wife's inhibitions, I reached out and took her hand, forcing her to take hold of the cock and stroke it together with Damon. We both watched as her hand moved up and down the now fully deployed bone. Her tongue flicked over her lips nervously. Her eyes were wide and she sat there still staring at it as if in a trance, the arousal and astonishment at the dark clear in her expression. Although Damon was very shy and unsure, I could tell that he was tremendously aroused too and that with very little encouragement he would fuck my wife.

"Lay face down on the floor." I commanded.

As my wife reluctantly knelt down she began to protest that she did not want to do anything to hurt me or that later we would regret.  Nevertheless she lay down flat on the floor before me, her eyes still fixed on the long black like a prey on a snake. I pulled up her short skirt and sliding down her panties instructed Damon to lay down on top of her. My wife blushed and protested more firmly saying that she did not want him in her but before she could change her mind or act I encouraged and directed Damon onto her back effectively pinning her down under his weight.

"Oh God!" She gasped and then shuddered in reluctant ecstasy as he kissed the back of her neck. "No you mustn't. It's wrong... I want to remain a faithful and loving to my husband. I don't want too... Please, you're too big and anyway, I've forgotten my pills..." 

He was holding her arms and lightly kissing her with open desire adoration her while on top of her. His huge naked cock pressed against her clenched right across her butt cheeks and he seemed reluctant to take things further at this stage so I knew I needed to act.

Insisting, I said:
 "But I want you to have sex with him for me. Please do this for me, dear. I know you want to experience his big long black cock in you tight married pussy and I want to watch him fucking you too..."

Taking firmly hold of his cock with my right hand, I placed the tip against her tightly closed but visibly oozing slit while with my other hand I parted her sleeve. The sight of that of that dark cock head on my wife's pussy was unbelievably fantastic and lewd. I knew that I just wanted to see that cock inside her, whatever the consequences. I pushed the cock head forward and the tip pushed open Jozel's labia lips. My wife let out a loud groan of sheer bliss and tremendous excitement and her body seemed to relax.

Damon raised his hips high, then thrust down into her, unleashing his huge prick on my wife's tiny Asian pussy, sliding his oversized long cock deep into her small pussy like a knife into butter. It seemed incredible that she could take all that 12 inches into her tight little Filipina pussy of hers, but I suspect that even though she may not have done so for some time, she must have experienced another man's big cock in her pussy before, perhaps with one of her previous boyfriends in Philippines.

I watched as Damon began to thrust in and out of her pussy from the rear, burying his huge cock to the hilt inside her, stretching her to the limit to fit to his super size. I watched with fascination as the huge black instrument disappeared and reappeared inside her cheeks, glistening with her juices before plunging into her again repeatedly. She was letting out little desperate groan and licking her lips as he thrust into her welcoming loins.  I moved round to so that I could see her face.  Her face was trembling, her eyes partially glazed with lewd pleasure and her jaws were clenched with the effort and concentration on her enjoyment.  She was holding his hand with her left hand and thrusting up her rump to meet his big pumping dark cock. I had my cock out now and was firmly masturbating as I watched this strong guy vigorously fucking my wife. 

Jozel noticed me in standing front of her and she reached out to grab my leg holding my very tightly in her desire. It was so tight that it hurt. She was getting my attention, letting me know the intensity of her enjoyment  and punishing me at the same time. I guess this was an effort to connect me with her pleasure and to have me join in and condone her act. Her eyes were fixed blurred with ecstasy staring intensely at me and in haze of adulterous and wanton pleasure. He little pierced tongue was licking her lips as she panted hard.  She was both angry at what I had caused and let her do and also my wife was grateful for my allowing her to take this lover and enjoy his cock so openly and satisfy her female lust. As I looked at her slowly reduced to a groaning slut, I knew that like many other Filipina and Thai girls she enjoyed sex immensely and would cum like a true slut regardless of the partner.  

Damon thrust harder at her and she released me, groaning avidly:

"Yes! Oh yes! Fuck me harder. Make me cum. I want you to cum inside me... Cum now, honey... Cum now I can't wait for you any longer..."

Her eyes had glazed over in an intense haze of pure carnal pleasure and lust as he pumped his big cock ever harder between her loins, reducing her to a helpless sex slave. She was moaning and groaning incoherently as he shagged and copulated with her like a stray bitch in heat. Like a filthy tart she was enjoying every moment of it. I watched as her male friend screwed her until she had reached a huge uncontrollable orgasm and started to groan and shake under him. My wife had just climaxed and abandoned herself totally, grateful and adoring of the man who had shown her such tremendous pleasure on his black cock. 

I watched as Damon rammed forward, thrust his cock deep into her loins as he too came violently, pumping huge quantities of seed deep into her belly, filling her up her womb with his strong fertile spunk and sending to seeping onto the floor from her brimming and pregnant pussy.

I knew that from that moment forward my wife had tasted and enjoyed a new addictive freedom and pleasure that I would no longer be able to deny her. Jozel had committed adultery and I had watched and encouraged her to fuck a stranger. I would no longer be able to be sure where she had been, with whom she had cheated and been with again or even be able to try to stop her. I knew that women can enjoy six times more pleasure than a man as there are many more parts in the body that give pleasure to the women compared to a man. I watched quietly by, touching my cock, as Damon went on to take my wife in many different positions and fill her mouth, pussy and arse with his strong seed. Jozel enjoyed every second of it and came in a series of multiple orgasms beneath him. The next day when I saw my wife she was simply glowing. She looked totally sexy, desirable and transformed. She also appeared annoyed with me and said angrily challenging me:

"I hope you're happy now with what you've done. You realise I am totally crazy about Damon and I do not regret for a moment anything I did or let him do to me. He made me cum so much better than you do. It felt really great again. I really want him in me all the time. You realise you will regret it now so much."
"Yes, I know. But no, I won't regret it. I'm happy he made you cum so hard. I want you to be happy and fulfilled." I replied calmly.

She looked at me sideways with disbelief, trying to gauge if I really meant it for real or if I were just playing with her. She said provocatively with a quizzical expression:

"You know I will see him again and have sex with him and his friends, don't you? Many times. And you won't be able to stop me."

"I hope he fucks you well and regularly," I replied with an understanding smile. "I want him to enjoy your pussy fully and fill you with his cum. I want you to bring it home to me so I can clean out your sloppy pussy."

She looked at me intensely a moment, then gave me a wry smile, turned around and left. In addition to Damon, my wife went shortly on after that to enjoy multiple sexual episodes with her male friends after that and even several partners in a single night men at a single time all with my blessing.






 
