Nice virgin

By: Niral


Hi guys and gals ! This is your Niral with an episode with a virgin teen
who is also a distant relative ie. my sister's sister inlaws daughter in
BANGALORE. Her name is Rama.Let me describe all you of her features. She
is about 19 years old and very fashoinable young teen. Always loving to
wear tight jeans, Tshirts, minis etc. which always exposed her assets.
She had good pair of tits and very beautiful ass and well built for her age.

One fine day she came to our house and there was nobody in my house.
When she came I was enjoying the porn in the net. As she came I
hurriedly hooked up the net. We were chatting for sometime and since I
was watching the porn for quite I was in mood to screw somebody. Rama
was in half saree surprisingly and looked gorgeous in that attire. I
thought of seducing her and to make the first move I told her to play
with the computer and I would take shower and join her. I changed in the
corner of the room and was only in a short towel.

By now she was in the computer table and was browsing something. I had
left the floppies in the computer table itself and was praying to god
that she should look into the floppies. I went into the bathroom and
peeped through the peephole. And luck would not desert me this time as I
saw that she had put in the floppy and was shocked to see the explicit
pictures. These pictures were my collection from the net porno and it
could turn on anybody and there is question of not turning on this young
lady. She was just cautious in the beginning to ensure that she is not
caught. I turned on the shower so that she can hear the sound and watch
the porn more freely. And she did exactly the same. I took a quick
shower, masturbated and dried myself and slowly came out of the room
without any sound and stood on her back. She was deeply engrossed in the
pictures that she did not notice my presence.

I just touched her and asked her whether she liked the collection. She
just closed her eyes with the hands and asked for apology. I told her
that its ok and there is nothing to ashamed of or feel bad since this is
a period where in everyone would like to explore the unknown. She was a
little comfortable and as I was moving on the lungi and watched her
through the mirror I found her staring at me. I combed my hair and was
only in the lungi so that if luck goes on well with me I should be ready
and should not waste the oppurtunity. Both of us sat in the sofa and I
switched on the TV and fortunately for me as I switched on the TV the
English movie channel was on and there was a very sexy scene in it.

She was very shy to watch the scene and all the same not moving her eyes
away. I put a hand around her so that she became a bit free. She was
still shy and I told her that I would switch of the TV and switching of
the TV I asked her if she has any boyfriend. She told me though a lot of
boys are behind her she is afraid of going after any body. I told her
for your beauty you should be having atleat dozen boy friends. Any lady
would be flattened if a man is praising and she was no exception. I took
this oppurtunity and moved closer to her asked shall I kiss you. Before
she could respond I moved my lips closer to her and brushed her lips. I
watched for her reaction. There was no resistance. And this time I
licked her lips with the tongue and caught her lips in my lips and
probed her tongue. My god she was tasting lovely. She was a bit tensed
in the beginning and with the passage of time I could feel that she was
relaxing as she started to lean on me. Now I embraced her tightly from
the sides and all the while continuing the kissing.

Slowly I put one hand on her belly started caressing while my right hand
was around her back and feeling the fresh melons from side on. She was
really enjoying the petting and I removed her pallu and started
massaging the breasts and she was under my full control by now. I
loosened her petticoat and slowly relieved it. By now she was only in
her blouse and panty. She was looking very beautiful and I was also
loosing control. I removed my lungi and made her touch my penis. This
being the her first feel of the penis she was exploring the penis shyly.
This gave me a chance to relieve her blouse and bra. Once her boobs were
exposed I was mad looking at the soft melons and could not avoid putting
my lips.

Once I put my mouth on her nipples and started sucking it she was
enjoying the same and pressed my head on her boobs. While my other hand
was massaging the other breast. All along I was pressing and massaging
the belly and other parts of the body. She was only in her panty. I put
my hand in her panty to feel private hair and slowly toched her
clitoris. She wriggled in joy and I relieved her panty also in no time.
Again when I put may finger in her clitoris she closed her legs in shear
shyness and I was on he top and slowly made way between her legs and
started massaging her pussy with my penis. Her vagina was already wet
and ready to receive my penis. I tried to enter her and was unsuccesful.
I held her tightly and kissed her and forced my penis inside her pussy.
She cried in pain asked me to stop. I forcible continued about 15 to 20
strokes and by now her vagina had expanded and adjusted to my cock size
and she started enjoying it. Since I had masturbated only half an hour
back I was able to hold for a little long. But even then I was very near
to climax in few shots since she was very tight and her vagina was full
of love juice which made me mad. I put on the condoms and started
ramming her and we climaxed in a few minutes. We cleaned oursleves and I
took her in my arms to the bed room and we slept for two hours in the AC
bedroom in each others arms.

By the time I woke up I found her she was dressed and was washing her
face. I was in mood by the mere sight of her and wanted to fuck her once
more since I had a full 1 hour more time by time our parents return
back. I put on the shorts and started preparing coffee. She was very
much confused and as I offered the coffee I told her that there is
nothing to worry as both had enjoyed it fully. I told her to take bath
and then only leave for her house. She went to the bath room and after a
while I could hear the shower sound. I had not kept the soap in the bath
room so that she would ask for the soap. And as I expected she shouted
form the bathroom for the soap and slightly opened the door and just let
her hands out to take the soap.

I took the soap and as I handed over the soap held her hand and pushed
the door and also entered the bathroom. She was shocked for this assault
and covered her boobs with her hands. I took of my shorts and pulled her
close to me and put on showers, I was behind her holding her tightly at
first and after a while clasping her breasts with both the hands and
massging it. My dick was gaining size and was between her ass by now.
She was also getting hot as I put my hand on her clitoris. We soaped
each other for a while and were in shower again for full five minutes.
Closing the shower I laid her on the bathroom floor and abruptly moved
to her pussy and started licking her clitoris and finger fucking her
vagina. She climaxed within a few minutes itself and then I fucked her
once more in the doggy style and then only came out.

if any girls or aunties in bangalore want to contact me then mail me at
decent_sexy_stud@yahoo.com . But confedintial should be maintained....


* Tell us how you liked this story* *( 1 is worst - 5 is best)*

* * *

				
*1* 	*2* 	*3* 	*4* 	*5*

*
Story viewed: *5706* times
Find more submissions from this author, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/search.php?id=947>
Tell a friend about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/send_page.php?id=947>
Post/Read comments about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/comments.html?id=947>

