Author: mypenname3000
Commissioned by: n1one
Title: Instagram Mind-Controlled Daughters Chapter Nine: Spoiled Brat Becomes a Worthless Whore
Summary: A rich bitch has to be taught a lesson.
Keyword: MF MMF mc inc oral anal A2M DP ws exhib voy public humil

Derrick Carpenter

My wife and daughters had spent the last week at my mother-in-law's. I didn't go. I couldn't stand Karin's mother. How my wife had turned out so different from that harridan always astonished me. I supposed I could use Chaz's comments to fix my mother-in-law, but I just hated that dried-up old bag too much to even care.

But my girls loved their grandmother. I wasn't about to deny them a visit nor my wife. I had these powers, but they had to be used responsibly. Well, somewhat responsibly. I tried to target those who deserved it. Who needed to be re-educated.

Or when my wife wanted me to fix her friend's relationship with her daughter so my wife could enjoy having lesbian threesomes with them. Or foursomes with me joining in. Hell, we could get our four daughters involved and make it into one wild orgy.

That did sound hot.

So I was eager to get to the airport and pick up my wife. I slowed at the stop sign, the freeway on-ramp ahead. I would be early. I didn't like being late for things. Besides, maybe I could create some welcome home surprise. Or Chaz could with his Instagram comm

My car rocked forward. I gasped as the shoulder strap of my seatbelt dug into my skin. I blinked as I realized I had just been rear-ended. Not hard. My airbags hadn't even gone off. I looked into the rearview mirror to see another car parked way to close to me.

The door flung open. In my driver-side mirror, I saw who hit me. She was young and in a purple dress. It looked like something a designer would make. A party dress with the skirt cut at an angle, higher on the right side than the left. It flowed up into a halter-top-like bodice that cradled her big and obviously fake tits. I had bought Karin a pair of fake tits, so I could always spot them even when they were a great pair.

And these looked to be amazing work. 

Her bleached-blonde hair had a fresh-from-the-hairdresser look to them. The curls swayed around her petulant face. She stood on her heels, quivering. She put her hands on her hips. I groaned as I recognized a brat.

I opened the door and climbed out of the car. I opened my mouth hot ask if she was okay, when she shrieked, You stupid idiot! Why did you stop? Huh? You could have made the light! Ugh, look at my car! If you ruined it! Ooh, my daddy is going to destroy you! He's a big-time lawyer! You're going to pay for this!

I'm going to pay? I asked, my anger rising. You rear-ended me.

Don't talk to me like that! she hissed. You should have kept going! I'm so late, and now you've ruined my car! My daddy bought this for me!

I glanced at her pink car. It was a sporty, European thing. I didn't recognize the make or model, but it did look expensive. I doubt the damage was that much, and what did it matter? She rear-ended me! I clenched my hands into fists.

You better have insurance or something! she hissed. Oh, my daddy is going to bend you over and ass-rape you for this!

She shoved her hand into the trendy clutch purse swinging off her arm. She pulled out her phone and swiped the screen. In moments, she was holding it before her face as I could hear it ringing. I slid my hand into my own pocket. Chaz could fix this.

I just had to find out who she was.

Daddy! she sobbed even as she gave me this withering look. D-daddy, this jerk hit my car! He ruined the front end! It's tots gonna be totaled!

What? her father asked. Totaled? Are you okay?

I don't know, she sobbed. Or pretended to. Not a tear ruined her mascara. He's being so mean to me! I was just trying to get to Jule's house, and he... he... Daddy! I need you.

Okay, okay, he said. Where are you at.

She looked around and rattled off the intersection. Her father hung up, and she smirked at me. I grinned back at her, so ready to make her pay for being a spoiled bitch. I just had to get her name from her.

We should exchange insurance information, I said. What's your name.

Portia! she said, sounding so proud. Portia Bennington! That's right. I'm Maxwell Bennington's daughter! You're dead meat, asshole!

Who? I asked as I started searching for her name on Instagram. A brat this bitchy definitely had an Instagram account.

Don't pretend you don't know who he is! she hissed. He's famous! He was on CNN and Fox and even the View!

Poor bastard being on with those flock of harpies. My wife liked to watch them. They gave me a headache.

And he's going to fuck you so hard with the lawsuit, you'll wish you had just bent over and let me drive my Porsche up your asshole! she hissed. Stupid asshole! I can't believe you hit my car with that gay SUV.

Portia Bennington. I found her while she was typing on her phone. Then a picture of me appeared. I hadn't even seen her snap it. This is the dick who just ruined the new Porsche that daddy bought me He's so dead! Daddy's going to ass rape him legal style!

I smiled as Chaz commented on the post, Don't be a fucking cunt who blames another for their mistake. You rear-ended Mr. Carpenter. You hit him. It's your fault. You will apologize to Mr. Carpenter by stripping naked, bending over the hood of the car, and begging him to fuck your ass then piss all over you. You will do whatever he says.

She glanced at her phone and gasped. I... I... She stared at the Porsche still plowed into the back of my car. Traffic was streaming around us, using the other lane to get by. Plenty of rubberneckers were watching us. She glanced around. I... This is all my... I'm sorry!

She reached behind her and untied the part of her dress wrapping around the back of her neck. The front fell down to reveal those big, fake tits of hers. They were firm and perky with pink nipples that were too small for such lush mounds. They were little buttons on those quivering boobs. Her cheeks blushed bright red.

A car horn honked. 

The rubberneckers noticed. More horns honked as she wiggled her purple dress off her hips and let it drop down those gorgeous, tanned legs of hers. She clearly tanned in the nude. Not a bit of pale flesh was on her body. Not on her boobs. A black thong barely covered her pussy and vanished between the cheeks of her firm ass.

She worked out to have a body like that. She was toned in all the right ways. My dick was so hard as she pushed off her panties, bending over. Those big, fake tits hardly swayed. She must have had some small boobs before the implants. 

Her bleached-blonde hair fell around her face. She stepped out of her panties, down to her black heels. They were platform shoes, giving her several inches more of height. She straightened as everyone watching understood why she was doing this.

You better apologize for being such a cunt! one guy shouted as he drove slowly by, his phone thrust out the rolled-down window. He must be recording Portia. I can't believe you blamed him. Fucking bitch!

She scurried to the back of her Porsche and bent over the trunk. Tears beaded in her eyes now as she whimpered, I'm so sorry, M-Mr. Carpenter. I... I shouldn't have b-blamed you for the accident. She grabbed the cheeks of her ass and spread her tanned rump apart. P-please fuck my ass and... and... She shuddered. Piss on me. I'll d-do whatever you want. I'm sorry.

Good Guy Chaz was a miracle worker.

I headed to her and started unbuckling my belt. As I stood behind her, unzipping my fly, a passing woman shouted, Fuck that lying brat up the ass hard! I can't believe the shit she just tried to pull on you!

I smiled. It was so wonderful having all this support. I was more than eager to do just that. I pressed my cock into the naughty girl's butt-crack. I loved having the audience. I was getting off on public sex. Fucking the preacher's wife in the middle of church had been amazing. I enjoyed her every Sunday. That slut at the coffeehouse was fun, too. And that bitch of a college professor...

She was enjoying staring in gangbang videos. And I had found the next star for my porn company.

I slid my cock down Portia's butt-crack to her asshole. I nuzzled into that naughty hole, enjoying the texture of her sphincter against the crown of my dick. I smiled as I pushed on her. She whimpered and shuddered there as I pushed and pushed against her.

I wasn't lubed. She groaned as her asshole widened. She trembled, the metal beneath her flexing. Her head snapped up as her sphincter surrendered. I popped into her backdoor. I sank into the slut's bowels.

Oh, my God, she gasped as I slid into her. That's... I...

Just what you deserve for being a lying brat, I growled, sliding my cock into her asshole deeper. Your daddy never spanked you. Never even punished you.

No! she sobbed as more and more of my cock sank into her tight, velvety bowels. 

This is why you're getting punished now, I groaned as I bottomed out in her asshole. Her hot sheath squeezed around me. She squirmed, wiggling her hips. If your daddy just whipped your ass, or fucked it, you wouldn't be taking my dick like this now with everyone watching.

No! she gasped as a few of the rubberneckers had pulled into a nearby gas station to watch. I... I... Shit!

I drew back my dick, her asshole gripping me. She squirmed as her hot bowels held me tight. I reveled in that wonderful grip. I buried into her asshole hard and fast. I slammed deep into her anal sheath. She had such a wonderful grip on my cock.

I loved how she squeezed about me. I pumped away at her anal sheath. I fucked her with force, burying my dick into her asshole again and again. She shuddered as I did that. Her anal sheath squeezed about me.

I loved how she held me tight. She massaged me with her velvety asshole as I drove back into her bowels. I fucked her hard, her trunk groaning and the slut squealing. Her tanned rump jiggled from the hard impact of my crotch.

Oh, my fucking God! she sobbed. Her head tossed, her bleached-blonde tresses flowing. Oh, fuck! Oh, shit, shit!

I knew it hurt her, but the pain would fade as the pleasure grew and grew. She would cum hard from getting fucked by my cock. The bitch deserved it. She wanted to ass-rape me with her car. This was nothing.

I planted my hands on the trunk of the car and hammered her asshole. Cheers rose from the watchers as I pounded the brat's asshole hard. I bury into the rich bitch's asshole again and again, reveling in how she gripped me.

She held me tight with that asshole of hers. She massaged me with that wonderful flesh. I loved it so much. I savored her gripping me. She massaged me with her asshole. She held me tight with all that wonderful flesh.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, I groaned. Shit, that's good! You got an ass on you, Portia!

Y-yes, Mr. Carpenter! she gasped. I... I'm so sorry! 

You deserve this, don't you? I demanded.

Yes, yes, yes! she moaned as I fucked her asshole hard and fast. I do! I deserve every bit of this!

I grinned as I fucked her asshole hard and fast. I buried into her bowels over and over again, loving the feel of her tight and velvety flesh around my dick. She massaged me with that tight anal sheath.

It was fantastic to feel her massaging me with her bowels. I hammered her hard, the pressure in my nuts growing and growing with each of my thrusts into her anal sheath. I plowed into her deep and hard. I loved the way she gasped and moaned.

Damn, I'm going to cum hard in that ass, I grunted. I bet you want that!

I... I... Yes! she whimpered. I have to... apologize... Oh, God! That big dick!

I fucked the bitch's asshole hard and fast, the pressure in my nuts building and building. They slapped in her taint as I fucked. The cars passed us, honking. The shouts grew louder from the people watching us. I loved it.

She whimpered, her head tossing as I fucked into her bowels again and again. I pounded her with force. I loved how she gripped my dick with her tight asshole. I savored that delight as I fucked her bowels over and over again.

She whimpered as I did that. She held me tight with her anal sheath. It was magnificent to feel her wrapped around me. I grunted, fucking her bowels with force. I pounded her anal sheath with all that I had. I thrust to the hilt in her asshole over and over again.

I fucked her hard. Fast. I buried to the hilt in her bowels with such force. Shit! I groaned, my nuts about to burst. You fucking whore!

I slammed to the hilt in her and erupted.

The moment my cum splashed into her bowels, she squealed out, Mr. Carpenter!

Her asshole convulsed around my erupting cock. She took my hot spunk. I flooded her bowels with spurt after spurt of my cum. I hosed her down, loving the way her anal sheath rippled around my dick. The pleasure slammed through me.

Fucking bratty cunt! I growled. That's what you are!
I am! she gasped, her anal sheath suckling at my dick. 

A fucking rich bitch! I pumped my cum into her anal sheath over and over again. Who thinks she's better than everyone.

I am! she gasped. My daddy's rich! I'm so much better than them all!

I growled with anger at those words, my cum firing into her bowels. I erupted over and over again. I filled her to the brim with all my seed. She spasmed around me, suckling out my jizz. I emptied my nuts into her, groaning with each eruption.

I filled her to the brim with my cum. I shuddered with each blast of jizz I fired into her anal sheath. It was fantastic to fill her up with my spunk. I erupted again and again into her asshole, reveling in the pleasure. 

Fuck! I grunted as I fired that last blast into her bowels. Think you're better than me!

I am! she moaned. 

Then why are you going to kneel on the ground and beg me to piss all over your, slut? I snarled and ripped my cock out of her asshole.

For being a bitch and lying, she groaned as I stepped back. My jizz bubbled out of her asshole. For blaming you. I knew it was my fault, I just... You shouldn't have stopped! I'm so late!

Fucking kneel and say, 'I'm a spoiled rich bitch who deserves to be pissed on because I'm a worthless whore!'

She gasped and turned around. Her big boobs jiggled as she sank to her knees on the asphalt. She stared up at me, fresh tears in her eyes. I'm a... a... spoiled rich bitch who d-d-deserves to be pissed on because I'm a worthless.... a worthless whore!

Tears spilled down her cheeks, her black mascara running to make an awful mess. I aimed my cock at her, so many people watching as the pressure in my bladder grew. Any moment, my piss would hose her down.

That's it! a guy shouted. Fucking rich bitches are worthless!
Piss on that liar! a woman cried. Ugh, she's so stuck-up. She deserves it.

Show her how the world works! another guy shouted. Good Guy Chaz is right!

I loved it. The pressure in my bladder burst and my piss sprayed out across Portia's face. She gasped as it washed golden over her cheeks, smearing her mascara in new ways. The urine poured down her neck and spilled over those big tits daddy bought her.

I aimed my cock lower and hosed those down next. My piss washed over them as I unleashed everything that I had. She shuddered as I drenched her in my acrid urine. The scent filled the air as I drenched those big boobs.

I coated them in my urine. The piss ran down her stomach to her shaved pussy. She shuddered there, urine dripping from her chin. I lifted my cock up, feeling the stream dying down, and aimed it at her mouth. I splashed those plump, red lips.

Open wide and drink it, you worthless whore! I growled.

She obeyed.

Her mouth opened. My piss splashed her mouth. She shuddered there as I soaked her with my urine. I enjoyed every second of this. My urine filled her mouth. She shuddered and gulped it down as I forced myself to keep pissing, working out every last drop I had in my bladder.

The last stream of piss splashed on her lips. She shuddered there, dripping in piss. She squeezed her eyes shut as what she truly was sank into her. I grinned and rammed my dirty cock forward right into her mouth.

She sealed her lips around my cock, her eyes bulging as she tasted her own ass now. First my piss, and now the earthy musk of her backdoor. I would have gripped the sides of her head, but my piss had soaked her hairdo, ruining the salon's work.

That's it, I groaned. Worthless sluts suck a man's dick clean of their own ass.

She whimpered and did just that. She swirled her tongue around my cock and bobbed her head. She was no stranger to giving head, that was for sure. She suckled hard on me, her lips working up and down my dick. 

I groaned as I savored the trollop's blowjob. She suckled on me with passion. She bobbed her head, nursing on me as I groaned through the bliss of this moment. She knew what she was doing, that was for sure. I enjoyed it immensely. 

She worked her mouth up and down my cock, suckling on me with passion. I groaned at her hot mouth. She nursed with passion. She swirled her tongue around my cock. The pleasure built and built in my nuts. 

Shit, I groaned.

She moaned around my cock, staring at up me with humiliation in her eyes. She knew she was a dirty whore for doing this. Drinking piss and sucking my dick clean of her ass was something that only an abject slut would do.

You're just a dirty slut, aren't you? I panted. A whore who would do anything. You've been pretending to be a rich bitch, when this is what you truly are! A trollop who loves piss and sucking dirty dicks and being fucked before others.

Her eyes widened as the realization fell on her. The understanding clicked in her mind.

She suckled harder.

I groaned as she loved me with that hot mouth. She bobbed her head, working her lips up and down my cock. I shuddered as she blew me with such passion. I rose toward that amazing moment when I would cum in her mouth.

I hurtled nearer and nearer to it as she buffed my dick clean. Her tongue danced over the crown of my cock. She suckled on me with all that passion. It was incredible to enjoy her blowjob. She knew what she was doing.

That was crystal clear.

I loved how she suckled on me with all that might. She nursed on me with everything that she had. I groaned as she did that. Her cheeks hollowed as she suckled hard on me. I groaned, my dick throbbing in her mouth. 
That's it, I grunted. Oh, fuck, you're such a dirty, dirty whore. I'm going to cum. I'm going to flood you with so much cum!
She suckled hard on my dick. She nursed on me with all her might. She had to get my jizz. She knew what she was now. I shuddered as her hot mouth worked up and down my dick. She suckled with such passion on me.
It was incredible to feel. To experience. I groaned at how hard she suckled on me. How much she nursed with that hot mouth of hers. It was outstanding to have her suckling on me. She nursed so hard and fast. It was outstanding.
Goddamn, I groaned. Goddamn, that's good. That's so fucking good. You're just a dirty whore!
She nodded.
That's right! My nuts tightened. I was so close to erupting. Just keep sucking. Shit!
She nursed hard on me. Her tongue swirled around my cock. The rich bitch shuddered, her big tits quivering. Piss dripped from her nipples. She suckled hard, her brown eyes staring up at me as she suckled with all her might.
Yes! I groaned, hurtling toward that amazing moment. Shit, that's good. That's so fucking good! You're going to get... Yes!
I erupted.
I pumped my jizz into her mouth. I flooded her with all my spunk. Blast after blast of cum erupted from my cock. It was fantastic to feel hurtling out of me. I erupted again and again. I pumped so much cum into her mouth. I filled her with my jizz. It was an incredible rush to have all this pleasure hurtling out of me.
Shit, shit, shit, I groaned as she swallowed my spunk.
The pleasure slammed through me as I basted her mouth with my spunk. It was an incredible rush to have all that jizz hurtling out of me. I loved every last second of erupting. I grunted with each blast of spunk.
I filled her up with my jizz. It was an amazing moment to have all that pleasure washing through me. Just a rush to have it hurtling through me. I groaned, loving every last blast of spunk erupting from me. It was incredible
Shit, shit, shit! I groaned as I filled her mouth up with my jizz. Oh, fuck, that's good!
She swallowed my last eruption of cum. She gulped it down as I noticed an expensive BMW closing in. Had her daddy arrived? Well, she had to show him just who she was. I smiled at that realization as I stared down at her.
Now, I said. A worthless whore wants everyone to fuck her. Every last man to pound her. She gets off on it, right?
She slid her mouth off my cock and moaned, Chaz says you're always right, so... yes.
And what are you? I asked, a grin on my lips. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Portia Bennington

I was a worthless whore. A spoiled rich bitch. A slut. 
Those words echoed through my mind as I straddled Mr. Carpenter. He sat on my Porsche's trunk, his cock thrusting out before him. My pussy dripped for him. The piss dried on me, making me feel so dirty. I could still taste the saltiness of his spunk and the earthiness of my ass lingering in my mouth.
I was such a naughty whore. A worthless slut. I had to do this. Everyone was watching as I grabbed his cock and pressed him against my shaved pussy. I shuddered as I plunged my cunt down his dick. I took him to the hilt.

My back arched and big boobs bounced. Daddy gave them to me when I turned eighteen two years ago. I loved my fake tits. They were perfect. Just what a worthless whore needed. I trembled as my cunt swallowed all of Mr. Carpenter's dick. I was such a bitch for blaming him.

I had been texting.

Portia? Daddy asked as I sat impaled on Mr. Carpenter's cock. Jesus, what the fuck is this?

He wore his expensive suit as he marched to me. I just grabbed my tanned, toned rump and parted my butt-cheeks. My asshole, coated in Mr. Carpenter's cum, parted. I felt so exposed as I shot Daddy a sultry look.

Daddy, I'm a worthless whore that needs all the cocks in me I can get. Even yours. I giggled. Especially yours, Daddy!

I wiggled my hips from side to side, stirring Mr. Carpenter's cock around in my cunt. My father groaned as he stared at me. He had to know it was the truth. I was such a worthless slut, I would even fuck my daddy.

Shit, you always have been worthless, Portia, he growled. Fucking useless, but now...

He started unfastening his pants. It hurt, though, hearing Daddy call me fucking useless. But... I was. I was that. I could see it now. But I would make it all up to Daddy. He could use my worthless ass. I would finally do something useful for Daddy.

I would make him cum.

I trembled on Mr. Carpenter as Daddy pulled out his dick. He whipped out that cock. I shuddered as he moved up behind me. He wanted my asshole. I could feel it as he pressed his dick between my butt-cheeks. He didn't feel as big as Mr. Carpenter, but...

I was a worthless whore. I didn't care about size. Just that I was being fucked by dicks.

He pushed his dick right against my asshole and thrust, saying, Fuck, at least you have some good. Unlike that worthless mother of yours!

Yes, Daddy, I gasped as my asshole, lubed by Mr. Carpenter's cum, slid open and swallowed Daddy's cock.

He sank into me. I loved how he filled me up with his dick. I shuddered there on him as Daddy's cock slammed to the hilt in my bowels. I gasped and squeezed my cunt down on Mr. Carpenter's cock. I shuddered and slid up his shaft.

Daddy! I moaned as my pussy gripped Mr. Carpenter's cock. I loved the thickness of him. He felt amazing in me. Oh, Daddy, yes!

I slammed down him again. I loved the feel of his cock. My boobs bounced and jiggled. My eyes rolled back in my head as Daddy drew back his dick. I had both men in me. Filling me up. I was such a worthless whore.

I slid my cunt up Mr. Carpenter's cock as Daddy pumped his dick in and out of my asshole. He grunted as he fucked me, stirring up my asshole. I shuddered, loving the two frictions swirling through my nethers.

I plunged down Mr. Carpenter's cock. I loved how thick he was. My pussy worshiped his dick as my asshole massaged Daddy's rod. He pumped in and out of my bowels. It was amazing pleasuring both men. The bliss swirled through me.

Shit, Portia, Daddy groaned as he slammed his dick into my bowels. Oh, shit, that's good!

Yes, yes, yes, fuck my asshole, Daddy! I moaned as I rode Mr. Carpenter's cock. Fuck me so hard! I love it!

Daddy grunted. He clearly loved it, too. He fucked my bowels with such force. He buried into me again and again. He pounded my asshole with a big dick. I loved how he fucked me like that. He slammed his dick into my anal sheath. 

My bowels gripped Daddy's cock as I rode Mr. Carpenter's big dick. He had such an amazing cock. My pussy loved him. I worked up and down that massive shaft as Daddy pumped away at my bowels. The men drove me wild.

I would have such a huge climax. My big, fake tits jiggled as I bounced on Mr. Carpenter's dick. I squeezed my cunt around that thick shaft as Daddy pounded me. The two frictions swirled around through me, driving me wild.

Goddamn, your daughter's such a whore, Mr. Carpenter grunted.

Just like her mother, growled Daddy. 

Yes, yes, fuck me, Daddy! I moaned.

He slammed his dick into my asshole. He buried deep and hard into my anal sheath. My bowels melted, the heat swirling through my nethers. It mixed with the wonderful delight in my pussy. My hot cunt worked up and down Mr. Carpenter's dick.

I would have such a huge climax. I whimpered, loving this amazing pleasure. It was so an awesome feeling Daddy fuck my asshole. He pounded me so hard. He grunted as he used my anal sheath. I was just a whore. A hole for him to fuck.

That was all I was good for.

I trembled at the thought, my orgasm building so fast. I was such a whore. A slut that needed to be fucked over and over again. I trembled at how great this felt It was so amazing having that big dick pound me with force as I rode another awesome cock.

The two dicks drove me wild. The men grunted. Daddy pounded me. Mr. Carpenter watched my fake tits jiggling over him. I was such a naughty whore. Onlookers filmed me being such a slut. They witnessed who I truly was.

I'm such a fucking whore! I squealed as I plunged my cunt down Mr. Carpenter's cock.

My pussy convulsed around his dick. I shuddered as the heat washed out of me. It was such an excellent moment. I groaned, my body bucking as the pleasure washed over me. It was outstanding to feel all that bliss sweeping through me.

I groaned, my cunt writhing and my asshole spasming. I suckled at both men's cocks. Daddy pounded my naughty bowels. Mr. Carpenter's face twisted in delight as my twat suckled at his big dick. They both were so hunky.

Cum in me! I squealed.

Shit, Portia, Daddy grunted and buried to the hilt in my asshole. What a little whore!

He erupted.

Yes! I squealed as Daddy's cum pumped into my asshole. Ooh, ooh, flood me, Daddy!

Goddamn, yes! growled Mr. Carpenter as his cock erupted into my pussy.

I trembled as his cum filled up my cunt. There was so much of his spunk flooding my twat. I loved feeling all that jizz blasting into my twat. It was an incredible rush to have all that pleasure flooding through me. 

I groaned at the heat washing through me. It was outstanding. Just an incredible rush to feel. The pleasure swept through me. I groaned at how amazing it was having all that bliss washing through me as the two men filled me up.

My fucking daughter's a whore! growled Daddy.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned in abject delight, my asshole writhing around his dick. Yes, yes, that's so good!

I milked him. I loved the feel of his cum spurting into my asshole while my pussy writhed around Mr. Carpenter's cock. He filled my snatch up with his jizz. I loved having his seed spurt against my cervix. That was just so perfect for a worthless whore.

I shuddered, staring down at him as my cunt worked out all his jizz. He fired one last blast into my pussy as Daddy flooded my asshole with all of his cum. I trembled as I had made them both cum. I made them feel amazing.

Shit, shit, shit, Mr. Carpenter groaned. You know what to do!

I have to suck your dick clean, Daddy! I gasped as he pulled out of my bowels. I shuddered as his incestuous rod slid out of my backdoor. That's what worthless whores do.

Damn straight, Daddy groaned.

I rose off Mr. Carpenter's cock and slid off the car. I dropped to my knees and opened my mouth wide. I swallowed Daddy's dirty dick. I slid my lips over his cock and shuddered at the earthy flavor of my asshole on him.

He groaned as I did that while Mr. Carpenter's cum spilled out of my pussy. His jizz ran down my thighs as I suckled on Daddy's cock. I nursed on him with all that I had. I bobbed my head, working my mouth up and down that big, throbbing dick.

This was so wild. I nursed on him with all that I had. It was fantastic to suckle on him like that. I worked my mouth up and down his cock. He groaned as I did that. He stared at me with this wild hunger in his eyes.

I loved the sight as I suckled on him. I nursed on him with all my might. My cheeks hollowed as he groaned. I swirled my tongue around his dirty dick. He groaned as I polished his pole. I suckled with all my might.

Someone, come fuck this worthless whore, said Mr. Carpenter. I have to get going.

I'll fuck her! a guy said. One of the onlookers, probably. I didn't care. I just wanted his cock in me.

I suckled on Daddy's cock. I bobbed my head, working my mouth up and down his dick as Mr. Carpenter's cum leaked out of my pussy. The stranger unzipped behind me. I suckled hard on Daddy's dirty dick, eager for the new guy to fuck me. 

Pound my daughter's worthless cunt, growled Daddy. He stared down at me, his tie falling over his silk shirt. He watched me suckling on his dirty dick. She's just a slut. I can't believe I didn't see she was a fucking whore like her mother.

I shuddered and nursed so hard on his cock as the stranger pressed his dick into the folds of my sloppy cunt. The man groaned and thrust into me. I shuddered as this shaft buried into my depths. I moaned around Daddy's cock, loving the silky friction burning in my twat.

Shit, that's good, the stranger moaned as he filled me up. 

My entire body quivered in delight as the stranger's nuts slapped into my clit. That wonderful impact of hairy balls on my sensitive nub had me moaning in delight around Daddy's dirty dick. The earthy flavor of my asshole suffused my taste buds.

I swirled my tongue around his cock, watching his face. He groaned in delight as I did that. I was so happy to make him feel good like this. Just so happy indeed. I suckled with all my might on him, polishing his pole for all I could.

The stranger hammered my cunt. He fucked my pussy with force. I loved how he did that. He buried into me over and over again. I shuddered, enjoying every last second of the cock fucking my juicy twat.

I squeezed my sloppy cunt around the stranger as he moaned, Fucking rich cunt is this best!

Fuck my whore-daughter, Daddy groaned as I suckled on his cock.

I fucking am! the guy groaned as he hammered my twat.

He fucked me with force. He buried to the hilt in my pussy with such passion. I squeezed my cunt down around him, reveling in him fucking me as I suckled the sour flavor off my ass. It was a delicious flavor to enjoy. 

But it was fading fast.

The salty flavor of Daddy's precum grew stronger and stronger. I suckled hard, wanting to taste his incestuous cum. I hungered for it so badly. I ached for that jizz as I squeezed my twat around the stranger's dick.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, he grunted as he fucked away at my cunt.

I loved it.

I wiggled my hips, stirring my cunt around that big dick fucking me. He buried into me over and over again. He fucked to the hilt in my snatch. I squeezed my cunt down around him. I loved how his big dick buried into my pussy again and again. He plowed into me with such force. It was outstanding to feel.

My pussy melted around his cock. Jizz dripped down my thighs. My fake tits jiggled beneath me as I suckled on Daddy's cock. I nursed on him with all that I could. It was just such a rush to have all this pleasure building and building in me.

I gripped him with my hot, tight snatch. I wiggled my hips back and forth, stirring my cunt around that delicious dick. I suckled hard on Daddy's shaft. He groaned, his face twisting in delight. He looked so sharp with his tie on.

My fucking daughter, Daddy grunted. Shit!

He erupted.

I groaned in delight as all this wonderful cum pumped into my mouth. It was just such a perfect delight to swallow. I gulped it all down, loving how wonderful it was to drink it all down. My pussy clamped down hard on the cock fucking me.

His hairy balls slapped my clit.

I burst in delight.

My cunt writhed around his cock. I shuddered, loving the way he fucked me. It was such a hot delight having him bury into my twat over and over again. I loved how he fucked my spasming snatch. I shuddered, savoring the pleasure washing through my body.

Goddamn fuck! he growled and buried into my snatch.

He erupted.

I had cum pumping into my body from both ends. I swallowed Daddy's cum as my cunt milked the stranger's cock. I worked at his dick, loving all that pleasure washing out of me. It was just an amazing moment. 

It was so fantastic feeling all that delight washing through me. I enjoyed every last second of it as my cunt spasmed around the stranger's erupting cock. I milked his dick as he grunted, pumping more and more of his cum into my twat.

Yes! Daddy groaned as he flooded my mouth with all that jizz.

I swallowed it all, reveling in that delight. It was fantastic to enjoy. I savored every last second of it. I loved the way Daddy's cum poured down my throat. It was such a creamy treat. I groaned, swallowing every last drop of jizz.

It all poured down my throat as my cunt worked out all the jizz from the stranger's cock. He groaned as he erupted one last time. I had so much jizz in me. Two loads in my pussy and asshole and one in my belly.

It was perfect.

Fuck, the stranger groaned and ripped his cock out of my pussy.

Going for that ass, another stranger said. 

Enjoy, man, the first said.

Yes, Daddy growled. Enjoy my daughter's whore-ass.

I shuddered as I kept suckling on his cock as the new dick pressed into my butt-crack and found my sphincter. He thrust against my anal ring. Daddy's cum lubed the way. The second stranger popped in with ease.

I moaned around Daddy's cock, loving it.

Fucking slut, he growled and his cock twitched in my mouth.

A moment later, a hot stream of piss flooded my mouth. I gasped at the acrid flavor. But I was a worthless whore, so I swallowed all of Daddy's urine. I gulped it down while the second stranger invaded my asshole.

He bottomed out in me as Daddy pissed in my mouth. The warm urine poured down my throat and filled my belly. I shuddered, wiggling my hips from side to side, stirring my asshole around the second stranger's cock.

Shit, he groaned and drew back. 

My asshole clamped down on him as I swallowed more and more of Daddy's cum. I gulped down all that hot and acrid piss as the stranger buried his cock back into my bowels. He plowed deep and hard into my anal sheath.

I loved that feeling. He buried deep and hard into my anal sheath. He slammed to the hilt in me again and again. He fucked me with such passion. I loved it. I wiggled my hips from side to side, reveling in this moment.

The heat melted through me as he pounded my anal sheath. My orgasm built into my pussy as I swallowed Daddy's piss. He grunted as his flow slowed to a trickle. I suckled on him as two more spurts of urine flooded my mouth.

I gulped it down.

Daddy ripped out of my mouth and panted, Fucking whore.

I am, Daddy! I moaned, squeezing my asshole around the guy's cock.

He fucked me hard and fast, jizz dripping out of my cunt. The stranger churned up my asshole as mores watched on. I had to please them all. This was so hot. It was just such a wicked moment. I loved every last second of that big dick fucking my asshole. 

I wiggled my hips from side to side, the pleasure building and building in my asshole. I hurtled toward that wonderful moment of cumming. I gripped his cock with my tight bowels as he pounded me hard.

Fast.

Shit, he groaned. I'm going to cum!

Cum in me! I moaned as he churned up my asshole, my orgasm about to burst in me. I was such a slut, it didn't take much to make me cum now.

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped as a new stranger moved up to fuck my mouth. I'm a worthless whore!

I burst with another orgasm.

My asshole convulsed around the stranger's cock, the taste of Daddy's piss filling my mouth. I shuddered through the rapture, my anal sheath convulsing and writhing around that big dick. The pleasure swept through me.

Fuck! the second stranger growled and buried into my convulsing bowels.

He erupted.

His cum pumped into my anal sheath. He filled me up with spurt after spurt of cum. It was a wild delight having all that heat sweeping through me. Stars burst across my sight. I loved the heat washing through me. 

The pleasure was fantastic. I shuddered, my anal sheath convulsing around the stranger's cock. I stared at the new guy unzipping his pants. I licked my lips, so wanting to suckle on that dick. My phone beeped in the background.

Someone had commented on my Instagram post.

My orgasm peeked in me as I milked the second stranger's cock dry. I opened my mouth wide and swallowed the newest cock, so glad to be a worthless whore. Chaz was so wise to have Mr. Carpenter teach me a lesson.

This was what I deserved. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Derrick Carpenter

Once your done fucking all the guys, head to Hot Adult Time Videos to star in your first gangbang vid, I commented on Portia's post as I waited at the last light before the airport. I left the address. Worthless whores deserve to be seen by all.

I smiled as the light turned green. My wife had already texted me that they had landed. I headed through the traffic and pulled up at arrivals to find Karin and our four daughters with their luggage. I smiled as I climbed out of the car.

Sorry for being late, I said, a worthless rich bitch whore rear-ended me.

And you helped Good Guy Chaz teach her a lesson? my wife asked with a knowing twinkle in her eyes.

I winked at Karin as Bell threw herself at me and kissed me. Her three sisters were hot on her heels. It was good to have my girls and wife back. I enjoyed my new life thanks to Chaz's profile. Why it worked, I had no idea.

No idea at all. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Figure watched the Carpenters through the mist. This diversion had run its course. Derrick Carpenter would continue to use Chaz's profile however he saw fit, but the Figure had a new idea consuming its imagination.

A venture into a new... genre, as it were. An adaptation of another project that had born such delicious fruit. It was eager to see how this new game would play out. Very, very eager in deed. It just had to find the right person.

The END