It Began with a Shower
by Midnight Jam ©

Brooke had lived in the apartment complex for some time now and knew most 
of the neighbors. She was just finishing up college and although most of 
the neighbors were a little older everyone got a long good. There was this 
guy (Steve) who lived next door whom she had flirted with mildly but due 
to their age difference (he was in his 30's) nothing further ever came of 
it. 

Every day at about 10:30 Brooke would get home from her part time job and 
take a shower. On this particular night, she came home, went into her 
bathroom, but just before she was about to start her shower, she 
remembered she needed to run out to her car for something. As she walked 
outside she decided to take the shortcut between the buildings to the 
parking lot. 

To her astonishment she saw someone behind the bushes peering in through 
her bathroom window, which with the lights on and blinds open was clearly 
visible. He was hidden by the bushes pretty good but she could still make 
out that it was Steve her neighbor.

She was outraged that he was invading her privacy, but at the same time 
very turned on at the thought that he had been secretly watching her 
obviously for some time now. Brooke turned around and quietly crept back 
inside while she contemplated what to do. She had butterflies in her 
stomach and was starting to feel extremely erotic. The thought that he was 
turned on by watching her was very appealing to her and she decided to 
take her shower anyways.

As Brooke approached the bathroom again she felt tingles running all 
through her body. It was dark out and she wouldn't be able to see out but 
Steve would be able to see everything. She walked to the front of the 
vanity and turned her back to the window, which was adjacent to the 
shower. Brooke removed her clothes and turned herself towards the window 
without looking directly at it. She could almost feel his eyes on her 
completely nude body. Her breasts were full and shapely and her pussy was 
trimmed neatly. She wondered if he liked what he saw. A smirk came across 
her face as she stepped into the shower. 

Brooke lathered up her hair and rinsed it out. She took the bar of soap 
and began sudsing it up with her hands. She turned to face the window and 
started rubbing her hands all over her breasts lathering them up. The 
thought of his eyes on her got her turned on and her nipples started 
getting erect. Brooke continued massaging her chest stopping to pinch and 
feel her sprouting nipples occasionally, she knew this had to be driving 
him wild. 

She reached lower and grazed her fingers along her pussy. The tingles went 
down her spine as she thought about what she was about to do, and then she 
just did it. Brooke lifted her leg up and placed her foot on the side of 
the tub. She knew that from his vantage point Steve could peer right 
between her legs and see her opening pretty well. She began teasing 
herself running her fingers along the sides of her pussy lips, holding 
them apart so he could see better. The tension was building and Brooke's 
clit was throbbing and in need of attention so she began rubbing it. 

Steve couldn't believe his luck as he gazed through the window and watched 
Brooke's fingers working their magic. Brooke slid one then two fingers 
through her opening and began sliding them in and out as her climax was 
building to a peak. Suddenly she felt that familiar numbness building and 
a powerful orgasm ripped through her entire body. She continued rubbing 
her fingers into her pulsating pussy as she bucked forward trying to ride 
each wave to its fullest. Brook's body was shaking as the contractions 
ripped through her as the intensity finally got to her and she closed her 
legs upon her soaked hand and squeezed it tight as the waves finally 
started to subside.

Satisfied she had achieved her exhibitionist goal she gathered herself 
together and finished her shower and went to bed.Brooke knew Steve would 
be watching and gave him regular shows whenever she showered at night. The 
sexual tension between the 2 was building and it was only a matter of time 
before release was needed.

One night after her shower Brooke walked into her bedroom with her towel 
wrapped around herself. Suddenly she felt some strong arms wrap around her 
and cover her mouth so she wouldn't scream. Brooke wondered if it was 
Steve and he had finally been teased enough and wanted some action now. In 
an instant a knit hat was pulled over her eyes and she was forced to the 
bed helplessly overpowered. Brooke could feel her towel being ripped off 
and someone's hands exploring her curvy body. He was rough with her and 
from behind he cupped her breasts in his hands feeling their girth. He 
squeezed her nipples between his fingertips very hard as her body 
shivered. 

He was behind her and brooke could feel him against her ass. He was 
wedging himself between her legs prying them apart until they were spread 
wide. Suddenly Brooke could feel what felt like his cock poking at her 
pussy opening. She tried to resist but was no match for his power and soon 
could feel his hard on penetrating. His cock was large and she felt a 
tinge of pain as he worked it inside her tunnel. He began moving it in and 
out slowly at first but soon with more urgency. Once she adjusted to his 
size and humping motion it became more pleasant. 

Steve could feel Brooke's tight young pussy wrapped around his cock and 
was in heaven. All those times he had watched her masturbate in the shower 
and dreamed about fucking her were flashing through his mind as he felt 
his sperm building. He knew he wouldn't last too much longer and wanted to 
savor every second of this experience so he just plunged his cock all the 
way into her and held it there for a while. 

Brooke felt completely filled and began contracting her pussy muscles 
around his massive cock squeezing it tightly. This was more then he could 
handle and suddenly a thick wad of cum exploded out the tip of his cock. 
His cock was twitching uncontrollably now with large spurts of his warm 
cream shooting deep inside Brooke. Almost simultaneously Brooke felt the 
waves flowing through her own body. She was cumming also and her pussy was 
contracting wildly around his exploding cock. They both lay still in 
ecstasy as the twitching and contractions ran their course. 

Steve pulled out his cock and hurried out of her apartment pulling up his 
trousers as he left the door. Brooke just laid there on her belly as their 
mingled juices began dripping from her gaping hole. She thought to herself 
about what had just happened and realized she probably had it coming and 
what the hell she even enjoyed it. 

