                            Swing Party
                            Lust 4 Life

Aspen and her boyfriend go to a mixed race swingers party and enjoy a mass orgy. 
M+/F+, true.

Preparation for a Party

Aspen felt the butterflies in her stomach as she applied her makeup, looking at herself in 
the mirror. She was eagerly looking forward to the evening ahead of her, thinking Girl, 
youre gonna ride some cock tonight, make a few pairs of balls very happy. She & her 
boyfriend were getting ready to go to a swingers party. They had been in the lifestyle for 
awhile, swinging with a few other couples but this would be their first large party, thrown 
by a couple they had recently met. Aspen loved the feeling of a mans cum inside her 
pussy making it all wet and squishy and then leaking out later. Cum from several men just 
made it better.

Aspen knew she had a nice body, despite being over 40. A couple of years ago she had 
entered amateur night at a local all nude strip club and won first place. She was short with 
curves in all the right places, shoulder length dark hair, sultry brown eyes, and knew how 
to make a man melt with desire with a sultry look.

Finally she was ready, short black skirt, thong panties, lacy black bra, and low cut black 
silk blouse. She and her boyfriend kept looking at each other, giggling and squeezing 
hands as they headed to the car and drove to the party. He of course was looking forward 
to shooting his load in a few new pussies this evening and watching Aspen getting 
fucked. This promised to be an evening of adventure and firsts: Not only would it be 
their first large group experience, but probably Aspens first time with a black man 
(Aspen and her boyfriend were white). Their host and hostess were Hispanic and had told 
them this would be a mixed race party. Her boyfriend had sampled black pussy but 
Aspen had never had a black cock.

Soon they arrived at the party: the host and hostess had rented a 2 floor suite at a local 
hotel, beds upstairs and down. Aspen and her boyfriend were the second couple to arrive 
(third counting the host and hostess). The first couple were a tall white woman (Sandra) 
and her boyfriend (Thomas), an equally tall black man, 6 3. Soon the other couples 
drifted in, another black man, white woman married couple (Phillip and Susan), a black 
man, black woman married couple (Sam, Laura), 2 white bulls (Justin, Fred) and 2 white 
unicorns (Sally, Terri), a total of 14. Most of the others had been to previous parties 
thrown by the host and hostess, but they did not all know each other, so several rounds of 
introductions took place as the guests arrived. For awhile they all stood around chit 
chatting.

First Couplings

Soon the tall white woman and one of the black woman, both with large DD breasts 
began discussing who had the larger breasts. The black woman pulled her tube top down 
once revealing her massive breasts and the host buried his face in them for a few minutes 
before she covered them up again. While Aspens breasts were closer to a C cup, on her 
smaller frame they were equally impressive and she shucked her black blouse, revealing 
them in her lacy black bra.

Soon the host and the tall black man (Thomas) asked her if she would like to head 
upstairs to the bed up there. She consented and allowed them to lead her up the stairs by 
the hand. Soon their hands and lips were all over her and all three quickly removed their 
clothes. Aspen got on the bed on her hands and knees facing the black mans crotch while 
their host approached her from behind, running his fingers up and down her slit, turning 
her on and making her pussy start getting wet for the fuckings about to come. She took 
Thomass dick in her mouth, gently sucking it while cupping his large testicles. His prick 
quickly grew to enormous size. While her boyfriend was a bit larger than average, and she 
had been with many men, this was by far the largest penis she had ever seen. Soon her 
head was sliding back and forth with the large black member in her mouth, her tongue 
laving the tube on the underside while her fingers cupped his scrotum, holding his balls, 
while their host continued to finger her now very wet pussy. She was vaguely aware that 
several of the other guests had come up the stairs and were standing around watching the 
three of them on the bed.

After a few minutes, Thomas pulled his dick from her mouth and moved around onto the 
bed behind her while their host came around in front of her. She felt the head of his 
enormous penis touch her vaginal lips, sliding up and down, separating them, moistening 
the head with her juices. As she waited for him to mount her, she wondered if she would 
be able to take such a large dick. And then she felt him pressing forward, his dick 
entering her, sliding in, stretching her. In a couple of strokes he was fully embedded in 
her. She was surprised, but he seemed to fit easily, with no more effort than her boyfriend 
despite the apparent size. She leaned back, luxuriating in the feeling of her pussy filled 
with a hard male cock fully embedded in her, her first black cock, ready to be fucked, 
ready to take his hot seed deep into her body. Then the black dick in her pussy began 
thrusting, fucking her pussy, his large balls banging against her clit with each stroke 
causing her to moan in pleasure. Their host came around standing in front of her and she 
began sucking his cock while bouncing against Thomas on each stroke of his hard cock in 
her pussy.

Now Susan and Sam, naked, crawled onto the bed next to Aspen and Sam mounted her 
doggy style, and began fucking her. Aspens boyfriend crawled onto the bed in front of 
Susan and she began sucking his cock while Sam fucked her from behind. Aspens 
boyfriend looked over at her and they smile at each other, Aspen getting fucked, her 
boyfriend getting sucked. Aspen was vaguely aware that their hostess and Justin were 
standing naked next to the bed, groping each other and watching the action on the bed.

Thomass hard cock driving in her pussy caused her to moan in pleasure and soon she lost 
focus on the cock in her mouth, concentrating instead on the sensations in her pussy as it 
gripped the hard shaft driving into the center of her womanhood. Beside her Susan too 
was moaning loudly in pleasure gasping, Oh, fuck! Fuck me with that hard dick! Oh god 
that feels good! The sensations kept building in Aspens pussy until she pushed back 
hard against Thomas to get as much of his hard dick inside her as she could, as her pussy 
began spasming in orgasm. She cried out, Oh shit! Im cumming! Oh fuck me, Im 
cumming! As her orgasm subsided she gasped, Oh keep fucking me! I want to feel your 
hot jizz in my pussy! Thomas groaned in answer and began thrusting harder. Meanwhile, 
Aspen was aware that her hostess was now on the bed on her other side, on her back and 
Justin was mounting her missionary style, sinking his cock into her pussy and fucking her. 
There were now 3 couples fucking on the bed. Aspen was aware that her boyfriend had 
left (like her, Susan was too engrossed in the feelings in her cunt to focus on sucking at 
the moment).

Soon she felt the intensity of Thomas thrusting increase, his penis getting even harder 
inside her and her him gasping in pleasure and knew he was about to shoot inside her, 
release his hot sperm deep inside her pussy. Oh yes! Fuck me! Give it to me! Give me 
your cum! she cried. And then she felt it, Thomas jerked, pushing hard against her, 
pushing his penis as deeply  into her as he could, and he groaned loudly. She knew he 
was cumming in her, shooting his seed deep inside her and suddenly she felt the 
increased warmth and wetness of his semen inside her and she moaned in pleasure as well 
as Thomas continued to spew into her. Finally he relaxed and she felt his penis shrinking, 
then sliding out of her pussy. On either side of her, Susan and Sam and her hostess and 
Justin were fucking.

The Fucking Continues

Now Fred walked up in front of her, naked, his cock half hard and anxious for attention. 
Opening her mouth she eagerly took him into her mouth and began sucking, while playing 
with his balls. His prick rapidly grew to a full erection, pointing out from his body, eager 
to fuck. Aspen cupped his balls, full of his sperm and laid back spreading her legs wide in 
invitation for him. Fred crawled between her legs and quickly slid his hard cock into her 
wet pussy. Since she was already lubricated from her and Thomas sex juices and already 
stretched out from her first fuck, he easily slid into her his full length on the first stroke 
and began eagerly fucking her. Next to her she heard Justins belly slapping against their 
hostess, Justin panting as he neared ejaculation, and then he was groaning as he emptied 
his balls into her waiting cunt. On her other side, Sam took a break and their host replaced 
him, fucking Susan from behind.

The fucking continued, their host screwing Susan from behind while Fred eagerly thrust 
his hard penis into Aspens pussy. Soon Aspens hips starting jerking uncontrollably up 
against Fred as a second orgasm swept through her pussy. Now Fred was clearly nearing 
his climax, getting ready to shoot a second load of host cum into Aspens pussy, his ass 
rising and falling between her legs as his cock thrust eagerly into her. Then he gasped as 
his ass clenched, pushing deep into her and Aspen and those watching knew that Fred 
was climaxing, shooting his sperm into her. He relaxed and sitting back, pulled his rapidly 
deflating penis from Aspens vagina.

Aspen lay enjoying the sensations in her pussy from two orgasms or her own, two cocks 
delivering two loads of cum to fill her, and watched their host screwing Susan. Susan had 
been in near continual orgasm for quite some time, moaning and crying out. Now at last 
their host was approaching his orgasm as he finally cried out in pleasure, Unh! Unh! Ah-
h-h! and his hips jerked against Susans ass as his deeply buried cock unleashed its 
stream of semen into her waiting pussy. Aspen started to beckon to Phillip to come join 
her, but Justin, recovering from his orgasm with their hostess and turned on by Aspens 
hot body and eager attitude, beat him to her and started kissing her and massaging her.

Aspen responded in kind, kissing Justin and fondling his recovering cock and large 
testicles. His enthusiasm for her turned her on and made her want to feel him thrusting 
into her. Meanwhile Laura had finally decided to join the action, stripping off her clothes 
and leading Thomas back to the bed where she was sucking him back to an erection. 
Aspen loved the feeling of Justins heavy, large balls in her hands. Somehow the 
knowledge that he had pumped one load of semen from those testicles into another 
womb already that evening, and now wanted to plant more of his seed in her, turned her 
on. His cock was still slimy with the combined juices of his previous coupling. As his 
hands caressed her body, show lowered her head, taking his dick into her mouth. She 
could taste the combined juices, the unmistakable taste of a woman combined with those 
of a mans semen, the taste of sex, and she loved the feeling of a mans cock growing to 
full hardness in her mouth. The fact that she could cause a man to get so hard for her, 
with desire to fuck her, to plant his seed in her body turned her on. Next to her she 
noticed Thomass black ass rising and falling between Lauras legs as he too fucked for a 
second time. She was also aware of several people standing around watching the action 
on the bed, watching her get Justin ready to add another load of male cream to her 
already full pussy.

Soon Justins cock was hard, sticking out from his body eager to fuck. He pushed her 
back and she willingly complied, laying back and once again spreading her legs wide in 
lewd invitation to a man to mount her, fuck her. The sight of her exposed and waiting 
pussy excited Justin and he quickly crawled between her legs and brought the head of his 
eager penis to her opening and slid in, joining them. They both gasped in pleasure as his 
cock slid into and stretched her pussy, as her pussy caressed his shaft, welcoming it in her 
soft embrace. Their loins crashed together and she wrapped her arms around his back 
while he pulled her to him. Now Justin began fucking, his cock sliding back and forth in 
her wet pussy. Aspen opened her mouth and Justin eagerly kissed her, tongues swirling 
together and their bodies continued fucking.

The two continued to thrust against each other, gasping, groaning in pleasure as Justins 
cock moved in Aspens vagina, his balls slapping her ass while their tongues danced. In 
the background, Aspen could hear Laura groaned beside her, Oh fuck yeah! Oh Im 
cumming again as Thomas continued to drive his cock into her pussy. Soon Thomas 
gasped, Oh, Im gonna cum in you! Laura urged him on, Yes, do it, do it! Shoot your 
cum in my hot pussy. Aspen and Justin looked at each other smiling as they continued 
fucking and then both looked over when they heard Thomas groan, Oh, here it is! Unh! 
Unh! Ah-h-h! His ass clenched as he pushed against Laura and they moaned together. 
Justin and Aspen knew Thomas penis was convulsing inside Laura, shooting his cum into 
her. The scene increased their desire and they looked back at each other, kissing, tongues 
swirling as Justin drove his cock into Aspens pussy with renewed vigor. Aspen could 
feel his cock probing deep inside her, stretching, and she pushed up to meet him, spread 
her legs wide to allow him the deepest penetration. Soon he gasped, Im gonna cum in 
you! Aspen replied, Yes! Yes I want it. Give it to me!, looking him in the eyes. 
Suddenly he pushed hard into her and she felt his cock throb heavily inside her and knew 
he was shooting his sperm into her. After several seconds of his cock pulsing inside her, 
she felt him relax, groaning in relief.

Aspen looked over and saw Thomas and Laura looking at them, smiling.

Meanwhile Downstairs

With Justins ejaculation, the action upstairs seemed to hit a temporary lull. The spent 
participants and the watchers gradually gathered themselves together, most at least 
putting on a robe or long blouse or underwear, and drifted downstairs. Here the scene 
was much the same  people standing, sitting, or laying around momentarily sated, 
catching their breath, regaining their strength for another round of couplings. Aspen saw 
her boyfriend lounging on a sofa, a relaxed, I cant do much but grin, Ive just been laid 
look on his face. She plopped down next to him and asked, How you doing? You look 
satisfied. He grinned a bit more, Oh yeah, fucked Laura and Terri and he pointed to 
the downstairs bedroom. Watched you a bit upstairs  looked like you were having fun! 
You looked hot with your legs spread and Freds penis sliding in and out of that hot 
pussy.

Aspen grinned, and dropping her hand to his crotch asked, Got any more left for me? 
She squeezed the bulging lump in his underwear and felt it twitch in response. Oh! Feels 
like maybe you still want to play? He answered, You bet! You are so hot, you turn me 
on so much. You know I love to feel my hard dick sliding in your hot pussy and feel my 
sperm shooting into you! He reached over and massaged one of her bare breasts. She 
stood and taking him by the hand, led him into the downstairs bedroom. They quickly 
shed their underwear and he laid back on the bed. Crawling up on the bed next to him 
she cupped his balls in her hand and lowered her head, taking his penis in her mouth. She 
could taste the mix of juices on it, male semen and female lubrication, as it began growing 
again in her mouth. Inspired by their activity, Justin now led Terri in and the two of them 
began fondling each other. Soon both men were hard and ready to fuck. The women lay 
back, facing opposite directions and spread their legs as the men mounted them, hard 
cocks again sliding into wet, now well lubricated pussies, and began fucking. Aspen was 
vaguely aware of people from the other room looking in, watching the 2 couples fucking 
on the bed.

Aspen lay back, reveling in the feeling of her boyfriends hard penis sliding back and 
forth in her cunt, his balls slapping her ass on each stroke. She pulled her legs apart to 
allow him deeper penetration, groaning in pleasure as he thrust into her. Soon she felt 
another orgasm building as she pushed up to meet his thrusts, and then it hit her, her body 
clenched, she wrapped her legs around him and held on, his dick buried deep inside her 
and her body shuddered in orgasm. Finally it passed, leaving the usual warm afterglow 
and she relaxed while her boyfriend continued his thrusting. As she was positioned, she 
was looking at Justins ass rising and falling between Terris legs, his big balls moving up 
and down as his cock thrust into her. By his groans she could tell Justin was nearing his 
orgasm. Aspen reached over and could just reach between his legs to massage the area 
between his balls and his ass, and run her fingers over his balls. Justin groaned and 
pushed into Terri, his body jerking. Aspen could feel the strong pulsing behind his balls as 
he pumped squirt after squirt of his sperm into her. A few minutes later Justin turned and 
said, Wow! Your timing was perfect! That really sent me over the edge!

Now Aspen returned her attention to her boyfriend who was also nearing his climax. 
Staring up at him she husked, Yes, come on! Give it to me! I want to feel your hot cum 
inside me! He was thrusting hard now, driving toward his finish, holding her close with 
his cock buried deep inside her as the pressure built at the base of his penis. Then she felt 
his rhythm break as it always did just before he ejaculated, and he pushed into her 
shoving frantically as he moaned his pleasure and she felt him throbbing inside her, 
adding his sperm to the 3 loads already in her vagina.

He finally relaxed, still occasionally twitching inside her when their host approached 
smiling, and asked, Did you get her warmed up and lubricated for me? Her boyfriend 
just moaned in pleasure and rolled off her onto his back and answered, Sure did! 
Enjoy! Host was half hard from watching the action on the bed. He crawled up on the 
bed and Aspen took his half hard penis in her mouth and suck on him until he was hard 
and ready to fuck. Laying back she spread her legs in wanton invitation and watched as 
he crawled between her legs, his erection standing out eager to fuck. He lowered himself, 
bringing the head to the entrance to her pussy and slid in. Aspen closed her eyes and 
moaned in pleasure as his penis thrust in and out of her ravaged pussy. She was too tired 
to cum again, but just lay back and enjoyed the sensations in her pussy as her host fucked 
her. Soon he moaned, Oh, Im gonna cum! Yes, do it, fuck me good and shoot your 
load in me Aspen moaned back, Soon his body jerked as he ejaculated inside her, 
emptying his balls in her.

Later, sitting with the other in the lounge area, Aspen heard bodies slapping together 
upstairs. Curious, she walked up and say Thomas laying on his back being sucked by 
Susan while Phillip fucked her from behind. Meanwhile Laura was being fucked from 
behind by Sam. Aspen watched for awhile before heading back downstairs. A bit later, 
after groans, moans, and screams of orgasm from upstairs, Laura, Thomas, and Phillip 
rejoined the group but soon bodies were heard slapping together again and a female voice 
crying out in pleasure and passion: Susan getting it one more time from Sam. Meanwhile, 
downstairs, Terri with a loose blouse and no panties was sitting in Freds lap grinding her 
naked pussy against his crotch trying to entire him to one more round.

Aspen and her boyfriend just smiled and squeezed each other  a wonderful sexy 
evening.

