Studying Abroad
byTiffany8©

Studying Abroad Pt. 01

*****

Jaime had been preparing for this trip for what had felt like years but really had only been a couple of months. She had been packing her bags for the last two weeks to make sure she had everything since she was going to Fiji to study abroad. She knew anything that she did not have it would be difficult to obtain within a timely manner.

She was just finishing up in the shower and figured it was time to shave her pussy hair since she figured bikini season was an all year thing in Fiji. She decided to keep a little landing strip no more than an inch long and no thicker than a pencil. She looked at it and approved since this was the sexiest styling she had ever done to her pussy hair.

Her outfit for the flight was a comfy yet cute one: a floral, tube-top dress that came to mid thigh. The inner lining functioned as a bra so no bra was needed and it was too tight to wear with any panties even her no-show thongs would show through. She sarcastically cursed her wide hips and thick ass for forcing to go commando. She looked at herself in the mirror and already loved that her ass looked firm yet plump and the dress was still very modest.

She normally didn't go without any underwear but she wanted to look cute, be comfortable, and she would be sitting for most of this journey. Jaime double checked her luggage one final time making sure plenty of bras and underwear were packed and the rest of her warmer climate wardrobe was packed.

Jaime slightly jumped at the sound of a knock on her apartment door. It was her mom and immediately she embraced Jaime with all her might and began to cry. Jaime was the only child and since her mom was a divorcee Jaime was all she had. Even living away from her mother, Jaime was still a 5 minute drive away. 

Jaime felt tears welling up at the sight of her own mother crying and told her holding back her tears "Mom, I'll be alright I promise. You have to promise me to take care of yourself. You should really try to get a boyfriend while you are at it or maybe just a cat." Her mom chuckled at Jaime's comment while wiping away her own tears.

Her mother had confidence in her daughter but this was the first time Jaime had even been outside the state let alone the country by herself. Her mom made sure she had plenty of everything and hinted at undergarments to her daughter. She told her that you can never have to many panties.

Jaime said, "I made sure I have plenty of everything, Mom. I'm just so excited to actually be able to have this opportunity. I cannot believe my school is giving me the opportunity to study abroad." Her mom embraced her once more and the tears began to flow. This time Jaime could not hold back her own tears because leaving her mom was one of the hardest things she has ever had to do.

**************

Her mom dropped her off at the airport, hugged Jaime one last time. With no more tears to possibly shed, they said their goodbyes and her mom told her to call her when she has arrived in Fiji. With luggage in hand, she approached her airlines' desk to drop off her luggage and get her boarding pass. 

She then goes to the security checkpoint line and figures that there must not be too many people flying out as she immediately got up to the front of the line. She takes off her sandals and places her bag on the conveyor belt. She hands her boarding pass and license to the female TSA agent. 

She walks through the metal detector and it goes off on her. The TSA agent lets her go through again and tells her to be sure she no metal on her such as rings or bracelets. "I got nothing else on me but my dress," Jaime says with a smile. She goes through again and it goes off again. 

The TSA agent lets her know that she might just have to remove her dress because there may be some metal in the underwire of the top of Jaime's dress. She told her there is really not too many people around so being in her underwear for a short amount of time should not be a huge problem. Jaime whispered to her, "I kinda can't do that since I didn't wear any underwear underneath. Is there any other way that does not require me to strip naked?"

The TSA agent felt sorry for Jaime but told her there was no other way for her to get through security as the full body scan was not working. Jaime cursed herself for at least not wearing a thong but she knew her luggage was already making its way through the airport and she still had a flight to catch. 

Jaime's heart begins to beat fast within her chest and eventually just gives in to the situation. She places both hands of each side of her dress and pulls the dress over her 34D breasts, down her streamline waist, and finally over her plump, toned butt. Her auburn hair comes down just above her butt so that leaves her butt exposed as she covers her exposed boobs and pussy. 

She places it on the conveyor belt and hurries through the metal detector. No beep but clearly the TSA agent was checking her out. Even the TSA running the x-ray machine was sucking in a fully naked Jaime. Suddenly more people start to show up and everyone saw Jaime's sexy toned, naked body in its full exposure.

Wolf whistles can be heard and men seem to be pushing to get to her line to get a closer look. It feels like forever for her dress to come out and she feels the men's piercing her exposed ass, breasts and pussy. Jaime places her hands quickly to cover her exposed pussy and uses the other hand to cover her breasts as best as she could. The men quickly shoved their bags and other belonging on the conveyor belt into the x-ray machine and made their way through the metal detector with no problems and waited patiently next to a naked Jaime.

Her shoes and bag finally appeared and she unconsciously reaches, allowing the men to enjoy her exposed front side and drink in her newly shaved pussy lips. She has the idea to at least cover her butt with her bag and shove her shoes in the bag. An audience has appeared on the other side of her from people that had already passed through security and look as Jaime is only able to cover her butt crack with bag leaving her either ass cheek completely exposed. She resumes her posture of recovering her pussy and her boobs. Jaime feels her nipples have hardened and her pussy has begun to moisten.

Jaime asks the TSA clerk working the X-ray conveyor belt, "Where is my dress? Clearly, it was just a dress. Please hurry it and give it back." He could only apologize and just stared at the exposed skin. More men have gathered around her and the anxious hands boldly begin to feel her ass cheeks while others touch her thigh getting very close to her pussy. The TSA lets her know that it should be appearing any seconds and continued to eat up Jaime's exposed skin.

Her dress finally pokes through and quickly she reaches for it. She lets her hands grab the dress exposing her newly trimmed landing strip that points to bare pussy lips and her dark areolas only enhanced by her untanned 32D breasts. She then hears a rip sound as one of the bags had been pushed on top of her dress and she discovers her dress had been ripped in her haste.

Her examination of her only garment lets all the onlookers absorb Jaime's uncovered tits and pussy. You could see a gleaming wetness between her thighs as Jaime was an exhibitionist. She hugs the dress against her body and runs quickly to the closest bathroom. Her ass becomes exposed to everyone along the way as her bag has moved to her hips and her pussy lips, which have a little puffy droop to them, could be seen between her sexy natural thigh gap as she ran full sprint to the bathroom.

She finds her way to the bathroom and sees women giving concerned looks while others manage to laugh at her accidental exposure. Jaime runs into a stall, quickly slams the stall door and begins to cry about how many men saw her nudity and how many felt her up while she was waiting for her dress, which a huge tear in it and was her only covering. She wipes her tears and feels the heat between her pussy lips begin to build. 

Her left hand sets down her tattered dress on top of the toilet paper dispenser and sets the bag on the floor. Her right hand unconsciously rubbed down her breast, down her flat tummy, and straight for her engorged clit, which was burning for her touch. Her bare feet are placed on each wall of the stall and spread her pussy wide open. She begins to play with her clit and uses her free hand to play with her breasts. 

Jaime had never touched herself in public let alone exposed herself in public. The experience of the eyes and touch of the other people caused her to play with herself within an airport bathroom. She lost conscious thought of who could hear or was wondering what she was doing.

Her fingers encircled her clit while the other hand grabbed her left breast firmly while occasionally gently pulling on her erect nipple. She was letting out soft moans to not let people hear what she was doing. Her wet pussy was squishing as her fingers were being inserted to imitate a dildo, even though she had never experienced one.

Jaime had never had a penis inside her or even had a boyfriend. She was a model student and was more concerned about maintaining her grades, not maintaining her sex life. Her thoughts drifted, inhibitions dwindled, and her moaning was becoming more and more audible. 

The inhibition of staying quieter was gone and an audible moan could now be heard coming from her stall. The urge to cum was building inside her quivering vagina. Her fingers were furiously plunging into her pussy while her other hand began rubbing away on her clit. Jaime was now panting thinking of the men rubbing away on her exposed pussy, sucking her nipples and grabbing her ass. 

Jaime's vagina pulses and feels her body convulse tighten to reach the zenith of her masturbation. Very sexy, loud moans escape her lips and sits back to relax. Suddenly, she starts to feel her ass slipping into the toilet. She catches herself but knocks her dress to the floor. 

She sits up on the toilet and turns beet red realizing what she had done in a public restroom. She also realizes that her dress was knocked to the floor so anyone wondering what she was doing now knew without a doubt she was not just using the restroom. They could have guessed that Jaime just did not take off her dress in order to use the restroom.

Jaime sits on the toilet and allows herself to relieve her bladder since the flight would be long. She regains her composure back and quickly slides on her sandals. She picks her dress off the floor and is quickly reminded her day was far from over despite an incredible erotic masturbation session. 

Her dress had a huge horizontal cut across the bottom of the dress. She was slightly relieved to know that it was still wearable and that her trip would not leave her naked. She slipped it on and realized it the hole that appeared on the front of the dress. She came to the conclusion that the only way to fix this was to rip the cut all the way around. 

For the second time today Jaime willingly slides down her dress but this time she has to augment it and remove a few inches from the bottom. She begins to rip away and she thinks that her favorite dress had been ruined and prays that the dress will just make it until she gets ahold of her luggage in Fiji. She rips it around full circle and shoves the excess fabric into her bag. 

Jaime then pulls her dress back up and boy did she not realize how much she really lost when unfortunately had to rip away at a fabric instead of being able to cut it. She could feel the draft going between her legs and especially up her plump ass. She gulped to think what her dress had become and begins to open the stall door slowly.

She walked to the sink wash her hands and stood back to look in the mirror. Her jaw dropped as she twirled around to see the damage and realized that her new micro dress came to just below her butt. She could not pull down the dress as it would expose her breasts, which had been pushed up her breasts and allowing them to be exposed even further. There was no wiggle room anymore to pull up or pull down on her dress. There was only a very slim line of staying modest and now Jaime really wished she had the protection of underwear. 

Jaime approached her gate walking a little slower than before since her dress was now micro and no longer left anything to the imagination. Passengers were staring as bits of Jaime's ass cheek peaked through with every step she took. She tried to cover it up with her bag again but still felt all eyes, especially the men, were glued to her exposed ass cheeks. She approached her gate and was reminded that she had failed to get back her license and boarding pass from the TSA agent back at security. 

Jaime realized that now that her flight was boarding she needed to hurry back to security and get the two things that get her on the plane. She asked one of the flight attendants at the desk, "Is there any way you can stop the plane from leaving for me? I forgot my boarding pass and license back at security." 

The male just stood there in awe and just stared at how form fitting Jaime's micro dress was, leaving very little to his imagination. The female also appeared slighted stunned by Jaime's questionable outfit choice said that she only had fifteen minutes so she better hurry back. Otherwise she would not make this flight and she would miss out on her once in a lifetime opportunity.

Jaime realized the only way to make it back in time was to run for it. She removed her sandals, shoved them in her bag and ran as fast as she could. Her dress did what any dress or skirt would do: it rode up fully exposing her sexy plump butt in the back and trimmed sexy pussy in the front. 

Jaime could feel the eyes glued to her exposed ass and now fully exposed pussy. Everyone was able to get the mental pictures of Jaime's full butt and she sprinted back to security without any inhibitions of the her state of undress. Jaime could feel the wetness building again and chose to ignore it or she would miss her flight. 

Jaime returned to the same TSA woman, who was surprised by how short her dress had become. Jaime explained, "Someone's luggage had destroyed a part of my dress and I lacked any tools to truly fix it properly." However, the lady was less concerned about her wardrobe. 

All she could do was point down to Jaime's surprise her sexy plump ass and newly clean pussy were being displayed to everyone in the security section of line. Jaime had forgotten to pull her dress down after running over and quickly unrolled her dress to cover everything up as best as her dress allowed her to.

Jaime thanked the lady for holding onto it, tucked her boarding pass and license in her bag, and sprinted back to her gate. She exposed her fine, plump ass one last time for everyone at security. Jaime rushed back, feeling the eyes glued back as she gave her onlookers one finale encore of her ass and bare pussy. 

It was only the male flight attendant now who was staring at Jaime's exposed landing strip that led to her cleanly shave pussy lips. Jaime was taking the opportunity to put on her sandals and unconsciously bent over to do, which exposed her asshole and pussy to anyone looking her direction as she waited for her ticket to process. 

Jaime finally realized what was going on and also realized everyone from behind could see her sexy, plump ass and the bald, puffy lip between her legs. She quickly pulls her dress down that her erect nipples pop out from the top of her dress. The flight attendant's jaw would have hit the floor if that had been possible to basically see Jaime's fully naked body.

Jaime's face turned beet red to accidentally flash the man every bit of her naked body. He finally hands back her boarding pass and license while Jaime makes the necessary adjustments to her dress to where it barely covers everything. He just smiles at her and tells her to have a great flight. Jaime hurries along through the boarding gate moving just quick enough to avoid flashing everyone again.

Jaime makes her way down the filled plane and watches all the eyes light up. The passenger's eyes are lower than the bottom of her dress so they can get an easy view of her uncovered pussy lips and a pretty full view of her plump ass. She finally makes it to her seat and realizes she is in an aisle seat with her newly micro mini dress. 

Her first thought is, "I'm pretty sure all the men looking back at me are getting a free look at my pussy." The men were clearly looking between her legs and her pussy was responding to the attention by increasing its moisture levels. When she sat down, her dress rose up over her hips and left her bare ass and pussy to hit the cool leather seat. 

She attempts to just place her bag onto of her but the passing stewardess lets her know that unfortunately she needs to place it under the seat in front of her or above in the overhead storage. Jaime shoves her bag underneath in the seat in front of her and feels her ass, asshole and pussy being exposed to anyone behind her looking down the aisle to her seat.

Jaime turns red again as she feels the draft hit between her ass cheeks. Jaime tries to cross her legs but the seats in front of her are too close for her to do so. She tries to get her legs together as close as possible but hr landing strip can still be clearly seen from her point of view and can only imagine what the other passengers can see from theirs. She prays this flight goes quicker than how long it's actually supposed to take.

She notices that two men are slowly approaching and staring between Jaime's legs. They stop right next to Jaime and ask her if she can get up so they can squeeze through to their seats. Jaime was really hoping that she was alone in her row but chances of there being any empty seats would be slim to none. Jaime unconsciously springs up and her dress stays up showing the men and anyone looking her firm plump ass and an outline of her pussy lips from behind or her new landing strip and her sexy bald pussy from the front.

The men just stare until Jaime realizes how her dress continues to betray her and she pulls it down even harder and flashes her tits once again to even more men. This time they just soak in Jaime's exposed tits and erect nipples. Jaime's sexual frustration is building and she feels her pussy quivering for her fingers to play with her. She quietly curses how her nudity can contain itself and ushers the two horny men to hurry up and file into their seats.

The men sit down and are greeted by the sight of a great view of Jaime's perfect ass. Jaime quickly notices what the two men are seeing and hurriedly sat down again. The men continue their conversation about Jaime's smoking hot body even though she clearly could here them. 

Jaime looks around to notice the men were looking at her knowing they got to see her goods while the women were disappointed and shocked that Jaime was going commando. Jaime finally heard the captain said they were ready to depart and the plane made its way to the runway. Jaime could not believe how much she had been flashing and the flight had not even taken off yet.

Jaime felt the urge to play with her pussy once again but suppressed it knowing she had no way to do so at the moment. Maybe she would sneak into the bathroom after the seat belt sign turns off to relieve her quivering pussy. Jaime suddenly started yawning, feeling drowsy from all the events that had transpired within the past hour. Jaime leaned back in her chair and all the sounds seem to fade into nothingness.

***********

Jaime wakes up very disoriented to wear she was and remembered she was on her plane to Fiji. She did not knowing how long she had fallen asleep for but feel the draft that was hitting her chest. She freaked out when she realized that the top of her dress had somehow come down and the bottom had gone up to attempt to meet in the middle of Jaime. 


Her perky, 32D boobs were on full display for the men sitting next to her as well as anyone that could see her aisle seat. Her dress had rolled up in the back allowing her high ass crack and some of her ass cheek to be visible to anyone looking from behind looking at her in the aisle. Not to mention her pussy slit with its landing strip could be seen without any inhibition from anyone in front.

Jaime freaks out and does not know how long she has been exposed for. For starters, she tries to pull up her dress to hide her exposed breasts. She then pulls the dress down to cover most of her exposed bottom half as best as the dress could. She reaches down to pick up her bag and feels her ass expose again to her neighbors. She checks to see what time it was and apparently she had been sleeping for a while as she knew that the plane should be landing fairly soon. 

Jaime think to herself: "How long have I been exposed for? These men just sucked in my naked skin without any attempt to wake me up." She also has sexy thoughts of maybe of the man directly next to her grabbing her breast or maybe rubbing her exposed pussy. Maybe he was daring enough to suck her nipple. The wetness and heat was building between her legs and it needed to be dealt with. 

Jaime got up with bag in hand and the turbulence bounced her into her neighbors lap to feel the man still had a full erection from viewing Jaime's nudity. Jaime immediately popped up and flashed him her wet pussy and exposed asshole within a few inches of the man's face. She could here him sniffing and knew he was trying to smell her pussy. The man even had the audacity to poke the wet spot that had formed between Jaime's pussy lips. 

She quickly left the aisle and heard the two men talking amongst themselves and how lucky the one that had Jaime in his lap was. Jaime made her way to the aisle feeling everyone was able to get a look up her skirt to see her plump ass and possibly her bald pussy. She looked back to see everyone was looking right at Jaime again and she retreated into the restroom.

Jaime is relieved to finally make it to the bathroom but as she looks looks in the mirror she understands why people were watching her. She had failed to adjust her dress after falling on the man. Her naked pussy lips were half exposed and her ass was on full display for everyone she had passed by to the restroom. The man's touch and the other passengers' gaze ignited her passion to begin another public masturbation session.

She slid off her sandals, removed her dress for the third time in public, and spread her feet on the walls again to allow her pussy to spread to its maximum. Her hands immediately go straight for her pussy and clit. Jaime begins to moan not holding back her moans because she believed no one could hear her. Jaime figured the plane would mask any sounds she made in the restroom and just let loose for once.

Jaime plunged two fingers in and out of her pussy, feeling the sexual urges finally being quelled. She grabbed her left breast and played with her erect nipple the way she imagined the man must have been playing with it when it was exposed. Jaime imagines the man touching her pussy and spreading around the wetness. She begins rubbing on her swollen clit the way the man would have had it been exposed as it was now.

Jaime feels her pussy beginning to quiver as her fingers increase their pace. Her moaning and panting increase with the rhythm of her finger. Her fingers continue their assault of the inside her pussy. Her moans get louder and louder and her pussy convulses on her fingers as she cums and leans back into the seat. 

Jaime gets up and begins to wash her hands. She then dries them off and dries off her pussy to make sure it would leave no more wet spots. Jaime slips back on her dress and puts it back to the spot that barely covers the bottom. She then puts on her shoes and grabs her bag. She opens the door and comes out to return to her seat.

She looks to see that everyone looks back at her knowing full well what she was doing in there. Her moans were not masked at all and they could here through the thin bathroom door what Jaime was doing in there. Men had lust in their eyes while women showed disgust that she had the audacity to do such a thing on an airplane. 

Jaime also failed to realize that when she had put her shoes on her dress had popped up over her plump ass. Her dress had left her tight ass and pussy lips fully exposed for all to see as she made her way back to her seat. She could her the murmurs but just assumed that was because of the normal exposure of her ass being normally exposed to everyone's sitting eye level.

Jaime sat down in her seat and felt her cool leather hit bare ass again. She realized that her ass must have been on full display as she walked up the aisle. She looked back to see the men with jaws dropped on seeing her plump juicy ass. Jaime felt the urge to touch herself again but chose to avoid getting up again and just wait until the plane arrived.

*********

Finally, Jaime felt the plane park itself into the gate and realized she was finally in Fiji. She unbuckled her seat and reached for her bad underneath the seat. Apparently it had fallen forward during the landing so she bent over straight legged to grab it. She had to really reach for it under the seat, which exposed her spreaded pussy lips and asshole to her row mates again. She realized after grabbing it that she had exposed her pussy and possibly even her asshole to her two neighbors. 

Jaime looked back and apparently that was definitely the case as that was the best thing the both of them had seen all day of Jaime. Jaime quickly stood up straight and adjusted the tiny dress. "Wait," Jaime thought, "My dress is not covering as much as I remember before I got on the flight." She felt behind and could feel about a quarter of her ass sneaking out and her row mates remained seated in order to get a better look of her ass and the pussy lips that could be seen through her thigh gap.

Jaime watched as people made little to no effort to hurry and get off the plane. One of the guys gave her ass a grab while the other reached between her legs to touch the gleaming wet spot. Jaime slapped their hands way away but they continued their onslaught and even rolled the back of her dress up. 

She quickly made her way out of the aisle when it was her turn. Jaime's ass and pussy lips could both be clearly seen as she ran into the airport. She made her way to the escalator to baggage claim and rolled down her dress once again, realizing she must have been flashing everyone up until that point. 

Jaime had hoped that her luggage would be immediately available so that the people from her flight could stop replaying the scenes of Jaime's exposure. Her two neighbors had caught up to Jaime and even waited next to her when clearly they were staring at the exposure of the bottom portion of her ass that refused to stay hidden anymore. They both grabbed a partially exposed ass cheek as Jaime gave in to their touch.

Luckily their luggage arrived and they thanked Jaime for the wonderful show, giving her a slap on her ass. Jaime stuck out her tongue but had greatly enjoyed their attention. Nonetheless, they did not need to know how much they had turned her on. Jaime touched behind again and could feel her ass was still exposed and gently tried to pull down the fabric to have it pop back up again.

About fifteen minutes had passed, Jaime realized she was the only person still waiting for her luggage and no other bags were on the baggage claim conveyor belt. All she had wanted was to get another dress on or at least throw on some underwear. Jaime sighed and went over the airlines help desk to report her luggage was missing.

The lady was very nice and apologized that it still hadn't arrived with the others. She asked for some information and she would track down its location for Jaime. Jaime felt the nightmare was going from bad to worse very quickly. Her shrinking dress was the only covering she had from just being naked for the foreseeable future.

The lady returned with a sad look on her face and told her that her bag had been placed on the wrong plane and had been sent on a flight to Florida. Jaime's fear now reached it maximum point and now this dress that clearly did not fit her sexy body was barely keeping her covered. Also any money to buy other clothes was in her luggage and not to mention underwear, which she needed desperately. 

The lady told her it would at least be two weeks to maybe even two months as the luggage would have to be shipped back to her home first and then have someone ship it to her after it arrived home. Jaime was in utter shock that she would be going to school like this for a minimum of two weeks and possibly two months. Her pussy had grown wetter from the situation but she still remained worried about how she could possibly go to class or do anything in her shrinking dr

The lady did offer to help her and Jaime gave the necessary information that started the process of getting her luggage back on its way to her. Jaime thanked her and walked outside with the map unfurled in both hands. The gust of wind of opening the doors blew up her dress, exposing to anyone outside a full look at her pussy with new landing strip and her plump beautiful ass from behind.

Jaime quickly pulled the dress down, which caused her nipples and breasts to be exposed. Jaime felt her dress was no where close to being done betraying her as it somehow knew she was going commando. Jaime fixed her dress while holding down the sides with her bag pushed firmly against her ass to attempt to keep it down. Jaime sought to keep her nudity somewhat under wraps while she made her way to her new school. 

**********

Jaime followed the map and managed to find her school's admissions center without other major wardrobe problems. She approached the secretary, who was appalled by what Jaime was wearing. From her level she could clearly see the bottom potion of her lips protruding from the bottom of her dress. Jaime asked if Carl, her admission counselor was in and the secretary told me to just go to his office as he should already be in there. Jaime walked by and the secretary got an eyeful of Jaime's exposed ass cheeks as well.

Jaime knocked on the door of Carl Johnson and she heard a voice invite her in. Carl stood up, shook Jaime's hand and invited her to take a seat. Jaime sat down and immediately crossed her legs. Jaime's knee banged his desk and immediately uncrossed her legs to give Carl a view of her spread out labia. 

Carl cleared his throat and met Jaime's eye level after soaking in the sight of her pussy. He asked if she had any quick questions before they started. "I just have to say I really hope I did not offend you right now," Jaime starts saying. Carl assured her that everything is alright and encouraged to try to wear underwear next time, which made them both chuckle. They talked for about an hour and he actually felt sorry for her knowing being alone in a new place with nothing but the clothes on your back must be incredibly difficult. 

Jaime gets up to shake his hand to thank him for his time briefly flashing her pussy again to him and turning around to expose her ass as she walked out the door. He cleared his throat and pointed down and Jaime quickly adjusts her dress. She apologizes again and he reiterates to let her know these things happen. 

He leads Jaime to her dorm, Trinity Hall, a co-ed dorm but still separated boys to their own halls and girls to their own. Girls had the third to fifth floor while the boys had first and the second floor. Carl lets her know if she had any other problems to just let him know and shook her hand. She was then by herself again and now at least she could get into the comfort of her own room.

Jaime walked through the first floor and found the stairwell. Some boys had seen her partial ass was exposed as she was walking and decided to follow her as she began her trip into the stairwell. The boys could see everything as Jaime began her climb from her plump sexy ass to the plump full pussy lips to the occasional glimpse of her dark asshole. 

They continued to follow her and talk amongst themselves as they were expecting a thong or panty not just bare pussy and ass. One of the boys swear he saw a glistening spot that was glowing between Jaime's legs and all boys saw what the same thing as each step up the stairs allowed a peek between her legs. One boy attempted to get his phone out but the others told him to put it away because they were enjoying her exposure without her knowing they were getting a perfect view.

Jaime had heard the boys following her until the fourth floor where they exited once Jaime had turned the corner to the fifth floor door exit. Jaime had not noticed those boys were following her to peek at her exposed ass and pussy. She exited the stairwell into her new hall dorm. 

She saw many girls just staring at her appearance as they could see her ass cheeks peeking through the bottom of her dress. Many of them though maybe she was a whore looking for the boys floor, because no one dresses like and allows their naughty bits to be fully exposed for anyone and everyone to see. Jaime paid them no mind and continued down to the end of the hall to find the dorm with her name as well as her new other roommate. 

Her roommates name was Holly Smith and she was looking forward to meeting her. She used the key card, which her admission counselor had given her to open the door. She saw one side of the room had already been decorated and the other side undecorated. Jaime laughed as she had thought she had nothing to bring but was grateful that the bed was already made with sheets and a comforter.

Jaime exhaustion and jet lag finally hit her as she was within the comforts of her own room. Even though it was still daylight outside, her body exhausted from being exposed and touch was finally ready to hit the sack. Jaime stripped off her only piece of clothing and sandals in the middle of the room and quickly hopped into bed. 

Jaime had never slept naked before and the closest she had ever gotten to doing that was to sleep in a tank top and thong. The urge to touch her pussy was growing but her consciousness was fading. Jaime felt her eyes grow heavy and her final thought was left to wonder how she was going to get through this trip with a tiny dress and nothing else.

**********

Jaime was awoken to some girls laughing and noticed they were sitting on Holly's side of the room. Jaime pretended to be asleep while peeking out from under the sheets and listened in on what the girls were giggling about. One of the girls addressed Holly, who was a bombshell in Jaime's opinion from what she could see. 

She had giant 38C breasts inside her tight fitting tank top with the hints of a bra handing out. She must have been 5'2 on her best day and inside her short jean shorts looked to have a thick ass. Her sexy red thong was poking out as she was bent over looking at something. Jaime thought she had a perfect body for being a shorter girl and noticed she was holding something rather important.

Holly had picked up Jaime's dress and noticed how short it was even for her. One of the other girls said she had seen Jaime walk in and figured Holly was getting herself a booty call. They all started laughing uncontrollably and Holly threw the micro dress to her friends. 

Holly said, "I pretty sure the booty call would have went to my bed. Anyways addressing our present issue, how much you wanna bet this girl has some sexy lingerie to go with her micro dress? I think the girl came with just the clothes on her back since there are no boxes or even a suitcase." 

Jaime fright took over as she realized her nudity was only being covered by her bed sheet. She had hoped the girls would just leave the subject alone and maybe just let her get back to sleep. Unfortunately, one of the girl that had seen Jaime and let Holly know that Jaime was showing so much of her ass and even caught sight of pussy lips as Jaime was heading down the hall to their room.

Jaime felt her chest getting flushed and her wetness was growing between her thighs once again. Her goodies must have been visible to those boys in the stairwell and any girls that she had passed in the hallway. She still had been facing towards them with the sheets pulled high and decided to gently turned over as if she was tossing and turning in her sleep. She took the opportunity to roll over and accidentally shoved one of her legs out in the process, leaving a leg and part of her ass exposed.

Holly shushed the girls as she was turning to face Jaime and screamed out herself to see Jaime's exposure, "Shit! Look at that ass! She is practically begging me to get a better look at it." Jaime could hear Holly's footsteps getting closer while the other two girls snickered away while remaining on Holly's bed. Holly grabbed the sheet slowly peeling it up to reveal Jaime's sexy plump ass uninhibited by a stitch of clothing. 

Jaime could feel the wetness dripping down onto her thighs and was hoping Holly could not see what was going on in near her pussy. Holly stepped back and sat back on the bed, "Wow isn't that a sight girls? There was not supposed to be a full moon tonight but there it is. She came here with only this dress and is naked without this." Suddenly Holly had an awfully amazing idea that would make Jaime complaint to her every wish. Jaime could not hear what the girls were planning as she was facing away now.

"I think it is time to wake up sleeping beauty and let her know what is going to happen from today onward," Jaime heard Holly say. The others girls continued to snicker and held onto Jaime's only piece of clothing. Holly grabbed Jaime's ass cheeks with both hands and Jaime continued pretending to be asleep. 

"Wow! She's seriously out, girls. I think I am going to keep playing until she decides to wake up for us. The poor girl must be awfully tired from her flight," Holly says with snarky tone to her friends. 

Holly continued to play with Jaime's ass and noticed her asshole was twitching from her touch. Holly let a finger put a slight amount of pressure against her puckering hole. It took everything for Jaime to hold back her moans and somehow managed to remain completely motionless as Holly began to pleasure Jaime's ass. Jaime had never had anyone touch her body before today's groping in the security checkpoint or her airplane neighbors investigative fingers. Holly had become the first person to play with Jaime's asshole. 

Holly then noticed the shimmering wetness building between Jaime's thighs and rubbed a finger from her swollen clit to the end of her pussy slits. Jaime almost died from the sensation of someone else touching her tender pussy. Holly tasted her wet finger and smacked her lips indicating to the other girls with a thumbs up that her juices were very tasty.

Holly stuck a finger into Jaime and played with her butthole, tickling it with a gentle touch. Holly began to thrust faster and faster while beginning to increase the pressure on the Jaime's asshole. Jaime was now playing with her own nipples, but biting her lips to keep from screaming out from the ecstasy flooding her body.

Holly continued and slid another finger into her pussy while using her thumb to rub down on her clit. Jaime was fighting every urge to grind against Holly's fingers since the allure would be diminished if Holly knew she was awake. Jaime continued to just firmly grasp her breasts while pulling away on her own nipples. Holly sped her fingers up and brought her tongue to Jaime's exposed asshole.

Jaime let out a very quiet whimper and could feel pussy very close to cumming. Holly had not heard the whimper escape Jaime as she was lapping up Jaime's asshole and Jaime's pussy was very squishy from all of her excess fluid. Jaime pulled and twisted her nipples while biting her lip to quell her moaning.

Jaime felt the strongest orgasm overcome her and Holly felt Jaime's pussy muscles quiver to indicate she had made the sleeping beauty cum. Holly told her gal pals, "This girl is smoking hot, ladies and this definitely isn't the end for this girl. Maybe next time she can be awake so we can hear her beautiful moans."

Holly motioned her friends over and told them, "While you're at it, one of your bring me my phone. I got a great picture to take and a new background for my phone." Jaime heard a couple shots taken and all the girls giggle to see Jaime's swollen pussy lips and now red asshole as the background of Holly's phone.

Holly left Jaime uncovered and encouraged the girls to have a slap of Jaime's ass. Both girls took advantage of Jaime's exposed ass and each gave a cheek one heck of a slap. Jaime slightly whimpered from the pain but was still feel ecstatic from her finger fucking from Holly. 

Jaime could hear Holly tell the girls that she would see them later as it was pretty late and she was worn out from the day as well as what she did to Jaime. They hugged Holly and told her they would see her tomorrow to see how her plan would commence. Holly hushed the two girls and returned to Jaime's side to see if she had maybe awoke from the events. 

Upon noticing that Jaime had not shifted, Holly kissed both of Jaime's ass cheeks to Jaime's surprise and gently caressed them as she sat on Jaime's bed. She said to Jaime, "I know you still are out but I'm going to tell you that I find you very hot. Just know that you are not getting away from me any time soon." Holly got off Jaime's bed and walked back to her side of the room.

Holly turned around and stripped off her tank top and threw it to the floor. Jaime had managed to turn her head slightly around to see if Holly had gone to bed. Jaime could see that Holly had now stripped down to a peach thong with a cute peach and white bra. She undid the bra from the front letting out her huge 38C breasts and reached down into her dresser to reveal to Jaime how little the thong covered between her ass and pussy. 

Jaime could see clear wet spots on Holly's panties, which made Jaime wet and horny again. Jaime also caught sight of her pussy lips, which seemed to be trying to peek out of her tiny panties. She put away her shorts in the dresser and pulled on a sleep shirt that made no attempt to cover her thong and reached for her desk light to turn it off.

Jaime felt the urge to touch herself again but waited until she heard the sleep breathing from Holly. Jaime had thought she was hearing sleep breathing but it was Holly touching herself. Holly had rolled up her sleep shirt to expose her breasts and dug her fingers under her tiny thong. Holly made no attempt to hold back her moans and grabbed hold of her 38C breast. 

Holly moaning was turning on Jaime immensely and she began to play with herself. Holly had begun the rubbing of her own clit and rubbed the outer lips of her pussy. Holly had already been extremely turned on from what she did to Jaime and continued by slipping fingers into her soaked pussy.

Holly continued to finger herself and rub away on her clit. Jaime her Holly's moan increase in pace and loudness until Holly screamed, "Fuck!" indicating to Jaime that she needed to control herself until Holly had fallen asleep. Holly strips off her panties and throws them near her dresser and pulls down her sleep shirt to cover her exposed breasts. Holly grabs her sheets and lays down her head not noticing that Jaime had just witnessed Holly's sexy masturbation session through the dark room.

Holly fell asleep in about fifteen minutes after her own masturbation and Jaime sat up to see if Holly was indeed asleep. Jaime was horny once again after watching Holly's erotic session. She spread her legs wide and started to play with her clit and used her free hand to grab her breast while pinching her nipple. 

Jaime let herself moan just loud enough that Holly still could not hear. She moaned and groaned as her fingers continued to play with her clit and used the other hand to enter her very wet pussy lips. She pumped two fingers into her pussy and rubbed away with the other hand just like Holly did. 

She grinded her pussy on her fingers and pumped her fingers faster and faster, rubbing her clit with more ferocity. Her orgasm was approaching very quickly again and imagined Holly playing with her hands increasing her pressure on her pussy. Jaime yearned for Holly to come back and continue the session from earlier.

The thought of Holly touching Jaime again was all she needed for her body to begin convulsing and her satisfied moan let anyone know just how fantastic that masturbation session was. Jaime thought this was the perfect time to try to use the restroom and go take a shower.

The rooms were set up with a community bathroom and shower that all the girls in the hall had to share. Jaime crawled around on the floor and tried to find her dress. Jaime figured Holly must have placed hid it and she definitely did not want to wake up her roommate. She managed to feel around and at least found her sandals as well as Holly's tank top. 

She put everything on and found the large-chested roommate's tank top left her boobs uncovered from the side and gave her super cleavage. She tried to pull it down and noticed her large ass refused to let the tank top cover anything in the back and only cover some of her pussy from the front. Her pussy lips could still be seen though if she were to start walking. She peeked out of the room and saw only a few hall lights were on near the restroom.

Jaime pulled down on the tank top as best as she could and bolted for the bathroom. She hurried inside and was welcomed to see it was empty as the hallway. Jaime sat down in a stall and finally relieved herself. She could not help but think it had been a while since she went to the restroom. She finished, wiped up and went across into one of the showers. The showers only had a privacy wall that covered the bottom half of shorter girls. 

Jaime removed Holly's tank top and looked in the mirror across the bathroom to notice her ass could easily be seen over this wall as well as her pussy. "So much for privacy," she chuckled to herself and turned on the water. She had found some extra shampoo and soap from another girl that must have been forgotten. Jaime figured she would just borrow enough for herself since her shower essentials were somewhere in Florida.

Jaime finished washing herself off and felt her landing strip as she was washing the soap off. The urge to touch herself had been awaken by running naked to the bathroom and basically showering in a shower that had zero privacy. Her hand grabbed both of her breasts and the shower water was pattering away on her still swollen pussy lips. She imagined the jet of water being Holly's tongue on her plump labia. She grabbed her breasts firmly and pinched on her nipples.

Jaime began to moan freely as she knew she was the only in there and decided to sit back against the privacy wall to allow the water to hit her full body so she could begin the finger fucking of her pussy. Jaime allowed her fingers to enter her pussy, which she had just ravaged no more than 15 minutes ago. She had the amazing idea to let the water smack against her asshole by getting on all fours.

Jaime flipped around stuck her ass as high as she could in the air while her shoulder was pressed into the shower floor. Her free hand continued to pet her clit while the water was smacking her pussy lips and her exposed ass hole. Jaime's imagination immediately went back to Holly's tongue beginning its tour of her asshole again.

The stream of water felt exactly like the pressure Holly was applying to Jaime's asshole. More moans escape from Jaime's mouth as her fingers play ferociously with her clit and the water licks away at her pussy lips and asshole. Jaime feels her pussy explode and let's out another satisfactory moan as she just lets the water continue to smack away at her exposed pussy and ass hole. 

She turns off the water and quickly realizes she had no towel to dry off with. She looked around for any extra towels but nothing was there except her shoes and the tank top. She slipped on her sandals and wrung out her hair as best as she could. She then put it in a ponytail due to not having any hair dryer or brush to try to get the excess water out. 

Jaime was wiping the water off her body when she heard someone coming into the restroom. She hurried into a stall to see the nightly janitor had come in to clean the restroom. "Shit! I forgot Holly's tank top," she said and noticed the janitor put it on his cart. Jaime cracked open the stall and had the plan to run out grab the tank top and make it out of the door.

The janitor went to the shower knowing full well someone had been masturbating as he could clearly here her through the bathroom doors. He was surprised to only have found a shirt though and was curious where the sexy lady was. Jaime took the opportunity to slip out of the stall and ran for the janitor's cart. She grabbed the tank top but slipped on her own water puddle since she was still dripping.

The janitor looked up to see his prize was the naked Jaime, who had fallen on her ass and was fully exposing her landing strip and pussy to him. Jaime was rubbing her slightly bruised ass and realized the show she was now giving to her audience. She quickly got up and paid no mind to letting the janitor get an eyeful of her plump, now slightly red ass. 

Jaime ran through the hall thinking she was almost home free but bumped into an unsuspecting girl, who wearing full length pajamas with little stars and moons on them. The girl apologized and said, "I'm so sorry. I just didn't see you there and...". She stopped mid-sentence to see Jaime naked with only sandals and a tank top in hand.

Jaime apologized and helped the girl to her feet and bent down to pick up the things she had knocked out of her hands, exposing her ass and pussy to this unsuspected stranger. Jaime then realized what she had done and quickly ran past her saying, "Please excuse me and I'm sorry for bumping into you." 

Jaime thought the whole ordeal was over but she remembered that had completely forgot to bring her key card. Jaime attempted to see maybe if the door magically didn't lock behind itself but unfortunately it did. The girl had followed Jaime to peek at the name plate of the door she went through and saw Jaime had broken down outside her door, leaving her pussy fully exposed to the girl.

The girl quickly ran to her side and asked if everything was alright. Jaime continue to ball her eyes out and told her, "Today has been nothing short of awful. I mean look at me I'm naked, this isn't even my shirt and now I'm locked out of the only place that would cover my nudity." The girl sat down next to Jaime and put an arm around her naked shoulder. 

She said to Jaime, "Well one good thing happened today." Jaime looked up in disbelief of everything that happened how can there be anything good. "You got to make a friend," she says offering a handshake to Jaime. "My name is Monica. I can at least shelter you from being naked in the hall for the rest of the night."

Jaime let out a laugh through the tears, she introduced herself and pointed to her name plate. Jaime was relieved to find someone that could save her from just sleeping in just a tiny tank top outside of her room. Monica grabbed Jaime's hands and gets her to her feet. Monica lead Jaime back to her room and finds that Monica is staying with a girl named Lindsey, who can be clearly be seen sleeping in her bed. 

Monica offers for her to take the bed while she pulls out a sleeping bag. Jaime said to her, "If you don't mind, we could just share your bed. I mean it's plenty big for both of us and I would feel awful knowing you had to sleep on the ground in your own room." Jaime had never slept with another person, let alone another girl and noticed that even though Monica was fully dressed Jaime could see her hourglass figure. Monica seemed to have a tight little butt and her boobs were on the smaller side of 32B compared to Jaime's 34D. 

Jaime still had not put on her tank top and figured it would not cover much anyways. She was already sleeping in the nude before so why did it matter. Jaime still asked Monica, "Is it alright if I sleep nude? This isn't even my tank top plus it's not gonna cover anything anyways. I mean I don't normally sleep nude, but I kinda don't have anything to wear to sleep." Monica turned beet red and could only shake her head yes. Monica had been staring at Jaime's pussy since she got on all four to creep over to the other side of the bed.

Monica let Jaime sleep next to the wall and Monica crept in next to her. They turned their bodies away from one another and managed to brush their asses touch together, making them quietly giggle. They turn towards one another and Jaime quietly mouths the words "I can't thank you enough. You are like my knight in shining armor," to Monica. Jaime brings herself in for a hug and feels Monica's arms naturally wrap themselves around Jaime's naked hips and her hands are placed on top of Jaime's ass. 

Monica freaks out and removes her hands but Jaime giggles and says to her, "I liked your hands where they were. If you want to you can put them back." She returned her hands to Jaime's plump ass cheeks and gave her cheeks a squeeze. Jaime feels herself blush from the sudden touch and brings herself within a few inches of Monica's lips.

They could feel the other gazing into other one's eyes through the darkness of the room. The sexual tension was just waiting to be broken by one or the other to make the first move. Jaime brings herself in for a quick kiss and begins to tongue wrestle with Monica's tongue. The two girls embraced further, pelvis to pelvis, both pairs of hands on one another ass cheeks.

Jaime let out soft moans through her kiss as Monica was spreading her plump ass cheeks and Monica began to kiss Jaime's neckline. Jaime took reach below Monica's pajama pants to feel Monica's panty-clad ass cheeks. She took the opportunity to shed away Monica's pajama pants and unbuttoned her pajama top to see that Monica only had a pair of boy shorts underneath them. Monica sat up and pulled each of her sleeves off, leaving a single pair of panties the only clothing between the two girls.

Jaime slowly pulled down on Monica's panties until they slid down the edge of her feet. Jaime grabbed ahold of Monica's newly naked ass cheeks, which caused Monica to gasp and let out a very sexy moan. Jaime's hands began to pull forward and rub along Monica's hairy pussy. Jaime whispered, "We got to clean this area up for next time. We can make it look like mine if you want or we can just shave it all the way down."

Monica lit up to think that Jaime wanted even more after this one time grabbed ahold of Jaime's face and passionately kissed her. Their moans began to mix together and Jaime's fingers found Monica's clit. Monica let out a fairly loud moan as her clit was very swollen and very sensitive. Monica laid back and let her legs spread as Jaime continued to rub her clit and insert fingers into Monica's very wet pussy.

Monica let out her moans as Jaime slowly inserted her fingers and increased the rhythm of her fingers. Monica squealed out to Jaime: "Please go faster and harder." Jaime not wanting to disappoint her lover's wishes allowed her fingers increases in pace and force. Monica put a pillow over face to keep her moans from getting too out of control. Monica's pussy begins to convulse on Jaime's fingers and her muffled moans come out louder than she realized.

Lindsey had gotten up and turned on a light. She had been up since Monica's first moaning to see what was going on and had her phone out recording what Jaime had been doing to Monica's pussy. The video also had Jaime' pussy and ass hole exposed. Monica freaks out and pushes Jaime off her to cover herself up with her sheets. 

Jaime had noticed that this one of the girls that was next to Holly on the her bed. Lindsey had been texting and in no time flat, there was a light knock on the door. Holly and the other girl walk into Monica's room. Holly had on a new pair of panties while the other girl was wearing a tank top and boxer shorts. Holly said, "Well, it was about time the sleeping beauty awoke. Apparently, you can't keep your hands to yourself can you?"

The other two girls started to laugh at Monica's and Jaime's nudity. Holly tells Jaime, "Get your ass out of the bed and give me back my tank top. I should report you for theft." Jaime hurriedly picked up Holly's tank top and flashed her pussy and ass hole to all the girls in the room. Jaime placed the tank top in Holly's hand and Holly forced Jaime out into the hall with the other two girls in tow. Monica tried to apologize to Jaime but everyone had already left the room.

Jaime felt like a prisoner between the three fully clothed girls, even if Holly was only wearing a thong on the bottom. Jaime tried to cover herself but Holly said, "Hands to your side, slut. You do not get to touch anyone anymore unless I tell you to. Also, I think we can give you your dress back." 

Holly opened their room and sitting on Jaime's bed was her dress. Jaime ran to it and slipped it on but her relief was immediately turned into terror when she realize it had been altered. Holly told Jaime, "You really thought I could not tell you were awake when I was touching you. Plus, you also gave me a great show by touching yourself before leaving the room."

Holly continued, "After you left with my tank top, I realized you had forgotten your key so I figured you would not be back anytime tonight. So I decided to add the changes to the lovely additions to your already sexy dress." Jaime definitely that the dress covered no ass anymore except the top of the butt crack. Slits had been cut up the sides to the top of her waist to indicate that she indeed was wearing no panties. Finally, the bra cups had been removed to allow her nipples to poke through. 

Jaime took some steps around the room and felt the dress fall down to her hips with little to no effort. Holly had stretched it out to no longer form fit Jaime and it would fall down to reveal everything. The girls laughed at Jaime's state of undress and Holly said, "Your dress looks so much better this way. Don't you agree ladies?" 

They shook their heads in agreement and laughed at Jaime's miserable face, who could not believe her only piece of clothing covered nothing at all. Holly told the girls, "Now that phase one is complete for our little slut, let us get some rest! I'll text you girls when phase two is going to take place." 

The two girls laughed as they were escorted out the door and Holly approached Jaime. She said to Jaime, "Whenever you are in this room you will wear nothing. The clothes you are wearing are for the outside world only so hand it over." 

Jaime decided to fight back and said, "No. I am at least wearing this to bed because I do not know what else you will do it. Plus I do not appreciate thinking you can control me just because you think I'm weaker than you. I will..." 

Before she could finish her sentence, Holly grabbed the bottom of Jaime's dress and pulled. Holly told Jaime, "If you do not want you dress in two pieces right now you will strip it off right now. Stand up, turn around and take it off." 

Jaime with tears in her eyes did exactly what she was asked and let the dress fall to her hips and slipped it over her hips, exposing once again her pussy lips and ass hole to Holly. Jaime bent over spreading her legs and allowing her pussy lips to spread even further. She picked the dress up off the floor and handed it to Holly's outstretched hand. 

Holly said, "You'll get this back when I deem fit. Now you need to go to bed as all students have orientation tomorrow promptly at 8am. Good night, my slave." Holly then turns off the light with me standing in shock in the middle of the room to what just happened and how things are starting to get worse.


