Exhibitionism With Uncle And His Son-3

Jeevan< jeevan80@yahoo.com>

In the Diwali holidays my uncle Kamalesh's family and our family went to Pune to celebrate the diwali with our near relatives. We went to Pune separately so did not get any opportunity for fun during travels. But I knew that uncle Kamalesh would definitely find some way out of it in Pune.
	In the evening on our second day he asked me if I would accompany him and Bablu to Empress Garden in Pune camp area. I said yes why not! He had told my dad that he would be taking me for some shopping on the famous M.G. Road here in Pune. Dad agreed.
	I wore knee length skirt and cotton top. As you know I love the tops little short ones so that my naval and bellybutton are slightly exposed. And I wore no panties inside! This makes my choot wet as guys look at me with those thirsty eyes. Bablu was to stay at home as his mother wanted to take him out to some of her relatives.
	" Didi! You look so beautiful! I think my dad will not leave you. He likes such dresses. he will definitely  put his thing in you Didi."
	"Ohhhhh you naughty boy! I know that. And that is why I am dressed like this."
	Ohhh Didi! They are definitely going to touch you. And my dad is the first one!"
	"Yes Bablu. He is going to do something nasty today. I know. That's why is taking me out with him. But it will be fun! He is such a nice man. And you too Bablu!"
	Saying this I kissed him full on his mouth. I saw his bulli getting hard and he was all red with excitement. Uncle called me and we both left. Uncle had taken a private taxi on hire for moving in Pune and it was a Maruti 800. We both sat in the back seat and started to the empress garden. As we were traveling in the car, uncle sat very close to me and his hands were roaming over my body. He caught my small breasts with one hand and the other rested on my thigh. Uncle was getting bold and now he put his hand inside my skirt and started to rub my thighs lightly. Ohhh God! It really made my choot flowing with juice. Uncle was now pushing his hands inside my skirt and was searching for my choot. His fingers found it and he started his play. Bad luck! The Empress Garden Had come and the driver was asking if he should park the car in the parking lot.
Uncle straightened up and so did me. We all got down the car and walked towards the garden. The garden was just like a small jungle with trees all over. Since it was afternoon there was no rush and only few couples were seen sitting. We took some things to eat and then started to walk towards a quite place where we can have some privacy. As we were walking by the road we could see few couples engaged in various kinds of foreplay. One couple was interesting, the girl was sitting on the lap of the man and they were kissing passionately. The man was about 40 and the girl was about 20 yrs and they were openly kissing each other. My uncle looked at them and pinched me and boldly walked near the couple and we sat just few feet away from them. I did not know what was in my uncle's mind but I could guess he wanted to watch the couple and also give them good show.
Ok I was a game! We both talked something but my mind was busy imagining the couple watching us. Slowly my uncle started the petting with me. He caught my hand and kissed me. It was a passionate kiss and I couldn't help opening my mouth to allow his expert tongue explore my mouth. From the corner of my eyes I watched the reaction of the couple. The man was signaling his girl to watch us. And both of them were watching us with wide eyes. Now my uncle told me to remove the top two buttons of my top so that the cleft of my creamy breasts would be seen. I opened the first button with my hands shaking with excitement and peeked at the goods. The couple watched and I saw that the man had his hand on his girl's thigh as he watched. I removed the second button and more than half of my breasts were visible. My heart was beating faster and I felt flushed, as this was my first time to expose my body to strangers.
My uncle looked at me and smiled. He then asked me to move closer and then placed his hand on my naked boob flesh. Ohhh it felt wonderful with the other couple watching us. It was different! The couple was tense now, sexual tension I guess! The girl kissed the man and put her hands around his neck. They were kissing and still looking at us. My uncle pulled my breast out of the top I was wearing and it popped free. It was thrust up with the space available and I looked at it. My nipples were already hard and my uncle teased the exposed nipple with his finger. It sent chills up my spine and I moaned loudly.
" Ohhh Uncle! Tease my nipples! Ohhh god I want you to do it in front of them. It excited me much more. Tease me tease them!"
Uncle wanted this badly too and so he looked at the couple and pointed at my breasts and teased them. The couple disengaged from the passionate kiss and was looking at my exposed breast and the nipple. The man caught hold of the breasts of the girl and pressed them hard. The girl cried out in pain (?) or excitement but it was a good cry. The cry made the man push the girl on his lap and he started to push his hands through the kameez she was wearing. We saw his hands vanish in the kameez and see the movement. The girl spread her legs and moaned loudly. It was wonderful sight!
As we were doing this, two boys walked down the path we were sitting and they were really stunned looking at us. The boy signaled his friend and they walked away fast. They slipped into the trees and hid themselves and I guess they wanted to watch the fun. My uncle too watched them hide and winked at me.
The couple next to us was just 8-10 feet away from us and we both were watching each other.  Now we all were very hot and I wanted a hard cock in my hole so I let my hand wander over the crotch of my uncle and found that he was hard as a rock. I pressed his cock from over the pant and he spread his legs for me to have access to it. I unzipped his pants and pushed my hand inside his pants and caught his cock. Ohhhhh god! It was hard and leaking too. My fingers got wet from the pre-come his cock had given out. He gasped and urged me to jack him off. I was scared to take his cock out of his pants I nfront of all the audience. But uncle told me to take it out and jack him off in front of the couple and the two boys.
With shaking hands I took out the cock and started runbbing it in my fist. The other couple looked at us and the man pushed the girls kamiz up and exposed her breasts. The breasts were bigger than me and looked firm. The two boys who were watching us from the hiding place came out and approached us. They were now sure that we wont mind them looking on. They both walked near us and sat down on the grass near us. Now we could see them watching us. Wow! What a wonderful situation!
The man was now massaging the breasts of the girl openly and she too was enjoying this very much. I pushed my fist over the thick cock of my uncle and  was jacking him off. Uncle pushed my skirt up and exposed my drenching choot to the on lookers. The boys were very much excited now and took out their cocks and were jacking off openly. The couple was watching them too. The things were very hot now and I pushed my fingers in my own choot and started to rub my clit. Uncle was massaging my breasts and enjoying the sensation of my fist on his cock.
Then suddenly uncle moaned loudly and his cum spurted high up in the air and landed on my face. Ohhhhh I was bathing in cum and that too in a public garden. I wiped the cum with my fingers and offered my finger to the girl, first time directly looking at her. The girl got up from the lap of her lover and came to me. She caught my finger and licked the cum off it. My uncle looked at her and smiled. I told her our names and asked her for introduction. She told us that she was Radha and he was her neighbour Ramesh. He was about 40 yr old and she was just 16, studying in her 12 th std. I think they were in the same situation as we, uncle and niece. So this was almost same situation. She said that they too lov3ed being watched. Wow great! My uncle told them to sit near us and she signaled the man to come near us. They both sat besides us and we talked a little. Then uncle told them to be comfortable and enjoy. The pair indulged in petting immediately and we too started to fondle each other. Uncle's cock was still out of his pants but had shrunk as he had cum once.
	The Ramesh had still not cum so I bent and unzipped his pants and took out his cock. The two boys were forgotten for a while and I watched them coming closer to us with their cocks out hanging and dangling as they walked. Uncle asked them to come closer and they too sat near us. Now they watched us from closer distance. Radha looked at their hard cocks and licked her lips her mouth fell open and she crawled to the boys on her knees. She caught the nearest one and put her mouth on the hard cock. Her uncle watched her sucking the cock of the stranger and he thrust his own cock towards me. I caught it and took him in my mouth and started to suck him off.  Uncle was now rubbing my choot frantically and it felt real nice. The left out boy went behind the girl and fondled her hard breasts over her kameez. We all were enjoying this.
The boy cried out and shot his cum inside the mouth of Radha who swallowed all of it. The other boy took his place and Radha had one more hard cock in her mouth. I was now deep throating Ramesh and he could not control his cumming. He ejaculated deep in my mouth and I had to swallow his cum. Radha left the cock she was sucking and she kissed me and took all the cum from my mouth. She licked my lips and ate all the thick spunk her uncle had given out. The boy looked frustrated and I had to take him in my mouth and suck him off. He just lasted for a few minutes and sprayed his hot cum in my mouth. Radha and me exchanged the cum with me kissing me hard on my mouth. We were all exhausted and we adjusted our clothes and sat there chatting.
Then my uncle suggested them to accompany us to some nice and quite place for more fun. They all readily agreed and we all dispersed with a promise to meet again next day for going to someplace my uncle would decide and have more fun.
The more fun in next episode- Exhibitionism With Uncle And His Son-4

Enjoyed? Write to me about it!
Jeevan<jeevan80@yahoo.com>


