The Bequest
by Hstoner

A relationship built on showing off.

I first met Karen Wynne when she came to my office in early May. I had left a large law firm after three years and had opened my own shop about eighteen months earlier. Any potential client was very welcome. The fact that this potential client appeared to be a beautiful young woman was a bonus.

Karen, I would learn later, was my age; just under thirty. She was about 5'7'' -- 5'8". Her shoulder-length brown hair framed a face with big blue eyes; a small, upturned nose; prominent cheekbones; and a strong jaw below a wide mouth. Although she was dressed in a conservative women's business suit, I suspected an excellent figure. She also had a dazzling smile.

Karen had been referred by a mutual friend who worked at my old law firm. "My parents died in a small plane crash while I was in college," Karen explained. "Once they were gone, my closest relatives were my Aunt Beth, Mom's older sister, and her husband, Uncle Dave. Dave passed away about five years ago. Beth died two weeks ago. The couple that helped her run her business came me these papers at the funeral."

Karen handed me a sheaf of legal-size papers. The first document I read was a trust declaration for the "Birch Trails Resort Trust." Reading that quickly, I saw that the Trust owned all the assets of something called "Birch Trails Resort." The original trustees had been David and Elizabeth Carson, with Beth Carson becoming sole trustee upon Dave's death. Upon Beth's death, all property of the Trust passed to Karen. The second document, dated only a year earlier, created the Elizabeth M. Carson Trust. The trustee was a large bank. The Beth Carson Trust said that all assets in that trust passed to Karen five years after Beth's death on condition that Karen owned and operated Birch Trails Resort continuously for those five years. Otherwise, everything in that trust went to a couple of charities.

"What is in your aunt's trust?" I asked Karen. In answer, Karen handed me a statement from the trustee bank dated in April of that year. The trust held cash and securities valued at just under $ 10 million. "Holy shit!" I exclaimed unthinkingly.

"Yeah," Karen replied.

"What is this 'Birch Trails Resort?'" I asked.

Karen blushed. "It's, uh, well, it's a nudist resort about 70 miles east of town," she said. I guess the surprised look on my face called for more explanation. "Dave was a talented electrical engineer," Karen said. "He invented some things and got a number of patents years ago. The royalties from those made him and Beth pretty wealthy. They had some hippie in them, and they didn't have any children. They bought the resort years ago, to 'get out of the rat race" Beth said. They lived out there."

"Have you been there?" I asked.

"Of course not!" Karen said sharply. "Can Aunt Beth do that? Make me run a nudist resort for five years before I can get the money?"

"Yes," I replied. "It was her money. She wasn't obligated to give you any of it so she could attach almost any strings to it she desired."

"I thought so," Karen said, a little downcast.

"What do you need from me?" I asked.

"I need advice on what to do about this and help doing whatever I decide,"

Karen said.

"The first thing I would do," I said, "is find out how Birch Trails Resort does as a business. If it is going to cost $12 million to keep it open for five years, it wouldn't make any sense to do it."

"In that case, I sell the resort and let the money go to charity," Karen said.

"Right," I confirmed.

"After Uncle Dave died, Beth hired a couple, Sam and Glenda Watson, to help her run the resort," Karen said. "Let me call them and set up a time to go out there to look at the property and go over the books." She made the call immediately. After talking with one of the Watson's and checking her calendar on her smartphone, it was agreed that she would be at Birch Trails at 10:00 a.m. on the Friday of Memorial Day weekend, three weeks away. Ending the call, Karen said to me, "you will come with me, right?"

I was not enthused about visiting a place where I expected to see old, fat people naked. However, I didn't have anything on my calendar for that Friday. I could charge for the time. Spending most of a day with Karen Wynn also had some appeal. "Of course, if you want me to," I replied.

"Please?" Karen said, a little pleadingly. We agreed to meet at my office at 8:00 a.m. that Friday. I'd drive us to Birch Trails.

That Friday was sunny and unseasonably warm. When Karen arrived, she said, "I'm nervous about this. I've never been to a nudist resort. I called Sam and Glenda back and made it clear we are not taking our clothes off."

Birch Trails was in a rural area where Appalachian foothills crept into our state. All but the last twenty miles were divided highway, but the holiday weekend traffic was thick as were the state troopers. It took about two hours to make the trip. During the drive, I learned that Karen had been a gymnast in college, that she had an MBA from one of the more respected business schools, and that she worked in finance for the global consumer products company based in our city. In other words, she was a very talented person.

We turned off a winding two-lane road into a driveway that went up a steep hill. The drive was barred by a closed gate. I had to call on an intercom and identify us before the gate swung open. We drove about a half mile uphill before we came to level ground. To our left was a parking lot that was already about half full. Straight ahead was a two-story building designed in an alpine style.

I parked my car in the closest space to the building I could find. As we got out of the car, a very tan and fit couple wearing tee shirts and shorts came up. "You are Karen?" the woman asked in a friendly voice.

"Yes," Karen said. Nodding at me, she added, "and this is the lawyer, Will Stone."

The man and woman both extended their hands to shake. "Glenda and Sam Watson," the woman said.

"Working here," Sam added, "we usually don't wear anything, but we thought you'd be more comfortable if we were dressed." Sam and Glenda were immediately likeable people.

"Thank you," Karen said.

"We're going to be full up for the holiday weekend," Sam said. "Why don't we give you the tour now, before everyone gets here." That made sense.

The building we were standing in front of was called the "Inn." There were twenty guest rooms on the second floor. Sam told us the Inn building was ten years old. We saw a guest room, which was modern and surprisingly luxurious. The first floor held a small restaurant and kitchen, a bar, and a spa with sauna, steam room, and jacuzzi. Walking out the other side of the Inn we found an Olympic-size swimming pool, an outdoor jacuzzi, and a smaller pool with a volleyball net across it. Maybe a third of the lounge chairs on the pool deck were occupied.

My vision of a bunch of naked old, fat people was, I saw, dramatically wrong. The people around the pool appeared to cover a wide age-range. There were some obviously older people, but everyone looked reasonably fit. No obesity to be seen here. Everyone was naked, except us. Echoing my thoughts, Karen softly said, "not what I expected."

It took over an hour for us to see the rest of the facilities, including tennis courts, volleyball courts, cabins, and some of the trails through the woods. We ended at what looked like an old Victorian house about 100 yards south and slightly uphill from the Inn and pool complex. "This was Beth's house," Glenda explained.

"It looks old," Sam added, "but Beth had everything updated." Inside, the rooms were large and tastefully furnished. We also got the impression that Beth had been a fan of technology. You could get water in the kitchen sink by simply saying "water."

We followed Glenda and Sam to a small one story building just south of the Inn. "This is the office," Glenda said.

"The office is Glenda's domain," Sam said. "If you'll excuse me, I've got some maintenance items to deal with. Nice to meet you. I look forward to working with you Karen."

Glenda showed us the computerized reservation system. The resort's overnight accommodations were almost sold out through Labor Day with reservations booked through the New Year holiday. "It tails way off in the winter," Glenda said. "We're too far north to go nude outdoors that time of year, but Beth insisted we stay open year-round so we can keep staff."

Glenda had printed out ten years of income statements, balance sheets, and various ledgers. This was more Karen's area of expertise than mine. I had already verified that there were no liens recorded against the property. Karen spent several hours going over all the financials at least twice. Around 4:00 p.m., she leaned back in her chair, looked at me, and said, "you're not going to believe this."

"What?" I asked.

"This is a wildly profitable business," Karen said. "There's no debt. Before the pandemic, this place averaged an annual net profit over $ 1 million. It just broke even the first year of the pandemic, but last year, the net profit was $ 250,000! It doesn't look like Dave and Beth have put any money into the place since they built the Inn. This place pays for itself and generates a nice profit besides!"

"It seems like a nice place," I said.

"Just the small detail that everyone's running around naked," Karen added with a smile.

"What are you going to do?" I asked.

"I don't know," Karen said. "I'm going to have to think about this."

We thanked Glenda profusely for her and her husband's cooperation. To get from the office to the car, we had to go past the pool again. It was packed with people in the water and on lounges on the deck. Everyone but us was naked. There were quite a few very attractive bodies. "Damn," Karen said softly.

We were about twenty minutes into the drive home when I said, "Glenda and Sam seem competent enough. You could let them manage the place for five years and be an absentee owner."

"There's something else I haven't shown you," Karen said. She took a sheet of paper with handwriting on it from her purse. "This letter from Aunt Beth was with the trust documents," she said. She began to read. "Dear Karen: You know by now that I've left Birch Trails to you and created an incentive for you to keep it. Dave and I made a leap of faith when we bought the resort. We also committed that, if we were going to run a nude resort, we were going to live nude. That was the best decision we ever made. I know you will hesitate, but I beg you to make the same commitment we made. Trust me, life is much better once you take your clothes off and leave them off. You cannot appreciate that until you've tried it. Please don't lose this opportunity! Love. Beth."

There was silence in the car for a few miles. Finally, Karen said, "Beth wanted me to live at Birch Trails and become a nudist."

"Have you talked this over with your significant other?" I asked.

Karen gave a sort of laugh. "There is no significant other," she said. "The guy I was dating broke up with me just after Christmas."

Unthinkingly, I said, "poor judgment on his part."

"It would be easier if I had a partner who was dead-set against this," Karen said. "That would, sort of, take the decision out of my hands. As it is, I have to make a decision."

We drove on silently for several more miles. As we came into the outer suburbs of the city, Karen said, "can we stop somewhere for dinner? I'm starving."

Not knowing what Karen did and didn't like, I stopped at one of those mid-market chain bar/restaurants. It was busy. We got a table quickly, but the service was very slow. By tacit agreement, we talked about anything but Birch Trails. Karen was a delightful person to talk to. She could be funny and witty. We also discovered we had broadly similar backgrounds and similar views on a lot of subjects. We had common interests in sports, history, and mystery novels. By the time we were finished a couple of hours later, I'd decided the guy who had dumped Karen had screwed up royally. She was an incredible woman.

I didn't hear anything from Karen Wynne for about ten days. She called in early June. "Will, I'm going to do it," she said. "I don't know whether I'll be going naked like Beth wanted, but I feel I need to keep Birch Trails going as a tribute to her and Dave. I think being an absentee owner would likely cause more problems than it solves. I've given my employer notice that I'm leaving at the end of the month."

I did the things necessary to get title to the Birch Trails property into an LLC I created with Karen as the sole member and to document her authority to run the business. I notified the bank that was trustee of Beth's trust that Karen intended to comply with the conditions. The trust officer told me someone from the Bank would come to Birch Trails quarterly to verify it is still operating and Karen still owns it.

Given how Beth had furnished the house, Karen decided she didn't need to move any furniture. Her stuff went to Goodwill. I took a day in late June and helped her move her clothes, books, and other personal items to Birch Trails. I didn't mind doing some free labor if it meant spending time with Karen.

I doubted I'd hear from Karen again. However, she called just after July 4 and asked to meet me for dinner. I offered to come out to Birch Trails, but she preferred to go somewhere on the east side of the city. I offered to come out there and pick her up, but she wanted to meet me at the restaurant. I assumed Karen had business she wanted to discuss, but it turned out to be purely social. I wasn't complaining. Karen is a very engaging person. We talked about many things, but not Birch Trails. When I asked early in the dinner how things were going for her at the resort, she just said, "it's been interesting" and laughed. As we were walking to our cars after dinner, Karen asked, "same time next week?"

"What?" I asked, confused.

"Dinner," she said. "Are you free the same time next week?"

"Of course," I replied. That earned me a smile.

Karen and I had dinner together once a week through July and early August. It was always somewhere in the City's eastern suburbs. I was impressed, and a bit perplexed, that Karen was making a roundtrip of over one hundred miles each time. I came to look forward to our dinners. I hadn't had a girlfriend since I'd gone out on my own and become a lawyer with little income. Karen was also the most impressive woman I'd ever met.

I was having dinner with Karen the week before Labor Day. Karen never talked about Birch Trails during our dinners, but she brought it up that night. "We're booked solid for Labor Day," she said. "But it drops off the next weekend, so I decided to have a party for the staff that Saturday afternoon. They've been great and I want to thank them."

"That sounds like a great idea," I said.

"Will you come?" Karen asked.

That threw me. I stammered, "well, yeah, sure, if you want me to."

"I do," Karen said. "There's one other thing. I'm asking the staff to go nude for the party so they can experience Birch Trails the way our guests do. Almost everyone's said they will."

"You want me to go nude too?" I asked.

"Yes," Karen said.

"Are you going to go nude?" I asked.

"Yes," Karen said. "I already have been. I started going nude a couple of days after I moved to Birch Trails. I felt out of place with clothes on. About the only time I'm dressed any more is to come to our dinners."

"How has the nudity gone?" I asked.

"Beth's letter was right. Going nude is wonderful. I love it." Karen reached across the table and put her hand on top of mine. "Please Will? I want you to experience it too. I promise, you will not regret it."

I am a soft touch for an exceptionally beautiful woman. I promised Karen that I'd come to Birch Trails and that I'd go nude. "Please come out Friday and stay the weekend," she asked. I agreed that I would.

I spent most of the next two weeks wondering whether I'd imagined it. Had that the most wonderful woman I'd ever met really had invited me to run around naked with her for a weekend? Things like that didn't happen to me. I had largely convinced myself that I had imagined the invitation and that Karen would be really pissed off if I showed up at Birch Trails uninvited. Then, Karen called the night before I'd imagined she had invited me to come.

"You're still coming out here tomorrow?" Karen asked.

Damn! I hadn't imagined it. She really had invited me to her nude resort. "Of course," I replied.

"Don't pack much," Karen said with a laugh. "I can't wait to see you."

When I pressed the intercom button at the resort gate that Friday afternoon, Sam Watson's voice came through. "Will, I'm glad you're here. Karen was sure you wouldn't show up. Don't come all the way to the Inn. Take the right opposite the parking lot. That take you straight up to Karen's house."

I followed Sam's directions and ended up in a small parking area behind the Victorian house. Karen was waiting in a flower print sundress. My face must have registered surprise, or disappointment, that she was dressed because she laughed and said, "I thought I'd better ease you into it." I grabbed my small overnight bag and followed her inside. Something about the house seemed more vital than when I'd seen it before. I mentioned that and Karen said, "it got dusty after Beth passed. I've cleaned things up."

I followed Karen into the large front room. "Put your bag down, Will," she said. I did as I was told. Karen stood a couple of feet away, facing me. She looked at me for a moment, smiled again, and said, "are you ready to start experiencing the reason this place exists?"

"I suppose," I said.

"I'll start," Karen said. She took the hem of her dress in both hands and pulled it over her head. She wore nothing underneath. She tossed the dress on a sofa, posed for a moment, and then slowly turned 360 degrees. I had suspected Karen had a good body, but she was way beyond my expectations. Her breasts were each about the size of one and a half grapefruit, firm with upturned nipples. Her stomach was flat. She wasn't ripped, but here was some muscle definition. Her hips were, perhaps, a bit wider than perfect, but that accentuated the curves. Her legs looked great, and her bare ass was very alluring. She had also shaved off her pubic hair so I could see vaginal lips between her thighs.

Karen let me look for a time before she asked, "what do you think?"

"I think you are, by far, the most beautiful woman I've ever seen," I said.

"Thank you," Karen replied. "I like you looking at me, but I want to look too. Get those clothes off, please."

I sensed I was about to do something irrevocable, but, what else can you do when an extremely beautiful naked woman asks you to undress? I slid off my shoes, loosened my belt, and pulled my polo shirt over my head. "Damn Will," Karen said, "you work out a lot, don't you?"

"I try," I replied.

"Keep going," she said. I unzipped my trousers, pushed them down, and stepped out of them. I lifted one foot at a time and rolled off my socks. I straightened and looked Karen in the eyes as I pushed my boxer shots down. They fell to my feet, and I stepped out of them. I stood, naked, with my hands at my side, facing Karen.

After a few moments, Karen said, "please turn around." I did. I heard an "um" as she looked at my ass. I finished the turn and faced her again. "You said I am beautiful," Karen said. "You're pretty good yourself." She laughed. "I shouldn't say this, and wouldn't if anyone else was around, but I've seen a lot of penises since I've been here. I like yours the best." Karen stepped to me. "Thank you Will," she said, and hugged me.

Karen and I hugged a long time. Her body felt even better than it looked. She finally broke the embrace. With a particularly sexy smile, she said, "you have a decision to make. I can get you a room at the Inn or you can stay here with me."

I understood that was Karen's way of saying she wanted a relationship. Whether I am a smart man or not is, I guess, debatable; but I wasn't dumb enough to decline a relationship with Karen Wynne. "I'd prefer to stay with you," I said.

"Right answer," Karen said. "Now, let's go outside and mingle with the guests."

I had, of course, been nude with women indoors before. Stepping outside without a stitch on was a new experience, intensified by the fact I could hear voices and laughter from the pool. "The first time you leave the house with nothing on is a bit scary, but also thrilling, isn't it?" Karen asked. I nodded. "Don't worry," she continued. "People are a lot nicer to each other when they're naked. Oh, and the big nudist groups say that it isn't polite to look at people at a nude resort. Forget that. Everyone looks at everyone. Nude bodies are beautiful, and having people look at you when you're nude is really fun."

This was a different Karen Wynne than my prior perceptions of her. It was exciting.

My anxiety grew as we walked closer to the pool. Once we could see it, Karen took my right hand in her left. She was right, though, it was thrilling to be walking in sight of a large group of people completely naked.

As we walked onto the pool deck, a few people called Karen's name. She responded to them by name. "We have some regulars," she told me. "Great people."

A female voice said, "Karen, who's the hunk?"

I almost looked around to see who the voice was talking about. Karen called back, "Sherry, this is my new boyfriend. Remember that lawyer I told you I was hot for? Here he is in all his glory." Karen turned to me and asked, "you don't mind me saying you're my boyfriend, do you?"

"Not as long as you mean it," I replied.

"I mean it!" Karen said. We hugged and had our first kiss, buck naked in front of about fifty other naked people.

I felt a hand swat my bare ass. I let go of Karen and turned to see Glenda standing behind me. She was smiling. "No public displays of affection," she teased. I guessed Glenda was in her fifties. Age notwithstanding, she looked good with nothing on. "I'm glad you're here," Glenda said. "Karen's been fretting all week that you weren't going to come. Hell, she's been talking about you ever since she moved in. I told her she should have invited you here sooner."

I looked at Karen, who was blushing. "Uh," she said, "I formed a bit of a crush when we first met. I haven't trusted my judgment about men since my last boyfriend. I kept asking you to dinner near where you live because I was sort of hoping you'd screw up. Then, I'd be able to just leave and forget about you. You didn't screw up and I fell for you instead."

"Karen," I said, "you're the most wonderful woman I've ever met."

"You don't mind that I've become a nudist?" Karen asked, "Or is that part of the attraction?"

"We'll turn Will into a nudist too," Glenda said.

"I'm working on it," I replied. Karen stepped close and kissed me again. After a moment, I moved my left hand behind my ass to ward off another of Glenda's swats.

"You're ok," Glenda said. "There's no rule against kissing the owner. Your ass just looked so nice I had to smack it."

Karen broke our kiss and asked, "Glenda, is there a rule against him having sex with the owner?"

"Well," Glenda said, "don't do it at the pool, but otherwise it's only against the rules if he doesn't make you come."

Karen looked at me and said, "there's your task tonight."

A male voice nearby called out, "why not at the pool?"

A female voice said, "we'd love to watch!"

Karen and I walked around the pool for a time so she could talk with her guests. I was surprised how exhilarating it felt to be completely naked in a group of people. People were looking at us, although I'm sure more were looking at Karen than me. Still, they saw me with her. Knowing that people were seeing my bare dick, balls, and ass was exciting and gratifying. Karen sensed how much I was enjoying the experience. "I told you it is a thrill," she said with a smile. "I've become an addict. I can't get enough of being nude around other people."

Later, we had a quiet dinner with Glenda and Sam. They suggested we join them for a nighttime walk in the woods. Karen declined, saying "we need to get to turn in early, tomorrow will be busy." Glenda flashed a knowing smile.

Back in Karen house, she led me upstairs to the master bedroom. She put her arms around me and asked, "Are you glad I invited you?"

"Yes," I replied.

Karen took my hands in hers and stood a few inches away. "I owe Aunt Beth a great deal," she said. "I was trying to be the upwardly mobile professional woman, scared to do anything outside the lines. I guess Beth realized that I was bribable. But I've discovered she was bribing me to live a better life. Of course, it feels better not to have any clothes on, and I've learned the human body is the highest form of art. But" Karen giggled, "the special thing about being here is how much I enjoy having people see the parts of me I grew up being taught never to show. When I walk around the resort, knowing that guys, and girls, are looking at my genitals, my bare buttocks, and my bare breasts is such a turn on." Karen smiled and looked at me. "It turns you on to be seen naked too, doesn't it?"

I had to be honest with her. "Yes, it does," I answered.

"Does it turn you on to see me out there naked?" Karen asked.

"Definitely," I replied.

"How about seeing other women with nothing on?" Karen asked.

I feared a trap but, again, I had to b e honest. "Yes, I enjoy seeing naked women."

"Then we're even," Karen laughed, "because I like seeing naked men." She paused. Tentatively, she said, "since we have in common that we like to be naked, be seen naked, and see other naked people, why don't we do it all the time?"

"What do you mean?" I asked.

With some passion, Karen said, "Will, I come back to the house, alone, every night knowing that everyone else at Birch Trails is fucking and sucking. I need someone to do that with. Also, I need someone here to help me. Glenda and Sam are great, but they were here before me and have their ideas about this place aren't necessarily the same as mine. I need someone here 100% loyal to me. Glenda and Sam are in their sixties, so I can't count on them staying that much longer. What I'm asking is: will you come live with me here? I know it's abrupt, but I'm sure it will work between us."

I wasn't prepared for very bright woman with a great personality to ask me to live with her while we stood together completely naked. Looking into Karen's eyes, I realized that she understood me better than I did. She already knew my answer. "If that's what you want," I said, "of course I'll move here."

"Not just to Birch Trails," Karen said, "but into my house and my bedroom. I want us to be business partners, best friends, and lovers. That's what I want."

"Karen," I said, "with you, I want that too."

"We start being lovers right now," she said. She tightened her grip on my hands, stepped backwards until she flopped on the bed, and pulled me down on top of her. We kissed and fondled each other for a few minutes. Then, I gently pulled myself out of her embrace and slid down her body until my face was level with her triangle.

I savored the sight and scent of her for a moment before I gently spread her thighs apart. I put my face between her thighs and began teasing her outer lips with my tongue. When she started squirming a little, I started sucking on her clit. Karen was responding nicely so I poked my tongue inside her and began exploring. As I licked the front wall of her pussy, Karen said, "Can you go just a bit higher?" I pushed my face into her and extended my tongue to its limit. "Yes!" Karen exclaimed, "right there."

I licked the spot Karen had directed me to, sometimes hard, sometimes lightly. When I sensed she was getting close, I backed off and very gently ran my teeth over her clit. After a couple of times doing that, Karen wrapped her thighs around my head and said, "get me off, now!" I went back to the spot and began licking hard and fast. Karen's hips bucked and she tightened her thighs around my head, as if to pull me inside her. It was a lot of fun.

Karen's hips finally bucked twice very hard, lifting my head and upper body up. Her legs relaxed and I raised my head up to look at her face. She was flushed, panting, and looked incredibly beautiful. She smiled at me and gasped, "good job!"

I moved up the bed placing my body above hers. When our faces were level, she gave me a quizzical look. I answered by pushing my dick into her very wet pussy. "More?" she gasped, but she immediately began moving in rhythm with me. I tried to push my dick against the same spot I'd been licking. Karen was quickly bucking hard again and sucking in air. I leaned my head down and started sucking her left nipple. It seemed almost instantly that she said, "oh god! I can't.... Oh GOD. OH GOD. OH YES!"

She bucked very hard again, lifting me up with her. She took in a violent breath. After a second or two, she began to relax. I started to pull out, but she wrapped her legs around me. "Keep... going," she said between breaths, "come... in... me... please." Karen grunted and contracted around me. The sensation was entirely new to me. After a few more thrusts, I came long and hard. "Good boy," Karen said.

We held each other for a long time. Karen was sweaty and slippery. She looked, felt, and smelt wonderful. After a while, she said, "I haven't come twice like that since college. Damn, you make an impression."

Birch Trails had a staff of about twenty-five, mostly part-time. I didn't know them all yet, but I think all of them showed up for the party. At 1:00 p.m., Karen stood up on a small crate and made a short speech thanking the staff for their work and for working with her through the transition. "Help yourselves to the food and drink. The party will last until 4:00 p.m. Please don't drink too much if you're working tonight," Karen said. "I'd also like to introduce someone who also helped me a great deal and whom I hope you'll see here a lot more. Will, come up here with me."

I hadn't expected Karen to do that. She gestured twice for me to come to her before I did. I had to put my arm around her bare waist for both of us to be able to balance on the crate. "Will was the lawyer who helped with Beth's estate," Karen said, "but he's shifted from that role to being my boyfriend." That earned a small round of applause. "Last, but maybe most important," Karen said, "Birch Trails is a nude resort. I'm not ordering it, but I encourage the staff to take your clothes off and enjoy Birch Trails the way our guests do."

Janice, our chef, and Darryl, who helped Sam with maintenance, kept their clothes on. Everyone else stripped down. Some of the staff carried extra weight and probably looked better clothed. Two of the girls who worked as servers in the restaurant at night and at the poolside grill, Jackie and Lena, looked very good.

There were, of course, a few guests around too. They also got to eat and drink for free. It was a pleasant, lowkey event. Karen had just finished taking me around to meet all the staff when one of the guests came up to me, a mildly attractive woman whom I guessed was in her forties. "I'm Megan Alzer," she said. "The man over there," she pointed to a man of about the same age across the pool, "is my husband Martin." She explained that she and Martin had their own law firm in the city about two hours north of Birch Trails. "We do primarily small business transactional work and real estate. We'd be happy to help if you're not representing Karen or Birch Trails anymore." Since I was in a relationship with Karen now, I couldn't represent her or her business any longer.

The staff party was, I thought, a success. Later that evening, Karen and I had dinner in the restaurant with Megan and Martin. Megan's initial approach had put me off, but she repaired the damage over dinner. Megan and Martin turned out to be delightful people who knew what they were talking about.

While diners in the restaurant were nude, nude servers were illegal. Consequently, the young ladies who worked as servers had a uniform of a tight white top and a short dark skirt. Lena, who had been nude at the party that afternoon, waited on us that evening. After she brought our drinks, she stood, with a hip cocked, and asked, "so, do you think I look better in this uniform or naked?"

Martin and I looked at each other, both of us recognizing that was a question we should not answer. Megan, however, immediately said, "well, of course, you look much better naked." Karen nodded her agreement.

"It's really unfair," Lena said, "that everyone else around here can go naked but we have to work clothed."

Karen looked at me. I shrugged and said, "I get it. I'm sorry but that's the law: if you handle food you have to be dressed."

"I know," Lena said, "but it isn't fair!"

Karen and I had another drink with Megan and Martin after dinner. It was unseasonably warm for September so the four of us went outside for a walk. As we moved out of the lights from the Inn and the pool, Megan and Martin started kissing and fondling each other. Karen and I took that as our cue to go up the hill to the house.

The wall of Karen's master bedroom facing towards the Inn and the pool was covered with a curtain. I had assumed the curtain covered a window. Karen pulled the curtain that night to reveal French doors leading out onto a balcony. She opened the doors and I saw an air mattress on the balcony. "Sometimes," Karen said, "when it's warm, I sleep out here under the stars. Want to try that tonight?"

"Just sleep?" I asked.

"Of course not, silly," Karen replied. She stepped to me. We hugged and kissed. She played with my balls while I rubbed her left nipple between my thumb and forefinger. After a while, my hand moved between Karen's legs and one of hers wrapped around my dick. We played with each other for quite a while. One nice thing about doing that was that I could watch Karen's face the entire time. Her face was always beautiful, but she became even more beautiful as she got aroused.

We finally lay down on the air mattress, on our sides, facing each other. Karen lifted her left leg up and wrapped it over the backs of my thighs as I entered her. I had never made love lying on my side before. Karen seemed to know what she was doing, so I followed her lead. It wasn't as difficult as I would have thought, and the sensation was slightly different. We kept looking into each other's eyes the entire time we fucked and as we each came. That was another thing I'd never done before, but I'd never made love to anyone as beautiful as Karen before either.

Once her breathing slowed to normal, Karen said, "Will, you get this great look on your face as you come." No one had ever said that to me before.

"Karen," I said, "watching you orgasm is the most beautiful thing I've ever seen."

Karen giggled. "I guess that means we'll have to do this a lot," she said. That sounded perfect to me.

We slept naked on Karen's balcony that night with no cover over us. I usually can't sleep without something covering me, but I slept very well that night with Karen beside me. I awoke with the typical morning wood. Karen, who was already awake, said, "I can't let that go to waste." She pushed me onto my back and, with no foreplay, mounted me. I'd always thought some foreplay was a physical necessity, but Karen was more than sufficiently aroused. Seeing her above me, silhouetted by the morning sun, and feeling the sensations she caused made that morning was one of the greatest moments in my life.

I think Karen felt that morning was extra special also. She set a slow pace and we pleasured each other for a long time before she hastened the pace. She again did the thing that felt like her pussy contracting on my dick. Once she did that, we both came quickly, forcefully, and loudly.

When Karen stopped moaning, we heard two people clapping below. "Best way to start the day," a female voice called out. Karen looked at me, blushing slightly, and broke into laughter.

About an hour later, Karen and I were walking by the pool. A middle-aged couple came up to us. "Thank you for what you were doing this morning," the woman said.

"That was exactly the inspiration we needed to go back o the room for morning sex ourselves," the man added.

"So much for being anonymous," Karen said softly as they walked away. She thought for a moment, then added, "But, I'm glad they heard us and I'm glad they know it was us."

It took me about a month to farm the work I had out to other lawyers and get out of my office and apartment leases. Once I was out of Karen's intoxicating presence, I thought her idea that I live with her made something of a parasite. She owned Birch Trails and, I knew, would inherit millions in a few years. I started seeing a leech in the mirror. We had a very long telephone conversation about that which ended in Karen's promise to tell me immediately if she felt I was taking advantage of her. More meaningfully, the call confirmed that I was completely smitten with Karen Wynne. I couldn't not live with her.

Once I had moved in with Karen at Birch Trails, she put me to work. I learned about the resort's bookkeeping, purchasing, reservations, and marketing (primarily word-of-mouth). I helped clean cabins. I also spent time with Sam making various repairs, from fixing broken room furniture to replacing a segment of sewer line from one of the cabins.

I was a little surprised that we had about five couples booked for Thanksgiving that year. Karen wanted to give them a traditional Thanksgiving dinner but also insisted on giving Janice the holiday off to spend with her family. That meant that Karen and I cooked Thanksgiving dinner for a dozen. It came out better than I expected, thanks to Janice's very detailed written instructions. The best part was watching Karen in the kitchen wearing only an apron. Yes, it was probably a health code violation, but I approved.

Megan and Martin were one of the couples who came for Thanksgiving. After dinner, Megan approached us. "Martin and I represent some artists in the city (referring to our state capital to the north)," she said. "One does erotic art. She's having an exhibition in January and is looking for a man and woman to do what I guess you'd call 'performance art" as part of it. Martin and I thought you two might be interested."

I imagined a number of things as erotic "performance art." Doing any of them with Karen would be great. I looked at Karen with raised eyebrows. "What, exactly, does she want the couple to do?" Karen asked.

"I honestly do not know," Megan said. "Why don't you come up and meet with her. Whether it works out or not, the four of us can at least get a drink."

Karen and I met with the artist at her townhouse in mid-December. The woman, who went by the single name Paulina, was in her late fifties or early sixties; slender, with long gray hair. She was handsome and, I thought, probably had been very attractive when she was younger. She brought out a large portfolio. "I want you to see a sample of my work," Paulina said. "The first half of the book is my work as a model, the rest is work as an artist."

Paulina had been very attractive when she was younger. She also hadn't been the least bit bashful in her poses. "I wanted the camera to see all of me," she commented. Her art was, primarily, photography, along with a few sketches. Most of the poses were very explicit. However, the pictures also had a joyous quality. I got the impression the models and Paulina had fun creating the work.

"I'm having an exhibition at a small gallery on the north side of town in mid-January," Paulina said. "Attendance is by invitation only. The guests will be people who have bought my work in the past and a few people I consider prospects. They all know they will be seeing erotic art. I want to give them something more exciting. What I would want you to do is stand on a pedestal, tied together, in coitus, for about 90 minutes."

"You mean....?" Karen started.

Paulina cut Karen off. "I mean his penis in your vagina, while you're tied together, in a roomful of people. Are you willing to do that?"

Karen looked at me. I could tell from her face that what Paulina described excited her. To be honest, it excited me too. I nodded at Karen.

"Yes, we are," Karen replied to Paulina. "It sounds like fun."

"I hope it will be," Paulina replied. "Now, please take your clothes off. I need to see you both nude."

Just a few months ago, Karen and I both would have stormed out if Paulina had asked us to strip. In the event, we both smiled, stood, and undressed. It Paulina walked around each of us very slowly. When she circled back in front of me, she said, "please spread your feet apart." I did as I was told. Paulina took my balls in her hand, lifted them up, and examined them thoroughly. To Karen, she said, "I need to see his erection. Do you mind if I get him hard?"

Smiling at me, Karen said, "please, feel free." Karen kept smiling as Paulina stroked my dick. The situation was so odd, and so erotic, that I got very hard very fast.

Paulina examined my erection from every angle. "That will do," she finally said. Shifting her attention to Karen, she said, "please sit down and spread your legs." Karen did as she was told. Paulina knelt between Karen's knees and looked at her closely. There was something absurd, but also exciting, about standing naked in a strange room with a hard-on watching a woman we'd just met inspecting Karen's cunt.

Paulina finally stood up and said, "I think the two of you will do nicely. Let me have Rod look at you." Paulina left the room but returned in a moment accompanied by a man probably ten years her junior. I am not a small guy, but Rod dwarfed me, with tattooed arms about three quarters the size of my thighs. "Can you do it with this couple?" Paulina asked.

Rod looked at us for a moment. "They are a bit bigger than I expected," he said. "The guy has some muscle on him but, yeah, we can do it. I'll get Jerry and Stew to help hoist them." Rod left the room.

Paulina turned to us. "If you are willing, it's a deal. Of course, I will pay you. Does $ 500 for the two of you sound fair?"

"We'd love to do it," Karen replied, "but we're in it for the thrill. We don't want your money. That would cheapen us."

"You just want strangers to see you in a sexual pose," Paulina said. "I respect that." We shook hands. Paulina wrote down for us where we were to be and when. Karen and I dressed and left.

It was too early in the day for drinks, so we met Megan and Martin near their office for coffee. Karen described to them what we had agreed to do. "That sounds exciting," Megan said.

"Paulina invited us to the show," Martin said. "We weren't sure whether we are going but we have to see the two of you."

Karen squeezed my hand under the table. The idea of posing in front of strangers with my dick in Karen's cunt was exciting enough. That people we knew were going to see us was scary, and thrilling.

There was snow in the air as Karen and I drove north that January Saturday. The gallery where Paulina was doing her show was just north of downtown. Thankfully, it had parking behind the building. The outside door had a sign up, "Closed for Private Event." We had to ring a bell and then explain to the man who answered that we were the live models. He led us up a flight of stairs into a room which ran the length of the building. The entire room was off-white. In the center of the room was a pedestal about four feet high and, maybe, three feet square.

Paulina was standing in a corner talking with another older woman who was introduced to us as the gallery owner. Rod was there with two other heavily muscled young men. A very slender young woman was hanging a sketch of a woman masturbating. Paulina introduced us to the young woman, Lynne DuPais. "Lynne is a student at the university," Paulina explained. "She's interning with me. Now, you two get your clothes off." It was an hour before the show was to start. "I don't want any marks from your clothing on your skin," Paulina said.

Rod seemed indifferent, but the two men with him watched intently as Karen undressed. I couldn't blame them, Karen looked even more beautiful than usual. Her excitement made her radiant. I was more surprised when I noticed that Paulina, the gallery owner, and Lynne were watching me undress. "I think the other women agree with me that you're pretty hot naked," Karen whispered.

Karen and I stayed out of the way while Lynne, Paulina, and the gallery owner finished hanging and rehanging Paulina's work. About ten minutes before the show started, Paulina asked us, "You're ready?" We both nodded. "Ok," Paulina said, "get each other aroused." All six clothed people watched as I fingered Karen and she stroked me. That made me hard pretty fast. "That's good," Paulina said. "Get into your pose."

We knew what Paulina meant. Karen and I embraced. Karen spread her legs slightly and I slid my dick inside her. Entering Karen was always a special experience, but it was more intense that day because six people were watching us. "This is great!" Karen said.

"Do you enjoy being watched?" Paulina asked.

"I hadn't known it till now, but yes; I do!" Karen replied enthusiastically.

"Will?" Paulina asked.

"I enjoy doing anything with Karen," I answered.

Rod knelt behind me and one of the other men knelt behind Karen. The men forced our legs wide apart and clamped metal rods to our ankles. "Spreader bars," Paulina explained. "They will defeat your natural reaction to close your legs when the guests are in the room. I want my guests to see you clearly."

Rod and the other man wrapped two smooth ropes around our legs, up our sides, and around our torsos. Karen and I were bound tightly together. There are a lot worse things than being tied naked to Karen Wynne, but not too many better.

Rod and the other man carefully tied the loose ends of the ropes wrapped around us to a larger rope hanging from a pulley in the ceiling. Satisfied, all three men began pulling on the other end of the heavy rope, lifting us up off the floor. Bearing our weight, the ropes around our chests were very tight, making it difficult to breathe. I hoped it wouldn't be like that for the full 90 minutes.

The three men lifted us about five feet into the air. It was not comfortable. Paulina pushed us until we were a few inches above a pedestal. The men lowered us. Once our feet were on the pedestal, the pressure on our chests diminished significantly. "That's better," Karen whispered. "Can we fuck?" she asked. I tried a small thrust. Since the ropes were not wrapped around our hips, I had a good range of motion. I'd have to move inside Karen some to stay hard, but we had to be careful not to get too stimulated.

Echoing my thoughts, Paulina said, "please don't come until the guests have left."

A couple of minutes later, we felt a cool breeze in the room. We heard voices and the sounds of people moving closer to us. "My god," a male voice said, "she's got real people fucking!" Karen giggled and ground herself into me.

The way we were tied, we couldn't look down to see the patrons. I'm guessing our pubes were just above eye level. I had the sense that people were circled around us. "Classic Paulina," a woman said.

With the ropes bearing some, but not all, of our weight, standing on the pedestal was not at all uncomfortable. Of course, being in Karen was extremely comfortable. "Enjoying yourself?" I softly asked Karen.

"Yes," she replied, "I'm glad we're doing this. I'm glad you're with me." Karen kissed me. That brought home the realization that I was having fun.

Karen and I focused on keeping each other stimulated, but not over stimulated. However, we were always aware of being on display to a lot of people. That was the really fun part.

I had no idea how long we'd been on the pedestal when Karen whispered, "Jesus! I just want to come." I'd been thinking the same thing and was weighing how much trouble we'd be in if I went for it and we both came.

Once again, Paulina seemed to read my mind. To her guests, Paulina said, "our two models have been on edge quite some time. I had not planned to do this but, with your permission, I'm going to suggest that they bring other to orgasm while we all watch. Is that ok?" The applause in the room seemed very loud. "Karen, Will," Paulina said, "will you please make each other come?"

"Oh god this is hot!" Karen moaned. I started moving inside her more forcefully and faster. I had enough freedom of movement to hit her favorite spot with my dickhead, and I attacked it. "Oh god yes!" Karen yelled. With our chests bound together, I could feel her heartbeat speeding up, which enhanced the sensations. Karen moaned again, leaned her head against mine, and bit me. She also contracted her cunt on my dick. That forced me to push much harder but greatly increased the sensation for both of us. In a few more seconds, Karen was bucking her hips against me. She shuddered and let out a loud moan. I came in the middle of her moan. It was so good; my vision went away for a second.

We relaxed in our ropes, spent. Karen's head rested against mine. For a few moments, the room was utterly silent. My dick slipped out of Karen and pointed at the floor. At almost that same time, someone started clapping. The applause was taken up by others. Karen pulled her head back, smiled at me, and said, "I knew I'd get a standing ovation sometime in my life. I didn't expect it would be for fucking in public, but I'm glad it was and I'm glad I was fucking you. Thank you for doing this with me." Karen and I kissed. We held the kiss while Paulina's guests filtered out of the room.
