Jon stared endlessly into the white light of his computer screen, and corrected his slouched posture. He shifted once more through the tiring flood of emails and spreadsheets as he had done for the last week. He had sunk too many hours into another project, making sure Ghopper Enterprises had received their shipment of data processor chips on time.
Being a commodities broker was not an easy job in this day and age. He reconfirmed the calendar date at the bottom of the screen, June 11th, 2260. With no delays the shipment should meet its destination within the week.
Jon combed his hands through his short brown hair. He could finally get a break. Exiting out of work related windows, he paused as he came upon the familiar page that had remained open since yesterday. The title flashed wildly in a rainbow of colors. "Anime-co's bio-droids, hyperrealistic and programmed for you pleasure."
Below were dozens of photos. They were indistinguishable from humans, and many were modeled after women from classic animes and mangas. It was as if they had popped off their respective medium and joined the real world. Their detail was stunning.
Some were shown to be doing housework, while others took on the role of nannies, and construction assistants. A tiny synthetic girl displayed her incredible strength in lifting an enormous steel beam.
Tucked away further down the page were more suggestive photos and videos. Jon sighed as he clicked on one of a playful girl who exactly resembled Super Sonico from the series of the same name. Her pink hair flowed over her shoulders, and strummed a mighty rift on her guitar. "Hello, my name is Sonico." She was excited, but characteristically soft-spoken. "I love to play music and make people happy!"
Next to the video was a highlighted link, that said 'see pricing.' Clicking it, another list popped up, and showed purchasing options along with reviews.
The very first choice was what he sought. Two beautiful anime girls embraced in the photo. Yoko Littner from Gurren Lagann squeezed Sonico tight against her cheek. She was in her signature clothing, with delicious ample breasts squeezed together behind a flaming bikini top. Her red hair was intertwined and partially hidden by Sonico's own.
Captioned beneath it read 'For a limited time buy this set for only 15,000, credit card information required.'
Jon arose from the chair and looked around the study, leaving the computer frozen on the pair. Money had never been an issue, as his grand five-bedroom estate could testify. He ran his hand over his smooth, handsome face and sighed once more. He wanted companionship, but he was only used to talking with people from behind a screen.
He walked to the kitchen; ignoring the noticeable bulge in his pants. From the fridge he retrieved a plate of leftover sushi, and took the meal out on the veranda.
The landscape of rural Montana was something to be admired. It was from this isolated locale that Jon could concentrate on his work. It was his own island, separated from the prying eyes of the real world. The shrubbery was green year-round, and the crystalline sky that stretched beyond the tall noble pines lent a profound sense of being to anyone who witnessed it.
He ate the sushi cold, with his fingers. His ex-wife had helped to make him a recluse. After her betrayal in trying to embezzle money from him, he had grown cautious to let anyone back in. She had been a long and arduous chapter in his life, that he did not want to repeat.
He had survived her and build himself anew. The fruits of his labor were present in his manor, and its many flourishes. But what was the point if there was on one to share it with?
Jon leaned on the railing and watched the sun dip lower into the horizon. The cascade of orange convinced him. He needed to overcome his mistrust, he needed heralds to keep him from drowning in his own insecurity. A chill dashed up his spine as the northern air signaled night.
Finishing the roll, he continued back inside and returned to his study. Yoko and Sonico kept smiling, enthralled by the fact of simply being alive.
With a steady hand he coerced the cursor over to the 'Order' button.

Jon woke with a start as the doorbell echoed in his ears. He was unused to hearing it, and briefly panicked at the sound. "Uh, just one minute!" he threw on some pants, and took the spiraling staircase two steps at a time.
Another chime rang, and he skidded across the tiled foyer to the entrance.
"H-hello? Can I help you?" he opened the door to a blue-suited deliveryman.
"Yes. Mr. Erickson? I've got two big packages that I need you to sign off on."
Jon immediately turned red as he saw the unmistakable Anime-co labeling on two sizable crates behind him. Had they really shipped so quickly?
"Of course." He snatched up the stylus and scratched his signature into the pad.
"Thank you. Do you need help getting these inside or...?" the middle-aged man stroked his beard.
"No, no, I've got it, thanks!"
A wave of relief washed over him as the deliveryman's truck vanished behind the tree-line. Summoning the strength in his muscular arms he hauled the crates into the high-ceilinged living room.
With some effort he finally pried off the front face of one. Laying within, Yoko Littner slept peacefully in a bed of styrofoam. She was perfect, resting wonderfully in her original outfit. Her rubber short-shorts left little to the imagination, and her white studded belt complimented her polished flaming boots. Her breasts were magnificent pillows held tight under fiery underwire.
Her lava hair had become unruly in the journey, and the two characteristic chopsticks had fallen from her head, only to be found on her shoulder.
Jon gulped and gathered his courage. It had been sometime since he had been in female company. "How do I...turn you on?" he said to himself and looked around her mouth-watering anatomy for instruction.
Her bosom was so inviting, her rack a generous set of double d's. Her flesh so supple, that he could see the tiny delicate pores that comprised it. Without thinking he pressed his full countenance between them and felt the sweet touch of her skin against his.
"You're so...warm." Jon closed his eyes and rubbed into her.
"Thank you." he looked up to see Yoko giving a small smile. "I'm insulated, so I stay a nice 98 degrees just like you." He felt her gloved arm trickle down his back and squeeze his butt playfully.
"You're awake! I'm sorry, I didn't mean to...invade your personal space." He reeled back and stiffened.
Yoko chuckled and stepped out of the container. "You don't like my breasts? You were cuddling with them awfully hard." She pressed them together with her elbows and swayed.
"No, I do! You just caught me off guard. I thought you were offline."
"I get turned on when my sensors pick up a significant heat signature. Are you sweating?"
"A little. You get turned on you say?"
"Yeah, in more ways than one." She wiggled her eyebrows.
Yoko paused and looked around the regal living room. Large sofas sat across from a massive flatscreen television. Though it was mostly minimalist, the furniture that was present was high-end and purposeful. The glass coffee table glinted off the chandelier's fixtures and reflected back onto its own copper legs.
"Wow, this place is beautiful, do you live here? What's your name?" she gathered the chopsticks and slowly attended to fixing her mane.
"M-My name is Jon Erickson, this is my home."
"Can I live here too?"
"If you want to."
"Awesome!" Yoko embraced him again, and ran her hands through his crewcut. "I'm so lucky! Jon?"
"Yes?"
"Can I call you Master?"
"No, you don't need to do that." He looked around nervously.
"I want to though, you bought me. It's only right."
"I, uh...."
"Oh, cool!" she eyed the still sealed crate beside her. "You got us as a set!" she knocked furiously on the side. "Hello? Calling Suuuuper Sonico, wake up in there!"
"I'll get her out, just let me find that crowbar."
In one swift movement Yoko tore the crate's front off and let it clatter to the floor. "No worries, I'm really strong."
Sonico was just as precious as promised. Her luscious layers of pink hair were stretched taut over size D breasts that were barely contained in her white and blue hoodie. Across the front in rainbow lettering the words 'Nitroplus' was spelled out. Her enormous chrome headphones cradled her head in place. By her side rested a beautiful stratocaster.
Jon cocked his head and felt himself growing lighter.
"Sonico! Sonico? Come on wake up!" Yoko pressed her body into her and continued to repeat the mantra as she poked a single finger into her cleavage.
Sonico's eyelids fluttered, and she mewed quietly.
"Looks like she needs a little more prompting. Would you like to help me, Master?"
Yoko yanked him into the box and held tight onto him. "She's being silly. She won't wake up unless she gets kisses."
She began to plant her lips on Sonico's neck over and over, while her yellow eyes glowed with delight. Jon followed suit, and delivered a single kiss to her cheek.
Feigning a yawn, Sonico snapped her eyes open and flung her arms around him. "It's so nice to finally meet you. I need some inspiration in my life!"
"His name is Jon. He's our new Master, just look at this house!"
"Oh, my. It goes on forever. Do you have a big bathtub too?"
"I have three."
Sonico hopped up and down, "Let's go take a bath together! You look all sweaty, you need to relax." She whipped her shirt over her head and worked her skirt down to her ankles. "I love baths."
"W-why don't I show you around a bit first? You deserve a proper tour and, uh,...wow." Jon stared at the shameless, well-endowed girl in front of him. Her nude, smooth features were enough to stupefy any man.
"Well, okay. Do I have to put my clothes back on though? It's easier to just leave them off."
"She'll look for any excuse to stay naked." Yoko rolled her eyes. "Why don't you show him some of your outfits?"
"Oh, that's a great idea. We can model for him." Sonico presented her adorable butt, and bent over to retrieve more garments from the crate. "I like...this one!"
She pulled out a familiar bikini and knocked her hips in contemplation. "Don't you have other outfits too, Yoko?"
"I do!" she turned and looked through more clothing. Among the articles, Jon noticed a stewardess outfit, and many star themed accessories. "I think I just want to wear this and nothing else." Yoko produced an enormous replica sniper rifle, and winked.
Jon was wide-eyed at the thought, and found himself short of breath. Reading his body language Yoko collected herself, and coerced Sonico back into her original outfit, despite her pouting.
"We're ready to take the tour, Master."
"Right. Just follow me." Jon gathered saliva into his dry throat. They really were there for him. Not merely as pleasure droids, but the very epitome of their respective character was ever-present in their personalities. His dream women were in his house, well-meaning, and relentlessly beautiful. He could broker a deal between two companies worth millions without hesitation, but this was a different challenge altogether.
Towards the back of the house he pointed out the vast indoor gym, with computerized treadmills, weights, and punching bags. "This is my workout space, feel free to use it or train, no target practice though, please."
"You must work out a lot, this place is a mess." Yoko said, matter-of-factly."
"Sorry, about clutter." Jon picked a sweaty rag and tossed it in the hamper.
"He sure does, just feel these abs." Sonico pet his mid-section.
"Thank you...." He retreated and quickly showed them the attached sauna. Complete with steaming stones and towels. The wooden benches within were snug, but comfortable.
"Fuck yes." Yoko's smile grew wider with each new room.
"Upstairs we have the bedrooms." Every chamber offered a kingsized bed, with large windows and larger closets. Each coming with a wall television, and opulent carpet space whose touch rivaled that of the silken sheets laid down. "I have four guest-rooms, so you two can make yourself at home in whichever you like."
The girls simply looked at each other and giggled.
"What's so funny?"
"We were thinking we'd just sleep with you if that's okay."
"Oh, of course. I mean, if you want to." Jon felt his flush return.
"Moving on."

Sonico traced her finger along the edge of the slick porcelain surface. The bathtub, much like all else in the estate was of grandiose design; big enough to hold a foursome, with decorative faucets, and tempting jets along its inner walls. In the corner of the room, a curtainless shower stood. It was laid out like a bathhouse, and multiple drains ensured one could travel between them without incident. The far wall played host to the bidet and the toilet, making sure that cleanliness was a priority.
"This is the bathroom, where you can wash yourselves, and bathe regularly. I'd like you to keep tidy if you can. There are heated towels by the tub if you need them."
Sonico was entranced by every fiberglass fixture. Why would anyone want to leave such a wonderful room? She envisioned lounging in sudsy splendor with her handsome new owner. "Do you have bubbles?"
"I don't think so."
"How can you take a bath without bubbles? You should get some!"
"I'll make sure to do that."
"Come on, stop drooling." Yoko pulled her through the doorframe, we got more to see."

"This is the kitchen. I don't know if you guys eat, but..."
Yoko clambered onto the center island countertop, and dug into a basket of fruit, pulling out a banana of noticeable girth. "Hey, Sonico look what I found!"
"Oh, I love bananas they are so sweet and delicious." Stealing it from Yoko's hand she peeled it and began nibbling on the tip.
"We don't have to eat." Yoko said opening the fridge, "but we certainly enjoy tasting things."
"I can see that." Jon gawked as Sonico suckled deeply on the yellow shaft with her eyes closed in concentration.
"You've got quite the selection here. Does someone else live here? This is a lot of food for a single guy...." Yoko plucked a strawberry from the bowl and ran it over her lips.
"Yeah, well, I go through a lot of calories." He looked to the floor.
"We might need to stock up then. Maybe some whipped cream, chocolate, and other good stuff. I could go for a big, juicy sausage myself." She played with black strap of her top thoughtfully.
"Uh, sure, we can do that. I still need to show you the pool first."
"Pool?" Sonico looked up from the gooey nub that remained. On her face several strings of mush were present.
"You have something on your face, silly. Don't worry...I'll get it off." Yoko pulled her close and delicately ran her tongue from her chin to her temple. "Mmm, that is a good banana."
"Thank you." She rubbed the saliva into her cheek.
Jon blinked and tried to clear his head before opening the curtains to the large bay windows behind them.
"Is that it? It's like you have an ocean in your backyard!" Sonico discarded the peel and pressed her face to the glass.
The pool was a pristine blue that sparkled under the morning sun. Stretching nearly the width of the building, its fanciful tiled perimeter lead to inviting marble steps. The water beckoned with a virginal clarity. Nearby, hidden among the privacy of rosebushes, a hot tub sat at the base of a sculpted rock waterfall. The tanning deck adjacent featured a dozen unused reclining chairs.
"Can I swim? Please?" Sonico begged.
"Sure. Do you want me to go get your swimsuit? I think I saw one among your outfits...."
With her clothes already forgotten on the floor, Sonico opened the door and skipped playfully outside, her pale butt jiggling all the way to the edge of the water. Without a second thought, she leapt in and splashed about. "I love you, Master!" she called out, her hair already clinging to her body in a soaked mass.
"She didn't even take off her headphones."
"It's okay, they're waterproof, like us."
Yoko smirked and mashed her breasts into Jon's shoulder blades. From behind he felt her hot breath on the nape of his neck. "Little nudist can't help herself. We really do love you, you know." She pawed confidently at the hem of his pants. "Thank you for welcoming us into your life. Why don't we get these things off, huh?"
"M-maybe a little later. This is all happening really fast." He slipped from her tenacious grip. "Let's get to know each other a little better first. You have free rein of the house, do whatever you like."
"You are a romantic. We just want you to be happy, but I have to tell you," she whispered in his ear, "I really want to be fucked."
"R-right. Well, I need to finish up another project, those stocks don't sell themselves. Please excuse me."
With long strides he disappeared into the house.
"What happened? Where is he going?" Sonico rested her tits on the side of the pool.
"Master needs some time to himself right now. I don't think he's used to company like us."
"Aww, I hope he's alright. Everyone deserves to have fun."
"He'll be alright. He just needs a little encouragement. We need to show that we're here for him."
Sonico hauled herself out, and laid her sopping, buxom body upon the cool- deck. Beads of liquid raced over her nipples and rolled down her smooth pubis. "I gotcha. I'll give his cock a rock opera to remember me by."