 
INTRODUCED TO ROUGH SEX 

By Jeevanjeevan80@hotmail.com 

Hi Readers you must be bored with all my stories with same things repeating. So here is an exciting story I wrote for a chat friend based on her experience, in her words only. Friends we have started INCEST CLUB recently with the enthusiasm of us readers and I appeal those of you interested to join it. In this connection please write to me or Hari harixxx@hotmail.com. ITS FREE for all. 

I was in a college and studying in the first year. Oups! My name is Nikita and I stay in Mumbai. My college was in Mahim and I had to go from Thane all the way by local train. I am 18 and 54, fair, slim and the striking feature is my figure. I have nice big 34 boobs that never sag with big aureoles and taut nipples. My waist is just 20, very slim and if your hand is big you can catch it in your palm. I have ass that is slightly bigger than my waist and is just 22. The secret behind my big boobs is that I allow boys to handle them regularly. They pull at them bite the nipples and do anything they wish to it. My ass should have developed too as it has seen cocks, but before the boy is finished with boobs he is useless, he ejaculates about 2 times just on my boobs and left with nothing to fuck my small ass. 
I always was in search for nice fucking and was very alert at the signals males use to throw at me. It was my luck I caught the right signal and my life and more correctly my sex life changed. There was one 40-yr. old person having nice athletic body and slim body, no belly and nice sexy brown eyes, I will call him as Sanjay. He was married but living separately from his wife and was working somewhere in Mahim. He used to look at my figure with penetrating eyes and I got the signal that this bloody fellow wants to fuck me. I started to smile at him and out meetings changed into long chats. I came to know all about him and his interests etc and told him mine. (No, not sex friends). He was no fool, and got me right where I wanted. He got all the body messages and was sure that this horny girl will allow him to have a go at her pussy. 
One day he asked me to come to his house for a small party which he was giving on his promotion, thats what he told me. It was Saturday and I went to his house in the evening at 7.00 p.m. His house was not big but ok and in an apartment complex, not far away from my house. He opened the door and I peeked inside, expecting many people there. But I did not see anybody and my heart skipped a beat. I was not afraid of him but was excited by the situation, which was ahead of me. He asked me to sit on the couch and gave me some cold drink, may be coke or something like that. He sat near me and asked me if I was surprised for seeing no one. I said yes I sure was. He told me that he wanted to call me alone but was afraid to do so thinking that I will not come. So he gave a party for his false promotion. I smiled at him and he immediately kept his lips on mine and literally crushed my mouth. I tried to push him away, not expecting this at all from him. He was furious and hit me on my slim ass. He told me,  Ashwini you have troubled me a lot baby. Now I am not going to spare you any more. I was crazy with all the fucking signals you gave me and now I am going to fuck you baby. 
Hearing this I was excited but I had to protest and he got angrier than ever. He went in and brought a nylon rope and catching my left hand turned me around so that both my hands were behind my back. The bastard tied a knot and secured my hands. I had not even tried to struggle and this fucking bastard tied me. I was wearing thin shirt and jeans pant and with my hands behind my body my boobs jutted out straining against the thin fabric. I felt my nipples grow. OOH what was happening? I was getting aroused by this! I looked at my boobs and saw the nipples poking out through the thin material. Sanjay came to my front and watched my breasts, keeping his eye on the nipples and watching them growing. He was wearing shorts and T-shirt and I could see clear bulge on the shorts, the bulge was quite big and I expected the cock to be 8 inches or more. As I imagined the cock size my cunt started to ooze the juice and it went on becoming wet and wet. He now came to me and started to unbutton the thin shirt I was wearing. He undid top three buttons and pushed the shirt aside exposing my boobs for the first time. He looked at them and licked his lips, and told me that they were real nice and looked full. Hr removed rest of the buttons but could not remove my shirt due to the tied hands. Sanjay then took the two melons in his hands and pressed hard on them and I could see his fingers digging into the soft flesh. I felt pain as he increased the pressure but could not say anything due to the fear. I dont know how, but I was enjoying the pain he gave me while kneading the boobs. He rolled the two globes in his hands, then pushing them together he rolled the titties on each other. Sanjay was doing a great job and I involuntary loved it. I started to move my ass in excitement. He then removed the zip on my pant and pushed his hand inside and tried to locate my pussy. I could feel his hand search inside and finally settle on the fleshy lips of my pussy and move over the panties feeling them. Sanjay looked satisfied and now pulling his hand out removed the hooks on my pant and pulled it down roughly and as if in a hurry to see my ass and pussy. 
The jeans Pant fell to the floor and he asked it to remove it from my feet. I obeyed and removed my feet. He immediately pulled the panties down and kept his mouth on my pussy and started to explore it with his tongue. I was enjoying it and wanted to remove his shorts and see his dick but I could not do it since my hands were tied back. I was helpless and at his mercy. But did not regret what was happening to me. I looked at my self and could see Sanjay kneeling in front of me and licking my pussy. I could not resist this and with my left foot I searched his cock and found it hard and strong. He felt my foot on his cock and rubbed his cock on it with his movements. He now removed his shorts and freed the cock. OHH my God what a Salami! It was about 9 inches long and more than 2.5 inches wide and sprang up like a cobra ready to attack the enemy. I continued to feel it with my foot and absorbed the hardness through it. He got up and asked me to bend forwards. He then caressed my tiny but firm ass cheeks and put his finger on my Dark Bum hole and pushed it mercilessly. I cried in pain at the entry of the finger stumbled and was about to fall forwards. He grabbed me and held my balance and asked me to move near the couch. He made me rest my face on the back of the couch so that I had some support. Sanjay again came behind me and I felt his cock on my tied hands. Immediately I moved my fingers and caught it. He was huge and I could not hold the cock in my hand fully. He was surprised with this and asked me to be ready for some action. He caressed my ass and hit my ass cheeks with flat of his hand. Oh I cried in pain and asked him not to hit me. He told me that this was for teasing him all the time after we met. He continued spanking me till I cried loudly begging him to stop and telling him to do anything he wished with my body. He placed his cock on my ass hole and thrust hard. Nooooo! I cried. But he did not listen. My asshole was dry and his cock just entered stretching it wide. He too felt the dryness in the ass so he pushed his cock in my pussy and wetted it with the cunt juice and then again pushed it in my ass. OH god it pained a lot! All the skin around my ass hole was pushed inside by that mighty thrust and it pained. I tried to move my ass away but Sanjay hit me hard and catching the small ass in his hands pushed it back on the entering cock. 
Holy shit! His cock head entered my ass stretching it and molding it all around his cock. Friends it all was hurting me but I dont know why I was enjoying it. Now Sanjays cock had entered about half in my tiny ass and he was trying to push more of his cock. He had held my ass with both his hands and in between he used to spank me and also knead my boobs. So after a few more thrusts Sanjay could manage to push his entire cock in my ass. I could feel his monster touching the depths of my bowels and even caressing many organs nearby. I could feel very high and I my self started to push my ass on his cock and started to fuck him with real LUST. I have small ass and just imagine friends, that Sanjays 9-inch cock was torturing the same and it felt great. Sanjay was now fucking in earnest and spanking my ass all the time. Finally he groaned and released his come inside my Bowels. I felt the hot come spraying on the walls of the large intestine and it was really soothing my ass now. He fell on my back and my hands touched him. Finally he removed his cock and asked me to stand. Actually I was not in a position to stand but I had to. Now Sanjay untied my hands and my GOD what a relief! First thing I did was I moved my hands like in drill. Come was coming from my ass but I had to move the hands to make the fatigued muscles move and adjust to the freedom given by Sanjay. I thought Sanjay was done and wont fuck me for today. He asked me to kneel before him and suck his cock. I fell on my knees and took his flaccid cock in my mouth and sucked it. I could feel my own odor on the cock, friends, the same cock had been in my ass. This was perverted but I loved it and greedily licked and sucked the cock. I felt it stir and start to harden under my ministrations. 
As soon as it was hard he pushed me roughly away and lifted me and put me on the couch. Then Sanjay came over me and rubbed his cock all over my body and then on my sensitive boobs. I had felt the two globes neglected and now he was rubbing his hard cock all over them. I could feel the rubbing and my boobs too responded. The nipples started to grow hard and the blood rushed in my boobs to convey the things happening there to my whole body. Sanjay caressed the sensitive nipples with his cock head and shivers ran through my body. I felt my pussy leak and my asshole twitch. I was watching all this action, turning my head up. Sanjay then put the cock in the valley between the boobs and pushed the flesh of my boobs on it by pushing the two melons from the sides on his cock. He started to fuck my titties and each time the cock head poked and touched my mouth, I use to lick the cock head as a token of love for it. While fucking my tits, sanjays ass rubbed on my stomach and belly and massaged the skin there. After a few strokes I felt my body tense and then completely relaxed. I had come! Pussy juice flowed and trickled into the crack of my ass and it felt really nice. Sanjay now got up and pushing my legs over his shoulders thrust his cock in my leaking pussy. Ohh hit went all the way in upto the hilt. I felt the cock head touch my uterus and rub all over the surface of my vagina. I felt my pussy full of the cock meat after a long time and pussy muscles too gripped the intruder with love and affection. He started to fuck me slowly, pulling out all the cock and pushing it all the way in. Friends Sanjay really was fucking me methodically. While fucking he kneaded my boobs too. Sanjays speed caught up, and now he was fucking me fast and deep. My cunt walls gripped the cock and suddenly my pussy muscles contracted and relaxed, and I came again! The Basterd was nice fucker and he too felt me coming. He now fucked me pushing his cock on one side and then another. OOh god! He touched each and every cell in my pussy and fucked me faster than ever. His cock twitched and I felt it twitching, friends. He deposited his thick scum all inside my pussy and I came again! My pussy swallowed all his come and I felt soothing in the pussy. He released my legs and they fell down as if they had no life in them. My body was totally relaxed and I felt like sleeping there and then. Sanjay wiped his cock on my belly and left trails of come all over it. Sanjay now got up and brought a glass of cold water for me. I drank it as if the fellow was doing me a great favour. He sat besides me and for the first time kissed me affectionately. He told me that he really loved fucking my body and said that I was a great lay. I knew I was. But first time in my life somebody had fucked me brutally, not giving any attention to my needs but satisfying only his lust on my body. But I must tell you Friends that I ENJOYED BEING TREATED LIKE THIS. And I had come on my own about three times, and he never touched my clit for this. OH Friends, from then on I had to be fucked rough and tough, deep and more deep, cunt and ass. Oh spanked too! I left his house at about 9 00 p.m. fully contented and now I had definite needs for my body which could be fulfilled only by fucking rough and tough, which was never before. 
Bye friends, I met Jeevan on Chat and was impressed by him and told him to write this, giving him just the outline of my true encounter. 
So Jeevan again, ending this story. Readers send your comments and feedback for writing better and better stories for you Jeevan<jeevan80@hotmail.com> 
 
 
HI Friends
Join my group at 
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/jeevansgroup/

for exchange of ideas and meeting people for sex! And even to fulfill your fantacies in real life. Just call me and i will be there!Jeevan
