This is my first post. We had been loved for 2 years and were quite active in our sex activities life, always-experimenting different positions, different places.in the kitchen, in the bath, on an open terrace and so on.... The sense of adventure was getting on to us and we were trying to find ways and means of satisfying our sexual urges by involving others. My lover had a very close friend she is Padma 28, and unmarried. She used to drag my lover into conversations about our sex life. Swetha did have some encounters earlier but the frequency of around three or 4 times in a year. Padma was very free with us since we had met several times by then. We were more of friends than anything else.

During one of the conversations with my lover, Padma confessed that she was desperate to have sex and was not too sure to get involved with a new personShe had been through a troubled relationship earlier. My lover took the cue and said how about satisfying yourself with my would-be? Padma was shocked at the offer and brushed it off. My lover mentioned this a few other times to her and Swetha said she was not too sure

We invited Padma for lunch on a Saturday in my house where my parents was out of station on that day, a routine meeting at our apartmentWe were discussing on several issues, friends, music et al. The topics went on to sex and Padma told us that the last time she had sex was around 6 months ago and was wondering when she would get married and have sex 3 times a day !!!. I asked if she wanted to watch some blue movies, to which she agreedI put on a CD and I could see Padma is growing pain on wanting to have sex. I excused myself and went to answer a phone call in the other room. My love seized the opportune moment and asked Swetha if she wanted to have sex with meThere was no replyprobably she did not want to play around with friends and she was also taken aback by the proposal...

I completed my call and came back to the room where my lover and Swetha were sitting. My lover Sony Padma daughter asked the question again and I interjected and asked her Shall we. I offered my hand, which was met with her trembling hand, and she gasped a meek yes. She was sitting on the sofa.I pressed her hand and placed my lips on hers. The kiss was deep and lasted an eternity. Our tongues metI placed one of my hands on her boobs. She let out a moan. I started massaging her boob from the outside of her dress. We broke our kiss and I made her stand up and took of her top in one go She was trembling and had her eyes were closed. I undid her bra and put my lips on to her luscious nipple while massaging the other. My other hand went up her legs. I touched her pussy from outside and she let out a deep moan. I undid the buttons on her jeans and yanked them off along with her panties. I buried my face in her pussy and started licking all over. Padma pulled my hair and pressed my head into her love triangle. She was out of control now In addition, was pushing her pussy against my head while her hands were on my head pushing them into the pussy,

My lover meanwhile, took her dress off and came behind meShe undid my pants and pulled off T-shirt. We moved from the sofa into the bedroom. Padma was holding my dick and leading the way.Once on the king-size bedI lay eating Swethas pussy and my lover was under metaking my dick in her mouth and slurping it all. Swetha was rubbing her boobs and was now moaning very loudShe shouted she could not wait any longer and asked me to come up. I disengaged from my lover and took position between Padmas legs. Our lips met while I slowly penetrated her. She gave out a stifling cry and started pushing against me in rhythmMy lover Sony, meanwhile sat up and started sucking Padmas nipplesI was pushing my dick into Padma who was crying out loudWe went on for around 10 mins, when she gave out a loud moan and went limpShe came with a tremendous trembling My lover was watching us during the 10 mins and started masturbating... Her fingers were on her clit and she was furiously rubbing herself. I turned my attention to her and made her kneel down. I entered her doggy style, which she likes the bestAnother five minutes and I came

We made love for one more time and Padma left for her homeShe got gave born to any baby six months later and is now in Delhi with her very loving husband. We too got married; Padma and I met one more time before her marriage and had another rollicking time. It has been 3 years now. We do meet but we do not talk of the good times we had... We wished to keep it that wayour friendship intactShe is happy with her husband and plans to raise a family now 



