Anita's Phone Tease
By CanadianTease
(c) June 2005


"Ummmm - is it noon already?"  Anita's hand found the alarm 
clock on the nightstand next to her bed and switched it 
off.  She turned over and lay on her back, stretching 
luxuriously.

Sunlight was streaming through the windows, brightly 
illuminating the white sheet that covered her nude body.  
Her blonde hair was spread out on the pillow around her 
pretty face, a single strand lying across her lips.  She 
brushed it aside as she yawned, smiling at what promised to 
be a fine day.  As she lifted her arms above her head, the 
top of the sheet slid down, revealing the twin globes of 
her large, cream-white breasts, with their erect rosebud 
nipples.  She swept the sheet to the side, and gazed 
approvingly down at her body.  Anita was proud of her 
tempting figure, and took a sensual delight in it.  Sighing 
contently, she closed her eyes and ran her hands 
languorously over her voluptuous curves: first cupping her 
full breasts and pinching her nipples gently (which brought 
forth an involuntary moan of pleasure), then moving down 
over her flat stomach to caress the graceful sweep of her 
hips, finally reaching between her parted legs to brush the 
inside of her thighs lightly, slowly drawing her fingertips 
up to tantalize the cleft of her girlish vulva, pouting 
under delicate silken wisps of fair hair.  Unable to 
resist, she placed a fingertip at the top of her slit and 
rubbed gently in little circles, exciting the little nub of 
pleasure nestled inside.  She was tempted to bring herself 
to orgasm, but resisted - a little tease was enough to 
start the day, and it filled her with a pleasant erotic 
glow.

Anita's body gave her pleasure, as it did to those men who 
were lucky enough to be her occasional lovers.  It also 
gave her pleasure to think about the effect she had on the 
men who happened to cross her path during the day.  She 
always tried to dress in ways that would provoke desire, 
and it amused her to think of the frustrated erections she 
caused in all those aroused men, who couldn't wait to get 
home to masturbate to fantasies of her.  She knew the 
effect she had on them, especially on the men who came to 
watch her strip at the club, where she would do her utmost 
to put them through torments of tantalizing sexual tease 
and frustrated desire.

She had a free day ahead of her, with nothing to do until 
9:00 that evening, when she was due at the club.  Classes 
were over at the University, and exams behind her (thank 
god!), and she was looking forward to a lazy summer.  Her 
advisor had suggested she get started on her Master's 
thesis over the summer, but she'd decided against it - 
she'd had enough of libraries for awhile.  And today - 
today would be a shopping day.  She needed a new set of 
garters for the club, something that would go with the red 
bra and panties she liked to wear under her costumes.  Most 
of her outfits were based on street-clothes that girls 
might actually wear, like school uniforms, or sweaters and 
jeans; but sometimes she liked something really slutty, 
just for variety.  And she knew that her boyfriend John 
would appreciate seeing her modeling it for him, as well!

After a quick shower she selected a dress appropriate for 
the warm summer day, a lightweight sleeveless sundress, 
form-fitting above, and flaring out from her hips in pleats 
that flipped enticingly as she walked.  She knew it would 
get a lot of attention at the mall.

***

She spotted him almost as soon as she entered the large 
shopping complex in the center of the city.  She didn't 
know who he was, of course, but the lust and hunger showed 
clearly in his eyes as she walked by.  She was an expert 
when it came to that look, oh yes.

Poor old Jake.  He was a mall regular, one of the guys who 
hung out there when he wasn't working odd jobs, watching 
the girls who paraded up and down in their skimpy summer 
outfits.  They drove him crazy, and he spent his days 
following them through the mall, hoping for glimpses up 
their skirts when they sat down on the benches, or staring 
at their firm, round asses, shifting from side to side in 
tight shorts as they walked in front of him.  He loved how 
the air-conditioning often made their young nipples perk 
out enticingly, at least with the girls who didn't wear 
bras.  Often he became so excited that he needed to relieve 
himself in a men's room stall, stroking himself to orgasm 
amidst the swirl of tantalizing images that flooded his 
mind.

Anita didn't have to look; she knew that he had started to 
follow her.  She smiled to herself and headed for the 
escalator.

Jake felt the familiar surge between his legs when he saw 
her, a delicious blonde in a flimsy little dress: oh such 
beautiful big tits, that dress is so tight, look at how 
those tits are pushing and trying to get out, I wonder if I 
could see anything from the side through her sleeves, oh 
wow what a short skirt, her legs are so creamy, ohhhhhhh...

He saw her step onto the escalator going up, and he almost 
ran to get on behind her before anyone else had a chance to 
get in between.  He stayed back three steps, where he was 
able to get a tantalizing look up her skirt from behind.  
She was so beautiful, the dress clung to her shape from her 
neck down to her hips, then it got loose in light little 
folds, so thin he could almost see through it.  Her legs, 
mmmm her legs, so long and firm!  His eyes swept hungrily 
up and down, from the light sandals she wore, up her 
shapely calves, to the backs of her thighs almost high 
enough to see her panties.  He imagined putting his hands 
on her hourglass hips, running them down the sides of her 
legs, then up to lift her skirt, revealing her enticing 
panties to him.  He was aware of her scent, clean, 
honeysuckle fresh, with a mysterious hint of her womanhood.  
He was filled with a longing that went beyond lust, he 
wanted to lie with her and caress her, he wanted to enter 
her gently, he wanted to see her smile...

Anita didn't know the finer texture of his thoughts, of 
course; she knew only the general erotic effect she was 
having on him, and she knew she was teasing him.  And she 
liked that.  It wasn't that she disliked men like him, or 
that she wanted to cause him pain.  She felt sorry for him, 
in fact; but at the same time she knew how tremendously 
exciting it was to men like him to be tantalized and 
aroused like this, how much they loved it.  She was, she 
felt, just giving him what he craved.  And she was good at 
it.

After she had finished with her purchases she went to the 
food court for a late lunch.  She got a salad and sat down, 
and was not at all surprised when moments afterwards saw 
Jake take a seat a couple of tables away, where he had a 
good view of her from the side.  She took a book from her 
bag and read while she ate her salad.  When she had 
finished eating, she sat back in her chair and crossed her 
legs as she continued to read.  Every once in a while she 
would reach down to her lap and give her skirt an 
imperceptible tug, so that it gradually traveled higher up 
her thighs, displaying more flesh to Jake's eager eyes.  
She turned slightly, so that now he was able to see a 
little between her crossed legs; and the skirt continued 
its upward progress.

Finally, she put the book down and looked down at her 
sandals.  She uncrossed her legs, and lifted one to rest 
its heel on the edge of the chair seat, then pretended to 
adjust the straps of the sandal.  As she did this, Jake was 
presented with an unimpeded view between her parted legs, 
and he gazed unbelievingly at the crotch of her tight, 
white cotton panties, so thin and stretched so tightly that 
shadows of what nestled within were clearly discernible.  
After a few seconds, Anita got up and gathered her 
possessions.  She walked straight towards Jake, who sat 
paralyzed and red-faced, and as she passed she looked at 
him and smiled - "Busted!" she whispered.

Jake sat transfixed, watching her flounce toward the exit.  
Then he headed for the men's room.

***

When Anita returned home, hot and sweaty from the heat of 
the day, she decided to take a nice bath before it was time 
to go to the club.  She put on a CD to listen to while she 
was soaking in the tub, the classical one that her Psych-
215 professor, John, had given her when they started going 
out.  Her favorite cut was "Air on the G-String", by J.S. 
Bach.  She thought the title was hilarious, considering her 
part-time job, but she was always moved by the sweetness 
and longing she felt when she listened to it; it said 
things to her that words couldn't, it sometimes made her 
weep, but in a happy way.  She'd never really listened to 
"classical" music before.  John hadn't been condescending 
when he gave it to her.  It was simply music that she'd 
never heard before, and he thought that she would like it; 
he was right.

She put some nice-smelling bath salts in the water, and 
brought a glass of wine over to the tub.  Letting her dress 
and panties fall to the floor, she lowered herself into the 
fragrant warmth, sighing with pleasure.  The bath relaxed 
her, and she let her arms float at her sides, her breasts 
swelling up through a scented froth of bubbles.  She closed 
her eyes and surrendered to the bliss of the music...

Her cell phone was on a chair by the bathtub, and it rang 
now.  She frowned a bit at the interruption, and reached up 
to dry her hands on a towel, then took the phone.  She 
looked at the number in the display, and smiled.  A call on 
the 900 line had been transferred to her.  Evidently, one 
of her "friends" was in need of her.

It had been very clever of Francois to start a 900-number 
phone service aimed at his club's clientele.  Several of 
the girls, including Anita, had agreed to be available for 
calls a couple of days a week, calls from guys who had seen 
them dancing at the club.  If a girl noticed a man who 
seemed particularly "moved" by her performance, when she 
left the stage she would smile and drop a card into his lap 
as she passed him.  The card contained the girl's name and 
the number where she could be reached.  The client was 
encouraged to call her and share his feelings about her 
performance.  Fine print declared the $3.00 a minute 
calling charge, next to a silhouette of a voluptuous girl.  
It cost Francois about $500 a month to maintain the line, 
which it usually took only a week of calls to cover.  The 
girls got half of the take for the calls they worked.

Anita actually enjoyed these calls.  She enjoyed the way 
she was able to manipulate the men who called her, to build 
on the craving they felt after watching her undress at the 
club.  She enjoyed listening to them pant and groan while 
they masturbated to her tantalizing, little-girl voice; and 
she enjoyed the money the calls brought her at the end of 
the month!

Settling herself back in the bath, she clicked on the 
phone.

"Hi!  This is Anita..."

"Uh, hi, this is Robert."

"Robert!  Mmmmm, how are you, sweetie?"

Anita liked it when Robert called.  Most of Anita's spring 
wardrobe had been paid for by Robert's calls.

"I've been thinking about you a lot, Robert - we had such a 
nice time the last time you called, didn't we?  Did you 
like what we did?"

"Yes - I, I really liked it, a lot."

"You'll never guess where I am now, Robert.  Would you 
believe I'm in the bathtub?  I'm lying here completely 
naked while I'm talking to you.  Listen..."

She splashed the water with her free hand and giggled.

"I'm taking a bubble bath.  It feels sooooo good on my 
skin, so nice and slippery.  I'm taking my hands and 
rubbing them all over me.  Do you do that when you take a 
bath or a shower, Robert?  Get all nice and slippery and 
rub your hands on yourself?  I'll bet it feels good, 
doesn't it?  It would be so nice if you were here with me - 
this could be your hand sliding all over my breasts..."

"God, that sounds so hot!"

Anita giggled.  "I bet it does!  Bet you wish you were 
here, hmm?  I wish you were..."

"I'd like that, Anita, I really would, a lot."

"You know, Robert, I'm actually glad you called.  I need a 
man's opinion about something, a man who's very, well, 
sexual.  I think you fit that bill, don't you Robert?"

"Uh, yeah, I guess so."

"Well, I have this boyfriend, John, did I mention him to 
you?  Anyway, I heard about this little game I'd like to 
try with him, but I can't decide if it's something he'd 
really like.  I mean, being a girl and all it's kind of 
hard to know just what a man is going to enjoy, you know?  
Can I tell you about it, get your opinion of it?"

"OK, sure..."

"Oh, good!  Well, here goes - now, you know how you guys 
have this little place on your cock, on the underside just 
below the head, where it feels really good to touch?  John 
does anyway, and lots of other guys I know do, too.  How 
about you, sweetie, do you like to be touched there?"

"Oh yes, I do, yes."

"Well, what happens is this: the girl gets down between the 
guy's legs, and with the tip of her tongue, just the very 
tip, she gives a little lick right on that spot, a soft 
little upward lick, barely touching him.  It's supposed to 
feel really nice, but what's sort of kinky about it is that 
she doesn't do anything else for about fifteen seconds.  
Then, she gives him another lick, just like the first - and 
waits another fifteen seconds.  She keeps repeating that 
over and over, every fifteen seconds.  Am I doing a good 
job describing it, Robert?  Can you imagine what that would 
be like?"

"Ohhh god, yesss..."

"The thing is, I can't see how he'd be able to feel 
something that's so very soft and light.  Has your 
girlfriend ever done something like that to you?"

"Uh, no, I don't actually..."

"Oh wait, you don't have a girlfriend, Robert, do you?  You 
told me that once - poor baby!  Well, maybe you can just 
use your imagination - think about a girl giving you a 
delicate little tongue flick, so light that she was barely 
touching you.  Do you think you'd actually be able to feel 
it?  Would it feel good, do you think?  Would you like 
that, Robert?"

"Oh yes, oh yes..."

"I suppose it would be a kind of tantalizing pleasure, 
wouldn't it?  Such a soft lick wouldn't be enough - it 
would just make you need more.  I guess that's the idea, to 
make you need more, then make you wait for it.  I bet your 
cock would be throbbing and getting harder and harder while 
you were waiting for the next lick.  You think that's how 
it would be, sweetie?"

"Ohhhhhhhhhhh..."

"And imagine it going on and on, with you getting harder 
and harder, aching for the next lick.  I bet you would try 
counting off the seconds in your mind, but you'd be sure to 
go too fast.  When you got to fifteen nothing would happen 
and you'd feel so anxious - and then all of a sudden she'd 
give you another lick, catching you by surprise, and it 
would feel so good - but now you'd have to wait a whole 
fifteen seconds for the next one.  It'd probably drive you 
crazy, huh?"

"Oh god, it would, ohhhh."

"Well, I want to be sure.  Maybe we can do a little 
experiment, OK?  Please?"

"Y-yes..."

"OK.  Well, first your cock has to be hard - I'll wait for 
you to get ready."

"It - it's hard now, so hard...

"Really?  Oh my, how did that happen?  Hm.  Well, good - 
now put a finger in your mouth and get it good and wet.  
Ready?"

"Yes."

"OK - now get ready to touch yourself in that cute little 
spot, but wait for me to say touch.  Use just the very tip 
of your wet finger."

"OK..."

"Now - touch!  How was that, Robert, did it feel good?  I 
hope you did it lightly, just like a feather.  But now you 
have to wait, remember - no more touching until I say so.  
Oh!  I guess I have to count now, don't I?  OK - 1, 2, 3 
..."

Anita grinned to herself, imagining Robert straining over 
his hard-on, waiting for permission to repeat the touch.  
She found it exciting to think about the state she got 
these men into, so desperate for the sex and pleasure she 
dangled just out of their reach.  She reached down between 
her legs and caressed herself, enjoying the sweetness of 
her touch under the warm water, and the tormented 
whimpering on the phone.

"4, 5, 6 ..."

She knew Robert had been to the club many times to watch 
her, but she wouldn't have known who he was if she had 
tripped over him.  She knew only that he was one of the 
horny, lonely men who sat in the semi-darkness every night, 
addicted to the tease that she and the other girls 
inflicted on them.  Almost certainly he was one of the 
quiet ones.  The really needy ones.

"7, 8, 9 ..."

The men she targeted in her act weren't the loud guys, who 
got drunk and liked to hoot and shout.  She looked for the 
quiet ones, sitting alone, the kind of men who have 
fantasies about girls they see during the day, wishing they 
could follow them home and watch them undress.  Robert was 
one if these, she was sure.

"10, 11, 12 ..."

Anita worked very hard on her facial expressions to 
intensify the tease in her act; she knew there's a lot you 
can communicate with just the right look.  If she saw a man 
who was really getting excited, she knew just how to get 
into his head.  She'd look at him with an expression of 
such sympathy, with a frown of concern on her face, and her 
mouth rounded into a pouting "ooooo".  It was as if she 
were saying to him, "Ohhh you poor thing, this must be so 
difficult for you!  If it were up to me I'd take you in 
back and give you what you need to make you cum.  But I 
can't do that; it's my job to tease your cock as much as I 
can, to make what you're feeling even worse, and that's 
what I'm going to do.  Awww, I'm sorry..."  Then she'd 
caress her breasts and lick her lips, looking deep into his 
eyes.  And he'd be sure to get a card.

She slowed down - "13 ... 14 ... 15 ... touch," she 
whispered.

"Hunh - ahhh..."  Robert gasped at his next touch.

"Mmmm, it sounds like you like that, Robert!  Is it really 
good?  I hope so!"

Anita could tell that Robert was getting quite turned on 
now, and she knew she had him hooked - the longer he stayed 
on the line the more she would tantalize him and excite his 
cock, and he knew it.  He didn't care that the meter was 
running and this was costing him money.  He only knew that 
he needed what Anita did to him more than he'd ever needed 
anything; the orgasms she coaxed him to were unlike any 
he'd ever had before.

"1, 2, 3 ... but this is only pretend, you know, it's not 
exactly like the real thing.  You know what I mean, 
Robert?"

"Y-yes..."

"4, 5, 6 ... I mean, if I were actually there between your 
legs doing it to you, you'd feel my warm breath on you 
while you were waiting."

"Mmmmmmmmmm"

"7, 8, 9 ... maybe I'd even blow on you a little just to 
make it more interesting.  Would that be good, Robert?  
Would warm puffs of air feel good on your cock?  Would 
they, Robert?  Tell me, baby..."

Ohhhh yes, so good, so good, ohhhhh..."

"10, 11, 12 ... and you know what?  I bet my warm, wet 
tongue would probably feel very different from your finger.  
I think it would feel a lot better, don't you, sweetie?"

"Oh my god, oh yes, oh yes..."

"13, 14, 15 - of course, the really big difference, Robert, 
is that I'm going to do this to my boyfriend, not to you."

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh my god, ohhhh no, 
ohhhh please..."

"Touch."

She heard him going absolutely berserk now, and she knew he 
was pumping away on his cock for all he was worth.  She let 
him go for a few seconds, but she didn't want him to have 
an orgasm yet - oh no, she had more plans for him tonight.

 "Wait, Robert - don't cum yet sweetie!  Robert - are you 
there?"

"Ohhh - uh-huh..."

"Is your cock still hard, Robert - you haven't cum, have 
you?"

"No ... almost ... stopped when you said ... why can't I - 
ohhhh it feels so good, I'm so hard..."

"Listen, Robert, I want you to keep it nice and hard.  You 
can touch it now and then, but just enough to keep it 
excited.  Look down at your cock, Robert - is it nice and 
hot and stiff for me?"

"Oh yes, it's so hard, so big, it's twitching, I want ... 
oh god this is driving me crazy!"

"Aw, I know, poor baby!  Now, Robert, just calm down 
sweetie, and listen to me.  What I want you to do is keep 
your cock all ready for me, and later tonight come down to 
the club."

"The dance club, tonight?"

"Yes, sweetie, I want you to come and watch me tonight.  
Just think how that will make you feel, baby - you remember 
the feeling you get when you come to the club, don't you?  
When you walk in your heart starts to beat faster, and 
you're thinking about how much you need to see the girls 
strip for you, to tease you, to get you horny and excited, 
to get your cock throbbing.  You like that feeling, don't 
you Robert?"

"Ohh yes, I ... ohhhhh ...."

"You're not stroking yourself now, are you?  You're not 
allowed to cum, remember - I want your cock to be big and 
full when you come see me tonight.  When you walk in and 
sit down I want you to be already worked up and feeling 
sooo frustrated!  And when I dance for you, do you know 
what I'm going to do?  Well, what I'm going to do, sweetie, 
is take your need, that ache in your poor suffering cock - 
and I'm going to make it worse, baby, oh so much worse!  
When you finally leave, Robert, you're going to feel twice 
as excited and frustrated as you did when you arrived.  
Just think, I'm going to tease and tantalize you something 
awful, while you sit there panting and not allowed to touch 
yourself, not able to get any relief.  Think about it, 
Robert - you enjoy suffering like that, don't you?"

"Omg omg, yessss, ohhh I need it so bad, please..."

"And then when you leave, your cock will be big and 
throbbing and aching, it will be just dying for attention, 
for relief that none of us nasty girls will give you - and 
then when you get home - ohhhhhhhh just think about it - 
you can work on it all night, stroking and jerking it, 
teasing it, loving it...  Just think how you can get it all 
nice and lubricated, and lie on your bed with your legs 
spread wide apart, and then your hands will be all over it, 
squeezing the head, massaging the balls, rubbing it against 
your body - doing all the delicious things to yourself that 
get you sexed up with sweet pleasure!   Mmmmmm, just think 
about that pleasure, Robert - you really need it, don't 
you?  And all the while you'll be remembering the things I 
did at the club to get you hot and bothered, and you can 
pretend that I'm there - those are my hands on  your cock, 
making it feel so good, you can imagine it's my mouth on 
you, pleasuring you and making  you cum... you like 
thinking about that, sweetie?  That's really what you need 
isn't it, to feel so excited, to get your cock almost 
teased to death?"

"Y ... y ... ohhhhhhhhhh oh god ohhh..."

"Uh uh uh - no more touching Robert!  You just keep that 
hard-on nice and big and hot, and let me work on it for you 
tonight - you know the kind of things I can do to you, 
Robert, you know how worked up I can get you.  And then 
tomorrow, after you've jerked that cock all night and made 
it cum and cum all over the place, you can call me again 
and tell me all about it, tell me how I made you feel.  And 
you know what?  When you're telling me about it, I'll get 
you hot and make you cum again.  Would you like that, 
sugar?"

"Ohhhh yes yes I will..."

"Bye bye, sweetie - here's a little kiss until tonight, a 
little kiss for you-know-where!"

Anita smiled, and hung up.  Then, she got ready to go to 
work.

-----------
If you would like to comment on this story, you may 
reach the author at cn_tz@yahoo.ca

 
 
 
 
