Adventures Of A Secretary
by nevereveruk

Dee an exhibitionist, just loves her work!

Dee, couldn't believe it!

Deep down this was always her desire but to actually have it happen in the office.

It's not every day you are caught masturbating at work.

She thought she was alone, her boss Mike who she was secretary to had just left. Being the last in the office was common for Dee she would sometimes lock up after Mike and the rest of the office left for the day.

Today was in most parts the usual fun filled day as Dee liked to take a risk or two she just didn't bargain on getting caught playing with herself, however much of an exhibitionist she is.

She quite liked the attention she received from all members of the team, whatever their persuasion or sex. Today she had a short little skirt on with stockings, working in a solicitors office you had to present well, and today she thought to herself she looked...well just yummy, she felt it too.

The thrill of being looked at, even watched by others was such a thrill for Dee.

Daily sport is what she liked to call it, like going fishing for compliments, looks, admiration, the attention was something she thrived on. A favourite sport of hers was to hitch her skirt up enough so that the top of her stockings would be flashed to anyone brave enough to come to her desk. Well, you need something to break up the boredom of work. You'd be surprised how many men would shy away from a woman that's actively seeking attention, those that could read a situation is what Dee loved.

When Mike would bring documents for posting or filing Dee liked to have her skirt positioned in readiness and expose just enough of herself to grab the gaze of her boss, to see if she could cause a reaction, a stirring in him, she wanted nothing more than to whip her panties off spread her legs on her chair whilst her boss was standing there, like it was a perfectly normal thing to do.

Just let him stare and take in her beautiful pussy, whilst briefing her on the days events nodding as she was taking notes. Haha, if only she could.

The feeling of exposing herself was a deep desire that she desperately enjoyed, she had to be careful at work for obvious reasons but allowed herself to have just enough fun.

One of Dees favourite sports was teasing the couriers, yesterday she had a nice pair of heels, black stockings. A thong that had a sheer front that revealed her glorious hood and upper portion of lips, a white shirt & a light grey two-piece suit. What you would call classy but ready to be filthy. Mike had a few clients in a meeting that afternoon and was feeling extra naughty, so today to get her daily rush, she would show the courier a little more than usual. 4pm was the usual pickup time, Dee placed the days parcels and letters on the floor near her desk. She anticipated the courier's arrival with clockwork precision, pretending to be on the call she was sat back in her chair in that relaxed pose, legs slightly apart, but nothing that would seem provocative to a passer-by, over than her skirt was hitched a little high, just enough to show the tops of her stockings. As the courier walked in he couldn't see the pickups in their usual point, Dee waved at him and pointed to the floor in front of her desk, the parcel jockey walked toward Dee to see the bundle awaiting his removal, as he knelt down to retrieve them Dee spread her legs, revealing her stocking covered thighs, and her sheer thong, the courier couldn't help but pause mid motion and just stare, he didn't know where to look, Dee enjoying his discomfort didn't stop there. Pulling her right leg up onto her chair, she exposed her pussy, still covered by the sheer thong, but her detail was clear for the courier to see, the stocking ending at the top of her thigh, was greeted by suspenders that continued to her belt, and drew the eye toward her open groin. The courier carried on fumbling with the packages, eventually grabbed them and headed off saying not one word to Dee, but communicated clearly his arousa via his eager bulge! Dee had many adventures with several couriers but that story is for another chapter, which I can guarantee will deliver. For now back to today.

Meanwhile Mike, needed to ask his secretary something during his meeting, so made his way toward her desk, she obviously didn't pickup the sound of his footsteps as he could see she was preoccupied with the courier. Naughty bitch he thought, as she displayed herself to the flustered clearly inexperienced courier. The view of Dee controlling this situation aroused Mike, he knew she looked fantastic today, having given her several compliments and longing glances all day, tomorrow he will give her more than a compliment.

As Dee was feeling extra kinky she showed a bit more leg than usual during her daily sport, but the cream on the cake was when she was standing at the photocopier in full view of Mike with her back to him, she imagined riding on his rock-hard cock, taking his length in her tight pussy, sitting in his lap and gently rocking side to side and grinding in a circular motion, feeling his stiff dick move inside her, probing the walls of her vagina.

Whilst Dees mind was in the zone, her hips in the real world mimicked the motion gently rocking, swivelling herself, nice and slow, as she did, her panty line was clear to see her tight skirt showed her full yummy arse a treat.

Mike just happened to be walking up to her with some documents as Dee was in her trance like state, gently swaying her hips. He just forgot what he was doing and took in Dees movements, drifting into his daydream, he wanted to press himself against her his rock solid cock bursting to be free from his trousers, pushing on her perfect ass cheeks, feeling his warmth and hers together as she returned the favour and pushed back into him, he then pulled up her skirt hearing the sound of fabric against skin...that swoosh sound as the fibres resist, he exposed her stockings and her thong..." Mike, can I help with anything, you need the photocopier" Dee asked.

And 321 your back In the room.

Mike, for the first time seemed to stumble his words. Dee could see he was aroused, his dick was bulging in his suit trousers, god bless slim fit trousers she thought.

Dee looked momentarily down at his groin and back to his face, then taking a moment to adjust her skirt as if reading what was just in his mind she took the papers from her bosses hands and turned around like nothing happened, with a smile that would last all-day.

What a buzz, Dee loved being looked at being watched especially distracting others from their predetermined task.

Lunchtime approached. As it was Friday, Dee usually goes for a run on the treadmill at the local gym, it was her way of giving herself permission to enjoy the weekends guilty pleasures...after all she needed to earn them. Off she went with her gym bag for a 30-min hard session.

As Dee changed at the gym, thoughts of Mikes growing member today was never far from her mind so to make her session a little more fun, she popped in her love-sense love egg vibe(other brands are available), always be prepared was her motto, and yes, this was another one her favourite sports you could call her an all-rounder! She readied the app for her pounding run on the treadmill both her music playlist and vibe program to "let's have it" setting!

How she enjoyed doing this whilst everyone else was in the room, usually when people push themselves in a gym hearing grunts of exertion are part and parcel of the experience. Being the clever girl she was, Dee soon found a way to take advantage of her surroundings. Running was great for fitness, yet even better to allow your mind to just drift, you can often solve any problem by going for a run, your body just instinctively knows how to move itself when running which is why I guess it's a great stress reliever. Dee used it as another tool, another opportunity to exhibit herself.

As Dee hit the treadmill the pleasure from her toy was too hard to hide, which is why she did it, of course.

She fantasised about Mikes cock being freed from his tight-fitting boxers, swinging back and forth as its sprung free from his restraining underwear, not full on hard but semi that yummy stage just before it gets proper hard perfect for sucking on, or feeling against your skirt knowing only that thin layer of fabric was the only thing from experiencing that warmth a cock brings, as it pulses and grows harder and harder, eager to rise into action.

Dee was reaching her uphill stage on the treadmill which was nothing short of bloody difficult, as she pushed hard, dripping with sweat she groaned and grunted, shouts of encouragement came from one of the on duty instructors.

The grunts of course masked the shots of orgasmic pulse rushing over Dee, how she wanted to just let her eyes roll back and take the sensation there and then as the egg increased its own intensity level, Dee smiled and gave the thumbs up back to the instructor she looked close to collapse, brushed with heat from her exercise clearly showing in her face. Her pussy was absolutely dripping too as the vibe gave her everything she needed, well almost! Her breath grew harder and harder, coming from her diaphragm the deep breathing filled the room, it was an effort an olympian would have been proud of. Dee came hard, imaging her boss inside her, his cum also pumping into her filling her with its warming effect after a proper hard fuck against his desk, her panties down by her ankles, her skirt hitched above her arse, Mike pounding her hard, over and over pulling her hair back as he thrusts into her, feeling his cock deep inside, those earlier slow rhythmic movements of his cock pressed against her arse soon giving way to manic, hard animalistic love making mirrored with shouts of pleasure, whilst the entire office was watching them take each other to another level.

The treadmill began to slow as the program finished. Dees other exercise continued still, she eventually managed to switch off the vibe via her app, and took stock of her public orgasm, buckled over with hands on her knees, panting for air but so damn proud of herself. Goal achieved said Siri on her Apple Watch, Siri you have no idea she thought!!

The innocent instructor just across the way, called out well done you smashed that one giving the thumbs up like he was eddy the eagle, yes I did, raising her arms in the air like Rocky Balboa reaching the top of those steps. Smashed-it she said in a quivering voice. Getting stronger she hummed to herself.

What a day and its only early afternoon,

Dee hit the showers, but she took her time parading her wet body, allowing everyine to see her in the changing room, every opportunity she thought.

She had a regular audience although it was only ever one lady, a rather nice looking yummy mummy type who happened to visit the gym on the same days. Dee took it as a compliment. She loved to exaggerate her movements in the communal shower whilst facing the room as she applied gels, shampoos letting her nakedness to be seen, allowing her tits to sway and jiggle freely as she applied them to her body, cleaning her arse and pussy without care bending down to take care of her aching feet, of course showing her perfectly formed pussy sandwich to her audience.

Her favourite was drying herself down, whilst catching the yummy mummy glancing at her, Dee wouldn't shift her glaze, she wanted to be looked at. But agsin that's for another time & another chapter.

Whilst Dee packed her kit back into her bag, she checked how filthy and wet her gym knickers were the mix of sweat and love cream aroused her, Jesus they had a good time she thought.

Dee finally set off for the office, when she got in, she dumped the bag next to her desk. Another one chalked off, Dee thought to herself.

Friday afternoon came & went without incident the only relative excitement was when Mike asked her to pick up a click and collect order which he needed for the weekend. With the day drawing to a close the office emptied. Mike left for the day saying goodbye to his secretary whilst she was on the phone. She took note and stared at his groin for longer than was comfortable, and she knew it, he knew it too by the redness that started to flush on his cheeks.

He mimed to her the universal imaginary turning a key, pointed to her & showed the thumbs up motion implying are you OK to lock up. Dee winked in return, gave a nod, a thumbs up then put the phone down, she said have a good weekend and watched him walk out fo the office, wishing she could just ride his face, right after her filthy run. Muddy fucker she thought to herself.

Then as the last team member left Dee was alone she started to tidy her desk, then went to put a few things back in her gym bag, swivelling around on her chair to where she expected her bag to be, it was however a little further away than she recalled placing it. Thinking nothing of it she placed the items in her bag, then stood up to take a few documents to Mikes office before she would lock up and leave to see her husband.

When she got to Mikes desk she could see his work mobile phone just laying out in the open, she picked it up to put in his top drawer for safe keeping, when Dee opened the draw she wasn't expecting to see a pair of knickers...correction her dirty gym knickers from today, in her bosses stash.

Oh my, she thought to herself, you dirty bastard, you dirty... Dee pauses. Kinky bastard she corrected!

Dee instantly felt a rush through her body, her asshole puckered, the sensation running from her ankles to the crown of her head was sheer pulsing delight which accumulated in a slight gasp from her mouth, her legs slightly separating as her pussy also reacted to events unfolding before her.

A slight hint of being infiltrated soon passed, as Mike clearly had been rummaging in her bag whilst she picked up his package. Clever naughty bastard she thought, touché! It would seem Dee wasn't the only risk-taker in the office.

Bringing the knickers out she could smell herself on them, a mix of sweat, sweet cum the underwear was still very damp, her gusset thick with gyms session naughtiness, but she could also see that Mike had been enjoying them too!

He must have been in here whilst she was away, the thought of her boss tugging on his cock in his office over her filthy sweaty cream drenched underwear was too much.

Clam down ladies Dee thought, as her thong began riding between her increasingly wet lips, you're going to get a run around... as if she was commanding a couple of puppies in training. She knows they just want to be free. Sometimes Dee felt like she had a Rottweiler in her pants, why a vagina was referred to as a pussy she often questioned, as hers was like a fucking beast that need to devour everything in its wake. Perhaps you couldn't really tame a pussy, was the logic.

All Dee knew was that it was like someone turning on the tap, what you guys don't know is that, a "pussy" has several stages of arousal, it grows just like a cock, it stretches, pulsates, increases in volume and Dees desires was evident, she was hard. Her clit needed to be free.


