Burbank, California
April, 1996

Tommy stared at the piece of paper in front of him, sighing in frustration. He was supposed to be writing “something creative, something beautiful, something you!” as the teacher had put it, but when he searched his mind for inspiration he came up blank. So far all he had was his name, scrawled untidily at the top of the page.

As he sat there, shifting his eyes to the bright, sun drenched world outside the classroom window, the sounds of the students began to press down on him: Gum chewing, loud breathing, throat clearing, pencils and pens scratching across paper, general shifting about, and over and through it all was the ever persistent sound of the ticking clock. A low growl started in his throat and he could feel his claws slip out as he clenched his fists. The noise grew and grew, battering him from all sides. With a sound that was more cat than human he pushed his chair back and jumped to his feet, ignoring the students he had startled as he muttered an excuse to leave the classroom.

Out in the hall he relaxed a bit, but it wasn’t until he was in the safety of the bathroom that he let out a sigh of relief and allowed his claws to retract.

“I really gotta get these animal reactions under control,” he muttered. “Someone’s gonna notice sooner or later and this shithole is bad enough without everyone knowing I’m a demon freak.” huffing out a breath he peered at himself in the mirror.

“Talking to yourself again, Demoni?”

He jumped and whirled around, hissing in surprise. He hadn’t noticed that anyone else was in the washroom.

“Jesus Christ!”

Cristian’s familiar laugh filled the room, bouncing off the tiled walls. “You know, for a boy who’s part cat you really aren’t very observant.”

Tommy rolled his eyes and turned back to the mirror. “Yeah, well I was a little stir crazy and shook up from being locked in a fucking classroom with kids who don’t know how to be quiet.”

“The noise again?”

“Yeah. I hate it! And I’m pretty sure they all think I’m crazy by now.”

Cristian smiled sympathetically and slid up behind him, wrapping his arms around the demon’s waist, stroking his abdomen soothingly until he felt him relax.

“Mmm…” Tommy purred out his pleasure as Christian rubbed his belly. Before long he felt the stirrings of arousal, every stroke spiking it higher.

“It’s so easy to turn you on, Demoni,” Cristian whispered against his ear, warm breath making Tommy shudder.

“Shut up,” he said, but there was no venom in the words.

“You love it though, don’t you?” questioned the other boy, hand slipping under Tommy’s shirt. “All those people out there…someone could walk in at any minute…see you begging for it.”

Tommy shuddered and moaned. Cristian knew how to get under his skin in the best of ways. As the hand crept higher, sly fingers finding sensitive nipples, and soft lips latched onto his bared throat, he couldn’t take any more. He was achingly hard and his arousal was warring with his nerves, the fear of being caught.

“Let me see you. Show me your claws, kitty.” He turned Tommy around, lifting him up onto the sink, pressing between his legs as his other hand moved up to take the demon’s hat off.

Tommy’s breath hitched and his claws slipped out, almost unintentionally. It was nothing new, what they were doing, but it had never been initiated in such a public place.

“Why didn’t you tell me you were an exhibitionist?” he murmured, tangling his fingers in Cristian’s hair, scratching lightly at his scalp as he pulled him in for a kiss.

The other boy smiled against his lips, pressing closer, one hand moving up to fondle the cat ears, the other slipping down a smooth back, dipping into the top on Tommy’s pants. It got the desired reaction: Tommy gasped and shifted, unconsciously moving closer to those exploring fingers.

“Fuck! Cris, we really shouldn’t be doing this here…” he trailed off on a moan as Cristian moved his hand down from his ears and placed it on the bulge in the front of his pants, rubbing softly, torturously. It was almost too much simulation, and Tommy was shaking, trying to control his reactions. He was on the edge, teetering precariously, when Cristian suddenly pulled away, smirking.

“You’re right, we shouldn’t.”

Tommy whined. “Please Cris, please…” he dropped his own hand to his crotch, bucking up as he applied just the right pressure. He watched the other boy’s eyes widen, pupils blown, and bit his lip, trying to hold the sounds in. He was almost there, panting, and Cristian was back between his legs, whispering dirty promises, when the door flew open. There was a startled silence, then fear gripped Tommy’s heart. They’d been caught. He’d been caught. And there was nothing hot about it. Desperately he reached for his hat, only to realize it had fallen to the floor.

“Shit!”

Cristian had stepped back, pressing himself against the wall as though hoping to avoid detection. He needn’t have bothered. The intruder’s eyes were riveted to Tommy, taking in all that was unnatural: the ears, the claws, the fangs that had slipped out as some sort of last defence. Then, without a word he turned and ran from the bathroom, Tommy hot on his heels.

“Wait! Please wait!” Luckily the halls were quiet and he caught up quickly, gripping the boy’s shoulder to stop him. “Please, you can’t tell anyone!”

“Let go of me, freak!” Tommy dropped his hand. “What’s a little faggot freak like you gonna do to stop me, huh?”

“Make that two faggot freaks.” Cristian had joined them.

“Fuck you!”

“Listen!” Tommy said desperately. “If you keep your mouth shut I promise I’ll do whatever you want!”

“I don’t need anything from the likes of you, demon!” the boy spat. “And you!” he rounded on Cristian. “You’re just as sick! How fucked up do you have to be to get off fucking a freak like him?”

“Leave him out of this!” yelled Tommy at the same time as Cristian retorted with “He’s my boyfriend, asshole!”

By that time their fight had attracted attention. Students were staring blatantly, and teachers were hurrying towards them.

“Break it up! That’s enough! Stand down, all of you!”

Tommy growled, baring his fangs and hissing at the boy who had discovered them.

“Now what’s going on here?” demanded the teacher.

The boy spoke up first. “He - he’s a demon! A freak! I saw them! They’re both sick!”

“That’s not true!” said Cristian indignantly. “We’re not sick! There’s nothing wrong with being gay! And so fucking what if he’s a demon! What’s he ever done to hurt you? Huh? What’s he ever done? Nothing!”

“He shouldn’t be allowed to live with normal people!”

“Fuck you!”

“That’s enough! Detention! All of you! Now get to class before I expel you all!”

Tommy was outraged and scared beyond belief. No one was supposed to find out, especially not like that. It was supposed to be a secret and now the whole school would know and no one, not even Cristian, would want anything to do with him. Without thinking he took off, tearing through the hallways, ignoring the angry shouts of the teachers, and Cristian calling his name desperately. He didn’t care if he got into even more trouble; if he stayed something bad was going to happen.

Running blindly, not thinking of where he was going, just wanting to get away, he ended up in the park. The place where it all began. His emotions were bubbling over, out of his control as he sank to his knees, the world spinning worse than when he broke into his parent’s liquor cabinet and got wasted with Cris. Distantly he could hear his boyfriend’s voice, but the words weren’t getting through. His breath came in short gasps and his hands hit the ground as he doubled over. The pain running through him was unimaginable and uncontrollable. In the back of his mind he knew he needed to calm down but even that thought left him as the agony took over.

“Tommy! Demoni, what’s wrong? What’s happening?” Cristian knelt beside his crumpled boyfriend, worry lining his eyes as whimpers of pain escaped his lips.

Tommy looked up blindly, and Cris gasped. The demon’s lips were curled back, revealing sharp feline teeth. His eyes were rolled fully back in his head, showing nothing but white, and as the other boy watched in fear his features began to change. Slowly his human body twisted and shifted, stretching and morphing as he cried out in agony. Muscles contracted, skin was slowly covered in shiny, soft black fur, and when the transformation was complete what looked to be a kitten of some sort lay on the ground in front of Cristian. The Felino Diavolo had just had his first shape shifting experience, brought on under duress and out of his control.

Tentatively Cristian reached out to touch the kitten, and was rewarded with a hiss and a flurry of teeth and claws.

“What the hell? Tommy, are you in there? If you are, what the fuck was that for?”

The kitten stumbled backwards as though shocked by the boy’s anger. Cris immediately felt bad.

“Shit, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to yell.” He held out his hand. “C’mon kitty, don’t be afraid.” The kitten bared it’s teeth in an imitation of a snarl and Cris laughed. “I’m sorry! You’re just way too adorable to be scary!” The kitten pounced. “Jesus! Calm down! Tommy, I know you’re in there somewhere, and we need to get you back to your human form, ok? Can you do that?” The kitten mewled helplessly, and tilted his head in a sort of “I don’t know” gesture. “Well, you have to at least try. How about we get you home first though. I don’t think you should shift in the middle of the park again, especially since you don’t seem to have much control over it. We don’t need your screaming to bring any more unwanted attention to us. C’mon, I’ll carry you.” He scooped the kitten up before he could get away, and held on tightly. “Don’t even think about using those teeth or claws or I swear to god I’ll give you a bath or something!”

When they got to Tommy’s house Cris let himself in, glad there was no one else home. He didn’t think he could handle explaining what had happened. Not before Tommy was back to being…well, Tommy. Still cradling the kitten in his arms he made his way upstairs to the familiar bedroom.

“Ok,” he muttered, placing the kitten on the bed. “How should we do this?” The kitten just stared at him. “Right. Well, we gotta start somewhere. Look at me, focus on me and my voice. I have no idea what the fuck I’m doing, but I think we can figure this out together. So focus, I know you can do this. You don’t want to stay like this forever. You were swamped by emotions the first time, so hopefully the switch back will be less painful since you’re in a non-threatening place and there’s no pressure. I know you’re still…Tommy…somewhere in there is the boy I’m in love with.” The kitten twitched at these words, and slowly, oh so slowly the change started. The fur began to melt away, everything grew, twisting and elongating, stretching and shifting back into human form. Within minutes a naked Tommy was sitting on the bed beside Cristian, looking at him strangely.

“You -” he croaked, swallowing a few times before he could speak properly. “You’re in love with me?”

Cristian blushed, and stared down at his hands. “So you can understand what I’m saying when you’re a cat.”

Tommy nodded. “And I love you too. I’m glad you were there when I shifted. Thank you for staying” He leaned over, cupping the other boy’s chin in his hand and pressing their lips together. When they parted he backed away. “We need to talk though.”

Cristian sighed and nodded, moving back until he could lean against the wall.

“Things aren’t going to be the same anymore. By tomorrow everyone at school will know what I am, and you’re going to get hated on by association. I’ll understand if you want to distance yourself or whatever, and I won’t hold it against you. In fact, I wouldn’t blame you at all if you never wanted to speak to me again. High school is hellish enough without being branded as a freak because of who you love. I just hope you know how much you and your friendship has meant to me.”

“Shut up Demoni! I’m not going anywhere. Even if I ended things and walked away and never talked to you again they’d still label me as a freak. And even if we hadn’t been discovered I’d still stand by you. You’re my best friend. My boyfriend. And I wouldn’t give that away for anything, especially not petty high school assholes.”

Tommy smiled, tears welling in his eyes. “Thank you.”

“Don’t go all mushy on me, man!” Cristian rolled his eyes but they weren’t completely dry either.

“Shut it, fucker!” Tommy grinned.

“Oh, so that’s how you wanna play it?”

“How else? You know that’s how I like it!”

Within moments the demon found himself willingly pinned under the boy.

“So, are you going to finish what you started in the bathroom earlier?”