Chapter One: In Which Fashion Sense is a Total Asset, and Angel is too Pretty
What Buffy likes best about her promotion is no more polyester. Of course, now that she can wear what she chooses, she has to choose what to wear.

"Oh!" she groans. "How can I be late already? It's my first day!"

"Well," Dawn says, entering Buffy's bedroom in her pajamas, a mug of coffee steaming her fresh, freckled face. "There's fashion sense, and there's punctuality, and you always choose the wrong one."

Buffy glares at her sister. "Hush. My keen fashion sense is a total asset."

"Sure it is. To everything but getting you to work on time."

***
Gunn's office is empty, but Angel lacks the energy to chase after a quarry that will eventually come home to roost. Maybe as a young buck, eager in a pressed uniform and shined shoes, but now he has seen too much, lost too much.
Happily, the trials of life that temper zeal breed patience, and Angel does not quantify the time spent waiting, merely rests his unpolished shoes on Gunn's desk and marinates in the silent comfort of a familiar place, familiar company.

"You could turn the lights on," Gunn says, doing just that as he enters his office. "Vampire."

"Nitpicker."

Angel draws back his legs to allow Gunn room to pass, and then immediately places his feet back on the desk.

"Yeah," Gunn says, dropping a handful of reports on his desk, "I'm the anal one. Do you still sort your ammunition alphabetically?"

Angel squirms. "A little order never hurt anything. It's right there, you know, the saying—law and order?"

Gunn sighs. "What did you want?"

"To keep my arsenal organized—"

Gunn nails him with the same withering look that often convinces the ADA that "plea bargain" is a profanity. "No, here, right now. In my office."

"Oh." Angel straightens in his chair, letting his feet drop from Gunn's desk to the floor. "That. I was hoping you, with all your political savvy—" Gunn frowns. "—no, I really mean it—" Gunn smiles. "—might have a little above-my-pay-grade information for me."

Gunn sinks into the chair behind his desk. "About what?"

"About my new partner."

"I thought you weren't caring about that."

Angel shrugs. "I'm not caring. I'm researching."

Gunn rolls his eyes, but he also rolls his desk chair over to the filing cabinet. He selects a file and wheels back t ohis desk, thumbing through it.

"This is off the record," Gunn says.

"My middle name," Angel says silkily, scooting his own chair closer to Gunn's desk to aid his not-so-subtle peering at the file. "Anyway, it's nothing I won't know tomorrow."

"I've seen your file, too; I know your middle name's Liam. But you're right." He flips through the file. "Summers, Buffy A."

Angel frowns. "Buffy?"

Gunn raises an eyebrow, peering at his friend from over the file. "Angel?"

Angel frowns. "Fine. But I don't know her."

"She's a transfer from LA—"

"I don't know anyone named Buffy in LA's homicide, either."

"She's not transferring from homicide—"

Angel scoots his chair closer. "Vice? Grab?"

Gunn angles the file toward himself and away from Angel's prying eyes. "She's coming off patrol."

Angel groans and deflates into his chair. "A rookie?"

"No," Gunn says, "she's done her time as a portable, and she just passed her detective's test—"

Angel rises from his chair and looms over Gunn's desk, snatching the file from his hands before he can even fuss. Angel's eyes fly over the dry, official text and the dry, official personnel photo to his new partner's birthday.

"She's twenty-three?" he asks, looking up at Gunn in horror. "She's an infant."

"She is not," Gunn says, diving to wrest the file from Angel, who deftly evades him. "She's a detective. And her commander at Hollywood has nothing but good things to say about her—"

Angel snorts. "Then why are they exiling her to the Hellmouth?"

Gunn's face suddenly assumed the same expression he wore when he locked the keys in his cruiser during an academy precision driving exercise. It is enough to tear Angel's attention away from his infant new partner's file.

"What?"

Gunn shifts uncomfortably. "She kind of . . . blew up a meth lab."

Angel is so stunned that Gunn is able to take Buffy's file from him with no fight whatsoever.

"What?" Angel says finally.

"Look," Gunn says, "She's exuberant. Eager. She's just undisciplined. She lacks finesse. They're pairing her with an experienced, competent older officer to temper her—like when you came up from patrol and they put you with Whistler."

Angel sighs. "So I get to be the cranky, no fun old fogey?"

Gunn smiles. "Why change?"

***
One of the definite high points of being a cop is the lack of serious paperwork. Not like there's none, but it's light compared to working in medicine or the post office or something.
It definitely cuts down on the amount of desk clutter.

And so Buffy takes one cardboard box full of pencils and pens and pictures of her mom and sister to her first day of work. She and her new partner share an office, but it's empty. Buffy frowns, and sets her box on the empty desk, the one not covered with books and pictures of two beautiful women, one blonde, one brunette.

Stood up on her first day. How about that.

Buffy slumps down into her office chair. Swivels a little. She stares at her watch face for a moment, then begins halfheartedly emptying her box off onto her desk.

The door swings open, and a black man in a smart suit sticks his head in. Buffy perks.

"Sergeant Chase?"

The black man comes in, one hand fanned across his chest. Moi?

"Me?" he says. "'Fraid not. I'm Charles Gunn, your liaison to Internal Affairs. Sergeant Chase wanted to be here to meet you himself, but half of Vice is out with some nasty stomach thing, and they called him in to pinch hit. I volunteered to come show you around while he's out arresting johns."

"Oh. Okay." Buffy stands awkwardly. "So . . . is there paperwork?"

***
Gunn helps her with her paperwork, and then shows her around the station a little. She's more than a little surprised.
"Your homicide department is huge," she says. "I think it's bigger than ours—er, the one in LA."

"When they transferred you down here, you hear Sunnydale's nickname?" Gunn asks.

". . . the Hellmouth?"

"Now you know why it's called that. It's a pretty white bread population: mostly middle class, mostly white. But for some reason our violence per capita's off the charts. They've done all kindsa studies tryin' to figure out why, but they all pretty much come out the same: that's just the way it is."

***
The morning is sunny but cool, and Buffy is glad she wore her jacket, though she's beginning to think the miniskirt wasn't such a good idea. But it was so cute in the mirror this morning. . . . Gunn buys them coffee at a local bistro, but they get it to go. Paper cups in hand, they walk through the sunbathed streets. Along the way, Gunn points out interesting landmarks: the library, the post office, the alleyway where he investigated the Sunnydale Strangler's first victim.
Buffy sips her coffee, and in the reflective surfaces of car and shop windows, she watches the man following them. Six foot or so, two hundred pounds, dark complexion. White wife beater, black leather pants and boots, and shoulder holsters. Two shining Glock nine mils. Gorgeous, in a probably convicted of a few felonies kind of way.

The guy, not the guns.

When he's within a yard, Buffy throws her mocha—half full—into a garbage can. Their shadow is two feet away. It is too early for this crap, and it is her first day. A foot away. Buffy spins, one hand flying to the man's throat, the other to his shoulder, her whole weight and force pushing him against the nearest available wall—a trendy boutique window display.

The man's dark eyes are wide with surprise. When Buffy removes her hand from his throat, he coughs and then rasps, "Is there a problem, ma'am?"

"Let's start with why you're following me, and segue directly into you showing me the permit for those firearms."

But then Gunn starts laughing.

"So I guess you weren't posing as a john?" he asks.

The man frowns. "Apparently, I'm too pretty to be a john."

Gunn doubles over laughing, his large hands grabbing at his stomach.

"Detective Summers," he gasps, "Detective Sergeant Angel Chase. In his hookerwear."

Buffy blinks, finally getting the joke.

"Oh," she says. She lets Detective Sergeant Angel Chase, not only her new partner but also, technically, a superior officer, go. "Um, sorry about that."

"It's his fault," Gunn says. "He skulks."

Angel clears his throat awkwardly. "So, um, hi. Detective Summers. Sorry I couldn't be there to meet you this morning, but uh—"

"You were being a hooker?" she asks.

"Fake hooker," Angel insists. "Like you've never gotten a bad undercover gig."

Buffy deflates. "I have to be a Catholic schoolgirl a lot."

Angel perks up. "Really?"

Gunn clears his throat. Loudly. "Detectives. I believe Fred is expecting you."

Buffy frowns. "Who's Fred?"

"The coroner," Angel says. "Shall we?"

Buffy tries, very unsuccessfully, to pull her eyes from her new partner's outfit. And the big, rippling muscles beneath the outfit. "Uh, yes, sir."

Angel frowns. "Don't call me that."

"Um . . . Detective Sergeant?"

"Angel."

"Angel. Oh. Oh, okay. Angel."

***
The morgue is quiet, a brushed metal cathedral with few parishioners. The sole occupant—the sole living occupant, anyway—is a whisper thin brunette in a lab coat, sitting at a computer and eating a taco.
Angel's footsteps are silent on the concrete floor; he blends naturally into the quiet kingdom. Blending in has never been Buffy's strong suit. Trying to be stealth, she trips over a stainless steel instruments table, and raises a great clatter throughout the morgue.

The brunette in the lab coat looks up.

"Oh!" she says with a soft drawl, her hands fluttering over her face, arranging her glasses. "Angel! Hi! I-I didn't see you there!"

She jumps up from the computer desk and hurries toward them.

Angel smiles.

"Fred," he says, "this is my new partner, Buffy Summers. Buffy, our ME, Winifred Burkle."

"How do you do," Fred says.

Buffy smiles. "Hi."

"So!" Fred says, scurrying back to her desk. She slides a pair of latex gloves from a box, and slips them on. "I guess y'all are coming after that Vampire kill?"

Buffy startles. "Vampires?"

"It's a gang," Angel says.

Fred hurries over to the bank of brushed metal doors. She pulls one open, and slides out the drawer with its tissue paper body bag.

"I know it's a gang," Buffy says. "We had big trouble with them in LA—I just didn't know you had them here."

"Betcha didn't know you were partnered with one," Fred says, unzipping the body bag.

Buffy starts. "What?"

"Former Vampire," Angel smiles. "I'm reformed."

"So he's kinda like a good Vampire," Fred says. "Like a Carebear with fangs."

Buffy looks distrustfully at her partner. "You used to be a Vampire?"

Angel shrugs. "I was young and stupid. You never made any mistakes as a kid?"

Buffy's mouth twists; her eyes fall to the floor. "You're right. I'm sorry."

Just as Buffy is kicking herself, not enough to assault him, now she has to tell him literally that she doesn't trust him, she feels a gentle pressure on her upper arm. She looks up; Angel's hand, a gentle squeeze. She meets his eyes, and he smiles.

She smiles back.

"Okay!" Fred says, pulling the body bag away from the corpse on the drawer. "Let's see what we've got here."

And suddenly Buffy is very aware that they are looking at a body, a dead body, all pale and bloodless and not alive, just inches away from them.

Angel squeezes her arm again. "It's okay. It takes some getting used to."

Buffy tries to tear her eyes away from the body, but cannot. A woman, maybe her age, so still—forever still. Her skin is so pale it looks like paper. She doesn't look real.

Those fresher dead look a lot more real.

"It's not my first dead body," she says.

She could feel the gunshot more than she could hear it; time slowed so. Merrick crumpled, like a kite when the wind died, a poppy red blossom unfolding over his chest. And gravity must have increased, because Buffy tried to reach out, to stop Merrick from falling, but her hands, her own hands, were suddenly too heavy to lift.

"Harmony Kendall, twenty-four," Fred says. "Cause of death looks like asphyxiation."

Angel motions to dark splotches marring the girl's cheek and chest. "It looks like someone knocked her around a little first."

"No. Those bruises, all the bruising I've found, actually, are way pre-mortem. They're already starting to heal, see how they're darker on the edges than in the middle?"

"So she was suffocated?" Buffy asks.

Fred twists her mouth into an indecisive bow. "Maybe."

Angel crosses his arms over his chest. "Maybe? What's cause of death?"

"It's asphyxiation," Fred says. "But until I get tox results back, I'm not sure it wasn't drug-related."

"So it might not be a murder?" Angel asks.

Fred shakes her head. "Maybe just an OD."

Buffy frowns. "So why are we here?"

"You said it was a Vampire kill," Angel says. "Why?"

"Gimme a hand?"

Angel slips on some gloves, cartoonishly small on his large hands. He lets Fred direct him through lifting up the body, turning it onto its stomach.

"That's why," Fred says, pointing to a small tattoo on the small of the girl's back.

Buffy squints. "Is that a carrot?"

"No," Angel says. His face is grim. "It's a spike."

***
Gunn thumbs through Harmony's jacket. "Harmony Kendall, twenty-four. Local goodtime girl. Your friends at Vice've picked her up on possession charges a few times, but she's never done any real time. Spotty employment history, mostly few-month gigs at local boutiques. Latest claim to fame: latchkey girlfriend of your favorite Vampire big bad, William Pratt."
Buffy frowns. "Who's William Pratt?"

Angel answers, but his eyes are on his desk. "Bad guy. Lower management in our local chapter of the Vamps, but working his way up the food chain."

"Do you think he's capable of murder?"

Angel raises his eyes to her. His gaze is so hard, so focused, that Buffy is nearly frightened. That's not a look she usually gets from good guys.

"Absolutely," he says.