Ed seeks professional help.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Perry, Chapter 2 (MF, mc, nc, oral, impreg?, parody, ScFi)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

"Perry?"

*Yep! Short for parasite, which is what I am...from outer space! WhoooOOOoo!*

Ed stared at the large blue penis jutting out from between his legs. "You're...an alien parasite?"

*Try to keep up, Ed. I'm sure you have lots of questions, so ask 'em quick; I'm pretty tired.*

Ed spread his legs to examine his crotch. His pubic hair was gone, and the entire area replaced with what looked like blue flesh. He was hesitant to touch it, but had to check...he lifted the azure phallus and noted that the color of his ballsack was split vertically, half blue and half his normal pale pink. "Is...is my real penis under...you?" He was still holding the strange alien(!) cock, and was amazed at how he could feel it, as if it was his own.

*Sorry, buddy, I ate it when I joined with you. Had to absorb some biomass after the crash.*

Ed fell back, his head flopping onto his pillow. His penis was gone?! He wanted to scream!

*Nope nope! Take it down a few notches, Ed.*

Ed suddenly felt good, euphoric. "Crash?" he asked logily.

*What you'd call a meteorite...came down about a half-mile from here.*

"So I don't have a penis anymore." Ed still felt like he was going to throw up.

*You have me, Ed! I'm your penis now,* Perry advised him. *You weren't satisfied with your old one, anyway. Not only have I tied myself into your nervous and circulatory systems, so you can feel what I do, but I'm more than twice the size of your old stubby. Plus, as you've seen, I can be very...persuasive!*

Ed whacked his palm to his face. "I...we...fucked my Mom!"

*Mm, yeah! You're a lucky guy, Ed, having such a MILF under your roof!*

"Did you make me interested in her?" Ed asked. "That's never happened before."

*Oh, is there a taboo about breeding with your progenitors here? Shit, I'm sorry, Ed. Well, what's done is done.*

"Well, don't make me do it again...Perry...okay?!"

*Sure, no problem, buddy. No need anymore.*

Ed sat up and looked at Perry. "What does that mean?"

*Mmm! So tired...gonna have a nap now, dude.*

"Perry!" There was no answer, and Ed's new penis was no longer moving on its own.

The young man lay back, wondering if it counted as losing your virginity if it wasn't actually your cock that got fucked.

---

"What seems to be the issue, Mr...Smith?" the lady doctor at the clinic asked as she closed the door to the examination room behind her. She had mentioned her name when she walked in, but Ed had already forgotten it, he was so worried. "It says here you're worried about your penis?"

Ed was embarrassed. "Um, could I maybe get a male doctor, or someone older?" The pretty woman was in her thirties, with pulled-back brown hair and cats-eye glasses.

She crossed her arms, which only accentuated her medium-sized bosom. "Oh, nonsense, Mr. Smith. I may not be old, but I've seen my fair share of penises. Why don't you take your pants off and let me have a look?"

"Okay..." Ed stood and unfastened his belt and jeans. He paused for a moment, considering, and then dropped them to the floor. He looked back up at the doctor...her eyes were wide and staring at his large azure member, but she didn't seem to be hypnotized like his mom. He had been right to go straight to a clinic while Perry was still asleep, he assured himself.

The doctor scribbled on her clipboard and put it aside before kneeling in front of him. "Blue...does your penis feel cold, Mr. Smith? Are you having trouble feeling it?" The non-doctor part of her mind noted the massive size of the young man's member, and it was still flaccid!

"Um, no, doctor...I can feel it as if it was my own, and it's definitely not cold."

She looked up at him, her brow furrowed. "As if it was your own? Do you feel like it's not yours?" Alien Hand Syndrome, but for a penis? she considered. She examined the unnatural color. "Is that paint?" It twitched a little as she looked at it. "May I touch it, Mr. Smith?"

"I don't think that would be a good--" Then he felt her warm hand encompass his width. "--oh."

*Hmm! Took me to a doctor while I was napping, Ed? Oh, she's sexy!* Perry started to fill with blood.

Ed stared down at the pretty doctor as her eyes glazed over and her mouth lolled open. "Umm..." Her hand started to stroke Perry, and then when he was hard enough, she sucked him into her mouth.

"Oh God..." Ed moaned, and put his hands on the doctor's head. Soon, he was thrusting into her mouth.

*This is nice, but I think I wanna be somewhere nicer...whattaya say, Ed?*

Ed felt like he was in a dream as the doctor pulled her mouth off of Perry, stood up, and then pulled down her slacks and underwear. She hopped up onto the examination table, lay back, and opened her slim legs wide. "Fuck me..." she urged him.

Ed's cock -- Perry -- was very hard and dribbling pre-cum as Ed climbed up onto the table between the doctor's legs. She needed no foreplay, and Ed's long blue phallus slithered between her very wet vaginal lips.

"Oooh...so biiiggg..." she moaned as the alien slid halfway into her. She angled her hips, and as Ed thrust into her, she was soon able to take all of him. They gasped in pleasure as Perry became fully embedded in the woman's hot snatch. "Fuck me...fuuuck meee..." she gasped as Ed did just that, jackhammering himself into her again and again.

Perry noted the mucus around the woman's cervix as he repeatedly headbutted it. This was different than with Ed's mother, and he tried to read from the young man's mind what it might signify, but it seemed that Ed didn't know. Ah well, Perry considered, he had a long time to figure out how human bodies worked, and trial and error was a good way to do that.

Ed unbuttoned the woman's blouse, but since she was on her back, he couldn't unfasten her frilly white bra. Instead, he lifted it up, freeing her C-cup breasts with small, pointy nipples, so different from his mother's. He took one into his mouth.

"Ohhh..." she moaned and had a small orgasm. Her nipples were so sensitive at this time of the month, she thought. She frowned for a moment, but her mind had trouble focusing on that concern.

Spurred on by the doctor's pussy gripping his cock, Ed grunted as his own orgasm arrived and he spewed his load inside the fertile woman. "Unhh!" He pushed his new cock as deeply as possible, and the head pressed against the opening of her cervix.

The doctor felt a strange pressure deep inside her, and then the wet warmth of "Mr. Smith's" seed flooding her unprotected reproductive system pushed her to another orgasm. "O-hhh!" she cried out as Ed continued blasting the opening to her womb with his dangerous sperm.

Finally, both orgasms complete, Ed pulled out. The doctor just lay there on the exam table, breathing heavily. "Mr. Smith, if that's really your name," she told him, "there's nothing wrong with your penis...in fact, everything's righhht. I think I might take a nap now."

*That one was all you, Ed! I'm still recharging from earlier,* Perry told him.

All me? Ed wondered, and tucked Perry away before pulling up his pants. Pausing a moment to see if the doctor had anything else to say (she didn't), he headed home.

Inside the doctor's womb, Ed's regular white sperm swam deeper inside her fertile body.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)