Barmaid Gets Her Wish Spectacularly
by Satsumabook123

A barmaid is spanked and her fantasy fulfilled.

I was 19 years old and had been working at the pub for nearly a year. Bob was about 30 and married. I had fancied him right from the beginning and he had always teased me in a sexual way. He had never done anything inappropriate (except a very passionate kiss under the mistletoe) during that time. As time had gone on I think I probably began to dress quite provocatively but that was, kind of, expected as a barmaid.

His teasing often included him saying he would take me over his knee and spank me if I gave him any good reason. It is really embarrassing to admit it but on a few occasions I masturbated imaging what it would be like.

I had started to tease him back that he would not dare spank me even if I did deserve it. The teasing got to be so regular that some of the regulars had heard it and commented. On the evening in question my bra-less state had enflamed one of the regulars who had got significantly out of order. I had never liked this customer and eventually snapped and argued with him.

Bob told me to go to the kitchen and not return for five minutes. When I did return I was asked to apologies to the customer, which I reluctantly did. Bob said that the customer was requiring I should be punished for my rudeness. It had been agreed that if I agreed to Bob spanking me, in private, the customer would say nothing more about it. Bingo I had hit the jackpot but knew I must play it right. My protesting was totally convincing and when I angrily agreed the customer smirked in triumph.

Bob pulled me into the kitchen and said that while the customer was happy he was not. In addition to a spanking at closing time, I was to give him my panties and work the rest of the evening without any. I would ensure easy access to my pussy for the rest of the evening. I barely protested knowing that he would not believe it anyway. The length of my skirt would leave me very vulnerable not only from his hands but from the gaze of the customers.

Bob simply pulled my skirt up to my waist and my panties down my legs. With the skirt still round my waist he spread my legs and found my pussy and my clit with his hand. It was only then that I realized that I was quite wet and excited. The contact was brief but somehow established that my pussy was his for the next three hours.

As with most bars, customers could only see staff below the waist if the staff were standing towards the back of the working area. This did give me some comfort but I quickly realized that it also gave Bob far too much freedom. Almost every time he passed behind me his hand found either my pussy or my backside. The fact that this was happening in public made me more aroused than I would have expected.

I assumed that as time went on I would stop responding and become dry and irritated but quite the opposite. I was getting wetter and wetter and began to actually look forward to the next assort. As closing time approached and things got quiet I was standing talking to one of the female customers. Bob came to stand beside and behind me and started playing with my bum. His middle finger became insistent and when I just lent forward a fraction it pushed hard and deep into me.

It was surreal standing talking to the customer as if every thing was normal while being fucked up the arse by a demanding finger. Bob was being additionally naughty by using puns like how he always got directly to the bottom of things. I should have been furious with him but instead relaxed my bottom and welcomed the unusual stimulation.

I did start to panic when the bizarre situation threatened to bring me to orgasm. I just could not let that happen. The customer saved the day by ending the conversation and moving away. The relief as his finger disappeared from my bottom was huge. My pussy was now wetter than it had been all evening but at least I had avoided public humiliation. Half an hour later the bar was empty and I had finished tidying it up.

Bob pulled up a chair, without arms, and for some reason put it into the working area behind the bar. He then stated that he was going to give me the spanking and then fuck the living day lights out of me. I was desperate for both but something in me made me tell him that there was no way he was going to fuck me. On reflection I think that always having flirted with the fantasy of being raped I realized that I could play this out as if he were forcing me. I said I would never give him permission to fuck me.

He laughed at me calling me names that I will not repeat and saying that you cannot rape someone whose body is pleading to be fucked. He stripped the two garments I had on before pulling me over his lap. With my head near the floor there was a strong smell of stale beer and sweat that just added to my embarrassed excitement. He wasted no time delivering about a dozen hard spanks covering the whole of my bottom and very close to my pussy.

Stopping, he easily found my clit with his hand, as my legs were wide apart. He played with my swollen button with a skilled hand. He laughed at me again calling me names that in any other circumstances would have resulted in a slapped face. He was reading me like a book and tapping into a part of my psyche that I was barely aware of.

I wanted to be fucked, no needed to be fucked, more than I ever had. He teased me saying that it was a shame that my body was denying everything my mouth was saying. The next dozen or so spanks were harder and stung badly as they were on already tender flesh. Each spank was now reverberating through the whole area including my clit. He played with my clit again until I was sure I would orgasm. His timing was perfect as he went back to spanking. I think he stopped five or six times to tease my clit. Each time became shorter as my body threatened to explode quicker each time.

He repeatedly called me horrible names and asked me if I would like him to fuck me. He probably knew that my defiance although expressed with great force was a complete sham, just as much as I did. Pulling me off his lap he did the strangest thing. Taking the slops tray he emptied the contents onto the top of the bar before pushing me down onto the bar. He made me stretch my arms out so each hand could just reach one of the beer handles. My legs were wide apart even though this meant I was on tiptoe.

I shouted that he must not fuck me but knew that the words sounded like a plea for him to do just that. It was the most exciting game ever. If he had obeyed my words and left me there I would have been totally gutted. I would love to say he made gentle love to me and we cuddled afterwards. The truth was quite different as he entered my over stimulated pussy with a roughness I was not used to. He fucked me hard while pushing my otherwise ignored nipples into the sticky wet bar. He also ignored my clit that I always needed stimulating to reach orgasm.

He just fucked me and fucked me hard. His language was rude and the names were degrading. Somehow the whole package together hit a raw nerve in me that ripped the most devastating orgasm from me. I shouted back at him calling him names and threatening to kill him. He fucked me hard throughout my orgasm and well beyond. Usually I have to stop as soon as I cum as I am too sensitive. There was no way he was stopping until he exploded deep inside me and laughing and taunting me collapsed onto my back.

When he did finally pull out of me he threw me my clothes and said that any time I wished to be spanked and raped I would have to ask him very nicely. I am ashamed to say that it was a month later that I did just that. He laughed at me making me feel really degraded. We repeated almost exactly the same scenario the second time. It was intense; again I had a shattering orgasm amongst all the name-calling and degrading abuse.

That night I walked out of the pub having chucked in my job. I have never been back to this day. I have also never had an orgasm that is even half as good as those I had with Bob. I am now nearly thirty and married. Last night I tracked Bob down to his new bar and am wondering whether to ask him to meet me. I recalled those two occasions and masturbated for the first time in years. I was shouting Bob's name and calling him all the rude names I could think of as I had a devastatingly scary orgasm breaking down in tears as I did so.

