Craig rolled over and grunted. He blinked his eyes open and looked around. Huh? He thought until he remembered that he was in David's guest room. He stretched, feeling muscles creak and pull. He hadn't realized how damn tired that he had been. He sniffed and then smiled. Something smelled breakfasty. Getting up, he pulled on his jeans and started down the stairs.

David checked on the bacon, moving a cover back over the pan, keeping it warm, and started up a few fresh pancakes, hearing soft footfalls coming down the stairs. "Morning," he said, not turning around yet. "Go ahead and get yourself a drink... I can't leave the stove. Coffee's fresh too."

Craig smiled and moved to pour some juice and get coffee. He sat down at the counter and watched David for a minute. "Smells great. You need any help?"

"No way. Not after what you did to my kitchen last time," David teased, threatening with his spatula. "You stay out of trouble and out of my way."

Craig raised his hands in the air and sighed. "One small grease fire and you're marked for life." He laughed and took a sip of coffee. "Damn I needed that and the sleep. Thanks for letting me crash here. I'm not sure I could have made it home."

"Not a problem- glad to have you. And Craig, you destroyed my favorite saucepan, and we had to call for take out. That's no small fire," David reminded him. "And it wasn't small," he added in a mutter.

"I paid for the take out at least." Craig said, chuckling and ran his hands through his hair.

"And since when does takeout compare to sautéed sword fish?" David said, a bit indignantly.

"That youhave a sauce pan AND know how to make sautéed sword fish amazes the bloody hell out of me." Craig said and got up to pour more coffee. "This is great coffee. I haven't had a decent cup in weeks. That shite Viggo drinks." He trailed off and then looked up with a smile. "No matter."

"It's really not that hard... not that I have any intention of giving you another chance," David snorted, catching the look on Craig's face and deciding to change the subject. "Pancakes are ready- go ahead and sit down."

"Ah Dave, you know you'll forgive me anything." Craig fluttered his lashes at the red head and then laughed. "Okay okay, I'm sitting."

"Pretty much anything, yeah," David said quietly, facing the stove, then turned around, a bright grin on his face as he brought a plate of eggs, bacon and pancakes to the table. "There. When's the last time you had a decent meal, anyway?"

Craig grinned and picked up a fork. "Probably last time I was here. He took a bite of eggs, licked his lips and grinned. "Man, I could kiss you. This is great."

"Promises, promises. There's more where that came from. You're always too pale when you come back from traveling... what did you even eat at Viggo's?" David tutted, setting another batch of pancakes on the griddle.

"Nothing much, you know him." Craig said and stuffed a piece of bacon in his mouth. "And I didn't feel like eating the day I was in Spain. It was bloody hot as hell there." He shoveled another bite of pancake into his mouth and made a happy sound.

"See, that's the secret to keeping you happy... feed you full of starch," David grinned, carrying the pan over and lifting two fresh pancakes onto his plate.

"And see, that's all I've wanted. A man that knows how to keep me happy. Is that too much to ask?" Craig said with a laugh. "Enough, damn I'm going to bust."

"Are you sure? I've got fresh fruit... melons, oranges..."

Craig laughed and stood up, leaning over the counter. He wrapped his arm around David's neck and pulled him close, kissing his forehead. "You're the best. Damn I love you." He stood up and finished his coffee. "But, I need to get home. I've got a pile of laundry and I need to - well - I guess decide what to do now." He chewed his lip a second and then smiled at David.

Don't go. "Yeah, you should go," David said, hugging him back briefly, then stepping back. "I'll cook for you, but I'm not doing your laundry... there are limits."

"See there's where I lose out, the damn limits." Craig picked his plate up and walked to the sink. "So at least let me wash up, kay? I'll try not to catch anything ablaze in the sink." He said and laughed.

"Oh no. Broken glass in the dishwater, trip to hospital, five stitches? Get out of my kitchen before I throw you out," David threatened, hands on his hips.

With a snort of laughter, Craig grabbed David and placed a loud kiss on his cheek. "You have an entirely too good of a memory. Don't you forget anything?" He asked as he was walking out of the kitchen.

"Not one single thing."