Exhibitionism At The Beach
My bf and i were in this one together from the beginning. I had chosen my outfit with great care - sandals, short denim cut off shorts that showed a bit of ass cheek at the back, a pair of white cheeky panties, no bra and a white tanktop.

We were meeting a few of his mates and their gf at the beach for a bit of a fish and a swim and we wanted to have some fun at their expense. A couple of the guys who would be there fancied me much to their gf disgust and the rest just openly perved on me whenever possible as i usually dress to advertise my assets.

My bf was to play all innocent and pay "no attention to me", as he was going to fish while i went for a swim. We got down the beach at it was obvious the gf had decided two could play at that game and two were wearing a bikini while the other had on a low cut one piece, cut high on the leg. they all looked very nice and the guys were al very admiring of such a fine looking bunch of girls all to themselves.

I messed around on the sand for a bit, while the rest went into the water one by one. The guys splashed the girls and the girls just lapped up the attention, a few spiteful haha looks directed at me fully clothed up on the beach. Eventually i got so hot i just had to swim, so stretching a little, i sighed and said to my bf "i am hot after all, guess i will swim too. im taking off my shorts tho coz i dont want to ruin them, but its ok coz ive got briefs on". he smiled and said go on then, and winked at me while the others werent looking.

I slipped off my shorts quickly and left them next to the pile of towels. i ran quickly to the water and dashed in before most of them could notice my idea of briefs. the water was surprisingly cool, i shivered and felt my nipples go erect immediately (all part of the plan so far). i fully submerged and began to swim around and mess about with the rest of the group, splashing and jumping around, really letting go and enjoying myself. Eventually the guys decided to get out, and not surprisingly the gf quickly followed them back to the beach. 

Well here goes i thought to myself and smiled - i was sure going to knock their socks off with this one!

As i walked back through the water up to the beach, i heard one of the guys gasp, when i looked down i saw why. My white tanktop had gone totally seethrough and my hard, dark nipples were sticking straight out, my naked breasts bobbing up and down seductively with each step i took. (the plan was for me to act innocent like i didnt know how much they could see), As i got closer to the beach i heard a low whistle of approval and realised that the water was below my thighs now and my cheeky panties had ridden up my butt, lowering the front waistband to just above my slit, and had also ridden into my pussy, making my lips fully outlined and noticeably shaven as the white panties had also gone totally see through. The girls gave me one glance and as one huffed and sat down away from the guys, shooting bitchy looks at me and whispering together.

my bf smiled and blew me a kiss, which i returned as sexy as i could, then i spread my towel out in the midst of the guys and sat down, smiling at them and saying "brr that water was colder than i thought!". This brought their attention firmly to my hard nipples, only feet away from them, my breasts fully outlined as the wet material clung to their mounds. 

I decided stage two was a go, so i slid my ass down the towel, making the panties ride further up my butt and pussy, and then i laid back on the towel, letting my legs fall apart, thighs spread wide so my lips, fully visible through the see through wet material were completely open and visible to all the guys clustered around me. i have quite a large clitoris when its aroused and the sight of four guys openly ogling my body in full view of the public was a huge turn on. kind of like a guy gets an erection, my clitoris engorges as i get horny, and it almost triples in size. With my legs spread right apart and my panties plastered to my pussy, as i got more and more horny from the either surreptitious or blatant stares from the guys it began to swell, slowly growing larger and larger until it poked out further than my lips, the tip pressed hard against the material of my panties, making a bulge which was very noticeable. 

the guy who has openly flirted with me the most happened to look down and see my clit first and couldnt stop himself saying "oh my fuck its massive, it'd taste excellent all salty and hard!", then closed his mouth, blushed and looked quickly at my bf to see his reaction. my bf just grinned and said, "yeah its a tasty treat alright", youre never going to get dry wearing those wet clothes tho darling, better take them off so they can get dry or you'll be driving home naked again". His friends eyes nearly fell out, and i smiled as i began to strip off first my wet tanktop, exposing my wet, hard tits to the astonishment of the guys, and then i raised up my butt and slowly peeled off my panties, resuming my original position when i was naked - the burning sun feeling excellent on my body.

i could see that all of the guys had massive hardons so between my nakedness and their arousal we had all soon decided being naked was better. i was then surrounded by a bunch of naked guys all with massive hard cocks, their gf sitting just metres away, glaring at us all. We didnt do anything else and eventually we went home but boy was that a fun day, especially as one of the guys stole my clothes and i had to walk down a now crowded beach butt naked, man that made me so horny, and my clit being rubbed by my lips almost made me blow on the beach.

you can bet my bf and i had great sex that night - and it was on a hill overlooking the same beach a couple hours later after the sun set - still in full view of the public if anyone had looked up.
