Disclaimer: I do not own Yu-Gi-Oh or Dragonheart; they belong to their respective owners. I only own bits of the plot.

Chapter Nine: Returns and Departures

And when the king rode to show off his might;
The thief king stole in and helped them ride out of sight. 

Three Months Later

Yugi leaned back on his hands, watching his grandfather move through the herd of cattle, chuckling at the comments that he could hear from the old man. He reached out to pet an inquisitive cow, jumping at the loud snort that the creature gave before wandering back to its herd. The prince sighed, glancing up at the sky. Clouds drifted through the blue expanse above him, uninterrupted in their path. He sat up a bit and rubbed his arms, the chill in the air growing slightly more pronounced, although never growing as cold as it did back in his home.

"They'll return when they do. No sooner, no later." Yugi looked up as Solomon made his way out of the herd of cattle, waving at their caretaker before sitting down beside his grandson. He ruffled Yugi's hair, ignoring the token protest from the youth. Yugi laughed and pushed the hands away, flopping backwards onto his back to stare up at the sky again, one hand playing with the blades of grass.

It had been three months since he had last seen Atem or any of the other dragons. In fact, all the dragons that usually congregated around the nomadic people had flown south, toward the desert. Of course, he hadn't really noticed the disappearance, having been put to work as soon as he was deemed capable. In an attempt to forget Atem's absence, the prince had thrown himself into the manual labor that was assigned to him, which was often following his grandfather around and assisting him when he needed it.

He sighed and closed his eyes, taking the moment to relax. He would move only when his grandfather did. After weeks of running after the old man, he had learned to grab onto any chance to take a break, or he would be on his feet until the sun set. He heard his grandfather chuckle, reluctantly opening one eye to see what was causing the sound. Solomon was leaning back himself, seeming to enjoy the breeze that was washing over them, his eyes closed as he let out a long sigh. He looked down at his grandson with a smile. "The wind has shifted. Up north they are freezing in the snow. Down here, the dragons will be dancing."

"What?" Yugi sat up as Solomon stood up, brushing off his pants before walking to tents. Yugi scrambled after him, only managing a few steps before he tripped and fell. The prince groaned and pushed up from the ground, resting on his hands and knees. He was about to stand up again when there was a shout. He turned his head quickly, staring at the lookout who was perched on a nearby rock. Usually, the lookouts were searching for the predators that would prey on the cattle and the humans that watched over them, if they were hungry enough. Instead of looking out over the yellowed grass, the lookout was staring up at the sky with one hand shading his eyes.

The response to the shout made Yugi look back at the village, sitting back onto his legs as he watched the whole clan rush out of the tents, all of them squinting at the sky. Yugi saw his grandfather among the group, his attention immediately snatched away as the cows began moving toward him. The prince stood up, moving to the side as their caretakers herded the cattle back toward the pens that would hold them temporarily. He could hear the noise from the other herdsmen as they guided their animals back towards home, eager to join the crowd that had grown, now all of them staring at the sky and pointing.

Yugi looked up again, scanning the clouds above him before looking toward the south, eyes widening at the sight that greeted him. He took an involuntary step backward at the mass of dragons that was bearing down on the shouting people before he shook himself, looking for Atem in the bunch of dragons. His search was abruptly cut off as the familiar green shape of Timaeus swooped low, toppling people over as he swept over the crowd. The dragon regained altitude, laughing as Dartz picked himself up and shouted at him. The green dragon gave a chuckle himself before landing. Yugi took the chance to run over to the group, catching what Timaeus was saying as the purple and red dragons circled calmly down to land beside him. "I'm getting too old for such things."

Dartz gave an undignified snort, straightening his robes. "You say that every year, and yet you still do that."

Timaeus chuckled, lowering his head to gently nudge Dartz, tipping the man over again. "I just like annoying you."

The dragons walked off, leaving Dartz to stand up again and glare after them. Yugi placed a hand over his mouth to smother a laugh. There was a friendly rivalry going between the two leaders of the humans and the dragons, nothing more than driving each other to annoyance. But it was still interesting to watch. The interaction between dragon and human was forgotten as another blast of wind sent him tumbled to the ground. Yugi had a quick glimpse of an orange dragon with blue eyes before the dragon turned and raced back to the group, darting in and out of the rest of the dragons.

To Yugi's relief, most of the other dragons went for a more sedate landing, touching down a good distance from the humans before walking over to converse with them. He noticed that most of these dragons were large and traveled in pairs, never straying far from what Yugi assumed was their mate. A few of them kept glancing worriedly up at the few dragons that were still wheeling in the air above them. Yugi followed their gaze, jumping as a hand landed on his shoulder. He sighed as his grandfather laughed, coming to stand by his side. "The younger ones will be a while before landing."

Yugi didn't want to move away, even as his grandfather gave his shoulder a gently squeeze. No matter how hard he looked, he couldn't see Atem in the bunch of dragons. The black and red dragon had to be alive, or else Yugi would have died before now. Solomon had told him that much when he had pestered his grandfather about what the dragon had done to him before his grandfather had sternly told him to stop thinking about it. He shook his head as he realized that he was losing himself to his thoughts again, waving his grandfather on. "I'll be in a little while. I want to watch for a little longer."

Solomon nodded and walked back toward the tents. Yugi smiled to himself, tipping his head back up to look at the dragons still in the air, eyes widening as there seemed to be a disturbance in the middle of the bunch. A smaller white dragon broke away from the rest, quickly gliding to the ground and trotting over to the other dragons. The red dragon broke away from Timaeus, tipping its head to look at dragons above them. "What's going on?"

The white dragon shook its shield-like head. "I'm dropping out of the game, Hermos."

Hermos tipped back his head and let out a laugh, stretching onto his hind legs to peer at the younger dragons that were darting above them. "He finally got it away from you guys? I thought that he would. We tried warning you that it was just a front."

The small white dragon looked sheepish, following after Hermos as they left the flat area, other dragons quickly landing after them. All of them looked back up at the sky, sighing in defeat as they trudged away. Yugi glanced at them, tensing as a green dragon with jewel-like structures growing on its knees and head looked back up and let out a sharp laugh. "Get him, Rex!"

Yugi looked up, watching as the purple and brown flapped his wings desperately to gain height, glaring at something that waited above him. The prince raised his eyes, having to shield his eyes from the sun as he looked up. His eyes widened as he saw the familiar shape of Atem hovering above Rex, the sunlight tinting the ends of his wing membrane red.

Atem tossed his head, showing off the hide that he held in his mouth. The purple and brown dragon snarled, finally reaching the level that Atem hovered on. The black and red dragon gave a smile before shooting upward, riding a thermal to the top to taunt Rex from the new height. The two repeated the procedure until they both had to flap constantly to gain any height.

Yugi tore his eyes away from the two dragons still in the sky as Timaeus walked up beside him, tipping his large head to the side as he peered up. By now, Atem and Rex were both faint dots among the clouds, too far away for Yugi to see, but Timaeus could see them fine. The green dragon snorted in annoyance, glaring at the two. "If that one twists his gut again, I would almost be tempted to let him suffer."

"Why?" Yugi looked at the dragon, turning abruptly as the other dragons gasped, some standing up on their hind legs to see the two in the sky better. The prince craned his head up, listening to the excited mutters from the dragons around him and the cursing from Timaeus. His own stomach fluttered nervously as he realized that one of the dots was plummeting back towards earth quickly. Yugi pressed his hand over his mouth to keep from yelping as he realized it was Atem.

The black and red dragon hurtled back toward the earth, hide still held in his teeth and wings pressed to his side. Rex was following him, mere seconds behind Atem. Yugi was aware that the other dragons were pulling away from the flat area, some waiting with their wings open and ready to take flight. A grumble from Timaeus drew his attention back to the green dragon who was looking at the other dragons with disgust on his face.

"They should trust Atem more. He knows what he's doing." Timaeus gave one last roll of his eyes before storming off, snapping at a dragon who tried to pull his attention back to the diving dragons. Yugi quickly looked back up, swallowing harshly as he realized how close they were to the ground now.

Rex seemed to be reconsidering the move, his eyes jumping from Atem to the ground that was rushing up to the both of them. He finally roared and opened his wings, gliding away. Yugi saw Atem briefly glance over his shoulder before looking back at the ground, snapping his wings open at what seemed like the last minute and gliding over the ground, dropping the hide from his mouth into his hand. He rose again, hovering a good distance above the ground as Rex finally landed, the purple and brown dragon glaring at Atem, who merely gave him a smile before rising higher into the air.

Yugi sighed and placed a hand over his racing heart. He had thought that Atem wouldn't pull up soon enough, even if he knew what he was doing. The prince shook his head to rid his mind of the images of Atem's broken body lying on the ground, taking another deep breath to calm himself. While his eyes were closed, he felt a rush of wind over him, a smile lighting up his face as he turned around. He opened his eyes as Atem was folding his wings, the dragon tossing the hide away before walking over to Yugi and dropping his head. The prince threw his arms around the dragon's muzzle, enjoying the presence of the dragon.

He had missed this, the feeling of soft warmth that Atem gave off and the feel of the dragon's scales beneath his hands. Yugi stood on his tip-toes to rub that one spot above Atem's eye, listening to the purr from the dragon. He found himself being nudged in a certain direction, letting go of Atem's muzzle and stepping back to stare at the dragon. Atem sighed and opened his wings, holding the appendages away from his body so that Yugi could look.

Atem was no longer the almost skeletal dragon that Yugi had known. In fact, he looked like he had gained too much weight over his convalescence. Yugi looked back at some of the other young dragons, surprised to see that they still seemed to weigh more than Atem. Further investigation was stopped as Atem dragged Yugi closer to him, pressing his head against Yugi's front and sighing. "I missed you."

The prince smiled and took a step back, clambering up onto Atem's foreleg and leaning back against the dragon's chest. Atem craned his head down, looking disappointed with Yugi's choice of perch. The prince sighed and moved until Atem could rest his head on Yugi's lap, giving another contented purr as Yugi began to rub the spot over his eye again. "You're very needy."

Atem laughed, the sound turning into a soft moan as Yugi rubbed a little harder. "I said I would steal you away to do this for the rest of your life. And I have."

"Things didn't go exactly as you planned."

The dragon looked like he was having a hard time keeping his eyes open. "Not exactly. But I still got you here."

Yugi rolled his eyes, resisting the urge to hit the dragon. He caught a glance of Atem's smirk as it disappeared, the dragon shifting so he was more comfortably wrapped around Yugi. The prince stopped his petting for a moment to wrap his arms around Atem in a hug. "I missed you too."

Gozaburo turned to glare at the knights who were still struggling to mount their horses, turning his gaze to the castle gates. There had been a rumor going around that was making the villagers hard to handle. They had been perfectly passive after the news of Yugi's death had been spread around, but they had suddenly erupted into this. He would ride through villages and see the glares that they now openly leveled at him. And, as he rode off, he could hear them whispering about how much better Yugi would have been as a king and perhaps this would be the time to act. At first, he had paid no attention to it, at least until now. Now they were saying that, while Yugi was dead, there was a girl out there carrying his child. Which was bad news for him.

This unborn child was gaining the support that even its father couldn't get. The peasants were sure to rebel when it was old enough to take the throne, which Gozaburo was sure to be on. If all still went well. If Seto's whore died and took her brat with her.

Gozaburo forced himself not to snap at his men as they finally assembled, none of them daring to meet his gaze. He gestured for them to get into formation, not wanting to leave anything to chance. He would be protected when he entered enemy territory. He held his horse still as the animal shifted impatiently under him, waiting until the soldiers had surrounded him before ordering them to move off, cursing at the small size of their party. Once, he would have galloped from the castle with almost forty men, but now he was down to seven because of that attack. He ground his teeth at the memory of the black and red dragon merrily slashing its way through his troops, all because of one little boy. Even dead Yugi was still causing him trouble. And that was just the start.

That led him back to Seto's child, the one that he was still trying to hide from his father. But Gozaburo wasn't blind, he had noticed that the woman had stopped wearing dresses meant to seduce and tantalize and settled for some that were more modest and draped over her body. The abrupt change meant that she was hiding something, something that would not stay hidden for long. And he had caught them, standing at the ends of corridors as they cuddled together, thinking that he couldn't see them, Seto's hands resting protectively over her stomach. This brat would be as detrimental to his crown as Yugi's brat would be. Seto was sympathetic to the peasants, always fighting against everything that Gozaburo wanted to do. A child raised to think like that would leave him surrounded on all sides. He couldn't live forever, he wasn't stupid enough to think that the dragon would grant him eternal life. But he would eventually be deposed and replaced by someone who did not think like he did, leaving all his accomplishments in ruins.

At least there was still time to deal with Seto's child, he could keep an eye on the mother easily since they both insisted on staying in the castle. But the peasant's hope had to be taken care of immediately. Gozaburo cursed as his horse slipped in the mud as they made their way down the hill. He glanced up at the sky, scowling as he saw the dark clouds gathering. It would snow tonight, he could feel it. Which would mean that he would be stuck in the castle while the peasants fed their rebellious minds. His original plan was quickly fading into uselessness. Damn this weather and damn the peasants. He forced his horse faster, the guards that surrounded him having to move faster to keep up with their king.

Alternately holding his breath and cursing the clumsy horse, Gozaburo made it down the hill. He urged his horse across the muddy ground, ignoring the chunks that splattered against his legs. He only had eyes for the little village. He would find the girl and rip that child from her belly, making her watch as the brat died before he killed her. He had to smile at the image. That would teach the villagers to put their hope in such a meager thing. How easily it could be stolen away from them. A mere slice of a blade and everything was over, left to soak into the earth and disappear forever. Gozaburo chuckled darkly earning worried stares from his comrades. He shook their worry away, his smile refusing to disappear as they rode into the village.

He pulled out his blade as he pulled his horse to a stop in the village square, his escort thundering ahead and surrounding the shacks. Gozaburo saw a flash of red hair as a young woman peeked out from the ragged cloth that covered the entrance to one of the shacks before gasping and pulling back. The king didn't worry about her, yanking his horse around to stare at the villagers who were cringing in his presence. But it wasn't enough anymore. He knew what they did when he was out of earshot, they wouldn't be as subservient then. He growled and leaned over to plunge his blade into the heart of the nearest villager, laughing as the villager collapsed back onto the ground.

Gozaburo could almost imagine that it was Yugi lying there on the ground, but it lacked the elation that came with the death blow to the actual prince. Yugi had been unable to move, at his mercy. And it had been wonderful. Gozaburo smirked and glanced down at his blade, scowling at the stained surface. It almost made him wish that he had not allowed Seto to clean the blade. He wanted to be able to look down and know that he still carried the blood of that witch's son. But he would have to settle for this lowly commoner's blood and the blood of Yugi's brat, neither of which appealed to him as much. He gave a low curse before looking up to glare at the peasants, watching as they backed further away from the body and the horse, hoping to put themselves out of the reach of the sword. As the moved, Gozaburo delivered his ultimatum. "I will kill one of you every minute until that whore who is carrying the price's bastard comes out. Is one child's life really worth yours?"

Before they had time to answer, a woman stepped out of the shack that Gozaburo had been studying earlier. The king carefully kept his mask in place, nearly laughing as he recognized the girl who had tried to kill him once. The one that he had spent an enjoyable night with afterward. And she was the one saying that she was carrying Yugi's child? It was more likely to be his own, which was more incentive to kill the woman before she could continue to spread these lies. After all, he had Seto, and he didn't have the time to raise an heir from scratch, especially one birthed by one of these horrid peasants. He smirked at her and gestured her forward, watching as she hesitated before fully stepping away from safety.

"Tèa don't!" A blonde man rushed from the shack, grabbing her arm and pulling her back. He gave Gozaburo a look filled with contempt before looking back at the woman. "Don't you dare. Don't give in and take away our chance to stand on our own."

She pulled away from him with a harsh glare before continuing to walk forward, her arms wrapped around her belly like it would protect the child within. She stopped a good distance away from Gozaburo, the villagers inching close to protect her should anything go wrong. "I'm here."

Yes, it was the same girl, the same defiant look. Which meant that he hadn't broken her. The idea of taking her back with him emerged in his head for a moment before he shook it away. No, this had to be dealt with here to make an example to the people. Then they would finally settle down again and leave him to rule the kingdom in peace. Maybe then Seto would see the cause that he supported was hopeless, had been hopeless to begin with. The king raised his sword, smiling at her as she realized that the king could easily throw the blade at her. But she didn't back down; stubborn until the end.

Gozaburo drew his arm back, the sword dropping from his hand as a knife embedded itself into his shoulder. He screamed in pain, clawing at the knife as he attempted to draw it out, the echoes of the dragon's bellow of pain echoing over the valley. He yanked the blade from his shoulder, glancing around to see who had thrown it. There was no one in sight, all the villagers huddled around the woman as she glared up at Gozaburo, her smile never fading. He hissed with pain, dropping the knife to the ground. She thought she had won this round. She couldn't be more wrong.

"Move it, you!" Gozaburo jumped at the disrespectful address, his horse shying to the side and sending him tumbling from its back. He grunted as he landed face first in the mud, pressing himself closer to the ground as he heard the sound of the horse jumping over him. He pulled his face from the mud, glaring as the white haired man wheeled the palomino horse around, holding out his hand for the girl. She took it immediately, swinging on the animal in front of the man. He steadied her for a moment before leaping off, holding the reins as a brunette charged from the same shack, leaping onto the horse and holding the woman with one arm. The white haired man nodded, before whispering something up to the two of them and slapping the horse's rump. The palomino neighed its surprise and galloped out of the village, taking the woman out of his reach.

He could chase after the horse, but there was sure to be other members of this little resistance waiting for him in ambush. Gozaburo stood up, retrieving his sword and glancing around. The white haired man had disappeared back into the crowd as quickly as he had appeared. The king snarled and wiped the mud from his face before mounting his flighty horse again as motioning for his guards to move in closer, cursing their uselessness. He leveled a glared at the villagers before speaking loudly enough so they all could hear. "I want at least two men patrolling the streets of every village and two going after those two. Bring them back to me. I think a public execution will clear these dolts of their silly dream of rebellion."

He kicked his horse, turning it roughly in the direction of his castle. There were other matters that could wait until later. Right now, he needed all the men he had available searching for those two before they left the kingdom. He didn't want to risk sending men into the domain of another ruler with specific reasons for his actions. Chasing after the bastard of a dead, disinherited prince would not be one that would uphold his reputation. He looked over as the captain of what was left of his garrison rode up beside him. "My lord, I'm not sure that we will have enough men to do as you have ordered and protect you."

"Then pull from those that have retired. The lay-abouts have nothing better to do. Now, you were given orders, follow them!" He rode on before the captain could finish dismissing himself. He was in no mood for the intricacies of politics at the moment, he just wanted to get to his castle and clean up. Then he would have to think of a way to deal with his son. It was better to get this all out of the way now before anyone worked up the stomach to rebel. He would have order in his kingdom.

Ryou looked up as Bakura stumbled back to their campsite, wordlessly handing the thief his helping of stew that had been simmering over the fire. Bakura grimaced at the food, Ryou understanding his distaste for the same thing that they had been eating three months straight, but it was better than starving; which they were close to doing anyways. The worse part of winter was coming and it was getting harder to find food. Ryou knew that Bakura had been scouting out some of the minor nobles' houses, ready to start his campaign against them to keep them fed. But at least they had made it through the first part of the winter without being found, which was Ryou's biggest fear. A little longer and they would be safe as the knights were forced to keep to their lord's castle as the snows got too deep. He leaned back onto a rock and gave his lover a soft smile. "How is she doing?"

The thief looked up abruptly from his food, hesitating for a moment before deciding that the question could wait until he was done eating as he turned back to his stew. Ryou was too used to this to be bothered by the lack of manners, instead closing his eyes and enjoying the warmth of the patch of sunlight he had found. They had been keeping track of the woman Tèa since they had heard the rumors that she was carrying Yugi's child, which Bakura laughed off all too easily. The idea intrigued Ryou from a poet's stance and because the simple news had brought the populace alive. Now there was some hope for their situation, a chance to strike back against the cruel man who kept them in poverty while he hoarded all their wealth and food to himself. What puzzled Ryou was why this child was acceptable while Yugi wasn't.

Bakura had tried to explain to him one evening, saying that Yugi had the reputation of being the son of a witch. No sane person would want a potential warlock on the throne, especially after all the pain that Gozaburo was causing them. The appeal was in the fact that the child was coming from a commoner, one that would be raised to understand their point of view. Apparently, it was better that Yugi had died trying to kill Gozaburo, because it had improved his standing in the eyes of the people. Still, none of it made sense to Ryou. It was almost too fantastic for the poet to believe.

"He tried to kill her."

"Gozaburo tried to kill her." Ryou sat up with a gasp, staring at Bakura to see if the thief was playing with him. Bakura looked at his bowl, swiping one finger around the edge to catch the last drops of stew before placing it in his mouth and sucking on it. He let Ryou squirm for a while before taking his finger out and drying it on his pants. "But I got her out of there. Lost the horse though, but you could say it was for a good cause."

"Where are they going?"

"I told them to head north and look for Mahad."

Ryou wanted to get up and smack Bakura. "We don't even know where he is. How are they supposed to find him?"

"You forget, Ryou, that I have my methods." Bakura leaned back, looking quite smug with himself. Ryou glared at the thief before giving in and letting himself settle into the pose of an attentive audience. The thief smirked, closing his eyes as he spoke. "I'm guessing that since Mahad was from the northern country, there wouldn't be too many knights. It's a safe bet that if they ask for a Sir Mahad, that they will find him quickly. Most people up there don't aspire to much besides seeing the sun at least four times in their life." Bakura paused to laugh at his own joke, making Ryou shift with impatience. The thief calmed down with a long sigh, shifting to a more comfortable position. "You worry too much, Ryou."

"It's my job, seeing as you worry too little." Ryou stood up and walked over to Bakura, slapping him on the shoulder as he walked past. He stopped as a hand reached out and grabbed a hold of his leg. Ryou glanced down and sighed, rubbing his forehead. "I'm really not in the mood, Bakura."

"I wasn't going to ask for that. I was wondering if you wouldn't mind if I took Thoth away for a while." Ryou paused, the lack of motion making Bakura open his eyes. "Only scouting for information. I'm not leaving you to this miserable life. I've grown too attached to you for that."

"I didn't know you cared." Ryou pulled his leg out of Bakura's grip, laughing at the snort that the thief gave. He pretended to think it over, knowing that Bakura would take the mule whether or not he gave his permission. This was Bakura's way of letting him know that he was leaving instead of just sneaking off in the middle of the night. The poet finally shrugged, giving an over exaggerated roll of his eyes. "I suppose you can. Just refrain from getting yourself killed."

Bakura jumped to his feet and pulled Ryou into a kiss, running his tongue across the poet's lips to encourage Ryou to open them. He pushed back, not breaking free. "I already told you no."

The thief managed to pout, taking all of Ryou's self control not to laugh. "But I'll be all alone for days. Just think, this time tomorrow, I could be freezing out in the wild without my poet to cuddle with."

Ryou gave up on trying to shove him away, knowing that Bakura would win in the end. They had gone through this conversation so many times before. He sighed and allowed Bakura to hug him, turning his head away so he could at least get the last word. "Feels like we're a married couple."

Bakura slipped his hands under Ryou's shirt, smirking at the poet gasped at the contact. He planted a chaste kiss on Ryou's lips before stealing the poet's small victory. "Might as well be, love."

Tèa clung onto Tristan as the brunette steered the horse through the muddy fields, yelping as the palomino made an awkward leap over ditch. Immediately, Tristan glanced down at her. "Are you okay?"

She rolled her eyes and tangled one of her hands in the mane, securing a hold since Tristan insisted she ride side saddle. "I'm not going to go into labor if that's what you mean. I'm fine. Just worry about steering."

She heard him snort before refocusing on the road before them. She would apologize for her snappy attitude towards him later, but the boys were used to her mood swings. After all, they were the ones who treated her like she was royalty, even though she tried to do things on her own. She had been dreading the day she actually started looking pregnant instead of the small bump she was sporting now and how the boys would react to that. But she would never get to find out and she wasn't sure if she was lucky because of that. All Tèa knew was that she was on a galloping horse heading for the north, acting on the instruction of a man they didn't know.

But at least it was Yugi's horse, she would recognize the palomino anywhere. She partially freed her hand from the whipping white mane to place a few fingers on its neck, sighing as she did so. It was stupid that she was still fawning over the prince like a teenager with a crush. She was nearly twenty-one, she should have gotten over this stage long ago. And the crush should have gone away since he was dead. She couldn't fantasize about seeing him again or hearing his voice around the corner and running into him. He was gone beyond her reach. But she had something of his to live for. Something that would help them all.

Tèa threaded her fingers back into the palomino's mane, smiling as she looked down at her stomach. She would protect this child no matter what. Every night she prayed for the child to stay safe, for it to have its father's eyes and not her own. The world needed someone with violet eyes in it, someone to look at the world and wonder at its marvels instead of cursing it for the lot in life that it had given them. Their people needed a ruler who would be kind and just, two things that Tèa was sure Yugi would have been. If anything, she wished that this child would be more like his father and look nothing like her at all.

"Heads." That was the only warning she got as Tristan sent the horse into a patch of trees and pulled it to a stop, wrapping his arm more securely around her. Tèa peered out through the branches, her heart beating faster as she saw the men on horseback go thundering by. She bit her lip to keep from whimpering, pressing back into her friend as she waited for the guards to disappear. Tèa breathed a sigh of relief while Tristan gave a low curse, turning the palomino and urging it deeper into the woods. Tèa looked up at her friend, demanding an explanation for the obscenity. "They're heading up to the village that I was planning to stop at for food and other supplies, unless that man was prepared for this event."

She glanced back at the bulging packs that hung off the saddle. Tristan didn't seem inclined to check them at the moment and she knew that he would not allow her to move from her spot in front of him to check. Sighing, Tèa looked up at him. "So, what do we do now?"

"We keep heading north and I'll slip into villages when I can. We can travel faster than the king's guards, we know the area better than they do."

"Until we hit the boarder, then we're relying on finding this Mahad." Tèa didn't like the idea of trusting her child's existence to one person, if they found him at all. She didn't want to voice the question that they were both thinking, not wanting to let herself become weak with fear. She had to hold on for a while longer and then she could break down. Only when they were safe. "Until then, what do we do?"

Tristan shrugged. "I'll hunt or something. But, we should try and travel until we can't go on."

"Don't kill the horse!" Tèa shouted out the words on a whim, suddenly unable to bear the idea of hurting the beautiful palomino. Tristan gave her a strange look before finally nodding, probably counting the request as a product of her mood swings. Tèa didn't care. As long as the palomino was safe from harm, they would be alright. She could justify herself with thinking that they could easily sell the horse for a good price in the north or that having a healthy animal would be easier to escape on. But, in reality, it all came back to Yugi.

Everything came back to Yugi.

Atem gave a halfhearted snarl as Yugi reached out to steal a piece of meat from the carcass of the cow he had been devouring, giving the dragon a sweet smile before spearing the meat on a stick and holding it out expectantly. Atem rolled his eyes, trying not to sound amused. "You steal my food and expect me to cook it for you."

Yugi laughed, dissolving into a cute giggle that Atem wished he could hear more often before nodding, waving the stick in the air. "Please."

The dragon sighed and relented, spiting out a few flames to cook the meat before dropping his head back to his own meal. He gave a grumble as Yugi patted his side in thanks, settling into the bend that Atem's elbow made and chewing on the meat. Atem kept one eye on Yugi as he ate, wondering how the human could stand to be so close to him as he bolted down his meal, shooting glares at the dragons who came close. Four years had done its damage to him, making him extremely cautious of anything coming near his food, Yugi being the one exception to his rule. But then, Yugi was quickly becoming the exception to all his rules.

He wouldn't have helped any human, except Yugi. He would have swallowed any other human, except Yugi. He would have let any other human die, except Yugi. He wouldn't have torn open his chest and split his heart for any other human, except Yugi. He wouldn't fall in love with any human, except Yugi.

Atem gave a content sigh and pushed the bones of the cow away from and curled his head and tail around, tilting his head slightly so he could still see Yugi as the prince sat on his foreleg. Content with the arrangement, both human and dragon sighed and relaxed, Atem's eyes slowly closing. He smiled as he felt Yugi reach up and stroke his scales. Atem shifted slightly into the caress, the tip of his tail twitching as Yugi found a ticklish spot. He cracked open an eye to watch the human. He had missed closeness that he and Yugi shared when he was out in the desert and coherent enough to think. Equals instead of rivals, as the other male dragons treated him, or just an object to be captured like the females viewed him as. He lifted his head to nuzzle Yugi, neck protesting the cramped position. His human gave a faint squeak at the sign of affection before he allowed Atem to continue.

"Atem," he guessed that the sound was supposed to be a whine but it came out as a moan, "I'm trying to eat."

"It was mine first, Yugi." Atem let up, smiling as Yugi abandoned his post to sit on the ground by Atem's side. "And you stole it from this poor, starving dragon."

Yugi reached out to give a dragon a light shove, but the motion came after a moment of hesitation. Atem sighed, opening a wing to cover the human and his head. Yugi smiled his thanks before crawling over to hold Atem close. The dragon a soft trill, Yugi holding him tighter with the sound. "Yugi, I'm alright. I promise."

"But-"

"I'm alright. I'm here and I'm alright." Atem felt Yugi shiver, mumbling the rest of his sentence as he pressed his forehead against the dragon, stopping when Atem started to speak again. "You haven't lost me."

"It was close. My grandfather talked to me about it. He guessed that you had a few days before stuff started to die. And you would have starved to death and-"

"Yugi." He pushed the human onto his back, effectively stopping Yugi's rambling. Atem gave him a fond smile to apologize for his action before resting his muzzle on Yugi's stomach, the contact seeming to calm him down. "Stop worrying over trivial matters. I'm not going anywhere. Why would I? Everything I want is here."

"Atem-"

"Stop." Yugi shuddered and gasped at the warm air that ran over him with the order. "Just focus on the present."

The human reluctantly nodded before relaxing back onto the ground, content have Atem's head resting on him. Yugi reached up to stroke the scales he could reach, simply tracing around the edges. The two lapsed back into silence, Yugi taking the time to reassure himself that Atem wasn't leaving. Finally, Yugi spoke again, his fingers ceasing their movement for a moment. "So…mating season?"

Atem laughed at the reluctance in Yugi's voice. "Yes. I believe it starts tomorrow."

"Got your eye on anyone?" Atem gave Yugi a sideways glance, the truth on the tip of his tongue before he decided to confine his answer to his own species. He shook his head, listening to Yugi giggle as the action caused his shirt to ride up. Atem smiled at the sound, dropping his head to rest his muzzle on the exposed skin, eyes going wide in the next instant.

Yugi arched his back with a gasp, hands clamping down onto his muzzle to keep Atem from moving. "Hot!" The prince dropped his head back to the ground with a moan. "Gods, you're hot!"

Atem gave a startled rumble of his own, the vibrations making Yugi cry out again. He was too focused on the sensations that he was experiencing to notice Yugi writhing under him. The human's stomach was warm, much warmer than Yugi's hands, but still cooler than Atem's body temperature. Atem enjoyed the feeling of the soft skin and the contrast between their temperatures, nuzzling Yugi gently and listening to the soft mewl that Yugi gave. The dragon responded with a purr of contentment, wanting to hear more from the prince. Yugi obliged his unspoken plea by repeating the sound, the cry turning into a moan as Atem lifted his head, finding that the human was gazing at him through glazed violet eyes. "Atem…"

He took a deep breath to resist the temptation to rest his muzzle back on Yugi. If things got out of hand, he didn't want to hurt the human. He settled for laying his head back on the ground, Yugi immediately curling up close to him. The prince reinstated contact by returning to his slow tracing of Atem's scales. Atem dug his claws into the ground, resisting the urge to turn and nuzzle the human again. He scrambled to remember the question that Yugi had asked him, his voice shaking as he finally answered it. "No. I have no intention of trying to attract a mate. But I will be flying with the rest."

"Why?" The prince's voice was quiet, the human obviously still trying to collect his thoughts.

"Some of the females are really shy or trying to stay single themselves. It would be embarrassing if they had no one to fly with." Atem moaned as Yugi's fingers found a sensitive spot near the bottom of his jaw, noticing the sleepy smile that the prince gave. "Everyone else knows not to bother with me. I've told been telling them that I'm not interested."

"Really?"

Atem nodded, the motion pushing him closer to Yugi's rubbing fingers. "I wouldn't even be considered if I wasn't important because I spent most three months lying on the sand in misery."

"Important how?"

"It doesn't matter." Atem shook his head, not wanting to think about the title that was forced on him. As usual, the thought made him want to growl, cursing the dragon who had decided to bestow the accursed thing on him. "It's an empty title and I refuse to be a martyr for a cause that has yet to be decided."

His words seemed to soothe the human, but Yugi snapped into awareness at the last statement. He nudged the prince backwards, taking the chance to rub his muzzle across exposed skin to make the human moan again. Slowly, Yugi backed away, leaning against Atem's side as he drifted off to sleep, lulled by the warmth of the dragon. Atem looked down at the sleeping human, resting the tip of his muzzle on Yugi's shoulder and watching as the prince squirmed, a fond smile on his face. He dropped into a more comfortable position as close to Yugi as he could get, breathing in the scent of the human before allowing him to fall asleep.

Atem knew that it had only been a few moments when a set of claws scratched over him. He bared his teeth and pulled his head out from under his wing, snarling at Rex. The purple and brown dragon pretended to be taken aback before calmly folding his wings. Atem growled at the slight that Rex was dealing him, remaining standing while Atem was on the ground and obviously not moving. The polite gesture would be to join Atem on the ground. Rex tilted his head at the growl, obviously deciding to misunderstand it. The purple and brown dragon looked at the carcass of the cow, giving the bones a disgusted kick before he looked back at Atem. "Didn't you learn from the last time? You should eat more or you'll be trying to tear out your stomach again."

The black and red dragon snorted, not bothering to acknowledge the question with an answer. He lowered his head to rest on his forelegs, aware of Yugi's every movement by his side as the prince attempted to find a comfortable position. Atem grunted as Yugi accidentally elbowed his side, glancing back at his wing as Rex laughed, the purple and brown dragon standing up and flaring his wings for balance. "Oh, so you are going to pull out that act again to get out of flying tomorrow."

"It was never an act, Rex." Atem was careful to keep his voice low, not wanting to wake Yugi up. When the purple and brown dragon came back down to all fours and rolled his eyes, Atem growled. "I would like to see you survive for four years being hunted down daily and your food reduced to human flesh. See how well your stomach would deal with that."

"Oh, I would be fine great Morningstar." Rex smirked at the angry look the title drew from Atem. "I would be able to handle it better than you ever could, the weak dragon that you are. At least I would be able to deal with the pain without calling for my little lover."

Atem stiffened at the insinuation, his growl now becoming constant as Rex laughed and began to pace in front of Atem. The red and black dragon raised his head, eyes following Rex as the purple and brown dragon paced. "It was very entertaining to watch you writhe on the sand and scream. Who thought our precious Morningstar could ever be brought so low?" The dragon stopped for a moment, leaning close and making Atem draw his head back in disgust. "Who's Yugi?"

"What?"

"That's the name you were screaming." Rex rocked back onto his hindquarters, smirking at the look on Atem's face. "My favorite was 'No, please, don't hurt him'. Who's 'him' Atem? Lost your interest in females? Is that why you have been telling them that you're not looking for a mate? Already have a lover?"

Rex ignored the strangled snarl, walking around Atem. The black and red dragon relaxed as Rex moved from his line of sight, hoping that the dragon had decided to go torment someone else. He tensed as he felt a weight settle onto his back, biting back a whimper at the pain that the weight caused to the wing that he still had spread over Yugi. The sound managed to escape as claws dug into his shoulders, the laugh that follow the action making him turn his head around, eyes widening as he found himself staring into Rex's black eyes. The dragon smirked before pressing more of himself against Atem, the red and black dragon shuddering at the unwanted contact. He stiffened at the laugh that Rex gave. "Do you like that Atem? Do you make that sound for Yugi when he does this?"

Atem's patience snapped. He roared and rolled over, the move upsetting Rex and sending him crashing onto the ground. The purple and brown dragon landed on his back, Atem taking the moment of confusion to plant one hand on Rex's chest, claws digging in around the beating heart. Rex glanced up at him before laughing, pressing his head back into the ground. "Good one, Atem."

The black and red dragon snarled, shifting so he was also resting a back foot on Rex, casually digging the spur on the back of the foot into the other dragon's stomach. Rex whimpered at the pain, trying to claw at Atem. He merely laughed, pulling his head out of the range of the weak blows. "Who said I was joking, Rex? Four years of hiding in caves and fighting off humans might have driven me crazy."

The purple and brown dragon sputtered for a moment before he tried to gather his defense. Rex turned his head to the side with a snort, still flinching from the pressure of the claws on his scales. "But I bet you liked it when I mounted you."

Atem snarled, grabbing Rex's neck in his mouth and giving a weak shake. It wouldn't do to kill the dragon now, but he wanted to threaten him. His status among the dragons right now was only upheld by his title, and then only barely. To most of them, he was still weak and had to prove himself again. Atem was more than willing to do so. He released Rex's neck, keeping his teeth just above the scales so when he talked they dug into the scales. "Give me one good reason not to kill you."

"Atem." The sound of Yugi's voice brought him out of his daze. He looked over to the human, watching Yugi absently rubbed one shoulder. Atem immediately felt guilty. The pain from Rex's body on his wing must have woken Yugi up and Yugi had no idea what was going on. Atem looked back at Rex before snorting in disgust and pushing the purple and brown dragon further into the ground before walking back over to the human. He dropped his head to look at Yugi's shoulder, nuzzling the area as Rex clambered back to his feet.

"There's one thing that the humans made you, Atem, unnatural. Your job is to find a mate, produce chicks and then die nobly for our cause; not allow yourself to be distracted by your love for this Yugi." The purple and brown dragon spat a small flame before storming off into the night, Atem glaring after him before hanging his head with a sigh. The other dragons hadn't given him this much trouble, but Rex was young and had the heady advantage of being larger than Atem, like most of the younger dragons were. He growled to himself before lying back on the ground, looking at Yugi.

The prince was staring off in the direction that Rex had stomped off in, violet eyes wide; Atem couldn't decide if it was fear or shock, although he hoped it was the latter. Hesitantly, Atem moved back to Yugi, stopping himself before he nuzzled the prince, feeling that he had lost that right. Or the right to any contact with the way he had avoided Yugi's questions to save himself from embarrassment.

The black and red dragon sighed before stretching out on the ground, resting his head back on his forelegs. His eyes widened as Yugi walked over, rolling his shoulder in an attempt to rid it of residual pain. Atem gave him a sheepish glance, feeling responsible for the injury to the human. If he had chased Rex off sooner…

"What did Rex do to make your wing hurt?" Atem looked back over at Yugi and wished he hadn't. The prince had taken off his shirt, the article of clothing dangling from one hand as Yugi reached up to rub the sore muscles with the other, hissing in pain. Without thinking, Atem motioned him over, watching in awe as Yugi obeyed. The moonlight caused the human's pale skin to glow, making it nearly impossible for Atem to resist touching Yugi. The dragon shook his head, pointing as his side with his muzzle.

"Heat will help that."

Yugi gave him a smile before settling back down by Atem's side, moaning as he leaned his bare back against the dragon. Atem gritted his teeth to keep any sound from escaping, closing his eyes as he felt Yugi squirm until the human had found a comfortable position. He had expected Yugi to put his shirt back on before doing this. He leaned into the colder body, a strangled moan escaping him, the sound causing Yugi to sit up and look at him. "Are you alright?"

"Yes." He was lying through his teeth, but Yugi was making things very difficult for him right now. He dug his claws into the ground, looking away from the human until Yugi had moved back into his original position, one hand tugging gently at the edge of the wing he could reach, Atem automatically dropping it back over the human and tucking his head under the wing. The move was greeted by a brilliant smile from the prince, Yugi reaching out to run his hand down Atem's head.

"So, what did Rex do to make you react like that?"

Atem turned his head so it was pressed against Yugi, instinctually hiding from sight when he was embarrassed. He realized what he had just done when he felt the human shiver at the increased contact. Unconsciously, Atem leaned closer to Yugi, wanting to be able to feel as much skin as he could. His reply came out as a mumble. "He mounted me."

"He did what?" Yugi pulled Atem's head away from his side only far enough to see if the dragon was joking. Atem just blinked miserably up at Yugi, his mortification turning quickly to surprise when the prince sighed and reached to rub the spot above Atem's eye. The dragon waited for Yugi to speak, the hope disappearing at the look in the prince's violet eyes. There was anger there and possessiveness, something that Yugi almost never showed. Atem lowered his eyes, staring at the ground as Yugi gave him one last stroke before snuggling back into the dragon, using his rolled up shirt as a pillow. "Night Atem."

And just like that, the conversation was over.

Atem stared at Yugi as the prince dropped off to sleep, his face relaxing. The dragon sighed and nuzzled the human, purring as he did so. Yugi gave a small moan, one hand moving from its place on the ground to rest on Atem's muzzle. The dragon smiled to himself and let the hand rest there, lowering his head so it rested partially on Yugi's lap and partially on the ground, letting himself be carried away by sleep. He would worry about the implications of the conversation with Rex later.

Please read and review. Constructive criticism is always welcome.