Entry tags:

double crossing, spangel, spike/lindsey

Double Crossing, 4/8
Title: Double Crossing 
Chapter: 4 of 8 
Pairing: Spike/Lindsey/Angel 
Rating: NC-17 
Warnings: m/m/m, bondage, torture, language 
Summary: Post NFA, Lindsey reappears, asking Spike for help. Trouble ensues. 
Author's Note: This is for faketoysoldier, who asked for S/L/A, karaoke, and the prompts smoke, microphone, cherry, and slip. I hope you like it! It's finished and I'll post updates daily. I'm in a terribly impatient mood, so please let me know if any mistakes slipped by me. Feedback is cherished.

Gorgeous, NSFW banner by blondebitz!

Previous chapters here.

Chapter Four

On the whole, he would rather have been in Philadelphia. Or Frankfort. Or Phnom Penh. Or nearly anywhere on the planet except where he was, which was a dirty room in an awful old motor court motel somewhere deep in the fucking heartland.

He wasn’t even sure how he’d ended up here.

He’d left the Hyperion with a few hundred dollars in cash and no particular plan at all. It had been close to sunrise, though, so he’d quickly taken to the sewers. He found a cleanish empty spot and squatted against the wall, trying to get his head sorted. Where was he going to go now?

His first thought had been to Scotland. He could join Buffy and her Slayer army, could be a true help to them. But he quickly rejected the idea. Being around all the potentials had set his teeth on edge that time before he died in Sunnyhell. He couldn’t imagine actually living among them and working with them. Besides, even though he’d be an asset, he wouldn’t truly be welcome. Wouldn’t be wanted.

So that left…what? The rest of the world. He’d knocked around the globe enough over the decades, and he knew plenty of places where a vampire could exist in relative peace, even if that vampire had a soul. The problem was, not one of them appealed to him. None of them was home. He’d really only had two true homes since he’d been turned. One of them was now a crater, and the other was…where Angel was. Fuck.

In the end, he’d emerged from the sewer at sunset and stolen the pouf’s car after all and driven it more or less at random. He’d ended up heading north along the coast, all the way through Big Sur and then to San Francisco. Then he’d switched over to I-80 and gone east. Every morning he’d find a cheap motel to hole up in for the day. Feeding was a bit of a problem, but the larger cities had supermarkets open at night, and he could buy blood from the butchers there. It wasn’t optimal, but it kept the hunger away.

He’d made his way slowly, often switching to state highways rather than the interstate, looking for anything of interest in the cowboy towns he blew through. He hadn’t found anything.

So now here he was in the arsehole of America, and he had just about enough dosh left to fill the car’s tank one more time, and he still had no sense of what to do with himself. And in the harsh light of day, when the sun crept in around the edges of the drawn curtains, highlighting the millions of dust motes in the air, he was still alone.

He didn’t sleep. The telly was on, but he wasn’t watching it. Instead, he was following a thin bar of sunlight as it slowly made its way across the floor, and then over the foot of the bed. It was less than three inches from his feet now. He’d be in it if he pointed his toes. But he wouldn’t. He’d wait for it to come to him.

CRASH!!

The door to his room slammed open so hard it bounced off the wall and then back. Spike scrambled off the bed, vamping out as he did.

Three huge men squeezed into the room. One of them was wearing an expensive but rumpled suit, and the others were in jeans and tees. Two were pointing guns at him, and the third had a crossbow aimed at Spike’s chest.

Spike looked around frantically, but there was nowhere to go. The only exit was the door, and even if the men weren’t blocking his way, it led straight into the mid-afternoon sun. “Who the bloody hell are you?” he growled, wondering if he could find a way to bluff his way out of this mess.

The man in the suit smiled at him, revealing perfectly white teeth. “Your new best friends.” And then he pulled the trigger of his gun.

Spike had been shot plenty of times before, so he braced himself for the pain and impact. Instead, though, there was only a sharp sting in his chest. Surprised, he looked down and found a dart sticking through the fabric of his shirt. He yanked it out and tossed it aside, but already his limbs were feeling heavy and his vision was going gray.

“Bugger,” he mumbled, and collapsed to the floor.

Cold.

He was really bloody cold, and his head felt like a bomb had gone off inside. He lurched unsteadily to his feet, swayed, and fell back onto the hard floor. He groaned and rolled onto his back and decided to try opening his eyes first this time.

Carefully, he peeled his lids open, and at first the light was too bright for him to see anything at all. Even when his eyes adjusted, his vision swirled and wobbled, and all he got was a sickening, unfocused impression of whiteness.

He waited a few minutes, and gradually his sight steadied and sharpened. When it did, though, he yelled and scrambled backwards, thumping into a wall and huddling there, terrified.

The Initiative.

He was back in the fucking Initiative.

As he fought down his panic, he remembered that the Initiative had been destroyed, and Maggie Walsh was deader than him, and all that was behind him.

But then where the fuck was he?

White tiles covered the walls and floor of the small room, just as they had in his cell underneath Sunnydale. The ceiling was tiled as well, with a bright bulb that glared painfully and, in the corner, a black object that he expected was a camera. Unlike his old cell, however, this room did not have a glass window; instead, all four walls appeared solid.

Using the slippery wall to support himself, he struggled upright again and took a more careful look around. There was nothing in the cell but him and the bulb and the camera, and he was naked. The ceiling was at least twelve feet up, too far for him to jump. He heard only his own haggard breathing, and the only scent was the very faint ammonia of cleaning products.

Panic washed over him again. He screamed and shouted, the sound deafening as it bounced off the hard walls. He pounded and clawed at the tiles, but succeeded only in leaving bloody swipes where he split his knuckles and tore his nails. He rushed at the walls with his shoulders, and then bounced back, bruised and aching.

Eventually he leaned in a corner, exhausted. He looked up at the camera. “Who are you, then?” he called. “What the bloody hell do you want from me?”

There was no answer.

There was simply no way to get comfortable in this room. All the surfaces were cold and hard, and no matter how he positioned himself, the tiles ground against his body and seeped their chill into the core of his body. The glaring light never dimmed. He was beginning to wonder if he had met final death, and if this were some kind of hell. He’d rather have burned.

But then there was a small clicking sound and one of the tiles above him slid open, and a large packet of red fluid dropped through to splat onto the floor. He remembered the drugged blood in the Initiative, but he didn’t care. He was terribly hungry by now and besides, if they drugged him, that might mean they would take him out of the cell. And that might mean he had some small hope of escape. So he seized the packet and tore it open, and gratefully gulped down the contents. It was pig, and cold.

Nothing happened. He didn’t grow weak or pass out. Nobody came for him. The empty plastic bag sat on the floor, and so did he.

Some time later, another bag dropped out of the ceiling. He was hungry again, so he drank it as well.

Eventually, he accumulated several dozen of the things. He stacked them neatly and used them as a pillow, even though they crackled annoyingly every time he stirred. At least they were softer than the floor.

He slept a lot. When he was awake, he sang and talked to himself, and paced the few steps the small space allowed, and wondered how long it would take before he was completely mad.

One day the blood really must have been laced with something, because after he drank he became groggy and fell unconscious. But when he awoke he was still in the cell—he knew it was the same one because of the blood smeared on the tiles—and now the bags were all gone.

He curled up in the corner and sobbed.

After a time, he stopped feeding. It wasn’t that he feared being drugged again. He expected that if his captors wanted him doped up they’d find some other way to do it. It was only…not eating was the only choice he was able to make, the one small freedom available to him. The hunger gnawed at him angrily for a time, but that didn’t really matter. Eventually there would be coma and then brain damage, he knew, and that was better than this nothing.

The full bags piled up atop the empty ones. He lay in a fetal position in the corner, his back to the center of the room, and waited.

His senses were dulled so that he didn’t notice the new thing at first. And then it came again, a quiet whirr. Slowly, he shifted onto his back. A black object had appeared, suspended slightly from the ceiling, and it took him a moment to realize what it was. Ah. It was a video screen.

Just as he recognized it, it flashed to solid blue, then black, then back to blue. And then a picture came into view. Three people sat at a table in what appeared to be a posh conference room. Behind one of them was a window, and he could see that it was day, and there was an expansive view of a city skyline. He thought—yes, there was the Chrysler Building. New York, then.

The three people were all men, all wearing suits. The one on the left was perhaps forty, thin and balding, with a hooked nose like a bird’s beak. The center man was older, near sixty, perhaps. He had a pinkish face and a full head of white hair and a neat mustache and beard. There was a pad of yellow paper before him, and what looked like a television remote control. The man on the right was Lindsey McDonald.

Painfully, Spike shuffled around until he was seated, his back propped against the wall and his bony legs straight out before him. He was too weak to sit on his own.

“Hello, Spike,” said the older bloke. “Do you know who we are?”

“Twats,” Spike said, his long-unused voice as course as rough gravel.

The man smiled. “I’m Steven Braddock. I’m CEO of Wolfram and Hart’s east coast division.” Spike wasn’t exactly surprised to learn who his captors were, but he was too frail and weary to care. Braddock motioned toward the balding man. “This is Paul French, head of Special Projects. And of course,” he gestured in the other direction, “you know Lindsey McDonald.”

Lindsey’s hands were laced together on the table top, and his face was completely blank. He was wearing a nice suit, and his blue shirt showed off his eyes very well.

“Are you not enjoying our hospitality, Spike?”

“Sod off,” Spike mumbled.

“We went to some trouble to track you down, you know. What the hell were you doing in Minden, Nebraska?”

Spike didn’t bother to answer.

“This doesn’t have to be an antagonistic relationship, Spike. If you’re willing to work with us, we could make your…situation…much more comfortable. What would you think of that?”

Spike used two fingers to reply, and Braddock laughed heartily. “You are a feisty one, aren’t you? But let’s get down to brass tacks. I know you have a busy schedule.” He laughed again at his own joke. “Here’s the deal. You agree to work with us, become one of the team. You like to work with a group, don’t you? First it was Angelus and the ladies, then those kids in Sunnydale, and then Angel and his friends. Now it can be us. And in return, your accommodations will be much approved.”

He frowned like stern father. “Now, of course, it will take some time for trust to be built. So at first, I’m afraid we’ll have to continue to use several…restrictions.” He gestured, and the camera panned across the table. An assortment of chains and shackles was arrayed there and, in the center, a collar quite like the one he’d bought Lindsey.

The camera moved back to the men and Braddock continued. “Eventually, we hope to get rid of these unpleasant necessities, and then you’ll be quite free to roam about.

“What do you say, Spike?”

“Get bent.”

Braddock sighed heavily. “I’m sure you realize that just as we can make you more comfortable, we also have it in our power to make you less comfortable if you don’t cooperate.” He pressed a button on the remote.

A powerful electric jolt surged through the floor and into Spike’s body. Spike screamed and tried to escape the pain, but he could barely support his own weight, and in any case the pain was everywhere. It went on and on and he finally collapsed to his knees, howling and trembling.

After an eternity, the shock ended. Spike sank onto his side, still moaning. Dimly, he heard Braddock say, “Think about it. We’ll talk more later.”

The next day—or maybe it was longer than that; who knew?—the video screen descended again, and once again Braddock appeared, flanked by French and Lindsey. Lindsey’s shirt was maroon this time. Spike hadn’t moved at all. What was the point?

“You’ve had some chance to consider our offer, Spike. Ready to accept?”

Spike only curled more tightly into himself.

“Well, maybe you’ll reconsider soon,” Braddock said. Then the electric jolt came again, and even though Spike had tried to brace himself beforehand, the agony was still searing.

After that, the screen reappeared periodically. Spike no longer looked up to see it. Each time, Braddock repeated his offer, and each time Spike’s refusal to answer was followed by the shock. Spike hardly had the strength to move any more, and would mostly twitch and shudder as the electricity coursed through him. His vocal chords were ruined from his screams, and now he could make only a hoarse rasp.

He wondered if Lindsey enjoyed watching him writhe.

He tried to end his existence the only way he could, by dashing his brains out on the hard tile. He wasn’t certain that would work, actually, but he attempted it anyway, smashing his head into the wall repeatedly as hard as he could. But either he was too weak to accomplish enough damage, or else his body’s abilities of self-preservation were more than he’d thought, because he only blacked out. When he came to, new scarlet marks were still drying on the tiles.

“Spike,” Lindsey said. “All you have to do is say yes.” Or perhaps that was just a dream, or a voice in his head. There were voices in his head, just as there had been when he regained his soul and haunted the high school basement. Just as then, these voices all were angry, they all hated him.

He tried to remember kind words. He knew he’d heard them now and them. From his mum, so long ago. From Dru, yeah? From Joyce, oh, Joyce. From Buffy, right at the end. But the rage and the yelling and the demands drowned them out, and there was no escape, and all he could do was press his cheek to the cool tile and close his eyes and wait for the next pain.

Chapter Five