Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Harem vs the Demon Lord Chapter Thirteen: Futa Delights! Naughty Fun Has Consequences
Summary: Things heat up after Virginia returns from the other world!
Keywords: Hh Hsolo hhh Hh hf fantasy gamelit magic A2P oral facial exhib voy public school inter

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Lada Volkov

Where was she?

I kept glancing at the door as I suffered through Ms. Bisset's civics class. I kept hoping and hoping and hoping that Virginia would walk in. She had vanished, jaunted off to that other world, and she had not returned. She had been gone for a half-hour now. 

She was supposed to fuck me during lunch. I needed her to pump me full of cum so I could make all my cheerleaders into a futas, too. Into futa-concubines. It would be so hot. It made my clit-dick so hard just thinking about it.

She should be here right now. It would be amazing to have her pounding my cunt in the middle of class. Way better than listening to Ms. Bisset drone on about the two houses of congress. Like I gave a fuck about the Senate and the House when there were more exciting things going on.

Sex.

Hot, naughty futa-sex.

My pussy clenched. My nipples throbbed at the tip of my breasts. I glanced at the door, my futa-dick throbbing in my panties. My cheeks burned with the heat of my lusts. I rubbed my hands together, my palms sweaty. 

I glanced at the door again. Still no Virginia. Time was ticking by. We had more classes after lunch and... There was the dark elf. Was Virginia even safe in the other world? What if was being hurt? Killed? There was nothing I could do. I was stuck over here. It made me want to punch something.

Like that dark elf bitch. Ooh, I would punch the shit out of her and then fuck her and then punch her again. God, I was so hard. I wanted to cum so badly. I glanced at the door again. Still no Virginia. This was getting unbearable. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Virginia Homewood

I shuddered as I sat on the log, the futa-elf's cum dripping out of my asshole while the futa-dryad's jizz ran down my round breasts. My blonde hair fell around my flushed face. I was horny, eager for more fun, but I had finally stuck around in this world longer than it took to fuck.

“You said something about me bathing in the Spring of Maidenly Oozes,” I said to Kali. That was the elf. A violet-haired and busty beauty with a huge girl-cock thrusting from her hairless pussy. 

“Yes, to gain the Golden Power to defeat the Demon Lord,” Kali said. “You must first bathe in the Spring of Maidenly Oozes to anoint yourself in their passion.”

“I hope it's a good sort of passion,” I said. Oozes?

“Oh, it is supposed to be,” Willow said. The gentle dryad clapped her hands together. “It is said to rejuvenate your skin, too.”

“So it's a great exfoliate,” I muttered. “Okay, what next?”

“Then to prove your worth, you must be anointed in the futa-cum of a Unicorn,” said Kali.

“Uhh...” I blinked at that. “Kinky. I suppose that's very rare.”

“Very. Unicorns only appear before the Heroine. If you're not actually her, then you won't be anointed.”

I swallowed. “I might not be the heroine?”

“Well, you appeared here from another world, so you must be,” said Kali. “Who else would it be?”

“Ella Savidge,” I muttered. “She's gained a futa-cock, and she's getting her own harem.”

“She's from your world?” Willow asked, blinking her eyes. “Are there not futas in your world?”

“No,” Kali said. “Virginia wasn't even a futa the first time I met her and had never heard the word before.”

“Yeah, so it's weird,” I said. What if I wasn't the heroine? “Okay, so what do I do after I get bathed in a unicorn's futa-cum.”

“Anointed,” Kali corrected. “That's a sacred act. It allows you then to ascent into Heaven were you must satisfy the Angelic Choir.”

“Oh, I get to fuck some angels,” I said brightly. “That sounds fun. And then I'll have the Golden Power and I'll get to defeat the Demon Lord and save the world and have a parade thrown in my owner.”

“I don't know about a parade,” said Willow, a look of confusion on her face, “but, yes, the rest of that sounds correct.”

I furrowed my brow. “Does convergence mean anything to you?”

Willow shook her head. The elf frowned, looking like she was thinking, but then she also shook her head in the negative. I sighed. I was hoping they knew what that meant. Convergence. What was going on with Ella? What if it had nothing to do with me? 

I once heard a saying. Don't confuse coincidence with fate. Sometimes things just happened that seemed linked but weren't. Maybe Ella became a futa and was doing something else. Maybe with another magical world. I know, I know, it was a stretch. It probably wasn't a coincidence.

Saffron needed to uncover more clues.

“Well, at least I know what I have to do know.” I stretched my back. “So, when should I go do this ooze thing?”

“When you have your party assembled,” said Kali. “I would be honored to be a member of it, Lady Virginia.”

“As would I,” the dryad said.”

“Let me guess, it should be six individuals?” I asked.

“And you would make seven,” said Kali. “Just as there are Seven Harmonious Goddesses, there is the Heroic Septet. The ones who will be united by the Heroine to save the world from the Demon Lord.”

“So I just need to assemble them and get their butts over here. Okay, that's my next task. Figure out how to get them over here.” I shrugged. “It seems like I come here when I'm horny. Like I know that I'll find the satisfaction I crave by crossing over here.”

“Do you need satisfaction?” Kali asked. “My pussy is at your disposal, Lady Virginia. You must merely ask, and I will fall to my knees and allow you to plunge your cock into my pussy.”

“That's so tempting, but... What if we were to fuck each other? Is that possible?”

Kali quivered. “You would double-join with me?” Her ears quivered. “You would do me that great honor.”

“Yes!” I said. “That sounds hot. Let's do that. Double-join.”

“Let me go wash my cock off in the waters so that it is clean of your ass.”

I waved my hand before me. “Don't worry about that. I want your cock in me right now. I want to be fucked by you so badly. I don't care if your dick's dirty. That sort of makes it hotter. Mmm, what do you say?”

Her futa-cock twitched. “Thank you, Lady Virginia. Thank you so much!”

I smiled and sank to the soft ground. I spread my legs wide and then blinked. “I really have no idea how to do it.”

“You are in the right position,” the elf said. “We must scissor our legs together and then bring our pussies closer and closer together while aiming our cocks at the other's cunt. This way, we can slide into the other's pussy at the same time. It is a fantastic delight.”

“God, I bet it is.”

She sank on her rump. I leaned back on my left hand as she scooted nearer to me. She brought her girl-cock closer and closer to me. I loved the sight of her approaching me. Our legs entwined. Her right went over my left and vice versa. I shivered, my pussy clenching.

The tip of her girl-cock nudged into mine. Pleasure burst from my spongy crown and shot down my dick to my pussy. Our shafts slid past the other. They slid past each other, aimed right at our dripping cunts.

Her dirty dick nuzzled into my cunt while my cock, polished clean by willow, pressed into her shaved folds. I trembled as her tip found my twat a moment later. I shuddered. We were both poised to ram into the other.

“Now we slide even closer,” she moaned, “until our pussies are almost touching. Then we hump away.”

“Okay,” I said and scooted to her. She scooted to me.

My eyes widened. At the same time my futa-dick popped into her cunt, her clit-cock slid into my pussy. I shuddered at the duel delights of fucking and being fucked. I had experienced that delight, but now it was the same futa that I shared this rapture with.

She moaned. I groaned. 

Our pussies swallowed the other's cock. The two different frictions rippled through me. They mixed and swirled and fed on each other. The pleasure of my dick sliding into cunt crashed into the delight of a thick shaft penetrating my snatch.

“Oh, my fucking god!” I moaned as we came closer and closer together. “This is incredible.”

“It is!” Kali moaned, her big boobs heaving. “Your pristine pussy is cleansing my dirty dick!”

“Yeah, it is!” I moaned, clenching my cunt down on her girl-cock.

She did the same to mine. The increased frictions shot delight through me. I whimpered and then gasped as my bush rubbed into her pussy lips. We had come as close together as possible. I whimpered, my face contorting from the delight of this moment. It was amazing.

We fucked each other, humping our pussies at the other while driving our big futa-dicks into hot cunts. Double-fucking was amazing. I groaned, our cocks spearing past the other to bury into hot quim. My twat rejoiced at being filled by that dirty dick.

 I thrust away at her. She fucked away at me. It was incredible. I squeezed my cunt down around her girl-cock. She did the same to my futa-dick. I whimpered. She moaned. My pussy drank in that wonderful rapture. Delight shot down my shaft.

My ovaries drank it all in. 

My round breasts bounced.

Her big tits heaved.

“Oh, you two look so hot,” Willow moaned. She stroked her girl-cock, pumping up and down her shaft. She fisted herself hard. “Ooh, that's amazing. Yes, yes, that's just so hot to watch. Lady Virginia, I'm so envious. I wish to be in your place, Kali.”

“Mmm, it's wonderful,” moaned Kali. “Oh, yes, yes, that's it. That's so good, Lady Virginia. I love it. I love it so much. Oh, I'm going to cum so hard. Yes, yes, yes!”

“Cum in me!” I groaned. “And I'll cum in you.”

“And I'll cum on you!” gasped Willow. She stroked her hands up and down her futa-dick. “Just all over you.”

“Yes!” I whimpered, my pussy clenching down on the hard cock slamming into my pussy. rapture shot down my futa-dick burying into juicy cunt.

We humped away faster, pumping cocks in and out of the other's twats. My toes curled. I whimpered, loving the way her boobs bounced and rippled. Her long ears twitched. I gasped, climbing and climbing towards that orgasm.

The ache swelled at the tip of my futa-dick burying into her hot cunt. My pussy grew hotter, warming up my ovaries as her clit-cock plunged deep into me. I shuddered, my face contorting. This was too much.

“Oh, yes, yes, Kali!” I gasped, thrusting into her cunt.

“Lady Virginia!” she squealed at the same moment, plunging into my pussy.

We came together.

Our pussies spasmed and cocks erupted. Jizz pumped into both our twats. I gasped, erupting over and over into her snatch as her cum flooded my cunt. Hot cum splashed on my cervix. My flesh rippled around her, milking her.

She massaged me. She wrung my futa-cock dry as waves of rapture and jolts of ecstasy shot through me. I gasped and moaned, my head tossing from side to side. Stars burst across my vision. I groaned, loving every moment of this bliss. 

“Lady Virginia!” gasped Willow.

Her girl-cock erupted. Hot cum spurted over my tits and stomach. She waved her cock back and forth as futa-spunk fired from the tip. She hosed us both down. I groaned, loving the feel of her thick seed running over my tits.

I hit the peak of my orgasms, my pussy wringing Kali's cock dry as her cunt did the same with my dick. Willow kept moaning. Kali kept spurting blast after blast of jizz into my pussy. It was incredible. I loved every moment of it.

“Bathe me,” I moaned, turning my head to that big cock.

“Yes, Lady Virginia!” gasped Willow as she fired a blast of cum into my face.

She splashed it over my features. I groaned, loving that spunk spilling over me. I closed my eyes, luxuriating in it bathing me. It was incredible to feel raining down on me. I groaned, savoring every last moment of it. Every last second of this rapture.

“Yes!” I moaned, the cum spilling over me. “That's what I needed. I—”

Sat in the middle of the hallway, my futa-cock thrusting up into the front of my skirt. I licked my lips, feeling the salty cum on them. I shuddered as I looked around. Third period must just be starting. I was supposed to be in Civics with Lada.

Footsteps clicked on the floor behind me. I froze as I heard a feminine voice say, “What are you doing there, Virginia and... What is on your face?”

I had been busted by a teacher. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Saffron Homewood

Addy Hull sat beside me in Latin. She pushed up her glasses and whispered, “I'm one of your sister's futa mages..”

On the other side of me, Mio sat. The graceful, Japanese girl crossed her leg and gave me a new look.

“She's one, too,” said Addy.

“Good to know,” I said. “If things go down, you be ready to back me up.”

“Of course,” Addy said.

Mio gasped. “What?”

“I'm just fucking with you,” I said, staring at Myra. She had two members of her drama club sitting with her, Manami and Giuliana. Two futas who just might be the enemy. I had to figure that out. How?

I whispered to the two futa-mages. “Can you two cast telepathy magic. Like, read minds sort of shit?”

“No, no,” Addy said. “Our magic's more external. We can manipulate Light, Dark, Water, Fire, Air, Earth, and Lightning with simple commands like Hold, Release, Imbue, Deceive, Unleash, and Manipulate.”

“Deceive. What does that let you do.”

“Make traps, blind, turn things invisible, make poison, even paralyze a person.”

“Interesting.” I rolled my shoulders. “Well, let's just pay attention. We have to figure out if Ella and her harem is our—”

“Saffron,” Ms. Hailey called, “please pay attention. You two, Mio and Addy. I expect you all to get your verb tenses straight. This will be important for your grade.”

I sighed. I had to figure this out, but it looked like I was in for an hour of boring Latin. Maybe there was a way to get Myra alone to question her. I couldn't do anything mean to her. I would have to be subtle.

Unless this wasn't the time for subtlety. What if this was the time to do something bold. Something that would unnerve them and make them react in a way that would be useful to figure something out. I tapped my finger.

“Addy, you said you can make something invisible,” I whispered as softly as I could. “Could you make an illusion?”

“Yes,” Addy said back softly. She pushed up her glasses. “What are you thinking?”

“That if I was to ask you to make it look like Ella had walked in and ordered Myra to fuck, oh, say, Ms. Hailey before the entire class, could you do that?”

“It would be complicated,” whispered Addy. “I would need support. It would take two of us to make that work. Multiple illusions.”

“Good thing there are two of you. I want to see how Myra reacts when you do this. If she'll obey, object, or even see through the illusion. Make sure you are assertive. Don't let her get away with it.”

“We'll need a focus,” Mio said and then shoved her hand beneath my desk. She slid it up my thigh. I gasped at her touch. My pussy clenched at the heat rushing through me. A moment later, Addy's hand joined Mio's. I swallowed as their hands climbed higher and higher. Then they reached my panties.

They shoved my crotch to the side and pulled my futa-cock out. It tented the front of my tartan skirt. Their two hands gripped me, holding me tight. I shuddered, my cock twitching and throbbing in their grip.

“Arehdna Rehpareh,” they whispered, eyes closed.

My cock twitched in their hands. I gasped at the feel of them squeezing about me. My pussy clenched. Then, from the depths of my snatch, my ovaries burst. Cum shot out of my cock. Or it should have. I grit my teeth to cry out as I dry orgasmed. What had happened to my jizz? 

Pleasure slammed into my mind. My pussy convulsed as my cock kept erupting and not spurting a single drop of futa-cum. Stars danced before me. Waves of delight washed through my body and ecstasy fired through my flesh. My mind drank it in.

The door opened and Ella strode in, her feet clicking on the ground. Her red hair spilled behind her. Ms. Hailey, Myra, Manami, Giuliana, Chelsea, and Mary Jo all stiffened. The latter two were members of the volleyball team.

“Myra, fuck Ms. Hailey right now,” Ella ordered while Addy's lips moved without saying a word.

“B-but, my Goddess, we're—”

“Now!” Ella's words cracked through the room. 

The girls in the class all looked shocked. Guadeloupe and Méline from the cheer squad perked up in their chairs. They could be trusted. They were Lada's. They were on the good side of things. That was comforting to have them here.

“Y-yes, my Goddess,” Myra said and stood up. She swallowed, the entire class staring at her. she then unzipped her skirt and let it fall. She wasn't wearing panties beneath. Her golden-brown ass had delicious curves to it. She turned and I saw her cock growing. Her clit was sprouting into that big, beautiful cock. “Ms. Hailey, bend over and accept my cock.”

“Yes, Lady Myra,” the teacher gasped.

To the class's astonishment, Ms. Hailey bent over her desk and hiked her skirt. Then they were pointing at Myra's bouncing girl-cock. She really could make it come and go at will. I thought maybe Ella controlled it.

They merely needed her permission to grow them, and Myra thought she had it.

I shuddered as I watched, my futa-dick twitching in Mio's and Addy's hands. They stroked up and down me as I kept erupting and yet nothing fired from me. My pussy convulsed, the pleasure rushing through my body. 

A wave of dizziness washed over me along with another powerful jolt of ecstasy that slammed into my mind.

I squirmed. Trembled. I watched a Myra moved behind the teacher. She lined up and then thrust. Ms. Hailey's face twisted in rapture. She grabbed the edge of her desk as she was screwed by Myra. The Hispanic girl pumped away hard and fast.

“What is going on?” someone called out.

“How did she grow a cock?”

“Why are they fucking like that? This is weird. What is going on?”

I smiled, watching Myra slam her girl-cock over and over into Ms. Hailey's cunt. She fucked the teacher with passion while the illusion of Ella watched on. There would be ripples from this, but it was a good time to get some information.

“Have the... illusion say... 'How did the ritual go. Is Convergence a go?'”

Addy tightened her grip then her lips moved but no sound came out. I gasped, my outburst going unnoticed as everyone watched the fucking. Pleasure shot hard through me, slamming into my brain. Stars burst.

“How did the ritual go,” Ella-Illusion said. “Is Convergence a go?”

“I thought... Mrs. Bean... told you...” moaned Ms. Hailey. “It went... perfectly... Oh, my Goddess, Myra's fucking me so hard. Ooh, yes, yes.”

I slumped back into my chair, my breasts rising and falling. Waves of darkness fired through me as I kept dry-cumming. My pussy convulsed, soaking my panties. The pleasure inundated my mind. Jolts of ecstasy erupted from my cock again and again.

“Ask her...” I panted. “Ask her... what it's... The...”

It was getting hard to speak. I groaned and leaned forward. I stared down at my desk, sweat spilling off my brow. Ms. Hailey's moans and Myra's groans echoed through the classroom as I struggled to focus.

“We have to end the ritual,” Mio said.

“No!” I hissed. “We need...” I spasmed again, more spurts of none-cum firing from my cock. The classroom spun around me.

“It's over,” Mio whispered. “Addy!”

Addy's lips moved. “Good, good. You two keep fucking. Later.”

“Later?” I groaned as the fake Ella appeared to open the door and step out. The moment it closed, the futa-mages released my cock.

I gasped, the orgasm dying immediately. I gripped my desk, struggling to breathe. I wanted to lay my head down on my arms and pass out. I had nothing left like I had just run a marathon and wanted to fall dead.

“We needed... to keep... going...” I whimpered.

“No,” Addy spoke so firmly. “Mio's right, we're not endangering your life. You're Virginia's twin sister. We have a responsibility.”

“Fine.” I couldn't argue. That took too much effort.

I blinked, the moans of Myra and Ms. Hailey mixing with the chatter of the astonished girls. The classroom watched on while I groaned. My heart pounded so fast. That illusion was awesome, but that price. Damn.

“I'm going to cum!” Ms. Hailey moaned. “Oh, my god, I'm going to cum so hard.”

“Yes, yes, cum!” Myra moaned. “Just explode. Let me feel your pussy going wield around my girl-cock. I'm going to cum in you, Ms. Hailey!”

The teacher threw back her head and cried out in ecstasy. Myra thrust forward and then she trembled. Both were moaning their rapture. Myra's face twisted in delight. My girl-cock, still thrust out of my panties, twitched and throbbed.

It was so hot to watch them cum. I would have fucked myself with my flexible dick if I had the energy. Instead, I just waited in a half-daze. It was clear that Ella had control over her followers. They obeyed her without question. That was good to know.

But why? What was their plan? What was Convergence?

“Oh, Ms. Hailey,” panted Myra. “Wow, that was great. Ooh, I hope you girls all saw the gift that Ella can give you. Be her loyal follower, and you can have a futa-cock.”

That didn't sound good. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Virginia Homewood

I scrambled to my feet and found Mrs. Bean standing behind me. She stared at me, her eyes flicking up and down. I felt the cum spilling down my cheeks. More clung to my tits and soaked into my bra and blouse. I swallowed.

“Is that... semen on your face?” the teacher asked, disgust flicking across her features. “Did you sneak a boy in here, Virginia?”

“I...” I swallowed. “Yes.”

“Why would you do something like that?” she asked. “And in the middle of the hallway. Are you some sort of...” Her words trailed off.

“Yes, I'm a pervert,” I groaned. “Please, please, I won't do it again.”

The teacher grabbed the hem of my skirt and lifted it. She stared at my cock thrusting out the top. Then she shot her gaze up at me. “Why do you have your cock grown unless...” Fear crossed her face. “No, you?”

I gulped. “Er, me?”

“The Dark One.” She swallowed. “You're here.”

“Wait, no, I'm not the Dark One!” I gasped. “I'm—”

“Jaag Ahkohd!” she chanted, pointing her finger at me.

Lighting flashed around me and suddenly every muscle in my body seized. I couldn't do anything. I was completely locked in place. My heart pounded in fear. Mrs. Bean looked around and swallowed. She wiped nervous hands off her skirt.

“Uyaav Rehpareh!” 

My body lifted off the floor. I would have screamed in shock, but I couldn't move a muscle. Not even my eyelids. I could breathe and my heart beat, but that was it. Fear flooded through me. I was utterly helpless.

She grabbed me by the hair and dragged me towards a classroom. It was easy. I floated along like I was a helium-filled balloon. Weightless. She pulled a key from her pocket and unlocked it. Then she dragged me inside. It was an empty classroom. She bit her lip and then she shoved me towards the back and left me floating there.

She looked scared, like she didn't know what to do. Then she darted out of the room. I heard it lock as I just floated there, unable to move. This was crazy. She rushed off. Then the bell rang. Third period was over. Lunch had begun.

I struggled to move. To think. To do anything. I had to get free. I had to get to my friends. But how? This was so crazy. What was going on here? Why would Mrs. Bean capture me? And call me Dark One? What was going on?

Tears spilled down my cheeks. I couldn't even call for help. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lada Volkov

“Well, shit, where is she?” I muttered as the lunch bell rang. Civics was over. 

I stood up and marched past Akane, the head of the volleyball team, talking with Ms. Bisset. I stalked into the hallway. Something had gone very, very wrong. Where had Virginia gone? I had to find Saffron and Brígida.

They would be at our lunch table.

I pushed through the crowd of girls, marching with purpose. Ocean and Suzan fell in around me, my cheer squad marching with me. They seemed to sense that I had a purpose. They were right with me as we headed down the stairs.

“Hey!” Saffron shouted.

She was hurrying down the stairs, Addy and Mio right behind her. Plus Guadeloupe and Méline were hurrying behind them, two more members of my cheer squad. Those two had very naughty smiles on.

“You look like you're about to pass out,” I said to Saffron. Her face was pale.

“Just was the focus of a gnarly spell,” she said. “Did Virginia ever show back up?”

“No,” I growled. “I'm getting worried. We need to find Brígida. She's got to know something that can help.”

“I'm not sure she can,” Addy said. “I don't know any spell that can do that. Track a person. They're more combat-oriented.”

“Fuck!” I smacked my hand into my fist. “How about in crossing over to the fantasy world. Virginia's got to be on the other side.”

“There's Brígida!” I waved at her. The nerdy girl was standing and waiting. She looked up and pushed up her glasses. Her golden-brown face lit up. She rushed towards us.

“We have a big problem,” Saffron said when Brígida arrived.

“Cross over to the other world, huh?” Brígida said after we'd explained things to her. “That's a pickle. Let me think if we can't figure this out.”

“We have to find her,” I said, my futa-cock so hard.

“We will.” Brígida closed her eyes. “I think we need faith. That's it. Faith.”

“Er, faith?” Saffron asked.

“Faith!” 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Aria Dennell

“Thank you all for coming here during the lunch period,” I said to my girls. “I have such wonderful news for you. You are all going to be futa-concubines to Lady Virginia, the hero that is going to save us all.”

“The Seven Harmonious Goddess be praised,” moaned Tamera as she stood before me.

We were in the home ec lab. It was a room built for cooking. It hadn't been used for a few years, the school had thought teaching girls how to cook and clean was sexist. But they were important skills that everyone should learn.

Especially future priestesses to Lady Virginia.

“Uh...” said Charlee. She was a blonde, her crucifix gleaming gold before her. “Are you two okay. I thought you said Goddess? And futa-concubine?”

“What's a futa?” asked Chelle. She had long, lustrous, black hair. She looked confused as she sat on her stool. 

“No, no, concubine?” gasped Georgiana. The redhead shot us hard looks. “To Virginia? You mean Virginia Homewood?”

“Yes, I do,” I said, my hands on my hips. “You are all fortunate to have been gathered here, your virginities protected until your true destiny could be revealed.”

“As the Seven Harmonious Goddesses have foretold, so it shall begin,” Tamera said. “The Heroine has arisen to defeat the Demon Lord and set right all that is foul. And you shall be her concubines.”

“Okay, are you two... smoking pot?” whispered Avice. She had brassy-brown hair that tumbled about her face. She looked scared just saying that word.

“They have to be,” Jie said. The Chinese girl clutched at her cross. “What else could make them act like this.”

“Not Aria,” gasped Evelyn. She wore her brown hair in a thick braid that she had draped over her right shoulder. “She would never do that.”

“Of course not,” I said. I knew it was difficult for them to accept, but when they witnessed our blessed futa-dicks, that would change. “You are all confused. I understand. All will be made clear.”

“Like what futas are?” asked Karrie. The raven-haired girl wore her midnight locks in a pair of pigtails.

“And why do you think we'll be concubines?” asked Pita. “This isn't Old Testament times. One man and one woman.”

“She wants us to marry Virginia,” hissed Larissa. “It's fine of nonbelievers want to be gay, but we're all followers of Christ. That's not something we can do. What's wrong, Aria.”

“I have been brought into a new faith,” I said, staring at the girls. Some were standing up from their stools, looking about to leave. “One that has taught me about the beauty of feminine love and futanari passion. It is a miracle that I am here to share with you.” I clasped my hands together. “Oh, Harmonious Goddesses, I beseech you to show these beautiful girls proof of your power. Strip your priestesses naked with your loving light.”

The light blossomed in the room.

The girls all shouted. It was a light that was both bright but did not blind. It was a gentle radiance. I felt the work of all seven Goddesses in there, caressing over my body. My clothes melted away. My cock flopped free of my panties as did Tamera's.

Then the light passed and we were naked. All of us. The other members of my home ec club squealed in shock. They stared at each other's naked bodies and then down at their own. Avice's big breasts heaved as she tried to cover them. They were all squealing in shock.

“Where did our clothes go,” gasped Chelle.

“H-how is that possible?” moaned Jie.

“This is crazy!” whimpered Georgiana. “This cannot be happening.”

“Give us back our clothes!” gasped Karrie. “Right...” Her words trailed off as she stared at us. Or, more specifically, at my ebony futa-cock thrusting out of my bush. “What the heck is that, Aria?”

“That's my clit-dick,” I said. “The gift bestowed upon me by Lady Virginia. From it, I shall bless you all and induct you into her futa-harem as her loving priestesses.”

“She blessed me,” Tamera said, her hand stroking her girl-cock. She pumped up and down it. “Look at what my clit has become. A majestic futa-dick.”

“This is insane,” whimpered Pita.

“No, no, no,” gasped Avice, her head shaking. “You can't have that. It's not possible. You can't have a cock.”

“A big cock,” whispered Larissa. She stared at my dick, her short, brown hair spilling about her face.

“I do!” I said. “And so can you. Who shall be the first to receive my blessing. Fall to your knees before me, present your ass and pussy, and be blessed.”

“I...” Karrie darted forward, her black pigtails swaying. “I can't help it. I'm so horny all the time. I try to be pure, but I masturbate every chance I get thinking about cocks. Black cocks. I want a Black guy to fuck me and... and...

“You're so huge, Aria!”

Karrie turned and fell on her hands and knees before me. She pressed her cheek to the floor, her ass thrust up into the air at me. The other girls gasped. Avice clapped her hands to her mouth, exposing the bounty of her large breasts.

I smiled and fell to my knees behind her. My beaded braids clattered and clacked together. I pressed my dark cock into her black bush. Her silky curls slid over my dick. Then I felt the wet folds of her pussy. She had such a juicy twat.

This would be exquisite.

I pressed my cock into her pussy lips. I felt no hymen, but if she masturbated frequently she had no doubt broken hers with her activities. Sill, I was the first dick to slide into her and bless her. I shuddered as the joy of Lady Eenoy's blessing met Lady Gnila's. Pussy and cock were created to come together.

I threw back my head and moaned as I entered her pussy. She gasped and squeezed her cunt down around me. Her hot flesh held me. I shuddered, loving this bliss. I sank deeper and deeper into her White cunt. The friction was exquisite.

“Aria!” she gasped and pressed up with her arms, lifting her head. Her pigtails swayed.

I seized them with my ebony fingers. I held her pigtails like they were handles and drew back my cock. She moaned, her cunt squeezing down on my shaft. My round breasts jiggled as I thrust back into her cunt.

“Oh, wow!” gasped Karrie. Her pussy squeezed so tight about me. “Oh, yes, yes, that's amazing.”

“I... I...” Then Jie darted forward and fell to her knees before Tamera. She grabbed my fellow futa's cock. The Chinese girl swallowed that White dick with hunger.

“Jie!” groaned Chelle. “And look at Karrie.”

“She's being taken by a woman,” whimpered Charlee. “Oh, wow, this is really happening.”

“It is!” I moaned, my beaded braids clattering as I fucked Karrie with harder strokes. I held her pigtails and drove into her. “She is about to be blessed by my futa-cum and inducted into the futa-harem. You all are.”

“Yes!” moaned Karrie.

Her pussy squeezed about my cock. I loved it as I pumped away at her. I fucked her with force. I buried into her again and again. Her cunt gripped my cock. She held me tight. I loved the way her pussy massaged me.

It was exquisite. I groaned, the ache building at the tip of my futa-dick. The heat flowed down to my pussy. I loved how my cunt grew hotter and hotter. I smiled, savoring the way her cunt clenched down on me.

She held me tight. I drilled into her. I fucked her hard and fast. I buried to the hilt in her again and again. I loved the feel of her pigtails in my hands as I thrust hard into her. My Black dick plunged into the White girl's cunt.

“Oh, yes, yes!” Tamera moaned as Jie blew her. “That's it. Use that tongue. Ooh, just like that. You're going to get to drink my cum.”

“This is surreal,” whimpered Avice. She squeezed her big boobs.

“It's making me so wet,” moaned Chelle. Her hands slid lower and lower down her stomach.

“Why am I so turned on?” Larissa asked. “This... I... They have cocks! Cocks!”

“I know,” whimpered Georgiana.

“This feels like a dream,” moaned Pita. “Right. It has to be a dream.”

“It's not!” squealed Karrie as I thrust into her pussy.

It definitely was not. I savored the feel of her pussy squeezing about my cock. She felt so wonderful. I groaned, thrusting away at her pussy, my ebony cock ramming into her pussy again and again. I gripped her pigtails, pulling on them as I pounded her.

Tamera moaned as she savored Jie's blowjob. The Chinese girl blew the White futa with such enthusiasm. The other girls were all rubbing their cunts now and squeezing their breasts. They watched on with fascination as I pounded Karrie's cunt.

“Yes, yes, yes!” I moaned, pumping away at her snatch. I fucked her with passion. I buried hard into her. “It's so good!” 

Her pussy clenched about me. She held on tight as I plunged into her over and over again. I fucked her with such passion. I buried into her . I loved the way her pussy clung to me. She massaged me. It was amazing. Wonderful.

“Yes, yes, that's so good,” I moaned, my cock thrusting away hard and fast. “Ooh, yes, yes, just amazing. You're going to make me cum!”

“I'm so happy!” she moaned, clenching her cunt around my girl-cock. “I want to feel that wonderful moment. Ooh, yes, yes, I want your spunk firing into  me. Just keep hammering me. Make me cum so hard!”

I thrust away at her. I fucked her with passion. I loved the way her cunt clenched about me. She held me tight. It was magnificent. I loved plunging into her over and over again. I thrust into her deep. Hard. 

My ovaries tightened. They brimmed with cum. I would fire so much jizz. I would just erupt. It would be magnificent. She rocked back into me, her butt-cheeks rippling from the impact with my crotch. My beads clattered.

I slammed into her and she squealed, “Aria!”

Her pussy went wild around my girl-cock. I loved the way her flesh spasmed. Her cunt suckled at me. This was incredible. I shuddered, whimpering. I groaned, the pleasure swelling and swelling in me. This was awesome.

“Oh, Karrie!” I moaned as I drew back, her pussy convulsing about my dick. She massaged me in just the right way. I thrust back into her. “Oh, yes, yes, I love this!”

I exploded into her cunt. I pumped my spunk into her over and over again. I flooded her with my spunk and my power. The blessing from Lady Virginia jetted out of my cock and into her snatch. I basted her with that delight.

“Aria!” she gasped, her pussy spasming harder. “Oh, I can feel it!”

I filled her to the brim with my jizz. I groaned, the pleasure spilling over me. It was such an amazing delight. I loved every moment of it spurting into her. Her pussy suckled at my dick. My round breasts quivered.

A big smile grew on my lips. I spurted a final time into her cunt. It was so amazing. I loved every bit of this. I danced my head from side to side. I loved every moment of it. This was the sort of rapture that I craved. 

I released her pigtails and shot my hands around. I reached beneath her and grabbed her growing girl-cock. That was a wonderful delight to feel sprouting. It grew out of her snatch. It was fantastic to feel her growing.

“Do you know who the Seven Harmonious Goddesses are?” I gasped.

“I do!” Karrie moaned. “I'm their priestess and futa-concubine to Lady Virginia. In the name of the Seven, I am hers!”

“Look!” gasped Pita, her fingers rubbing at her pussy. “She's got a cock. Karrie grew a cock.”

“Praise Gnila!” moaned Tamera. “And praise Jeeba for her Blessed Seed!” She threw back her head. “Swallow it, Jie!”

Jie gulped down Tamera's cum. I smiled and rose, my cock sliding out of that tight, hot pussy I had just been fucking. A shiver of delight ran through me as I stood up. My cock bobbed before me. It was amazing to have this wonderful dick twitching before me. Just such a fascinating delight. I loved it. I sank on the floor.

“Who shall be blessed next? Sit on my cock, and I shall gift you!” I moaned.

Avice and Charlee darted to me, Avice's big boobs heaving. She reached me first and straddled me, brassy hair spilling about her face. Charlee gasped in annoyance, staring down at Avice grabbing my dick soaked in Karrie's juice.

“Sit on my face,” I moaned. “I will lick your pussy and make you cum as Avice finds her delight on m futa-dick.”

“Oh, yes!” Charlee moaned, no longer caring that this would be lesbianism. She sank her blonde bush on my face. Her tart juice spilled into my mouth. 

I licked at her as Avice pressed her curls into my cock. I shuddered at the feel of her rubbing her hot cunt against my dick. A moment later, I felt her hymen. A true virgin. She moaned as she sank herself down my cock. She pushed down hard.

Avice moaned as her cherry popped. 

She squealed as she impaled herself down my cock. I moaned into Charlee's tangy pussy. I licked at her, savoring that wonderful flavor. My tongue brushed her hymen, too. That was so wonderful. Avice moaned, her pussy clenching down around me.

My hands grabbed her hips. I tongued her as I heard other moans. The girls were staring at Karrie's new cock. I heard sucking. Tamera and Karrie were both moaning. I didn't know who was loving their cocks, but I was so proud of my home ec club.

They would be bathed in the light and love of the Seven Harmonious Goddesses, the new priesthood that would serve Lady Virginia and help her defeat the Demon Lord.

My futa-cock throbbed in Avice's cunt as she worked her pussy up and down my dick. She rode me, gasping and moaning. Charlee's cute butt-cheeks clenched before my face. She moaned, too. She gasped and groaned, sounding like she was enjoying herself so much. That was what I wanted to hear. My heart beat with such joy for her.

My tongue licked through that wonderful twat. I licked up every drop of pussy cream my wicked tongue could find. I caressed her. Teased her. Loved the taste of her tart cream. She whimpered, her blonde hair dancing down her back.

“Oh, Aria,” Avice moaned. “Your pussy is making my pussy feel so good.”

“So is your tongue!” Charlee shuddered. “Oh, yes, yes, I'm going to have naughty feelings. Ooh, yes, yes, keep licking me.”

I brushed her clit over and over as I licked at her. I loved the way she squirmed on me. She tasted so good. Such a wonderful pussy to lick. I lapped at her. My tongue darted through her folds. I lapped at her with such hunger.

I feasted on her cunt. My tongue drove through her pussy folds. I loved every moment of licking at her. I lapped with such ferocity. I savored the taste of her. I loved every moment of licking and lapping and devouring her as Avice rode my cock. 

The ache built and built at the tip of my cock. The busty Avice worked her pussy up and down my ebony cock. The White girl rode me with such passion. It was fantastic to experience. My tongue caressed through Charlee's folds as Avice plunged her cunt down my cock.

“Yes, yes, yes!” she moaned. “Oh, my god, yes, that's so good! I'm going to cum on your cock!”

“Cum on her!” groaned Charlee. “Because...” 

I licked her clit. 

“Yes!”

Her pussy juices gushed into my mouth. I groaned, loving the taste of her cunt cream. Avice squeezed her hot and juicy twat up my futa-cock. Then she impaled down me, her silky flesh engulfing me. Her cunt convulsed around me.

“Oh, yes, yes!” she moaned.

“Seven Harmonious Goddesses!” I gasped and erupted into her cunt.

Then the door to the home ec club burst open.

To be continued...
