Perfect.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Academy, Part 5 (Mf+, bi, interr, mc, nc, impreg)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Griff knew today was the day. Treena had been edging him for the last few days, bringing him close to orgasm but not letting him cum. He could barely concentrate on his lessons because it felt like his brain was boiling in backed-up semen. When the lunch bell rang he flopped into his chair and ordered Ariel, Penelope, and Hadiza, Treena's bullies, to remain behind.

Treena closed the classroom door and sauntered back to his desk. "Now, Penelope, you have something you want to share with the group?" she asked as she smiled up at the tall, pretty blonde.

Penelope looked fearful. "Um, my period's late. It's never late, Mr. Parr."

He stared at her. "Oh, shit."

"One down, and now it's Ariel's turn," Treena revealed with a malicious grin.

"No, no..." Ariel muttered as she backed up towards the door.

Griff stood up. "Take off your clothes and climb onto the desk, Ariel."

She stopped moving. "Mr. Parr...please..."

"Now."

"Nngk..." The gorgeous 16-year-old redhead struggled, fighting her arms as they removed first her blouse, skirt, underwear, socks, and finally her bra, revealing her perky, barely B-cup breasts. Her light pink nipples crinkled up in the cool air of the classroom.

Griff wound up and smacked her ass, propelling her toward the desk. She lay on her back, but Griff thought for a moment before turning her onto her side, one knee up, with her ass hanging slightly over the edge. This gave him perfect access to her slit, though unlike the other girls over the last few weeks as their bodies had warmed up to his dick, her genitals were dry. "Hadiza, lick Ariel until she's ready," he commanded the curvy girl.

"I don't...like this..." Ariel growled out as her friend licked her pussy, but she couldn't do anything but lay there as commanded. When Griff was satisfied at how much the redhead's 'innie' vaginal lips opened up from Hadiza's oral ministrations, he sent the dark-skinned girl back to sit in the desks and lined his thin six inch erection up before pushing it inside Ariel's prone body.

"Nooo..." she moaned as her teacher once again defiled her. Unlike the first time, when he deflowered her weeks ago, though, it didn't hurt. Her mind fought against how her body seemed to almost welcome Griff's hard babymaker inside her. She could feel her nipples getting even harder.

Griff took a hold of Ariel's raised leg and used it as leverage to thrust harder into her, making her grunt each time. He could feel her insides moistening up, allowing him greater access to her forbidden treasures, and he took advantage of that, thrusting fast and deep. "Arhh!" he cried out, delving as deeply as he could as several days' worth of sperm burst from his loins and blasted Ariel's unprotected insides.

"Nooo..." she moaned as she felt the throbbing of her teacher's hot cum deep inside her. It seemed to go on forever. Then he was thrusting within her again.

Treena came up beside her. "Looks like he's going for a double header, Ariel. There's no way you're leaving this room without a 'bun in yer oven' like Penelope."

Ariel cried, her makeup leaving dark smudgy trails along her cheeks. As her teacher thrust into her for several more minutes, though, something shifted inside her...she could feel a tickling, like an itch that she never knew she could have, and Mr. Parr's penis was almost scratching it as he plundered her young body. Though she was still upset, her inability to do anything but what her teacher told her left her with little options. Unconsciously, she adjusted the position of her hips, and on his next thrust it felt better. "Oh." Her eyes widened. His next few thrusts felt even better, and she arched her back a little to chase that sensation. He was definitely scratching that itch now...she had never felt anything like it.

Treena came up next to her teacher and whispered into his ear. He turned to the sitting girls. "Penelope, get up here and suck on Ariel's nipples," he commanded the blonde, and she leapt forward to obey.

"No, I don't waaa..." Ariel moaned as her friend took one of her pointy nipples into her mouth. "...aaooohhh..." With this new stimulation, combined with Mr. Parr's thrusts, she could feel something building deep inside her. "Ohh...ohhh...AAAHH!!" She arched her hips as her orgasm exploded from within, overwhelming her teen body. Her tongue lolled out of her open mouth.

"Yeah! Cum on my cock!" Griff yelled. "Take my sperm, bitch!" He hammered into her defenseless body as his second orgasm filled her. There wasn't as much semen the second time around, but with the massive amount he had shot into her earlier pressing insistently against her now spasming cervix, quite a few of his boys slipped through into her unprotected insides, searching for her inevitable egg.

"Guh...guhh..." Ariel gurgled as her orgasm waned. It had felt even better as he came inside her the second time while her friend continued to suck on her breasts.

"Ohmygod!"

Griff turned to see Paula the librarian in the doorway, her hand over her mouth, eyes wide behind her glasses.

Treena leveled her gaze at the newcomer. "Nope."

Paula blinked and her face went slack. "Nope," she repeated, and stepped back outside, closing the door behind her.

"You can stop sucking now," Griff advised Penelope, and she pulled back with an audible smack.

"It's easy when they don't want to acknowledge what they're seeing, like Ms. Paula there; cognitive dissonance," Treena explained to him. "That's how I keep these three from calling the cops. What we're doing here is like a bad dream that their minds don't fully accept as real. Looks like they're learning enough from your 'lessons', though, as they haven't been bullying me lately."

Griff pulled out, making Ariel gasp. A flood of thick white liquid followed, but he knew there was far more still inside her. With post-nut clarity, he turned back to the slim, mind-controlling girl. "This won't end well, Treena."

"Hm," she responded noncommittally.

---

After class, Treena brought Mr. Parr and Ariel back to the storage room where he had first spanked the redheaded bully. There, she had him repeat that punishment, smacking Ariel's ass ten times before he commanded the sexy teen to ride him. She came twice, the second time as she felt her teacher fill her defenseless reproductive system with another dangerous load of forbidden sperm.

After that, Griff was left to his own devices. At dinner, he thought back to the post-hypnotic command Treena had given him: to not be able to tell any of the teachers or students, or anyone outside of the school, what she had been doing. Then he paused, eyes wide, and rushed upstairs.

"Ms. Ferguson?" Griff burst into the woman's office.

The auburn-haired school administrator didn't look up from her desk as she wrote away. "Just leave it there."

"What? No, I don't have your dinner, Ms. Ferguson..." Griff started forward.

The woman looked up and leveled him with that piercing gaze. "Please leave."

"Ms. Ferguson..."

She stood up, her finger pointing at him. "GET OUT!"

He stood his ground. "NO! I need to tell you something important."

The woman sat back down and started writing again.

Griff stepped forward again. "Please...it's about Treena..."

"Just leave it there."

He stopped. "Uh...what?"

She looked up again. "Please leave."

Griff was getting a huge deja vu vibe. "Ms. Ferguson...?"

She stood up once again, full of a fury that he realized rang false, "GET OUT!" Then, a few seconds later, she sat back down to write again.

Griff just stood there, dumbfounded.

"Oh, there you are."

Griff startled, flinching away as Treena appeared next to him.

"Very clever, Mr. Parr. As administrator, Ms. Ferguson doesn't count as a teacher, so you could tell her what I've been up to...well, if she still had a mind, anyway." The slim girl moved alongside the older woman's desk and Griff did the same on the other side.

He looked down at what Ms. Ferguson had been writing. It was those same three things she had repeated to him after he entered the room, over and over. "What did you do, Treena?"

She looked up at him with intensity. "Remember I said that I had experimented with my power with some mixed results? After Ms. Ferguson had been overruled by the school board in getting the bullies expelled, I tried influencing her to punish them herself, but I have trouble forcing strong-willed people into doing things that they don't want to do. I pushed, hard, and broke her...and I couldn't put Humpty Dumpty back together again." Treena patted the older woman on the head. "She'll eat, go to the bathroom, shower and sleep, but otherwise she's in this loop I set up for her, unless I get involved directly. I was the one conducting your interview, through her. Ms. Ferguson's just not here anymore. She lives on campus and has no family, so I got lucky there."

Griff came around the desk and knelt in front of the slim student. "Treena, listen to me...when those girls start showing, it'll be obvious that the only man in the school is the father. I'll go to jail."

She looked uncertain. "I didn't really think that far ahead."

"Please," he urged her, "I have to leave, and I want you to come with me."

"You...want me with you? I don't want to leave...I want to become a psychoanalyst..."

He took her hand in his. "I'm a teacher! I can help you complete your education, and you can go to university afterward, but we have to get out of here...change our names..."

"But I want to stay here and see those girls get all big with your babies, Mr. Parr..."

"PLEASE, Treena. I know you like me...I like you very much too. I don't want to go to jail..." He stared into those big blue eyes of hers.

"Okay, Mr. Parr."

---

They left the school that very night, traveling the country as father and daughter. She giggled when she called him 'Daddy' and he would roll his eyes. Her abilities allowed them to live under the radar and eventually obtain new identification using assumed names. They made love frequently, constantly traveling but always enjoying the adventure of it all.

And everything...

...was...

"...perfect," Griff said.

"What's this guy's deal?" the orderly asked as he rolled the passive Griffin Parr down the hall in a wheelchair. They stepped into the common area of the psychiatric facility.

"Nobody knows," the doctor on the other side of Griff responded. "He was found in his room at Pearson Girls' Academy, completely unresponsive other than the babbling; the guy's stuck in his own little world. He's a real piece of shit, though...apparently had a relationship with one of the students at his previous school."

"They hired this guy to work at a girls' academy? What the fuck?"

"Hey, I'm a doctor, not a school administrator."

"...perfect..." Griff repeated as a line of drool slipped out of his mouth.

---

Treena thought that the new teacher -- a woman, of course -- was okay, but certainly not as much fun as Mr. Parr. Her bullies continued to give their former quarry a wide berth.

Speaking of birth, she noted that in the few months since Mr. Parr left, both Penelope and Hadiza had gained a little weight, especially around their midsections, and smiled knowingly. With luck, Ariel would be following along soon. She was looking forward to seeing how those girls' bodies changed during their pregnancies.

So distracted was she by her victory that Treena didn't realize that she hadn't had a period in several months herself. Her stomach growled. She'd only eaten one piece of toast with eggs that morning. She decided that she'd have three hot dogs at lunch. She giggled...three wieners in buns...

...perfect.

---

Krosis' home on the web: https://storiesonline.net/a/krosis-of-the-collective

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)