Discovering Melanie
by Cave

Discovering Melanie Ch. 28 (Chapter 28)

Standing naked in Josy’s room, Melanie’s mind was busy contemplating what to have Josy wear to bed. Wearing just a top – of Melanie’s choice – to bed was Josy’s side of the deal where Melanie went out to the big mirror at the changing rooms the day before, while she was wearing nothing but a rather short top.

Melanie had brought a brief cut tank top, and while she hoped she could get Josy to wear that – and only that – to bed, she figured she’d give Josy a choice. She sifted through Josy’s closet, trying to find something interesting but suitable for sleeping.

After making a pass through Josy’s tops, she asked, “Do you have anything special?”

Josy, still fully dressed, seemed to hesitate before answering. “Bottom drawer. Under the gym clothes.”

Quickly finding what Josy must have meant, Melanie took out a sheer peach pink babydoll with matching panties. The bust and panties were intricate lace, the only non sheer parts. She loved it and hoped she could convince Josy to wear it. Her decision was made, and she laid it on the bed, putting her tank top next to it. She waited for Josy to pick.

“The babydoll, but with the panties,” Josy said, tentatively making eye contact with Melanie, as if asking whether that would be okay. She lowered her gaze back to the babydoll. “But, I can’t sleep in that, it’ll get ruined.”

“You could just sleep nude. That’s okay too.”

Josy looked at her incredulously.

“You don’t know what you’re missing. Try it some time.”

“I will try it… some other time. Can I choose something else?” Josy asked.

Josy had ignored the tank top, but Melanie held it up for her. It would barely reach Josy’s belly button.

“It’s too short.” Josy took the garment, switching her gaze between it and Melanie a few times. “Oh, fine, but turn around.”

Doing so, Melanie listened as Josy undressed and changed into the tank top. Then she heard the rustle of the blankets. Turning back, she joined Josy under the covers. They were facing each other.

“Why are you like this?” Melanie asked.

“We’re not all like you, Mel. Oh, I mean that in a good way. I love how you are.”

Melanie froze at the L-word.

“How you are,” Josy quickly emphasized, her face turning red. “You know what I mean!”

Smiling, Melanie nodded. Their hands found each other in the small space between their chests “Can I be big spoon again?”

Josy took a moment to think. “Okay,” she said, turning away. “But…”

“Uh huh,” Melanie could guess what Josy wanted to say. Behave. She moved up against Josy, feeling the wonderful warmth of their skin making contact. They rubbed their legs and feet together, spreading the warmth to their feet. She reached around Josy, her right hand joining Josy’s on her stomach.

“Is this new?” Josy asked, hand moving over the fabric of the short tank top. “It’s so nice, so soft.”

“Yes.”

They lay there, occasionally shifting their legs together and enjoying the close contact, until Josy broke the silence. “Mel, sometimes I wish you were a bit more…”

“What?”

Josy sighed. Instead of answering, she moved her hands to her chest, taking Melanie’s hand along. She pressed the back of Melanie’s hand between her breasts, holding it there.

Melanie wasn’t sure what to do. Was this on purpose?

“You know what next week is?” Josy asked.

“Uh… Halloween?”

“Exactly. I already have a costume for you.” Josy moved her hands again, and Melanie thought she felt a covered nipple against the back of her hand.

Distracted, Melanie had to think. “I don’t know… Does it include a mask?”

“Yes.”

“Hmmm, why do I suspect that’s all it is?”

Josy laughed. “You know me too well. But no. There’s more to it.”

“Oh, really. Go on.”

“Also heels,” Josy laughed again.

Melanie laughed as well, but she was imagining wearing just a mask and heels to a Halloween party.

Josy shifted a little, moving her hand out of Melanie’s and instead putting it on top. She sighed, moving Melanie’s hand, and placing it palm down on her left breast, before letting go. “Melanie,” she said, sounding exasperated.

Wait, what? Melanie was kicking herself for being so slow to understand. She carefully moved her hand over Josy’s breast, finding the hard nipple with her fingers. She circled it with her fingertips, teased it with soft caresses of her palm, and gently rolled it between thumb and finger. In return, she received a far more pleased sounding sigh from Josy.

Josy pushed her hips back, gently wiggling her butt, while reaching back with her right arm to caress Melanie’s bare hip.

They continued for a while, Melanie alternating between Josy’s breasts, wishing she could use both hands. In turn, she received happy little moans and sighs. She wondered if Josy wanted more, but thought she’d have to be careful not to go too fast, until Josy took her hand again.

“That was wonderful,” Josy whispered. “But perhaps it’s time to sleep.”

“Okay,” Melanie whispered. Feeling Josy let go of her hand, she moved it to Josy’s bare stomach with no resistance, leaving it there.

Soon after, they were asleep.

*****

Monday morning, there was little time for antics. Josy – still in bed – sent Melanie out to take her shower. At breakfast, Sophia asked Melanie about her phone, but she had forgotten to bring it.

Between classes and during lunch, Melanie caught wind of rumors about a streaker the previous Thursday. She was listening intently to the conversations. She heard that there was indeed video of the incident, but supposedly nothing that had captured even a half decent image of her face. The guy from the bus gave her an odd look after the last class before lunch, but she avoided eye contact. She could only hope he hadn’t seen much, couldn’t remember exactly, or wouldn’t be able to connect the dots.

At lunch, the talk about the streaker reached her table.

“Did you hear?” Sarah asked.

“I saw one of the vids. It was shaky and dark,” Cohen sighed.

Melanie held her head down, focusing on her lunch, but she did notice Brian giving her a funny look and decided on a distraction. “Are you okay to go running tomorrow?”

“Yes, I want to go,” Brian answered, his lips pursed and twisted up at the corners. “I have some energy to burn.”

Thankfully for Melanie, her little group didn’t continue talking about the streaker. She wondered if she might see a video of her bottomless run, but that would have to wait till it all died down, she reasoned.

*****

That evening, Melanie slept in her own bed because of her scheduled run with Brian. She missed Josy’s warmth, but they exchanged a few messages. Mostly about the streaker rumors. Josy seemed to be of the opinion that it wouldn’t be a problem, just something to enjoy.

Tuesday morning began with their run. After breakfast, Melanie was in her room, preparing her bag, when there was a knock on the door. “Come in.”

Elle opened the door and asked, “Do you have a moment?” After receiving a nod from Melanie, she stepped inside, closing the door. “You weren’t home yesterday morning. I wanted to talk about something.”

“Oh, I was at a friend’s place.”

“An intimate friend?” Elle winked. She continued as Melanie cleared her throat. “You don’t need to answer that. It’s not why I’m here.”

Melanie looked down at the ground, thankful that Elle wasn’t probing her for details regarding her overnight absence.

“Sunday before dinner…” Elle began. She smiled coyly as Melanie’s eyes went wide, staring at her. “I thought you might not have been aware, but I guess you knew exactly what you were doing.”

Melanie swallowed.

“You know Reese has a girlfriend, right?” Elle’s question sounded genuine.

“You saw?” Melanie fidgeted. “I mean, yes, I know.”

“It was hard to miss, the way you were sitting while she was looking at you.” Elle grinned. “I just wondered if it was on purpose.”

“I didn’t mean to. She asked me to… sit like that.”

Elle was looking her over in silence, and then nodded. “Just be careful with her. Between Reese and Alani, I don’t want to see you get hurt.”

Melanie stood there, not sure how to respond.

Elle turned to leave, opening the door. “I like that tunic dress though. Looked comfy.” She left, closing the door.

*****

In the evening Melanie again slept at Josy’s, and Wednesday morning at breakfast a few of Josy’s roommates were present, including Sophia. Although Melanie wore a chemise, no one batted an eye. Remembering Sophia’s latest request, she had her phone with her. Seeing the girl take note of it, they made eye contact and Sophia tilted her head towards the couch area. After picking up her breakfast, Sophia moved over to sit there.

The thought of following Sophia made Melanie feel hot, despite her state of dress. “Josy, could you…?”

Josy went to the counter, saying, “Of course.”

Melanie followed Sophia to the couch area, wondering what the girl had in mind.

Sophia sat down, whispering, “Can we look at the pictures?”

Since Sophia was the one who took them, that should be okay, Melanie reasoned as she sat down next to Sophia. She unlocked her phone, going into her secure folder’s gallery. Sophia held out her hand, and without even thinking about it, Melanie gave it to her.

Rather than opening the last taken, Sophia scrolled down to find the first of the series.

“Uhm, no,” Melanie whispered, halfheartedly reaching over to grab her phone.

Sophia had already scrolled past those she’d taken in the kitchen and was looking at thumbnails of a completely naked Melanie. “Oh, sorry!” To her credit, she scrolled back up to the kitchen pictures.

Melanie anxiously awaited Sophia’s reaction. With her face burning steadily, she watched along as Sophia flicked through the photos.

“You look so good in that,” Sophia whispered, indicating the chemise Melanie was wearing. “Maybe snap a few, surprise Josy?” She stood up from the couch, still holding the phone, to Melanie’s dismay.

Not wanting to make a scene, Melanie thought it over. ”Okay, a few. With Josy in the background.” That would be okay.

Sophia was smiling widely, indicating the couch that faced away from the kitchen. She held the phone, but seemed to be waiting for something. She gestured to Melanie and then to the kitchen, aiming the lens in that direction.

Melanie got up on the couch, sitting on her knees and leaning sideways, eyes toward the kitchen. She heard the click and turned towards it, smiling. Another click.

With some direction from Sophia, they took a few more of Melanie sitting in different poses, until Sophia suddenly sat down next to her.

Josy’s other two roommates were leaving the common room.

After they left, Melanie turned to the kitchen. “Josy? Almost done?”

“In a few. Got a surprise in the oven,” Josy called back.

Sophia grinned, and whispered, “Let’s do a few more, and give Josy a surprise right back. Lean over the back of the couch, and look towards her.”

After thinking for a moment, Melanie got up on the couch on her knees, facing the kitchen, leaning with her elbows on the backrest. Click.

Sophia made a lifting gesture with her free hand. Taking a deep breath and feeling the heat in her face, Melanie listened for anyone in the hallway. She lifted her chemise up to reveal half of her naked butt. She wished she had panties on, as this was a bit much. She heard the click of a picture and looked back. Another click.

Sophia repeated her earlier gesture, but Melanie shook her head. “For Josy.”

After a heavy sigh, Melanie lifted her chemise around her waist, revealing her naked butt in full. More clicks. She turned her head again.

“Lower it a bit.”

Melanie was happy to oblige, and after a short back and forth, she had the hem halfway her butt again.

“A better pose,” Sophia whispered. “Arch your back, yes like that. Push back a little. Perfect”

With growing embarrassment, Melanie steadied herself by spreading her knees on the couch, arching her back and pushing out her butt.

A few pictures later, Sophia drew her attention again. Lift up the hem again? Melanie didn’t know if she could do that with that pose. Her heart was beating faster at the thought.

“Josy will love it,” Sophia mouthed before grinning.

Very slowly, Melanie pulled up the hem. Her gaze was aimed at Josy, who was still busy in the kitchen. Click. Even higher. Click. Almost at the top of her butt. Click. Resting on her lower back. Click. She felt hot and closed her eyes. Calm down. That wasn’t working. She sank down onto the couch, turning to sit.

Sophia quickly sat down next to Melanie, handing back the phone. “That was great.”

Melanie smiled at her nervously.

“What were you guys doing?” Josy asked, coming their way with two plates of food.

Sophia pointed Josy to sit on Melanie’s other side. “Melanie has a surprise for you.”

“Oh?” Josy smiled, sitting down.

Melanie opened the gallery of her locked folder and went to the first picture Sophia had taken, leaning against the couch with Josy and her other roommates in the background. She held up her phone, letting them all look at the screen.

“Oh, that’s cute,” Josy whispered. “Wait, just now?”

“Yup,” Sophia answered, while Melanie blushed. “There’s more.”

Seeing the appreciation on Josy’s face, Melanie swallowed and slowly scrolled through the pictures. When she came to the first picture after she had arched her back, she gasped at how that pose made everything visible. Her pussy, slightly open, revealed her pink inner lips.

“Wow,” Josy said. She took the phone from a shocked Melanie and slowly scrolled through the pictures that were taken with Melanie in that position.

Melanie forced herself to look, growing more and more hot. “Don’t!” she said, as Josy zoomed in on her butt. She pointedly picked up her plate and began eating.

Josy looked up at her and said, “Okay, okay.” She locked the phone and picked up her own plate. “Uhm,” she began, drawing their attention.

“Ahh… yeah,” Sophia hesitated, sounding embarrassed. “Those last few were kind of an accident.”

“Uh huh,” Josy responded. “Nice surprise. Thank you, both.”

Melanie looked up, her heart warming at Josy’s smile. Turning towards Sophia, she exchanged a sheepish smile with her.

*****

Wednesday evening, Josy helped Melanie get her room ready for her new bed. Thursday morning was another run with Brian, so it was the last time Melanie slept alone in her single bed.

As expected, the bed was delivered on Thursday, during the day. Her parents had come to her room for the delivery and set up while she was at college. Coming home late that afternoon, the bed was all made up with new sheets.

Excited, Melanie messaged Josy. ‘My new bed! Want to come see it?’

Josy came over to admire the new, larger bed, but she was apprehensive about sleeping there, expressing worry about Melanie’s roommates finding out.

*****

Friday at lunch Sarah and Cohen brought up the subject of a Halloween party. With her mind on her new bed, Melanie had totally forgotten Halloween was the next day. She didn’t have an outfit ready yet, and was wondering what to do.

She avoided answering the others’ questions about what she was going to dress up as.

*****

Late Friday afternoon, Melanie remembered Josy wanted to go to the gym, but had canceled the previous Friday, so she sent her a message.

‘Are we going to the gym today?’

Josy replied soon after. ‘Not sure if I will.’

‘Why? Not feeling well again?’

‘No, I’m fine. Just wasn’t sure if you really wanted to.’

‘I wouldn’t ask if I didn’t.’ Melanie added a wink. After not getting a reply for more than a minute, she added, ‘come on, Josy, let’s go.’

‘Okay fine. Wear the CrossFit shorts with your new V-neck sports bra.’

Melanie thought about it. That sports bra showed a lot of cleavage and wasn’t suitable for running, but since they were going to the gym it would be okay.

They went to the gym together, Josy showing Melanie the way. The large changing rooms were separate for men and women, and they changed into their gym outfits.

Melanie had already put the V-neck on at home, and after taking off her blouse and pants, she was about to put the shorts on when Josy touched her arm and leaned in to whisper in her ear.

“No panties.”

Blushing, Melanie was relieved to see no one seemed to have heard. She shook her head.

The look of disappointment on Josy’s face surprised Melanie, making her pause. She looked around at the other women in the room, and seeing them all preoccupied, Melanie quickly took off her panties and hurried to put on her shorts.

Josy was beaming at her.

The gym wasn’t packed, but there were quite a few men and women of varying ages, mostly working out, but some were taking breaks. Josy waved at a trio of women across the room. “I often work out with them,” she explained.

After a solid hour of exercise, they had enough and went back to the changing room. It had become less crowded during that time and there was just one other woman in the room at that time.

Melanie took her time getting out of her sweaty outfit, choosing to get everything she needed for her shower laid out first. She noticed Josy delaying even more than she was, spending a lot of time laying out her regular clothes. “Aren’t you going to shower?” Melanie asked, hiding her nudity behind her towel, while the other woman went to shower.

Josy was blushing. “Uhm.”

“I’ll look the other way,” Melanie said in a low voice.

“I can’t ask that of you. Uhm… In the shower too?”

“Yes.”

“Last week you looked,” Josy said.

“Ah, I did.” Melanie thought for a moment. “Maybe… I promise… No, not promise. If I look without your permission… you can take my towel and all my clothes and wait outside for me.”

Josy gasped, then grinned. “Okay, but no getting angry if I do.”

“No getting angry at you. But only if I look.”

Josy nodded. “Okay. Go to the shower. I’ll be there in a moment.”

Melanie walked over to the shower area, hanging up her towel at the entrance and getting under a welcoming stream of hot water. She avoided looking at the entrance so Josy could come in.

“I’m here,” Josy announced herself, taking a shower right next to Melanie.

Melanie behaved herself, and managed to avoid looking in Josy’s direction, as difficult as it was. ‘Naked Josy. Right next to me,’ she thought.

The other woman left the shower area, leaving them alone there.

As Melanie soaped up her front, she suddenly felt Josy step up behind her, pressing herself against Mel’s back. Melanie felt Josy’s breasts against her, nipples rubbing over her skin as Josy moved. She gasped and felt Josy reach around with her arms, one hand on her lower abdomen and the other just below her breasts.

They heard a door opening. It sounded like the door to the gym, so someone might join them in the shower at any moment.

While one of Josy’s arms soaped her abdomen, the other replaced her own hands on her chest, spreading the soap all around her breasts and sliding over her nipples. Biting her lip in an attempt to stay quiet, Melanie melted in Josy’s embrace, loving the feeling of Josy soaping her front, from lower abdomen to her neck.

Meanwhile, Melanie was acutely aware of the sounds of someone undressing, followed by the sound of footsteps approaching the shower area. Josy pinched her nipples and then quickly disengaged, leaving a flustered Melanie trying to hide her arousal under the spray of the shower.

A moment later, Melanie heard Josy walk out and the other woman walking in. She turned to the wall to hide her rock hard nipples. After what she assumed was enough time for Josy to get dressed, she turned off the water and went to the wall where she’d left her towel. She gasped as she saw her towel was gone. Josy! Naked and dripping water, she looked around the corner to see Josy grinning at her, with both towels wrapped around her. “My towel, please.”

Teasing Melanie by keeping her towel just out of reach, Josy managed to get her out from behind the wall, but then handed it to her.

Josy grinned. “I wanted to make you walk to your clothes like that, but I guess the whole floor would get wet.”

Even though Josy appeared to have dried off already, she had Melanie turn away from her as they both dried off, and then even took Melanie’s towel away when she was done.

After walking back to their clothes, Melanie stood there. Naked with nothing to cover herself, she listened to the rustling of clothes behind her. Was Josy getting dressed yet? When could she turn around and get dressed herself?

“Here, take this,” Josy said.

Melanie reached behind her and felt some clothing being placed in her hands. Two small items. She took them and saw they were her socks. “Uhm, how about underwear?”

Josy huffed. “Take it or leave it,” she said, but then laughed.

Making sure she had a dry spot to stand, Melanie balanced on one foot to put on a sock, and then repeated the process for her other sock.

“I wish I could’ve put that on video.” Josy giggled. There were more sounds of rustling clothes. “Here.”

Taking the next item from Josy, Melanie was again frustrated. It was her blouse. “Can I have my bra?”

“I don’t see it here. No, you can’t turn around yet, you’ll just have to go without it.”

Although she was sure Josy wasn’t entirely truthful about her bra, Melanie decided that a blouse was better than remaining naked.

As she put on her blouse, she heard the shower turn off. The other woman there would soon join them, and Melanie didn’t want to be seen like this, being given her clothes piece by piece. “Can we hurry? My panties?”

“Tsk, it’s Friday evening, what’s the hurry?”

While Melanie couldn’t see it, she could practically hear Josy grinning behind her. She held out her hand behind her and felt what must be her pants. “Uhm, my panties?”

“I can’t find them.”

“I’m about to turn around, Josy!”

“Oh, I found your bra, give me your blouse so you can put it on.”

“No, no, not happening.” Melanie started on her pants. With the risk of losing her blouse again, she was no longer worried about her panties. She had her pants halfway up her legs when she heard and then saw the other woman coming back into the main changing area. Given the side profile of her naked butt, the woman would have no doubt Melanie was going commando. Whether from embarrassment, the effort of pulling up her pants, or both, Melanie knew she was turning bright red.

“Are you sure you’re not going to wear any underwear?” Josy asked in a voice that was just loud enough for the other woman to hear.

Melanie barely managed to stop herself from turning on the spot and throwing herself at Josy when she felt Josy step up close behind her.

“You were a good sport, Mel. You can turn around now,” Josy whispered in her ear.

Turning around, all Melanie’s frustrations were forgotten. To her surprise, Josy wasn’t fully dressed yet. Her blouse hung open, showing her bra-clad breasts and other than that was only wearing her panties.

“Here, keep yourself busy while I finish dressing.”

It took a moment to register what Josy was saying, and Melanie felt something being pushed in her hands again. Her bra. She rolled her eyes, but was amused nonetheless. She enjoyed watching Josy dress, while she busied herself putting on her bra. Though it meant getting topless again for a moment, she accepted the additional exposure. By the time she was done, Josy was fully dressed.

Two more women came in from the gym area while Melanie was putting her shoes on. Josy was barely containing a laugh as she offered Melanie her panties.

Melanie gave her an exasperated look. Not wanting the others to see, she quickly stuffed them in her pocket.

At the exit, Josy paused. “I’m hungry, shall we get a bite to eat?” She looked embarrassed for a moment, as she added, “uhm, were you going running tomorrow?”

“Ah, I was going to, but I might ask Brian if we can move it to Sunday. Why?”

“Let’s talk after we have some food,” Josy said, as her face changed into a grin.

Melanie became instantly nervous, suspecting a trick. “What? Where are we going?”

“Somewhere public,” Josy winked.

