Dave ended up not being able to call her from Detroit...or Windsor...or the Turner pig farm. He was too busy babysitting a self-absorbed, narcissistic, homicidal quadriplegic to even think about making phone calls about the younger agent he was trying to push into...what? What was it he was trying to accomplish, anyway?

He studied Derek from across the jet as they flew home. Derek didn't look angry so much as despondent. It wasn't a good look for him. Dave couldn't think of a time that he'd seen Derek not respond with anger to things like this. Dave understood--it was easier to be angry about things than to allow yourself to display emotions like sorrow, fear, or helplessness. Dave had gotten used to the way Derek punched things to vent some of his emotions. At the same time, he knew Derek was more than just a shallow jock, and sometimes he wished the younger man would let that show.

Derek's strength was attractive, but the strength and the charm both seemed to be mechanisms to keep everyone at arm's length. No one ever got to see the real Derek Morgan, because he had to trust someone to show them the real him. It was discouraging. Dave was very much a what-you-see-is-what-you-get kind of guy. Okay, yes, maybe he could be a softie underneath his gruff, in-your-face exterior, but he'd never really denied that, either.

"Hey. You got a minute?"

Dave jerked out of his thoughts and looked up to see Emily watching him. She was holding two cups. "Sure," he said, shifting so she could join him on the couch. "What's up?"

She settled down and held out one of the cups. "You're watching Derek."

Dave raised his eyebrows and thanked God he was too old and experienced to blush. "That's what you want to talk about?"

She shrugged and sipped her own coffee. "I've been watching him too. We were talking, earlier today while we were out looking for Kelly. He said he had to get away from that barn." She kept her voice low.

Dave nodded. "He's taking this kind of hard, isn't he?" he murmured.

"I think so. I'm worried about him. And I figured since you've been watching him all night, maybe you're worried about him too. Could you talk to him or something?"

Dave's eyebrows went up again. "Me? Emily, he's a lot less likely to listen to me than he is to listen to you. For one thing, you two are friends."

She frowned. "He likes you, Dave. I think he admires you." She shrugged. "Even if he'd never admit it."

Dave chuckled. "Alpha males. Aaron and I have always done well together because he doesn't have much ego but he's not afraid to kick my ass when necessary. Derek..." He trailed off and shrugged. "I don't know, but I think you'd be better off talking to him." He patted her arm. "Just go sit with him. Listen if he talks. Being there for him is the best thing you can do."

She studied him for a bit longer, then nodded. She stood. "You...don't think I'm giving him the wrong signals, do you?"

"You're his friend," he said. "Do you want more than that?"

She shook her head. "I'm not the kind of person he needs."

"I think you're fine."

He watched as she went to get another cup of coffee, then went over to sit across from Derek. She held out the cup, and after a moment he took it. They sat together without talking for a long time, just sipping their coffee. Dave finally quit stealing surreptitious glances at them for fear of someone else catching him, but when he turned his attention to his book, they still didn't appear to have spoken a word.

By the time they got back to Quantico, Dave was almost as worried about Aaron as he was Derek. Aaron seemed discouraged too, and he had always been good at taking on the troubles of his entire team. Even back when he was younger he'd been good at that. Dave watched him as they left the elevator and filed into the bullpen, and then realized he wasn't the only one watching him.

Derek's eyes were following the unit chief too. He watched as Hotch walked into his office and shut the door with a firm click. A moment later he realized, as their eyes met, that he and Dave had been doing the same thing. Derek jerked his gaze away, feeling an odd flush of heat go through him. Embarrassment at having been caught, he supposed, and it annoyed him.

But when he glanced at Dave again, he saw that the other man had apparently dismissed it; he was frowning at Hotch's closed office door. That was the thing about Rossi, the really damned annoying thing about Rossi. He cared about people.

He might be an asshole who pushed until you were ready to give him what he wanted just to shut him up, but he really cared about people. He obviously respected and trusted Hotch, which was a good thing, because it was one of the things Derek had never liked about Gideon. Hotch was a good man and a good agent, the best team leader Derek had ever worked for, and deserving of everyone's respect. And Rossi gave it to him. More than that, Rossi seemed to genuinely like everyone on the team. He was demanding, but he cared.

But his demeanor drove Derek crazy sometimes. He could work with him, no problem, because Rossi was a good agent and a damn good profiler. More and more he found himself turning to Rossi when he wanted confirmation on something. But when it came to personal interaction, Derek preferred to limit it.

Which was why he was surprised when he looked up from his desk later in the evening and found Rossi standing a few feet away, watching him with a considering expression on his face.

"What?" Derek said automatically, then wished he hadn't reacted so defensively.

Rossi shook his head faintly. "Just thinking." After a moment he shrugged. "You want to get a drink?"

Derek's eyebrows went up and he surveyed the other man for a moment. What the hell. "Sure." He could definitely use one, and whatever was on Rossi's mind, the alcohol would be welcome.

Twenty minutes later they were sitting across from each other in the Quantico bar, Dave with a glass of single malt scotch in front of him, Derek small batch bourbon. For a while they drank in silence, just sips and slow exhales afterwards. Every once in a while Derek glanced up at Dave, or Dave glanced up at Derek. It actually began to settle, to feel comfortable.

Of course, that was when Dave broke the silence. "Was it DeDe Hightower that bothered you the most, or Lucas Turner?"

Derek stared at him for a long moment, annoyed (though not really surprised) that Dave would ask. First he had to decide whether to answer it or not. Once he'd decided to, he had to think about what that answer would be. "Both," he said finally. "DeDe first. Seeing every last shred of hope go out of that man..." He shook his head. "I hated having to do that to him."

Dave sipped his drink. "You were just the messenger."

"Still."

Dave nodded.

"And then Lucas..." Derek sighed and took a gulp of his bourbon. "I've known guys like him. There were a couple who stayed around the Upward Youth Center where I hung out as a kid. Really innocent guys, but easy to lead. Childlike, more than the rest of us. Trusting." He paused. "And big." He'd never thought about whether or not Carl had abused them. He didn't think so, though. Carl was attracted to the best and the brightest. It had been Derek. It had been James Barfield. It wouldn't have been Sam or Billy.

"And people took advantage of them," Dave prompted.

Derek shook his head. "Nah, we protected them. There was one guy, yeah, who would have liked to. But the rest of us looked out for those two. Kept an eye on them, tried to be good influences." He shrugged. "Sam ended up running drugs for one of the local bangers anyway. He died in a driveby. Billy's still around, I think, living in his mama's house."

He hadn't thought of them in years, but Lucas Turner had brought it all back.

"Hotch said Kelly was trying to protect Lucas when you found her," Dave said.

"She told him to hold still and put his hands in the air. She told him not to move fast." Derek rubbed a hand over his face. "It was more than Stockholm Syndrome. She could see that someone was taking advantage of him. She's a good kid."

Dave nodded.

"I told the SWAT shooters to stand down," Derek said. "I was screaming it, trying to make 'em stop. But..." He sighed.

"You did all you could, Derek," Dave said quietly. But he didn't push the issue. And the thing was, Derek knew that was true. He had done everything he could. But it wasn't enough. All too often it wasn't enough. And how much longer could he put up with that, giving his all and getting nothing in return, just a hollow victory and a sense of defeat?

Dave drained his glass and reached out. Derek wasn't sure what he was going to do, but at that moment Dave's cell phone rang. He answered it with a brisk, "Rossi," and listened. As Derek watched, Rossi's face drained of all color. "We'll be right there." He stood up and snapped the phone shut. "Finish that now."

Derek obeyed automatically, then felt a flush of annoyance that he'd done so. "What's going on?" he demanded, slipping out of his chair to follow.

Dave spoke only one word. "Hotch."