Disclaimer: I do not own Yu-Gi-Oh or Dragonheart; they both belong to their respective owners. I own bits of the plot and the OC that is introduced here.

Warning: Lemon.

Chapter Twelve: Going Back

The Prince did bid his paradise good-bye
And left with the dragon fated to die. 

Sixth Months Later

Gozaburo stood on the battlements of his castle, watching the fog rise from the valley. He tapped his fingers against the stone, surveying the narrow valley that held his kingdom, suddenly feeling cramped. There had to be expansion for them to survive. The peasants were too lazy, so there would have to be more willing to serve him, if they wanted to survive. The taxes would have to be raised to take care of this expenditure and treaties with other kingdoms made quickly. It would be a waste to have his forces throw themselves against the armies of other kingdoms when things could be settled in a calm manner. Although, he would have liked to have more children to cement these treaties. As of now, he only had Seto, who was against his every idea.

The king sighed, looking to his right as the familiar purple and orange dragon placed his head on the walkway of the battlements. Gozaburo smiled and gestured out toward the valley. "Get a dragon ready. We're attacking a town today. We need to show the peasants that we are still in charge."

Rex nodded and stood up, slipping easily out of the way as the gates opened to allow a panting messenger in. Gozaburo scowled at the man before motioning for him to climb the stairs to the battlements. The messenger groaned, but followed his king's orders, bounding up the stairs before kneeling at Gozaburo's feet. He glanced up after a moment, taking a deep breath before delivering his message. "I did as you asked, my lord, and went north to see if the girl had gone there. I found her, but Mahad is watching over her, as you guessed."

His blue eyes narrowed. Of course the girl would go to Mahad, especially if she was carrying Yugi's child. Sadly, it was a predictable move, something that Gozaburo should have countered instead of trying to persuade his son to see eye to eye with him. "Go on."

"The child sir, it was delivered days ago. I left the village as soon as I was sure that it would live."

"And you are sure the child is Yugi's."

The messenger nodded quickly. "Yes, my lord. I saw the boy myself. And it is a son, one with a legitimate claim to the throne."

Gozaburo waved the messenger away, turning to look out over his kingdom again, his only reaction to the news a clenching of his hand. There was another problem now, but thankfully one easily solved. He would run a test with his dragon knights on the troublesome village close to his castle, the one that had sheltered the girl in the first place. Then, if all went well, he would send one to destroy the village that held both the girl and Mahad, effectively killing two birds with one stone.

Of course, the death of the boy could have been avoided if the girl had managed to carry his child. Gozaburo would have allowed both the girl and the baby to live if the boy had been his. It was a blow to his ego that he had managed to fail where Yugi had succeeded. He let go of his anger and stared at the village below. One step at a time. That was the way that he would win dominion over this world.

Tèa happily held her son, sitting outside the small shack that she shared with Tristan. Normally, she would stay inside and hide the baby from sight. She didn't want rumors starting up about who the child resembled. But there was an important reason for her to be outside today. Mahad was coming and she wanted to meet him. And she still couldn't bring herself to let the baby go, not yet. She looked down at the sleeping infant in her arms, cuddling him close in another hug before reaching out to trace his small features.

She had gotten her wish; he resembled his father more than her with his almost unnaturally pale skin and small size. The midwife had been worried that the baby wouldn't survive his first night because of his size, which had kept Tèa up for the next few nights as she watched over her child, praying to the gods that he would be alright. Happily, he was still alive and healthy, if still tiny. The baby even had a small dusting of fuzz over his head, most of it black although, in the right light, it turned reddish. The baby gave a gurgle as it woke up, blinking up at its mother with wide eyes before snuggling closer.

His eyes were the only disappointment to Tèa, but it was nothing that she couldn't get over. After all, her prayers had been answered, for the most part. Who was she to demand more of the gods when her child was alive and healthy? Instead of the purple eyes that his father had, the child had eyes that looked more blue than purple, but his father's coloration could still be seen in the depths. But they still held the same spark that Yugi's had held.

The sound of hooves made Tèa look up, shifting the baby so he couldn't be seen easily. She relaxed as she saw Mahad slip down from his horse, greeting another villager who walked by before jogging over to Tèa. She smiled and gave a quick bow before motioning for him to enter the shack first, following afterward.

In the safety of the home, Mahad quickly turned around, his brown eyes showing life for the first time in months. The knight had refrained from coming to see the baby too soon, and Tèa had understood. This was the one chance for both of them, Tèa to have something of her beloved and Mahad to gain his second chance; it would have broken them if the baby had died. Now, they were sure that the infant boy would live, and Mahad had come down at the first free moment he had.

Tèa held out the child for him to hold, smiling as the knight gently cradled the bundle to his chest, peering down at the infant's features. He cautiously reached out, a smile crossing his face as the infant grasped the offered finger in his tiny fist, eyes brightening as he looked upon the new human. Mahad chuckled, the sound odd to Tèa's ears as she had never heard the knight laugh before, never seen a smile light up the somber features of the man. A smile suited him much more than his customary frown did.

"He's his father's son." Mahad carefully removed his finger from the infant's grasp, holding him up to the dim light. "I can see that already. Unfortunately, I never saw Yugi when he was this young. And his eyes…"

"He has my eyes." Tèa shook her head, looking at her child as he wiggled happily in the knight's hold. Mahad glanced at her before lowering the boy and handing him back to her, gently putting two fingers under her chin to raise her eyes to meet his.

"I can see you in him and I can see Yugi. That is enough." The knight pulled away, walking back to the opening of the shack and pausing as he looked around the place. "I almost want to take you two back to my father's house to keep him safe, but you wouldn't let me do that. You want him to grow up like the common people so that he won't turn out like Gozaburo. But, don't hesitate to come to me if you need help."

"Thank you." Tèa gave him a smile and walked to the door, waving as he mounted his horse and rode off to continue on his rounds. She leaned against the wooden shelter, looking at her child before walking back inside. She sat down on the ground, relishing the few more days of freedom she had before she went back to work, both Tristan and Mahad wanting to be sure that her child was in top condition because of his size. The son of the prince would not have an easy life like his father.

She placed her child on the ground, fixing the patchy blanket around him as he yawned, large eyes blinking as he fought sleep. Tèa chuckled and ticked under his chin, earning a surprised look from the child that soon turned to a pout. She laughed and lay down beside him, pulling him close and kissing his forehead. "Sweet dreams, darling."

Seto paced outside the door to his chambers, having been kicked out about an hour before. He would have protested the move had the order not come from the midwife and if the baby already hadn't been a week late. He was too worried about Kisara to bother about the slight to his position. He paused by the door, waiting for barely a second for any noise before he had to start pacing again. What if Kisara had been wrong? What if her change into a dragon all those months ago had affected her and the baby? The only sign of his increased agitation was an increase of speed, his head turning to keep a constant eye on the door. He was so lost in the same cycle of worry that he missed the door opening and the midwife peeking out. "My lord?"

He dropped all pretenses of his social status and ran into the room, making immediately for the bed and kneeling beside it. He peered at the small bundle that Kisara held in her arms, ignoring the bloodied sheets. Carefully, he reached out to touch her arm, earning a weak smile from Kisara. For a moment, he was afraid that he would lose her, not used to seeing her so weak. His fears were alleviated as Kisara rolled her eyes and shifting so she was sitting more upright. "I'm stronger than you think, Seto. Now, say hello to your son. It was hard enough work just getting him out here, the little troublemaker."

Seto found himself holding the bundle, cradling it close to him as he stood up. The baby in his arms squirmed a bit, seeking warmth. He tensed at the movement, only relaxing when the baby settled. A glance at Kisara and he was sitting at the edge of the bed, barely noticing the midwife bustling around and calling in servants to help clean up. He turned his son so the light fell on the boy, observing his features before passing him back to Kisara. "He looks like my brother."

"Oh." Kisara paused and adjusted the blanket around her child, biting her lip for a moment before looking up at Seto. "We could name him after your brother, in his memory."

There was a smothered gasp from the midwife, Kisara turning her head to look at the woman in confusion. Seto rested a hand on her arm, drawing her attention back to him. "Children aren't usually named until they have lived through a few weeks. If he is named before then, people will think that he is cursed." He raised an eyebrow to show that he didn't believe what he was telling her.

His reward was a quiet laugh and a shake of her head. "Silly human superstitions. There's nothing wrong with naming a child after they are born." She lowered her voice to a whisper. "Your father is a curse enough for this one."

Seto gave a curt nod, not wanting to acknowledge anything that his father could use against him. Already, relations were more strained than before. He had often felt like he was being watched as he went about his business and he was never left alone in any room barring his own. Usually, he would just ignore the obvious breech of his privacy, but it was quickly getting to a point where he held almost no power anymore. All because he had refused to mutilate himself for his father's grand plan. He was about to remind Kisara to watch what she said when a roar made him jump.

He rushed over to the small window, glancing back to see Kisara calming their crying son. Assured that his family was alright, Seto peered out of the window, hands clenching by his side in rage. While the stone of the castle blocked most of the sight, he could still see smoke billowing past them, carried by the breeze. It wasn't hard to guess what his father had done. A whole village burning because he wanted to test out his new force. Seto nearly snarled as he spun back around, storming over to his desk to snatch up his cloak and pull it quickly into place. He looked over at the midwife, his glare silencing any protest that she would have had. "You keep watch over them. If I come back and they are harmed in any way, you will pay the price."

Before the stunned woman could answer or Kisara could reprimand him for his treatment of the woman, he was striding off down the hall, nearly jogging as he rushed toward the courtyard. He would not allow the slaughter of innocent people to go without a fight. While he couldn't save them all, he could try and find places for them to evacuate to. If his father wasn't careful, he would have a rebellion on his hands soon.

Seto shoved open the doors that led to the courtyard, noticing that Crump quickly scrambled up from his seat by the fire and attempted to keep up with his long strides. Seto snorted and headed for the stables, barely pausing as he snatched a bridle from its place and walked into a stall. He quickly threw the piece of tack onto the horse, not bothering with a saddle as he led the animal out into the courtyard. Crump was just catching up to him when Seto vaulted onto the horse's back and sent it racing for the gates. He heard the knight give a cry of shock before he left the castle behind him, slowing the horse so it wouldn't break any limbs.

Now he could see what was on fire and this time he did growl as he saw the village. His eyes traced the flames that danced in the cool spring air, watching as the pale green dragon swooped through them, the knight on its back barely visible. The two circled around the village once before the dragon dove close to the ground, breathing out a stream of fire in a seemingly random direction, but Seto knew differently. There were people in those flames now, burning and dying all because Gozaburo needed to gather more power.

He scrambled for a better hold on the horse's mane as the animal stumbled, nearly rearing as it tried to avoid a slick patch on the hill. Seto dug his heels into the horse's sides, pitching forward as the horse leapt over the mud, nearly falling as it landed on the other side. Seto swung the horse's head around, aiming for the village that was now only a few feet away and sending the horse off at a gallop again. He pressed himself close to the animal's back when the dragon swooped over, another stream of flame burning the people who had started to run to him for help. Seto narrowed his eyes and pushed his horse faster, there would be others that he could save, or at least call the dragon's attack off.

The horse was suddenly pulled to a halt, the motion nearly tumbling Seto from its back. He pushed himself back upright and glared at the man who was holding his horse. The man shook his head and rushed for the woods, Seto hesitating before looking back at the village, his mouth dropping open. He had been seconds too late. From where he sat on the horse, he could see the peasants running for the woods and the village burning merrily. There was nothing else he could do. With a curse, Seto turned his horse towards the woods. This had gone on too long.

Peasants leapt for the shadows as Seto ducked under the hanging branches, pulling his horse to a stop and looking around him. The man who had stopped him from going into the village walked forward, obviously the spokesperson for the group. Seto noticed the burns on the man's arms before they were folding across his chest, hiding the marks from view. "What do you want?"

"A chance for you to live." Seto slid off the horse, handing the reins to the surprised man. He spun the man around, giving him a shove towards the south. Kisara had told him that most dragons would fly down there to spend the cold months before heading back north. There was a good chance that the dragon that they were looking for was down there. If not, then they could convince other dragons to help them. "Ride south until you find the nomads and ask them for help. Say you are searching for Atem and that your people need their help."

"And if they don't believe me?"

"Tell them that Kisara sent you." Seto boosted the man onto the horse, nearly throwing him over the opposite side in his haste. "The sooner you get help, the sooner we can fight against whatever Gozaburo plans. I, for one, am tired of waiting for the lower class to rebel against him. There are nobles willing to help if you make the first move."

"So you can watch us die?"

"We are stuck under his gaze." Seto took the reins of the horse and pulled the animal forward, ignoring all the stares from the peasants. "If we move first, then we die. I promise, if you begin to fight, we will help you. Now go!"

The man hesitated before giving the horse an awkward kick, nearly falling off the animal as it galloped into the depths of the woods. Seto looked at the other peasants before turning on his heel, cloak whipping out behind him as he strode out of the trees and back toward the castle. His eyes widened as he saw Crump waiting at the bottom of the hill, forcing his mask into place as he walked toward the knight. His actions today would not go without punishment, but there was little Gozaburo could do anymore. Word would spread among the peasants, and they would start setting up places where the dragons couldn't get to them. Soon, Gozaburo wouldn't have much of a kingdom to rule over.

One Week Later

Atem sat up with a smirk, licking his lips as Yugi came back to earth after his orgasm. The former dragon propped himself up over his mate, giving him a caste kiss before pulling back. The prince blinked up at him, the thought process obvious on his face. "Pretty satisfied with yourself?"

Atem gave a predatory smile as he let himself rest on top of Yugi, the warmth from his body making the human moan. "I should be. After all, you seemed to be. Especially with all that begging and screaming."

Yugi blushed for a moment before wrapping his arms around Atem and pulling him into a kiss. The former dragon smiled at the action, opening his mouth to allow Yugi to explore it with his tongue. This was what he imagined his life to be like when he was younger. Just living for the moment and enjoying the company of his mate. Together, they had managed to dodge those who had wanted them to return for half a year, not wanting to come back to reality. Atem knew he was deluding himself if he thought that the problem would simply go away if he ignored it long enough. He was the Morningstar and would have to put up with the dragons' pleas for his blood. So, for once, he had thought about himself alone and taken the first chance he had to get away. And he had showed Yugi the boundaries of his world, albeit most of it involved Yugi viewing the world from his back.

Atem pulled away from his mate when the need to breathe became too much, settling for nuzzling Yugi's neck until the human tipped it to one side, allowing him more access. He looked up as Yugi blindly reached for something, hand closing around a small jar of oil and pulling it towards them. He chuckled and gave Yugi's neck a nip, soothing the spot with his tongue a moment later. "Already so eager, love?"

"You've been teasing me all day." Yugi tried to pout, the expression wiped off his face as Atem's hand found a ticklish spot on his side, making him arch away from the touch.

He hummed in response, taking the jar of oil from Yugi and sliding down so he was kneeling between the prince's spread legs. He stroked the inside of one of his thighs, watching as Yugi squirmed at the touch. Atem chuckled before leaning up and kissing his mate's chest in apology for the tease. "I have my reasons."

This was the last chance that he would have Yugi all to himself without any more distractions. His instincts were telling him to begin to head up to his usual hunting grounds and to get away from the other dragons since mating season was officially over. Unlike other years, he wouldn't be heading back up to Gozaburo's kingdom, instead remaining behind with the people to keep Yugi happy. Honestly, he didn't mind staying away from the northern kingdoms, the memories of what he had done up there sometimes causing nightmares. But, as long as he had Yugi, he was fine.

He slicked up his fingers, gently pushing one into Yugi and watching as the prince arched, breathing out his name softly. Atem smiled, reaching up with his other hand to push Yugi's bangs out of his eyes. Yugi turned his head and kissed Atem's palm, looking at him out of the corner of one violet eye. "Please. I need you."

Atem swallowed and nodded, inserting another finger and brushing them against Yugi's prostate. His mate gave a strangled scream, both hands gripping Atem's shoulders as he pushed back against the fingers. Words emerged from the gibberish that Yugi was emitting, but nothing that Atem could actually pick out. He scissored his fingers, stretching Yugi before pulling them out and reaching for the jar of oil. He poured more onto his hand, looking up as Yugi as the prince whimpered, glancing up at Atem.

The former dragon quickly prepared himself, plunging into Yugi as soon as he was ready. The prince gave a cry of pleasure and scrambled at Atem's back, trying to keep him close as he began to move. They settled into a rhythm, the fast pace promising release too soon for either of their tastes, but the feeling of skin brushing against skin was just too delicious to slow down.

Slowly, a sound was heard by the former dragon, attracting his attention despite the moans and partial screams that Yugi was making. Atem stopped moving at the rustle of something in the foliage around them, fingers digging into the ground as he lowered himself closer to Yugi, protecting his mate. Slowly, the human struggled out of the euphoric haze he had been entering, looking up at Atem before moving his hands so they rested on the former dragon's biceps. "Atem?"

He answered with a growl, his red eyes narrowing as he stared at one place right above Yugi's head. He felt Yugi shiver under him, reluctant to move incase motion incited whatever was watching them to attack. They were left in suspense for a moment before a pale gold dragon stumbled out of the undergrowth, twisting awkwardly to rid a hind foot of a clinging vine. Marik smirked at the defeated vegetation before turning around, his mouth dropping open at the sight before him. "Am I…interrupting something?"

"Yes." Atem closed his eyes for a moment, taking a deep breath before opening them again. "And, if you value your life, you will leave us be."

Marik nodded, shifting back toward the cover of the trees. "There's someone asking after you. I'll…I'll tell them you're busy."

The dragon disappeared back into the trees, the two entwined on the ground able to hear Marik as he stumbled away. Atem sighed and shook his head, mentally cursing his friend for his bad timing. He looked down abruptly as he felt Yugi shift, pulling away from him. Atem gave a warning growl before pulling Yugi back, moaning at the feel of being inside the human. He didn't want to be torn away from this paradise yet. He wanted to bask in the feeling of being with his mate for a few moments more. Yugi shifted, stifling a moan himself when the move made Atem brush against his prostate. "Shouldn't you be going? There's someone waiting for you."

"They can wait." Atem leaned down and kissed Yugi passionately, waiting until the prince was moaning into the kiss again before moving, gasping at the feeling of muscles massaging his length. Yugi quickly returned to his hold of Atem's shoulders, now pleading with the former dragon.

"Please...faster…Atem. So close."

Atem smirked and reached down to stroke Yugi's penis, moving from the kiss to nip at Yugi's neck. It only took a moment of this treatment before Yugi came, screaming his release to the sky. Atem followed after him, collapsing on top of Yugi as his arms gave out. The two lay on the ground, panting for air before Atem pulled out, remaining braced over Yugi as he called up magic to transform him back into a dragon, making sure that the black tendrils brushed over his mate's skin. Yugi shuddered at the touch, jumping when Atem ran his tongue over his body, cleaning the prince up. Yugi tried to remain still waiting until Atem had finished before he stood up and gathered his clothes.

The black and red dragon admired the view that his mate gave him before sighing and walking towards where Marik disappeared, hating that the real world had intruded upon his time with his mate. He looked over his shoulder, smiling as Yugi rushed after him, holding what little belongings the human had ended up with from their little excursion. Atem lowered his head to nuzzle Yugi's side before following him out of the forest.

Ryou watched Joey and Serenity race over to hug their friend, feeling awkward around the man he had left for dead the day he had save the two. Shyly, he offered a hand to the green eyed man, hoping that a smile would push away any anger that he still felt toward the poet. To his surprise, the man enthusiastically shook his head before staring at Serenity. "I can never thank you enough for saving her. And you managed to find the one place in the world that could help her. Thank you."

The poet smiled as Joey scowled and herded his sister behind him, glaring at the man. "Just because she can see, Duke doesn't mean that I'll let my guard down."

Ryou laughed as Duke stared at his friend in mock shock, turning around as Marik rushed from the trees. The pale gold dragon looked behind him with an expression akin to embarrassment before flopping onto the ground and covering his eyes with a foreleg. When he felt the enquiring glanced, he lifted the limb a fraction to look at them. "Atem will be out in a bit." The limb was lowered back over his eyes as the dragon shuddered.

He was about to question the dragon further when a shout from the nearest trees drew his attention. They were too far away to hear the content of the shout, but Joey still covered his sister's ears, glaring at the trees. Ryou blushed and dropped his head into his hands with a sigh, jumping when someone brushed his shoulder. He peeked out of his hands to see Bakura smirking as he leaned against him. The thief actually laughed to himself. "Sounds like someone is enjoying themselves."

The poet swatted at his lover, Duke and Joey giving the thief incredulous stares for his comment. The blonde cautiously removed his hands from over his sister's ears, looking over at Marik as the dragon gave a groan and pressed the limb closer to his face. Bakura laughed at the dragon's expression, leaning over to whisper in Ryou's ear. "I bet I know what's keeping Atem."

Ryou shoved Bakura away with a snort of disgust, walking over to stand by Marik as the pale gold dragon peeked out from under his foreleg again, blinking before looking over his shoulder and sitting up. The dragon looked at all of them before sighing. "He should be coming out any minute now."

They passed through the next couple of minutes in silence before a black and red dragon shoved his way out of the trees, glaring at Marik before striding forward and stretching out on the ground. Atem paused and looked over his shoulder, shifting to allow a human to clamber up next to him, sleepily curling up in the bend of his forearm. Atem gave the human a brief nuzzle before focusing on the other dragon with a fierce glare. "What was so important that you had to interrupt me?"

Ryou didn't hear Marik's response, instead staring at the human that was cuddled up to the dragon and trying to fight off sleep. He would recognize the tri-colored hair and strange purple eyes anywhere. But the problem was that he had never expected to see them again. He had watched as the prince had been run through with a sword. He had been there in the aftermath when neither the dragon nor the body could be found, leaving Bakura and himself to try and sweep up the pieces. And yet, the prince still lived and looked healthier than before.

The others seemed to be staring at Yugi with the same mixture of horror and surprise, the three peasants throwing themselves onto the ground in a bow as they recognized the man. Ryou shuffled closer, not stopping when Bakura rested a cautionary hand on his shoulder. He had to find out who this was; if this was just a cruel trick of his eyes. Ryou jerked his shoulder out of Bakura's grip, rushing up to Atem. He shivered under the dragon's gaze, eyes going wide as Atem shifted his attention to the poet. The dragon relaxed on when Yugi straightened up, suddenly looking more alert. "Ryou?"

"Yugi?" Ryou raced up to the dragon's leg, leaning on the dragon as he stared up at the prince. "What are you doing here? We watched you die."

"I was saved." Yugi grimaced, rubbing at his chest with one hand before shrugging. "Atem saved me."

"And you've been here the entire time." They both tensed as Bakura wandered over, crossing his arms in over his chest. "You never once thought about going back and helping the people you are responsible for? You just decided to stay here because it was easier. Here I bet you are treated like royalty."

"That's not it." Yugi spoke softly, looking down at his hands.

"So, what is your excuse, my prince?" Bakura gave a mocking bow. "You thought because one rebellion failed that there would be no other? That the people would just give up and let Gozaburo lead them?"

"That's not it!" Yugi was standing up now, purple eyes narrowed in anger. Ryou looked over at Atem, shocked to find the dragon staring at Bakura as well, flickers of flame seen in his mouth. The prince jumped off of Atem's foreleg and strode up to the thief. "They never wanted me in the first place! They would have rather had Seto or Gozaburo over me because of what I look like and what they thought of my mother. They would have begged for someone stronger to take the throne in the end because I was useless. Believe me when I say that I want to help them, but they don't want my help. I'm just the son of the witch who ruled over them for too long."

"My prince." Yugi turned abruptly, Serenity flinching back at the motion. She held out a hand for Joey to stop, calming her brother with a smile before taking another step forward. "Maybe we once thought that, but I can see that you would be better than our current king. Please, we need your help now. Will you let us die because of an old grudge?"

Yugi sighed, all the anger draining out of him as he slumped. Ryou jumped out of the way as Atem moved to catch the prince, allowing the human to lean against him. The poet circled around the dragon, surprised to see Yugi's chin resting against his chest as he seemed to think over something. The prince gave a slow shake of his head, looking up to meet Serenity's gaze before shutting his eyes. At the sign of surrender, Duke turned to the small group and began talking.

"Gozaburo has done something to his knights. One attacked our village just about a week ago." Duke glanced over at Yugi as the prince stood straighter. "He's gotten an immortal man on his team and a dragon too."

Ryou jumped as Yugi gasped, pushing away from Atem. The dragon gave a surprised growl, his red eyes suddenly narrowing. The two stared at Duke until the peasant flinched, looking down at the ground rather than meeting the eyes of the dragon and the prince. Everyone but Yugi jumped as Atem gave a short snarl, the sound cut off as he snapped his jaw shut. The dragon seemed to debate over something before speaking. "So that's where Rex ran off to. He dragged innocents into this because he wants me to…" He scoffed, turning his gaze north for a moment.

"It gets worse." Duke was looking over at Joey, walking over to grip the blonde's shoulders. "If Gozaburo is sure that he can get away with such attacks, he'll go after Tèa next. Everything will fall apart if he kills her and the baby."

"Baby?" Yugi swayed on his feet, staring at Duke in awe. Ryou saw the prince's fingers twitch as he seemed to count something off before stumbling backwards. Atem quickly lowered his head and caught Yugi, giving a soft rumble of confusion as the prince clung to the dragon's head, eyes staring at Duke in fear. The prince licked his lips before taking a shaky breath. "What do you mean?"

"Tèa was pregnant when he had to send her away so Gozaburo wouldn't kill her child. It is-"

"Mine." Yugi nodded, cutting Duke off before he could finish. A dazed look crossed his as he sank to the ground, Atem giving a worried whine and curling around him, frantically nudging the prince to get any response.

"It should be born right now. A couple of weeks old if everything went well." The poet stared at Duke as he continued talking, the black haired man now pacing. Joey and Serenity were listening intently as they began to come up with a plan. "The rest of the kingdom won't stand for any more dragon attacks, and they'll be abandoning the villages. Now would be the time to strike. We'll return home and send a few to find Tèa and protect her. As soon as the rebellion is over, we'll bring her and her child down and install them on the throne."

The three began to walk off to where Duke had left his horse, too embroiled in their own plans to notice the effect that their words had on Yugi. Ryou was about to pull away and kneel by the prince when Bakura caught him around the waist, pulling the poet into a hug as he addressed Marik. "They've got the right idea."

"Then why don't you go after them." Atem turned to glare at the thief, stopping his attempts to shake Yugi from his thoughts.

"Because their plan also has one major flaw. They'll aim for the knights when they need to aim for the dragons." Bakura calmly rested his head on Ryou's shoulder. "They would never trust a dragon enough to help them, considering that they barely acknowledged either of your presences. Joey only tolerates them because they helped heal his sister."

"Then we'll go after the dragons." They all turned to stare at Yugi, watching as the prince stood up. Atem dropped his head to rest it against Yugi's back, the prince resting a hand on the dragon before taking a step forward.

"Yugi…"

The prince held up a hand, silencing the dragon for a moment. "We're their only hope. We can attack those dragons and slay the one that keep Gozaburo alive and they can do whatever they want in the end. They never wanted me as a king and I am fine with that."

Yugi crossed his arms, glaring at Bakura like he expected the thief to argue. Ryou noticed that his lover was opening his mouth to talk when Atem gave a slow nod, lowering his head so it hovered above Yugi's shoulder. The prince reached for the dragon now, absently rubbing up and down Atem's muzzle as they both stared resolutely at the thief. Finally, under the combination of the two of them, Bakura backed down with a simple shrug. "I'll help anyway I can."

Marik quickly gave his support, excusing himself to go hunt. Bakura watched the dragon fly off with an annoyed click of his tongue before looking back at Yugi. "I suppose this means that we're going back north."

"Yes." Bakura stomped off at the answer, leaving Ryou behind. The poet quickly scampered away, unable to stand the combined glare of Yugi and Atem. While it would be a good visualization for his epic, the look was hard to stand up to in real life. There was no question in Ryou's mind that Yugi would be able to accomplish what he had promised. He was beginning to think that the prince was invincible. His hand twitched by his side at the urge to write before that determined look faded in his memory, but the poet shook his head.

He would help Bakura pack before he immortalized the two forever. It would be more important that they were ready to go in the end. And, it gave him some leeway to play with rhymes before he wasted his precious supply of paper.

Yugi pushed the flap of the tent aside, setting down his armload outside before ducking back in. His hand hovered over his empty scabbard, pulling back from the object at the last minute. With a sigh, he simply took the hunting knife that he had acquired before walking back outside, staring at the small pile of stuff he had managed to accumulate during his time among his mother's people. A quiet whimper made him look up as Atem stepped out from the darkness, the dragon lying down on the ground to watch him. Yugi tried to offer him a smile, but failed at the hurt that was in the dragon's eyes.

"I have no choice, Atem."

"I know."

"Then why are you looking at me like that?" The dragon looked startled at his outburst, almost as surprised as Yugi himself. The prince ran a hand through his hair and sighed, dropping to the ground and viciously folding his blanket and violently shoving his clothes into his pack. His packing slowed as he heard Atem sigh, looking up at the dragon as he winced.

Atem was staring at him intently, like he was trying to memorize everything about him. Worried, Yugi stood up and walked over to Atem, resting at hand on the end of his muzzle. The dragon gave a soft chuckle before shaking his head. "I'm afraid that I'll lose you."

Yugi smiled and gently tapped the dragon's muzzle. "You won't lose me. We're aiming for the dragons, remember? They won't be able to touch you."

He turned away to continue packing, the motion stopping as Atem whispered, "Not like that." Yugi looked up at Atem, tipping his head to the side as he waited for the dragon to explain. The black and red dragon looked away, his voice still a low whisper. "I know you, Yugi. You're often too kind for your own good. And you feel guilty for that girl, I know you do. It's what I admire about you, lo-Yugi."

"Then-"

"Because she's right. She's a human. A woman." Atem turned his head so one crimson eye flashed in the dim light. "I'm a dragon. There's nothing right about us."

"But…your heart…"

"I still feel the same way about you, Yugi. But, I know you. You'll want to raise your child, as you should, and that girl probably won't let you keep a dragon around."

"I…" Yugi pulled the hand that had started to reach out back to his chest, staring at his palm. What Atem had said was true, it was part of the reason he was so jumpy now. He was seriously considering marrying the girl, not because he loved her, but because she was the mother of his child. It was something that was expected of him as a prince. But he didn't want to give up Atem. The dragon was his best friend and his lover. The girl wasn't worth giving up the perfection that he had found here.

Then again, wasn't that another thing that was bothering him? The simple fact that he had allowed himself to get caught up in the miniature paradise that he had discovered here instead of returning to his kingdom? Mahad was right when he had said that the peasants needed Yugi, if only for a figurehead. It was his duty, the duty that he had been trained for his entire life. And he had once been resigned to the fact that he would have to give up all he loved for the good of the kingdom. It's what a king did.

But, he wasn't going to let that happen. Not in this case.

"I'm not going to let you go, Atem." The dragon stared at him in awe as he walked over, wrapping his arms around Atem's muzzle and pulling him close. "I don't want to let you go. You're my friend, my heart. Please, don't make me choose."

Atem nodded, waiting until Yugi had pulled away before speaking. "Alright, Yugi."

The dragon pressed his head against Yugi's side in his version of a hug, allowing Yugi to continue packing. The prince turned around, walking backwards to keep watching Atem. There was something else, something he wasn't telling Yugi. He sat down, resting his arms on his knees. He tipped his head to the side. "There's something else."

He got a sad nod from Atem, the dragon closing his eyes as he rested his chin on his forelegs. Not wanting to push for any more information, Yugi went back to his packing, fingers twitching when he reached the end of his task. He pushed the pack to the side, going back to staring at Atem. The dragon quickly noticed and attempted to smile, the expression faltering as he drifted back into his thoughts. Yugi let the dragon stew for a moment longer before returning to Atem's side, running his fingers over the dragon's scales. "You can tell me."

Atem glanced at him before sighing, stretching out the wing closest to Yugi. The prince walked into the offered shelter, settling down by Atem's side. He watched as Atem tucked his head under the wing, eyes roving everywhere but to Yugi. This was a bad sign. Atem only talked to him like this when it was very important, or the dragon didn't want to chance someone else hearing them. Yugi shook his head and patted his lap, inviting Atem closer. The dragon hesitated for a moment before resting his muzzle in Yugi's lap. Atem sighed, eyes falling closed as Yugi reached for the spot over his eye.

"I'm scared, Yugi."

"You're not going to lose me."

"Not that." Atem opened one eye, meeting Yugi's gaze. "If we go up there and fight, I might…we might…" He shuddered, pressing close to Yugi. "I've been running from it for so long, Yugi, even before I knew what it meant. But…I don't want to..."

"Atem?" Yugi gasped as he felt the brush of magic against him, eyes widening as Atem pulled him from the ground before the change was even complete. He was pulled into his grandfather's tent, barely having time to protest before Atem was kissing him, holding him close. Yugi struggled briefly, gasping for breath when Atem pulled back.

"Please," Atem rested his forehead against Yugi's, "please, just let me…"

Yugi rested a hand on Atem's cheek, the former dragon leaning into the caress. The prince bit his bottom lip, pulling Atem into a hug as the man began to tremble. He pulled them both to the ground, kissing Atem's face as he struggled to control himself. Yugi had never seen Atem this close to breaking; usually he was in perfect control of his emotions at all times. The prince sighed and buried his face in Atem's hair, taking a deep breath as he began to rub the former dragon's back. "It will be alright. You and me, we can do anything."

Atem looked up at him, slowly shaking his head as he allowed Yugi to keep holding him close. The prince watched as Atem curled up in his arms, the former dragon looking very vulnerable. "What do you need me to do, Atem?"

"Hold me." Atem nuzzled Yugi chest, the whimpered words surprising the prince. "Hold me and never let go. Please."

Shocked, Yugi complied with Atem's request, watching as the former dragon slipped into a restless sleep. The prince kept running his hands over Atem's back, stopping when he heard him whimper and felt the former dragon curl closer to him. Yugi sighed, shifting so they were both lying on the ground, Atem wiggling until there was no space left between them, one hand grabbing onto Yugi's shirt above his heart. Yugi frowned at the former dragon, wishing that Atem could just tell him what he feared so much. He closed his eyes, moving one hand to rest over the one Atem had on his shirt. "I'm not going anywhere, Atem. I'll be right here forever."

Yugi thought that Atem was asleep. He was about to follow his lover into the land of dreams when he felt Atem shift. The prince remained still as he felt the former dragon place a careful kiss on his forehead, like he was afraid that Yugi would disappear. Yugi sucked in a deep breath as Atem whispered, "It's not you that I'm worried about."

The prince was shoving Atem to the ground the next minute, staring down into the surprised crimson eyes. "Don't you dare."

"Yugi…" The prince wasn't sure what he saw in Atem's eyes as the former dragon stared at him. Finally, Atem gave a nod, reaching up to pull Yugi against him, muttering against his lips, "Never. I'm yours forever."

Read and review please. Criticism is always welcome.