Brian POV

It was Friday afternoon and I had just come home from Kinnetik when the phone rang.

“Kinney.”

“Hey, Brian, it’s Daphne.”

“Daphne, is something wrong with Justin?”

I could feel the panic rising.

“No, nothing like that, but I need to show you something and talk to you. Do you think you could come to my place tomorrow around noon?”

I have to admit that I was confused, but I was also curious.

“Sure, I’ll be there.”

“Thanks.”

And with that, she hung up. I stared at the phone for a long time before putting it back in its cradle. She had sounded so cold, so distant. Daphne had always been the biggest supporter of Justin and me being together, and at first, I was a little confused about her coldness, but maybe I do know why.

Now, it’s Saturday and it’s precisely 12 o’clock when I knock on the door to Daphne’s apartment. She opens the door and lets me in, but I can tell that something is terribly wrong.

“So, what did you want to show me?”

I have to move this along; I can’t stand the silent condemnation she’s got going.

“Over here.”

She leads me to a wall with several canvases leaning on it. She gestures for me to look at them and I start flipping through them. At first, I think it would be some of Justin’s work, but it can’t be. Justin has never in his life produced anything this boring, soulless, bad.

“What? Did you decide to follow in your best friend’s footsteps and take up painting? I have to tell you, Daphne, that you should leave that to Justin and stay with your first career choice. These aren’t very good.”

“I know that, asshole; they’re not mine, they’re Justin’s.”

I stare at her as if she has three heads, because it makes absolutely no sense to me. Justin has so much talent, so much passion for his art, that I would never have been able to imagine that he would produce crap like this.

“When did he do these? 10 years ago?”

“No, this is what he’s done while he’s been in New York.”

I had to sit down; my knees almost gave way under me. This couldn’t be happening. He couldn’t have gone to New York, canceled our wedding, and for what? To produce crap like that?

“I’m going to tell you something, Brian, and you are going to listen without interrupting. Do you understand?”

I nodded; my voice didn’t work, so there was no way I could interrupt her anyway, even if I wanted.

Daphne POV

I looked at him and he looked shocked, maybe even devastated, but after what I’d heard, I felt very little sympathy for him.

“The first month Justin was in New York, he was doing ok. Not great, but not too terrible either. His art was for shit, but he figured it’d get better once he got used to living there. Then, you stopped answering his phone calls and e-mails and he just gave up hope, but he didn’t want to give up on New York just yet. He still wanted you to be proud of him, told me that he was going to be the best homosexual he could be, even if it killed him.”

His head snapped up at that; he had been looking at his feet until then. He was just about to say something, but I continued.

“I tried to get him to come home several times over the next two months; he was miserable and I didn’t really see any reason why he should stay there and be miserable without any kind of support system when he could just come home.”

I was pacing and gesturing wildly, not that Brian saw any of that; he was looking at his feet again.

“Finally, I got through to him and he told me he was going home. I went up there to help him pack, and we had all the boxes done and labeled ‘Fuller Court 6’ when his cell rang. It was Michael, something about the next issue of ‘Rage’. I wasn’t really listening until I saw him go completely pale and sit down on one of the boxes. He wasn’t saying much, just grunting, and when he closed the phone, he looked utterly devastated. He asked me if he could stay with me until he found something else, and when I answered in the affirmative, he went around relabeling all the boxes with my address instead. I asked him what Michael had said and he sat down again. He told me that Michael had told him that you were seeing someone new.”

His head snapped up at that and he looked at me with confusion written all over his face. I continued as if he hadn’t reacted at all; I had to get it all out.

“A guy named Thomas, or Tom. That you had been miserable the first month Justin had been gone, but after you met Tom, you were happier. He asked Justin not to ruin that for you, told him that if he really loved you he would stay away and not contact you anymore. I asked him why the fuck he believed anything Michael told him, but he just asked me to stay out of it. If you were really happy, he wasn’t going to ruin that for you; you deserved all the happiness you could get.”

I looked at Brian and he still had that confused look on his face, but something else, too, something much darker. I guess he didn’t figure that Justin really loved him enough to let him go if it was for his own good.

“So, I’m asking you, Brian, no, I’m begging you; if you are really happy with Tom and you don’t want Justin anymore, don’t contact him again. If you meet him on the streets, treat him like a passing acquaintance, don’t be too nice to him. He will take that as a sign that there might be hope for the two of you, and when those hopes come crashing down, he’ll be so crushed that I’m not sure there will be anything left of the Justin we know.”

Brian POV

I could feel the slow burning fury building inside me, not at Daphne, no, she was just trying to protect her best friend; she was actually acting like a friend was supposed to. No, I was angry at Michael and Lindsay, but most of all, I was fucking furious at myself.

“Justin is in Pittsburgh?”

My voice didn’t sound like my own, and I had a hard time getting it out, but I had to know.

“Yeah, has been for a week. This is the first time he’s been out of the apartment. I heard him make the plans with his mother and I called you. I wanted you to see for yourself and I didn’t want you to be here when Justin was here.”

I nodded; I could understand that, after what they had heard about me.

“When is he coming back? I need to see him. There are some things I need to tell him.”

She looked like she was about to protest.

“Daphne, trust me, the last thing I want is to hurt Justin. I know I have, but I actually believed I was doing the right thing. I can see now that I wasn’t, and I need to explain some things to him.”

She looked at me for a long time, trying to figure out if I were sincere would be my guess, then, she nodded her head.

“He’ll be here in about 15 minutes or so.”

“Thank you,”

I said with relief. She nodded again.

“Would you like some coffee, or a beer?”

“Coffee would be great, thanks.”

She went to the kitchen to make the coffee when I heard the door open; I guess he was home early. I looked at the door expectantly while I rose from the couch. My heart was beating so fast that I thought he would be able to hear it. Then, he was there. Looking so beautiful, it took my breath away.

“Justin.”

My voice came out in a breath and he stopped dead in his tracks. He looked at me with huge eyes, shining with so many conflicting emotions it cut me to the core. There was love, like always, fear, that one was new, sadness, god so much sadness, and hope, just the smallest twinkle of hope.

I took three long steps, and then, I swept him into my arms.

“I love you,”

I whispered in his ear, just like the first time I told him that. I even pushed him back a little to look him in the eyes and told him again.

“I love you, Justin.”

I could see the tears well up, then, a single tear slid down his cheek, and he collapsed against me. After a little while, where we just stood and held on to each other, he pushed back a little to look at my face.

“What about Thomas?”

“Tom is a friend, nothing more. I’ve never even fucked him; please believe me, Sunshine.”

“But Michael said…”

“I know; Daphne told me, but it’s not true. Thomas and I have a lot in common, among them partners that we love very much.”

He looked shocked, and then, he just looked angry.

“Why did Michael tell me that if it’s not true?”

“I have no idea, but I intend to find out. But not right now, right now we have some things to talk about, or I have some things I need to explain to you.”

He nodded slowly and started to make his way to the couch.

“Will you come with me to the loft? There are some things you need to see, too.”

He looked hesitant for a couple of seconds before he made up his mind.

“Ok.”

I breathed a sigh of relief and we said goodbye to Daphne before leaving.

I opened the door to the ‘Vette for him before making my way to the driver’s side, sliding in and putting the key in the ignition. Before I turned it, I looked at him. He was looking at his hands in his lap, looking for all the world like he didn’t know what just hit him.

I started the car and we drove to Fuller in silence. I didn’t want to start this conversation in the car, and I had no idea what to say to him, otherwise. I had plenty I wanted to ask him, but it was important to get the other stuff out of the way first.