Best Birthdays Ever
By Antonio Green
antoniogreen@writeme.com

Sorry for the long time it's take to get this next chapter of "Best Birthdays Ever" written. Life has a way of getting in the way of fun. And so does work. 

I'd love to get feedback from you on this story. Write me at my email auto42376091@hushmail.com and let me know what you think.

And For those of us who'd like our scat less mild then in this version, I'll be uploading a heavier scat version shortly.

Chapter 9 Plastic Patrick and Beyond
(Bb, Mb, incest, ws, mild scat, non, cons)


FROM CHAPTER 8

"Intercom," he explained.

  It was hard to make out what Patrick was saying, so I strained to hear. I could make out my name fairly clearly. It also sounded like he was saying something like "fuck me with that little dick of yours" and "make me cum, lover boy." One thing came across softly but clearly.

  "I so fucking love you, Trent."

  I looked at Chrissy and Jamie.

  "He's got it bad," Jamie said. "Let's go outside and give him what he wants."

  He slid the big glass door open and we stepped through. Patrick seemed to wake from a deep sleep. He looked at the two brothers then at me then back at Chrissy and Jamie. Then reality set in. He yanked the plastic tube from his rear end, jumped up, and grabbed his clothes that were crumpled at the foot of the lounger.

  "What the fuck is HE doing here?" he screamed, pulling on his pants as he stumbled away from us. "I hate you two! I hate you two!"

  Patrick hadn't put on anything except his pants as he disappeared through the side gate.

  I couldn't help it. I felt like I had been kicked in the gut. I started crying. No, `crying' is the wrong word. I was bawling like a little baby.

  I looked toward the gate where he'd run out. "Well, motherfucking Patrick," I sobbed, "I hate you, too."

Now on to Chapter 9

Chrissy immediately grabbed me from in front and gave me a big hug. Jamie hugged me from behind. Both of them were super hard. I could feel Chrissy's little poker in between my legs and Jamie's rubbing up and down in my ass crack.

Jamie whispered softly in my ear, "Patrick doesn't hate you. And you don't hate him. He loves you. And you know fucking well that you love him."

I was bawling and could barely choke out my words. "Why did he say he hates me if he doesn't?"

"He wasn't talking to you," Jamie whispered. "He was talking to me and Chrissy. He was mad at us because we let you see him that way. Pretending like you were fucking him. But I know he doesn't really hate us either. He really has a bad for you, Trent. Every time we fooled around with him last night and today it was for your name. He didn't think we could hear him. But we could."

I started crying even harder. Chrissy and Jamie hugged me even tighter. Gradually the tears dried up. I'm not sure how long we stood there, me being squeezed by my two naked best friends. 

Finally I was ready to ask the question that I already knew the answer to. "How come he feels so messed up about me? "

Chrissy answered, "He feels real bad about the way he treated you the first time. You know how bad his father treats him. How he raped him when he was a little boy. Patrick hates that that he wants to do the same thing sometimes. Like he did to you."

Jamie piped in, "I've known Patrick for a long time. He can be a real nice kid. I really like him. But I think he's afraid of loving people. Anytime he seems to get real friendly with me, he screws it up. I got to make everything okay after he does that. But I don't mind because I really like him a lot. So does Chrissy. I know you like him. And I know what you really want to do with him."

We pulled apart and stood there looking at each other in the sunshine. It was cool to see the two best friends I got. Both naked and both sporting boners even though we were having a real serious conversation.

I touched Jamie's stiffy and then reached over and touched Chrissy's. I squeezed them both at the same time.

"I guess I gotta believe you when you say he loves me. I know it seems stupid that a kid like me could love another boy. But I do. I really want him to love me. But I also want him to fuck me.

"I don't understand it. I didn't like it when he forced me. But also really loved it. I loved feeling his big dick inside me. I've always loved stuff up my butt. But there was something special about his big dick. It was the biggest thing I had in there so far. I hated him right then. But I really liked the way it all felt.

"Then when I heard his story, and found out what he had gone through in his life, I guess I understood. And when the soft, gentle Patrick talked to me or helped me or did good stuff to me, I guess I fell in love.

"But now I really, really, really want him to fuck me."

Jamie picked up a long orange tube that was about 3/4 inch thick. 

Jamie said, "We chose some o0f these tubes that are about the same sizes me and Chrissy and Patrick. This is a Plastic Patrick. You wanna do a fuck-a-rama with it and Chrissy?"

Of course I said yes. 

I turned to Chrissy and asked, "Do you want to play?"

"Fuck yeah! You know I shit fucking want to shit fucking play some shitty fucking nasty cock sucking mother fucking games!" Chrissy said sounding like a truck driver. I laughed.

"You kiss your mama with that mouth?" I asked.

Chrissy pulled me to him, stretched a little bit and planted his mouth right on mine. I could feel his tongue poking between my lips. God, I fucking love that feeling of a tongue probing my mouth.

Chrissy pulled away, yanking frantically on his stiffy. "Yeah I fucking kiss my mother with my fucking mouth. And I kissed your cock sucking, piss drinking lips with it too. And I want to kiss your cock sucking, mother fucking, shitty asshole with it too. I love kissing assholes. Yours. Jamie's. Patrick's. I'd fucking kiss my own fucking shitty asshole if I could."

Jamie pulled Chrissy's hand off his little cock. "Slowdown, dude. I want to get some of that and I know Trent does too."

Jamie grabbed a familiar looking blue-and-white tube from the table. KY. Just like I'd seen in Daddy's and Papa Mark's bedroom and like Patrick used the first time when he raped me. 

Chrissy lay down on a dirty blanket on the lawn. He waved me over. Since I'd seen him and Jamie do their fuck-a-rama, I knew how to position myself so that my butt hole wasn't too far from Chrissy's. Jamie squirted a liberal amount of the KY on the plastic tube and knelt down between Chrissy and me.

"Hey, Chrissy, let's let Trent get used to Plastic Patrick before we do our fuck-a-rama. That okay?"

"Yeah," Chrissy said. "But let me do it. I want to pump Trent's poopy poophole with Plastic Patrick."

At first I leaned up, thinking I wanted to watch Chrissy push the Plastic Patrick into me.  Then I decided not to watch and pretend like it was really Patrick. So I lay back down, closed my eyes, and waited. The next thing I felt was the gooey end of the plastic rod pushing it my hole. I was still a little sore back there from everything that had gone on back there earlier. But it was a good soreness. It was a soreness that made me really feel my poop hole. The soreness made me realize that it was there and I wanted it filled with Patrick, with Chrissy, with Jamie, but mostly with Papa Mark and my Daddy.

Chrissy pushed a little harder and my hole opened a tiny bit, letting the tip of Plastic Patrick enter me slowly. Jamie was kneeling beside me, and I could feel him start to stroke my forehead gently. 

Jamie whispered, "How's it feel having Patrick push his nice, firm, cock into your little boy pussy? You like that? You getting stretched? He's getting inside you. He loves you so much." 

I was beginning to feel full of the plastic rod. It wasn't as good as the real thing, but I still liked it. And I pretended it was Patrick fucking me, fucking my poopoo hole. Chrissy pulled it out a little bit and pushed it back in and pulled it out and pushed back in and pulled it out and pushed it back in. Then he pulled almost all the way out, angled it up a little, and pushed it against my boy place. 

Fuck! That was all I needed. I called out, "Oh Patrick! Fuck me. Fuck me fuck me fuck me hard.

Chrissy did what I asked. He started punching with the Plastic Patrick hard against my boy place. That's all I needed. My body shook with a really, really strong shivers. I think I screamed "fuck" really loud. But I'm not sure I was so lost in my shivers.

Chrissy stopped poking my boy place and let the rod just sit inside me. Then I could feel it wiggling around a little bit.

"I got it in me to now," Chrissy said. "It's time to play fuck-a-rama."

I could feel the plastic rod slowly move up inside my pooper. I leaned up and looked between my legs. Chrissy was in place. He had Plastic Patrick inside his asshole and was pushing it into me. It wasn't as forceful as when he was using his hand to fuck me with it. But knowing that he was pushing it with his butt hole made my little pecker get hard again. I knew what I had to do. I strained like I had to take a poop and I could feel the plastic rod moving down from where it was resting inside.

It started out slowly between us. But Chrissy was evidently pretty well used to this. So he started pushing back harder and faster. I was afraid if I tried to pushed too hard I might actually poop. But Jamie encouraged me by grabbing my hard little nail and squeezing it and rubbing it making me feel really good.

Jamie said, "Give it back to him as hard as he's giving it to you. The little brat really loves it."

I said, "I'm afraid I'll poop if I push too hard.

"Don't worry. Chrissy would love that. He's as dirty a little boy as you are. Maybe even worse."

Chrissy giggled. "Yeah I'm a dirty, poopy, nasty little boy, too. Just like you."

So what could I do? I pushed hard like I was trying to take a major poop. I could feel the rod slipping out of my poop hole. 

I took a breath and stopped. Chrissy knew what I was waiting for because right away I felt the tube coming back inside me. Oh man, this felt so good I couldn't believe it. For all the years I've been shoving something in my butt hole, it never felt this good. Except of course the real thing. A real little peepee like Chrissy's. Or a bigger one like Jamie's. Or in even bigger one like Patrick's. 

I started to get `the feeling' without even touching my so so hard little dickie. I get leaned up into my haze and I watched Chrissy pounding on his own little prick. Oh man oh fuck oh hell. It felt so good I started to get the tingles and with the tingles I pushed back really hard. I farted loud and the tube kind of shot out of my hole fast. Right back into Chrissy.

"Ow!" Chrissy yelled. "Don't fucking stop! Keep it coming keep it coming keep it coming!" Chrissy was yelling at the top of his lungs. I didn't care if anybody heard him or heard me because I started yelling right back at Chrissy, "Fucking take my shit. Fucking take the tube. Fucking take my fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking."

Chrissy and I were flopping around, both of us having huge dry cums. Only mine wasn't completely dry. I peed little bit, not a lot.

I hadn't noticed that Jamie was kneeling beside us. I realized it when he started rubbing my tummy and pushing hard against the rod inside me. He was doing the same to Chrissy.

"Hey guys, I feel kind a left out. When you two come down, do you wanna sandwich?"

I was confused. I was hoping we were going to play around with each other some more. 

"I'm not real hungry right now," I said. "I thought we were going to keep on playing around."

Jaime and Chrissy both laughed.

"Not like eat a sandwich," Jamie laughed. "I didn't say do you want a sandwich? I said do you wanna sandwich? It's something Patrick taught us. Chrissy tell him what we mean."

Chrissy said, "It's a fuck sandwich. One of us gets to be the meat in the middle. And the other two of us get to be the bread. Since you've never done it before, I think you should be the meat, Trent."

Chrissy slowly pulled Plastic Patrick out of my butt hole. He moved out of the way and let Jamie lie down we're here been. Jamie was super hard, grabbed his cock, and pointed it straight up.

"Okay Trent, you climb up and let it slip inside you, "Jamie said.

I eagerly climbed on and let Jamie guide me down onto his super hard 3 inches. Even though I just had a tremendous dry cum, I was still hard and when Jamie's dickey slid inside me I got even harder. 

Jamie reached around my sides and grabbed hold of my little dickie and pointed it straight up. It felt like it had a steel spring inside. Without saying a word Chrissy did his best to climb on top of us. He straddled me and Jamie and slowly slid down onto my dickie. He sighed when his butthole touched my lower tummy. He pushed hard against my dickie and slowly leaned back, keeping me inside his tight little asshole.

"I see what you mean about being a sandwich," I said giggling but trying to control myself. I didn't want to slip out of Chrissy. This was amazing. Jamie's dick was in my pooper and my dickie was in Chrissy's pooper.

Jamie said, "This is the tricky part. We roll on to our side slowly so that our cocks don't fall out of the asshole in front of us."

Jamie gently pushed us over onto our sides. Success! We were still lodged inside each other. Jamie slowly started pushing in and out of me. I loved the feel of his hard boy cock. I knew I couldn't fuck Chrissy very hard. If I tried, I'd slip out. So I moved with Jamie's rhythm just not as much. Double fuck. Jamie fucking me, and me fucking Chrissy.

"Hold up a little bit guys," Chrissy said. As I lay there quietly for a couple seconds I felt Chrissy squeeze my little dickie with his poop hole. Three times he did it.

"Pass it on." I knew what he wanted me to do so I squeezed my own little hole tight three times.

Jamie giggled. "Three," he called out as loud as he could.

We played that game a couple more times and then Jamie said, "it's my turn now. "

"How am I supposed to know how much you squeeze?" I asked.

"Because I ain't going to squeeze you," Jimmy answered. "You'll figure it out."

The next thing I know I feel Jamie's dick squirting in me one...two...three...four...five squirts of Jamie pee.  It wasn't a lot, but it felt warm and made me tingly feeling all over to know that one of my best friends was peeing inside my poop hole.

Jamie knew how much I love to play with my pee and his pee and Chrissy's pee. He leaned near my ear and whispered, "Pass it on pissy baby." It sounded mean but I knew he didn't mean that way. So I concentrated really hard and one... two... three... four... five...whoops. The last one was more than just a squirt.

"I think that was four or five," Chrissy said. "But the last one was a big one. Hey Trent, you want to do it all inside me?"

Jamie snarled, "You got to follow the rules asshole." The next thing I know my butt hole is being filled up with hot Jamie piss. Fuck it felt so good. My rear end was really full of Jamie peepee. I really loved that full feeling. I shivered with a little dry cum. Not a big one, just a little teensy dry one. But oh, it felt so, so good.

Jamie had sounded upset with what Chrissy had asked. But peeing a bunch of it in me all at once, I guess he was giving Chrissy what he wanted. But he did it through me. So I played the game the way it was supposed to be played. I was super boned so it was hard to get started. I concentrated and felt a single squirt leave my dickie. Then it all let loose. I don't know where it came from. I just seem to go on and on peeing and peeing and peeing some more. Poor little Chrissy was really getting filled up.

Chrissy granted, "Fuck man, you're flooding me. Where'd you get so much piss." 

"Sorry Chrissy. It won't stop," I said.

"Don't you dare, you motherfucking pissy baby," Christie said. "I fucking love it. I love your fucking piss pissing up my shit tube. Fucking shit motherfucker cock sucker piss-fucker fucking fucking fucking fuck." 

Chrissy's tight little poopoo hole was biting at my little dickie. He was having his dry cum. But his seemed really, really strong. Chrissy's poopoo hole squeezing around my shaft cut off my pee flow. I was pretty well empty anyway although I could feel a little bit still in me.

Jamie tapped my shoulder. "Don't let him fall asleep, Trent. When he hard cums like that he'll usually fall asleep. Hey Chrissy babe, I'm still empty. You gotta fill me up." He shook Chrissy's skinny shoulder.

Chrissy lifted his head a teeny bit and looked over shoulder and his big brother.

"Okay," Chrissy sighed. "I'll be right there." 

I felt Chrissy's hole grip really tightly around my now deflated peepee. Very slowly he pulled off me. Even though his poopoo hole had gripped me tightly, he squirted a little bit of my pee back onto my tummy. I glanced down expecting to see poop on me. But I was clean. 

Chrissy rolled gingerly onto his hands and knees. I'd expected him to stand up at that point, but he started crawling instead. He saw my quizzical look and said, "If I try to stand up when I'm this full, I'll lose a bunch. And I want to keep your wonderful piss inside me until we play our next game."

Next game? I wondered what that would be. I could see Chrissy's little cocklet as he crawled by my face. He was still boned up. Super, steel hard. There's no way I would ever be able to pee with a boner like that. Jamie must have read my mind.

"Chrissy's always been able to piss with a boner," Jamie told me. "Doesn't matter how hard he is. He's always been able to do that as long as I can remember. Even as a little tyke. Makes me jealous."

The next thing I know Jamie's poking hard into me in response to Chrissy poking his little nail into his brother's poopoo hole.

Jamie sighed. "Oh yeah, little piss baby. Fill me up. Fill your big brother up with your hot piss. Motherfucker. Cocksucker. You're going to make me cum. Shit. Fuck. Piss. Shit fucking motherfucker goddamn sonofabitch motherfucker shit shit shit shit shit."

Jamie's penis was jerking inside of me. He was moving around a lot while he came. I pushed back hard against him, not wanting him to pull out of me. But I couldn't help it, I squirted a little bit of his piss back on him. I hoped it was as clean as Chrissy's had been. But there's nothing I could've done about it anyway.

Jamie finally slowed down his pushing and jerking. He took a deep breath, put his arms around me, squeezed me really tight, and kissed me on the back of my head.

"I love you, Trent. Like a brother. Like a little fuck brother. Like I love Chrissy. But don't forget that. I really love you. 

"Clamp down, little brother," he told me. "Try not to lose anything inside you." 

Still holding me fairly tightly, Jamie gently pulled his now softened penis out of my pooper. I clamped as tight as I could but a little squirt still escaped. I prayed that nothing escaped from the other than pee. I glanced over my shoulder. Jamie's penis was a little bit poopy and there was a tiny bit of poop on his leg. Even though if this had happened to me it would have excited me, I was embarrassed. I must've shown it. 

Jamie nuzzled my hair and said, "Don't worry, dude. There isn't much, and I love it because it comes from you. Now the next part of the game comes. Stand up really carefully and try not to lose anything in your butt."

All three of us moved in slow motion as we tried to stand and not lose any of the peepee that was up our poopoo holes. I felt really full and was afraid I would lose everything as I struggled to my feet. I managed to keep my cheeks and my butt hole clenched tight. Once I got entirely to my feet I stood quietly, concentrating hard so I didn't lose anything inside me.

It looked to me like Chrissy and Jamie were more experienced at this than I was. Once they were standing, they were waddling around, cheeks clenched tightly, but laughing and giggling and poking at each other. 

Chrissy waddled over to me and took my hand and started pulling me toward Jaime.

"This part of the game," Jamie said, "is to see who can keep all the piss up our shitters longest. Hold it as long as you can. When you can't hold it anymore, let me know, and we'll play the next part of the game. While we're waiting, we all got a drink lots and lots of soda."

While Jamie was talking to me, Chrissy walked over to the table and picked up 3 big bottles of Mountain Dew. He handed one to each of us.

"This stuff makes you pee real bad," Chrissy told me. He uncapped his bottle and took a big swig of it. "Go on; start drinking. We gotta each finish it all. We got to fill back up with as much piss we can. We're not finished with our piss games. We got a lot of pissing and drinking and piss drinking to do."

Jamie took a huge drink of his bottle pulled. Pulled away from his mouth. And belched really loud. Then he laughed.

 "My little brother has the worst fucking mouth of anybody I've ever heard. I've never heard anybody could cuss like him. And he's just eight years old. Barely out of diapers. But he is a great cocksucker, and I love to fuck his shitty little asshole."

Chrissy laughed and then flipped him the finger. He took another big hit of Mountain Dew. Then he belched.

I liked the idea of filling myself back up with a lot of pee. The idea of playing more pee games really appealed to me. But when I took my first big drink of Mountain Dew, the pressure in my tummy made feel like I had to poop out all the pee I had inside me right then. Then a cramp hit me. I took a deep breath and concentrated really hard clenching my butt hole as tight as I could. The cramp past and so did the urge to let all of the wonderful peepee I had inside me out of my poop hole.

I took another drink and so did my two nasty friends. I belched and when I did a big squirt came out my butt hole. Everybody laughed, but I had to laugh quietly so I didn't lose anymore.

Jamie, Chrissy, and I finished off the Mountain Dew in pretty quick order. It didn't take long for it to take effect. All of that liquid - and as I found out later all the caffeine - worked its magic. I had to piss. And that's what I told everybody. I used the word `piss.' I wanted to be like my friends and talk nasty.

"I think I'm going to lose the contest," I said. "I gotta poop out - no, I'm sorry - I gotta shit out all that piss inside me real bad. And I also got to piss real bad." 

I wasn't sure where to go. I looked all around the backyard and saw some bushes. I decided to squat behind them. Jamie and Chrissy had a different idea. Jamie grabbed me by the waist and Chrissy ran behind me. I knew I couldn't hold it. But there is no way I was going to poop right there in front of everybody. Jamie quickly changed my mind for me. He pulled me in a hug and squeezed me tightly.

I let go of all of Jamie's hot piss inside me. I couldn't help it. I could hear Chrissy behind me laughing. I could also hear something that embarrassed me tremendously. I could hear my piss splashing on Chrissy's bare skin. I didn't want to look. I was too ashamed of losing control. And ashamed of what I expected to see splattered all over Chrissy as well as my piss.

"Fucking awesome, dude!" Chrissy said. "I can't believe how nasty you are, Trent. You're a fucking nasty piss shitting fucker boy."

The funny thing was I expected it to stink really bad. Just like when daddy and Papa Mark had given me an enema earlier. But all I could smell was piss. I stopped trying to hold it in and pressed my guts is hard as I could to get it all out. Poop be damned. I like being a fucking nasty piss shitting fucker boy.

I finished straining with the gurgly wet sounding fart and a really loud giggle. This was fun. Chrissy came around in front of me. I couldn't see any poop on him so I didn't need to be embarrassed. But even if there had been poop on him, I'm not sure it would've bothered me that much. But Chrissy was soaked head to toe. His normally white-blonde hair was a much darker color. His face was dripping.

Chrissy opened his mouth to let me see a puddle inside. Jamie's piss straight from my shitter.

"Now it's your turn, Trent," Jamie said. "Chrissy and me have been doing this to each other a lot so it's your turn to take it from both of us."

"You guys going to poop on me? I'm sorry I mean are you two going to shit on me?"

Chrissy answered, "Nah, we got it all out earlier. But you know what? I bet you'd like it if we did it."

"Fuck you!" I yelled at him. But he was right. I don't think it would've bothered me if they had a lot of poop to spray all over me along with their piss. I knelt down. Jamie and Chrissy stood with their backs toward me and bent over. They each pulled their cheeks apart letting me see their little butt holes. Butt holes I had fucked several times and loved fucking. I looked at them entranced. Jamie's seemed to flutter a little then it opened up. A big rooster tail spray of piss flew out and splattered me on the chest. He was watching what he was doing so he moved a little bit so his spray would hit me farther up on my body right in my face. My hair got soaked. And nasty little fucker that I am, I opened my mouth and let it flow in there. 

Now, I'd been drinking my own peepee for a long time, before I can even remember. So I knew what piss tastes like. And I knew sometimes it was strong and sometimes it was really mild. Jamie's tasted mild. And I loved it.

All too soon Jamie squeezed his butt hole closed and stopped the flow. Then Chrissy started and aimed perfectly, splattering me on my hair, my face and in my mouth. Chrissy's piss was pretty mild, too. But it tasted different. I'm sure that even though Chrissy had told me that they had got `it' all out earlier, `it' being their poopoo, I'm not sure that was entirely true in Chrissy's case. But I kept swallowing. I couldn't believe how nasty I was being and how wonderful it felt. And I was being nasty with my two best friends. There is just one person missing, and I didn't know if he would ever play these games with me.

Then Jamie started up again. I was being flooded. Soon Chrissy ran out. He turned around and started laughing. Jamie backed up to my face and pressed his butt hole right against my open mouth. Chrissy held my head and place as Jamie let go the last of the piss from inside of his butt hole.

"Don't swallow it, Trent," Jamie said as he pulled away from me. He pulled me to my feet and pressed his mouth against mine. I knew what you wanted. I pushed the piss from my mouth into his. He swirled it around and pushed it back along with his tongue. I stuck my tongue in his mouth and we stood there letting the piss flow between us.

Just as Jamie pulled away from my mouth, Chrissy grabbed his own little dink, strained and started pissing all over his big brother. I jumped up and grabbed my dickie too. I had to piss really bad so I started pissing on Chrissy and Jamie. Soon we were chasing each other all over the yard pissing on each other. By the time we were dry inside our outsides were completely soaked. We collapsed in a little heap and started sucking on each other's dicks and licking each other's assholes.

Without saying anything, Jaime rolled me onto my tummy, pulled my hips up so my butt was in the air, and poked his piss and spit slick dick into my asshole. He was rough, but I loved the way it felt. 

It's as if he read my mind because as he was pounding into me hard he said to me, "Don't worry, Trent. This is going to be Patrick real, real soon. I know it. I know how much he loves you. I know how much he wants to fuck you. And I know how much he wants you to fuck him. It'll happen soon."

Jamie had his hand jerking on my heart little nail as he pounded into my asshole. I started having a ridiculously hard wonderful intense dry come. I think my poop hole squeezing his dickie got him going too because as I was riding my dry cum. he was trying to push his dick so far into me that I felt his whole body would follow behind it soon.

Just as I was coming down from my cum, I felt a big splash inside my poop hole. It seemed like a lot, enough to know that Jamie was marking me with this piss again. And enough to make me feel really full, starting me on another cum just as my previous one was slowing down. 

I yelled at the top of my lungs, "Fucking shit mother fucker piss inside me, Jamie." I couldn't hold it. As Jamie was filling me with his piss, I was splashing back onto him. 

Shivering in my cum, shaking in its intensity, I heard the phone ring.

"It's your uncle," Chrissy said. "He said he's outside the gate and wants to know if you're ready."

"Oh no!" I yelped. "He must have heard us."

"It's okay, Trent, sweetie," Papa Mark called over the fence. "I've been here for a while and it sounds like you guys are having a lot of fun. I'll wait for you here."

There I was, Jamie's dick inside my poop hole. Fresh piss covering this wonderful boy inside me. My skin smelly from dried piss. I wanted to share what I was going through with the second most important man in my life.

"Come on in, Papa Mark," I yelled out. "I'm ready."

I wish you could've seen the looks on Chrissy and Jamie's faces. Classic. Their eyes were wide buggy out looking. Their mouths were gaping open. 

The gate opened. Jaime stood quickly, yanking out of my butt hole really fast. Both my friends were looking around trying to find something to put on their naked bodies. Papa Mark laughed.

"Don't worry, kids. You aren't doing anything I haven't done. You look great like that."

I know Papa Mark enjoyed what he was seeing because I could see a boner in his shorts, a pretty big one. Nice and thick -- and from the spot on his tan shorts -- juicy.

"Hey, Trenster, do you want me to wash you off with a hose and get dressed? Or do you want to go home like that?"

I went over to Papa Mark, hugged him, and grabbed his hand. I turned to my two flabbergasted young friends and said, "Are you guys coming to my birthday party?"

I walked through the tall gate. Papa Mark's van waited at the end of the driveway. I was completely naked. I knew nobody could really see me. Papa Mark wouldn't let that happen. But I felt sexy and nasty being so totally exposed, with Jamie's recent piss in my butt dripping out a tiny bit at a time. 

Papa Mark laid a towel down on the seat of the van and helped me in. He turned and looked at me as he started the van.

"You know what, kiddo? You're quite a guy. Not yet eight, and you already know how you want to have fun. Don't let anybody stop you or make you feel bad about it. You know your daddy and I would never do that."

I leaned over and kissed Papa Mark on the cheek.

"What are we going to do now?" I asked.

"Your daddy and I have a special present for you. It's not your birthday yet, but we want you to open it when we get home so you can start enjoying it right away."

"What is it? Tell me. Tell me tell me tell me."

"You'll have to wait the five minutes it takes us to get home to find out. You're not getting any more information from me until then."

The next five minutes seemed like hours I was so excited.

[TO BE CONTINUED]

=================

Please let me know what you think of the story so far, and what you might like to see unit. Write me at antoniogreen@writeme.com




