Cherry
by Vanessa Evans

Part 09 – The last 3 weeks of my holiday
I suppose that you could say that we settled into a routine, parts very exciting and other parts not quite so.


Friday evenings
The Friday night poker is one of highlight of the week for me. I get very tingly and wet, as the hours count down, just imagining the things that they could do to me.

The guys seem to be spending less time playing cards and more time experimenting with tying me up, suspending me in different positions and trying out all my new toys on me.

As soon as Mick and Lewis arrive, one of them selects a vibrator and loses it inside my pussy and I have to serve them beers and watch the game with the purring going on inside me. It’s usually my first orgasm that signals the end of the card game and the start of the real fun.

They seem to like suspending me outside, or inside if it’s raining, either with a vibrator inside me, and / or the magic wand strapped in place on my pussy; and watching me cum over and over; sometimes when I’m cumming one, or more, of them will spank my butt or tiny tits. That makes my orgasms more intense and last longer.


The first Friday after my new toys arrived Ben put the nipple clamps on me when I was hanging upside down. These nipple clamps aren’t like clothes pegs, there’s a hole in them that goes over my nipples and then something screws through the side and hurts like hell as my nipple gets squashed. There’s a ring on the metal bit that can have a chain or string attached. Ben says that there’s not a lot of point doing that because my tits are so small. 

Ben also says that if I go and visit him when I get older, and my tits a bit bigger, he can attach some rope or chains and pull me around by them; or that he’ll take me to get my nipples pierced so that the clamps can’t fall off.

Mick has even started bringing an expensive looking video camera and recording me hanging there. He says that he’s going to sell the videos on the internet.

One night they played a bit of poker, then strung me up outside, spanked me then left me with a vibrator purring away inside me, and the magic wand strapped in place, with me cumming over and over, whilst they went back inside and played poker again. I guess that I was a bit loud because Ben came out to me and put my ball gag on me; then went back to his game.

When they came back out to me Ben took the ball gag off and I had to give each of them a blowjob before they lowered me down and took me inside. Then I had to retrieve the vibrator (I must give my pussy muscles more exercise) before telling me to get on the floor on my hands and knees.

Guess what they did to me next.


It was Mick’s girlfriend Chloe that came to pick Mick and Lewis up that first Friday. She obviously knew what Mick was getting up to because she wasn’t surprised to see me on my knees with Ben fucking me doggy style when she walked in. We even had a little chat when Ben was done and she said that I could go and visit her at the farm any time that I wanted.

When I said that I wasn’t old enough to drive she laughed and told me that it was a few miles by road but only about half a mile across the fields.

Chloe also said that the offer of borrowing Duke was still there. That Ben could drop me off at the farm on a Monday morning and I could walk back with Duke. Then we could take him back on a Wednesday evening or Thursday morning.

Chloe said that she knew about my little job and promised to come in and see Allison and me one Thursday or Friday. I reminded her that I was only there for the summer holidays.

Then I said,

“Won’t Duke just run off and go back to the farm?” I asked.

“No, we’ll teach you some simple commands, he’s a good dog, and he’s got one hell of a tongue.”

I instantly wondered what she meant by that; had Duke licked her pussy as well.

I looked up at Ben with a pleading look and after a couple of seconds Ben said,

“Okay, we’ll try it on Monday and see how it goes; after all, you’re only here for another 3 weeks.”


The other Friday evenings have been similar to that first one and such a turn- on; except for the last one before I was due to go home to my parents.

After they’d strung me up, upside down with my legs apart, without a vibrator inside me, or strapped to my leg over my pussy; Ben announced that everyone was going to have some fun with something he called ‘orgasm denial’. At first I didn’t know what he meant, but it soon became obvious.

Before they went inside to get on with the poker game, each of them finger fucked me for a few seconds then flicked my clit, That, of course, got me all worked-up, but not enough to make me cum.

Over the next hour, one of them would come out to me every 5 or 10 minutes and finger fuck me and rub my clit just enough for me to ask them to make me cum. Of course they didn’t, and as the times that they did that increased, my requests turned to pleas. 

Eventually, all 3 of them came outside and did the same thing to me. Again, stopping before I orgasmed.


When Mick said,

“She’s going to lose it soon.”

Ben got the hosepipe out and hosed me down with cold water.

Of course, by the time that he stopped, an orgasm was the last thing on my mind.

The guys untied me and dried me off with a towel, then took me inside where I was tied over the end of the table at the opposite end to the card game and they started periodically teasing my pussy again as they played the game.

Again, they stopped when one of them thought that I was about to cum.


When they got fed-up with the poker game, they told me that they were going to fuck me but they gave me strict instructions that I wasn’t to cum and that I was to tell them when I thought that I was getting close. 


The 3 of them took it in turns to just fuck me, no playing with my tits or pussy, or spanking me. By the end of that I really wanted to cum, but instead of letting me, they untied me then cuffed my hands behind my back and told me to get down on my knees.

Three blowjobs later, I was still on my knees when Allison walked in.

“They won’t let me cum Allison.” I said.

“Oh, orgasm denial; that’s a real bitch isn’t it. If they leave you with those cuffs on by morning you’ll be wanting to murder Ben. Don’t worry sweetie, when you finally do cum it’ll be the best one ever.”

We all talked for a few minutes and Allison saw that I was squeezing my thighs together.

“I’d do something about Cherry’s legs if I were you Ben; she’ll manage to make herself cum if you don’t stop her doing that.”

All 3 guys turned and looked at me and all 3 of them grinned.


When Allison, Lewis and Mick left, Ben took me to the bed, lay me on my back then put my ankle cuffs on. Then he used 2 karabiners to attach one of my leg spreaders.

As I lay there, Ben stripped off and went to the bathroom. When he came back he got my 2 diamond butt plugs and filled my pussy and butt. Then he lay beside me, pulled the quilt over us and said,

“Goodnight Cherry.”

“Ben,” I quickly replied, “you can’t leave me like this; I need to cum.”

“Tell me that again in the morning.”

“Please Ben, don’t do this to me.”

Ben Moved a hand to my pussy, flicked my clit a couple of times then finger fucked me for a couple of seconds then said,

“Goodnight Cherry.”

“Bastard.” I replied; then resigned myself to a frustrating night.


It was a frustrating night. I tried moving my hips and clenching my pussy and butt muscles but nothing that I did made me cum. When I finally gave-up and tried to get some sleep. I swore to myself that I’d find out how to train my pussy so that I can easily cum without touching it.


I didn’t get much sleep that night but I must have got some because I woke-up to that wonderful feeling of Ben fucking me. He’d removed my 2 plugs, lifted my legs up and started pounding his cock in and out of my hole while I was still asleep.

The first words that I said that day were,

“You bastard; when are you going to do that again?”

I just managed to get those words out before I had what Allison had promised; a really intense orgasm.


Shortly after breakfast, Mick arrived and after a few words with Ben they went outside and I watched as Mick weld 2 brackets onto the swing frame; then Ben went round the back and came back with a long tree branch. 

Putting the branch on the brackets, Ben shouted for me to get my wrist cuffs and a couple of karabiners and get out there. Two minutes later Mick told me to stand on the branch and reach up. 

“Good guess with the height of the brackets Mick.” Ben said then told me to hook the karabiners onto rings on the top crossbar.

“Right,” Mick said, “now the interesting part. Cherry, can you put your weight on your arms and lift your feet up?”

I did. 

“Good, now lower yourself with your feet behind the branch.”

I did.

“Now use your feet to lift the branch off the brackets.”

I did, and as the branch fell to the ground I realised that I could now easily get myself hanging there all on my own.

“That’s great Mick, I was trying to find an easy way to get like this on my own.” I said, “Now can you work out a way that I can get hanging by my ankles on my own please?”

“You do realise that that by getting like that, or upside down, on your own, with no one else here, you could be hanging there for hours don’t you Cherry?”

“Yeah; that’s all part of the fun; knowing that anyone could come along at any moment and catch me hanging here, as helpless as a girl can be. They could whip my ass or put things in my pussy or butt and I couldn’t do a thing about it.”

“It’s a good job that you live out here in the middle of nowhere Ben.” Mick said.


Monday – Wednesday
Monday mornings started a little earlier because Ben took me over to Mick’s farm. Because it was only Mick’s farm and that he’d said that I could get back to the cottage over the fields, I didn’t bother taking any clothes with me, just my flip flops.

Both Duke and Foxy always came out to greet us and fuss around us as we walked to the milking shed where we usually found Mick at that time of the morning. Ben always checked with Mick that he was good to leave me with him before he left for work. 

In between attending to the milking on the first Monday, Mick told me a few voice commands for Duke and I practised them when Mick was busy. He tried to show me some whistling commands but Duke just looked at me when I tried them.

When the milking was over each Monday, Mick put 2 of the milking machine glass Teat Cups on my little tits and let the machine suck them to about double their size before taking them off and taking me into his house for a drink with Chloe before I set off back. He had to wash my legs with the hosepipe before he’d let me go in each time and he couldn’t resist squirting the hosepipe at my pussy each time.

That first Monday morning was the first time that I’d met Chloe and she’s really nice. She got me a cup of tea and we must have talked for about an hour each day before she said that she had to get on with her day. She told me that she is a teacher so she too was on holiday, but there was always something that had to be done on the farm.

The first time that we talked I told Chloe all about my life over those talks, not missing anything out, she kept saying that I must be one tough little girl to put up with all that, and get to a point where I sort of enjoyed it.

I laughed and told her that I didn’t have a lot of choice and that things were great at the moment.

“Yes, Allison has been telling me all about your fun at her shop.”

We both had a laugh when I told her about what Lewis had said to the 2 young men.


When Chloe left I went looking for Mick. When I found him he called Duke over and told me to stand still in front of Duke and let him sniff all around me each day. I giggled as Duke sniffed my butt and pussy.

“He’s getting your scent Cherry; he’ll be able to find you easily if you get split up.”

“Okay,” I thought, “I’ve heard about dogs and their sense of smell.”

“Right Cherry, come with me and I’ll point you in the right direction.”

As we walked Mick described which way I had to go, and told me that Ben knew what to feed to Duke. Mick also told me that we needn’t go to the farm on the Thursday morning to return Duke. All we had to do was to drop Duke off at the end of the farm’s drive and say ‘Go home Duke’ and he would. 

I set off with Mick telling Duke to go with me and me calling him to follow me.


Duke was good. He was always running around but he always comes back to me when I call him. Each time that he comes to me he has a little sniff around me.

Either Mick’s directions were good, or Duke knew where we were going and before long on that first Monday that I could see the river and recognised some places. 

Before long I was back at the cottage where I had to wash my legs and flip flops again. While I was in the shower and cleaning my flip flops Duke just followed me around and watched my every move.

He even came and sat and watched me when I decided to play with one of my vibrators while I sat on the grass outside after my daily plucking session. As I got more and more excited Duke came and sat right in front of me and was wagging his tail. 

I had this quick flash of a vision on Chloe being in a similar situation and letting Duke lick her pussy and the fucking her. I’d quite liked it when Duke had licked my pussy but the thought of being fucked by a dog didn’t appeal to me at all.

The vibrator was still doing its job and my thoughts about Duke only lasted a second before I started to cum.

Just as the waves started to recede I realised that something had replaced my fingers and vibrator on my clit. Opening my eyes I saw Duke's face between my legs; his eyes staring at my face. It was like he was just waiting for me to give him the go-ahead.

Thinking back to the farm, I smiled and said,

“Go on Duke, make me happy.”

And he did. Oh, what a magic tongue that dog has. Not only was he licking me he was trying to get his tongue inside my hole. As Duke was working his magic I wondered just how much practice he got; and was it Chloe, or was some other girl involved somehow. I thought about asking Ben what he thought. 

Then I came again. 

As I started to come down from my high, Duke tried to put his front legs on me and I felt a warm, wet thing on my thigh.

“No, no Duke; get down.” I shouted.

Fortunately, Duke is an obedient dog and he backed off and sat there, with his tail wagging. I looked down to him and saw his cock sticking out of its sheath. It was so thin and pale, and I thought,

“No, I don’t want that inside me.”

Then I wondered if it was possible to be a dog cock tease.


On that first Monday morning as I sat outside enjoying the sun I wondered if the scouts were still camping down by the river and could I think of a way of teasing some of them, maybe even some of the leaders? I decided to go for a walk and see. I seriously considered putting my handcuffs on behind my back and going like that but I got a bit worried about falling over. In the end I decided just to wear my new dog collar, flip flops and one of the butt plugs. I chose the one with the 6 inch furry tail and wondered what I’d look like walking around outside with the tail hanging down and tickling my legs as I walked.

Calling Duke, I set off and I was soon enjoying the peace and tranquillity, and the fresh air. It’s much better that the city back home. Instead of going straight to the river I turned off the track and made my way through some woods in the direction that I thought the camping field was with Duke running all around the place.

I was right, the scouts had gone; either that or they had a different set of tents. Then I remembered that Ben had said something about a caravan park further along. Dare I go down to the river and follow the path through the camping field and see what I could find?

Feeling a bit brave, and a bit horny, I said to myself,

“Fuck it; just do it.”

So I did. I went down to the river and followed the path through the field. There were only a couple of girls, about my age, that saw me and they just stopped and stared at me. I don’t know if it was because I was naked, or because I had this 6 inch furry tail; both probably.


As I walked on, I saw a man fishing on the bank on the other side of the river. He saw me as well so I gave him a wave.

Then I started seeing caravans through the trees. I got right up to them and watched the few people that I could see. Most of them looked ancient and I guess that I watched for too long because I lost my bottle and turned and walked back. Even Duke's presence hadn’t given me the confidence.

I wondered if Ben would talk me for a walk there with me wearing my dog collar and leash, if I asked him.

One day after I’d walked down to the river I decided to walk back along the river and see what was further up the other way, waving to another fisherman on the other bank. I then went through the field of tents but didn’t see anyone. On I went and passed a turning that I thought would take me up to the farm. I kept going until I saw some buildings in the distance. I wondered if it was another farm.

As I got closer I started to see few houses as well as some barns and decided that it must be a village. Everything looked quiet, so I kept on going.

I got right in to the village before I saw anyone, and then it was only an old man slowly walking along the only street. Duke ran up to him, wagging his tail, and the man put out a hand to pat Duke’s head.

“Hello Duke, what are you doing here?”

Then the man saw me.

“Why hello little girl, what are you doing here?” The man said, “And what happened to your clothes?”

“Oh, err hi; I left them at Uncle Ben’s house.”

“Oh right, so you’re Ben’s niece; I heard that you were a little cracker. If you’re going to be going all over the place dressed like that you should be careful; there are a lot of tourists around who would like to take advantage of you. I’m guessing that since Duke is with you you’ve met Mick and Chloe, but Duke’s only a dog, there’s only so much that he can do to help you.”

“Well thank you for your concern sir; where is everyone? The village seems deserted.”

“Most people are at work, there are only the farm people and old timers like me here during the day.”

“Right; well it was nice to meet you sir.”

“And you too young lady; you’ve brightened my day.”


I walked passed the few houses then turned and headed back. The old man was right; the place is deserted during the day.


Uncle Ben and Mick were right, there isn’t much to do anywhere nearby. I spent most of my time on a Monday to Wednesday during those 3 weeks either out walking in the nice countryside (when it wasn’t raining), or playing with my new toys, or playing with Duke (or him with my pussy).

I thought about what it would be like out there in winter, but not for long; I decided that I’d die of boredom; except that, unlike at home, the people there liked me and made me laugh and happy.


I was still wearing the collar and butt plug when Ben got home that first Monday and he decided the take some photographs of me before fucking me.


On the Tuesday of the second of those 3 weeks, the postman arrived and again, just waked into the cottage. I was being lazy that morning and was sat at the table eating some toast and Duke was sat waiting for me to give him a bit.

Anyway, the postman left me a smallish box that had come all the way from China, and when I opened it, it was the last part of the order that we’d placed online. Its 3 clear plastic tubes, 2 small and one bigger one. One end of each tube is open and nice and smooth, and the other end has a valve thing that attaches to a rubber pipe. The other end of the pipe has a soft rubber ball that when you squeeze it; it sucks in air from the pipe and the plastic tube.

Eager to try the thing, I attached rubber pipe to one of the smaller plastic tubes and held it on my right nipple and areola. Then I squeezed the rubber ball.

OMG! My nipple and the top of my tit got sucked into the tube just like the glass Teat Cups had in the milking shed. It hurt a bit as I pumped the rubber ball but watching the top of my tit get bigger and bigger was amazing. What’s more, it felt good. My tit seemed to be sending a message to my pussy which started to tingle.

I managed to disconnect the rubber pipe from the plastic tube and it just hung there.

I did the same with my left tit then went and looked at myself in the mirror. I giggled a bit to myself as I saw the 2 tubes sticking out with my very swollen nipples inside. I wondered how long they’d stay there and if they’d help my nipples grow bigger. 

I couldn’t wait to show them to Ben.


Next, I put the bigger tube over my pussy and pumped. 

OMG! I wasn’t surprised that it did hurt a little bit, but it was nice. I watched as my pussy lips got bigger and bigger; and so did my little clit. I wanted to touch it but the tube was in the way. 


I wanted to go for a walk with the 3 tubes attached but the one on my pussy was getting knocked as I walked, and I never got more that 3 or 4 steps before it fell off.

I didn’t have the same problem with the tubes on my tits and I walked around the cottage, inside and out, with the 2 tubes sticking out from my chest. I spent most of the rest of the day with them on and Ben got a real surprise, and a grin, when he got home and saw them.


Thursdays and Fridays
On each of the days that I went to work for Allison, she split my time between tidying the racks, being a mannequin and a being a rag-doll. I’m getting better at keeping perfectly still for longer, and word must be getting round the town’s boys and young men because the number of people standing in the street and looking at me is getting bigger.

The braver ones are also coming in to the shop and watching me work and pose when Allison gets me to stand just inside the door.


Lewis is helping me by coming in each day that I’m there and giving some unsuspecting young people that bullshit about me being the latest type of mannequin. He’s managed to get at least one person per day to put a finger in my pussy.

One time when his fingering me, and him getting 2 other young men to do it, caused me to orgasm right in front of the 3 of them. Lewis laughed it off by telling them that it was all part of the mannequin programming.

I have no idea how many of those people left the shop believing that I actually was a mannequin. 


Another thing that Allison did to me was to get me to pretend to be what she called a FlexiDoll for an hour or so each day. She believed that because I could keep still and keep a straight face, she’d be able to get customers to believe that I was a sort of rag-doll. 
 
Allison did it to me the first time and kept moving my limbs and bending me at all angles, and I had to just go along with it, not moving any muscles myself. That was more difficult that just standing there and a few times I realised what Allison was doing to me I nearly moved an arm or leg to help her.

Both Allison and Lewis put me in different positions while customers were watching. Lewis even lifted my off the floor a couple of times by putting his hand over my pubic bone, and lifting me up. Of course, he had a finger inside me when he was doing that.


One Thursday when I was standing in the shop window, Chloe walked up to the window and started pulling faces at me. When that didn’t get any reaction from me she came into the shop and came up behind me. Then she put both her arms around me and pulled on my nipples.

I hadn’t seen her creep up on me and when her fingers pulled on my nipples my concentration failed and I gasped out loud.

“Gotchya.” Chloe said before going off to see Allison.


On the last Friday that I worked at the shop, Ben put my wrist and ankle cuffs and my dog collar on me, and my butt plug (with the tail) in me before I put on one of my tops to go to the shop. When I got out of the land rover, Ben called me round to the driver’s door and stand facing away from him. When I’d done that he got hold of both of my hands behind me and put a karabiner on both my wrist cuffs. He then told me to walk to Allison’s shop like that.

To be honest, I don’t think that anyone realised that my wrists were locked together, or noticed my tail bouncing around between my legs; that is until Allison arrived.

When she saw me she said,

“Fucking hell Cherry; have you really walked through town like that?”

“Yes, why?”

“Because you are so vulnerable like that, you could have been raped. If Lewis had seen you he would have dragged you into an alley and raped you for sure.”

“If it had been Lewis it wouldn’t have been rape Allison.”

“Yes, I guess not.” Allison replied, laughing as she said it. “So do you want to pose like that all day Cherry?”

“I’d prefer it if you could release my arms so that I can take my top off first please Allison.”

“Yeah, that was a bit of a silly question I suppose. Come on, let’s get inside before someone comes to either rape you or lock you up.”


Allison did let me wear the dog collar, cuffs and the butt plug (with tail) all day; but she wouldn’t let me join my wrist cuffs behind me all day. She said that she wanted me to at least do a bit of work.

Instead, she put the karabiner on them when she had me pose in the shop. I got a few strange looks, and one woman asked if Allison was extending her products to include bondage gear.

Allison said that she was considering it and that she’d dressed the mannequin like that to see what reaction it would get.

The woman replied saying that the life-like mannequin looked good like that.


When Lewis came in he looked at me, smiled and said,

“Getting ready for tonight Cherry?”

“Yeah, you’re not complaining are you Lewis?”

“Have you had her in the window like that Allison?”

“Yep! When anyone said anything I’ve just said that I’m trying out some bondage gear to see how sales go. So far, it looks like this sleepy town may just have a few hidden secrets.”
  

While Lewis was there he took great delight describing the ‘features’ of Allison’s new mannequin to 2 customers. One was a teenage girl who did a damn good impression of someone who believed every word that he said.


At the end of the day, when Ben came to pick me up, I was quite upset that my first job had ended and that I wouldn’t see Allison again. I was going to miss my time as a mannequin.


Thursday evenings
The Thursday night swimming is going well, I’m starting to get some confidence in the water. 

The boy about my age has started getting dropped-off for the lessons and hangs around me. He’s called Theo and he’s started getting changed out by the lockers like I do. He strips naked before putting his shorts on and for the showers after the lesson. His little penis is nothing compared to that of Ben’s and Lewis’ and Mark’s, but my pussy does tingle a bit when I see it and he sees me running my finger along my slit and me tweaking my little nipples. 

When Ben first saw Theo stripping in front of me he went off and left me. Later on he told me that he didn’t want to scare off the boy. After that time Ben started going straight to where the parents wait. He’s told me that some of them have talked about me being naked but the men always say that ‘she’s just a kid, leave her alone.’


Weekends
Ben and I have great weekends experimenting with all my new toys and ropes etc. I just love it when I’m tied up and can’t get free on my own. I feel so helpless and dependant and sexy. It’s like I’m giving myself to my captor, trusting them with my body and my life.

The Saturday mornings usually started with Ben tying my wrists and ankles to the corners of the bed, sometimes even before I wake up then him teasing me until I’m begging him to fuck me; which he does.

After that it’s doing the routine things like shopping which can be fun if Ben lets me get things off the lower shelves or bend over to put things into the bottom of the trolley. There’s one young man who works at the supermarket that must like to follow us around because he’s always there whenever I look round.


On one of the Sundays, Ben took me out into the woods and tied me spread-eagle between a couple of trees. It was right next to a path that Ben told me was used by hikers. Of course, I’d gone out wearing only my flip flops and the thought that we could have seen other people at any time was such a turn on.

 
Public Holiday
On the public holiday Monday Ben decided to take me to the big city to have a look around. He told me to put my dungarees dress on and just before we left he told me to bend over. Half expecting him to push a vibrator into my pussy, I was a little surprised to feel my butt open and one the plugs with a fake diamond on the end was pushed in. It was cold and I was pleased that Ben had lubricated it with his tongue before pushing it in.

I was just about to straighten up when Ben said,

“Don’t move Cherry.”

And I felt the other butt plug with a fake diamond on the end being pushed into my pussy.

“Wow, 2 holes filled.” I thought.

When I stood up I smoothed my hand down the back of my dress and as it left the hem it came into contact with the bottom of my butt.

“This is going to be fun; I wonder how many people will see my diamonds.” I thought as I turned quickly and the bib of the dress slid over exposing my right tit.


It took about an hour to drive there and park the land rover. Then Ben led me into the centre of the city. I was expecting quite a few people to stare at me and maybe say something, good, or bad, but all I saw was a couple of teenage boys looking at me as we walked around with me hanging off Ben’s arm.


We had lunch at a KFC, another first for me, where they had those high tables and stools. Sat up on the stool, my dress hung over the back and the front didn’t even cover where my pubic hair would have been. I also quickly discovered that it was easy for the people sat at the lower tables to see my legs up to my hips, and more if I opened them.
 

After lunch, Ben asked me if I’d ever been ten-pin bowling before. Of course, I hadn’t so Ben led me to the bowling alley. 

After getting some of those shoes, and me flashing my diamonds to the man who was sat opposite me in the shoe changing area, we went over to our alley. We were in the right-hand lane of a pair where the left lane had 3 older teenage couples playing.

Ben explained the rules to me then told me which colour ball I should use, and how to hold it. I was amazed at how heavy it was.

Next, Ben showed me how to bowl. As my first attempt went down the gutter I turned and saw that everything had stopped in the lane next to us and the teenagers were all staring at me. Then I realised that my dungarees dress would have gone right up over my butt when I bent over to bowl. I looked down at my chest and saw that my right tit had escaped from the bib part of the dress as well.

Ignoring it, I went up to Ben who told me to have another go. I did, but this time, when I put one foot in front of the other before letting go of the ball, I put my feet about 2 feet apart, and when I bent over to bowl, I stayed like that until the ball disappeared at the end of the other gutter.

I just knew that the teenagers were staring at my diamonds and I got all tingly and wet. I wondered if all my juices would lubricate my pussy enough for the butt plug to pop out. I tried clenching my pussy muscles until I stood up.

“Nice display.” Ben said as I walked back to him and reached up to kiss his cheek. Of course, doing so lifted my dress half way up my butt again.


I didn’t really learn much about bowling but I didn’t care. The teenagers did however learn more about my pussy and butt. One of the girls was bowling at the same time as me and as we got our balls she said,

“Nice display kiddo; I bet that your daddy just loves fucking you.”

I was about to say that he wasn’t my daddy, but instead I turned to her, smiled and replied,

“Not as much as I love fucking him.”


Another time that I was getting my ball and one of the teenage boys was getting his, he whispered,

“Are those real diamonds?”

“No, but everything else that you can see is real.” I replied, knowing that one of my little tits had escaped from behind the bib of my dress again.


What I didn’t notice for a while; was that a little audience had formed behind the chairs for our lane. I first saw them when the camera flashes started so I decided that after each set that I bowled, I’d go up to Ben and put my arms round his neck and kiss him; knowing that my dress would ride up and let the audience have a closer look at my butt.

One time when I actually managed to knock down 6 pins with one ball. I ran up to Ben and jumped up on him putting my arms round his neck and my legs round his waist. Of course, I knew that my dress would be up around my waist and I saw the number of camera flashes increase for a while; especially when I slid down off Ben leaving my dress well up above my waist for a few seconds. 



As we walked back to get our shoes, I looked around and couldn’t see any other girls in there wearing a skirt. I felt sorry got them, knowing just how much fun I’d had flashing my butt to all those men.


On the way back to the carpark, Ben decided that he’d get me some clothes and shoes for school. He said that he knew that his no-good brother and his wife wouldn’t get me any unless they really had to, so we stopped at a few shops and had some fun trying on skirts and blouses that I said would be suitable for school. 

A couple of times Ben asked me if I really could get away with wearing skirts that short. I laughed and told him that the teachers knew what my parents were like and were just happy that I went to school. As I was saying that I wondered if I could get away with not wearing anything at all at school. 


Unfortunately, in the shoe shop, there were only girl sales assistants. That didn’t stop me flashing my pussy and diamonds to the girl who, after an initial shocked look, just ignored my exposed pussy.

