JJ takes a break from Marti, but he can't get away from interested partners.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 20 (Ff, mf, 1st, interr, mc, nc, oral, impreg?, f-solo, tg, voy)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

"This is the last of it," Marti advised her principal as she pushed the last fingerful of JJ's sperm between the husky Black woman's engorged pussy lips, making her orgasm again.

Mrs. Abebe, bent over the teacher's desk with her naked butt in the air, shook in pleasure as her undersexed body accepted Marti's boyfriend's sperm into her fertile reproductive system. "Ohh Goddd..." she moaned.

The slim girl capped the now empty container that had recently held two loads of JJ's cum. "So Ms. Galand gets to keep her job, right? She can hardly be in trouble now that you've joined us, Mrs. Abebe." Marti snickered at how the woman's name sounded like "a baby", and wondered if the older woman could actually get pregnant. Then she realized that of course she could; her principal's body had responded to JJ's cum, which meant that she was fertile.

Ms. Galand -- Yvette -- gasped off to the side as she finished masturbating in her chair. "Ohh wow, that was hot! I'm going to have to go get a 'morning after' pill, though, with all that sperm in me. I kinda don't want to, but I know I should. Does that make sense?"

Marti nodded. She had been on the receiving end of JJ's pheromones just a few weeks ago, and knew that they really dulled your thought processes. She wondered if they had any long-term effects, perhaps contributing to her sudden impregnation kink.

Mrs. Abebe stood up, still shaky, fixed her clothing, and opened her eyes wide. "That was sperm? Oh, I am fertile right now! This was a dangerous thing for us to have done, Miss Everett." She turned to Yvette. "I could never take such a pill, for that would be against God." She caressed her midsection. "Whatever happens, happens, as He wills. And Ms. Galand will keep her job, yes."

Marti felt a little thrill that she might have impregnated two women that day, including Rosie Lee in the morning...maybe three, if Yvette didn't go get that pill after all. She nibbled her lower lip, turned on again. "Okay, see you later!" she called out as she skipped out of the biology lab and pulled out her phone to message JJ.

*Cum over after school?*

---

Over the next week-and-a-half, Marti enticed JJ over for sex every day, filling up at least one condom each time, which, after he left, she emptied into her pill bottle for later sale to whatever fertile women Marti could find, making an average of about $40 per insemination. On school days, she'd always find new customers among the female students or faculty, as word had spread of her magic lotion, and different women became fertile as time passed. Some who had wrinkled their noses when they first smelled the "scented lotion" found it irresistible the next time.

On the weekends, she would find random women around town. She was just an enterprising young woman trying to sell her lotion -- not suss at all -- and her customers left very satisfied indeed...

---

*Sorry not today*

*Y not (frowny face)?* Marti sent back.

*Study group thing* JJ sent. Truth to tell, he was feeling a bit like a stud horse, with Marti jumping him every time they were alone. She was a sexy, gorgeous girl, but his eyes were starting to wander. Every day, different women hit on him, the expanding pupils of their eyes betraying their fertile bodies' response to the chemical signals his teenage body was constantly putting out. Women came in all shapes and sizes, not just slim and cute like Marti, and he yearned to see them all naked. He felt like a jerk, but it was true.

Also, he had been counting days, and knew that Marti would probably be fertile again very soon. He wasn't sure that he could trust her to have safe sex with him when her brain was all messed up by his pheromones. Compounding the issue, he was out of condoms and would have to go get more, but he had no money. Ironically, he was unaware that Marti now had several hundred dollars hidden away in her room from her 'side business'.

"JJ! Your friend's here!" he heard his mom call out.

"Come on up!" he yelled. He heard tromping feet, and then Russ Bannerman pushed his door open. The short, dark-haired boy had delicate, androgynous features, almost pretty for a boy. He was also alone.

"Just you?" JJ asked, craning his neck.

"Um...yep," Russ replied, checking his phone. "The others bailed."

"Fuck! This project's due tomorrow, Russ!"

Russ swung the door closed and it clicked behind him. "I know! Those assholes are just gonna sit back and let us do all the work, now that we're down to the wire."

"Damnit..." JJ sat on his bed and pulled out his notes. "Okay, so what info were you able to find on the Ottoman Empire?"

Russ joined him, scrolling through his phone. "They didn't make furniture, I can tell you that." He gave a sniff and giggled at his joke.

JJ paused. Over the last month-and-a-half he had been conditioned to be very aware of sniffling sounds. But Russ was a guy!

They sat, performing web searches while JJ wrote down as many facts as he could for their presentation. Russ kept sniffling, worrying JJ. "Allergies?" he asked his schoolmate hopefully.

When Russ turned to him, he saw that the boy's pupils were blown out. "Huh?" he asked dumbly.

JJ was stunned. "What...how...?" He regarded the slim-faced boy with his flat chest.

Russ looked at JJ adoringly. "Do you like me, JJ?"

"I...guess...?"

Russ closed the gap between them, his mouth making a bee-line for JJ's.

"Ack!" JJ rolled backwards, out of Russ' reach.

Russ looked forlorn. "Oh...I guess you like girls, huh?"

"Yeah! Yeah, I like girls, Russ."

Russ thought hard, which was difficult for him at that moment. "I...I gotta show you something, JJ," he said. Then he pulled his t-shirt off, revealing a slim torso with a tight undershirt of some spandex-like material. With a quick ripping of Velcro, the undershirt was gone, and JJ was looking at pale breasts above an obviously female hourglass figure.

"You...you're a..."

Russ looked embarrassed. "I was born female, but I've always felt like a boy. I hate these things," he looked down at his maybe B-cup breasts and then tried to cross his arms in front of them.

"Don't."

Russ looked hesitantly at JJ and then lowered his hands, chewing his lip.

JJ gazed at those breasts with their wide areolas and pointy nipples and realized that his cock was hard. "So you're female down there, too?" He gestured between Russ' legs.

Russ nodded and jumped to his feet. In a flash, his jeans and boxers were around his ankles, revealing an unkempt dark bush of female pubic hair.

JJ was looking at the  decidedly female figure of a short-haired girl, pretty even without makeup. "Get on the bed," he ordered Russ, and the trans boy complied, laying back, his eyes wide. Even as horny as Russ seemed, JJ knew his friend was uncomfortable revealing his biological physicality, and so he lowered his mouth to Russ' furry pussy to get him to relax.

"Ohhh, JJ..." Russ moaned, his voice slightly higher than most boys'. How had JJ never noticed, he wondered? He put what Marti had shown him about eating pussy to use, licking all around Russ' pussy lips before dipping his tongue between them. When Russ' clit came out to play, JJ took it between his lips and sucked on it a little, making his friend gasp in pleasure.

This is a hot girl, JJ kept telling himself. I'm not gay! Boobs and pussy...no dick! Finally, he couldn't stand it any more, and unfastened his jeans. As he stood up, he pulled them and his underwear down. His cock sprang out, hard and ready.

"Ohh..." Russ moaned as he saw it. "Please, JJ..." He started to thrust his hips up toward that cock.

Fuck! JJ swore in his head, remembering that he didn't have any condoms. His mind was at war with his body, which was used to sex with Marti every day. I'll just make sure to pull out, he convinced himself, before he nudged the head of his cock between Russ' very wet pussy lips.

As he pushed a couple inches of himself into Russ' fertile body, his friend moaned in pleasure, "Ohh, so fuckin' big!"

JJ smiled at the compliment, and then pulled back in order to thrust another couple inches inside. Finally, he managed to get all of his almost 6 inches inside, making them both groan in pleasure. JJ looked at his friend, with his androygnous features, and started to thrust. He dropped his head down next to Russ' as he increased speed.

"This...this is my first time..." Russ breathed into his ear. "I could never do it before...thank you..."

JJ continued to thrust into his friend faster. His regular sessions with Marti had increased his endurance so he figured that he wasn't going to cum soon.

"Can I get on top?" Russ asked.

JJ pulled out carefully and flopped onto his back. Russ took JJ's cock in hand and stroked it. "I wish I had one of these..." he commented. "I'll just have to settle for having it inside me." Then he awkwardly directed the head into his pussy, adjusted the angle, and then sank down on it all the way. "W-hooo!" he moaned. He paused and rotated his hips, causing JJ's cock to swirl around inside. "Ohh wow..."

JJ reached up and took Russ' breasts into his hands. Russ immediately grabbed JJ's hands and moved them down to his hips. "I don't like 'em touched, okay? Sensitive, but also I just don't want to be reminded that they exist." Then he started to move up and down on JJ's cock. "Ohh shiitt..."

Soon, Russ was really bouncing on JJ, but that caused his breasts to start bobbing up and down. Grimacing, he leaned forward and wrapped himself around JJ's body, crushing his boobs to JJ's chest. With the new angle, Russ could only move his hips, thrusting them down into JJ, hard and fast. Russ' breathing rate increased and his eyes closed as he quickly approached his orgasm.

The new angle, with the added speed, caused JJ to start feeling the tingle of his own starting. "Russ, I'm..."

Suddenly Russ glommed his lips to JJ's, his tongue thrusting into JJ's mouth.

"Mmf! Rsss...!" JJ cried out into Russ' mouth as he tried to get his transgender friend off of his cock before...

"MNNN!" Russ screamed into JJ's mouth as he started to cum.

"FCCKK!" JJ yelled into Russ' mouth as his friend's pussy clamped down on his penis and set off his own orgasm. "SSHTTT!" Then instinct took over, causing his hips to thrust up into Russ, swamping the trans boy's fertile vagina with burst after burst of his dangerous, sperm-filled semen.

As JJ's sperm inundated his friend's primed reproductive system, Russ' own explosive orgasm went nuclear. "HHHGG!!" Then his head snapped back, his mouth open, his spine went rigid, and his pussy went into overdrive, practically sucking JJ's cum straight to the back of his pussy, drowning his unprotected cervix as it spasmed open and close. Russ' ready womb welcomed JJ's spermy arrivals as they slipped through his cervical barrier.

Then Russ collapsed onto JJ, unconscious.

"Fuck," JJ commented.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)