The entire complex was silent, unnaturally so when he knew what it had once been like-- still, the archive room felt even more silent, somehow. The long shelves of boxes upon boxes were oppressive, neatly labelled with the names of the dead.

Squall slapped the light panel on the wall and pushed into the room regardless, letting the door thump closed behind him.

It was a morbid sense of curiousity that had him go searching-- an urge that he almost regretted in the moment that he actually found the box with his own name on it. Leonheart, Squall. His ID number and rank, and that was it. He stood there for a while staring at it before he made himself flip open the lid.

Inside was a bunch of random crap-- loose pages of notes gone dry and brittle with age, the odd collection of miscellany that had been in his desk, the bit of trim that had come off his uniform and that he'd never got around to fixing. But beneath all of that-- his own clothes, leather and synthetic as good as if it hadn't been fifty years since he'd worn them. He pulled them out gratefully, sorted it out and took stock, then changed right there in the storage room. He nearly tossed the old set aside when he was done, but remembered at the last moment that they were just a loan and hung onto them instead. He did make a mental note to give the others directions to this room, though, so that they could maybe find something for themselves that was a little less worn out.

The dead wouldn't need of any of this; might as well get used.

He hesitated when he was done, toying with the impulse to see if he could find the boxes of his few friends from back in the day-- mostly, he knew, putting off the inevitable return to that room with the strangers he now appeared to be stuck with, and Seifer fucking Almasy.

Fucking Seifer fucking Almasy.

He'd had to force himself out of the room, earlier. Had nearly not been able to walk out and leave the big asshole lying there asleep. It was ridiculous. He'd tried to split the man's head open once, and now he was apparently all but glued to his side.

Still, he couldn't stay there with the boxes forever, and fuck, it wasn't like he was going to hide.

He was just heading back towards the door when it banged open on its own-- and into the room stalked the object of his thoughts in the flesh. Furiously scowling, hands clenched at his sides, shoulders bunched-- all the signs, in the language of Seifer, of spoiling for a fight. Squall braced himself and waited for the storm to hit.

He also ruthlessly squashed the little part of him that was relieved at the sight.

"The fuck did you go?" Seifer growled, still coming forward, not slowing down. Squall stood his ground but Seifer just bowled on forward until he had Squall backed into the wall, and damn the fact that Seifer was so much taller than him, anyway, because otherwise the move would never have worked. Squall tipped his chin and stared down his nose at the other man, regardless, and didn't flinch when his back pressed into cold concrete.

"None of your business."

"You think?" Seifer gritted. "If you'd been payin' attention to your new friends when they were layin' shit out earlier, you might remember when they told us that we're pretty much hardwired to each other now. If you'd been payin' attention to pretty much anythin' at all, you'd have figured out that I found you here by feelin' out where you were with my mind. So yes, it fucking well is my business."

"Get off me," Squall said, as coldly as he could manage.

"No," Seifer answered easily. He had both hands pressing Squall's shoulders to the wall, one leg effectively immobilizing his lower body as well. "Not until you stop being a dick."

"Me?" Squall said incredulously. He decided he'd had enough; shoving up and out, he loosened the grip on him long enough to get halfway free, managed to dig a knee into the cluster of nerves in Seifer's thigh and heard him spit a curse. Squall struggled and pulled, working himself nearly free before a still-cursing Seifer managed to firm his grip again.

Seifer's body pressed against his in one long, hot line; both of them were breathing hard. He could feel Seifer's heartbeat against his bracing arms.

He had one moment to feel a horrified sort of realization before he was kissing Seifer again, worrying at his lip while the grip on his shoulder slid unerringly down to the button of his pants, opening it, sliding inside, and then Squall was tossing his head back hard enough to see stars at the impact of skull on cement. He felt another quick burst of pain as Seifer's mouth fastened on his throat instead, teeth scraping and digging in. Groaning, Squall started tugging at Seifer's clothes as well, needing to feel warm skin, needing to get closer to that heartbeat.

It was over embarrassingly quickly, and not quickly enough.

"Son of a bitch," he heard Seifer mutter, as the hand touching him withdrew. He just kept his eyes closed, waiting until he was released, then shoved off the wall and stalked away as well as he could while trying to do up his pants at the same time.

"Squall--"

He shook off the hand that tried to catch his arm, and something snapped. He spun on Seifer and got right up in his face. "What do you want?" he hissed. "What do you think is going on? I don't like you, you don't like me, I doubt fifty years in a tube has done anything to change the reasons for that. If you need another scar to prove it, I'll be happy to oblige."

During his little speech, Seifer's face clouded over with anger. "Well, princess, that may be true, but we still have to live with this. So I suggest you maybe get that stick out of your ass an' get over yourself."

He wanted to walk away. Tried to, but he barely got out the door before something jerked him to a stop, his already-unsettled state and whatever it was that the damned scientists had done to him not letting him take another step. And Seifer took his sweet time coming out that door, looking smug when he saw Squall waiting, like he'd proven some point.

Squall wanted to leave that infuriating, smirking face behind in the dirt. He wanted to go and kill something, only the training facility was a wreck, the drones probably long since broken, and he couldn't get more than ten paces away without that hook in his gut pulling him back.

He wanted to scream, but he wouldn't give Seifer the satisfaction.

***

It took Vincent several hours working on their tiny, patched-together datascreen to get the files he'd scavenged from the lab into order. Most of it was useless, but there were some interesting references-- frustratingly, the things being referred to were nowhere to be found, but it was a start. The next lab, maybe, would have a more intact system, would have been higher-up on the chain of command. Or maybe one of the other groups would have the missing piece, and it would all make sense when they met up and put it all together.

A slim chance, but he supposed they had to hope.

They'd found a broken table in one corner of the room, which had been successfully patched enough to stand upright. Luke, Guy, and Roy were using the surface to pore over their much-annotated maps, trying to decide on a route while their newest two were off who-knew-where. Vincent, at least, had been awake when Leonheart slipped quietly out into the hallway, earlier-- someone had to keep watch, after all-- but everyone had woken when Almasy went slamming out the door a short time later, his face like a descending storm cloud.

"We could take the rail line as far as North Corel?"

"Might be better to get off at the outpost, here; it'll be a longer trip, by the numbers, but we won't have to cross these hills so it'll probably still go faster."

"If we cut south towards Esthar from there, we might even be able to hitch a ride the rest of the way. That was a pretty major trade route, from what I remember; I can't imagine it's changed that much."

The door slammed open again, crashing against the wall, and Vincent glanced over sourly. He was getting rather tired of that. This time, however, it was Leonheart, with Almasy just behind, and there was a dark purplish mark on Squall's neck that explained why he was scowling so fiercely.

Almasy made a good show of being unconcerned, but his posture and expression were both tight with residual anger as he came over to the others and leaned on the table. "What's the plan?"

Guy tapped a point on the map-- "Mideel," he said. "The last lab that we have a location for is there. After that, east again to meet up with the other groups on the Kimlascan border."

"Or whatever it's called, now," Luke muttered. He sighed and straightened, stretching up until something popped. "So," he went on, "you coming with us?"

Almasy laughed, though the sound wasn't particularly humourous. "Do I have a choice?"

Luke rolled his eyes. "You've always got a choice."

"Somehow I doubt that," Almasy repled sourly. And he didn't actually look at Leonheart, but he might as well have because they could all see it anyway. "Seems like I lost my choices when someone doped me up and stuffed me in a tank. And I wanna figure out why, so yeah, I'm goin' with you." He grinned, sidelong; a predator's smile. "Guess that's kind of a choice. Good enough."

"So, okay, I've been wondering," Luke said after a pause. "How did you get out, anyway? Of your tank?"

"Get out?" Almasy repeated blankly. "The thing opened right up. Few hours before you guys showed, maybe, so I figured you had something to do with it."

At that, Vincent looked up sharply. "Where were you?"

"Basement below medical. Fucking freezing down there."

Another facility. Secondary, from the sound of it, but perhaps-- "Were there any datascreens, file cabinets, anything like that?"

"No," Almasy answered slowly, visibly thinking back. "I mean, it's a bit fuzzy, and mostly I just wanted to get the fuck outta there, y'know? Pretty sure it was just a couple of those freaky glass coffins full of green shit. There was all sorts of equipment upstairs, but it was pretty smashed up."

"His tank must have triggered when we activated Squall's," Guy said, frowning. "But why would he be all the way over here, away from the main lab?"

Vincent flipped to his datascreen. When he'd pulled Leonheart's file, he'd also pulled the ones directly attached to it-- which included, he found, a brief note on one Seifer Almasy, referred to by initials and a number rather than name, which is why it hadn't triggered before, but in the context it was unmistakable. "Subject removed from regular treatment and approved for revised formula," he read aloud, "including increased sedative dosage to counteract stubborn mental resistance. Required to note that several of the staff protested the decision, citing past cases where separating designated pairs caused significant distress in both subjects. However, latest tech will be used to link casques, which should negate the effects of distance during the development phase."

"'Designated pairs'," Guy repeated. "That's the first time I've heard them actually refer to it specifically. Whatever is causing this, it was a deliberate attempt to do something. So there should be records of why they did it, somewhere."

"'Stubborn mental resistance'," Seifer repeated instead, sounding amused. He tossed his head back and laughed, loudly. "Fuckin' hell, I coulda told them that."

"What, that you're thick-skulled?" Squall muttered from the side. Seifer's amusement went a little sour, a little sharper-edged, but he didn't say anything, and didn't acknowledge Squall's comment at all.

"You gonna want to poke around down there anyway?" he asked shrewdly, and Vincent nodded. "Fine, I'll give you directions. No offense, but I don't think I wanna go back, myself."

"Could you help us hunt down some food supplies, then?" Guy asked. "We probably won't be sticking around here too long, so we should take what we can while we've got the chance."

Almasy shrugged. "Yeah, sure; could probably dig out a few stashes for you."

Vincent caught Roy's eye, and the two of them spent several moments memorizing the rough sketch and the directions that Almasy gave them. Leaving the others to their own tasks, the two of them set out to try and find a few more answers.

***

He'd been wondering if there would be a fight, but when they left to search the facility Squall came over and joined them without protest, though he didn't look too happy about it. Guy, quite wisely, just kept his mouth shut and held the door open a little longer.

He was a little surprised that Seifer didn't have something to say about it, but maybe the man had some self-preservation instincts after all.

The mess hall with its associated kitchen and stores would have been the logical place to find food, but that very fact also made it the logical place for looters to go first. Guy wasn't terribly surprised when Seifer led them right through it, and across the compound to another building entirely. They searched through classroom cupboards, upper shelves of storerooms, and on one notable occasion beneath the floorboards in a lesser-used hallway. They found a few packets of rations, still sealed, which they scavenged, and plenty more that had split open and spoiled. By the time they'd been at it for maybe an hour, Guy was sweating and dusty and getting tired, and more than a little discouraged at their meagre pile of supplies.

Seifer kept walking, though, leading them down a long hallway from what must have been a grand atrium at one point. They had to forcefully pry open the hydraulic doors at the end of it, an act that would have been impossible for regular people-- and therefore looters, Guy thought hopefully-- but with four of them working at it, they managed to force a large enough gap to slip through.

And on the other side-- Guy stopped dead in his tracks, and stared.

Before he and Luke had ended up in those tanks, the leading scientists of their day had just created a prototype for a small, all-terrain land vehicle. The larger landships had been around for a while, the airships were in the advanced trial stages, but that new design-- it was big enough for two or three people, with large sturdy wheels instead of the massive treads that worked so well on the larger models but were completely impractical on the small scale. Guy had read all the newspapers, followed the development briefs, devoured all of the sketches; it was only a matter of time, they said, before the design would be perfected and production for public use could begin. And Guy had dreamed, someday, of having one of his own.

The creation sitting dusty but unharmed in the center of the garage bore just enough resemblance to those early designs to let him know what he was looking at. It was sleek and black, larger than the specs he'd read. The tires were low and wide, eight to a side; the front end was a single panel of what looked like glass but shone oddly in the light, like dark oil on water.

It was, in short, the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen in his life.

He snapped out of only when Luke elbowed him none too gently in the side; he turned to find Luke regarding him with a look that was one small step short of outright laughter. Guy rolled his eyes, despite the feeling of his face going a bit warm. "Shut up," he muttered.

"Go on," Luke said, voice all but quivering. "I promise not to get jealous if you only make out with it a little."

"Shut up."

Helpless to resist, though, he went over to the vehicle as if magnetized when Luke gave him a little starting push. It took him a few minutes to find the door release, but only because it wasn't actually attached to the door itself but behind in a covered panel nearby. Inside, there were seats for nine, plus a driver; bare metal benches with the minimum of padding, not unexpected at all for a military transport. Guy gave the interior an obligatory once-over before going up and sliding into the driver's seat, stretching his fingers over the controls and imagining, seeing how it had evolved from those early sketches.

He was startled out of his thoughts when someone tossed a heavy, plastic disc onto the console in front of him. "Fire it up," Seifer said from behind him. "See if it'll run."

Guy stared at that disk, until eventually he made himself reach out with only slightly shaking fingers. When he slid the disk into the appropriate slot, it was almost automatic for his hands to move to the appropriate controls, shifting and pressing until the engine began to hum and the console came alive under his fingers. He had to remind himself to breathe more than once, though.

"Bit of a machine hound, are ya?" Seifer asked, though he didn't seem to expect a response since he just kept on talking. "We've got three full casks of fuel out there, you know. You think this thing is in good enough shape to get us where we're goin'?"

Guy frowned, awe fading into the background as he tried to focus on more practical concerns. The power had come on easily enough, which probably meant that nothing important was actually broken, but if he listened closely there was a sour note in the hum of the engines. Not much, not serious, maybe, but still-- "You got the specs to this thing around anywhere?" he asked.

"Manual's probably over in th' room where I found the key," Seifer answered. "If it's anywhere, anyway. C'mon."

They found what he was looking for in the bottom drawer of the musty little office stuck in the corner of the garage, and soon had the schematics all spread out in a wide arc around the nose of the vehicle, which was now gaping open with its access hatch propped up. Guy knew that he was probably muttering to himself as he looked from the plans to the actual machinery; was peripherally aware of the others moving around him, moving things, talking, but really only noticed them when he had to get up and go get some supplies from that back room.

Eventually he sat back, stretching out his shoulders. "Everything looks fine to me," he said to the room at large. "She's just been sitting for a while-- I'll have to oil things up, replace some of the fluids, but she should run fine." He shook his head admiringly. "They must've taken really good care of her, here."

"Yeah, well," Seifer said, "they were anal enough about everything else, that doesn't surprise me."

"How long do you think it'll take to fix everything up?" Luke asked, coming over to stand next to him, peering into the guts of the vehicle without having the faintest clue what he was looking at.

Guy shrugged. "A few hours?" he estimated. "I can keep on here while you go ahead with the rest of the search. That's if there's anywhere left to look?" He glanced at Seifer, but it was Luke who answered with a satisfied smile.

"No," he said, "but look." He gestured to the side, where a pair of crates were filled to nearly overflowing with the little foil-wrapped ration packages. "And--" he gestured to the side wall, where they'd apparently cleared piles of junk away from something fastened to the wall. "A working water filtration unit," he finished smugly.

Guy's eyebrows rose appreciatively. They'd been rationing their drinking water for what seemed like ever, not knowing whether the areas they traveled had clean supplies or not. It didn't matter for washing, or most of the cooking they did, but to drink they figured it was better to be safe, and it would definitely be nice to have a fresh supply.

"So," Luke went on, "we're going to go back and get our containers, and see what else we can hunt up to fill. But if you think this thing will really work, we'll just leave the rest of it here to load up when we leave."

"Sounds good," Guy said, already turning back to the beautiful tangle of machinery before him. He barely heard the others leave, when they went, too busy getting his hands covered in grease, humming quietly to himself as he worked.

***

The strained silence in the room was becoming rather uncomfortable. Roy and Vincent were still gone. Squall was sitting on his bunk, looking violently unapproachable, while Seifer wandered aimlessly around the room like a caged animal. They'd already filled as many water containers as they thought they could carry or ever possibly use, and even spent some time sorting through the creepy little room full of boxes that Squall had pointed him to, where he'd found some extra clothes that looked like they would fit. Luke had gone back down to the garage to leave a set for Guy, but since then-- he shifted in his seat, and made a show of looking at the maps because he didn't want to just sit there not saying anything.

After a few minutes, though, he felt the table rattle as Seifer thumped down into the other chair. "So," he said, "why are you okay bein' here by yourself when Guy's all the way across the compound?"

Luke blinked. "Hunh?"

Seifer frowned. "You an' him, you're the same as me an' the princess, right? You're a--what the hell was it, a 'designated pair', or whatever. Right?" He waited for Luke's reflexive nod before continuing. "So if I get antsy bein' out of eyeshot of him," he went on, indicating Squall with a broad wave of his hand, "how can you sit here an' be fine with Guy out there by himself?"

Because we're not fighting the connection tooth and nail, Luke thought but didn't say. Now that it had been brought to his attention, of course, he could feel the tug of Guy, feel the first stirring of the worry that had made them both thoroughly irrational before they learned to deal with it-- but Luke took a deep breath, let it out and focused himself until the feeling faded again. He decided on a version of the truth. "We've had more time to get used to it," he answered. "You do learn how to deal with it; we pretty much had to if we wanted to be able to function. It would have driven us both nuts if we were stuck to each other like burrs all the time."

Not that he wasn't wishing he had stayed and let Guy talk mechanical nonsense at him, after all, because it probably would have been better than having this conversation. Seifer was still watching him intently, practically dissecting him with his eyes, and though Squall definitely wasn't looking their way Luke could feel the weight of his attention as well.

"Hunh," Seifer said, and turned his head to stare at Squall. The aura of tension around the other man racked up another few degrees.

"It's just," Luke finished weakly, "give it time."

With time, they'd either figure it out or kill each other. Luke figured it was pretty safe advice.

The door chose that moment to open again, abused hinges squealing lightly, and Luke glanced over gratefully to find Guy coming through it, a small streak of grease striped darkly across one cheekbone but otherwise cleanly dressed in his new clothes. "Hey," he said by way of greeting.

Luke smiled back at him. "Hey. How does it look?"

"Good-- really good, all things considered. Don't think we should have any problems getting to Esthar, at least, with the fuel we've got, assuming the numbers in the specs are even close to accurate. We'll have to see when we get there if we want to try and push all the way to Mideel, though. I suppose at worst, we'd just end up walking for a few days."

Guy's hand settled warm on the back of his neck, rubbing gently, and Luke sighed at the pressure. "Not like we haven't done that before," he said vaguely, eyes starting to drift closed.

"I was thinking, while I was down there," Guy murmured from very close by his ear. "After this we're going to be in close quarters for who knows how long. We should take advantage of the privacy while we can."

Since Luke had quite suddenly started thinking something similar, it wasn't hard to convince him. He did glance back uncertainly as they slipped out the door, though, seeing Seifer still sitting by himself at the table, staring now at the ceiling. Luke sighed. There was nothing he could do, he knew that, he knew they had to sort it out themselves, one way or another. But he still felt kind of badly for the two of them.

It was too bad that they really didn't seem to like each other at all. He supposed he was lucky that he'd been paired up with Guy, who at least had been his friend, before.

They found another room down the hall, pretty much identical to the one they'd just left but in much lesser repair-- most of the bunks were nothing but debris, none of them had mattresses. It had an intact door, though, which was all that mattered to them at that point, so they went in anyway. The moment the door closed behind them, Luke slid arms around Guy, fingers already working beneath his shirt while Guy's lips touched warm and wet up the line of his jaw.

They used the wall as support; they stripped each others' clothes off because it was so rare that they could, and skin against skin was so much more satisfying, with Guy warm and right there against him, just-- filling up all the needy places inside him that wanted to crawl inside Guy's skin and be close to him, all the time.

He saw Guy take the little vial of oil out of his pocket, set it carefully aside just in reach, and as always Luke had the moment of weirdness when he really thought about what that was for-- the moment where the part of him that was still Viscount Fabre said, usually in his brother's voice, you're going to do what, now?

But then Guy pressed forward, and the moment passed as it always did as Luke's mind started to shut out everything that wasn't Guy, Guy, Guy--

It was his turn, so he lifted his leg to hook over Guy's hip when Guy nudged it up, breathed in deep when Guy worked the first finger in and let it out on a groan when he found that spot right off. At first, he ran his hands over Guy, rubbing at his sensitive nipples to make him shiver, but after the second and third fingers it was all he could to cling to Guy's shoulders and keep his legs from buckling. When he couldn't take any more, he turned them until he could brace his hands against one of the larger pieces of bedframe; Guy didn't waste any time, but pressed up close to his back and pushed until the hot, hard length of him was seated in Luke's body as far as it would go. And then it was just a matter of hanging on, moving desperately back into Guy's thrusts, nearly growling in frustration when it almost but not quite went far enough to drive him over the edge.

Guy's rhythm went shuddering and erratic just before he stiffened-- and relaxed with a gust of breath on the back of Luke's neck. The whine that came from Luke's throat when Guy pulled out was one he would deny to his dying day, but then Guy tugged him around to face him, gave him a heavy-lidded smile and a deep, devouring kiss before sliding down in a sweat-slick press of skin to wrap his mouth around Luke's cock instead. Luke sank back until he was practically sitting on the broken bedframe, one hand in Guy's hair, eyes closed-- the force of his orgasm bent him nearly double, and he came back to himself with both arms cradling Guy's head in his lap, both of Guy's arms around his waist to brace him as he sank bonelessly to the ground.

And there they lay, Guy half on top of Luke, curled into his body, both of them with their eyes closed as their breathing slowly evened out. Guy eventually nipped his way up Luke's throat to his mouth, and they kissed long and slow before drawing reluctantly away. Luke slitted open his eyes to see Guy watching him from only inches away. "Better?" he asked quietly.

"Mm." After one last, light kiss, Guy pushed back and looked around, finally drawing over a scrap of what might have once been a bedsheet to clean them both off. Luke still felt kind of sticky as he pulled his clothes back on, but that wasn't such an unusual thing. And it was worth it for the warm relaxation in all of his limbs, for the quieting of that need for a while. For the way Guy stopped him just before they could leave the room and wrapped around him again, just hanging on, soaking up the last few moments of quiet they would have for probably quite some time.