The inevitable occurs, twice.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 16 (MF, inc, interr, mc, nc, oral, preg)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

*Mom's period came, Lina's didn't*

JJ stared at Marti's message. Did that mean...? He started to type back, but then his phone rang.

"Figured you'd have questions," Marti told him. "Our periods are super synced, remember? Mom's actually arrived on the weekend, like mine, but I didn't see her pad in the trash. I just came right out and asked them both today."

"So Lina..."

"Yeah, she's pretty sure you knocked her up. Said she felt weird about a week after our orgy, with a weird pinching above her stomach, about where her uterus would be. I'm so happy, JJ!"

He sat down on his bed. "You're...happy?"

"Sure! I'm gonna be an auntie, my stupid sister's gonna get all big and bloated so I'll be the pretty one...what's not to love?"

He couldn't believe what he was hearing. "I'm 16, Marti! How am I gonna take care of a baby?"

"Heh, that's the best part! She's gonna tell her boyfriend it's his. You're off the hook!"

Relief flooded through him. "Oh shit. I just about had a heart attack!" But, he realized, even if Lina lied about the parentage, he would still know that he was a dad at 16...no, he'd be 17 by the time the kid would be born. His head was swimming and he felt hot.

"I gotta go, Marti." He hung up.

---

The next morning, JJ heard the sound of someone vomiting in the bathroom as he went by in the hall. He knocked on the closed door.

"What?!" It was JJ's sister, Regan.

"You okay?"

"GO 'WAY! This is your fault, JJ! Oh, God...uhgghkkkk! Urgghhl!"

His fault, he wondered? "I haven't had the flu since last year!" he called back through the door. Hearing no response, he shook his head and went to go use the downstairs bathroom.

Regan knelt, slumped over the toilet. She knew that this wasn't the flu, not after she missed her period a couple of weeks ago. JJ's sperm, pushed deep inside her fertile vagina by her own fingers a month previous, while her brain had been unknowingly discombobulated by exposure to her half-brother's pheromones, had made sure that her next period would not be arriving as scheduled. Implanted in the lining of her womb, their fertilized egg grew slowly, gradually modifying her body chemistry to prepare it for what was to come.

---

John woke to the wonderful sensation of his cock being sucked. He opened his eyes to see the slim Indo-American Rani surrounding his member with her mouth.

She pulled off of him with a loud smack. "I missed you last night, John. Mistress Marla's busy, so I don't think she'll mind if I wake you up?" He shook his head and she climbed astride his hips, lining his hard cock up with her shaved wetness. He easily slipped inside her.

"Ooh, John, you always feel so good." She was going to ask him to pull out this time, but he had filled her up with his seed so many times over the previous few days that it seemed a silly request. What was that saying? 'No point in closing the barn door after the horse has escaped.'

She rode him to her first orgasm, and then John flipped her around to doggy style, battering her pussy with his cock as he rammed into her. Given the timing, he figured that this would probably be her last fertile day, so he would make the most of their last fuck, at least for this month.

"Ugg...ugh...oh, John..." she moaned, cumming again.

As he felt her orgasming pussy grip his cock, his own orgasm rose to greet it. He blasted his first cum of the morning deep inside the Indo-American woman, hosing her vulnerable cervix with his dangerous sperm and making her orgasm redouble itself in intensity.

Her body shook in pleasure under the chemical assault of his sperm interacting with the pheromones she had been breathing in. Her fertile reproductive system practically sucked on his cock as it accepted his manly tribute deep inside of her.

"Uhh...unhh...ohhhh..." she moaned and fell forward, her butt still elevated, as she passed out. She dozed as John went to relieve himself, and his sperm took the time to leisurely soak into her cervix.

---

"What can you tell me about JJ, Sally?"

The tall girl looked uncomfortable in Ms. Diego's (aka Agent Carmen Sandoval's) office. "JJ? Why are you asking?"

Carmen steepled her fingers. Her keen investigative skills were telling her that JJ had been telling the truth about Sally; this girl was not a nice person. "Because I've been informed that you and he have an interesting relationship. Care to tell me about it?"

Sally was starting to look scared, like a hunted animal. "We...we don't have a relationship! Who said that? He told me to stay away from him."

"When was that?" Carmen wrote that down on her notepad.

"Just yesterday."

Carmen frowned. "When yesterday?"

"Um...after school." Now the girl looked embarrassed.

Carmen considered her story. JJ had said just yesterday that Sally had stayed away from him for weeks on her own, so why would he then immediately seek the girl out to tell her to stay away from him? It didn't make any sense. What was she missing? She didn't think the girl was lying, though it seemed that she was holding something back.

"Can...can I go now, Ms. Diego?"

"Hm? Oh, yes, Sally, thank you for your time." Carmen rose from her chair as the girl left, and started to pace about her office. She would have to call JJ in again...there was something about the boy that compelled her to see him once more...

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)