The candles floating near the ceiling of Lucius' bedroom had been there on previous evenings, but there seemed to be more of them on this particular occasion, and the scent of roses wafted from the petals scattered about the hearth. The heavy curtains that surrounded the bed hung half-open -- or perhaps half-shut -- conveying a sense of anticipation, like lips parted in surprise. Severus took a breath of the sweet smoky air, also weighty with expectation, and wondered whether Lucius Malfoy had swallowed some sort of aphrodisiac...or if perhaps Lucius was just mocking him with the romantic atmosphere as a prelude to some torment he had plotted.

Lucius led Severus from the doorway to his bed, drawing aside a curtain to invite him to sit. Chocolates and firewhiskey sat on a silver tray on the bedside table, while a glass jar containing a glowing lubricant potion rested in the corner nearest the pillows. With a smile Lucius stretched out on his side on the thick bedcovers, kicking off his shoes as he let his thick blonde hair sweep to the mattress.

"Why don't we do what you want tonight," he told Severus.

Sometimes, when Lucius made such an offer, Severus was certain he did so only to guarantee its inverse. He dared not risk making demands on Lucius and was coming to realize that he felt safest -- and most satisfied -- when he could take the older man's pleasure for granted. The lazy, contented look on Malfoy's face belied his gleaming, predatory eyes, which gave Severus the impression that he was being evaluated rather than granted submission. With half a smile, he asked Lucius, "Are you hoping I will do something so inappropriate that it will give you an excuse to throw me out?"

"Perhaps I'm just tired of being in control." This was an even more dangerous line of conversation. Lucius was always in control. Even when he asked Severus to fuck him, he was in control. He could immobilize himself and remain in control. Lucius' smile and casually fidgeting fingers suggested that he understood this as he continued, "And why do you keep suggesting that I am looking for a reason to be rid of you? If I didn't want you here, you would never make it through my front gates. You are here because I wish you to be here, and I had guessed you wished to be here as well."

"Of course I do." Severus struggled to keep irritation from his voice. Rising, he walked over to the small table with its decanter of whiskey, pouring a glass for himself and another for Lucius. "Though I do sometimes wonder how many others you have waiting in the wings."

"Before you make yourself miserable again over Narcissa Black, I've been thinking about how much fun it would be for us to go out together. I'm sure you know her sister Bellatrix? Not as beautiful as Narcissa, it's true, but not as cold. If you've been curious, the four of us could..."

"I didn't mean Narcissa," interrupted Severus, again trying not to allow himself to become rattled. Lucius was almost certainly joking about trying to arrange a date between himself and any of the Black sisters, who had even more contempt for the Snape family's undistinguished bloodline than did Malfoy himself, for somewhere back in the French branches of their family trees they shared relations. "I'm sure that if you wanted to be rid of me, you would have other distractions. That gardener of yours doesn't only tend your roses, does he? I've seen him watching you. And I'm certain that Goyle..."

"Stop it," Lucius snapped abruptly. "There's a difference between servants and colleagues." The statement came as no surprise, yet Severus was startled at just how much it stung. He had not doubted that Lucius entertained himself with the attractive young men in his employ and some of his parasitic friends, particularly the lanky, mute gardener whose zeal in caring for the blossoms that surrounded the house went beyond ordinary fear of disappointing a Malfoy. Yet to hear it said aloud cut Severus cruelly, and he took a gulp of whiskey to hide his face. As if he understood, Lucius added, in a placating tone, "It's only been when you couldn't be here. It isn't as if I go looking for other people."

"So, as I said, it isn't as if you'd suffer from my absence." The whiskey had burned past Severus' throat but the sting of the words had not abated. "You have plenty of diversions when I can't drop everything and come rushing over to make sure you haven't decided to replace me. Is there anything you truly care about, other than the fame and fortune of the House of Malfoy?"

"If you're so worried that I'll become bored with you, why do you evade every opportunity I give you to take the initiative?" retorted Lucius, sipping his drink. "Honestly, Severus, you always attribute the worst possible motives to anything I do, even when I'm trying to be generous. You're in no danger of my thinking of you as a hanger-on, so take what I offer. You can do anything you like. I won't stop you -- nor will I punish you later."

"Not even if I mess up your precious furniture or your robes or your very expensive curtain tassels?"

"They can be cleaned, or patched up." Reaching across the bed toward the table to put down his empty glass, Lucius leaned close to Severus; his gaze was now positively hungry. "And I never really liked those tassels anyway. You could help me pick out new ones. Something soft, but firm..." Promise gleamed in the pale blue eyes.

"You wouldn't punish me? Even if I put an immobilus spell on you and took you unprepared? Or if I pinned you upside down to the wall and made you suck me like that..."

Lucius' eyebrows had crept toward his hair. "Well, that's creative." He smiled again. "No, I wouldn't punish you. Honestly, are you so afraid of me?"

"You bastard. This has nothing to do with fear." Except, of course, that it did, and Severus struggled to find the words to explain why. "I think you really do want me to do this -- to take you, to enjoy you -- so that when you tell me it will never happen again, I will know exactly what I've lost. You'll have weeks of pleasure listening to me beg. Wasn't that your intention the very first time you used me..."

"Believe whatever you'd like." Lucius' face had grown hard. He had apologized once for wiping Severus' memory of the first time; he would not do so again, and Severus did not think that he was sorry to have sole possession of that most intimate of moments. "I have no plans to tell you that it will never happen again, but if that's what you need to believe, so be it. Now stop making excuses!"

"Damn you! Stop pretending that this is about me. If I don't believe you, it's because you have not often been forthcoming with me!"

"I'll be as forthcoming as you deserve," replied Lucius with a wicked grin. Then, growing serious again for a moment, he said, "I'm not forthcoming with anyone. This is new to me."

"Fucking is new to you?" Severus demanded, feeling again that he was being mocked. Surely Lucius knew that he had never done anything like what he suspected Lucius was suggesting, dominating another man, and he was being asked to do it by a man who had spent his life mastering others, often merely to gratify his own ego. It didn't help that Severus was achingly hard at the idea -- frightened of it and desperate for it all at once.

Sighing and twisting upright to pour himself more whiskey, Lucius frowned. "Having to negotiate with a lover is new to me," he admitted. Severus was so shocked at the intimate term that he forgot for a moment that it had probably been carefully chosen, calculated to give Lucius his way. "You were right -- finding someone to suck my prick is not difficult. There are any number of people who will do it for me even though they find it demeaning, and a few who seem to treat it as an honor, which is even more pathetic. It's become a meaningless act. You know I had never let anyone fuck me before you. I never wanted it; I never considered it. You believe me, don't you?" He took a long drink, and then put the decanter back on the table.

That much Severus did believe; he took the fact that Lucius would let himself be fucked by him as an indication of how unthreatening Lucius found him. It was also all too easy to recall the first time Lucius had invited him up to these very rooms, for the act that Lucius had just described as meaningless, on which occasion Lucius refused him even the satisfaction of touching him. The older wizard did not go out of his way to cause pain, but he was stingy with pleasure. Severus had no doubt that if Lucius decided he wanted to, he would strike him, pull his hair, put him in chains, even make him lick his own come from Lucius' arse.

Stepping back to the table, he lifted the decanter, drinking straight from it, which he knew Lucius loathed -- Lucius who would rather have fetched him a glass himself if necessary. It might have given some further satisfaction to throw the decanter, but it would have been childish. "You wouldn't object if I wanted to push you face-first against the wall and fuck you raw," he mused aloud, just to see Lucius get angry.

Getting to his feet, Lucius plucked the decanter from Severus' fingers. He put it down, then pressed close, rubbing against Severus' hip through the layers of fabric separating them. "You wouldn't dare," he whispered. "You'd be afraid to do it."

"You've accused me once too often of being a coward," snarled Severus, sinking his fingers into the fabric of Lucius' expensive, lovely robes and tugging too hard on the material. He steeled himself not to wince as he heard the fabric ripping, but Lucius only sneered, reaching up to grab one of Severus' wrists. In a single gesture Severus yanked his wrist free, wrested Lucius' torn robes halfway down his body and shoved against the older man, pushing him back toward the wall. "Do not," he grated, "assume that everyone needs to flaunt his power the way you do."

"Then prove me wrong."

"I don't need to prove anything to you. And regardless of how little you think of me, I don't have anything to prove to myself either." The robes made a very satisfying tearing sound as they fell at Lucius' feet. He wore nothing underneath, which did not surprise Severus, since Lucius took for granted that he could fuck Severus whenever he pleased once Severus arrived at his home. "Stop toying with me!"

"I'm not toying with you," said Lucius with a note of feigned, wounded innocence in his voice. Reaching out, he trailed a finger down Severus' neck. It was very satisfying to surprise Lucius, to grab both his wrists, pinning them against the wall beside his head; it was even more satisfying to feel Lucius resist yet fail to break Severus' hold. When he was certain that Lucius would not break away, Severus pulled one hand back and began to tug at his own robes. He kept Lucius' other wrist pinned lest he should have gotten any ideas about helping him.

"Turn around," he barked.

Obediently Lucius turned, bracing his hands on the smooth dark wood of the wall. "Is this good, Severus? Is this how you want me?" Submission sounded like mockery from Malfoy's lips. Severus pressed close, not gently, and let his teeth scrape along Lucius' shoulder until he heard an indrawn breath. Then he buried his face in the long, sleek hair -- how he enjoyed Lucius' hair, and how he envied it. He took a moment to grab the man's body possessively, stepping on one of his bare feet, running hands up his sides and around to pinch his nipples until Lucius tilted his head back against Severus' shoulder, letting out a whimper.

Severus was in no mood for games. He was feeling quite aggressive and quite uncomfortable, standing at the edge of Lucius' valuable Oriental rug, rumored to be a fragment of the legendary flying carpet from the Tales of the Arabian Nights -- though Severus suspected that had been a simple wingardium leviosa spell performed for uncomprehending Muggles. His cock rested between Lucius' buttocks, squeezed pleasantly in that warmth; they stood thigh to thigh with Lucius' hair draped over his chin and chest like a soft, sleek blanket. Heart speeding until he could feel it in his throat, Severus reiterated, "Anything I want?"

Shamelessly, Lucius rubbed himself back against Severus, closing his eyes and moaning, "Anything." There were still things, Severus knew, that were not included in anything. But Lucius believed that he was a coward, and Lucius had promised that there would be no penalty. His knees were tense, on the verge of trembling; he shoved them forward, banging Lucius' knees into the wall with a dull thud against the wood. The nipple under his fingers had grown stiff, and he tugged at it again, pressing his face into Lucius' hair where it cascaded between them. The older man cried out and writhed, breath coming in panting little gasps. His lack of resistance was excruciatingly arousing.

No need for a struggle, then. The wand was trapped in Severus' twisted, half-discarded robe, but an accio spell brought it to his hand. The little jar of lubricant was also out of reach but the charm that served the same purpose fell from his lips from memory. Then his cock surged forward, pressing Lucius open without the slightest preparation. "I should fuck you dry," he snarled at Lucius, only to be rewarded by a ragged moan as Lucius rose up on tiptoe, trying to sink down onto Severus with his weight balanced against his splayed palms on the wall.

"Yes," Lucius gasped, thrusting his hips back invitingly and glancing over his shoulder. "Fuck me hard. Make me taste you." Part of Severus was sorry to have him agreeing so quickly, without protest or begging, but a far greater compulsion demanded nothing other than to shove himself into Lucius and fuck him until he came hard. And Lucius was waiting, eager; fuck him...fuck it all, Severus thought, or rather tried not to think, as his hips lifted and his cock slid deep into the unresisting channel.

Lucius' head fell back and his mouth opened on a loud, drawn-out cry. He tried to escape by leaning forward, but Severus' hands were on his hips, holding him still. Whimpering, he covered one of Severus' hands with his own. "Please. Now. Oh..." he whispered shakily, as though he wasn't sure whether to ask for release or more of the same. Severus' first few thrusts were brutal, crushing Lucius against the wood of the wall, and Lucius' shouts only made him more urgent. He slid a hand from Lucius' hip to his cock, pumping him, as his own body jerked, pelvis tightening with tension and need.

With his fingernails clawing scrapes into the smooth polished wood of the wall, Lucius thrust into Severus' hand, occasionally uttering nonsensical babble that might have been begging but Severus could not spare the concentration to listen. As he had expected, Lucius was fucking him, jerking his own body forward and back along Severus' cock, which would have been arousing enough even without the pleading. "Fuck me, fuck me," groaned Lucius, and something that might have been "yours" or "whore" -- Severus did not care which, it was too much. Yanking hard on Lucius' cock, he roared a curse as he slammed upward into the tight channel, desperate to imprint himself on his lover.

The muscles of Lucius' arse clenched Severus, making him cry out as loudly as Lucius. There was hot liquid spraying over his hand, shooting up his arm and dripping onto the floor. Then the clamping let up, Lucius' knees slumped forward against the wall, and Severus thrust into him again. He thought that Lucius would remain in control even then, ordering him to lick his hand clean, calling him his little slut; and perhaps Lucius would have been right, for Severus pulled his dripping fingers not to his own lips, smearing Lucius' come across his face, sucking it off his fingers, moaning at the taste smell feel as he pumped into Lucius one last time while his cock erupted.

Lucius slumped heavily against the wall, gasping for breath. They stayed as they were for several long, dizzying moments, with Severus pressed against Lucius' back, the wall supporting them both. When Severus eventually tried to move away, Lucius' knees gave out and he all but crumpled to the floor, leaning with one shoulder against the wall, staring up at Severus. The older wizard looked unexpectedly vulnerable, kneeling on the stained carpet, panting. Severus had started to reach for him when he was gripped by an impulse to fall to his knees at Lucius' side, to put his arms around him, to bury his face against his shoulder...to kiss him, thank him, apologize, hold him. All things he dared not do.

Stiffly he extended a hand, not quite close enough to draw Lucius to his feet, if Lucius was, indeed, ready to stand. "Are you hurt?" he asked tightly.

Lucius didn't move. His eyes darted to Severus' hand, then closed as he leaned his head back. "I...don't know." Towels, wand, blanket, Severus thought in no particular order. He knew that he should move to get these things. He did not, and Lucius, watching him, licked his lip. "Was it good for you?" he inquired.

Severus found that he could not answer. He nodded, closing his eyes, and his own knees refused to hold him anymore; he dropped onto them on the rug, reaching out instinctively to Lucius for balance, and taking hold of his arms, Lucius pulled him close.

"That was just what I wanted," he said, pressing his face against Severus' neck, which sent his hair cascading over Severus' shoulder once more. Turning, Severus rubbed the cool softness against his cheek before he realized that Lucius might think he was...snuggling. He felt Lucius' cheek brush against his own, Lucius' fingertips moving over his back, and pulled away, flushed with embarrassment, while an inquiring eyebrow cocked above Lucius' pale blue eyes.

Severus' throat felt sore from shouting and he did not trust it not to betray him the way his body had. He wanted to explain that he hurt, though not in the way he had meant when he asked Lucius; a nameless ache was traveling through his gut like a cramp, giving him chills. He could see the other man's embarrassment, sensed Lucius retreating already, and what else could he have expected, after all? Gritting his teeth, he pushed himself upright, using the wall for support. "Wait here, I'll get my wand."

"I wasn't planning on going far," Lucius replied with a surprising lack of sarcasm in his words. Severus forced himself to turn before he became lost in staring at his beautiful, soiled lover, a creature more glorious in debauchery than Severus would be even if he found himself dressed in the robes of a prince. His wand lay where it had fallen, and while he might easily have summoned it with an accio command, he felt compelled to move -- to put some space between himself and the man gazing up at him. Aiming at Lucius without looking directly at him, he leaned against the side of the bed and muttered one spell to scourgify, another to alleviate pain.

"Thank you," Lucius murmured. "Don't you want to look at me, Severus? Didn't you want that from me?" Biting the inside of his lip where Lucius would not be able to see, Severus met his gaze. He could not tell whether he was being mocked or not. Finally moving a little, Lucius let his back rest fully against the wall. He spread his legs, lifting his knees and draping his arms over them. "What's the matter? You're not regretting this already?"

Yes, he was surely being mocked. "I was regretting it before I'd done it."

"But I don't regret it at all." With a frown Lucius pushed himself to his feet. "And I'm sorry that you do. You sounded as if you enjoyed it. And I meant what I said before -- I have never intended to make you sorry for it."

Severus glanced away, at the mess that remained -- Lucius' torn robes, scratches in the dark wood of the wall. "It felt good," he admitted, and blushed scarlet. "But...is this what you want, Lucius?"

"Certainly not all the time," Lucius replied, approaching him slowly. "But this, and everything we've done...it's what I want. I don't know why you think I'm hatching some terribly complicated scheme to humiliate or leave you. Surely you must realize that if it became known, my position would be compromised far more than yours. There is ease here, and I had hoped that you could trust me at least a little. Have I made that impossible?"

Lucius was looking directly into his eyes, which Severus knew was a technique essential to Legilimency; he would know if he was lying. "I don't know," he replied helplessly.

"I wish you would. We both want this, don't we? I want it to continue. It's very simple, really. I like things that way."

Simplicity for Lucius would be a wife, thought Severus. Marriage to one of the Black sisters, rutting to sire an heir, and the rest...servants, whores, the silence the Malfoy money would buy. Perhaps Lucius took it for granted that he could have Severus on these terms indefinitely. And was that any better than being his whore? "There is nothing simple about this," he gestured helplessly in the air between them, "for me." And why, he asked himself, was it not enough? Why wasn't he happy? "Even if we do both want this..." His voice trailed away.

"What?" Lucius reached for him, tugging him close, his voice cajoling.

If you were mine... thought Severus. And stopped thinking, wrapping his arms around Lucius, hiding his face in the other man's skin. He did not want to think.

"Severus..." Lucius brushed a kiss to his forehead, stroking fingertips down his back. "You worry too much. Now come to bed." With a gentle nudge he tried to push Severus onto the mattress.

"I need to wash," protested Severus; while scourgifying Lucius and his wall and floor and robes, he had left out his own thighs and groin. Nodding, Lucius stroked his cheek, then used an accio command to summon his wand. He cleaned Severus thoroughly, leaving him tingling.

"Have I treated you so terribly?" Lucius asked lightly.

"I don't know why you keep asking me that," replied Severus with a twinge of irritation in his voice. "Have I suggested that you have been terrible to me?"

"No, but your reactions to things make me curious."

Severus sighed. "This is your house. Your space, your time, your rules."

"Then send your parents away and we'll do it in your house."

"That's easy for you to say; your parents have two other houses." Was it possible that Lucius simply did not realize how different their lives were? Severus did not want to bring up just how poor his family was by comparison, and how cramped their quarters.

"My parents..." Lucius took his hand, drawing him closer on the bed. "My parents will have been married for twenty-five years, two weeks from today. I think they're happiest in separate houses, so they don't have to keep up appearances. Still, I'm planning to send them to the Greek Isles for a few weeks as an anniversary present. Would you like to stay with me while they're gone?" Severus nodded before he could begin to wonder if it was wise, or what he would tell his own parents. "Good." Wrapping his arms around Severus' chest, Lucius nuzzled his neck. "We'll have more time together. We can visit London, and perhaps some museums, and if you'd like perhaps we can take out Narcissa and Bellatrix and you'll see the amusements of dating a Black. And there are some other people whom I would like you to meet; I'll have be sure to arrange a little gathering."

Severus had stiffened all over. "What people?"

"Friends," Lucius murmured. "A few associates of mine." Often Severus managed to make himself forget that, unlike himself, Lucius had other friends -- wealthy, powerful friends, people with expectations and ambitions far beyond his own. "I've told them about you, your talents, your ideas. I told you that you are an asset, and they agree with me." The pleasure at being invited to stay vanished; even now, Severus thought, Lucius was mocking him. Pulling out of the embrace, he sat stiffly at the side of the bed, wondering whether he dared reach for the decanter of whiskey. He might have known that Lucius was using him for something other than sex. He could not imagine what Lucius had in mind for him.

Lucius frowned, sitting beside him. "I have been working hard for you, Severus. I've wanted you to be part of this from the beginning...a new order. I think it's finally going to happen. Things are changing. You must have noticed." Severus peered at him, uncertain whether even Lucius would joke about such things. He had heard rumors, some plausible, some outrageous, about a rising challenge to the Ministry of Magic from within, and a Slytherin wizard said to be consolidating power...but he never associated such Quibbler-type stories with Lucius. "We -- all of us -- we're going to change everything. Rebuild, create balance and bring the wizarding world back into the hands of the worthy. I want you with me."

Severus gaped. "Into the hands of the worthy?" Of course his parents believed that Mudbloods had no business in the Ministry or its schools, and there was no question that too many untrained, incompetent wizards had taken over some of the highest posts, from overseeing St. Mungo's to refereeing Quidditch. But there were also some very powerful wizards -- Albus Dumbledore, for one -- who believed that the way to bring balance was to bring in new blood rather than bolstering the proud history of the pureblood families.

"Those of us whose blood is pure, whose families go back generations...we should not have to have our histories soiled by the presence of Mudbloods and Muggle-sympathizers, nor our positions stolen from us." Severus considered the purebloods he knew well, but the first face to come into his mind was the arrogant sneer of Sirius Black; Gryffindor though he might have been, his bloodline was much more distinguished than that of the Snape family. "We will restore order, of course. And cleanse the world of those who disgrace the name of wizard."

These were not comforting words. "Cleanse the world? How?" he demanded.

"By any means necessary. Severus, I want you on our side."

If Lucius had said that he wanted Severus at his side, Severus thought that he would not have hesitated. Yet there was an "our" now -- people he did not know, whom he resented simply for their existence. What claim did they have on Lucius? Or on himself? He shrugged noncommittally, pulling his feet up onto the bed to ward off the chill that had not left the room.

Lucius reached out and took hold of Severus' wrist. "With me. I want you with me." Severus turned slowly, knowing that his face was too open.

"I am with you," he replied quietly. "I have been with you."

Lucius trailed a finger down Severus' cheek. "I know," he said, simply, and pulled him down to his side on the bed.