Mo on the deck

(F/M fist extreme)


I couldn't believe it.  The gods must have smiled at me or I was doing something right.  A few weeks ago I had been in this same adult video store when a very attractive lady came in that was all legs and tits.  She had been wearing cut-off bib overalls that were unbuttoned about everywhere that they could be and her huge boobs had been flashing all over the place.  At that time she had dressed and acted like a confused farm girl.  Clearly she had been intent on displaying her charms but really came across as a nice lady having some fun.  Here she was again striding down the aisle I was in.  This time she was dressed like a total slut.  Her shorts were pulled up so tight in her crotch that I couldn't figure out how she could breath.  Her cunt lips were actually hanging out of the crotch band along with a fair amount of pubic hair.  She was wearing a thin, skin tight, tee shirt that left the bottoms of her boobs exposed, and they hung down just a few inches above her crotch.  She had incredibly wide aureoles that were heavily exposed and  her nipples were only about an inch above the bottom hem of her shirt.  Normally I like to think of myself as passably suave but I just stood there and gawked with my mouth open.  I was standing in front of the "BIG" toys section of the store and she was walking right towards me.  I watched her tits advancing on me as they swayed back and forth pushing her tee shirt way out to the side.  First the left side swung out smashing into her swinging arm and then the right side.  Occasionally her arms and boobs would get out of sync and as an arm swung forward it would catch her breast at maximum swing and knock it forward.  I watched in awe as this wildly swinging mound of flesh described a long slow arc until it returned to crash and bounce off her chest.

She walked up to me with a big smile and announced that she was looking for a dildo shaped like a fist and could I make a recommendation.  I responded by telling her something about my grass needing cutting or the like.  I really don't remember what I said as my brain hadn't started to engage since I first saw her.  She looked quizzically at me and repeated her question.  When I said I didn't know what she meant by a dildo shaped like a fist she looked down at my side where I was holding a dildo shaped like a fist.  I had actually been intending to buy one for myself.  Finally my brain kicked into gear when she smiled at me and I relaxed as much as I could while facing the ultimate male fantasy.

We started chatting as if we were chance acquaintances meeting at a coffee house.  I struggled to keep my end of the conversation up even if I couldn't keep my eyes up.  I couldn't tear my gaze from her protruding nipples or the exposed forest of pubic hair.  I still couldn't accept that her huge pussy lips were dangling from her crotch where they were spread by the thin band running from front to back.  Asking me again if I had any recommendations gave me an opportunity to inquire as to her experience, how big a toy she could accept and so on.  She said that most of her experience was with partners but that for those times when no one was around she wanted something she could use on her own.  We were having an amazingly intimate conversation in a place probably not noted for promoting social interaction.  However our chemistry seemed to be right as we both felt a strong attraction to each other.  Of course my constant drooling was probably a give away as to my feelings.  I introduced myself and she told me her name was Maureen but everybody called her Mo.  We, and it was probably more her than me, seemed to be drawing a large pack of men and she suggested we go out for coffee and so we could continue talking.  I would have chewed raw coffee beans if it meant staying with her, so wagging my head like a tail, we paid for our purchases and walked outside.  I had assumed she must have parked in the doorway because I thought that if she had to walk more than ten feet she would probably chance getting arrested, but no, her car was a couple of blocks away.

As we walked to her car I dropped my keys about every five feet so I could stop and watch her ass cheeks bobbing below her brief shorts.  When we got to her car, a big SUV, she looked at my erection and commented that I must be excited about something.  I told her that I got real turned on by four-wheel drive vehicles.  She laughed and started to get in the car.  I stopped, and in a moment of foolishness, questioned the wisdom of her taking off with a stranger.  She said that she knew I was safe.  I didn't know how I should respond to this but I got in the car with her.  Now I'm thinking how is she going to walk into a cafe dressed like that.  Figuring that that was her problem we talked as she drove.  To be polite, every so often I would glance at her face but mostly I was watching the tee shirt rise up as she  drove.  Her nipples were fully exposed and  I was having greater difficulty in keeping up my end of the conversation.  My brain was functioning reasonably well but my breathing was deteriorating rapidly.  I felt like an asthmatic as I gulped for air.  She solved the problem of entering a shop by going through a drive in window and ordering coffee and some pastries.  She drove to a nearby park and stopped the car in a deserted area of the parking lot.  Turning more to face each other we continued to talk about this and that.  With her exposed breasts staring at me our conversation started to get intimate again.  She was clearly enjoying this as much as I was.  It was more erotic that even though she was dressed like a slut, she was really a nice, sweet person that enjoyed the excitement that exposing herself brought.

We told each other about our favorite sexual escapades and moved into our fantasies.  She began to take bites out of her pastry by slowly pushing it into her mouth then sinking her lips into the soft dough and nuzzling off a bite.  As I sensuously licked and sucked the cherry filling out of mine I shifted in the seat to find a comfortable place for my hardon.  She had spread her legs more and the dampness between her legs was becoming evident.  As we talked, we were both tried to turn each other on more.  While she was telling me the details of how she would love to be fucked on a stage in front of a small crowd I took her hand and held it, gently rubbing my thumb across the top.  She took my other hand and we continued to talk.  As if fate were drawing us together we both slid forward the short distance needed for our knees to touch.  Our eyes were locked on each others as we explored deeper and deeper into our fantasies.  One would start a scene and the other would take up the story as we built on each others secret desires.  We held hands and touched knees for a half hour while the heat of our intimacy built.  We had reached the point where we had to act.  I asked her if she would come over to my house and was devastated when she said no.  Then smiling at me she started the car and said she lived less than a mile from the park.

When we arrived at Mo's house I grabbed the bag with our purchases and taking my other hand she led me through her house.  We went out on to a covered back deck with a number of lounge chairs scattered over it.  We sat next to each other and opened our purchases.  We had both bought identical rubber fists that were over three inches in diameter at the widest point with long 18 inch forearms extending below the clenched fists.  The end of the dildos were also over three inches thick and shaped like a blunt bullet.  Once again our conversation heated up as we discussed the different ways we could use the dildos.  Before long I was achingly hard and wetness was starting to spread down her legs.  I leaned over and started to slip her shirt over her head.  The hem of her tee was caught on her nipples and I made sure her breasts were pulled up as I raised her top.  As I pulled the shirt over her head her boobs released and flopped down her chest.  Placing my hands on her shoulders I pushed her back until she was laying on her back.  Reaching up and taking my face in her hands she kissed me with an intensity that sent jolt waves through my entire body.  Her breasts had flowed down to rest on the cushions of the lounge chair and I gathered one up and brought it to our entwined mouths.  Trapping her engorged nipple we sucked on it together.  I released her breast and slid down the chair, sliding my hands across her flat belly.  With slow deliberation I unfastened the snap on her shorts and slid them down her raised hips.  She had one of the hairiest mounds I have ever seen.  She spread her legs wide as I took her pronounced clit between my lips.  Sucking her clitoris into my mouth I tickled it with my tongue as her hips began to roll up and down.  I released her clit and gently worked my tongue to her pussy, tasting her juices for the first time.  She was sensuously  moaning as I lapped up her flowing lubrication.  I took one of her large pussy lips in each hand and pulling them aside to expose her vagina, I worked my tongue inside.  As I ran my tongue against the inner walls of her pussy she put her hands on the back of my head and pressed me hard into her.  The entrance to her vagina opened further as I tasted her.  Her breath grew more ragged when I moved up and returned to her clit which was now a rigid shiny organ erecting over an inch in length.  Sucking her clit rapidly in and out I inserted my fingers into her flowing pussy.  Working my fingers inside set her over the edge and she threw her hips against my sucking lips and penetrating hand.  Then her body went rigid as I could feel her vaginal muscles clenching and releasing against my fingers.  Her breath was expelled in a rapid series of grunts as her body contracted with pleasure.  For 30 seconds I could feel her rigid thigh muscles bunching under my shoulders as I slowed my stimulation in pace with the easing of her orgasm.

I moved up to kiss her, letting her lick her wetness off my face.  She then reached for my hand and worked her tongue over each finger sucking off the juice that was dripping off my fingertips.  Sitting up she started to undress me.  When my clothes were off I told her I was going in to wash off the dildos.  She took me inside and as I washed the rubber fists she went upstairs to get some lubricant.  We went back outside and sat down next to each other.  She dipped her fingers into her vagina and smeared her cream all over my face.  She repeated this until she was satisfied with the amount coating me then proceeded to lick it off.  I could smell the residual aroma of her juice on my face as she stood up and straddled me as I lay on the lounge chair.  She leaned over until her back was horizontal allowing those incredible breasts to drape over my chest.  As she swayed them back and forth her erect nipples burned across my skin.  Reaching down she grasped her pussy lips and spread them out.  I watched her cunt pooch out as she ejected the last of her cum on my chest.  Spreading my legs she moved back and sat between my knees, lowering her head and slowly engulfing my cock.  With infinite patience she slid her lips down as the head of my penis entered her throat and her lips buried in my pubic hair.  She moved her head languidly up and down while my toes curled.  Releasing my cock she slid her lips up to the puddle of her cum on my belly and drank deeply.  Then, reaching down, she slid her hands behind my knees and brought them up until my ass was exposed and available to her.  She dribbled the juice from her mouth onto my asshole and started working it in to my anus.  Her fingers started to penetrate inside me as she refilled her mouth, lubricating me more and more.  Her breathing became erratic and she rubbed her clit against my leg wetting it until I could feel the air cooling me on her wet spot.

Insistently, but gently, she screwed her fingers in.  Drinking up the last of her cum she removed her fingers and let part of the juice drip into my dilated anus.  She resumed working her fingers into my asshole.  My heart was pounding and my breathing grew shorter as I could feel my anal ring expanding.  Building excitement made me want to urge her on but I resisted, enjoying the teasing of  her slow progression.  Now I could feel her knuckles bumping against my anal ring, stretching it pleasantly.  Withdrawing her hand and reinserting it, the fact that she was using her own juices as lubricant was doubly exciting.  With a sharp intake of breath I felt her hand slide in me.  For a moment my heart stopped as I felt another person occupy space inside of me.  Very slowly, her hand creeping back, she started to withdraw her clenched fist.  My anal ring was pulled away from my body by the bulk of her fist.  I thrilled to the tug of war between her fist and my asshole.  Suddenly she won as her fist popped out and my anus snapped back into place.  She stood up and wiped her hand on the end of her breast and brought it to me so I could lick it clean.  As I suckled her breast she reached between her legs.  When her breast was clean she stood up and resting one foot on the lounge chair to open her legs and reached down and slid her fist into her cunt.  She looked at me as she pumped her fist in her pussy soaking it and bringing forth a new flow of juice.  Withdrawing her hand she slid and rotated her arm against her vagina as her fist stuck out between her legs like some great organ.  Her heavy breasts swung wildly as she sawed her arm against herself until it was dripping with juice.

Once again she knelt between my legs.  My body was on fire.  My cock was aching with rigidity.  She pressed her clenched fist against my anus and my cock exploded when with a short quick jab she entered my body.  Her mouth plunged over my cock as she drank in my spurting cum.  The muscles in my legs were aching by the time I had finished.  Although her cheeks were bulging with my accumulated semen she had let very little escape.  Walking over to another lounge chair she scooted it over so the two chairs were end to end.  Reclining opposite me she picked up one of the rubber fists and let some of my cum run out of her mouth and onto the end of the dildo.  She let more drool into her palm and rubbed it onto her ass, refilling her palm and repeating this with the final mouthful.  As I watched, she rubbed the end of the fist around her vagina and over her clit.  Watching me watch her, she began to work the end into her pussy.  Her legs were actually shaking as her engorged vaginal lips were split and the forearm of the dildo retreated into her cunt.  I sat up and took the dildo from her and started pumping it in and out.  She was able to take seven or eight inches with little effort and it looked like someone was trapped inside of her  with a foot of their arm sticking out.  I pulled the arm out of her and reversed it.  As the huge knot of the fist started entering her body she gathered up her breasts and started hugging them like two puppies.  Her legs closed against the fist that was poised at her entrance.  Her clit was a good inch long and thick and started to bend down towards her pussy as the dildo entered her.  Mo started to rapidly pump air in and out through her teeth as I let the fist rest inside.  Pushing me back she struggled to her feet.  She stood over me with the forearm dangling from her pussy.  I told  her that she was the most erotic site I'd ever seen.  She started dancing for me, moving to an unseen tune.  She would bend over me shaking her shoulders and throwing her tits wildly about.  Then she would spin around bobbing her hips back and forth so that the dildo was flying as wildly as her boobs.  Then she would shake her hips side to side so that the thick, flexible dildo would roll around one ass cheek to slap her side, then fly over to the other side.  I couldn't believe it was staying in her ass.  Next second she would raise her arms over her head and sensually bend her body to her silent song.

I was stroking my rigid cock as I watched.  She danced her way over to me and reaching behind her grabbed the arm of the dildo and pulled it behind her back.  Stepping one leg over the chair she wriggled her fist filled pussy down towards my cock.  Pausing just above the erection I was fisting, she slowly lowered her cunt until my cock was pressing against her opening.  Reaching down with her free hand she held my cock pressed against the dildo and lowered herself onto it.  I could feel my cock forcing its way into her past the fist.  She leaned over me and began to fuck herself on my cock.  Stopping suddenly she stood up withdrawing my cock and pulled the dildo from her vagina.  Her juices poured from inside her flooding my belly and running down my sides.  Grabbing my ankles she put my feet on the lounge chair with my knees in the air.  She bent over and scooping up her juices dripped them on my asshole and rubbed them in with her tongue until I was thoroughly lubricated.   She once again pressed her fist against my anus and plunged her hand inside.  I followed her progress into me while stroking my cock.  I felt her fingers open up as she searched for the opening into my rectum to slide her hand into my intestines.  Finding it, her extended fingers started to enter the deepest parts of me.   I waited as her hand began inching further into my intestines.  I no longer noticed any external sounds.  I might as well have been blind because my eyes weren't registering anything.  I was centered on that advancing hand.  I controlled nothing,    I was merely a tunnel for her hand to follow.  My body jerked involuntarily when her hand passed my inner sphincter.  I felt my anal ring stretch as her upper forearm began to enter me.  She held onto her arm with her other hand and as she advanced her fingers started entering me alongside her arm.  I could feel my anus start to numb as the stretching continued.  She rolled her hand into a fist inside me and a bulge appeared on my belly just above and to the side of my navel.  Her elbow entered me with the palm of her other hand wrapped around it.  I began gasping in painful pleasure as my cock deflated.  I started to belch as her invading fist pressed against my stomach forcing gas out.  On she pressed, her elbow well past my entrance and her other hand balled into a fist inside me.  Forcing myself to relax the pain ebbed away and my being recognized only where she was in me.  Deep inside me her fist had turned and I watched fascinated as it scribed a ridge across my stomach.    When I could take it no deeper she stopped.  With her hand in a fist she had penetrated me over 18 inches.  Almost her entire bicep was in me.  I was chanting her name as spurts of air escaped my lungs, disguised as breathing.  Two things existed in my conscious universe as she withdrew her hands.  The retreating bulge erasing itself and the undulations of my anus as different parts of her arms passed from me.  Finally she was entirely out of me.  I had taken almost an entire arm and a hand.  I laid there in wonder.

Then laying back in the other chair she slid the forearm end of the dildo inside her ass and sliding forward pressed the rubber fist against my anus.  Using her ass as a vice to hold the fist against me she pushed it in.  As open as I had been, the fist stalled against my opening and merely slid into her.  Then meeting resistance in her it started to slide inside me.  We hunched our hips towards each other until our asses were pressed against each other.  Bumping our butts together sent erotic waves through us.  My cock started to erect with the combined sensations transmitted between us.  It rapidly hardened into a steel bar as our insides were jostled.  We were slamming hard against each other.  I began pumping my cock using the juices pooled under both of us.  Mo was jacking off her clit and grunting with her exertions.  My legs shot out straight, kicking and flailing against her body as I brought myself towards an orgasm.  Her flopping tits would bounce off my feet slapping her face as they flew.  As she came my cock began spurting long streams of cum that were shooting over both our bodies.  As my orgasm slowed she continued to spasm, pumping out fountains of cream as she rocked in the throes of ecstasy.  Her empty vagina issued thick streams of nearly clear cum.  I pulled the rubber fist out of my ass and continued to pump it into her.  Her ass convulsing on the thick dildo.  Suddenly she seemed to suck it inside her as it shot inside her ass as I pumped.  My hand was wrapped securely around the fist head as it crashed into her anal ring.  The combined thickness of my hand wrapped around the fist was to large for her to pass but the 18 inch arm was lodged deep in her intestine.  Pushing my hand through the discharging cum spewing from her empty vagina I brutally forced my fist into her pussy.  She was screaming for more, begging me to ruthlessly fist her.  I plunged my hand deep within her as I bottomed out in her vagina.  She pleaded with me to go deeper.  I could feel my hand hitting her cervix and her ass couldn't handle the mass bumping against her anal ring as I vainly asked her what she wanted.  But she was beyond communication as she begged over and over for more.  I started shoving harder against her when my invading hand sunk into her cervix and plunged into her womb.  I paused in disbelief as my arm entered her vagina.  I started to pull it out when she moaned,  Nnnnoooo, MMMOOORRRRE.   I pushed in again as my arm entered her cunt to the elbow.  Still she pleaded for more.  Stretching forward to go deep in her womb I was unable to really pump her ass.  I pulled my arm out of her pussy only to hear her beg me to put it back.  I grabbed the other rubber fist and plunged it into her vagina.  In one long smooth thrust I sent it into her womb.

Her legs were kicking at thin air in an attempt to brace herself.  With one hand clawing at her clit she was scraping up her cream with the other and stuffing it into her mouth.  Mixed with her juice were globs of my cum, and still she couldn't get enough.  Her eyes opened and looking at me wildly she pleaded with me to fuck her ass harder.  I tore into her ass like someone possessed.  I pumped her ass and vagina with both the dildos.  I could see the ends of each dildo bulging out her skin where the ends protruded deep inside her.  Even above her gasping breathing I could her the grunts of expelled air as the battering of her internal organs knocked the air from her lungs.  Still she begged for more.  My hand bumping her anal ring slipped through and 22 inches of massive dildo held by my fist plunged into her.  I yanked the rubber fist out of her cunt and plunged my fist deep into her womb.    YYYYEEEESSSS she cried as one of the bulges in her skin disappeared beneath her rib cage.  She went into orgasm screaming incoherently.  I could feel the dildo in her ass buck in my hand as her intestines spasmed around the giant rubber dildo.  My forearm was being crushed by her cervix and my bicep was compressed by powerful contractions as she rode her orgasm.  Her arms were beating against the sides of the chair.  I rose up with her body as her torso was thrust in the air as she jammed her shoulders into the lounge.  Repeatedly I was jerked up by my arms buried deeply within her as she threw her body up.  I was hard again with lust as I felt I experienced her orgasm as part of her.  She kept throwing her legs around me trying to draw me in deeper but there was no where to go.  I could feel her orgasmic waves sweeping down my arm.  The pulse of her body, the beating of her heart, was pressed into my flesh.  On and on she spent as her violently pulsating cunt churned out her cream.  I could feel the pressure built by the production of her juice adding to the compression of my arm.  My hand was shot out of her anus when I lost my grip on the rubber fist that was in her.  The powerful contractions of her colon became too much and the giant dildo was ejected from her ass to shoot across the deck.  Gradually her spasming subsided with only an occasional flare up as she collapsed finally onto the lounge chair.  As I slid my arm out her pussy her juices started to shoot out.  She let out a final groan as I withdrew my hand and a torrent of cum spilled out.  She laid there as her limbs shook and I could see her muscles vibrating and quivering under her skin.  I waited beside her until she opened her eyes, looked at me and in a shaky voice said, "Man, I almost came."

Comments to duress1959@yahoo.com

	http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/duress/
