Nude Couple's First Nude Experience
byJohnnyThrust©

My wife and I always wanted to try out new things, and as we both enjoy walking around the house naked, we agreed that a nude beach might be fun. Even though we live in Florida, there are not too many nude beaches. The one we first heard about was Haulover Beach near Miami, however it was about 4 hours drive away. We then found another beach, Apollo beach, that was nude friendly, so one weekend we decided to go.

Without giving away too much private information, I'll say that my wife and I are mid 30's, she has light brown hair with a touch of blonde, about 5'5, and with nice skin and small but perky breasts, a nice ass and a cute and tight pussy. I have dark hair and a little muscular as I've always enjoyed the gym. My years of soccer gave me muscular legs I still have to this day, and not to brag but my junk is larger than average. My wife is skinny but not that toned, I always try to get her to go to the gym since I like a little bit of muscle tone on women (not too much) but she just isn't that interested. Still though, she has a nice, natural body, about 135 (or so she tells me), and looks great nude. Her butt is a little flabby which is why I hint at her to do some squats, but when I'm drunk the little bit of jiggle does kinda turn me on.

After packing up and heading out to the beach early (parking is always a nightmare) we arrived, only to realize sadly that this was the west coast Apollo Beach, and the actual nude beach was also called Apollo Beach, on the east coast side, which was three hours away. Disappointed, we decided to head back home as it was overcast and not even a good beach day. Not to let the entire day go to waste, we decided to do a little nude sun bathing in our privacy fenced in backyard, which we had never done before.

We both stripped down out of our clothes in the backyard, and laid out some towels. There was one window of our neighbor's that could theoretically see us but we didn't worry about it too much. We also didn't get much sun since it was cloudy, but we generally felt good being completely naked together. We eventually brought over the beach chairs and enjoyed some of the alcoholic drinks we had planned on drinking at the beach. After getting a bit tipsy we started to get frisky. I tried to encourage my wife to have sex in the backyard, another first, but she declined, and my arguments fell on deaf ears when the mosquitos started to come out. However we did go inside and made love in the privacy and comfort of our own bed, which was nice. We vowed to try again on the whole nude beach adventure.

Overall the backyard experience was fun, but it wasn't what we wanted out of nudism. I always enjoy seeing my wife naked but I wanted something a bit more social, and not just because I wanted to stare at other naked women, but just the feeling of being naked with other people, men and women, and experiencing real naturalism.

A long week went by that felt like it was never going to end, until finally the weekend gave us another chance to try out nudism. There was another beach nearby, Caspersen Beach, where people often went nude. However, after researching it on the internet, we found out that there were a lot of guys doing gay things in the woods, creepy gawkers, and worst of all the beach wasn't even officially a nude beach, and you could actually get a ticket for being nude. That was a turn off so we ditched that idea.

With no other choices, we decided to bite the bullet and make the 4 hour drive to Haulover Beach, a world famous nudist beach. We left early on Saturday morning to beat the traffic. We took turns driving but it was still a long and boring drive. Halfway there I took my shirt off, hoping my wife would do the same. She decided a compromise was to wear her bikini top (we still brought our swimsuits) so I could at least stare at her cleavage while we drove, which made the trip a little better. I started to daydream about what we might experience at the nude beach and if I would be nervous. I could tell the wheels in my wife's head kept spinning, she must've been nervous as well.

We finally got to the beach, did the whole parking thing, and got out. We only had a small cooler, chairs and blankets. Only a part of the beach was for nudism, and that was of course the crowded part. Even though we left early we had 4 hours go by for the drive, so a lot of people were already there. It was quite a shock to the senses to see so many naked people, but we both smiled at each other as if to say this is where we belonged. We found a spot and we both stripped down. We were the odd ones in our clothes as we walked to our spot so it felt nice to fit in and be naked along with everyone else. I admit I instantly scanned the beach for the females, and found to my surprise a good number of young and beautiful looking naked bodies. Of course there were quite a lot of old, rather obese, and heavily tanned men, but hey, one expects that. There were also some couples and everyone seemed to be minding their own business.

It was a lot sunnier and so we actually could do some nude sun bathing unlike last weekend in our backyard. I started to get aroused at looking at my wife's naked body and the other naked ladies at the beach. I always sort of wondered if I would or not or if I'd get stage freight and not get hard. I felt like covering up but then decided to just bare it all. I couldn't help but to stroke myself just a little. The first few sensations were overwhelming as I noticed other people, men and women, occasionally pleasuring themselves as well, not jacking off, but just a little mild enjoyment. My wife caught me and acted like I had done something naughty. I told her she could rub herself as well but she was too embarrassed and said she didn't want to turn anyone on. Oh the odd things a woman thinks. If I had the ability to turn people on I don't think I would ever stop.

My wife's attempt at acting like a prude didn't last long, as she began to stare at my cock, and even checked out some naked muscle dudes walking along the beach.

"They are probably gay," I said.

"Who cares," she laughed. "That doesn't change how they look."

We sipped on some of our beverages, vodka and lemonade, and then decided to go for a swim. That meant getting up and walking naked to the beach.

"Are you going to be okay with that," she asked, and I was still erect.

"Sure," I said.

We walked towards the water, holding hands. It was quite the thrill as we could feel some of the eyes on us. This must be how a model feels walking down the catwalk, although they aren't naked. Two middle aged women walked passed us, and the one pointed at my erection and they both giggled to each other. My wife squeezed my hand harder, at first I thought she was jealous but then noticed she was blushing a bit, and had a smile almost as if she was proud of me. Funny how women could get away with visibly pointing at a penis but men are shamed if they merely look at a breast. But I didn't mind, it just turned me on more that my boner was something to behold.

We got in the water and it felt exhilarating to be completely nude in the water. We moved out a bit and embraced each other and kissed each other. Lots of other couples were doing the same. My wife started to stroke my penis and was paralyzed with euphoria. We kissed harder as she continued to stroke me and to my surprise started to mount me. I was so overcome with pleasure I forgot about her needs, half expecting her to just jerk me off under water. I was actually thinking of doing it myself, but this was much better, sex on a nude beach, in some privacy at least. I looked around at the other couples, and it was pretty obvious what was going on, but of course you couldn't see anything. After sliding into my wife's pussy we began to kiss and fondle each other. I tried to look over her shoulder but I think she knew what I was doing and refocused my gaze on her with an "I caught you" smile on her face. We continued until we both orgasmed. It was very sensual and romantic.

However, now we had to go back to our spots, a little less horny, which meant we felt a bit out of place still being naked. With my erection gone I didn't feel like the big sexual god I did earlier and we now surveyed the scene with more sober eyes: lots of people, naked. It's a weird experience, because on one hand it is so out of place, so unusual, on the other hand it is so natural, people in their natural, naked state. I suppose it is all an illusion placed on us by society. If we all went around nude all the time we probably wouldn't think anything of it, it would just be normal.

Eventually we had enough and decided to get a hotel nearby, since we were tired from the sun, drinking, and of course the sex, and didn't want to drive the 4 hours back home. We found a place nearby that wasn't too expensive. After getting out of the shower, I was shocked to see I was very red in my bathing suit area, since that part had never been so fully exposed to the sun before. It was quite uncomfortable and definitely a punishment for my hedonism. My wife realized the same thing as she came out of the shower, with a "look at this," expression on her face. Of course her body was more exposed to the sun during normal days since she wore a bikini, but I could still see her red breasts and pelvic region.

That night was a little uncomfortable, as we were both too sun burned to cuddle and our air conditioner wasn't working right so we were both hot. My butt felt really uncomfortable and I decided to take a cold shower in the middle of the night to cool off. Eventually around 3 am I went to sleep.

That morning my skin had peeled a bit but the burning sensation was down. My wife was in the shower, and she came out naked while towel drying her hair. I got one quick peak before she instinctively wrapped the towel around her body.

"Wait, I said."

"What's wrong"

I asked her to take the towel off so I could gaze at her naked body. The redness had gone away and now she had a golden tan all over her body, like a professional nude model. I was instantly turned on and I knew I had to fuck her. But she was a bit turned off by my gawking, so I had to put on the charm.

"You look absolutely stunning."

"You think?"

"Oh God Yes! You look so amazing with that tan. I'm so turned on."

"Well, I did noticed in the mirror my redness had gone down."

"You look so hot right now." I moved closer to get a better look and to hold her.

"Oh...I'm still a little sore," she complained.

"But you look so good," I said, and began to caress her butt and hips.

We fell onto the bed and began having sex, except trying to hover over each other as best as possible to not irritate our sun burns. Looking at my wife's completely tan body was like a new experience and I exploded inside of her. I could tell she was happy she turned me on so much.

We later packed up and drove home. The trip was long and boring but at least I had lots to think about and remember.

The next week, while having dinner, we talked about how much fun we had and how we wanted to do it again. However, we needed something better than a beach that was 4 hours away. My wife suggested we find some kind of nude social meet up.

"Huh?" I was startled she would suggest that.

"No, not like swingers," she said. "More like a nudist couple just having coffee or drinks together."

"Oh, right," I said, a bit relieved. I never thought of my wife getting into swinging and to be honest I never thought of it as much of a turn-on either.

So that week during downtime at work I looked up a swinger's forum and found one near our location. I then punted the ball over to my wife who was better than me at online groups and forums. Also I figured if she approved of the meet-up there'd be less of a chance it would be just some old nude guy wanting to fulfill a threesome fantasy.

She eventually found a promising group, but instead of just one couple it was actually 3 couples, we would make it 4. It was a private residence about 15 minutes from us, which was perfect. My wife asked me if I would do a zoom call with one of the couples, clothed of course, just so we could kinda check each other out and get a vibe. No harm in that so I agreed.

The couple were about our age, mid-30's. He was tall and skinny, he looked like an athlete, he later told us he enjoyed tennis. His wife was shorter, with brown hair. She had an astute look to her, like she was a teacher, or librarian, she later told us she did HR type things and was on a computer most days. But she had a pretty face, although she was wearing a long shirt and didn't show much.

They asked us if we ever did nudism before, and we told them about our trip to Haulover Beach. The couple explained that they do normal stuff, like have drinks, play cards, the house has a pool which is nice for skinny dipping, and occasionally watch a movie. Generally just a laid back time, and of course everyone is naked. The house has four bedrooms so there is plenty of room for people to stay over if they drank too much. We arranged for Saturday to be the big day. The couple asked us if we had any other questions or reservations, which we didn't pose any. After the call I had a concern that I should've brought up.

"So we are going to be hanging out with these people...naked,"

"That's the plan," my wife said.

"So like really getting to know them..."

"...Yeah," my wife said, and then thought about it and realized what I was thinking.

It's one thing to be at a nude beach and be naked with other people a distance away, and not really having to talk to them or interact with them. In fact it was even a little fun having sex on the nude beach with people maybe knowing what we were doing but still being semi-private under the water. However, this was being very close and personal with people, while nude. It was quite a different experience and I wondered if we were jumping too quickly from first time curious nudists to full blown nudist card games and pool parties.

But we didn't let that scare us, we were only 15 minutes away so we could always run away in terror if we felt uncomfortable. We pulled up to the house, a nice one story in a quiet neighborhood. A large fenced in backyard and a few palm trees in the front. When we knocked on the door we heard the garage door open. The man we zoomed with peaked his head around, so as not to expose himself. He told us we could change in the garage and then come in when we're ready. After we entered the garage he hit the button and it closed.

My wife and I gave a nervous look at each other and we took our clothes off, putting them next to the other couple's clothes that were sitting on a work bench. My wife still looked amazingly tan all over, and my redness finally went down, so we at least looked the part of real nudists. On the outside, at least.

We walked into the garage door into a kitchen. Sitting at the table, having some drinks, were the three couples. An older couple, maybe in their late 50's or early 60's, owned the house. We already met the one couple, and the other couple were also about our age, maybe in their 40's. They greeted us with warm smiles and welcomed us to the party. We made introductions and the older couple asked us how long we were nudists. We told them we were just getting started, and they could tell we were nervous. They asked if we wanted to go outside for a swim.

Outside, other than the joys of skinny dipping, we didn't talk about nudism, which was good. Kinda like the elephant in the room, we just ignored the fact that we were all naked, while we were naked. Eventually we began to forget that we were naked and we could finally start to feel comfortable. I could tell my wife was acting more casual and not as nervous. I was also feeling more relaxed although I couldn't help but stare a bit at the other women.

I won't bore you with the details of how the other guys looked (maybe my wife wrote a similar story, haha). The short brown haired woman we met on the zoom call looked quite good naked. She had rather large tits and a deep, dark tan. She had a well trimmed bush and really nice legs. She was compact in stature but a nice overall package. She had a bit of a big bottom that had an attractive quality to it and a trim stomach. The other woman was quite hard to avoid gazing at. She was a tall blonde, with well defined stomach muscles, arms, and legs. She said she was a runner, and although I thought my wife was more attractive I couldn't help but feel a little jealous that she was so fit. Her husband was older and not much of an athletic body, so they seemed like an odd couple, but I suppose my wife and I also seemed like an odd couple. The older lady was attractive in that she seemed so comfortable being naked. She had gigantic breasts that were a little intimidating but of course she had no cares about them as she even fondled them on occasion.

At some point, maybe because I was thinking of the other women, I started to get an erection. This time, unlike the beach, I was a little bit more embarrassed. But right on cue the older guy walked passed the pool, also with an erection. I covered myself up, and the older lady told me I didn't have to be embarrassed.

"Sorry, just new to this," I said, but honestly I didn't want them to be intimidated by my size, although I didn't say that because I didn't want to sound cocky, no pun intended. My wife just giggled as she probably knew what I was thinking.

After the swim we went inside. There was a suggestion to play "spin the bottle" but my wife seemed reluctant so that was quickly dropped. There was no use playing strip poker since we were already naked so we tried to think of something else more fun. I got the feeling that the couples wanted to do something just a little bit on the sexual side, and I think my wife was getting that feeling too and so she was starting to feel uncomfortable. The tennis player guy suggested we play naked twister. I turned to my wife and said,

"Hey that sounds fun, right?" trying to reassure her that it would be okay and I'd stop things if they got too frisky.

She said that would be fun, so they dug out the very old, original twister game from the closet. I wasn't that surprised the old couple still had it, as even some of their furniture looked straight from the 60's.

We had some drinks and did the thing, and it was quite fun. Everyone was having a fun time as we were stretching and lunging. At one point the athletic blonde was stretched over me and I was staring right at her pussy. It was just too much and I got a full on erection while being in some backwards stretching pose.

"Put that thing away," my wife teasingly yelled at me, and everyone else laughed.

She then made the mistake of trying to cover up my erection with her hands, both hands, but all that really did was giving the impression that she was jerking me off. The tennis guy and his short, tanned wife started kissing each other and the older couple got a little too intimate. Suddenly things got a little too intense and I could tell my wife was getting uncomfortable again.

The older couple asked us if we wanted to take a bedroom for the night. It was only like 8 o'clock so the implication was obvious. We declined since we didn't drink that much and we were only 15 minutes from home. We also felt like maybe we were dampening the scene since we were first timers and it felt like this was the time of the night when the couples got a little frisky.

Most of the day was rather non-sexual, and it was very nice, almost to the point where I wondered why we were even naked to begin with as we were just doing normal stuff, swimming in the pool, having drinks, chatting. But even with the best of intentions, the "non-sexual nudism" culture tends to revert to the natural, biological state. They do call themselves naturalists, after all, and sex is natural. So it is only a matter of time before naked people start to get aroused. Since this was our first time and all, we decided to call it a night rather than harshing their buzz. We told them we had a great time and we'd do it again. We changed in the garage and they waved us goodbye.

When we got home, my wife said,

"Maybe we should've just stayed."

I felt the same way, at least have sex while we were in the mood before heading out, though at the time maybe that felt rude.

"How about we play strip poker?" I said, as the night was still young. We also didn't have that much to drink since we didn't plan on staying, so after finding my deck of cards we put on some music, lit a fire, opened a bottle of wine and played some strip poker. When my wife was naked, she asked me if the other women turned her on. I jokingly turned the question back to her, "did any of the men turn you on?"

"No," she laughed.

"What about _____, he had a good body from playing tennis,"

"Oh, well sure he was kinda hot," she said casually.

I lovingly tackled her as I caught her in an honest admission.

I kissed her passionately while pinning her to the ground and said, "The other women were attractive but I think you had the best body," I said. "Plus I want to spend my nudist adventures with you and no one else."

"I just got a little jealous when you got turned on being near ____."

"Oh that, I was actually turned on when you did that one bent over move."

She giggled.

"I didn't even know you could do that, with your leg up. Maybe you could do that for me right now."

"Well I'm pretty drunk."

"I'll help you out."

She got in the position, her head down and butt in the air, as I helped her lift her leg. Her glistening pussy exposed towards me, and I bent down and began devouring her pussy. She tasted so good I didn't want to ever stop. My hard on was now bursting forth, and she shifted to her hands and knees because she was sore from the pose. I kept her in that position as I entered her from behind. We fucked in front of the fire place and I cummed deep inside her. I'll admit and I hope she doesn't read this, that for a brief second I thought about the blonde's nice abs and her pussy inches from my face. I imagined licking the blonde's pussy while I cummed inside my wife. We embraced each other and kissed passionately. Some secrets better left unsaid. The joys of nudism. 