SCHOOLHOUSE STRETCH

BY M. QUAYLE

Part 3

Cecily jumped into the car and slumped down, dramatically
exhausted.

"Hi Honey! How was school?"

"Oh Mom! Mr. Pells, oh, he, OH! What's THAT?"

She felt a sudden pressure at the entrance to her cunt and spread
her legs in reflex. The dildo? vibrator? slid in deep. She
gasped!

"Mom! What *is* that?"

"Oh, well remember how I was so excited on the phone? that's why!
It's the new "Dildo Belt", your father brought it home from the
office. It works along with the safety belt, keeping you on your
seat no matter WHAT! They retract into the seats when I press
this button, see?"

The dildo removed itself, then slid back in quickly.

"The speed of removal and insertion is variable, so things can
get very interesting! Isn't it wonderful that your father works
at Kinky Contraptions? We get to try out all this stuff before
the general public gets it!"

"Ooh, oh, yes, Mom, mmm! It's great, I love it! It'll sure make
those long car trips more fun... they're in the back seat, too,
right?"

"Yes dear! *And* the drivers' seat. The size can be changed, they
come with different attachments, even a vibrating one! They're
*lots* of fun!"

"They're really cool Mom! And I have great news too, ooh wait
till you hear"

"What is it, dear?"

"Well, today in gym we started a course in vaginal muscle
control, and you know how tight I am? So I got selected for the
demonstrator, since Mr. Pells wanted to give me some extra help,
and by the way I can't tell you how great that chair is, I'm so
glad Daddy gave the PTO a good deal on it! But anyway, so Mr.
Pells helped me, and it was SO WONDERFUL, but that's not even the
best part! He asked me to stay after school for extra help, and
he put me on The System, and stretched my tight little cunt, and
I came seven times doing that and then I went down on him and he
thought I was great! And then he kissed me! And I kissed him
back, and, and you know I've had a crush on him practically
forever, right Mom?"

"Yes love, I know, the pictures of him plastered all over your
room and the fact that you named your favorite vibrator Pells
kind of gives it away", she laughed.

"Yeah, yeah, I know Mom, but I'm not done yet! After he kissed
me, I kind of lost control and I told him I loved him, and he
dropped me and I was so worried but"

"Yes? Ooh, Cecy, really?"

"Mo-oom! You're not supposed to try and guess! He told me he
LOVED ME TOO! And then I kissed him again, and then he fucked me
FOREVER, and oh GOD he's so GOOD, I came soooo many times, you
have to meet him! And I can't wait 'til next class! He's so
wonderful Mom, I love him soooo much! What d'you think Daddy'll
say?"

"Well pet, I think he'll be happy that his beautiful little
daughter is finally growing up! What d'you say we go out to eat
for a celebration?"

"but Mom! I'm all cummy and sweaty and I smell like cunt-juice
and cum and hot wax, shouldn't I go home and wash?"

"No, no, we'll make this a real night out on the town, that was
the other thing I forgot to tell you, there's a Sybian Baths that
just opened, so we can go there for us to wash up --"

"OH WOW MOM, REALLY?! I've always wanted to go to one of those,
but Daddy kept saying they're too expensive!"

"Well loves, I think you deserve it! My little baby, all grown
up... And then we can get you a new outfit for tonight, and then
we can go out to eat, probably at Furniture, you know the new
place?"

"Yeah Mom, Diana said it was incredible!"

"that's what I've heard, so how does it sound?"

"Mom, you are the *best*, I love you so much! I can't believe how
lucky I am, first Mr. Pells and now a night out on the town with
my very favorite mother"

"Silly, I'm your *only* mother"

"And you're my *best* mother, too!"

Cecily threw her arms around her mother and french-kissed her
ferociously, beaming. Her mom, distracted, swerved to avoid
hitting a Whore-to-Go van, and screeched to a halt. The dildo
expanded instantly, holding Cecily firmly in her seat, and
incidentally pushing her over the edge to *another* orgasm.
Evidently it affected her mom the same way. When they both
stopped bucking and moaning, they leaned back into their seats,
looked at each other, and burst out laughing.

"Sure makes hits, or even near-misses a lot more fun, Mom!"
Cecily giggled.

"It does, at that! I'll have to try and get into more! Oh,
there's the Sybian, here we are love! Pull up your stockings"

"Yes Mom."

They parked the car, got out and made their way towards the
Sybian. The Sybians were a chain of fancy pamper-palaces. Every
one had a hair salon, makeup consultation, a fashion boutique, a
wonderful whorehouse, including a state-of-the- art dungeon, and
their trademark, the baths. Each customer got their own personal
slave, highly trained and blindly obedient -- or incredibly
masterful -- for the duration of the time they were there, which
was why the Sybians were so expensive to go to. Cecily and her
mother entered the lobby and went over to the desk, where her
mother told the sexretary they wanted everything but the
whorehouse. She gave the sexretary their personal information,
credit card number, and preferences in sexual matters, makeup,
hair styles, really just about everything, down to favorite dildo
size and bathwater temperature! The sexretary nodded, her hands
flying over the keys, and on the screen behind her appeared
twenty pictures of slaves, each more handsome or beautiful than
the rest, all of them mouth-wateringly sexy.

"Please pick the slave or Master you wish to service you during
your time here, Cecily and Lila. If none of these please you, I
can try and find more, but these are the slaves and Masters that
fit your profiles most closely."

"Ooh, I want that one, mmm, Master Craig. He makes me just want
to fall to my knees and suck him! What about you, Mom?"

"He looks like a great choice to me! Can we go as a duo?"

The sexretary nodded enthusastically. "We cater to all your
preferences! I can certainly understand why such a lovely
mother-daughter team would want to serve the same Master during
their Sybian Experience! It's also less expensive to do so, which
I'm sure will please you. Master Craig will be here shortly.
Please strip, you can leave your clothes with me."

"Oh that's all right, just toss them, we'll be buying new ones."

"Very good then, when you're done, please kneel over by the black
door." Cecy and her mother stripped quickly and knelt as
directed. Cecily could feel herself moistening already! This was
going to be great... She caught her Mom's eye and grinned at her.

"I can't wait!"

"I know, neither can I. Ooooh, look! there he is!"

Master Craig had entered the room! He was even sexier in person
than he was in the picture! He was wearing tight leather pants
with a whip shoved through the belt, nothing else. Cecily licked
her lips in anticipation.

"Hello there, Cecily and Lila. It's not often I have a chance to
have such a lovely mother and a lovely daughter service me."

"It's a pleasure to service you too, Master!" they chorused.

"Right this way, then, girls."

They followed him as he led them into a small anteroom. He
stripped off his pants (but kept the whip!) and then led on into
a hot, steamy, dark room, filled with the sounds of soft,
pleasure-filled cries and moans.

"This is the sauna. It's meant to relax those muscles and open
your pores. Duck into the showers, they're right over there, and
get yourselves wet all over, then meet me back in here in under
five minutes. Over five and you get a whipping. Move, lovely
slaves!"

"Yes Master!"

Cecily and her mother dashed for the showers, ducked in, got wet,
and ducked out. It was a race to see who could get back first!
Lila won, and pinched Cecily's nipple. Master Craig chuckled.

"Competitive, aren't we!"

"Yes Master... "

"Well! Now, lie down, both of you, on the bench over there, on
your stomachs, and relax. Feel the heat. You're allowed to fall
asleep, just remember that I'm going to wake you up if you do...
Oh, and you're welcome to come, it's very good for relieving
tension."

Cecily shivered! She had an idea of just how he was going to wake
them up... and she was going to try *very* hard not to fall
asleep! They stretched out on the wooden slats and snuggled
together, resting, kissing and cuddling happily.

They lay there for around half an hour, daydreaming, enjoying the
heat and making langorous love. Cecily loved the sounds her
mother made when she came... Then Master Craig reappeared.

"You know, saunas are a very old invention, designed to get the
blood flowing. One post-sauna custom that stretches back for
hundreds of years is plunging into cold water to seal the pores,
then being beaten with fir branches to stimulate blood flow.
Guess where we're headed!"

Lily and Cecily gasped and quivered.

"Uh, I think I can guess, Master Craig!" Cecily stammered.

"Very good! Bright girl. Follow me, lovelies... "

He led the way into an adjoining room. In the center, almost
filling the room, was a circular in-ground pool. Cecily could see
ice forming around the edges... she shivered. Lily and Cecily
stood on the edge, looking down, getting up the courage to jump
in. Just as they were about to, they felt a shove from behind.

SPLASH!

"AAAAAAAAH! COLD COLD COLD COLD COLD COLD COLD"

Cecily stood up as quickly as possible and scrambled out of the
pool, her mother close behind. The sound of their teeth
chattering almost filled the room! Her nipples were so hard they
*hurt*, and she felt so wonderfully vulnerable...

They were led out of the pool room into the next one, shivering.
It had waist-level padded, rounded benches along the sides of it.
There was already a customer in there being flogged with the fir
branches. Master Craig motioned for Lily to bend over one of the
benches.

"Cecily, I want you to kneel between your mother's legs and
suckle her clit. Make her come at least once while I'm beating
her. She gets twenty strokes, so be quick about it!"

Cecily buried her face in her mother's sweet-smelling slit. She
suckled and lapped, nibbled and pinched, kissed and nuzzled and
drank her mother's come like it was honey. Her mom came twice
before Master Craig was done. Cecily was quite pleased with
herself!

"Now it's your turn, Cecily. Up against the bench, please. Lily,
you do the same for Cecily as she did for you. At least once,
remember!"

Cecily leaned against the bench, quivering in anticipation. She
felt her mother's mouth close over her clit just as the branch
whistled down.

CRACK!

She jumped! It didn't feel like anything she'd ever been beaten
with before. The crushed needles filled the room with a lovely
balsam scent. The blood rushed to her back. She was warming up...
finally...

CRACK!

Oh God that felt so good, her mother's tongue in her cunt, deep
in, sliding in and out, ooh yes, she *loved* it when her mother
went down on her! She felt a finger inserted into her ass and
bucked back against it, wriggling her hips in anticipation of the
next swing.

CRACK!

Cecily was so close! She was squirming and moaning and wiggling,
and this was only the third stroke! Oooooh, seventeen to go...
mmm yes Mom, harder, harder HARDER OH YES YES I LOVE IT LOVE IT
YES YES YES OOOH GOD I'M COMING...

CRACK!

The next stroke only served to push her higher! She was wailing
and screaming and arching, bucking and jamming her cunt into her
mother's face, begging Master Craig to fuck her, whip her harder,
loving every minute of it...

CRACK!

OH YES AGAIN YES AGAIN YES YES YES YES YES

CRACK!... CRACK!

Finally, it was over! She slid to the floor, gasping softly, and
kissed her mother in thanks, loving the taste of herself on her
mother's tongue.

Master Craig pulled them both to their feet and patted their
asses.

"Feeling relaxed, slaves? Now it's time for your baths. Through
that door now, both of you, that's a good slave"

Cecily and her mother practically dashed towards the next room!
Bath meant warm! And even though the flogging had warmed them up
substantially, they were still cold...

They entered the next room and were hit with a wave of moist
heat. It felt *wonderful*! Cecily blinked the steam out of her
eyes and looked around.

She saw three pools, one fairly small, one slightly larger, and
then a big one. The small one was fluffy with rose-scented
bubbles, with a tray next to it that held what looked like soaps
and lotions. There was a bank of showers in between it and the
middle pool. The middle pool was bubbling and boiling -- Cecily
hoped it *wasn't* boiling; a Dolcett Girl she didn't want to be!
The larger pool had at least ten people soaking in it; she
couldn't exactly see how many. Master Craig was motioning them
towards the smaller pool.

Cecily eased herself into it, hissing as her sore bits came in
contact with the hot water and soap. Her mother and Master Craig
joined her in it. Master Craig directed her and her mother to sit
on the "benches" in the center of the pool, facing each other.
Cecily gasped as she sat down where he'd pointed. She now had a
dildo in her cunt and one in her ass, anchoring her in place. It
seemed like she hadn't been able to go for half an hour today
without something being stuffed into her! Not that she was
complaining... and it seemed like her mother was enjoying it too!

Cecily started working her hips up and down on the dildos,
enjoying the feel of the water rushing in and out of her cunt,
watching her mother doing the same thing only a foot or so away.
She was up to her neck in rose-scented water and it was
heavenly...

Master Craig told them to start playing with each others' clits
and nipples and cunts, to kiss each other and explore each
others' bodies. They couldn't move off the dildos though. Cecily
lost herself in her mother's beautiful body, enjoying the feel of
soap-slick skin. Master Craig in the meantime had moved to sit
behind Lila. He waited until she was alllmost about to come, then
reached around her, pinched her clit and shoved her head under
the water. The water over her head bubbled, and Cecily could hear
a faint scream. She squirmed in anticipation...

Master Craig released Lila's head, and she raised it to the
surface, beaming and gasping for air.

"Oh Master! That was *wonderful*, thank you so much!"

He patted her head, smiling, and began to massage shampoo into
her hair. She purred and arched against him and the dildos,
sighing happily. When he'd worked up a nice lather, and when Lila
was about to come again under Cecily's ministrations, he shoved
her head under the water one more time and rinsed her hair off.
She came up beaming again, choking and gasping and bouncing on
the dildos. Cecily in the meantime hadn't come once, and she
wanted to! But Master Craig hadn't told them they could touch
themselves... she sighed and returned to pleasuring her beautiful
mother, as Master Craig rubbed an exfoliating soap into her skin.
Her mother came twice more before he was done, but he was finally
done! and Cecily sighed happily. It was her turn!

Master Craig and her mother cleaned, teased and massaged Cecily
until her head was spinning. This was such a wonderful place!

And then it was over, and they were standing under the showers,
rinsing off. Cecily was wondering what the second pool held in
store...

well, she'd find out soon enough.

They eased their way into the middle pool, which was even hotter
than the first one. Cecily banged her knee on something and
yelped.

"Yeouch!"

Master Craig laughed and pressed a button on the side of the
pool; the bubbles cleared and Cecily could see what she banged
her knee on. It looked like a box, mounted on a pedestal, with a
hole in the top and two on each side... the lower one was larger
than the upper one. There were two "boxes" in the pool, and
Cecily had no idea what they were for! Then Master Craig pressed
another button, and they both opened up.

"All right slaves, now sit down on those dildos and spread your
pretty thighs. Your legs have got to fit through the holes at the
bottom of the boxes, and make sure they're in the right place,
otherwise they'll get pinched when it closes! Hold your arms out
to the side and make sure to get them into the armholes. Same
with your head, align it with the neckhole."

Ack, another dildo! She was beginning to think her half hour
theory really had some weight to it! Cecily lowered herself
carefully into the box, onto the dildo. She spread her legs, held
her arms out, and aligned her neck. Her mother did the same, and
Master Craig pressed the button again. The boxes closed slowly.

Cecily was beginning to wonder what the heck the things *did*
when Master Craig pressed yet another button, and the boxes
sprang to life.

They were individual jacuzzis! And the jets were focused in very
key spots; there was one on her clit, one on each nipple, one on
her little rosebud of an ass... the dildo was vibrating and
pumping inside her, and Master Craig was standing in front of
her, telling her to open her mouth and suck like a good slave.
Cecily eagerly swallowed him to the hilt, wriggling her hips. She
had a very good feeling about this!

"We find that these Individual Jacuzzis do wonders for relaxing
the muscles and clearing the mind. You'll be in there for another
half an hour, so get comfortable! The nozzles change direction
and speed every so often, so you won't go numb. Enjoy your ride,
slaves!"

Cecily mumbled a fervent yes, Master through his cock. It didn't
take him long before he spurted down her throat, which was good,
because she wasn't sure if she could stop herself from scratching
him with her teeth when she came! She swallowed, gurgling, and
sailed over the peak of yet another megagasm, screaming as she
watched him stroke his cock hard again and shove it down her
mother's throat. That orgasm seemed to set her off, and she kept
coming, crying and arching and bucking, right up until Master
Craig shut the jacuzzis off and she slumped down, boneless.
Fortunately the manufacturers had foreseen this slight
difficulty, and a neck-rest prevented her face from going under
the water! Master Craig opened the boxes and pulled Lily and
Cecily out of them. They stood, with difficulty, and stumbled
over to the main pool, tumbling in and curling up on one of the
benches that lined the sides of the pool. Master Craig told them
to sit there and soak and relax until he came to get them. Cecily
and her mother spent another pleasant time cuddling and kissing
and stroking each other, reviving themselves. Cecily felt totally
limp and cleansed somehow. She noticed that her mother looked
like she was glowing, and wondered if she looked the same way....

Master Craig came to retrieve them. He dried them with soft,
fluffy towels, wrapped their hair in them and gave them cuddly
bathrobes to wear while they picked out their clothes. Cecily
decided on a very very short, filmy green dress, held on with
emerald pins stuck through her nipples. She picked out a matching
garter belt, some lovely green sheer stockings, and beautiful
green four-inch heels. Her mother picked out the same thing,
which flattered Cecily beyond belief -- her mother, with her
mother's impeccable taste in clothing, was going to wear the same
thing Cecily wanted to wear? Wow! They changed into their
purchases on the spot. Master Craig smiled down at both of them.

"What a beautiful pair of women!"

Cecily blushed and beamed. Now if only Mr. Pells was here, that
would make it perfect...

They went on to the beauty salon and got their hair styled and
their makeup done. Cecily's hair was put up into a loose bun, as
was her mother's, and appropriate makeup was applied. They looked
like really expensive whores! No -- even better -- they looked
like *call* *girls*! And pricey ones too... Cecily was ecstatic!
If only Mr. Pells could see her like this! Finally, scented with
perfume, skin glowing, strutting proudly, they kissed Master
Craig's cock respectfully goodbye and went back to the car.

Cecily sank onto the dildo in the car seat with a happy sigh.
This was so wonderful, and the night wasn't even over yet! They
still had dinner to go to, dinner at Furniture's! It had to be
the best day of her life... truly...

