Miranda At Work
by Pablocruz713

Miranda At Work Pt. 02

Miranda gets stripped and puts on a vulgar show.

Thursday morning Miranda got ready for work she picked out a white floral print bustier and a short gray plaid skirt. The top was very tight and pushed up her breasts, it also had a deep plunging neckline exposing a ton of cleavage and at the bottom the hem stopped right above her bellybutton. The skirt was short, a little shorter than the one she wore yesterday about mid thigh and it was loose at the bottom. The plaid skirt looked like something a schoolgirl would wear and Miranda could definitely pass as a schoolgirl in it.

After getting dressed and doing her hair and makeup, Miranda had a small bit to eat. Soon there after she received a text from Mike, "Are you almost ready to go," he asked.

"I'm ready now," she texted back.

"Ok be there in 5," he texted. A few minutes later he arrived and she got into his car. Miranda was wondering if she was going to have to suck his dick on the way to work. Mike drove straight to work and she was a little disappointed in not getting a cock in the morning. Once at work Mike went to his office and Miranda started her morning routine of checking her messages and getting setup for the day.

About thirty minutes later Mike called her into his office. When she got there she started to close the door but he said, "Leave it open I'm expecting some people." He continued talking saying, "I didn't get a good look at your outfit this morning, let me check it now." She did a slow spin for him as he walked out from behind his desk. "Very nice, really cute," he commented. She continued to pose for him even holding the sides of her skirt and doing a curtsy for him. While she was doing this he took a seat on a couch along a wall in his office.

"Now show me what you're wearing underneath," he ordered her. Miranda became very turned on now as the door to the office was still wide open. Miranda was side long to the door and anybody walking by the office would have a clear view of her. The bustier top had buttons in the front and Miranda slowly started to undo them. Miranda had no bra on underneath her top and as more and more of her tits came into view she became more aroused. She kept glancing to the side to see if somebody was walking by. Eventually all the buttons were undone and she threw the top onto a chair. She now reached back and unzipped the skirt then let it drop to the floor revealing her white lace thong. She picked up the skirt and threw it on the chair. Standing in front of Mike in only her tiny thong and high heels she let him fully inspect her.

"Very nice, I think this outfit passes," he said.

"Thank you, I'm glad you like it," said Miranda.

"You haven't paid for the ride to work yet," said Mike.

"The usual price I assume," responded Miranda.

"Yes, but lose the panties first," he said. And with that she slid the panties down her legs and deposited them on the chair. Now fully nude she knelt down between his legs and unzipped his pants. As she was pulling out his cock three men walked into the office.

"Have a seat I'll be with you guys in a few minutes," said Mike. The men came in and sat down. As they came in Miranda looked and saw it was Henry, Jerry and the third engineer whom she had not met yet. None of the men took their eyes off her as she was kneeling with Mike's cock in her hand.

"Keep going," is all Mike said, so she continued by taking his dick into her mouth. She then proceeded to suck his cock with her usual zeal. She had sucked dick with an audience before but this seemed different as it was in such a formal setting. The odd feeling of giving head in an open office while three other men are watching just turned Miranda on more. Miranda continued to suck his dick with gusto and a few minutes later he came in her mouth and she as usual eagerly swallowed it all.

After putting his dick away she stood up giving the three other men a unobstructed view of her naked body. The men were stunned by the beautiful body of this young Latina women. She continued to stand in front of them without covering up or getting dressed as she awaited Mike's next order. The men continued to stare at her nude body as they were waiting for Mike to start the meeting, but he was still recovering from his orgasm and was in no hurry to start.

"Ok, let's get this meeting started," said Mike as he stood up and walked back to his desk. Once at his desk he addressed Miranda saying, "Miranda would you take notes for the meeting?"

Miranda who had been standing completely nude with arms at her sides the whole time took a second and then responded saying, "Can I get dressed first?"

"Oh, yes of course, get dressed first," said Mike. After being given permission to get dressed she walked over to the chair with her clothes that was now occupied by the man she did not know.

As she reached the chair he began to speak to her saying, "Hello, I don't think we have met, my name is Will and I'm an engineer here." He held out his hand and Miranda instinctively held out her hand and shook his.

"Nice to meet you Will, I'm Miranda the new receptionist slash admin clerk," she said while shaking his hand like meeting men while naked was a normal occurrence for her. "You're sitting on my clothes, could you hand them to me, please?", she asked after ending the hand shake.

"Sure, but it'll cost you," he said as he grabbed the clothes from underneath himself.

"Ok," was her only response. Will handed her the top which she proceeded to put on. She slowly buttoned up the shirt standing directly in front of him. He was only inches away and nearly eye level with her bald pussy.

He grabbed her thong now and instead of handing it to her he held it up and asked, "May I?" She merely nodded so he bent forward and held open the panties near her foot. She stepped one foot in then the other and he slid the panties up her legs while also sliding his fingers against her skin. The feeling of his hands sliding the length of her legs sent tingling through her body and her pussy responded by getting very moist. After the thong was pulled into place he pushed on her hip to get her to turn around and she obeyed giving him an up close view of her ass. After some unnecessary touching of her ass while pretending to adjust the back strap he motioned for her to turn back around.

Once she was again facing him he reached for her skirt but before he could hand it to her Mike interrupted by asking, "Will let me see that."

"Here you go," Will said as he tossed the skirt to Mike.

Mike caught it and said, "Are you ready Miranda?"

"I just need to grab a pad first," she said as she turned and headed back to her desk. She was a little disappointed that there was nobody in the outer office to see her in her tiny top and thong panties. Then as she was heading back she heard somebody come in the door from the shop and right before reaching Mike's office she heard someone comment on her tight ass.

Once inside the office she noticed that there were no extra chairs so she stood right inside the door with pen in hand ready to take notes. Following right behind Miranda were two men who also came into Mike's office. Once they got there one of the men said, "Mike, we have a small situation in the shop." The other man stared at Miranda in her little top and even smaller panties never taking his eyes off her the whole time and the man who was talking to Mike glanced over at her as often as he could.

"Ok, I'm coming," said Mike then turning to the seated men said, "I'll be right back." He then followed the men out the door but before leaving he turned toward Miranda and said, "Keep these guys entertained til I get back."

"Well since we're waiting why don't you come over here and pay me back Miranda," ordered Will.

She placed the pen and pad on the desk and walked over to Will and asked, "What's the price then?"

"I heard that a blow job is the going rate now," answered Will.

"Yes, it would seem so," she said as she got down on her knees and unzipped his pants. Will was absolutely shocked at how easy it was to get her to suck his dick, he had heard stories from the other guys but he didn't know how true they were. She pulled out his erect penis, apparently standing in front of him nude did the trick, then she took his cock into her mouth. She proceeded to work her magic on his cock and very soon he came in her mouth.

"That was fucking amazing, you're really good at that," Will said breathlessly.

"I've gotten a lot of practice lately," she said.

"Yeah, I've heard," he said. Miranda felt a slight tinge of shame knowing that her blow job exploits are the talk of the office. She wondered how many of her coworkers knew about her willingness to freely give head and what that would mean for her. She briefly fantasized about having to blow several men everyday and the thought caused her pussy to get wetter. After putting Will's dick away she stood up and faced toward all the men not knowing what to do next.

"Mike said you need to entertain us," said Jerry.

"What do you want me to do then?," asked Miranda.

The men thought about it for a few seconds until Jerry finally answered her by saying, "Strip for us." She said nothing as she reached for the buttons on her top and slowly started to undo them. With each button she undid more and more of her tits came into view, eventually with all the buttons undone she removed the top placing it on the desk. She stood there with her tits out letting them stare. The men were enjoying the show but were also relishing the idea that she would do anything they told her to. "Now take off your panties," said Jerry. She obeyed and slid her thong down her legs and putting it with her top.

As she stood in the middle of the office completely nude Jerry continued talking, "Pose for us."

"What pose do you want," asked Miranda.

"Turn around and bend over," said Jerry. She again obediently complied. "Bend over more and spread your legs wider," added Jerry. She complied and was now putting on a vulgar display with her pussy and anus fully exposed and to top it off the door to the office was still wide open. "Can you spread your ass cheeks for us," requested Jerry.

"I'll try," answered Miranda as she put her head on the floor to balance herself then reached both hands to her ass and pulled her cheeks apart spreading them wide. She was now even more exposed and this humiliating show was turning her on more than ever and causing her pussy to get wetter, so wet that she actually dripped vaginal fluid on to the floor.

"She's dripping on the floor," exclaimed one of the men. Hearing this Miranda became more humiliated knowing the men could see her extreme state of arousal. "I think she likes being exposed and humiliated," added the man. Miranda knew he was right and pointing it out only made it worse for her.

"Stand back up now," commanded Jerry and she stood up and faced the men. "Clean up the mess you made," demanded Jerry. She looked around to find something to pick up her leakage, but Jerry had other ideas and said, "Use your tongue." She then got down on her hands and knees and started licking up her own juices. After licking up the liquid from the floor she stood back up. The men continued to be shocked at what she was willing to do.

"Come over here," ordered Jerry and she walked over to his chair. "Now turn around, bend over and spread your legs," Jerry continued to order her. After complying and presenting her ass and pussy to Jerry's inspection he pulled a handkerchief out of his pocket and proceeded to wipe her pussy. After a few wipes he rubbed his bare hand along her vagina to make sure she was dry. "We don't want to mess up Mike's office, do we?" Jerry said, then adding, "You're good to go now."

"Thank you," Miranda said meekly as she straightened up.

"Ok, one more pose and we'll be done," said Jerry. Miranda merely nodded as he resumed talking saying, "Sit on the edge of the desk facing me." She did this and he continued his instructions, "Now put your feet up on the desk and spread your legs as wide as you can." She did as she was told and exposed her pussy to the men. She felt this pose was more humiliating than the last one as now she was looking directly at the men as they ogled her most intimate body parts. Jerry wasn't done with her yet adding, "Now spread your pussy lips apart, I want to see how pink the inside of your pussy is."

"Wow, that pussy is bright pink," said Will, the comment caused a rush of embarrassment to run through Miranda and made her pussy wet again. The men noticed her growing wetness as Will made another comment saying, "She's getting wet again, she loves being humiliated." Jerry pulled out his phone and took some pics of her in that obscene pose, the other two men followed suit and also took pics of her.

After getting their photos Jerry said, "Ok, you can get down." After she got off the desk Jerry called her over saying, "Come over here and let me clean you up again. She walked over to him and assumed the same bent over leg spread position as before then he again wiped her pussy dry. After a light smack on her ass he said, "Go ahead and get dressed now." She put her panties and top back on but not the skirt as Mike had not given her permission to do so.

After getting dressed she grabbed the pen and pad then stood waiting for Mike. As she stood there the men started asking her questions.

"Do you like being humiliated like that?," asked Will.

"Yes, sir," she answered.

"Do you like to suck dicks?," asked Jerry.

"Yes, sir," she again answered.

"Do you also like getting fucked?," asked Henry.

"Yes, very much," responded Miranda.

"Have you ever done anal?," asked Will.

"Yes," she answered. Soon there after Mike returned to the office.

"Did Miranda keep you guys entertained?", asked Mike.

"Yes, she was very entertaining," replied Jerry as the other guys nodded.

"Good, glad to hear that, now let's start this meeting," Mike said. They held the meeting with Miranda taking notes still half dressed. At the end of the meeting the three men left thanking Miranda for the show as they went out the door. After they were gone Mike asked her what show they were talking about. Miranda told him all about the things they had her do even the part where she cleaned her own juices off the floor. Mike got turned on hearing about the things she had done while he was out, and even Miranda started to get wet as she relived her antics. Mike thought about having her reenact everything but unfortunately he had a lot of work to do and would have to wait.

By now Miranda had grown use to not having her skirt on and after talking to Mike she absentmindedly walked back to her desk in only her panties and top. She had become so comfortable that she did not notice until a man came in from the shop and saw her bare thigh. "Are you not wearing pants?", asked the man.

"Oh, shit I had a skirt on but Mike took it and I forgot to get it back," exclaimed Miranda.

"Turn around, let me see," the man asked. Miranda spun her chair to the side and out from under the desk. Her entire bare legs were now exposed to him. She used one her legs to spin the chair and as a result her legs were spread apart when she faced the man. The tiny white lace triangle of her thong was visible to him, she didn't bother to close her legs and just let him ogle her exposed bottom half. "Is that a thong?", he asked then added, "Stand up, let me see."

"Ok," is all she said as it did not seem like a question to her and she obediently stood up and turned around showing him her exposed ass cheeks.

"Wow, the guys weren't kidding when they said you had a nice ass," he said. After staring at her ass for a full minute he turned to go to Mike's office but turned back to her and asked, "Hey, you want me to see if I can get your skirt for you?"

"Sure, that would be great, thanks," she replied. He then went into the office. About fifteen minutes later he came out of the office holding her skirt. "Oh my god, thank you so much," she said as he came over with her skirt.

As he reached her she extended her hand to grab the skirt but he pulled it back and said, "I'll trade you for it,"

"Trade what for it," questioned Miranda.

"Your panties," he said as he looked down to her crotch. Her mouth dropped open in shock of the idea.

"But...," she started to plead but he cut her off.

"If you don't I'll just take your skirt and tell all the guys that you're only wearing your panties in here," he countered.

"Ok deal, hand me my skirt," she relented feeling she had no choice, but as she stood up and reached out he shook his head.

"No deal, give me the panties first," he said.

"Seriously," she exclaimed.

"Seriously, take them off," he said. Thinking she had no choice at this point she slid her panties down her legs and handed them to him. He didn't reach out for them as he was paralyzed in awe of the sight of her hairless, wet, pink and puffy pussy. She was still very aroused from showing off in the office earlier and her pink pussy lips were glistening with juices. The man couldn't take his eyes off her pussy and just stood there staring.

Eventually after letting him ogle her wet pussy for several seconds she tried to snap him out of his trance by saying, "Hello, can I have my skirt now?"

"Oh, yeah sorry here you go," he said handing her the skirt. He took her panties and she took her skirt and put it on. He put the panties to his nose and inhaled her aroma then put them in his pocket and left. She went back to work but was still very aroused with her pussy leaking fluids. She flipped the back of her skirt up so that she would not get it wet but now her bare ass and vagina was sitting directly on the office chair.

Miranda was considering going to the bathroom to masturbate but before she could Mike came out of his office and handed her a note saying, "Here are the points for the bulletin, use this to write the bulletin you're going to read to the guys."

"But, um...," Miranda said unsure if she could do what he wanted her to do.

"What? What's wrong?," questioned Mike.

"I don't think I'm going to be able to read the bulletin," she answered.

"Why? You agreed to do it didn't you?," he said.

"It's just that...," she paused before finishing her answer, "That guy took my panties in exchange for my skirt." Mike burst out laughing.

"No wonder he wanted to bring you your skirt so bad," he said after he stopped laughing.

"It's not funny he even made me take them off before giving back my skirt," complained Miranda.

"Really, he saw your pussy, I bet that got you wet again, didn't it?," he asked.

"Yes, it did," she quietly answered.

"So you have nothing on under skirt," he said then adding, "Let me see." Miranda turned her chair toward him and held up the front of her skirt showing him her wet and pink pussy. "Wow, you really are wet and it looks kind of puffy too," he exclaimed. He continued, "I bet you really want to come, don't you?"

"I was going to go to the bathroom and masturbate before you came out here," she said.

"Come with me and I'll take care of you," he said as he walked back to his office she got up and followed him. Once there he had her sit on the couch. "Lift up your skirt," he said as he got down on his knees in front of her. Once her pussy was exposed he started licking and sucking it eventually inserting a couple of fingers in it. He was doing a masterful job of eating her pussy and Miranda was already highly aroused so it didn't take long before she came. She had another extremely powerful orgasm and started moaning very loudly. Luckily he shut the door when they came in or else the whole office might have heard her.

He grabbed some tissues off his desk and wiped her vagina dry. After she was cleaned up he said, "Go write the bulletin, I'm going to clean up then we'll go out and read it to the men." He left and she took a minute to recover before returning to her desk. She was working on the bulletin when he came back from the bathroom. "Let me know when you're done," he said.

About fifteen minutes later she went to his office with the completed bulletin. "Ready," he said at seeing her enter the office.

"I'm ready but I still don't have any panties on," she said.

"It's ok I'll get them back for you," he said.

"But won't that just draw attention to the fact that I'm naked under my skirt," she worried aloud.

"Don't worry about it, now let's go," he said as he unbuttoned the top two buttons of her top exposing a huge amount of cleavage from her pushed up tits.

When there got out to the shop floor Mike talked to the shop foreman who then made an announcement over the paging system. Miranda waited nervously wondering how many of the workers knew that her panties were in somebody's pocket and not covering her private parts. Within minutes a crowd had gathered and she scanned the faces in the crowd looking for anyone leering at her knowingly but they all appeared to be leering. After a few minutes all the workers had gathered even all the men who worked inside the office, including the three engineers she exposed herself to earlier.

"Is this everybody?", asked Mike and the foreman nodded. "Ok, let's get started then, Miranda is going to read a bulletin about pertinent news and dates, we're going to do this every few days," said Mike. As she held up the paper to read the bulletin, Mike stopped her saying, "Oh, wait first we need to do something, Chad come up here." After saying that the man who took her panties walked up to the front of the crowd. "I think you have something that belongs to Miranda, Chad," said Mike.

"Yes, right here," said Chad as he pulled out her panties and held them up for the whole crowd to see. This elicited a loud cheer from the crowd and Miranda was mortified, this was exactly what she feared would happen. She blushed and predictably her pussy got wet also.

Chad handed the panties to Mike who then offered them to Miranda saying, "Here put these on." She switched him the paper for the panties and standing in front of about thirty men she submissively bent forward and slipped the thong up her legs. When she bent over more of her tits were on display to the men. When she reached her skirt she very carefully pulled the panties into place trying to lift her skirt as little as possible. When she was done Mike handed her back the paper she then started to read the bulletin but was interrupted again.

"Can we see what she looks like in her panties?", someone from the crowd shouted.

"I don't see why not," responded Mike.

"What!," shrieked Miranda, but before she could react Mike reached behind her and unzipped her skirt causing it to fall to the ground. She was now standing in front of all the employees in only her tiny lace thong and her half buttoned bustier top with her tits popping out.

"Don't stop, keep going," admonished Mike. She resumed reading and tried to keep her voice from cracking under the humiliation and arousal. She stopped to clear her throat then continued reading like reading bulletins in her underwear was a normal thing for her. In her mind she wondered if this would become a normal thing for her now.

She finished reading the bulletin and stepped out of her skirt, which was gathered up around her shoes. As she reached to pick it up Mike snatched it up saying, "You can't wear this now it's been on the shop floor it might have toxic chemicals on it."

"But what I am I going to do I'm in my underwear," protested Miranda.

"Don't worry I'll have someone check it for you, until then you have to stay like you are," said Mike. He started walking back to the office, she followed and the rest of the men working in the office followed her, most likely so they could check out her bare ass. When they got closer to the door she noticed an entry way without a door.

"What's in there," she asked pointing to the entrance.

"That's the locker room," answered one of the men. All the men stopped walking and were looking toward the locker room.

"Do you want to see it?", asked Mike.

"Yes, of course," she said. They all walked to the room and Mike gave her a tour. Inside there were several banks of lockers. "Could I have a locker?," asked Miranda she then continued by saying, "I was thinking of riding my bike to work and need a place to change and store my stuff."

"I don't think that will be a problem, I'll talk to the foreman and see what's available, let me show you the rest of the area," said. Mike. They walked past the lockers and into a bathroom. There were sinks and mirrors on one side of the room and urinals in the other side then beyond that there were two toilet stalls. They all walked past the stalls and Mike said, "And finally there's the shower." He showed her a shower stall but there was no curtain or door on the stall. "You can use this if you want to," he said.

"But there's no curtain, I'd be totally exposed," she said. She looked back at the men when she said it and saw some of them smile.

"Nobody uses it anymore so I think they never replaced it when it fell down," Mike said then adding, "Besides nobody can see in from the bathroom they would have walk all the way down to the end to see in." He said it like it was a big deterrent but Miranda knew if she took a shower here she would most likely be watched.

Mike pointed back to the office and she started walking back with all the men following her. She knew they were all looking at her ass so she decided to tease them a little more by swaying her hips as she walked. She was a sight to see in her high heels and shaking her nearly nude ass. Once back at her desk she got back to work but was distracted by her once again wet pussy.

At lunch time Henry came to her desk and asked her, "What are you do for lunch Miranda?"

"I didn't bring my lunch so I guess I have to go out to the food truck," she answered.

"You do want to go to lunch with me, my treat," he said.

"I'd love to but Mike hasn't brought back my skirt yet, I'm still in my panties," she replied with a pout.

"How about I go get us some takeout," offered Henry. Her face instantly lit up and she smiled.

"Please, that would be great," she said.

"What do you want," he asked.

"Can I get tacos?", asked Miranda.

"Sure, but you'll owe me one," he answered as he winked at her.

"Ok, whatever you want," she answered winking back at him. He left and a short time later he arrived with food. He ushered her into his office where they ate their lunch.

After eating he looked at Miranda and said, "Ready."

"Ready, what's the price for lunch?", she said thinking he would want another blow job.

"Last time you said you would let me fuck you," he answered.

"I did say that didn't I," she conceded.

"Yes, yes you did," he replied.

"Well I guess I have to hold up my end of the bargain, do you want me to strip also?," she said and he only nodded. She stood up and unbuttoned her top and placed it on the desk then she peeled off her panties placing them on the desk too. Once nude she asked him, "Where do you want me?" His office was smaller than Mike's and besides the desk only had two chairs and no couch.

"Bend over the desk," he said as he stood up and took off his pants. She bent over putting her forearms on the desk, she was relieved that the door was shut but she didn't know if it was locked. He walked up behind her and she was wondering if someone would walk in on them. He proceeded to thrust his hard cock into her wet pussy. She didn't get a good look at his penis but it felt average sized inside of her. He then started fucking her in earnest. She was really enjoying getting fuck as it's been a few days since she last got fucked.

Even though Mike made her come before lunch she was still very horny from all the activities of the day. She was horny enough that she felt if he lasted a few more minutes she could orgasm again. She started to relive all the earlier events to help herself. She pictured her vulgar display for the engineers, stripping for Chad and being pantsed in front of the whole company, and it was working. She was getting close and he was lasting then finally she came and in the midst of her orgasm he came inside of her. He slumped onto her back as she slumped onto the desk. After a minute he recovered and stood up. They both got dressed.

She went back to her desk but as she was sitting there she could feel semen and her own juice leaking out of her pussy. Her tiny thong did very little to hold any of the liquid oozing out of her and it was getting on her chair. She got up to go to the bathroom to clean up but as soon as she did Mike came out and started talking to her. He noticed the spunk on the chair and dripping down her leg and commented, "You should go take a shower to clean yourself up."

"But I don't have a towel or anything to wash with," responded Miranda.

"Yeah, I guess you're right," conceded Mike.

"By the way whatever happened to my skirt?", questioned Miranda.

"Oh, they're testing it now," he said, but she felt like that was a lie.

"Ok, if you say so," was her only reply.

He left and she went to the bathroom and clean up as much as she could even taking off her panties and trying to clean them. She went back to her desk and a couple of hours later Mike came back to her desk with a shopping bag. She thought it might be her skirt, but to her surprise it contained some towels, shampoo, body wash and other shower items, even including some razors.

"I suppose now I have no excuse and need to go take a shower," she said.

"If you want to, I just wanted to make sure you have everything you'd need in case you wanted to," he said.

"How can I make sure I won't be spied on," she asked.

"If you go now I can stand guard and guarantee your privacy," he said.

"Ok," she agreed, and they both went into the locker room. When they entered the bathroom, there was a man finishing peeing and he nonchalantly turned around while pulling his pants up giving Miranda a view of his exposed penis. She smiled at him and he smiled back. The thought that she could have unfettered access to the men's restroom turned her on and gave her naughty ideas.

They eventually reached the shower stall and Miranda removed her top and panties hanging them on a hook. She then started pulling items out of the bag and placing them on the shelf or on the towel rack. Mike watched her the whole time and only occasionally glancing over at the doorway to make sure they weren't interrupted. She now turned on the shower and once it was hot she got under the water. She was facing toward Mike as she got her whole body wet including her hair. She hadn't planned on washing her hair at first but decided to put on a show for Mike.

She got some shampoo and started washing her hair, she had her eyes closed the whole time and didn't notice another man had arrived. The foreman Chet had seen Mike standing looking into the shower stall and wondered what he was doing. As soon as he looked in and saw Miranda he understood and stood silently next to Mike watching Miranda wash her hair. After washing her hair for a couple of minutes she started rinsing it off and she didn't open her eyes until she was done rinsing. When she opened her eyes she saw the two men staring at her.

Shocked but not surprised she carried on, grabbing the body wash and proceeding to wash her body now. She spent extra time washing and massaging her tits then washing her belly. When she reached her vagina she spread her legs and leaned back against the wall. After washing the outside of her pussy thoroughly she inserted two fingers into her pussy and started to masturbate in front of the two men. Having already orgasmed twice today she didn't think she could come again so soon, but she wanted to put on a good show for the two guys so she continued.

After several minutes of playing with herself and not getting close she acted out a fake orgasm. She moaned and groaned for several seconds, then she turned around and thoroughly washed her ass. She even bent over and spread her ass cheeks with one hand while washing her anus with the other. After that she spent a few minutes rinsing off. She turned off the shower and grabbed a towel and started drying off.

First she dried her hair leaving the rest of her body exposed in the process as the still silent men looked on. Secondly she dried off her body spending extra time on her pussy and ass. Finally she wrapped the towel around her body and grabbed her panties and top.

"I'm done now, that felt good," she said as she walked out of the shower. She walked back into the office wearing only a towel, Mike followed her and Chet went back to the shop floor. Some of the workers in the shop saw her and were shocked to see her in only a towel but they didn't see much as she soon entered the office.

Once back at her desk she felt odd working in only a towel with nothing underneath. She started to wonder what she could wear as her panties had become completely soiled with semen and pussy juice. When she came back she didn't see where Mike went but a few minutes later he walked up to her desk with her skirt in his hand.

"Your skirt is safe to wear, it has been checked out," he said as he handed her the skirt. She didn't hesitate and took off the towel and placing it on the chair. She started putting her skirt on but as she was doing that a group of men emerged from the conference room.

The finance guys had just finished a meeting with some clients. All the men stopped and stared at her nude body. Miranda calmly continued dressing taking her time putting her skirt on. Once her skirt was on she decided to put her hair up instead of put her top on, so she took a hair tie out of a drawer and pulled her hair into a ponytail and tied it up. The whole time she was doing this her tits were fully exposed to the six men who never stopped staring. Eventually she grabbed her top and put it on then slowly buttoned it up. Seeing that the show was over the men all left.

"You really do enjoy showing off, don't you," commented Mike after watching her display for the clients.

"Yes, I really do, but I thought you knew that already," she replied.

"Yeah, I know but you still manage to amaze me with what you're willing to do," he said. She just smiled and stuck her tongue out at him. He continued talking asking, "Why no panties?," as he eyed her panties on the desk.

"I can't wear those anymore they're dirty, they're full of pussy juices and semen," she answered.

"Who's semen?," he asked with a raised eyebrow.

"Henry's, I let him fuck me in his office to pay for lunch, I kind of offered earlier this week," she answered.

"I should have gotten you lunch then, I guess," he said.

"You can get me lunch tomorrow, or you can give me a ride home," she said with a sultry smile and a wink.

"I think I will do that,...for sure," he said winking back at her, then he returned to his office.

Miranda had left her soiled panties on her desk and whenever a guy came into the office, they would undoubtedly notice the dirty thong. Of course every guy then also asked Miranda to lift up her skirt to prove that those are the same panties she was wearing earlier. Even though she was tempted to show them her pussy she nevertheless decided to decline lest there be a stampede of men into the office. Other then questions about her panties rest of the day was mostly uneventful.

When the day was over Mike came to her desk and asked, "Are you ready?"

"Yes, just let me grab my stuff," she said then they left and got into his car and headed to her place. On the way Mike pulled behind a closed down store and parked.

"You wanna get into the back seat," he requested.

"Ok," she said then got out went to the back seat where she laid down on her back. Mike got out and came around the car and got in after her. He then flipped up the front of her skirt onto her stomach exposing her bald pussy. After unzipping and fishing out his penis, he straddled her head and dipped his cock into her awaiting mouth. She sucked him until he was hard then he moved back down and inserted his hard cock into her already wet pussy. He fucked her hard for several minutes and she was getting close to coming but unfortunately he finished before she could.

He got up and they both got back into the front seats. Once there she pulled her dirty panties out of her bag and put them on as he drove the rest of the way to her apartment. She hoped the panties would keep his semen from leaking out onto the seat. When they arrived at her apartment she lean over and kissed him and thanked him for everything he did for her. He said, "It was my pleasure," and it was the truth. After she was out of the car he rolled down the window and said, "I'll call you later to discuss your outfit for Friday."

"Ok, I'm excited, if Friday is anything like today it's going to be fun," she replied then went inside.
