Bachelorette Party
A Kelly's Diary Story
by Kelly85
Copyright© 2021 by Kelly85

Chapter 1: Party Preparations

Even though it meant missing a few classes, I took a couple of days off from school to attend my older cousin Ginny’s wedding. Admittedly I was a little disappointing having been only assigned a small part in the ceremony as greeter by the guest book. So much for hopes of finally being a bridesmaid. Even so, I was looking forward to meeting old friends and relatives and hopefully have a fun time. There WAS one thing I was looking forward to the most though, and it was the primary reason for me leaving a couple of days early with school almost over - the bachelorette party. Until now I’d never been to one and knowing Ginny and the crowd she hung out with, especially her maid of honor who was setting up the party, I knew this just had to be a wild event! I’d heard some pretty crazy stories from other girls about bachelorette parties that they had attended and I had high expectations that it was going to be a lot of fun.

At 23, Ginny was four years older than me, almost five as her birthday was coming up in June, so while we’d hung around together at family gatherings we weren’t nearly as close as I was with Kristen, my cousin on my mother’s side who had just turned seventeen. In fact, when she found out I was invited Kristen was a bit miffed. Apparently she hadn’t been invited so I asked Ginny’s best friend Audrey, her maid of honor in charge of the party, why Kristen wasn’t invited. Since both of us were under 21 it wasn’t like it was because of any alcohol restrictions.

To my surprise, Audrey seemed somewhat amused by my question. She responded first by telling me it wasn’t the drinking age that was the concern as she’d rented a suite in the hotel where the reception was to be held and most people were staying there (including me). Then Audrey became rather cryptic, saying something about how the entertainment required everyone be at least eighteen. Apparently I must’ve looked a bit puzzled because she just giggled and refused to elaborate, leaving me to have to use my imagination as to what the “entertainment” was going to be! Well, I have quite a imagination to say the least.

Since my dad STILL wouldn’t let me have a car (don’t even get me started on that one!), my mom had to drive almost four hours to pick me up from school. The semester was almost over so it was going to be difficult missing a few days of class but hey, sometimes sacrifices have to be made.

As I mentioned, there would be rooms for everyone at the hotel where the wedding was being held so I wouldn’t be staying at my parents’ house. Kristen and I would be sharing a room although she wouldn’t be arriving until a little later, probably not until after the party. Even though Kristen couldn’t attend the bachelorette party there were still other things going on such as a wedding shower not to mention there would be a number of friends and relatives for her to visit with. We’d been talking on the phone about it for weeks and we couldn’t wait to spend the night together. She mentioned something about bringing a camera which perked up my imagination. Kristen had always been the one between us to do crazy things and get me in trouble so I could only imagine what she was going to come up with!


Chapter 2: Driving With My Mom

My mom was waiting for me when I got out of my last class for the day. Fortunately this was one of those days I finished early so I was able to attend everything and still have enough time for the drive back to Pittsburgh. My stuff was already packed so all I had to do was go to my room and change quickly. No way was I wearing this long skirt home. It was bad enough to have to dress like a nun at school, I wasn’t about to suffer any longer than necessary.

Brenda was still at class when I got in the room so I hurried and undressed. God it felt so good to get out of that damn underwear, especially the bra. Panties I could live with but bras are the worst thing ever invented - and by a man I’m sure. OK, so some women needed them for support but for those of us who don’t, why are we forced to put on those harnesses? Thank God these days there were more options and some of them actually weren’t too bad, but still, why wear anything if you didn’t have to?

I had been debating all morning what to wear home. While I would’ve loved to have put on some short shorts and a tank top, if I was caught walking around campus, even just to the car, it could lead to disciplinary actions. Seeing how I’d already had enough warnings, sooner or later it wouldn’t be overlooked which could lead to some serious issues, even dismissal. Instead, I chose a short pleated skirt that didn’t come quite half way down to my knees. It was totally against the dress code as well, but it wouldn’t be as noticeable at first like the shorts would have been. Then I picked out a tight white cami. Without a bra my nipples showed through and there was even a hint of darkness where they pressed against the fabric so I put on a blouse over top until I got in the car. With that I was ready so I grabbed my bag and purse and hurried to my mom’s car.

“Sort of pushing it today, aren’t you?” my mom teased after greeting me, “I thought you were on like your last warning notice or something from that last letter they sent us.”

She was referring to the letter the school administration had sent my parents when I was warned yet again about my “inappropriate” attire. Really, at nineteen I was old enough that I didn’t need letters sent home to my parents but those were the rules. It was so stupid too. Yes, I knew the skirt was short but I honestly thought it was long enough to get by. Well, not according to the damn ruler. In any case, I just rolled my eyes at her and grinned and then we both laughed. As much as she tried to act as the “responsible parent” when it came to things like school dress codes, she’d learned years ago that I loved to dress slutty and even though I’d toned it down a LOT at college, there were still times I liked to see what I could get away with.

We drove down the winding country roads, chatting about how things had been going at home for her and school for me. We talked most every day on the phone not to mention e-mail and chat so it wasn’t like we had all that much to catch up on. Finally there was a lull in out discussion and for a few minutes the car was silent as she negotiated the road. As I laid my head back and closed my eyes, I could feel that “itch” I always got when I was horny. Of course I’d masturbated this morning before class but in my rush to get out I’d skipped my usual after-class session and my pussy was reminding me in not too subtle ways. Almost without even thinking about it, I put my hand down between my legs and lifted my skirt up high enough to get my finger on my exposed clit. Instinctively my hips rose up just a bit as I drew in a sharp breath when my finger landed directly on my clit.

“Been a while, eh?” my mom interrupted me, a slit chuckle to her voice. With my concentration broken I turned my head to look at her, keeping my hand between my legs.

“You could say that,” I sighed.

“So when was the last time you got laid?” she asked matter-of-factly, as if asking me when I had my last period.

I explained to her that actually it hadn’t been THAT long, only about three weeks or so. In fact, it was pretty hot in that it was with my roomies married brother AND it was the first time she and her brother had done it as well. I’d told her about it not long afterwards, just as I have always told her about most everything I do. Still, three weeks is a long time to go without sex so no wonder I was horny as hell.

“Well, I guess I can understand why you can’t wait to do that until we get home,” she nodded, “Go ahead, I’ll just listen to some music until you’re done.”

It was great to have a mother like mine. Some mothers would have been horrified if their daughter started to masturbate in front of them period, let alone in the car next to them. Fortunately I’d been raised in an environment where masturbation was considered a natural human function no different than eating if you get what I mean. EVERYONE does it, or at least almost everyone, so why make a big deal out of it? If you feel the need, then do the deed my dad always says. Well, I definitely felt the need!

We had made our way to the expressway by now but the way my mom drove, she was always in the right hand lane and almost never passed anyone. Thus with me in the passenger seat it was unlikely that anyone would see what I was doing so I pulled the skirt up more to be more comfortable. The coolness of the soft leather seat under my bare bottom felt so good! I leaned the seat back a bit and spread my legs enough to let my hand cup my crotch without being pinched between my thighs.

“Oh yeah,” I sighed softly as my finger went to work on me. With my eyes shut I recalled how hot it had been to be fucked by my roomie’s brother. God, he had done me with his wife passed out in the bedroom right across the hall, not to mention in front of his younger sister. My clit was so sensitive and I could feel my pussy getting wetter by the minute as I thought about how it had been to watch him fuck Brenda the first time. Talk about HOT! I’d never seen a brother fucking his sister before and for it to be their first time as well was one of the most erotic sights I’d seen in ages - well maybe ever. My finger plunged into my pussy as I recalled how he’d cum in her and then let me eat his cum out of her pussy afterwards. Mmmmmmm, she tasted so good!

“You know, if you’re going to moan so loud I can’t hear the radio, the least you could do is tell me what’s got you so worked up,” my mom complained playfully.

Well, she asked for it! From then on, instead of just visualizing being with David and Brenda, I gave my mom a running dialog of how I wanted him to fuck me again, how good it felt to have his cum inside of me after not having been fucked for months. She got to hear how I loved being eaten by Brenda as her brother fucked me, how her tongue felt so good in my pussy - just as it always did when we would play in our dorm room together. At one point I opened my eyes enough to glance over at my mom. She must’ve been getting worked up listening to me as I saw she had slipped her hand inside her blouse and was massaging one of her boobs under her bra as she drove. It wasn’t anything so obvious anyone would’ve noticed as they passed by, but it was pretty erotic seeing my mom getting all horny because of me and what I was telling her.

My pussy was soaking wet now and I knew she had to smell me as well. Mom seemed to have a nose for pussy, that was for sure. Back in high school I could never sneak in after a date having been fucked by my boyfriend without her knowing it, just by smelling me as I walked in the door and went by her. Then again, I guess the odds were in her favor as many a time when I came home from a date, I HAD just been fucked! Even if not, I was usually so worked up from sucking his cock or masturbating for him that I swear she could smell my pussy from across the room!

“Oh mom, this feels so good,” I sighed in a voice husky with lust.

God, talk about being horny! All I could think about right then was having a dick in me, ANY dick, just long as it was hard and a human male it would do. Two finger now in my pussy - I was imagining us stopping at a rest area we just passed, my mom pimping me out to the truck drivers as she took on a few of them herself. I was about to cum and I needed it SO badly I wanted to scream.

“OH FUCK!” I cried out as it finally hit me.

My orgasm flared and then exploded, drenching me in pleasure and making me feel almost on fire. I was so hot yet goose bumps broke out on my arms and legs, I could feel my nipples rubbing against the cami and it was like they had suddenly burst out of my chest, pushing out against the fabric in a vain attempt to be released. It just kept going on and on as I played with my crotch with both hands now, one working my clit, the other pushing fingers into my pussy. It was like nothing else existed, just me and my orgasm that just wouldn’t end, or at least it seemed that way.

Of course, all good things must end and so it was with my orgasm. Gradually it wound down, more like a slow leak than turning off a spigot as I tried to catch my breath. My face felt beet red and I could only imagine how flushed I must have been about then. I just sat there, one hand cupping my hyper-sensitive crotch while the other held onto one of my boobs.

“Damn girl, was it really THAT good?” my mom teased me, “Or were you just trying to get your poor old mom all worked up?”

I turned my head and grinned at her, not trusting my voice yet. My mom’s face turned more serious and she stopped touching herself, leaving her blouse unbuttoned though.

“You know Kelly, I’ve always enjoyed watching you masturbate,” she said softly, “You just seem to get so caught up in it. I mean, I love to do it too but I’ve never known anyone that gets into it as much as you do sometimes.” She paused and then her face broke into a sly grin, “Nor have I ever known anyone who DOES it as much as you do. Oh my god!”

We both laughed at that last one. Indeed, when I was younger and had just started masturbating, I loved it so much I was doing it all the time it seemed, unable to get enough of this new sensation that it created in me. The only problem was I lacked the maturity to know that there were times it wasn’t quite appropriate and my mom would fuss at me to wait until later. It became a joke as I grew older, but I think she actually did get perturbed with me at times when I was younger for embarrassing her at times. When I got older and we talked about it I would remind her who it was that taught me to love it so much!

“Well, you better shower first thing when we get back, you smell something fierce!” she warned me. Well, THAT was one remark that certainly didn’t surprise me.

The rest of the trip was rather uneventful. More for her sake I left my skirt up and just toyed with myself absentmindedly the rest of the way. It was sort of like any other reflex people might have. Some people chew their nails, I play with my pussy. Works for me.


Chapter 3: The Hotel Room

My mom drove straight to the hotel since it was just off the interstate on the way back into town. Going home first would’ve been a long detour and I was already running late - mom’s not exactly a speeder like my dad so the trip took a lot longer than usual. Mom dropped me off at the hotel front entrance where I quickly checked in and took the elevator up to find my room. After the long drive, not to mention what I’d been doing during that drive, I needed to freshen up for the party so a speedy shower was definitely in order. Dropping my bags on one of the double beds, I quickly undressed and stepped into the shower. When the water was hot enough I changed it from the faucet to the shower and the stinging flow of hot water suddenly striking me felt invigorating after sitting in a car all afternoon.

Standing there under the steady stream of water, I closed my eyes and just let it hit me and flow down my naked body. I started soaping myself down and as I ran the bar of soap over my breasts my nipples started to harden from the attention. My hands caressed my breasts and squeezed them, lifting them up and then letting them slide through my wet fingers. I kept massaging them with my left hand as my right hand drifted down my wet stomach and I rubbed the bar of soap between my legs. I had just shaved that morning and the soap glided over my smooth bare pussy like an ice cube on a warm plate. Damn, I was still horny as hell! Oh well, why fight Mother Nature?

As I rubbed the soap against my swelling clit, my middle finger reached down between my pussy lips and I pushed it up into me. With my eyes tightly shut I imagined someone breaking into my room now, pulling me from the shower and blindfolding me. Images of being fucked by a strange cock, unable to see him but feeling him violating me as he ever so slowly pushed himself deeper and deeper into me filled my head. I wanted him to stop by my pussy was crying out to be fucked until finally I stopped resisting and accepted his dick in me. When he had cum and I thought it was over, another dick pushed its way into me, only to be followed another and another as a stream of men made their way into the room, each fucking and cumming in me only to be replaced by another impatiently waiting his turn at me. I lost track of them as my body was repeatedly violated, yet at the same time I came time after time as my pussy overflowed with their combined cum.

Between the actions of my two hands it wasn’t long before I was gasping for air as a huge orgasm swept over me. I cried out as my clit screamed like it was on fire, sending shivers through me despite the hot water that was cascading over me. Hopefully nobody was listening too close in the next room! I kept fingering my pussy as I dreamed of being fucked harder and harder while their cum would pour from my overflowing pussy like hot lava from a volcano. There was no room for more, each time a new dick entered me, it would push out the cum from before and then he would fill me again with his fresh load. Nobody said a word or touched me, just their cocks into my pussy and nothing else.

As I masturbated hard again for the second time in almost as many hours, I started to feel lightheaded and for a moment I was actually concerned that I might faint so I rested against the shower wall, holding the handicap rail in it as my legs felt weak and my entire body just trembled uncontrollably. God it always felt soooooo good to cum! There was nothing like it in the world, no drug could possibly make me feel this good. Some people have told me I am addicted to sex, particularly to masturbating and I don’t disagree. But then, so what? It’s like the perfect drug, natural and always there and it doesn’t cost a dime.

I scrubbed myself clean again and then after my shower I dried my hair and put on a little makeup, nothing too much which was actually normal for me as I’ve never been one for a lot of that stuff. Just as I finished the room phone rang - it was Audrey checking to see if I was coming so they could get started.

Looking at the clock, I realized I still has a few minute before the official start time but they must have been anxious to get started. All I had left to quickly get dressed. I had it all picked out ahead of time - one of my shortest skirt and a blouse at least a size too small, together with a very skimpy white thong and heels. Something told me that nobody would mind that I’d left my bra at school. Looking in the mirror, I hoped I was dressed appropriately!


Chapter 4: The Party Begins

After taking the elevator up to the suite I learned I was the last of twelve girls to arrive, including the guest of honor - my sexy cousin Ginny. From the looks of things they’d already gone through a couple bottles of wine and Audrey welcomed me with my own glass, inviting me to catch up with them. While I accepted it to be polite, normally I don’t drink much alcohol because it tends to make me sleepy more than anything. In this case I didn’t think a glass or two would hurt since the last thing I was likely be doing was falling asleep!

For the first hour or so we played a bunch of silly games. It was sort of like a baby shower but the rules and prizes certainly weren’t for a baby! Suffice to say they all revolved around drinking or sex or both. The primary objective of each one seemed to be to get Ginny more drunk and see how many ways she could wear a condom or play with a dildo! They were certainly meeting their goals as Ginny swigged down one glass of wine after another, like it was water. I’d seen her drink before but never this much and I couldn’t help but hope she didn’t pass out! With all the drinking and laughter I was amazed that nobody was complaining in the rooms next to us. As it turned out, someone must have been because suddenly there was a sharp knock at the door and a deep voice outside announced that they were from hotel security and for us to let them in.

Everyone immediately quieted down as Audrey answered the door and in barged three guys wearing dark blue security uniforms. All three looked to be in their early twenties and their uniforms seemed a little tighter than usual but it was OK to me as they accentuated their hard bodies. Dang, these guys must spend half the day at the gym! One of them seemed to be in charge and he started scolding us for being so loud and obnoxious, saying the hotel had gotten several complaints about the noise from the other guests and that they were here to check us out to make sure everything was alright.

I was wondering what he meant by “check us out” when the head guy asked, “Who’s the bride responsible for this mess?”

It seemed a silly question as it should’ve been easy for them to identify her seeing how she was the only one wearing a tiara with a dozen or so condoms hanging from it! We all looked at Ginny and they followed our eyes to her where she was sitting, suddenly looking totally embarrassed. The three of them then moved over until they were standing in front of Ginny and then suddenly, without any warning whatsoever, they each ripped their shirts completely off in one quick motion. Audrey must have been waiting for this because she immediately cranked up the music again while the rest of us quickly moved our chairs to form a circle around them. We all watched as the three hunks stripped off one piece of clothing after another. When they were finally down to their G-strings, which by themselves left very little to the imagination, they started making the rounds, dancing with each girl for a brief time before moving on to the next.

When one of them eventually came to me he grabbed my hand and pulled me up out of the chair. I couldn’t help but stare as he was all but naked and looked SO hot. He started rubbing up against me and running his hands up and down my back, even grabbing my ass and pulling me into him so his cock was pressing against me through the thin material that barely covered him. Needless to say I was certainly getting turned on as this was without a doubt the sexiest hunk of a man I’d ever been this close to! Sadly, he soon moved on but when I sat down I could feel the tingle in my pussy telling me it was getting excited yet again.

As time went on the dances got sexier and more suggestive until finally Audrey stood up to announce it was time for the bride’s “special” lap dance. She said since there were three guys, two more girls needed to volunteer to join Ginny and she called on the group to vote who should go first. As the maid of honor, Audrey was an easy first choice and then to my shock and embarrassment they voted for me, apparently because I was the youngest one there. Oh well, it’s not like I am particularly shy so I accepted the challenge.

The guys lined up three chairs and one guided Ginny to sit in the center one while Audrey and I were maneuvered to sit on the ones flanking her. At first it was a bit awkward as I sat there not being quite sure what to do next. As it turned out there nothing for me to worry about, these guys were professionals all the way and took charge! One guy got in front of each one of us and you could literally feel the tension in the air as everyone waited to see what was going to happen next. My guy was the same gorgeous hunk that had given me my first dance. Assuming he wasn’t wearing any padding inside that narrow G-string, he must’ve been hung like a horse - and he wasn’t even hard yet from what I could tell judging by the outline of his cock inside!

OK, I CAN be shy at times and this was a little out of my comfort zone. My face must have been beet red because he bent down close to me and whispered in my ear, telling me not to worry and just to relax and have some fun. Then he took another look at me and asked in a more serious businesslike tone if I was eighteen. I assured him that I was after which he just smiled and winked at me.

With the three of us now in place with a hunk assigned to each of us, the music started once again. My guy straddled my chair and moved in close to me. As the other girls cheered them on, I was treated to the sexiest and most erotic dance any man had ever given me. I’d seen lap dances before in movies but it was always a girl doing the dancing, never a guy giving one to a girl. He moved up and down, rubbing his crotch and body up against me. His hands roamed all over my body and I don’t think they ever came off of me once during the whole dance. He even fondled my boobs and at one point briefly reached in between my legs under my skirt to run his fingers up my crotch - over my thong of course but still I could feel the pressure of his finger on my clit.

Then I heard a big cheer go up and looked over to see that my cousin and Audrey were evidently having sort of contest to see who was the more daring. The first cheer had come when Audrey pulled down her dancer’s G-string, allowing his now slightly-erect cock to swing freely in front of her face. He certainly hadn’t had any padding, that was for sure! It was a great looking dick. His crotch was a thick thatch of curly dark pubic hair at the base and above his cock but he was shaved around his balls which kept them from being hidden from sight. He was only starting to get hard but from the looks of things I figured him to be quite a mouthful when he was finally erect!

Not one to be outdone by her best friend (I could relate to that), Ginny pulled off her guy’s G-string as well. His cock was almost a twin of his partner’s dick but also not hard yet so it simply flopped out and hung down like a limp sausage. Ginny leaned forward and raised the pot by taking his cock into her mouth and then quickly taking the entire thing in until her face was buried in his crotch. As flaccid as he was it wasn’t much of an effort but it still was hotter than hell watching her.

Ginny was a bit of a tease and liked to dress a bit on the edge but I had NEVER seen her doing anything overtly sexual before so to see my cousin suddenly giving a complete stranger a blowjob was an incredible and almost unbelievable sight. It was a good thing I was watching it for myself as if someone had just told me I would have never believed them! Audrey smiled and quickly followed suit and next thing I knew they were both sucking cock like it was just the natural thing to do. I looked up and saw my guy looking down at me as he rubbed his still hidden cock up against my cheek. It was obvious he was looking for some of what his partners were getting so who was I to refuse?

I reached up for his G-string, hooking a finger in the thin string on each side. The other girls started chanting my name, egging me on to join the other two. Even Audrey and Ginny were watching out of the corners of their eyes with their mouths full of cock, looking to see what I would do. Whether it was the wine or the excitement, or a bit of both, I figured what the heck, why not? It wasn’t that I didn’t know what to do as I’d been sucking cocks since I was fourteen and absolutely loved doing it, even having done it in public before. It was just that I’d never done it in front of an audience like this before, one which included my own cousin who until now I knew could be wild but not THIS wild!

None of them had any idea how much experience I had sucking cock and so I found it sort of fun to pretend as though I didn’t know what I was doing. Taking a deep breath, I pulled his G-string down to his ankles and then he stepped out of it. Lo and behold, there was his massive cock right in front of my face. I couldn’t help but smile as I remembered my earlier question as to whether he was using padding or not. Well, let’s just say if anything he was even bigger than I’d hoped for.

When I started to reach for it with my hand he pushed it away, warning me that no touching was allowed. Evidently my mouth didn’t count when it came to that rule! He stood and leaned forward enough for the head of his cock to just brush up against my check and then my lips. Taking the hint, I obediently opened my mouth wide and leaned forward myself to allow the head to move into my eager mouth. As soon as it disappeared past my lips another cheer went up in the room and I heard several girls yelling “Go Kelly!” as I sat still and he moved his hips to stroke his cock in and out of my mouth. It was like he was fucking my mouth and I could feel him growing, getting bigger with each stroke it seemed. As he got bigger it was getting harder and harder to take all of him in and he was just starting to strike the back of my throat when I felt a tap on my shoulder and realized that another girl wanted a turn. Reluctantly I dropped him from my mouth, got up and moved out of the way.

The girl who took my seat certainly didn’t waste any time - she was sucking him before she even sat down! I looked over and felt a pang of jealousy as I saw that as the bride, Ginny was able to keep her spot without having to share. Well, she was obviously enjoying herself. Poor Audrey also had to give up her seat and the two of us grinned at each other as we both licked our lips seductively.

It was one of the more erotic sights I’d seen as I watched the other girls as one by one they sucked the guys’ dicks. As for myself, I finally got one more shot, this time with one of the other guys. His cock was now rock hard after having so many women sucking on it and I was proud to be one of the few to be able to take him all the way in and down my throat. I think it was a big surprise to most of the girls there to see how good I was at deep throating. Well, if that shocked them then I could only imagine if they knew where I learned my technique! It would have been interesting to see their reaction if I were to tell them how many hours my mom and dad had spent, patiently teaching me how to take his stiff cock all the way in without gagging. My mom was still better than me - she made it look effortless, but I think overall I give just as good of head as she does.

Actually not all of the girls there actually sucked cock. There were a couple who apparently either didn’t like to give blowjobs or were too embarrassed to do it in front of everyone but they certainly didn’t mind watching those of us that did! As for me, I certainly didn’t mind anyone watching, Although this was a new scenario for me, I’ve always enjoyed being watched during sex whether it’s just me masturbating or getting laid. Something about it just adds an element of naughtiness and eroticism knowing someone else is watching me and getting turned on wishing they had me instead.

It was interesting to watch the other girls, though, and observe the variety of techniques. I was a little surprised to see that most of them seemed pretty amateurish, just opening their mouths and letting the guy fuck it with his cock. Maybe it was just the girls I hung around with but I would have figured that more of them would have been better at sucking dick. I had a couple of friends who refused to let a dick in their mouths but by far the rest of them at least tolerated it.

A couple of them I could tell were more experienced and knew how to give a proper blowjob. Surprisingly, or maybe not so when I thought about it, Audrey and Ginny both seemed to be quite accomplished cock suckers and I couldn’t help but wonder where they’d been practicing. Neither of them had spoken of it before and I found myself gaining a new-found respect for my cousin. Something told me that we might have some interesting discussions the next time our families got together!

If there was anyone I admired for their expertise it had to be the strippers. All three guys must have had a lot of experience doing this as I was witnessing one of the most incredible displays of male stamina I’d ever seen. Based on my experience to date with sucking guys, I marveled that they were able to keep going for so long with so many girls sucking them - all without cumming even once!

I’ve had a wide range of experiences going from one extreme of your typical young teenager who cums in the first 30 seconds (or less) to the more experienced men who may hold out for fifteen to twenty minutes but I’d never had a guy who could hold out for more than that while I sucked his cock. Even guys who claimed they had never cum from a BJ without jerking off at the end succumbed to my mouth and I’ve yet to have a guy NOT get off from me sucking him when I was given the chance. These guys look like they would’ve been the ultimate challenge to my skills. This had been going on now for well over a half-hour and they STILL were rock hard without a drop of sperm emerging.

Ginny had been working her guy over pretty good and every now and then the guys would trade places so it wasn’t like she had been sucking the same guy the entire time. Her mouth must have been getting pretty tired by now sucking cock for that long non-stop, especially considering how big they were! Little cocks were so much easier to suck and when you were done your mouth didn’t feel so tired from having to open wide to take him in. With these guys I imagined Ginny’s mouth and cheeks were going to feel like she had been in a dentist’s chair for half an hour straight!

After my second go-around I sat down on the floor with my legs crossed under me which caused my skirt to ride up to my ass. God I was horny yet again! Without really thinking about it, I started to reach between my legs and then hesitated, suddenly remembering where I was and sheepishly pulled my hand away. Then I looked around then and saw I wasn’t the first to have the idea! The two girls who weren’t into sucking cock instead were rubbing their pussies and boobs as they watched the show. The rest were gathered around the guys, running their hands over their bodies and in a couple of cases, had undone their tops and blouses to free their breasts which they rubbed against the guys as well. Apparently the “hands-off” rule was now suspended.I decided to get a few feels of those spectacular bodies myself so I got back up and squeezed in. I gingerly put my hand on one guy’s bare ass which was moving back and forth as one of the girls was sucking his cock. God his ass was so tight and firm!

Emboldened, I squeezed it and ran my hands all around it. My other hand was rubbing myself and I shuddered as my fingers ran over my excited clit. I let my fingers slide down the crack of his ass and felt his asshole under my fingertip. I pressed the tip of my finger in just a bit and he suddenly looked around to see what was going on. When he saw it was me he just smiled and winked at me and then turned back to the next girl who was taking her place for her turn at his cock. I’d NEVER put my finger up a guy’s asshole before and I felt incredibly naughty and dirty as I pushed it in as far as I could. He was started to move his ass again as the girl was going to town on his cock which helped me to establish a rhythm as I finger-fucked his ass. Audrey came up next to me and when she saw what I was doing she put her hands to her mouth in mock shock. She burst out laughing and started pointing me out to the other girls who all cheered me on.

Finally I pulled my finger out and was a bit shocked when Audrey unexpectedly took my hand and sucked my finger like a popsicle. Ewwwww, now THAT grossed me out! Like, I had just had it up his asshole for God’s sake and now she as sucking it! Anal sex of any type has never been my strong suit but she seemed to be enjoying it. When she was done I smelled my finger and grimaced a bit as it smelled like crap. And to think she had put it in her mouth. Well, whatever turns you on I guess! I made a quick exit to the restroom to wash my finger before I got sick.

When I returned I was just in time to see the guy being sucked by Ginny reach down and picked her up in his muscular arms. My eyes widened as he carried her off to the bedroom as Audrey explained to me that she had paid them to give her a more private and intimate lap dance. My first naive thought was, what could be more intimate than what we were already doing? Then I rolled my eyes at my stupidity. Obviously this was going to more than just your typical lap dance! How much more though? Now THAT was the question.


Chapter 5: My Cousin the Slutty Bride

The last couple of girls were getting their turns now at the remaining two guys. You had to give the guys credit. How did they last so long without cumming? Suddenly we all heard a loud cry emanating from the bedroom. Audrey cracked the door open and peeked in. She turned with a huge grin on her face, gave a thumbs up and then motioned for everyone to hurry over. When we got there she opened the door wide and there in full view was my cousin, now totally nude, and riding the guy’s cock like a cowgirl. She was fucking him like there was no tomorrow - and there might NOT be a tomorrow either if her fiancé found out about this!

Again, if I hadn’t seen it with my own two eyes I never would’ve believed it. My god, she was getting married tomorrow and her she was riding a stranger’s dick - and doing in front of almost a dozen witnesses! Was she crazy - What if her fiancé found out? This was a side to Ginny I’d never seen - a side for which there had never been even a hint in all the years I knew her. Then again, she probably would be just as shocked if she saw me riding my father so maybe it wasn’t as surprising that I didn’t know about this side of her.

We all squeezed into the room and cheered her on. My cousin, who was sexy as hell but usually quite reserved, never even hesitated when she realized we were watching and if anything it seemed to spur her on to bounce on his cock even harder. She was literally bouncing up and down on his cock like she was on a trampoline, pounding down onto his crotch every time she dropped down. Meanwhile, the last girls had finished with the other guys and they all joined us in the bedroom. The guys were still naked and they started stroking themselves as they watched their friend being fucked by my naked cousin. For a moment my mind wandered and I wondered how they determined who got the bride at these things. Did they take turns? Some form of perverse form of seniority? In any case, they just got to jerk off while their partner fucked the bride.

Suddenly the guy she was fucking lifted my cousin up and off of his cock. She immediately got to her knees and grabbed his cock in her mouth again. He jerked violently as he came, all of his cum spewing into her mouth without spilling a drop. By then the other two were finally ready and so they each took one side and squirted their cum all over their side of Ginny’s face and hair. When they had finished she dropped onto her back on the bed, exhausted and covered with cum.

Ginny used her fingers to try and scoop as much of the cum into her mouth with her fingers and I smiled seeing the huge slutty grin on her face. Damn, her hair was going to be a mess. I can’t think of anything harder to wash out of my hair than a man’s cum. It seems to coagulate in the shower and I have to use a fine comb to literally drag it out of my hair one blob at a time. I guess in porn movies they never show the poor girl having to clean up afterwards so guys don’t realize the hassle they create for me when they won’t cum in my mouth like I wish they would. I wondered where she was getting her hair done in the morning? Maybe it was a common thing for brides to show up the morning of the wedding with cum in their hair - you think?

Apparently when they came was like the finale at a fireworks show. It was the end of the male entertainment portion of the evening and as they quickly got dressed and left. We all went back out into the living room area of the suite where we talked excitedly about everything that had happened, especially how hot Ginny had looked getting fucked - with her wedding day approaching at that! Eventually Ginny came staggering back into the room, still nude but she had washed the cum off her face and was sporting a huge grin as if it as glued in place. I figured she was drunker than a skunk and I wondered if she would even remember what she’d done her when the alcohol finally was flushed from her brain. We all clapped and cheered for her and she blew us a kiss and curtsied. She then went back in the room to finish cleaning up and get dressed, leaving the rest of us to straighten up as well.

When Ginny finally returned we gave her a standing ovation and she was still grinning like a fool, looking perhaps a little embarrassed now as if the reality of what she’d just done may have started to sink in. We sat around for a while longer, talking and telling stories about guys we had been with and such for another hour or so when Audrey announced that the party was over and we needed to let the bride get some sleep. I looked at my cousin with newfound respect and I couldn’t help but wondered what her fiancé would say at the rehearsal tomorrow if he knew how his new wife had spent the previous night!

I said goodbye to everyone and returned to my room where I found Kristen lying in bed sound asleep. I bounced on the bed to wake her and she quickly rubbed the sleep from her eyes as I told her all about the party. When I go to the part of Ginny fucking the guy her eyes widened dramatically.

“No way!” she exclaimed, looking at me like I was just making it all up, “Ginny would never do such a thing.”

“Well believe it. I never knew our cousin could be such a slut!”

“Really? ... she really fucked him?”

I wanted to laugh at her disbelief. In all fairness, I had to admit that if I hadn’t witnessed it myself I never would’ve believed it either.

Kristen pressed me for more details and as she listened I could see she was getting horny from the way her hand was pressing against her pussy through her jeans. I was getting horny again myself and before long were both laying on our respective beds, heads propped up and legs spread open as we masturbated to the thought of being fucked by a big-cock stripper.

Kristen and I had been masturbating together since we were twelve and fourteen respectively and it was just natural for us to do it when got horny. We never touched each other but we had shared more than a few of our boyfriends together. I had a feeling this wedding was going to be more than I had anticipated!

The End