George finished washing her hands and face, dried off with a very soft towel, and hung it back up again. She glanced around the huge bathroom--nearly the size of her first apartment--and took a deep breath before opening the door and going back out into the penthouse hotel suite.

Her assignment wasn't in either of the bedrooms she passed on her way down a short hall. Neither was he in the enormous livingroom or in the suite kitchen. She grabbed a couple of beers from the refridgerator and found him sitting out on the balcony, smoking a cigarette. Soon, she thought, he'll give that up. Buzz gone and all.

"So, Kim," she started, offering the boy one of the beers, and taking a seat across from him.

"Jun-Su," he corrected her, taking the bottle. George took a second to realize her post-it had it backwards. "My name is Jun-Su," he said again.

"Jun-su," she said slowly, mimicking him. He frowned at her.

"What's your name, then?"

"George," she replied. "George Lass."

"Lass is your surname."

"Right."

"Kim is mine." He took another drag on the cigarette, looked thoughtful, then exhaled. "Is George a common name for a girl?"

"It's short for Georgia," she answered. "Like the state." Then added, "In the U.S."

"Or the country," he said. "In eastern Europe."

"Or that." She waited for what came next. He surprised her.

"Is that near Virginia?"

"Uh, sort of." It was a strange question. She waited again, but it appeared he had nothing else to ask. Junsu simply opened the beer and sat back in his chair and looked at it. For a long time.

A car honked way down on the street, once, then twice. She opened her own beer and took a few sips. This assignment was getting wierder by the minute.

Kim J./October 30/TAIWAN, the post-it had read. It had been a RED post-it. She'd never even seen one of those before. Enclosed with the assignment had been a plane ticket, official looking documents about some kind of concert, and a keycard to a hotel room.

And then there was the blank post-it.

She'd caught the flight out of O'Hare, slept on the plane, and arrived in Taiwan several hours before the papers said the concert was supposed to begin. After finding her hotel, she decided to make her way to the venue early, see if she could find this strange reap, Kim. Or maybe a local reaper who could give her some idea as to what was going on.

George hadn't expected the concert location to be empty, but a few hours before an event, she hadn't been prepared for the literal throng of people waiting. It was an event prior to the event. Thousands of people filled the streets, the roadways, the sidewalks, some of them in what looked like costumes, many, many of them wearing the same shade of red as her mysterious post-it.

She headed for the gates to the venue, and encountered a guard keeping very careful watch over the incredible lines already forming.

"Excuse me," she asked him in fluent Mandarin (replacing Rube as the boss had come with perks), "Can you direct me to the line for these seats?"

The guard leaned forward and looked at the paper she held out, then glanced up at her in surprise.

"You're supposed to be inside already," he said, motioning quickly for her to follow him. He spoke something into the radio on his shoulder, announcing her arrival. George found herself led around the building and through a gate, then stopped in surprise at the entrance she was being led into. The guard opened a door for her and bowed, indicating she was to go ahead inside.

"Press," she muttered, "That's just. Great."

There was a table just inside with a woman standing next to it, a stack of folders in her arms. She greeted George warmly, even if she did eye the jeans and blouse George had decided on with some skepticism.

"I'm, uh," George held out her tickets, and dug into her pocket for ID. "Ms. Lass. Chicago Tribune."

It seemed to work. Soon she had a pile of publicity, programs, CD, concert ID badge, backstage pass, and her own usher to show her around and seat her. But instead of taking her straight to a seat, she was led through a maze of halls to a small conference room. "They've already started," her usher whispered, his hand on the doorknob. He cracked the door just slightly, waited for the murmur of a voice to finish, and laughter to follow before allowing her to enter the room.

There were more cameras there than she'd seen at Kyle's concert, or at any press conference she could bring to mind from television. She hadn't thought this was a VIP reap, but then, the universe had never sent her as far as China to take a soul. If that's even what she was supposed to be doing to this Kim person.

Four people sat at a short table in the front of the room, one in a traditional suit. The remaining three...George did a double take on her way to an open seat near the back. It wasn't goth or punk exactly, but between the makeup and the fashion gone awry, she easily concluded these were the members of the band.

"...and bring our style to the mix of east and west," one of the young men was saying in Korean. The room waited for the translator to repeat this in Mandarin before another question was asked again in Mandarin and translated into Korean for the artists.

A Korean boyband, George thought. Reggie would love this.

Having barely any idea of the etiquette involved in asking potential multi-nationals such public questions so as not to stick out more than she already did as an obvious westerner in jeans, George took the time to study the three men she'd likely be watching perform for the thousands waiting outside. There was a quiet dignity in everything they said, and it struck her as unusual for stars so young. Or so attired.

The boy in the middle was the most visually striking. He was almost too...perfect, she finally settled on, but even that wasn't it, exactly. The boy to his right was almost hidden behind a mile-long scarf, but his eyes--she recognized the intelligence flitting behind them, refusing to be pinned down unless he willed it. The remaining boy was a combination of movement and stillness, bright grins and unreadable expressions, startling laughter and unusal pauses. To her surprise, it was him that made eye contact with her.

"Thank you, ladies and gentlemen," the suit said at the end of the question and answer session. There were bows and words of gratitude exchanged in multiple languages, and the suit spoke for the three, "JYJ hope you enjoy the showcase!"

George felt it the creep go up her spine before she saw it. A graveling, having entered the room by air duct grate, was scooting along the ceiling toward the door a staff member was propping open for the celebrities to exit through. Fuck.

She stood and was mentally calculating how to fastest get to that door, when the boy with the scarf unwound a portion as he approached the doorway. To anyone else watching, it looked as if he was simply straightening the accessory. But she saw it--saw him raise a hand and flick two fingers to brush the startled graveling, not even pausing as he retucked the scarf and continued through the door.

She let out the breath she was holding as the graveling crumbled to nothing above the head of the second boy passing through the door. As if he felt the dust, the perfect-looking boy ran fingers through his hair and brushed at his shoulder and arm, disappearing after the first.

But it was the third boy, the one who'd met her eyes during the press conference that stopped before exiting. As if she'd shouted at him, he turned and met her eyes again, his gaze entirely unreadable. He motioned for the man in the suit, and they tilted their heads together whispering, the boy nodding toward her. Her heart skipped a beat as the suit turned to look at her, then made a sharp bow to the boy, who caught the edge of the doorframe as he went through, then pulled his hand away and followed wherever the others had gone.

What the fucking hell?

George had little time to think about any of it further, as the suit was now coming her way. "Ms.--Lass," he said in accented English, "Do you speak Korean?"

"Yes," she told him, wondering for a moment if he would have been able to handle the translation of anything she had to say to the three.

"Very good," he said, relaxing a little. "Mr. Kim Junsu has requested a quick word with your newspaper..." he glanced at her ID badge, "...the Chicago Tribune."

"No, kidding," she told him, unsurprised at least at this. It was then she noticed the stares of those around them. Best to get out of there one way or the other. "Now or after...?"

"Now, if you are amenable."

"Lead away," she quipped, and the man hesitated for a moment before stepping ahead of her and motioning her to follow him through the door. She couldn't help glancing above the doorframe as she went through it, followed by--of all things--a few stray camera flashes.

She was led to a dressingroom. The man in the suit knocked on the door, and waited for the muffled invitation before opening the door. "The reporter you asked to see," he said with a bow. He motioned her in.

George stepped into the dressingroom to find it empty but for the three young men. The boy with the scarf was closest to her, just out of reach on a couch to her left, sans scarf. The perfect one was sitting at a nearby mirror, checking hair and makeup. The boy that had asked to see her was the farthest from her, leaning against a table across the room, arms folded.

"Thank you," the boy across the room said. And the door closed behind her.