Next Best Thing
by Amyboo©


I worked my way through college at an upscale department store. Flirting with 
rich men to sell obscenely priced clothes wasn't difficult. With my base pay 
plus my record setting commission, I was living large compared to the other 
co-eds in my apartment complex.

My best friend Patrick worked in the security department. He spent half of his 
time patrolling the store and the other half watching the many security cameras. 
Generally there were two guards on duty and they alternated between tasks. The 
mall was in an extremely affluent neighborhood with very little crime, so their 
job wasn't exactly difficult. I knew most of Patrick's time in the camera room 
was spent stroking his cock while watching porn on his laptop. 

For years it was obvious that Patrick had feelings for me. Even though everyone 
teased us about it, he and I never discussed it. I could see the way he looked 
at me with a mixture of adoration and lust in his eyes. He never missed a chance 
to sneak a peak down my shirt or have his eyes glued to my ass as I walked away. 
It crossed my mind that porn might not be the only thing he was watching while 
he beat his meat in the camera room. I could practically feel his eyes all over 
my body as I hustled around assisting customers all day. I'm sure he wore out 
the zoom button on the security cameras in record time. 

One day Patrick introduced me to the new security guard Sean. A little thrill 
went down my spine (and between my legs) when I saw the gorgeous new guy. I 
recognized him from school and I knew he was a football player. 

Sean was tall, dark, sexy...and as dumb as a box of rocks.. Something about his 
hot body in combination with his empty head was irresistible. With him I 
wouldn't have to keep up my end of an intellectual conversation or think of 
witty things to say. All he would want from me is fucking and sucking which was 
very refreshing. 

Later, during our lunch hour in the mall's food court, Patrick seemed a little 
flustered. His face red with anger, he told me to stay far away from Sean. 
Apparently after our early morning introduction, Sean told Patrick he planned to 
"fuck the shit out of that hot little piece of ass from the men's department". 

Naively, Patrick advised Sean that it was a waste of time to even try fucking 
me. You see, Patrick assumed I was still a virgin. I just couldn't break his 
heart by telling him the truth. Sure, I had entered college a virgin, but my 
chastity didn't last long. I grew tired of being the good girl and since then 
I'd fucked plenty of boys and girls during my 3 year stay on campus. 

Of course, I pretended to be totally appalled by Sean's chauvinistic statement. 
In reality, it made me horny as hell. My pussy was so wet that I was worried I 
might have soaked through my tiny g-string. The skirt I was wearing was 
extremely tight and I prayed I didn't have a giant wet spot. 

How could I be angry with Sean for wanting to bang me? Fucking him consumed my 
thoughts all day; my pussy was actually starting to throb. I knew I would need 
plenty of private time that night, so I hoped my nerdy roommate wouldn't be 
home. Sometimes I suspected she could hear the buzzing of my vibrator through 
our thin walls.

The next day, I took extra care to look hot. Wearing mini-skirts was nothing new 
to me. I wore one every day because I found that it increased my sales 
enormously. That particular day I chose a very feminine little pink skirt that 
looked great with my tan. The white oxford shirt I wore was very tight and I 
knew it showed off my perky tits. Since I am a very petite girl, I decided to 
wear some sexy heels to make my shapely little legs look longer. With my 
shoulder length blond hair shining and my makeup a picture of perfection, I knew 
I looked good. 

All morning, every man that walked by did a double take. Some even stopped by to 
try a dumb pick up line on me. They were wasting their time because I was too 
preoccupied to care. Patrick had called in sick earlier that morning, so I 
wasn't sure Sean would be able to leave the camera room all day. That means I 
wouldn't even have a chance to flirt with him. 

It was my turn to do the monthly inventory report which was something I really 
hated. It meant I would be spending a couple of hours stuck in the deepest 
darkest part of the store's basement with only myself for company. Little did I 
know that my day was about to get a whole lot more exciting.

As soon as I shut the door behind me, the stock room phone rang. "Hi...Lauren? 
This is Sean in security. Just wondering if you'd noticed any suspicious 
activity in the store today?" 

Since this was a ridiculous question, I knew it was just his way of breaking the 
ice. 

Dimwitted Sean didn't beat around the bush for long. "I think you are so fucking 
hot, I'm watching you right now. Would you please let me see your tits? I'm all 
alone in here and I'll be sure to erase the tape. We have a football game later 
and I always play really bad if I don't get off first. Where's your team 
spirit?" His logic was tragically flawed, but this was exactly the situation I'd 
been waiting for. 

I switched to speakerphone so I could have both hands free. I unbuttoned by 
shirt revealing my lacy pink bra underneath. Before unhooking my bra, I rubbed 
my nipples through the material, amazed at how hard they already were. When I 
finally exposed my tits, I distinctively heard a grunt of appreciation along 
with the sound of Sean's zipper coming down. He ordered me to get up on the 
counter and show him my pussy. Once again, I did as he asked. I hopped up on the 
counter and spread my legs wide. I rubbed my clit through my thong for a little 
while. Then I pushed the pink lace material aside, revealing my pampered little 
pussy. I take pride in my pretty twat and I keep it completely shaved at all 
times. 

I had never allowed anyone to watch me masturbate before. It made me so hot to 
picture Sean stroking his cock while I played with my swollen pussy lips. After 
I gave my clit a thorough rubbing, I rammed my middle finger all the way in my 
sopping pussy over and over again. My pussy is so small that I only use one 
finger, but that's all I need to get off.

I was close to cumming when Sean interrupted saying it was his lunch time. He 
said he knew just what he wanted to eat today and that I should stay right where 
I was. I guess I don't have to tell you I complied.

Sean must have sprinted down to the basement because his tongue was down my 
throat in no time. He immediately ripped my skirt and thong off, carelessly 
throwing them on the stock room floor. Staying on the counter, I spread my legs 
wide because I was dying to be fucked. 

Even better, he buried his head between my legs, rubbing his face all over my 
wet pussy. I hoped no one was outside the door because they would surely hear my 
loud moans and groans. Then he started sucking on my clit and soon his huge 
finger found it's way inside my little pussy. He finger fucked me ruthlessly 
while he licked and sucked on my nipples. He was fucking me so hard I felt my 
pussy walls stretch a little. After I was done cumming all over his hand, he 
withdrew his sausage-like finger from my pussy and plucked me off the counter. 

Immediately getting on my knees, I rubbed Sean's hard-on through his pants. 
Within seconds his hard cock was starine me in the face. I marveled at his dick 
which was so massive I was a little worried that it might hurt my pussy. 

Not to brag, but I am a natural at giving head. Since my very first blowjob, I 
have absolutely loved sucking cock. I was determined to prove to Sean that I was 
the best. 

First I gently licked all around his dick while rubbing his balls. After I had 
his shaft nice and wet, I took his whole cock in my mouth. He moaned in pleasure 
and surprise. I knew I was the first girl who could take his huge dick without 
choking. He put his hand on the back of my head, holding it in place. He started 
fucking my face, nice and easy at first. When he realized I wasn't your average 
cocksucker, he rammed his dick down my throat harder. I loved the feeling of his 
cock sliding in and out of my mouth. He pulled out abruptly, I'm pretty sure he 
was about to cum. 

He roughly turned me around and bent me over. He rubbed the head of his cock all 
over my pussy and asshole to tease me. Finally he rammed his cock inside my 
pussy and I felt a numbing shock of pleasure. With no mercy, he roughly grabbed 
my hips and fucked me hard, impaling me on his huge dick. My feet were off the 
floor as he bounced me up and down on his cock.

"You have such a tight little pussy. I feel like I'm fucking a virgin. You're 
gonna make me cum too soon.." 

He slipped his dick out of my pussy and sat on the desk chair. I straddled the 
star quarterback, centering pussy over his big dick. I rocked on his cock slowly 
while rubbing my tits in his face. We kissed while I was grinding my pussy on 
his dick very slowly, loving the look of animal lust on his face. 

Next, I got up and turned around, sitting on his dick again. While I rode him, 
he fingered my ass gently. I was still an anal virgin, but I had never been 
fucked so good before. I knew what he wanted and would have done anything at 
that point. 

I stood up and bent over so could tongue my little pink asshole. When it was 
wet, he pushed the head of his dick into my ass slowly. It hurt a little at 
first but soon it started to feel good. Of course Sean was loving it. He said, 
"I thought your pussy was tight...you're ass is complete heaven!" After only a 
few strokes, I felt him shooting his load in my ass. 

We quickly dressed and after a quick pat on the ass, he told me to call him 
sometime. As soon as the door closed behind him, the phone rang again. 

Patrick said in an icy tone, "I felt much better, so I decided to come in and 
relieve Sean for a while. Looks like you've already done that in your own 
special way." 

Shocked, I asked Patrick if he was angry with me, since fucking at work was a 
very irresponsible thing to do. Not to mention the fact that I had just 
shattered his heart into pieces. To say his reply shocked me would be an 
understatement. 

Patrick laughingly said, "Angry?? Are you crazy? Thanks to you, I've got the 
only copy of a hardcore porno starring the hottest new starlet---YOU!" 




