Tube Dresses and Tube Tops! 
From: GINEBEE Jun-6 10:27 am 
To: ALL (1 of 8) 
21.1 
Tube Dresses and tube tops, I tend to have a bit of trouble keeping them in place some times, anyone have the same troubles? 
 
From: LAURAZINN Jun-8 8:43 pm 
To: GINEBEE (2 of 8) 
21.2 in reply to 21.1 
You'll see that what is presently the last message in the thread called "Wrap-around Skirt Accident" is about a mishap with a tube dress. So Trish certainly knows what you're talking about! 
And so do I. 
With me, though, the problem has been at the upper end. Whenever I wear a tube dress or tube top, I try to position it so it shows as much of my bosom as possible. That means that sometimes I've deliberately gone out with it on the verge of showing my nipples. And when I do that, the guys just can't keep their eyes off my chest. That really excites me. 
Tube tops and dresses, of course, have a way of slipping when you move around a lot in them. So I often have to readjust them to keep from exposing too much. But if I've started out with the neckline too low, or if I haven't been paying enough attention, then my readjustment can easily come too late. It gives me quite a rush when that happens! 
Laura 
 
From: GINEBEE Jun-10 6:05 am 
To: LAURAZINN (3 of 8) 
21.3 in reply to 21.2 
Yeah I guess I shoulda added one of my experiences with a tube dress, it is actually what happened the night after the bikini incident in the pool. 
We all were headed down to get a bite to eat, we both picked out of outfits, got showers and put on our make-up. We both decided to wear similar dresses, tube dresses and heels. Hers was a yellow flower print and mine was a white one that was a bit see through. My husband loves this dress, especially when we go to clubs with black lights because it makes it completely see through. 
The four of us went down to the lounge to eat the snack food the hotel had out and continue our partying. We are both a bit chesty and had to keep pulling the top of the dress up and the hem down to keep everything covered when we danced. We were both being fed shots of tequila and margaritas. As I was dancing with my husband he told me to stop adjusting my dress and let it ride, he said he enjoyed seeing me on display. Kathy and I wear dancing with each of our own husbands, each others husbands and lots of guys, guys from the pool who watched us get stripped and then us walk past them. They once again had their hands all over us, just like at the pool, just this time we had a bit of clothing on. A few of them knew us and knew that tequila was our poison and the more we drank the more fun we would be. It was getting late and our husbands were more than encouraging us to show off a bit, easing our tops down and hems up. My husband would even slip a finger into me and stroke me on the dance floor which made me hotter each time he did it. At one point I was dancing with him with his hands on my ass and then I realized he had my ass exposed to everyone in the lounge. Some of the other guys also took the hint and started trying to expose us as well. As the night went on, I was stopping them for the most part, but Kathy on the other hand was barely standing on her own and a few guys were taking turns sorta dirty dancing with her and holding her up at the same time. When a slow song came on I saw her with her husband, she had her head on his shoulder as he was rubbing her exposed breasts and he was pinching her nipples in view of everyone. When the song ended he helped her to a chair next to me and he went to the rest room and another guy asked her to dance and helped her to the dance floor for another slow song. It wasn’t 30 seconds into the song and he had both her tits out of her dress and he too was playing with her tits. When the song changed to a fast song and another guy joined him to play with Kathy. They were having there way with the top of her dress and she didn’t care, as they had both her tits out on the dance floor, while she was wiggling and giggling. When her husband came back he asked me to dance, when we got to the dance floor he was busy trying to do the same thing to me. When I looked over at her again, she had at least six or seven guys around her holding her up so they could play with her, they had her whole dress now around her waist. The guys were taking turns feeling her tits, her ass and her pussy. Although she hadn't passed out yet, she wasn't doing anything to stop them, so I know she was enjoying the attention she was getting. When the music stopped they kinda helped her to a sofa and set her down just as they had been dancing with her. I told her husband he needed to go cover his wife up and he told me I should be dressed like she was, and he slid my dress up around my waist, which I pulled back down and went to get another drink with my husband at the bar. 
Eventually, someone from the hotel finally came over to me and asked whom my friend was with and I pointed to her husband. He was told he needed to take her to her room, she couldn't be in the lounge passed out or naked, but he didn't want to leave the lounge so my husband and another friend got their key. My husband pulled her dress back up and covered her ass and pussy back up and put her over his shoulder. As soon has she was over his shoulder her tits popped back out again, he carried her to the elevator with her tits swinging behind him, but he did cover her ass. When they got to the elevator and he stood her up against the wall and covered her tits back up. 
I was dancing with two guys, trying to defend myself from the grouping hands when my hubby got back. He stood there and watched me for a minute, then he cut in and he told me he was so horny and wanted to do me right here. My husband and Kathy's kept exposing me the rest of the night, but I was horny and drunk and didn’t care. I ended up dancing with a bunch of other guys too, who copied what they were doing and by the time the lounge closed I was on the dance floor with my dress around my waist shaking my tits and bending over to show them all my ass and lips. When we left the lounge they tried to get me to pull my dress back up and down, but I was having too much fun being naked. When we walked out into the hall, my husband tried again to get me to cover up, he pulled my dress up over my tits and down over my ass in an attempt to cover me. I wanted no part of it, I told them I had to go pee first and headed to the rest room. As soon as I got inside the door, I pushed my dress down my hips and onto the floor. Turned right around and back out the door into the hall. I headed straight for the elevators in the lobby. My husband and Kathy’s husband came after me. That said that I couldn’t be running around the hotel naked, I told them that they had no problem with it earlier at the pool. When we got to the elevators, it was there open on the lobby floor and we went right in and started up to our floor. When we got to our floor, one of the Bellboys was standing at the elevator doors as they opened, all he could do was stare at me and say was "DAMN", as I walked past him toward our room. I don’t even remember going inside the room. 
 
From: LAZYLINDA2 Jun-10 7:59 pm 
To: GINEBEE unread (4 of 8) 
21.4 in reply to 21.3 
Wow! You sure are brave, and wild, when you get loosened up. I give special credit, though, to your husband for seeing to it that the two of you got safely to your rooms. A half-naked or naked woman can be pretty vulnerable when passed out in a club or at a party where there are a bunch of horny guys around who have already been taking liberties with her. 
Me, I tend to stay sober and uptight when I wear a skimpy tube dress without underwear. I guess I get off on the tension of almost exposing too much. Maybe I like being scared--the "danger" part of "dressing dangerously." But it's really hard in a dress like that to keep from "showing." If I sit down, or go up or down a flight of stairs, it's almost impossible to keep guys from seeing up my dress. And the upper part of the tube always wants to slip too low. I'm constantly on my guard to make sure it stays on. Yet I keep wearing clothes like this, putting myself in compromising situations, and then blushing if I discover that somebody has seen more than I'd planned. 
Some girls think I'm a little odd this way. They tell me that if it embarrasses me so much to have a clothing accident, maybe I should wear underwear or less steamy outfits or a Muslim burqa or something. But I really like dressing on the edge, taking chances, and running risks--even if I sometimes suffer the consequences. 
Does this make sense to anyone? 
Yours, Linda 
 
From: CARRIE1P Jun-12 7:28 pm 
To: ALL (5 of 8) 
21.5 in reply to 21.1 
Once on vacation in the Caribbean I borrowed a friends dress because the airlines had lost my bags. It was a black tube dress that had optional straps that we couldn’t find. The problem was I was considerably taller than my friend. It seemed alright when I tried it on but as the night went on it started to feel looser and looser. The first time I popped out it caught me by surprise and it almost slipped past my hips before I caught it. After that I was a little more careful. I must have put on quite a show trying to stay in that dress. By the end of the evening I practically had to hold it up. 
It was exciting trying to keep it on while dancing but became quite a pain later when we had to walk home. It was late and nobody was out and I was a little drunk so when my girl friend suggested I just take it off if it was such a problem I took her up on it. I walked part of the way back in my heels and panties. I did put it back on when we got close to our hotel. What a night! 
 
From: LAURAZINN Jun-15 5:54 pm 
To: GINEBEE unread (6 of 8) 
21.6 in reply to 21.3 
Thank you for sharing that experience, Ginebee. You can sure get wild. But, hey, tube dresses are just be so damn much fun! I love it when guys try to see up or hope my neckline slips down. And they're rarely disappointed. 
Laura 
 
From: GINEBEE 1:52 pm 
To: LAURAZINN (7 of 8) 
21.7 in reply to 21.6 
Larua do you wear panties and bra regularly? I haven't worn panties in years, my husband concinced me to start wearing thongs panties after we had dated a few years after we got married and he trashed everything but the thongs, I got tiried of pulling them out my ass one day and quit wearing them too, now I don't even own a pair of panties and I only wear bras to work or family stuff when I need too and then it is not likely if I really don't have too... 
Anyone else care to comment?
 
From: LAURAZINN 2:12 pm 
To: GINEBEE unread (8 of 8) 
21.8 in reply to 21.7 
Ginebee, 
I guess I assumed it was obvious from my previous posts. No, I almost never wear panties or a bra. And this is particularly true when I'm wearing a sexy tube dress. No matter how low the neckline or how high the hem, it's just bare little me underneath. I really love the risks of dressing dangerously without any underwear at all. (And the guys love it when I take those risks!) 
Laura 
PS: Since Trish has now moved this "Dressing Dangerously" forum over to Yahoo! Groups, let's continue our conversation over there. 
 

This file is from the "Dressing Dangerously" Yahoo! Group at: http://http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Dressing-Dangerously/ 
E-mail the manager, Trish Landin, at: Trish_E_Landin@Yahoo.com . 
