Sarah and Carl moved in next door to us three years ago and from the very first it was obvious they were planning something. Now I'm not saying they were standing there with clipboards or whispering furtively every time we walked by but there was something.

Sarah was taller than me at five eight and with heels could look down on Alan, my husband who was himself five eight. I'm five and a tiny bit so a shrimp while Carl was black and a little over six foot.

We became friends and were soon doing quite a lot together then one evening probably six months after they'd appeared we were all sitting rather drunk and chatting about slight bawdy things when Sarah suddenly suggested we play strip poker. Now it's quite hard to give an adequate background to this but what I can say is that we were feeling no pain and after giggling I said ok.

So we did and the game was soon very chaotic as the rules kept changing so we stopped and agreed that if we were to play it needed to be fair. In the end we didn't play poker but whist and the one with the least tricks had to lose an item. Actually it was rather unfair because Sarah had on her underwear (bra & knickers) plus her dress while I also had on a pair of tights and my shoes. The boys both had shoes and socks plus jeans and a t-shirts.

Needless to say when Sarah lost the second and third games she was left in just her knickers while all I'd lost was a shoe, like Carl. We carried on and she lost again three or four hands later which meant she was naked. She said we should carry on and I think we all knew she was going to do some form of forfeit when she lost again only she didn't for a couple of hands which meant by this time I was down to my bra and panties and Alan had no shoes or socks. Carl had lost only one hand.

"Ok so what should I do?" She giggled when she lost.

"I think we should play on and see how many times you lose and that will be the number of times you let the winner take you out without knickers!" Said Carl.

"But what if you don't win?" She challenged.

"Ok the number of times this week you suck my, err... or Alan's cocks in front of the rest of us."

"Oh right! And I suppose if Linda wins I'm supposed to turn lezzie then!"

"Can do, but she won't!"

"We'll see about that!"

After this it seemed that Sarah tried to get me to win, not that I was sure I wanted to as I definitely didn't want her to try that with me. Anyway as it turned out she spent so much time undermining Carl that she lost five more hands but he lost three and suddenly he was down to his t-shirt and boxers and was level pegging with Alan while I was now naked.
"What do we do now?" I asked but Alan answered for all of us and began to make out with me. It was very sexy to do this with others watching however they were soon occupied with their own activities and eventually after a mutual petting session they went home and we had sex which was very hot and intense.

Of course the next week we played cards again only this time we played for more defined forfeits. We each wrote out some penalties for losing; three each and they would be drawn at the end.

We played like the previous week only this time we all had the same amount of items on. Sarah & Carl played much better which meant Alan and I were getting well beaten and I was down to my knickers and bra only Alan was very unlucky and lost while they were just a few items down.

It was Sarah who picked out the card and read it aloud:

"Loser has to sit naked for the rest of the evening. While we drink and chat fully clothed!" She smirked. Alan was a little uncomfortable especially as he had a hard on, on and off for the next hour and a half. 

Now the theme had been set we began to set up a more exact game. Alan whined about his forfeit but Sarah was unmoved however she suggested that we make six pots with the penalties in them ranging from mild to extreme and then when someone loses they shake a die to find which pot to use and the card is drawn by the winner.

So we each wrote a couple of cards for each pot me trying to decide what was mild and what was extreme. I decided the previous week was probably a two and worked back from there.

So we began our new game and after five hands Sarah had lost three then after ten she was down to her knickers with Alan down to three items, Carl and I had lost one each. I thought that poor Alan would lose again when he lost the next two but thankfully he managed not to and Sarah did.

The forfeit was a number three which Carl pulled. Because the game had changed we'd tried to make each one as universal as possible. Her card said she had to play with her partner in front of everyone for five minutes. With little more than a blink she dropped under the table and began.

I got to see Carl's cock for the first time, he was large and his black cock looked a couple of inches bigger than Alan's. Anyway despite the card saying five minutes she worked on his cock for nearly ten until he erupted, his cum flying miles in the air. I was a little red faced but we then settled down to drinks and a chat although it was clear we were all sexually charged and we beat a quick retreat home after a short while. Sex was again great although I tried not to make any mention of Carl's manhood.

Actually the game was a lot of fun and we all agreed to play it every week until we got bored. Sarah added that the loser should be allowed to replace the card they'd pulled and that we should all add another card to each pot each time we play, that way we'd forget what was in there and it would be more fun.

Now it was really exciting and actually a lot more varied than you might think: The next week after Carl lost the game he had to play with himself in front of us until he came again watching his cock as it fired his seed right across our front room was awesome and I got a knowing wink from Sarah.

The next week Sarah had to go to the pub with us all for a late drink without knickers and the week after Alan had to buy beer in local 7-11 wearing only a coat, which was very embarrassing for him.

Sarah lost again and threw a six only it was one my penalties (and I didn't want to go too outrageous) so it said she had to be driven naked to the park then sit for five minutes with the car light on alone playing with herself. She thought this great and we followed her then sat watching as she did it for well over five minutes. Two cars pulled into the car park but no one approached her although we were certain a couple were watching.

It was after seven weeks I finally lost and of course I couldn't throw a one! I got a four. My penalty was to dress in stockings heels (or just briefs if it had been Carl or Alan) under a mid-length coat (nothing else) then accompany the others to the pub for a late evening drink. At last orders I was to unbutton the coat and walk out of the pub without covering myself.

I shook my head saying this was more like an eight! In the end we had a bit of an argument so Sarah suggested we change the rule again, after tonight, and when we threw a six we could have a second throw to see what severity of level six forfeit we would have to do.

The others agreed but the upshot of it all was I still had to dress and go to a pub. Thankfully they chose one that was rambling so I was able to hide a little in the corner at one end only after a couple of drink they called time and the boys `helpfully' opened my buttons. I knew at once several people saw me and a couple of guys were having a good stare which meant when we left and I walked to the door (coat flapping) they could see everything. I was humiliated and so, so excited we barely got home before I jumped Alan and had super fast sex reaching a first climax in literal seconds.

Sarah took it upon herself to change the cards about and when we got set up the next Friday she'd made a little box for the `six cards' only she declared there were no four to sixes worthy of `that level of penalty'.

I guess with the exception of Sarah we didn't know what was worthy of a four to six but when we looked confused she told us to write some forfeits and she'd file them where she thought appropriate. I wrote one about oral sex which I thought was probably a double six but when she'd filed ours away there were still no four to sixes.

"We'll play using what we have she suggested." So we did only Carl lost and threw a one which was to remove his partner's knickers with his teeth. It was silly but fun to watch.

The next week we had a full range of cards that Sarah informed us were appropriate for the level of forfeit. That week I lost and threw a two and had to let Alan suck my nipples for five minutes.

Sarah was the first to get a six and then threw a four only when Carl drew the card he said "Wow!" and read it out.

"You will dress up (as a tart if a woman or in your pulling clothes if a man) and got to Shelley's (the local nightclub) where you will try to pick up/get picked up a stranger and kiss & pet with them. You will try until it closes.

I was struck dumb as this seemed more like ten sixes than just one and a four but Sarah gave a big smile and said "Ok, come on Linda, help me chose some tarty clothes!" I wasn't sure she'd do it but after half an hour she returned to the men in a very short skirt, tight top and mesh stockings, she did look rather slutty but then again it was a nightclub so she would not be alone.

I dressed normally, well in a short dress but less blatant and besides I was going to stick with Alan. Once we arrived we danced together as the boys watched then after maybe half an hour we were getting hit on which didn't thrill me. Sarah gave me a signal to leave her alone so I excused myself and went over to Alan then the three of us watched as Sarah danced with the guy.

She kissed him after a while then they slipped away and I looked at Carl who seemed very relaxed about it, I guess he knew his physical attributes were too significant for Sarah to even consider straying but who knows. Anyway she then returned and made a signal we should go.

In the taxi home Carl asked her if she'd got where she was meant to and her reply was to put his hand up her skirt where she revealed a bare pussy and explained the guy she had danced with now had then in his pocket after petting her to a climax.

It was a very hot evening and despite the fear that might have been my dare we still got together every week. It continued for probably six or seven weeks before Alan lost and threw our first six. He then threw a four as well and with a look of real concern he watched Sarah pull the card:

"Loser has to go to bed alone! Winners get each other!" She stated giving me a wink. I was of course embarrassed because it was something way beyond what I'd considered but we had all known what these could well mean and if I was honest the thought of Carl's cock was very appealing, if a little daunting.

 Poor Alan was forced to sit and watch as Sarah and Carl led me away to their house with a "Don't go blind!"

Now up to that night I'd never done anything remotely sexual with another woman nor indeed a man since I'd met Alan but they worked as a team sitting one each side.  Carl was still kissing me when Sarah dropped to her knees and after a small fight she opened my legs and began to give me oral sex, it brought me to a very, very swift climax. Sarah then helped undress me and stood back as I held Carl's black cock; It was simply magnificent being nearly eight inches long with a very fat bell-end, greater both girth and length than Alan.

Carl then went down on me and his tongue began to dance as I slid towards another climax then Sarah kissed me and I let her tongue swirl in my mouth.. Now as I've mentioned Carl was a foot taller than me and a lot larger, not that he was fat just solid and I was petite so when he finally put his cock in me even though I was extremely wet, it took him some time to even get inside. He went very slowly and was patient so that after fifteen minutes he was mostly there and I felt fuller than at any time in my entire life.

As he began to make love to me it was like every part of my sex was alive. The folds of my pussy clung to his manhood and I began to climax as he worked back and forth. It was like nothing I've ever experienced; I had an orgasm then another then a third and I found I was lost in a sea of enjoyment.

Carl was very experienced and knew exactly what he was doing to me. He had sex with me for an hour without climaxing then I went on top and he held my small frame as I rode him to an enormous climax that doubled in intensity when I felt him explode in me. I yelled as I hit this all time high then flopped on him. All the while Sarah lay kissing her man before kissing me as he came in me.
. 
Alan was cool the next day but after a sorry I made love to him as well only of course it wasn't quite as much fun. I decided not to mention the Sarah thing in case it made things worse but I guess he knew.

Despite this we played again the next week and so on until probably eight or nine weeks later I lost and threw six / five. I sat silently as Carl read out the forfeit.

"Tonight you will either suck cock or pussy until you please everyone. Next week the others will arrange for a sex partner to come over and have you, only you will be tied to the bed and they can do what they want. The others will wait next door until the person finishes."

"No!" I said although I thought secretly that it could be quite fun.

"Yes!" Shouted Sarah, Carl and Alan, in unison.

I argued with them for a while but lost so I ended up sucking Alan and then turned to Carl whose huge cock was tough to get in my mouth. Both men came after a few minutes. Sarah claimed it was her turn but I said no as the card said `or'.

The next week I was dressed in a body-stocking and let myself be tied (gently) to the bed then waited for the door to go. When it did I heard a row ensue with Geoff clearly not happy which worried me only after five minutes the bedroom door swung open and in walked a woman. She was probably in her forties and dressed in very male clothes only when she stripped she was covered in piercings; nipples, clit, labia and tongue and her sex was smooth with a small tattoo above it saying `bitch'.

She now wore just long boots and gloves but she them produced a bag and when I asked her what she had in there she shook her head and told me naughty little girls mustn't speak to their betters she said that since we were now alone and I was hers to play with we would be having a great evening. She then produced nipple clamps which she used on me followed by a small vibrator that she began to work all over my body.

She spent ages getting me so excited I was writhing around then she suddenly sat on my face and suggested I lick her but even in this state I couldn't. After refusing to open my mouth she told me I'd regret it and produced an o-ring which she tried to get in my mouth but I clamped my lips together; that was until she knelt either side of my head and grabbed my nipple, as soon as I said `ow!' she pushed it in and after a short struggle I had my mouth held very wide.

She then kissed me her tongue slipping into my open mouth before sitting on my face and ordering me to suck. I didn't so she the pulled the nipple clamps which hurt and after crying a couple of times my tongue went into her. I did this for five minutes then she told me I'd been good and removed the clamps and o-ring then she kissed me and this time I returned it. I was now feeling very turned on and knew she was going to be with me all night.

She then ate me until I came then asked me to do it to her and this time I did. She then produced a huge double dildo which she strapped on and began to fuck me with it. I climaxed several times then she finally untied me and we held each other. I was amazed just how much I'd enjoyed this even though I'd never considered myself to be bisexual. After she dressed I let her out then phoned Alan and told him to come home which he did and we made love.

Of course that was the benchmark and Sarah then said we should just use the `six cards' from now on which meant when Alan threw a four the next week we all knew it would be significant. That evening he was tied to a chair naked as he watched Carl take me in front of him and that's when he saw just how good he was and how excited I got as he fucked me with his monster weapon.

I began to realise that Sarah and Carl were working as a team each week to make sure either I or Alan lost as we did for five weeks straight. Alan didn't seem to notice but when my second week required me to let a stranger pet me he wasn't too happy especially as I ended up tossing the guy off to stop him fucking me.

His next time (another four) was to go to bed with Sarah which was actually not as fun as he would have hoped as he, like me, was tied to the bed and she was rough with him and he never got inside her pussy even if she did let him suck her sex and she played with him until he came.

Then finally I threw a six and with a grin Carl read out the card.

"A partner of the opposite sex will be arranged for you by your opposite number. You will be dressed by that person and then taken to meet your date. You will spend all night with them and return the next day unwashed."

I had the suspicion that she knew which cards to pull depending on whether it was Alan or I who lost since this was clearly aimed at me but I couldn't be sure so since we'd already gone just as far before said ok. The next evening Sarah dressed me in a white long-sleeved top of hers that because she was so much taller came down to my thighs. Added to this was a pair of bright red cotton hold ups with white heels. My sex was only a couple of inches above the hem and to make it far worse she actually put gloss red lipstick on my pussy lips.

She drove me to a house a few miles away then with a smirk told me that tonight I was going to get the fuck of my life! After Carl I thought that unlikely but when she took me to the door of the house it was opened by a man that actually made me step back. The guy was the most frightening man I'd even been that close to. He was shaven headed face that was slightly battered looking but most of all he must have been six foot eight tall yet he was barrel-chested.

"Max was a boxer." Sarah explained. "A few ears ago but he's been in prison for a while." She shoved me forward with sufficient force I stumbled a few paces and he gripped my arm.

"Enjoy yourselves!" She laughed as she left. I was even too scared to say a word especially as he pulled me inside. We ended up in his front room where I was on my knees with his cock placed in my hand. He was a monster; it was far bigger than I considered likely and to suck it was nearly impossible but I did my best only to find unlike many big men he got rock hard and after five minutes wanted sex.

Now I'm no physics major but I pointed out that at five one he was both a foot and a half bigger than me, twice as heavy and his cock would never fit inside me but he then told me in crude terms every bitch he'd fucked said that but always got it in them eventually. I didn't like the eventually but I was in no position to argue so we went to his bed.

Now this is the strange thing; he gave me some lubricant which I guess all his women needed after which he began to fuck me only despite the feeling I was being stretched wider than possible it slowly went in. I was shocked on so many levels. Firstly after hammering against my cervix when he was two-thirds in it forced its way inside my womb. Secondly as he began to pump in and out every nerve ending down there seemed to be in contact with this gigantic cock and thirdly this caused me to experience a mini-climax just about every single thrust. My vagina exploded as he went in and I let out a moan as he pulled back then it happened again and again.

I was in a state I never thought possible and then after ten minutes of this my whole womb contracted and I had the biggest orgasm of my life. I could only see his neck but I kissed it and kissed it until he lifted and then mashed his mouth against mine.

"Like it now slut?" he asked and I groaned a yes. The trouble was I was unable to come down, my body gripped his cock but this then sent me to my next orgasm and another soon after that. I was screaming before long and then when he sped up and shot in me, my womb contracted yet again to milk his manhood. Only his stillness called a halt to the whole thing.

The following morning he made love to me for over an hour and it was unbelievable: I felt every vein of his monster as it slid in and out of me, my pussy was so stretched the insides felt like they were being dragged out as he pulled back and then once he'd pushed beyond my cervix again the min-climaxes started. I lost myself totally then and my womb really did milk his cock as he fucked me until he ejaculated really hard and I hit a very big climax. I was a wreck and felt like I'd gone to sex heaven. 

I was still feeling the afterglow when I got home, the man's phone number burning a hole in my pocket. Alan was so kind when I arrived back running a bath for me to wash myself clean then admitting guiltily that Sarah had sucked him off the previous night as `compensation'. It was ridiculous really but at that moment I realised that despite the greatest sex anyone could experience just half an hour earlier I loved this man and only him. The phone number went in the bin and after a chat with Alan and Sarah we agreed to curb the game before it went too far. Sarah was a little surprised as she confessed she'd expected me to want more (and of course I did really) but I told her once was more than enough and so we agreed to tone the whole thing down.

We do still swap partners but it's now very low key and actually it's love that has won out as I now find Alan's slow sensitive approach to lovemaking wins hands down.
