What to do about Renette?

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 32 (mFF, bi, caution, mc, nc, oral, impreg?)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

JJ slammed his finger into Luna's phone screen to disconnect the call.

"Hey!" Luna complained and took back the device.

"Sorry! My girlfriend just told me...I can't believe it..." He ran out of the hospital's waiting room, followed closely by Renette. The French terrorist's brain was barely functioning after a full hour's exposure to JJ's pheromones, and so she wouldn't leave his side. When JJ was far enough away from the others, he sank down to the floor and cried. How had everything gone so wrong?

"Come with me."

JJ looked up. Joanne had followed him as well. The pretty brown-haired young woman held out her hand and sniffled. Renette likewise sniffled and whined, like a dog, or a child who wasn't getting what she wanted.

He took Joanne's hand.

---

17 years ago...

John had spent the next few days begging for change on the street and finding anywhere safe and dry that he could crash for the night. One day, a woman dropped some money into his cup and paused. Then she insisted that the boy come with her, and that she would take care of him. Desperate, he went with her.

As with the other women that his pheromones affected, she leapt upon him and demanded his sex once they were alone. Confused and lonely, he filled her fertile pussy with his cum, as with the others.

Over the next few weeks, he started figuring things out. Some women responded well to him and some didn't, and the ones that did, didn't for more than a few days. He realized that he had to be careful and move on before they soured to him, as with Kayla and Melissa. He also figured out that these women would do practically anything for him if they hung around him long enough. Soon, in addition to obtaining lodging from them for a few nights, he also managed to convince them to buy him new clothing, and generally treat him like a king.

Then, one day...

"Maureen." The leggy blonde senior student held out her hand and sniffled.

"John." He took her hand and shook it. He already knew her name, having asked around the school grounds. He didn't need to go to school anymore, but it was a good place to pick up hot, nubile young women, like this one in her tight t-shirt and short-shorts. "Maureen, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship..."

---

"JJ?" Maureen called down the hospital hallway.

"Are you Maureen?" a nurse behind a desk asked. At her nod she held out a note. "JJ left you this."

Mom,

I've really messed things up, and I don't think I can ever make it right. I'm leaving with Joanne. Please head home...I'd only put you in danger again if I came with you. If John ever contacts you again, tell him to go fuck himself.

Love, JJ.

"JJ!"

---

"So you give off pheromones that make fertile women dumb and horny, and that's why Renette's acting like this, just like Margeau did?" Joanne asked him.

Renette, the fit French woman who had recently been their captor, continued to fawn over JJ, her pupils dark as pools due to the effect of the aforementioned pheromones.

JJ felt no need to lie to Joanne. "Yep. No idea what to do about her now."

"I do," Joanne replied.

They found Renette's home address in her wallet, as well as her door key in her pocket. After heading to that address, they went straight to her bedroom. JJ's cock had been waiting for this for over an hour, and stood at attention as they all disrobed.

Renette looked at JJ's hard cock and still seemed unconvinced that it was what she wanted, but the nipples on her small breasts were as hard as diamonds, and her trimmed pussy was clearly wet and ready to go.

"Hmm..." Joanne rummaged through a side table. "Do you use...? Yes you do!" She pulled out a dildo. "Okay, Renette, come over here..." Joanne lay back on the bed, her back to the wall, and spread her shapely legs, showing off her likewise very wet pussy.

Renette climbed onto the bed and moved her face between Joanne's legs.

"Ooh, very nice, Renette. I've never had a woman do this before...oh wow...ahh..." She blinked, sniffled a little, and then tossed JJ the dildo. "Now, JJ will use this dildo on you from behind, okay?"

"Mmm..." Renette moaned into Joanne's pussy as she continued to give her oral pleasure.

JJ looked at the dildo. "So I'm supposed to..." He turned it in his hands.

"Psst!"

JJ looked up at Joanne. She pointed at his dick and then Renette, who was facing away from him. Oh! He dropped the dildo to the floor and moved forward, aiming his hard cock between the lesbian's dripping vaginal lips. She was so lubricated from extended exposure to his pheromones that he easily slipped inside her.

"Mmh!" Renette moaned into Joanne's pussy as JJ speared into her. He pulled back and then thrust in all the way, making her grunt.

"This is sooo fucking hot..." Joanne moaned as she massaged her own C-cup breasts.

JJ had to agree as he sawed into Renette's athletic body and watched Joanne's sexy face as she approached her own orgasm a few minutes later. She nibbled her lower lip as her breathing increased. JJ could feel the telltale tingle in his own loins...

Then Joanne grabbed Renette's head and held the lesbian's mouth to her pussy as she cried out in pleasure.

JJ could hold back no longer, and thrust hard into Renette. "Unnh! Ohh!" he cried out as his load rushed up his cock and swamped her fertile insides.

"MMMH!" Renette screamed into Joanne's pussy as her own orgasm exploded at the touch of JJ's sperm-filled semen within her unprotected pussy. Her body shook in pleasure as each spurt of his cum went where no man's had gone before. Finally, he pulled out, exhausted.

"Got any left for me, stud?" Joanne asked JJ as Renette flopped to the side, still shaking.

"I...might need a moment...and a condom for you," he replied. He couldn't keep impregnating women! he reaffirmed to himself.

"She's a lesbian! Why would she have condoms?" Joanne asked as JJ headed to the bathroom to pee.

When he got back into the bedroom, he goggled at the sight before him. Joanne had spread Renette's legs and they were scissoring their pussies together. As blobs of JJ's sperm slipped out of Renette's pussy and into Joanne's, she moaned in orgasm. After a few more minutes, she fell back, spent, both women's pussies spermy messes now.

JJ sat down. "Well, so much for playing it safe." He looked at the French Canadian terrorist laying there. "What are we going to do with her, Joanne? She knows my secret, and once my stuff wears off, she's gonna be pissed."

Joanne's breathing was calming down, and she looked thoughtful. "Well, first we'd best get her into the tub."

They directed the mentally dulled woman to lay in the bathtub and turned on the water. "Now what?" he asked.

"Now you get ready to leave." Joanne pushed him out of the room and closed the door.

JJ got dressed, headed downstairs, and found some juice in the fridge, which hit the spot.

The lights flickered for several seconds and then came back. A few minutes later, Joanne came down the stairs, likewise dressed. "Okay, time to go."

"But what about Renette?"

She took his hand. "She had an accident with the hair dryer in the bathtub."

"She...what...?"

"Come on!" Joanne pulled him out of the dead woman's house.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)