In the real world, the world detached from this night world where people work nine to five and never find refrigerators full of blood at work, it's been morning for several hours. Golden sunlight runs in through the window, casting everything in precious metals.
Buffy sleeps, her long even breaths the cadence of the tides rolling. Her golden hair splashes over the pillow; a tiny fist is curled up beside her baby fat cheek.

Angel watches her sleep. It's strange, to find such joy and still have it tempered by pain. This should be a resurrection, an awakening. Easter Sunday, but in the back of his mind he is wondering what he would have done if he met this woman while his wife was still alive, and he is glad he doesn't have to make that choice, that he doesn't have to be that man, but being glad for this means being glad that Darla's dead, if even for a second, and that is terrible.

Still. There is joy awakening for the first time in a long time. Resurrection, a new lease on life.

Time doesn't heal all wounds, but it teaches you how to live with your infirmities.

Buffy smells like fresh daisies and mimosas. Angel lays his hand on Buffy's hip, lays his head on her pillow. He closes his eyes, drifts to sleep, and dreams of spring.

***
This is never a place he wants to be. But some things require sacrifice, and sacrifice is a talent he has mastered.
Angel knocks softly on Commander Giles' door. The older man looks up at him over his glasses. For a brief moment, his face is impassive; then he motions Angel in.

"I trust this is not an involved visit, Sergeant, as I have yet to receive any paperwork on a case you might like to discuss."

Suddenly, Angel is fourteen again, hands and knees bloodied from falling off the trellis, trying to climb up to Darla's window. The next thing he knew, Darla's father literally had him by the scruff of his neck, and was dragging him into the house, a litany of near-curses dripping from his lips about children these days and a lack of decorum.

"It's more of a personnel issue, sir."

Giles frowns. "You're a smart young man, Sergeant, and a capable detective. But this is not a dating service, and I cannot constantly restaff my department because you and your new partner aren't getting along."

Inside, Darla's father carefully examined him for broken bones, then cleaned and bandaged his scrapes. Then the old man took off his belt and gave Angel a whipping he can still feel, deep in his thighs, when the weather gets cold.

"Actually, sir, we are getting along. So well, in fact, that I felt it my duty to inform you."

Angel was no stranger to discipline; his father beat him all the time, often with pleasure and without reason. The checking to see if he was okay thing was new, though. The only person who'd ever done that before was his sister, Cordelia, and their love was so great that his well-being was her well-being, so it was in part egotistical.

But no adult had ever shown that kind of regard for him, before.

Giles regards him silently for a long moment. Slowly, purposefully, he removes his glasses. He takes a handkerchief from his pocket and begins to polish the lenses.

"It's not like you to come looking for my blessing, Angel," he says softly.

Standing at the head of the church, watching Darla's father lead her down the aisle. Maybe the most frightened he'd ever been, like there was a legitimate possibility that Giles would take his only child's hand and run for the hills, never to return.

But Giles had set Darla's hand in Angel's, and he had given his blessing, and he had called him son.

"Just SOP, sir."

Giles replaces his glasses, and looks at Angel for a long time.

"I hope it's more than workplace flirting," Giles said. "For your sake; she'll be your partner long after the thrill of those little skirts wears off."

Angel doesn't owe him much, or maybe he owes him everything.

"It is," he says. "Much more."

***
Agendaless patrol can be so boring. Angel sits way back in the passenger's seat, dark sunglasses obscuring his eyes.
Buffy frowns at him. "Are you sleeping?"

"Not if you keep talking at me," Angel murmurs. Buffy is pretty sure his eyes are closed behind his glasses.

"Maybe you should look into some caffeine," she says.

"Maybe you shouldn't keep me up all hours of the night."

Buffy grins. She rests her hand on Angel's knee.

"This is the first time I've ever heard you complain about me keeping you . . . up," she says, her hand sliding northerly.

Angel moans.

"Oh, please let there be a murder soon."

Buffy's brow raises. "You want me to stop?"

"I don't want to get fired. I have a mortgage."

Buffy rubs the heel of her palm over Angel's fly. "You could just ask me to stop, you know."

Angel's neck arches, his head bearing into the headrest.

"No, I can't," he says. "I'm powerless against you. I'll have to depend on outside interference."

On cue, the radio crackles to life. "Car seven-Juliet, what's your twenty?"

Buffy picks up the transmitter. "We're at the intersection of Boredom and Sexual Frustration."

"Ten-nine, seven-Juliet?"

Buffy rolls her eyes. "Never mind. What's up?"

"Ten-nineteen, seven-Juliet. Fred's looking for you."

"Copy, dispatch. We are ten-nineteen." Buffy replaces the transmitter and shoots a long look at Angel. He straightens in his seat, and removes his sunglasses, looking sheepish.

"Buckle up, partner," she says. "We're back to our regularly scheduled programming."

***
Fred is waiting for them again, anxiously munching on popcorn. She hands Angel a thick packet of stapled papers.
"Your DNA results are in from the blood in Kendall's apartment," she says. "This is bad, Angel. They're all OD's that've come through here. I don't know how I missed it."

Angel looks up from the papers. "Were they missing all their blood when they were in there? Cuz I think I would remember a case like that."

"No!" Fred says. "I've looked through my notes, and they were all just routine OD's. I did a cursory exam on each of them, and every time I just declared it an accidental death and released the body to the family."

"Did you run toxicology on any of them?" Buffy asks.

"No," Fred says. "We only do that if we suspect foul play, or to determine cause of death."

"So . . . what?" Angel asks. "Their blood had to be removed at the funeral home?"

"Or here," Fred says. "Sometime after I was done examining the bodies."

"So somebody snuck into the morgue," Buffy says, "stole a bunch of blood, and made it out without raising any suspicions? In the middle of the police station? Does that seem farfetched to anyone else?"

"Far more likely," Angel says, "that it was someone we work with. Working both sides."

Buffy frowns. "Now there are dirty cops? Great."

***
Buffy and Angel are spending some more quality time with their OD files when they receive a visitor. Angel doesn't even look up to say, "I am too busy right now to play dress up with you, Kate."
Kate puts her hands on her hips. "As much as I enjoy watching you pick up men, Angel, I'm actually here to do a favor for you."

Angel spins his chair to face Kate. "Oh yeah?"

Kate sits at the edge of Angel's desk, glancing over the piles of paperwork. "So, I heard you guys found some weird blood."

"Heroin-y," Buffy says.

"Well," Kate says, "anytime we seize drugs, we do a basic chemical workup on a sample, and make a record of it. That's how we tracked that fentanyl-laced heroin that was killing junkies a few months ago."

"So good to know that Vice does more than embarrass Angel," Buffy says.

"Well, that really is the highlight," Kate says dryly.

Angel's eyes roll heavenward. "We were solving crime for a moment, weren't we?"

"When Gunn told me about your weird blood, I went back over our records. We've had several samples of H within the past couple months, including one from a shipment we intercepted from a Vampire dealer, come up as containing red blood cells."

"Street heroin?" Angel asks. "In powder form?"

"Yes and yes," Kate says.

"Thanks, Kate. That was very helpful."

"Now you owe me," she says on her way out the door. "I expect to be paid in the form of you wearing hot pants and going by the name Lance."

Buffy regards her partner. "So . . . the Vampires shoot up their victims with ridiculous amounts of heroin, funnel their heroin-blood through the morgue, have their mole guy collect it before it leaves the station . . . and then turn it back into regular heroin? Why?"

"They probably do most of their sales and transport with it in blood form."

"Again: why?"

"Anything to avoid getting busted for trafficking, I guess. Blood doesn't look like heroin; it doesn't smell like heroin; and if the drug dogs alert on it, the K9 unit will just think it's a false positive."

"I guess," Buffy says. She wrinkles her nose. "I mean, I get it, I guess, but I don't get bad guys. It's so much work; why don't they just get real jobs? Also: it just sounds icky."

Angel smiles. "That's why you're on this side of the thin blue line."

"Angel, look at this." She points to a thin line of text at the bottom of one of the autopsy reports. "The same CSI tech signed off on all of these cases."

Angel comes to read over her shoulder. "Knox. And here I was hoping the bad guy was Lilah Morgan. Is he the only common thread?"

"Except for Fred."

"But she's the county's only ME. There's dozens of CSI techs; what're the odds that Knox is assigned to every one of these cases?"

"And you trust her. Fred."

"I do."

She studies his face. "And Knox?"

"Not as far as I can throw him."

***
Knox is sweating, sticky. It's kind of gross, but he's always had difficulty controlling his body in times of high emotions. Plus it's hot in this factory; Knox doesn't understand why criminals can't spring for air conditioning for their abandoned factory hideouts.
"Boss, we've got a problem."

Pratt studies his fingernails. Time for another coat of nail polish. Damn black shows chips so easily. "Is it that you've called me here in the middle of my workday? Because that's my problem, right now."

"No, no, that's—well, it couldn't be avoided. I tried to fudge the DNA reports on those donors, but the ME, that damn Detective Chase, they've been too close—"

Pratt raises an eyebrow. "Oh, yes, our dear Detective Chase, protector of the innocent, rescuer of kittens . . ." He sighs and stabs a cigarette between his lips, flicks his lighter. "How much does he know?"

"Too much. He and his new partner-slash-girlfriend have been all over—"

"Old Angelus is back in the saddle, eh? What's she look like? Small, blonde, bitchy? What about her tits? Nice pair on her? Say what you will about his taste; Angel could always be depended on to find a nice pair of breasts."

Knox goggles. "What—Detective Summers? Her breasts? Who cares?! They're days from finding us out—! Are—are you going to do something, or—I can't go to jail, I'm a cop—"

Pratt narrows an ugly look at the little scientist. "You're not a cop; you're a sneaky little lab rat. And yes, princess, I'm going to do something about this little problem of ours."

Viper fast, Pratt pulls a switchblade from his pocket, shoots out the blade, and drives it into Knox's stomach. The CSI tech blubbers, coughing wetly and then falling to the ground.

Pratt cleans the knife on his jeans, and then shoves it back into his pocket. He takes a long drag on his cigarette.

"Problem solved."