The Curse of Arnford Manor

By Mythical Traveller
[mythmanxvi (at) hotmail.com]

CHAPTER III: Mrs. Harrigan


Applebury Orphanage, Applebury, NC
July 14th, 1931, 9:18am.
Nina and Demi marched confidently across the cobbled courtyard at the center of the 
orphanage complex. They had shunned their casting robes in favor of the simple 
frocks that 1930s women typically wore. After all, it rarely paid to be brazen about 
their witchcraft faith in public. Even all these centuries after the Salem trials, witches 
were still frequently persecuted.

They made their way up the short staircase in front of the main building and stepped 
into the lobby. The cold acoustics of the room nearly gave them goosebumps. They 
waited patiently for about a minute, until an old man marched into the room from an 
adjoining corridor. He was a portly gentleman, who wore rectangular glasses and a 
smart tweed suit.

Ill be with you in a minute, ladies, he assured them in an almost dismissive tone. 
Demi and Nina both smiled and nodded at the man as he stepped into the office 
cubicle in the far corner, to tend to some business. Youll have to forgive me, he 
remarked as he pencilled some unknown note into a ledger. Mornings round here 
are always hectic. Once he was finished, he walked over to the two witches with a 
polite smile.

Now then, how do you do? he greeted, his tone of voice already sounded far more 
refreshed.

Very well, thank you, Nina responded. Demi nodded in agreement.

Im Mr. Nolan, the administrator here at the orphanage. Is there something I can help 
you with? he asked.

We hope so, Demi responded, We have some questions about the death of the staff 
member that occurred here recently.

Im sorry, but may I ask who you are, exactly? Mr. Nolan asked, studying the 
women with suspicious eyes.

Were... investigators, Nina replied.

Really? You arent dressed like police detectives Nolan rebuked. Ordinarily, the 
idea of a woman being a criminal investigator wouldve been laughable to most men. 
But Nerine had cast a perception spell over Demi and Nina before they left the lodge 
that morning. Thanks to her magic, the vision of anyone the two witches interacted 
with would be washed clean of prejudice.

We arent with the police, Nina admitted, Were with a private group. Mr. 
Nolans curiosity didnt seem satisfied. Im sure youre aware that an awful lot of 
tragedy has befallen this town over the past few days, Mr. Nolan. Many people are 
eager to see whoevers behind all this bloodshed discovered and dealt with.

I see... Well, I suppose the more people working on this case, the better, Mr. Nolan 
said. Youd best follow me. He led Nina and Demi up to the top floor. By the time 
hed reached the top of the second staircase, the old man was exhausted. He paused a 
moment to catch his breath, then led the witches around to a narrow hallway. 
Instantly, they noticed the strong aura of death in this place.

About fifteen feet along there was a doorway on the left-hand-side that was missing 
its door. Demi and Nina soon noticed that a large chunk of the door frame and 
surrounding wall had been ripped out on both sides. In front of the doorway, a large 
patch of the wooden floor had been stained dark brown. Beginning at the stain was a 
series of inhuman foot and handprints along the floor and wall, which led to a broken, 
boarded-up window at the far end of the hall.

This... is where we found Miss Perry, God rest her soul, Mr. Nolan lamented. She 
was just laying there, in front of the doorway... with her eyes wide open... he trailed 
off.

Demi stepped over to the massive bloodstain for a closer look. She knelt down to 
touch the stained floorboards. A vivid memory of the terror Miss Perry felt in her final 
seconds flashed before her and sent a chill down her spine.

The papers dont offer too many details, Nina said, Can you tell us precisely how 
Miss Perry was killed? Mr. Nolan sighed in displeasure. It might help Nina 
assured him. He nodded silently in agreement, then removed his spectacles and began 
to clean them with his handkerchief, as he summoned the courage to discuss Miss 
Perrys awful demise.

Whatever it was... it punched a hole through the poor womans ribs and... ripped her 
heart out, He stammered. Miss Perry was just doing her rounds, as usual, when... 
that thing smashed through the frame and murdered her.

Wait... youre saying it broke out from inside the room? Demi asked.

Thats what we believe, Mr. Nolan replied. Tore most of the door frame to 
kindling. The ruckus drew us up here and thats when we found her. But whatever it 
was was long gone by then. 

We were so shaken by the sight of Miss Perry, we didnt find out about young 
Daniel until the police began their investigation.

Daniel? Nina said in an inquiring tone.

Cooks apprentice, Nolan explained, He was one of our wards who never got 
adopted. They found him inside, lying on the bed. The state they found that poor boy 
in...

Nina and Demi didnt prompt him, they knew he would disclose the details when he 
was ready.

All that was left for us to find... was his skeleton... with just a hairs breadth of flesh 
still clingin to his bones, Mr. Nolan said with a shudder. Nina and Demi looked at 
each other in surprise. Of all the victims the manifestation had claimed in the past 
twelve days, they had never heard of one being so heavily mutilated.

Cautiously, Demi proceeded into the bedroom, followed by Nina and Mr. Nolan. The 
bed no longer had a mattress; presumably it had been befouled by the young mans 
remains and subsequently disposed of. Otherwise, nothing about the room seemed out 
of place, at least to the naked eye. But to Nina and Demi, it was clear that there was a 
dark aura within this room: a curse left behind when the magical corruption coalesced 
into a physical form.

This is where it began, Demi muttered. Nina nodded.

Pardon me? said Mr. Nolan.

This was Daniels room? Nina asked, changing the subject.

Heavens, no, Mr. Nolan quickly responded, Young Daniel lives... lived in the staff 
block, all the way over on the other side of the property. What he was doing here in 
the middle of the night, only God knows.

But, if all that was left was a skeleton, how do you know the body was Daniel? 
Nina countered.

Well, the doc says they were the bones of a man and Daniels the only man in the 
orphanage unaccounted for, Mr. Nolan reasoned. Besides, they found his clothes by 
the door.

Nina contemplated the situation for a moment before asking, So... If this wasnt 
Daniels room, whose room was it?

Well, this here room belongs to Katherine, the other victim, Mr. Nolan replied.

Other victim? Demi said, I thought only two of the murders occurred here?

There were two bodies, yes, Nolan conceded, But Katherine went missing that 
night and we havent seen or heard from her since. The police didnt find any other 
remains, but considderin the circumstances of her disappearance... I doubt very much 
that shes still alive.

Was there any trace of her left at all? Some blood, perhaps? Demi inquired.

All they found was a book of her studies, open on the desk and her night-clothes on 
the floor, Mr. Nolan answered, They werent stained. They werent even torn. 
Heck, its like she just vanished into thin air! By now, Demi and Nina realized that 
Katherines disappearance was an important clue, even if they didnt yet understand 
what it meant.

What can you tell us about Katherine? Nina asked. Mr. Nolan rolled his eyes.

Well now, Katherine was one of the Harrigan babies, he said in an exasperated 
tone.

Harrigan babies? Nina replied.

Every two or three years, the Harrigans from Holliston come here with a newborn in 
the middle of the night, Nolan explained. It used to be Mr. Harrigan that bought 
them round, but he passed away a few years back and now, his widow makes the 
deliveries.

I take it that the babies arent their own? Nina guessed.

Heavens, no! Mr. Nolan smiled Mrs. Harrigan is in her seventies!

Then where do they get them? Demi asked.

Its orphanage policy not to ask questions, Nolan replied. You cant pick the day, 
or even the month that theyll show up. But when they do show up, you know what 
theyll be bringin - the genders alternate; boy, girl, boy, girl, its like clockwork. 
Come to think of it... Daniel was a Harrigan child, too. In fact, if Im not mistaken, he 
was the one that arrived just before Katherine. To say this was an intriguing 
revelation wouldve been an understatement.

Is there anything else about these Harrigan babies that seems unusual? Anything at 
all? Nina asked with a degree of excitement. Mr. Nolan chuckled.

Oh, unusual describes the Harrigan children to a tea! Every last one of them is a 
strange pup. They aint stupid; they can learn to read and write and they follow 
instructions good enough. But when you look at them, you feel like... nothins going 
on upstairs. They dont smile. They dont play, he remarked, looking Nina in the 
eye. Theyre all the same... Nina and Demi turned to each other and sighed. Every 
answer just seemed to provoke more questions.

Demi eventually broke the awkward silence by asking, Are there any Harrigan 
babies at the orphanage now?

Well, yes, weve got little Grace, she arrived just a couple months ago, Mr. Nolan 
confirmed. And then theres young Joshua, as well.

May we speak with him? Demi requested.

You think that it will help you solve these murders? Mr. Nolan asked with obvious 
scepticism as he gestured towards the bloodstain outside the doorway.

Yes, Nina replied, frankly.

All right, Nolan said with a shrug.

He led the ladies back down to the ground floor. They stopped in the large mess hall, 
where Mr. Nolan asked Nina and Demi to wait while he fetched Joshua from his 
classroom. He returned a couple minutes later with a young boy of about eight or 
nine. The child had dirty blonde hair that was trimmed in a bowl style. His irises 
were unusually pale, to the point where it was impossible to tell if they were grey or 
blue. There was a gloomy frown on his face and somehow, Demi and Nina got the 
impression that this was how he normally looked. He began sizing up the mysterious 
visitors as soon as he entered the room. But there was no sense of wonderment in his 
demeanor. Now, they understood what Mr. Nolan meant when he said, theres 
nothing going on upstairs.

Now then, Joshua, these young ladies wish to speak to you, Mr. Nolan explained in 
a no-nonsense tone.

Hello, Joshua, Nina greeted with a friendly smile, bending over to meet with the 
boys eye-level. Im Miss Hadyn and this is Miss Felsen. Demi was also flashing a 
welcoming smile. We need a special helper to tell us all about things here at the 
orphanage, and Mr. Nolan says that youre just the man for the job, Nina said, doing 
her best to make an interrogation sound as exciting as possible.

The boy didnt say a word, but slowly advanced towards Nina. He stopped about a 
foot away from her and ran his eyes over her very carefully. Then he stepped over 
towards Demi and inspected her with equal scrutiny. Their friendly expressions did 
nothing to warm his demeanor. Finally, the little boy opened his mouth and spoke to 
the ladies in a deadpan tone.

The ones inside you smell the same, he said. He fucked you both. Its boring. The 
smiles instantly melted from Demi and Ninas faces.

JOSHUA! Mr. Nolan snarled, his face turning bright red with rage. Impudent little 
cur! How dare you use such language! He marched up to the child, grabbed him 
firmly by the ear and dragged him out of the room. The boy didnt so much as wince 
under Nolans manhandling, but left the room with the same sorrowful expression 
with which hed entered.

Im so sorry, ladies, weve never had such vulgarity from him before, Mr. Nolan 
apologized before he left, briefly calming his voice for Nina and Demis benefit. 
Demi simply nodded in acceptance.

Just wait till I learn you, child! The witches heard him boom as he dragged the boy 
down the hallway. Im gonna cane your hide raw, boy!

He knew... Nina muttered as the administrators rantings faded into silence. He 
knew were carrying new life. He knew that Swift Coyote is the father of our 
daughters... There is something terribly unnatural about that boy. She turned to her 
sister and saw a look of concern that mirrored her own. What in the name of the 
Goddess is going on here, Demi?

Im not sure, Demi replied, But I think we need to pay this Mrs. Harrigan a visit as 
soon as possible... 


------------------------------------

Holliston, NC
July 14th, 1931, 3:26pm.
By the time Demi and Nina had returned from the orphanage, Levinia and Swift 
Coyote had recuperated enough to make the 25-mile journey to Holliston, home of the 
enigmatic Mrs. Harrigan. At the end of a long, bumpy bus ride the four witches and 
their male companion alighted into the main street of the large town.

Instantly, the witches knew that there was something terribly off about this place - an 
unnatural foulness in the air. All the townspeople stopped and stared at the strangers 
with hostile eyes. The witches had encountered misplaced fear and disgust from other 
people many times before, but never when they were travelling incognito.

Swift Coyote and the ladies headed south along the main street footpath, catching 
many a suspicious glare along the way. The clerks of virtually every shop they past 
either made a hasty attempt to hide from sight or reached under their counters, 
presumably for some weapon they kept there. 

It didnt take long for Swift Coyote to notice that the townspeoples behaviour 
towards each other wasnt much friendlier than it was towards him or his friends.

These people are frightened... and not just of us, he remarked, in a brief instance 
when he was out of earshot of any locals. 

Mmm, Nerine agreed. Its as if they have veil of discontent clinging to their souls. 
A curse has taken hold on this town... and everybody who lives here. She looked 
over at Swift Coyote, who was wearing the same serious expression that he only ever 
abandoned in private. Oh, cheer up! She smiled, It means weve come to the right 
place. 

Swift Coyote glanced at her and smirked for just an instant.

The party slowed and stopped in front of the drug store, for the grey-haired manager 
inside seemed to be the least anxious person they had passed since getting off the bus. 
Though, he still watched them carefully as they all filed in through the single door.

Hello, Demi greeted with a smile.

Afternoon, the drug store manager replied in a frosty tone.

Were looking for a family friend who lives somewhere in Holliston. Ruth 
Harrigan... shes an older lady, in her seventies. Do you happen to know where we 
might find her? Demi asked. The store manager ran his stern eyes over all five 
strangers, pursed his wrinkly lips, then turned his eyes back to the open newspaper on 
his counter.

Yup! he answered with clear disinterest. Shes one of our customers here. She 
lives over on Jafrey... 34 or 36, I forget. One-level place with a green picket fence and 
a big ol maple in the front yard. Hard to miss. He paused a moment as he rolled his 
lips to wet them. Demi was just about to break the awkward silence when the clerk 
anticipated her next question.
You follow Main Street here just the way you wuz goin. You take the fourth or fifth 
right, Silvie Avenue; youll see the sign. Then you take the next left. Thats Jafrey 
Street, he explained.

Demi nodded. Thank you, she farewelled, trying to remain polite despite the clerks 
indifference.

Yup. Good day, he replied, in an insincere tone, without looking up from his paper.

The witches exited the store in single file, with Swift Coyote bringing up the rear.

While they had been inside, six young men, many of whom were scruffy-looking, had 
gathered outside the drugstore. As the comely young witches and their male 
companion continued down the footpath per the clerks directions, the local men 
followed. Swift Coyote had spied the men as he left the store and had noticed that 
most of the men were either sporting holsters, or telltale bulges in their coat pockets.

The ominous sound of footsteps behind them grew louder and louder with each 
passing second. Not only were the stalkers getting closer, but it seemed their ranks 
were growing, as well.

Swift Coyote was ready to draw his hunting knife from within his jacket the instant 
they came within striking distance. He listened to their footsteps and knew exactly 
how many opponents he was up against and where each one was. The seasoned 
warrior soon realized that there were too many assailants- he couldnt defeat them all, 
even with his superior speed and strength. But he could buy the women carrying his 
unborn children time to flee to safety.

The witches were well aware of the danger they were in, but were flawless in their 
nonchalance. Nina knew what her lover was thinking and wanted desperately to deter 
him. But she could not risk sending him a signal, for fear of provoking the stalkers.

Finally, Demi saw her chance  a split in the pavement just ahead. The instant that she 
and her companions had crossed to the other side, she cast her spell. A sinkhole 
opened beneath the footpath, just behind them, and the entire slab of concrete dropped 
four feet, along with all 13 of the leering stalkers.

Now! Run! Demi ordered, as the men lost their footing. The witches and Swift 
Coyote double timed down the street, leaving their would-be attackers far behind.


------------------------------------

Residence of Mrs. R. Harrigan, Holliston, NC
July 14th, 1931, 3:44pm.
The heavy deadbolt opened with a clunk and the wooden front door slowly opened. 
From behind the thin screen door, Nerine spied the suspicious glance of an elderly, 
spectacled woman.

Yes? she said in a timid voice, Can I help you?

Mrs. Harrigan? Nerine asked. Without meaning to, the old lady confirmed she was 
Mrs. Harrigan by simply not denying it.

Peeking through the crack in the door, Nerine caught sight of something shiny beside 
the old lady, roughly at her hip level. A butchers knife! And a big one at that! Mrs. 
Harrigan was clenching it tightly, but had not yet raised it into a defensive position. 
Undeterred, Nerine proceeded to introduce herself, in a relaxed but confident tone. 
The best way to put Mrs. Harrigan at ease was to remain at ease, herself.

My name is Nerine. These are my sisters, Levinia, Demi and Nina, and this is our 
friend, Mr. Coyote. Weve just come here from Applebury and a friend of ours there 
asked us to stop by and check in on you: Mr. Nolan, Nerine explained. Mrs. 
Harrigans attitude softened when she heard the familiar name of the orphanage 
administrator.

Mr. Nolan, the old lady repeated. Hes a good man. There arent many of them 
left, she lamented. Is he a good man? Mrs. Harrigan asked, nodding towards the 
imposing Native American.

Hes very honorable, Nerine smiled. Mrs. Harrigan paused for a moment, before 
deciding to trust the strangers on her doorstep.

Youd best come in, she said as she lowered the knife and turned back into the 
house. Nerine opened the squeaky screen door and the old lady led the witches and 
the warrior into her living room. The room was modest in size, but there was enough 
seating for all six people around the quaint little coffee table.

Would you like me to get you something to drink? Mrs. Harrigan asked with a 
glare.

Please, Nerine nodded with a smile. She had no intention of indulging the ladys 
unfriendliness. Besides, it had been a long journey and she and the others would 
welcome some refreshment. Mrs. Harrigan sighed and trudged off into the kitchen.

Nerine, Nina, Demi and Swift Coyote found seats in the living room. Levinia 
wandered into the kitchen and offered her assistance, but Mrs. Harrigan declined. 
After a few minutes, the old lady returned with a tray containing six mugs of steaming 
hot coffee. She set it down on the table and everybody picked up the cup closest to 
them.

Mmm... Its lovely, Nerine complimented after her first sip. Thank you.

Youre welcome, Mrs. Harrigan responded. Her mood seemed to have softened.

The witches engaged in several minutes of small talk with Mrs. Harrigan, to help put 
her at ease, before they began inquiring about the subject that had brought them to 
Holliston.

Forgive me, Levinia began, but Im curious... How did you and Mr. Nolan meet? 
You live so far away from each other... It was a subtle way of steering the 
conversation in the right direction, but it was very effective.

Oh... Well, Me and my late husband have been dealing with Mr. Nolan for over 
thirty years, Mrs. Harrigan said.

Dealing? Demi asked, feigning ignorance.

Yes... Mrs. Harrigan replied, lowering her gaze to the floor. Over the years, weve 
had to leave babies in his care.

I assume you dont mean your own? Demi facetiously remarked, nodding towards 
the black and white photos on the mantelpiece of Mr. & Mrs. Harrigan with their two 
sons.

No... the old lady shook her head, No, theyve all been foundlings... Weve been 
making runs to the Applebury orphanage since 98. My guess is we wouldve made at 
least a dozen.

Wow. Thats a lot of babies, Nina remarked, So, do people just leave them on your 
doorstep?

They never come here, Mrs. Harrigan answered. I dont know why and I dont 
know how, but theyre always left in the exact same place She lifted her head and 
looked Nina in the eye for the first time since they began talking about the babies. 
...The small functions room up at the Arnford.

The Arnford? Swift Coyote asked.

Yeah. The big resort hotel up on the hill. I was a maid at the Arnford for thirty-four 
years. Up until this big economic mess shut her down. Arthur started out there as a 
bellhop, thats how we met, Mrs. Harrigan explained. Arthur, the witches and Swift 
Coyote assumed, was her late husbands first name. My fourth year there, we had 
this devil of a thunderstorm one night... worst Id seen since I was a little girl. Round 
about midnight, I was cleaning the tables in the dining room when I hear a baby 
crying. So I followed the sounds into the small functions room and sure enough, there 
was a newborn boy just lying there on the floor. I wrapped him in my apron and took 
him to Arthur. Arthur talked to the night concierge and he arranged a carriage for 
Arthur to take the youngun to the nearest orphanage, in Applebury.

We never thought much more of it after that. But then a couple years later, Arthur 
found a little girl, right where the first one had been left.

They just keep comin... Every couple years, someone leaves a baby right there  in 
the middle of the room, about six feet in front of the stage. They just leave those poor 
little newborns there on the floor, cold, naked, still covered in afterbirth. The cords 
coming out of their bellies arent cut and tied off... more like theyve been torn apart 
from their mommas. Tears began to well in Mrs. Harrigans eyes.

Well, like I said, the Arnford closed down last year, she continued. Seems no ones 
got the money to go on vacations these days. Shes just up there... empty, forgotten... 
gathering dust and cobwebs. Nobody ever goes near her.

A couple months ago a real nasty thunderstorm rolls in, late at night. Every time a 
storm like that hits Holliston, we find one of those babies. So I went up there in 
pouring rain, just to check. I thought I was being silly, to tell the truth. But as soon as 
I stepped into the lobby, I could hear the baby, screamin her lungs out. Dont know 
how long shed been laying there, all by herself. Its like whoever left her didnt even 
care if she was found...

Do you have any inkling about where the babies come from? Nerine asked. 
Perhaps there have been some local women who were expecting, and then suddenly 
werent, with no baby to show for it?

Mrs. Harrigan pondered the question before answering, No, nothing like that.

Or maybe guests at the hotel? Levinia suggested.

No, the old lady shook her head. Thats always been the strangest part about it. 
See, back in the day, the Arnford would have anywhere between eighteen and twenty-
two members of staff working at night and twenty or so guests on a slow day. With all 
those people moving around, not once did anybody see anyone bringing those babies 
into the function room, or leaving the hotel afterwards. Whoever it was... well, they 
mustve been able to sneak around like a cat burglar. Or just been damn lucky. Even 
then, they would have had a devil of a time keeping those newborns quiet till after 
they were gone. I cant explain it...

The witches all looked at each other in bewilderment. Swift Coyote stared at the old 
lady with a stony face, looking for some sign that she might be twisting or omitting 
the truth. As far as he could tell, she was being forthright.

Though what she was saying made no sense.

There was something unique about the babies; that had already been established. 
Whoever was abandoning them must have been aware of this. But on one hand they 
were going to great pains to always leave the newborns in the exact same place and on 
the other, they didnt seem to care at all if the babies survived or not. These two 
factors simply didnt fit together.

It was clear that they would need more clues to solve the mystery.

Tell me, Nina began, While you were working up at the Arnford, did anything else 
ever happen that you thought was particularly bizarre? Perhaps even creepy?

Creepy? Mrs. Harrigan scoffed, I suppose you mean like the stories about the 
place being haunted?

What stories? Swift Coyote asked.

Oh, there was always this rumour among the staff that a ghost was haunting the 
place. People would say things like, they caught a glimpse of a figure disappearing 
into a shadow, or, dashing around a corner, or, making the curtains move. Or 
theyd say that they were in a room all alone, but they felt a presence watching 
them. Damn superstitious rubbish, if you ask me! Name me one old building in the 
United States that doesnt have its own spook? she responded with bitter distain. 
Nina smirked as she wondered how the cynical old lady would react if she knew she 
was in the presence of a practising witch coven.

But... Now let me think... Mrs. Harrigan said in a much less feisty tone, Yes... 
Now that you mention it there were some odd deaths during my time there, three, if 
memory serves. As a matter of fact... I think one of them occurred in the small 
functions room.

Where the babies were left? Swift Coyote responded.

Thats right, the old lady confirmed.

What was so unusual about them? Levinia asked.

You have to understand, that if you work in a large hotel long enough, youre bound 
to see a few people pass away there  guests who are elderly, or ill when they arrive... 
But these three were healthy, young men.

I discovered one of them myself, as a matter of fact. I think it was in 1904. I was 
making up guests rooms one morning and thats how I found the poor fellow  lying 
in bed, all shrivelled up like a dead flower, Mrs. Harrigan explained.

Shrivelled up? Demi repeated, surprised by the description. How long had he been 
dead?

Well, thats just the thing, the old lady replied. A dozen staff and guests had seen 
the fellow alive and kicking the night before, but when the doc had a look at him he 
said the man looked like hed been dead for a month! And it was exactly the same for 
the other two deaths.

Mrs. Harrigan hesitated for a moment before continuing, And... there was another 
thing they all had in common. One of the gentlemen was wearing a pyjama top, if 
memory serves, but none were found wearing any pants. And the doc said he could 
tell from the condition... of their... She stalled from embarrassment and momentarily 
tried to express herself with subdued gestures towards her own loins.  Private 
parts, she stammered, that they had... been with a woman, when they died.

Yes... now I remember! I heard the waiters joking once that there was a killer harlot 
in Holliston!

The witches each took a sip of their coffee as they processed the new information. 
Already, their shrewd minds were busy formulating theories to explain the suspicious 
deaths. There was still a lot they didnt know, but they were beginning to understand 
what they were up against.

One thing they knew for sure  The Arnford had a significant link to the magical 
disturbance in the region.
