Kara's - very hot pay site!
AdultFriendFinder - largest ADULT personals - 2,000,000+ members!
ALT.com - largest BDSM personals!
OutPersonals.com - largest Gay personals!
Nightmail.com - free web-based email!
SlutPost.com - free adult picture post!
 


HOT INDIAN FAMILY -III - 28 May 
HOT INDIAN FAMILY -III 

By Jeevan jeevan80@yahoo.com 


. 
After they all recovered they made plans to seduce Bharati. This got Karthik very much exited. His lund stood hard from time to time and both his aunts took turns fucking him and sucking his ramrod. They all decided to include Bharati in this family game. This also would remove her hindrance and they all could fuck whenever they wanted. 
As usual Bharati came home, unaware of the latest event in the family. Bindu made tea for her and they all sat round the table. As they were sipping tea, Bharati saw some activity below the table and wondered what it was all about. Karthik was sitting next to Bhanu and Bhanu had her hand on his lap caressing his lund over the shorts he was wearing. Karthiks face flushed with excitation and he was unable to concentrate on his tea. Bharati observed his face and thought about his health. 
" Kartik! Are you all right? Why your face is reddened? Are you running fewer?" 
Bindu knew that it was Bhanu doing the mischief and she too was excited with the idea of caressing Karthiks lund before everybody in the family. She pushed her legs farther below the table and touched Bharatis legs. Bharati looked at her and bindu winked. 
"Didi! He is not well today and had lots of exertion. I think somebody has drained his energy. He should take rest and he will recover." 
" What happened Karthik? What is this bindu is talking about, taking out your energy? I dont understand!" 
Come on Bharati I will tell you. Come with me to my room and I shall explain. I want your assurance that you wont be angry. Do you promise that?" 
OK OK I promise. Tell me whets the matter." 
Bindu took Bharatis hand and led her to her room, leaving Bhanu and Karthik sitting at the table. Bhanu could not resist sucking his lund and immediately went below the table and squatted on the floor. She removed Karthiks lund from his shorts and put her mouth to the red and inflamed knob. Soon his lund vanished in her greedy mouth and she started to suck it hard. Karthik was afraid of his mother and he was trying to break free but with his lund deep in the mouth of his aunt he could not breakup. 
Ohhhhh Bhanu! What if my mom catches us like this. Let bindu talk to her and then we shall continue. I am afraid of this. Please. I will let you suck my lund later as much as you want." 
" Silly! Bindu is going to bring your mom in here and she will see this for herself. Let her see your lund and then she wont back up. Let me show it to her. Let her see I get so much pleasure with your lund. Bindu is clever and by this time she must be rubbing your mom's choot. So keep quite and let me do my job. OK?" 
In the next room bindu whispered to Bharati. 
" Didi! How to tell you? But let me be clear and frank. Today in the afternoon I caught Bhanu and Karthik. Bhanu was rubbing your sons Ohhhhh come over her tits and your son did fuck her before that. I saw this and could not resist the urge and I too allowed Karthik to fuck me. Today he fucked both of us three times. Can you imagine that? He is so lusty and has extraordinary stamina. I am telling this to you because we all want you to join us and enjoy. You have not had a lund for more than 6 years after your husband's death. So why dont we all enjoy? Karthik is strong enough to fuck all of us. What do you think?" 
As she talked bindu was caressing Bharatis back and even rubbed her thighs casually. She was no doubt shocked with the news but at the same time something crawled in her own choot. She realised that she was not angry but she was excited with the proposal. What was the harm? Who would know this? Even if she allowed Karthik her own son to fuck her choot nobody would come to know. This increased her craving for her sons lund. It was safe though against social norms. To hell with the society. Now I want a hard solid lund to satisfy my unsated sexual urge. She thought for a while and caught her sisters hand and said, 
"Bindu! I am not angry but excited. So you both fucked his lund? Ohh God! How I wanted him! I had seen him naked and even jacking off but I was shy to approach him. Today you both have opened the gate for me and I have decided to join you all. So lets see whets up there in the dining hall." 
She put her hands around Bindus waist and took her to the hall. 
Bharati and bindu entered the hall at the proper time. They saw Bhanu with her mouth open, rubbing Karthiks lund and waiting for his come to fall on her tongue. Karthik saw his mom and aunt enter and he exploded! His come shot out of his lund and fell on the face and tongue of Bhanu. Globs of lund juice fell on poor Bhanus face and she swallowed as much as she could. Some come was dripping from her lips onto his thighs and then she looked up and saw both her sisters looking at her come smeared face. Bhanu got up and greeted the sisters. 
" Welcome home Bharati! Welcome to the family ORGY! So how am I looking with all that come of your son on my face? I want to se you like this bharati. Come on Karthik greet your mom. You wanted to see her boobs and ass, go ahead look at what ever of her body you want." 
"Come here Bhanu. Let me taste the juice of my sons lund from your face. Ohh God he came so much. I saw his cock bursting. Let me lick it all from you face." 
Bharati kissed her sister and tasted the come of her own son. She wiped the globs of come sticking to her face with her tongue and swallowed the precious secretion. Then she turned to Karthik and embraced him tightly, more as a lover than a mother. She had to execute two roles, one of mother and the another of seductress, a slut for her own son. She knew she would succeed with the help of her two sexy sisters. She placed her mouth over his and kissed him hard. It was definitely a lusty kiss as her tongue probed into his mouth. Karthik opened his mouth and allowed his mother to explore his mouth. Their tongues met and played with each other. Bharati was dressed in a sari and both Bhanu and bindu were now busy in removing it from her body. Mom-son due did not break the kiss but their kissing became more passionate and their hands roamed freely over each others body. 
Bharati searched for the lund of her son and her hands grabbed the hard penis that she had caressed long back. It had grown to be an adult penis now and stood proudly for her to caress. Bharati felt itch in her choot and she pushed her choot hard against the straining lund. Karthik felt his mothers choot rubbing against his lund and he too responded by grinding his lund onto the rubbing pussy of his mother. Bhanu and bindu watched this incestuous love with interest as they removed the sari of their sister. Bindu was undressing Bharati and Bhanu was removing the shorts of her nephew, to free his lund for his mother. 
Soon Bharati was naked and as was Karthik and his aunts. Karthik saw his mothers big boobs and could not resist touching them. She grabbed the twin melons and pressed them hard. Bharati moaned with desire,  Ohh my son! Press my breasts as you used to when you were child. Ohhh god your hands have grown big and they can hold the breast. You were so small when you suckled on the very same breasts. You touched them with your tender fingers and now you are pressing them. Knead them hard son! Draw some milk from them. Ohhh You do this so nicely! Come on suckle on my boobs! Drink the milk as you used to when you were a child. 
Yes Mom! I wanted to touch them for sooo long! I used to watch your boobs whenever you bent. Ohhhhh they are sooo big! See the nipples! They are sure like childs finger. Ohhh they are hard Mom! Come on give me your breasts to suck! And you suck my lund. It was dying for your touch. I have jacked off many times thinking about you mom! Come on suck on the lund! And let me taste your choot. Did I come from this small choot? Ohh its so fleshy! Ohh you shave it for me? Come on suck on that lund, bite it, eat it! 
Bharati too wanted that lund in her mouth. It was more than 5 years she had not touched a cock. She lay on the floor and asked Karthik to put his lund in her mouth and lick her choot. Karthik came over her and lowered his lund to the mouth of his mother. She grabbed it with her hands and pushing her tongue out, started to lick the entire shaft. Karthik moaned and lowered his mouth to the fountain of pleasure, the choot. Both Bhanu and bindu watched the mother and son sucking away at each others genitals and they too assumed the same 69 position with Bhanu on top. They hungrily sucked on each others quims as they watched the show. They were very much excited and Bhanu ground her choot on Bindus mouth in frenzy for release. Bindu held Bhanus ass with both her hands and was pulling her choot on her mouth. Their boobs were rubbing against one anothers bellies and tickling them. Bhanu spread the choot and exposed the clitoris and tickled it with her tongue sending waves of lust through Bindus body. Bindu too searched for the clit of her sister and repeated the tickling. Their asses moved in rhythm as soft tongue probed into the choots. 
There the mom and son were awake with lust and Bharati was nibbling on the glans, biting it slightly with her teeth. Karthik felt his mothers teeth on his lund and pushed his ass down, pressing the cock on the mouth of his mother, making her gasp for air to breathe. Bharati knew that she must take the lund in her mouth as Karthik was now thrusting his ass in fucking motion. She opened her mouth and took his mushroom shaped purple glans inside her mouth. Ohh Boy! It was so big! She had seen it when it was small and now she felt the difference. Drops of precome fell onto her tongue and she tasted them. The precome tasted nice and salty and she squeezed his cock to take out more of the liquid. The rolling of tongue of his mother over the cock head made Karthik shudder and he in turn pushed his own tongue in his mothers choot. His tongue probed inside the salty river and he pushed in deeper. He felt the soft inside of his mothers choot and rolled his tongue to feel more. 
Bharati now took more of his sons lund in her mouth and tried to accommodate him by opening her mouth wide. Finally she succeeded in taking more than 6 inches of him inside her mouth and started to suck it hard. His balls slapped on her nose as he bucked his hips in rhythm of sucking. Finally Bharati could not stand it any longer and expelled his lund from her mouth urging him to fuck her choot. 
 Ohhhh Karthik! Come on fuck my choot now. Fuck the choot that give you the birth. Come on push that big hard lund inside my box. Fuckkkk mmmeeeeeeeeeee! 
Karthik immediately got up and placed his lund on the mouth of the choot of his mother and in one thrust pushed his mighty lund inside. Bharati gasped as she felt her sons lund touch her cervix and started to rotate her ass in an effort to swallow more of his lund. Bhanu and Bindu watched as the incestuous act was accomplished and they stopped sucking each others choots and came to the fucking couple. Bhanu sat near her sisters face and took the massive breasts in her hands. Bharati looked at her sister and pushed her hands on the soft boobs of Bhanu. Both the sisters were kneading others boobs and then Bhanu put her mouth over Bharatis and kissed her. This was the first time the sisters were kissing like lovers and this added to the pleasure. Bindu pushed her mouth near Bharatis choot and watched Karthiks lund fucking her sisters choot. She then lowered her mouth to the wet choot and started to tickle the now hard clit of Bharati. She chewed on the clit and Bharati squirmed with stimulation. 
Kartik fucked his mom faster now and was nearing his release.  Ohhh Mom! I am going to come in your choot. Ohhhhhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhhhhh chodo! Fuck! Yes your choot is sooo nice mom. It is squeezing my lund! Come on mom take my semen in your choot. Ohhh hereeeee iiiiiiiiiccccccoooooooommmmmmmeeeeeeeeeee! he shot his load in his mothers womb and lay panting on the sweating body of his mom. Bharati felt hot come of his son pouring inside of her choot and she held her son tightly and pushed her choot over his lund, grabbing the jerking cock deepwithin. Bharati too came and her body convulsed in the lusy incestuous orgasm never felt before. 
Bhanu and bindu saw their sister orgasm and they fondeled the body of lusty mom, increasing the pleasure for her. Then bhanu removed the come soaked lund of Karthik from his mothers choot and licked it clean of the combined come juices while bindu drank the come overflowing the choot. Then they all kissed each other sharing the fruit of incest. This was the first mother and son encounter and everybody enjoyed it. 
This started a new era in the family, the incest and these three horney ladies tried many new things and involved other family members, from the close relatives. That is in next part 
Continued in the Next part IV 
 




<Back To Pages>

