She Liked It! 
by nighttimestories©


My wife April and I have been married for seven years and have always liked 
trying new things when it comes to sex. Most recently, we have been spicing up 
our sex life by showing off April.

I should tell you that April is a petite 5'5" blonde with breasts that are a 
full 36D and regardless of what she is wearing can never hide her endowment. She 
has a cute tiny little bubble butt that is firm and silky smooth. Her legs 
remind you of the legs of a dancer. They are muscular enough to be sexy and not 
so muscular to be masculine. 

I have found that I also like showing her off and the stares she gets from 
admiring men. Our little showing off sessions have progressively gotten more and 
more provocative and more and more exciting.

Most recently, our outing was shopping and I put together the outfit that she 
was to wear.

I put her outfit on the bed while she was taking a shower getting herself ready 
for our adventure.

She came out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around her head and her 
beautiful clean body still glistening from moisture.

She looked at the outfit on the bed and said smiling, "You have got to be 
kidding! Right?"

I glanced at her with a serious look and an evil grin.

She looked shocked and exclaimed, "You're NOT kidding!"

She decided to go along I believe thinking that I would back down from having 
her in public in such an outfit. She smiled and started walking to the vanity, 
"Ok I'm game"

She sat her beautiful naked ass on the bench, then unwrapped her damp golden 
locks from the towel and let them tumble to her smooth sexy shoulders. She 
grabbed a brush and began running it through her hair.

I turned and headed into the bathroom to take a shower while she primped in 
front of the mirror.

I finished with my shower then dried my hair and shaved the stubble from my 
face. I walked into the bedroom to see April completely naked looking at her 
ensemble lying on the bed. She was radiant with the minimal makeup that she wore 
and her blonde curly hair rolling along her beautiful face.

I said, "Well, go ahead and get dressed. I'll be ready shortly."

She got a concerned look on her face and asked, "Are you sure?"

I looked over my shoulder and said, "Yes now get ready."

I went back into the bathroom and knew that she was not going to be up for going 
out in public in that outfit.

I had picked out a short black leather mini skirt and a sheer red silk blouse. 
There was no bra or panties on the bed. The shoes were a red pointed toe high 
heel that always made my dick hard just looking at her legs while wearing them. 

When I had finished getting ready and dressed, I went back into the bedroom. My 
jaw must have hit the floor when I saw her standing there in the outfit. "WOW!" 
was all I could say.

She looked at me and asked, "Are you about ready to go?"

My mind was thinking she was now playing games and after seeing her in the 
outfit, she thought I would change my mind about her going out in public dressed 
like that. Quiet frankly it did cross my mind that maybe I had pushed it a 
little too far. I mean she was naked under very little clothing.

She had the buttons on the blouse unbuttoned so that half her breasts were 
showing and you could see her hard nipples pushing against the cool silk fabric. 
The skirt was just long enough to cover her ass cheeks while she was standing. 
Any bending or sitting would reveal her ass and more than likely her shaved 
pussy. Her legs looked incredibly long for such a petite woman because of the 
skirt being so short. I let my eyes roll down her sexy legs and to those red 
high-heeled shoes that just simply were, "WOW!" I said again.

I could feel my dick getting hard in my pants and glanced down to see it tenting 
out the front of my jeans.

I finally replied to her question, "Yes, I'm ready to go!"

I think she was still hoping that I would change my mind but she had also seen 
my cock getting hard and probably knew I was enjoying this way too much to stop 
it.

I grabbed her hand and we headed for the door. I said, "I think we will go to 
the mall first and go to that furniture store there to look for the new living 
room group you have been wanting and then walk around the mall and maybe grab 
some dinner and a movie while we are there. Does that sound ok to you?"

She was slightly being pulled to the door by me and she responded with a slight 
smile and a, "Sounds great to me."

Out the front door we went and although we have progressively been increasing 
the amount of skin that April revealed this was the first time she had been out 
in no panties and no bra. The other times had included a low cut blouse with too 
many buttons unbuttoned and a bra or a short skirt but she had panties on even 
if it was a pair of thong panties.

She now seemed in a hurry to get to the car. She was out in broad daylight and 
felt self-conscious about her attire. She was also concerned that the neighbors 
might see her.

I hurried behind her and said, "Here let me get the door for you Honey."

She turned to sit in the car seat and pulled down on her skirt as she did so. 
She then swung both of her legs into the car but not without showing me her 
sweet little pussy. Once in she looked up at me and asked, "Did you enjoy the 
show?"

"HELL YES!" I responded and she smiled then. I shut the door and went around 
getting in on the other side.

I started the car and glanced over at April. She looked a little nervous and had 
her hands folded in her lap as if she was trying to keep her naked pussy 
covered. I reached over, put my hand on her leg, and said, "You look absolutely 
beautiful and so very sexy!"

She smiled at me and said, "Thank-you but, don't you think this may be a little 
too much? I mean I could get arrested for showing this much in public."

I said, "Relax, it's not like your naked and you really have to be paying 
attention to even know you don't have a bra on. And, we are not going to be 
sitting anywhere in public where anyone can see your ass."

I was lying to keep her calmed down. Her tits were large enough that just 
walking let them jiggle and bounce. Besides the fact that her nipples were 
protruding and the areola were slightly visible through the thin silk. I also 
had already devised a plan to have her sit where she would be on display. She 
was going to be noticed today by every red-blooded male that she met and I was 
going to enjoy every minute of it and I hoped that she would relax eventually 
and enjoy the attention and stimulation of it.

I said, "Let's make a bet right now. I bet that by the end of the day you will 
be having fun and incredibly turned on. If so, you lose and at some point, I 
will look at you and say "Now." When I do you have to strip naked. If I lose the 
same will go for me when you say "Now." How does that sound for a friendly 
little wager?"

She smiled and said, "I'm not sure how friendly that is but you're on."

We pulled out of the drive and I turned the car toward the direction of the 
mall. As we were riding, we talked and that helped to take her mind off the fact 
that she did not have very many clothes on. I put my hand on her thigh about 
midway between her knee and her pussy. I could feel the heat from her pussy 
already. 

In front of the mall was a restaurant that is known to be visited by lots of 
male patrons because of the tight shirts and little orange shorts that the 
waitresses wear. I pulled in and said, "Let's get something to eat before we 
look at furniture. I'm starved aren't you?"

She smiled at me and asked, "Are we going here for me to put in a job 
application or to eat?"

I laughed at her comment and replied, "Simply to eat."

I walked around the car to open the door for her. She could in no way get out of 
the car without flashing me her sweet little smooth pussy. She slid out of the 
seat and turned her feet to the ground. She looked up at me, as she knew I would 
be watching. She said, "You are such a nasty boy!"

I grinned and replied, "Yes and you love it."

She stood up, the dress had ridden up on her, and she quickly pulled it down to 
cover her ass and pussy.

I grabbed her hand and we went into the restaurant. The patrons inside were 
about eighty percent male and several heads snapped our direction when they saw 
April standing at the front door.

One of the girls guided us toward our table. April looked at the girl and asked, 
"Is it ok if we take a table with a regular chair and not a stool?"

The waitress then guided us to a table with chairs. "I thought "Damn" I was 
hoping she would take the stool. When we sat down, she looked at me and said, 
"You thought you had me there didn't you?"

I just smiled.

The waitress then came back for our drink order and I ordered two margaritas.

April then said, "Are you trying to ply away the inhibitions with some tequila?"

I replied, "No, I just thought it would be fun to have a drink."

She gave me that "Yah sure" look.

The guys in the restaurant kept walking by sneaking peeks at April. I know she 
was noticing it also because she was getting more flirtatious with me.

We had our lunch and two margaritas each. April was loosening up a bit. She was 
not trying to cover her breasts with her crossed arms so nobody could tell she 
was naked underneath it. Her nipples were hard as rocks.

She ordered another margarita for each of us and said, "It will be dessert."

We finished our "dessert" and got up to pay our bill and head to the mall. When 
April stood up I could see just the bottom of her pussy and I know the people 
behind her could see her ass. She pulled her skirt down quickly remembering all 
of a sudden what she was wearing.

We went to the car and again I opened the door for her. This time she just 
climbed right in and flashed everything at me. She grinned from ear to ear, "Is 
that not what you wanted to see?"

I shut the door and went to the other side. Once in the car she leaned to me and 
kissed me. "Thanks for lunch Sweetheart that was fun."

I started the car and we drove the short distance to the furniture store in the 
mall.

Once again, I was more than happy to open the door for her. She swung one leg 
out and spread her legs then looked up at me and asked, "Is this what you came 
over here to see?" grinning from ear to ear.

My dick was getting a rush of blood to it and it began to plump up. She reached 
for my cock and squeezed it. "Seems that you like looking at my naked pussy in 
the daylight." She said.

She then said, "Let's make it a little more interesting as she reached for her 
blouse and unbuttoned another button. She was now unbuttoned to the point that 
her cleavage was clearly visible. Apparently, the margaritas were having the 
affect that I had hoped they would. She added, "After all is showing me off not 
what this is all about."

As we walked hand in hand to the mall you could tell that there was a more 
confidence in her stride. I glanced over at her to look and her tits were 
undulating inside her blouse with her new stride. She was showing off and proud 
to be doing so.

We walked into the store and very quickly two salesmen nearly raced to get to 
us. Jim won out. 

"Hello, I'm Jim what can we help you two with today?"

April responded first, "We would like to look at some new living room furniture."

Jim responded enthusiastically, "Great! Do you have a certain color or style in 
mind?"

April responded, "I would like something in a red or dark red fabric and need 
something with some good size or bulk to it. We are putting it in a large room 
and do not want it to look tiny."

Jim said, "Ok let me show you a couple of sets that I think might fit the bill 
for you."

We followed Jim to a nice looking set of furniture and he said, "Her sit on this 
one it is one of our best sets."

I sat on the loveseat and April pulled her skirt down as she sat so she would 
not completely show her ass as she sat. When she sat down, I watched Jim and he 
had his eyes looking intently at April. 

I looked over at April as she crossed her legs letting her legs slightly drift 
apart. It was like Sharon Stone in that movie. I knew Jim got a quick glance but 
albeit quick, he did see her pussy. 

Jim had a slightly higher pitch to his voice as he asked, "How do you like that 
one?"

April rubbed her hand on the arm and felt the fabric. "The fabric is a little 
course. I would like something a little more plush so it feels good when I sit 
on it naked." She responded.

I nearly choked at that comment and Jim's eyes opened wide and said, "I have 
another one that is made of micro suede and is very soft. Why don't we go look 
at it."

He watched April as she uncrossed her legs again giving Jim a flash of smooth 
pussy. She went to stand up and her skirt had ridden up so much that even I 
could see her pussy. When she stood up the bottoms of her ass cheeks were 
visible. I glanced around and there were two other salesmen at this point 
watching us intently. There eyes opened wide as April stood and reached to pull 
her skirt down again to cover her ass. My dick was again plumping up from the 
excitement.

Jim then led us to another set that was a dark red suede type fabric and April 
sat down on it. This time I stood next to Jim so I could get his viewpoint. 
April looked at us and this time smiling she said, "I like this one it feels 
good on my naked ass. She then let her legs drift apart as she turned to rub her 
hand across the fabric. You could easily see her smooth naked pussy and it 
appeared to be slightly wet. She was not hiding it at all this time. She looked 
up at me and asked, "What do you think Honey?"

I cleared my throat and said, "I love it. All of it!"

She smiled at Jim and asked, "Ok Jim what is your bottom dollar for this set?"

Jim did not even hesitate and knocked off two hundred dollars. April said, 
"Great we'll take it."

April stood back up again revealing her ass and pussy to all that were watching. 
As she stood up she bent over slightly and her tits nearly fell out of her 
shirt. She then pulled her skirt back down. We walked to the counter, paid Jim, 
and set up delivery arrangements.

Jim gave us his card and said, "Please anytime you need some more furniture come 
in and ask for me. It has been my pleasure to serve you today." 

I leaned toward him and said, "A pleasure and a turn on right?"

He looked like he did not know for sure how to respond and then I winked at him 
and he said, "Yah that too."

We headed out of the store and into the mall. There was a Mexican restaurant 
about half way down and April said, "I need another margarita how about you?"

I responded with, "Sure let's go to the bar and get one."

We walked in and asked to sit at the bar. The place was nearly vacant except for 
the servers and some cooks that were taking a break after the lunch business had 
ended.

This time April climbed right up on the stool and crossed her legs. Her long 
sexy legs in those red high heels made me want to start at her toes and lick 
them clear up to her wet little pussy. The bartender came over and asked for our 
order. April leaned forward to give him our order and her tits nearly fell into 
plain sight. I watched the bartender's eyes as he looked at her chest when 
taking our order. I placed my order and he never even took his eyes off April's 
chest.

Our margaritas came and April again made a show of reaching for them. She then 
motioned for the bartender to come closer as she leaned toward him. I looked at 
April as she leaned forward and her blouse fell open revealing her beautiful 
breasts. I looked back at the bartender as his eyes were peering down her shirt. 
April said, "When these are nearly gone just set us up with another one."

She leaned back into her chair and the bartender just stood back and kept 
looking at her tits visible through her shirt. He then asked, "Are you guys out 
shopping today?"

I responded, "Yes we just left the furniture store and after here we are heading 
on down the mall to shop for her some clothes."

April looked at me and asked, "Have I been a good girl and getting rewarded 
today?"

I replied, "I'm not sure about the good girl part but you need some new clothes 
don't you?"

The bartender kind of laughed and said, "I think she looks great in what she has 
on." 

The bartender walked away and left us there. I placed my hand on April's thigh 
with my little finger resting against her pussy. I started to wiggle my little 
finger against her and noticed she was wet. I looked at her and asked, "You are 
apparently enjoying this?"

She uncrossed her legs and slightly spread them giving me better access to her 
pussy. I gently and without much motion continued to let my little finger gently 
rub between her wet lips. I could feel her clit hardening beneath my finger. I 
slightly turned my hand so I could slip my finger into her damp folds. She 
slightly moaned as I pulled it out and continued rubbing my little finger 
against her now very hard clit.

The bartender came back to check on us and I kept massaging April's pussy as he 
talked to us. He asked April if she was looking forward to shopping and she 
responded with a sultry voice, "OHHH Yes!" I had inserted a finger back into her 
pussy just as she was responding. I nearly had to laugh aloud.

The bartender stayed and talked and I think he was beginning to know something 
was going on behind the bar because April had now slid down in her seat. I 
looked down at her lap and her skirt had ridden up even further. I quickly and 
nonchalantly glanced around and the cooks were still there. There was no doubt 
in their minds as to where my hand was and they were getting a good shot of 
April's ass sitting on the stool.

April grabbed my hand and tried pulling it away as she was ready to cum. I did 
not allow her to pull my hand away and kept on rubbing. I wanted to see her 
orgasm right there in front of these guys. She is generally a noisy sex partner. 
She was biting her lower lip, began to jerk, and attempted to cover up her 
jerking by acting as if she was shifting her seating position. She began 
laughing to release the pent up pressure instead of her normal moaning and 
screaming.

When I felt her relax, I pulled my hand away from her pussy and she quickly 
excused herself to the ladies room. However, not before standing up and letting 
the bartender and the cooks see her naked ass and pussy before she pulled her 
skirt down.

All of us in the restaurant watched as she sexily walked to the restroom.

The bartender just looked at me and said, "You my friend are a very lucky man."

I smiled at him and said, "Thank-you, I know."

I had sat there sipping my margarita for about five minutes and April had not 
returned. I asked the bartender to watch our drinks and went to check on her. I 
knocked then slightly opened the door to the ladies room and asked, "April are 
you ok?"

I heard her respond, "What the hell took you so long? Get your ass in here."

I walked in and found her sitting in one of the stalls. I stepped in and she 
immediately reached for my fly. She unzipped my pants and pulled my cock out. 
She then swallowed it down her throat. My cock immediately sprang to attention. 
She was pulling and sucking until it had reached a firmness that she knew was 
enough. She then stood up and turned around. She leaned over the stool with her 
hands on the wall and demanded, "Fuck Me!"

I reached for her skirt and pulled it over her hips to reveal a wet pussy. She 
was extremely horny and ready. I guided my cock to her pussy and laid the head 
against her lips and she nearly yelled, "For God's sake Brent FUCK ME!"

I pushed past her lips and into her hot, wet pussy. She immediately clamped down 
on my cock and started pushing on and off it as if she was doing pushups against 
the wall. I grabbed a hold of her hips and met her thrust for thrust. She was 
grunting and groaning like a wild animal. We had not had sex this intense for 
years and had never had sex in a public restroom. I looked down at my wet cock 
sliding in and out of her pussy and had a surreal moment not able to believe 
this was happening.




The moment quickly dissipated due to the fact that I could feel the cum rising 
up my shaft and it exploded into April's waiting pussy as she shuddered in an 
intense orgasm as well.

She stopped thrusting and I held onto her hips with my cock buried deep inside 
of her. We both were breathing heavily and trying to catch our breath after such 
an intense fuck session. I pulled back and let my still hard cock slid from her 
pussy. April stood up and said, "What the hell are you doing in the ladies 
restroom you pervert?" smiling. "Now get out of her while I clean up a bit." She 
ordered.

I pushed my deflating cock back into my pants, zipped up, and turned to leave 
when April suddenly grabbed me and quickly turned me to give me a deep and 
passionate kiss.

I then left the restroom and headed back to the bar. 

The bartender had a big grin on his face as I returned. He asked, "Is everything 
OK?"

I smiled and replied, "I have a feeling you already know the answer to that 
question."

He smiled again and said, "Everybody in the building knows the answer to that 
question."

I smiled and sat back down to finish my margarita.

April soon came back to the bar and immediately turned red faced as she saw the 
bartender grinning from ear to ear. She grabbed her glass, downed the last of 
her margarita, and said, "Let's go I think we have bothered these folks long 
enough."

The bartender replied, "No Ma'am not at all. We have enjoyed your visit. Please 
come back and see us again."

April blushed even more and grinned at the bartender then said, "Thank-You, you 
have been a gracious host," as she put a ten dollar bill in his tip jar.

We turned and headed back into the mall. As soon as we were out of the 
restaurant, we cracked up laughing.

We walked down the mall and April turned into a famous sexy lingerie and 
clothing shop. She said, "I need to shop for some panties. I seem to have cum 
still running down my leg," as she smiled at me.

She went to the panties and began looking through them for some she liked. She 
held up one red pair that was nothing more than some string sewn to a piece of 
triangle shaped cloth. "Do you like these?" she asked.

I just nodded yes and headed to the dressing room. I followed her. She stepped 
in and quickly opened the door. She pulled up her skirt and spun around for me 
to see them. The cloth in front just covered her pussy and the red string 
beautifully disappeared between the firm cheeks of her ass. All I could say was, 
"Hell yes get them."

She pulled the tag off them and headed to the counter. She gave the sales clerk 
the tag and said, "I decided to wear them."

The sales clerk smiled and rang them up.

She looked at me and said, "I think I'm done shopping why don't we go to 
Brandon's Place for some drinks and some fun."

I replied, "Sure, sounds good to me."

Our good friend Brandon Price owned Brandon's Place. We enjoyed going there 
because it was a small place and people our age visited it.

She grabbed my hand and we headed back down the mall. We had been having so much 
fun I had not paid attention to the guys in the mall. They were all looking at 
April as we walked past them. Who could blame them as her unrestrained breasts 
were bouncing with each step that she took. She looked sexy and she knew it.

We drove over to Brandon's and went inside. There were about fifty people there, 
which was an averaged size crowd for the place. We went to the bar to see 
Brandon. As usual, he was working behind the bar and was glad to see us. I shook 
his hand and April gave him a hug. Brandon held onto her hand, pushed her back a 
little, and said, "Damn April you are looking fine tonight."

April replied, "Well thank-you kind sir."

Brandon then asked, "Do you need a job? You know you could make a lot of money 
working here especially the way you look tonight."

April grinned and said, "Not right now but I will think about it."

Brandon said, "Ok you think about it. In the mean time, what do you guys need to 
drink tonight? The first one is on me."

We both ordered margaritas as that is what we started the day with and decided 
to make that our drink of the day.

We found some stools at the bar and made ourselves comfortable. We turned toward 
the crowd and April's long sexy legs were out for viewing. Guys in the bar were 
taking notice of the babe with the long legs and the sheer top. The ladies in 
the bar were either appreciative of her beauty or very jealous of it. 

April was just chatting with me and friends and either did not notice the affect 
she was having on the patrons or did and was ignoring it.

My question was soon answered as she stood up, turned around to face the bar, 
and motioned for Brandon to come over. She then leaned over the bar to talk to 
Brandon. When she did this, her skirt rode up and her ass was visible to 
everyone watching. My dick got hard at her blatant exhibitionism. 

There were a few whistles from the room as she continued to flash her ass. I 
turned to her and listened to her conversation with Brandon. She was talking 
about nothing important so I knew it was just a ploy to show off her ass. She 
then leaned further over and was whispering something in his ear. I checked out 
her ass and now you could see her red clad pussy and the little string 
disappearing between those beautiful globes of flesh. My dick was as hard as it 
had ever been.

She then turned back around and sat on her stool but this time left her legs 
slightly parted so with the right angle you could see her red covered pussy. 
Brandon brought us another round of drinks and April quickly started to drink 
hers.

I leaned to her and asked, "Are you having a good time and enjoying yourself 
tonight?"

She smiled and asked back, "Why? Did you like also like looking at my ass in 
these panties?"

I grabbed her hand and put it on my lap. She smiled and replied, "I guess you 
do."

I again asked, "Are you enjoying yourself tonight?"

She smiled and said, "OK! OK! You win. Yes I am having a great time and loving 
every minute of it."

She then laughed and leaned forward in her stool and although I could not see 
clearly, I know the people in the bar could see her firm, large breasts hanging 
inside her shirt.

Brandon walked over and asked me, "Buddy, my help did not show up tonight and 
I'm getting slammed. Would you mind helping me for a minute behind the bar?"

I jumped up and said, "You bet!" I had helped him before and actually had a good 
time behind the bar.

I did not know how to mix all of the drinks but I could handle the beer so I 
jumped right in. I kept an eye on April as she continued to flash her body and 
was getting more and more brazen with each sip of her margarita.

The bar was now packed and Brandon's help still had not shown up. It was nearly 
standing room only.

I went to April and said, "Honey it is time for your interview. Can you give us 
a hand out on the floor getting orders and bringing up empty glasses?"

She stood up and said, "Aye, Aye Sir I'll get right on it."

She immediately jumped out on the floor and started gathering up dirty glasses 
and ashtrays. This gave her even more opportunities to bend over showing off her 
cute ass and her huge tits. I watched her as she bent down in front of the guys. 
Their eyes were looking at her tits. When she bent over and her ass was showing 
under her skirt the guys behind her made lewd bodily movements. Some of them 
flicked their tongues at her ass, some of them made hunching motions in her 
direction. Every time she would come back to the bar, she had to rub against 
people to get through. Each trip to the bar she also took another drink from her 
margarita.

I noticed on her trips to the bar that there were more and more bills stuck in 
the waistband of her skirt.

I asked her if she was having fun.

She turned to me with a big smile, "I'm having the time of my life and never 
thought it would be so much fun to tease these guys. Look at the money I'm 
making!" as she looked down at her waist.

"So without a doubt you would say that you have lost the bet?" I asked her.

"Without a doubt I was wrong and I'm having a great time." She responded.

"Do you remember the terms of our little wager?" as I looked into her eyes.

She suddenly got demure, "Yes."

I smiled and then said, "Now!"

She got a shocked look on her face, "Right NOW?"

"Yes, right now." I responded.

Even in her inebriated state, she suddenly got very shy. "Brent why right now? I 
thought when the bet was made you meant when we were at home alone." She 
quizzed.

"That was not part of the deal was it?" I responded.

She stood there with a deep thought process going on in her mind and suddenly, 
"Damn it is HOT! In here."

She unbuttoned her shirt and peeled it off. She was standing in a crowded bar 
topless. The whistles and hollering started.

I said, "The rest of it too."

She got wide-eyed, "Can I at least keep my panties on?"

"Alright, since they cover very little anyway. You also are going to need a 
place to stuff bills." I let her off the hook on completely nude.

"Damn I'm still hot" as she unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor.

The crowd was now really getting wild.

Hollers from the bar were, "Waitress I need a beer, Waitress I need a drink!"

April looked at me and said, "Sounds like I better get to work!"

She strutted her sexy body right out into the throng of people. 

The first table she walked up to she bent over to get their order and one of the 
guys put his hand on her ass. She quickly stood up and pulled his hand from her 
ass, "No groping the waitress please."

She went to the next table and got their order as the guys admired every inch of 
her body.

I then had to get busy with customers at the bar and lost track of April for a 
moment. I saw her again at the bar getting drinks. She said, "Damn I think I 
have had nearly every inch of my body pinched or fondled in just the last few 
minutes."

She got her orders and went back out onto the floor. I again was busy helping 
customers at the bar when she came back up. Her string panties were loaded with 
so many bills it looked like lace around her. She even had a few of them tucked 
inside the cloth covering her pussy. Noticing the bills, I also noted a small 
wet spot on the fabric.

I asked her, "Looks like a few of them got inventive on where to put their tips?"

She smiled and replied, "Oh yah, they made sure they tucked it in there well too."

She pulled some of the bills from her string waistband and from her panty 
covered pussy. "Here will you keep some of this back there? I need more room for 
more money."

She was on an exhilarating high from the tone of her voice.

She got her drinks and back out onto the floor.

The next time I looked up, she was posing for some pictures with guys all around 
her. One of them had his hand on her tit. Another had his hand on her pussy and 
I am sure several of them had a handful of her sweet ass. Watching the scene 
made my dick begin to get hard.

Brandon said to me, "Damn Brent I don't know why you guys are doing this but 
this is probably the best night I have had since opening the bar."

I told Brandon, "April and I had a little bet and she lost."

Brandon smiled and said, "Well Buddy you are one lucky man. I have to admit I 
have wondered what April looked like naked and I'm not disappointed."

I nodded and replied, "Yes Sir I'm definitely a very lucky man." 

I watched April flirting and moving hands from her body as she tried to maneuver 
through the bar.

She came back up to the bar and said, "I hope you like red marks and bruises on 
me because by the end of tonight I will be covered in them."

She pulled another wad of money from her waist and handed it to me.

The evening continued with April posing for pictures and fighting off the 
advances being made toward her. I got through the night without completely 
embarrassing myself. It was hard not to have a hard on all night.

It seemed like the night had flown by when Brandon made last call.

One more round through the crowd and everyone wanted another feel of April's 
body. The wet spot in front of her panties had grown noticeably and several 
comments were made to her about fucking or going home with them tonight. I heard 
several comments of after closing going with a group of guys to continue the 
party. They were all delightfully declined.

We got everyone out of the bar, all that was left was Brandon, April, and I. 
April sat down on a stool and pulled the bills from her panties.

She then stood up and asked, "Brent can I see you in the office for a moment?"

I looked at Brandon and he nodded his approval.

I followed April's red ass to the office. Once there I asked, "Do you realize 
you have hand prints on your ...." I did not get to finish as she literally 
attacked me by sliding her tongue down my throat. We kissed and she then turned 
around, pulled her panties off and said, "FUCK ME NOW MISTER!"

I unzipped my fly, pulled out my hard cock, and drove it into her pussy. She was 
sopping wet as I slid in with ease. There was a mirror on one wall and I watched 
us fucking. Her big tits were swinging with each trust and I could see my cock 
sliding in and out of her.

She quickly began to groan and I felt her pussy clamp down on my cock, which 
caused me to unload into her. She was nearly screaming as we came at the same 
time.

We both nearly collapsed on the desk from the intense orgasms.

April stood up and my cock fell from her. She reached for her panties and slid 
them back on.

We left the office and back out to Brandon who had a big smile on his face, "You 
two are great!"

We helped him cleanup the bar and about 3:30 am, we were done.

April looked at Brandon, "Would it be alright if we did this again some night?"

Brandon replied, "Hell yes. Anytime you want to. I had a great night and the 
scenery was great also."

We said our goodnights and headed out the door. I had gotten so used to April 
being nearly naked I just noticed she was still naked as we headed to the car.

I said, "A little overexposed for public aren't you?"

She smiled and replied, "It's 3:30 in the morning. Who is going to be out at 
this hour?"

We got in the car and April almost immediately went to sleep.

I drove us home glancing over from time to time to admire her beautiful naked 
body as the streetlights illuminated the interior of the car.

I was thinking, "I truly am a very lucky man!"
