"Who next? Who next?"

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Power of Porn, Chapter 5 (MF, caution, magic, nc, impreg?, ws)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

My name's Wade. My Dad died, and I spent the next two weeks watching non-stop porn videos online, losing myself in Internet depravity until I was offered the Power of Porn. Now, the most bizarre sexual situations happen to me, as if I was living in a porno!

I lost my virginity to my little stepsister, a shoplifter fucked me so that I wouldn't call the cops on her, and then my stepmother had sex with me so that she would get pregnant. That was all yesterday. Today, time stopped at school and I had some fun fucking frozen girls in the change room.

---

I woke up from my nap, reinvigorated but hungry. I found a tuna sandwich in the teacher's lounge fridge and gobbled it down with a Diet Coke. I went to pee, and then returned to the girls' change room for more fun.

I considered the tall brunette that was still frozen in the changing room's entryway, but she was fully clothed. Still, I felt up her C-cup breasts through her shirt and bra before moving further inside.

The showers, unfortunately, weren't in use, as class had just started. However...

I bent over to look under the doors of the toilet stalls. A couple were in use, so when I saw redheaded Kimmy sitting on one of the toilets, I shimmied under to survey her condition. Her pants were off, of course, and it looked like I caught her mid-pee, the yellow stream of droplets hanging in mid-air between her nethers and the water of the bowl. Kimmy was slim and a little taller than me, with cute freckles and curly red hair that cascaded down to her shoulders. Fancy meeting you here, Kimmy!

I reached under her armpits and lifted up, but instead of her legs flopping down, they stayed bent. Also, when I let go, she stayed in midair. Amazing! No porno would ever be able to do that realistically. The girl's legs remained splayed open before me, showing off her completely shaved privates. "Nice, Kimmy..." I commented as I moved her body up against the wall of the stall, pulled her jeans and underwear away from her ankles, and pulled out my very hard cock. Then I paused...with Shelly and Parvati I had pushed some of my spit inside their pussies for lubrication, but since Kimmy was mid-pee, that idea was not to my liking. Then I considered...could I...? I moved down and waved my hard cock through the unmoving stream of pee hanging just below where she had been sitting and snickered at the warmth as it lubricated my member. Then I moved back up to the levitating girl, used my fingers to pull her pussy lips apart, and pressed the head of my now wet cock between them.

Aided by her urine, I slipped inside her easily. It seemed that Kimmy wasn't a virgin, which was fine by me. I had no idea what poor Parvati would feel from her busted maidenhead once time resumed. I pushed up the redhead's shirt and bra as I thrust into her, enjoying how her freckles continued down her chest and peppered the skin between her boobs. Her breasts were B-cups, with fantastic pink, funnel-like areolas, and her nipples were inverted! I had seen nipples like those during my two-week porn marathon, but never thought that I'd see any in real life. I took one into my mouth to suck on it, determined to get both of them to poke out before I was done. Eventually, the first one finally popped out, and I switched to the other as I thrust. I could feel the telltale tingle of my orgasm coming, but I wanted to make sure that I got both nipples, so I slowed my thrusting. Finally, after I sucked her second inverted nipple out, I buried my face into Kimmy's neck and thrust hard and fast. In no time, I felt my cum rushing up my shaft.

Shit! I quickly pulled out and spurted my cum onto her pussy, but then realized that I had done it again: with the timestop, as with Shelly before her, Kimmy's vagina remained lewdly spread wide open, so several spurts had shot right inside the frozen girl. "Goddamnit!" I swore, and grabbed the toilet paper. Luckily, the toilet was right there to dispose of the evidence, though of course it wouldn't flush away until time resumed.

I considered the hot redhead as she remained levitating against the wall of the toilet stall. It was crazy that gravity didn't affect her during the timestop, as it did me. Gravity was caused by the Earth's mass, but also its rotation, but without time, the Earth was no longer spinning, was it? Or was it still moving through space, but the timestop was more localized? I pulled out my phone, but it still showed the same time as when the timestop had begun hours ago. I shook my head...without a satellite view, there was really no way to tell until after all this was done.

I pulled Kimmy's bra and shirt back down, repositioned her sitting on the toilet again, pooled her panties and jeans around her ankles, and then clambered back out under the door. With all the masturbation and sex multiple times a day that I'd enjoyed over the last couple weeks and days, respectively, my cock hadn't gone down; I was ready to go again.

Who next? Who next? I looked over at the sinks. Bending over and wearing a short skirt was blonde Inga, a transfer student from Austria. She looked to be admiring her Germanic features in the mirror, and she was indeed pretty, with her icy blue eyes and golden hair pulled back into two braided tails. I pushed her torso forward so that her ass was raised up, lifted her skirt, and moved her black panties aside. I was about to start licking, but then saw a white string sticking out from between her vaginal lips. What the fuck was that?

I pulled her pussy lips apart and gave that string a tug. It seemed stuck, so I pulled harder, and then a bloody, cottony thing came out. I realized that this was a tampon, and Inga was on her period! Aw, man...of course, if you picked any random set of women anywhere, a few would be on their period. I was about to press the bloody thing back up inside her, but then had an idea. No blood had come out with the tampon, other than what had already soaked into it, which meant...

I pulled out my cock, a little less hard than it had been, lined it up with Inga's gaping pussy, and pressed it inside. It was slow going at first, but then I hit her period blood and easily pushed the rest of the way in using the unconventional lube. My cock was still not yet at full mast, so I pulled her tight shirt and bra up, freeing her C-cup beauties. Her skin was so pale, as were her areolas and round nipples, and I squeezed her gorgeous globes as I thrust into the frozen beauty. I closed my eyes and enjoyed her pussy, not as tight as Parvati's or Shelly's, but very pleasurable.

Thunk! Thunk! Thunk!

I looked down. Inga's face was smacking into the tiled wall with each of my thrusts! Ack! This was another problem when the person I was fucking was unable to respond, or even right themselves, as I was the sole source of potential energy in this timestopped world. I pulled her body back so that she wouldn't be injured as I sped up my thrusts. Smiling as I thought about her tampon, I moved into the short strokes and then finally thrust hard, deep inside her, as I came. "Ungh! Unhh!" Spurt after spurt of my cum blasted the frozen girl's innermost recesses, and I shuddered, ecstatic that I was finally able to cum inside one of these frozen beauties.

When I was done, I pulled out and then pushed the tampon back inside Inga's gaping pussy, where it would confine and absorb my load of sperm after time resumed, with her none the wiser. Then I moved her, like a mannequin, back to her original position, slightly bent over the sink and admiring herself in the mirror. I hissed as I noted in the reflection that the skin across the bridge of her nose was split...I hadn't been quick enough to keep her from getting injured! I thought for a moment, but then repositioned her so that her nose was pressed against the wall again. Hopefully when time resumed it would seem like she lost her balance, or fainted.

After that, I couldn't keep going. Not that I didn't want to fuck some more frozen girls, but I had made several mistakes, and I didn't know what was going to happen once time resumed. Best to stop now and see. Maybe I would be able to timestop again in the future, I thought, but there was no guarantee of this.

I wiped the blood from my penis, tried unsuccessfully to flush the toilet paper again, and then double-checked all the girls, making sure that they were as close to how I remembered them before heading back out to the hall. Standing before the vice principal again, I raised my hand and snapped my fingers.

Instantly, the mad cacophony of high school assaulted my ears once again...I hadn't missed it. "Anyway, Mr. McAuliffe, I should get back to class..."

There was a scream from the girls' change room, and then another. Mr. McAuliffe raced in, unmindful that he wasn't really allowed to go in there. I quickly headed for the other change room. Whatever the result was from my timestop encounter, it had 'happened' while I was talking to the vice principal, so there was no way that I would be a suspect.

---

During gym class, I kept glancing at Shelly and Kimmy as they ran around the gymnasium during laps, unaware that a little of my sperm was deep inside them (Wade was here!), Shelly's from hours previous and Kimmy's from a few minutes ago, using timestop logic, though both partial inseminations really occurred instantaneously in the real world just before class started. The other two girls had apparently been taken to the nurse's office, Inga for her damaged nose and Parvati for some sort of stomach issue, which was probably the lingering pain of her deflowering.

After gym class was lunch, so I headed to grab mine out of my locker. Some poor teacher would find their tuna sandwich and Diet Coke missing from the teacher's lounge fridge, but I had needed sustenance after the first round of fucking those frozen girls.

I shook my head, suddenly horrified. I had raped four girls, and possibly impregnated three of them, Inga being safe during her period. What the hell was I doing? Then I remembered that this was just a dream...sometimes in dreams you do things you wouldn't normally do, things that only the deepest, darkest parts of you would consider.

Did I want to continue this dream? It seemed to be changing me, rewarding these dark impulses with pleasurable sex. Would I come out of it the same person?

I thought about just pinching myself to wake up, but then remembered my boring life, with a dead father, no friends, and only an emotionally distant stepfamily awaiting me. In this dream I had fucked many women, and who knows what the future would hold? I resolved to keep the dream going.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)