The summer sex club continues, followed by a going-away party and two more sperm-filled mistakes.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

A Waste, Chapter 2 (MF, cons, exhib, inc, nc, impreg, safe)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

All characters are 18 years and older.

---

Friday evening, Roxy asked her dad if he was good to go twice on Saturday, once in the morning and again in the afternoon. Her group chat had lit up with horny high school graduates once Opal had confirmed Anne's experience.

Saturday morning, Travis woke up to find the sense-blocking equipment already on him and someone riding him. "What a way to wake up..." he commented, but if the girl pleasuring herself on his dick replied, he couldn't hear it. This one pulled his hands to her hips and he was happy to finally be able to interact with one of his anonymous lovers. She had flared hips, which narrowed the list down a little but not by much. Given that he had to pee, he was able to hold off cumming for a full half hour, during which she came at least four times before he grabbed her hips, pulled her down hard, and filled her pussy with hot sperm.

When he emerged from his bedroom, nobody was there. *Where you at?* he texted Roxy.

*Out w ur cum recipient* she replied back. *bck l8r*

He showered, shaved, and looked at himself in the mirror. Yep, not bad, he assured himself, though he noticed some gray hairs coming in at his temples. He wondered if he should buy some hair dye, but decided against it. 'You're only as old as the woman you feel,' some asshole had said, which meant he felt 18 years old again.

---

Travis paused the show and looked over at his daughter as they sat on the sofa. "So, are you, like, my pimp now?"

"Wha--no! Why would you even...?" Then Roxy saw the smirk. "Oh, ha ha, Dad. No money has changed hands."

"What? You don't think women would pay for a piece of this?" He lifted his t-shirt to show some definition.

Roxy blocked the view. "Ugh! Dad!"

"Too bad...was hoping you could pay for pizza tonight."

"Nope! Still on you, breadwinner."

He went to continue the show, but then stopped. "Uh...how long till the next one arrives?"

"Lemme check..." Roxy pulled out her phone, then turned so he couldn't see the screen. "We got a couple hours."

"Okay, pizza time, then." He pulled out his phone and dialed.

"Geez, Dad...you can just order online."

"Ehh, I like talking to people. Hey...good, how are YOU doing? Cool, cool..."

---

Travis lay back on the bed again, waiting. He'd only had a couple pieces of 'za so that his stomach wouldn't look bloated. He was surprised when he felt someone flick the head of his erection. "Ah!"

That hand grabbed his shaft and started jacking it. Whoever this was, she was naughty and energetic. After a bit, she clambered astride his hips but in the reverse cowgirl position so she was facing his feet. Despite the lack of oral, his cock slipped inside her without difficulty. It wasn't that she was loose, but very wet. Then she started riding him hard.

"Fuckin' hell..." he moaned. If he hadn't already had sex that morning, he probably would have popped off quickly. After a few minutes of this, he felt that she might have cum but it was hard to tell because she was moving so fast. She pulled off of him, the bed rocked a bit, and then she pulled on his arms, making him sit up and lean forward before she pulled him on top of her in the missionary position. It didn't take much effort to slide himself back inside of her well-lubricated hole and start ramming, since she obviously liked it fast and hard.

She grabbed one of his hands and brought it to a boob. He gave it an experimental squeeze and figured it was a B-cup...he wondered if this was hot blonde Jessamy...was she a freak in bed? He would never know for sure with the blinders on, but he was definitely not going to take them off to find out and risk all of this ending. He held himself up on his other elbow and continued to ram into her while he groped her breast.

Then she wrapped her legs around him and used that leverage to smash her crotch up at him until he came, collapsing upon her as he blasted her insides with his second load of the day. He felt her body shaking with her final orgasm as his calmed. When he felt her relax, he pulled out and lay back once again.

---

"How'd it go?" Roxy asked.

"Fuckin' awesome!" the blue haired, pierced-lipped Zara responded as she pulled her crop top back on. "Thanks for the ride, Rox!" The tight-bodied young woman gave her friend an air kiss and then headed off.

Roxy opened her dad's door and stopped. He was laying there with his mouth open, softly snoring. She took a moment to examine his floppy penis, which wasn't much smaller in its current state. Then she shook her head, pulled the earmuffs and goggles off of him, and turned the lights off as she left.

---

On the next weekend, Opal, nervously awaiting her period after her accident with Mr. Bell, asked to go again. This time the brown-haired, pear-shaped girl used a lubricated condom right away, which helped with getting his sizeable cock inside her tight pussy, but it definitely didn't feel as good as the first time without it. In the half hour she fucked him, she only had one small orgasm before he grunted and filled the prophylactic. After she pulled it off, she dipped her finger inside to extract some of the fascinating stuff and gave it a lick. It was kind of salty but not really her thing.

"Everything okay?" Roxy asked her friend after she exited his bedroom.

"Um, yeah...I don't think I'm gonna do that anymore, if that's okay."

"Oh! Uh, sure...did he do something wrong?"

Opal thought back to when the handsome man had filled her up with his dangerous load over a week previous and shuddered. "No, it's me." She didn't trust herself to not have sex with him without a condom again, so she'd remove the temptation.

But the damage was done. Within a day of Opal's first fuck, Travis Bell's sperm had swarmed her vulnerable egg and it had quickly yielded to the onslaught. A little later, the fertilized ovum had implanted itself in the wall of the former virgin's womb, impregnating her.

---

Weeks passed. Travis was kept very busy satisfying a gaggle of teenage girls without knowing which of his daughter's friends' bodies he had his cock inside. Sometimes he felt like a piece of meat, but then he shook his head...what man wouldn't want regular sex with hot 18-year-olds, even if he couldn't see them? There were blind people that had sex and probably didn't feel unfulfilled. He told himself that he was just being a big baby.

He had figured out when some of them visited him again, especially the one who started every session by flicking the head of his cock. She let him manhandle her, though never allowing a kiss. The one with the super tight pussy had only fucked him the once, although there was the only one who used a condom who had been pretty tight as well, but she hadn't come back either. The one with the flared hips liked him grabbing them and pulling her down hard onto his prong while he filled her up. There were others, but without sight or sound, and with his sense of touch limited to only what they allowed, he couldn't figure out any other patterns.

Whenever one of his daughter's friends came over he caught himself watching them just a little too long, trying to spot any clues to the puzzle, but he remembered Roxy mentioning that her friends didn't want him looking at them weird -- the whole point of the blinders and earmuffs -- so he stopped doing that.

"I'm putting on a 'farewell' party for you and your friends before you all head off to university, so anything special you want?" he asked his daughter.

She chewed her lip. "Booze?"

"Definitely not!"

"Aww."

"Seriously, Rox, if I get into trouble with the cops I'll lose my job."

"Okay...hmm...lemme get back to you, then."

---

"Byeee!"

"Bye..." Roxy waved as a few of her friends left the party. She missed Opal, who had rather abruptly moved to Canada to live with extended family a few weeks previous.

She closed the front door and headed into her bedroom before yelling out, "Okay, girls!"

Her remaining friends, in bathing suits, quickly met her there. Roxy reached under her bed and pulled out a tray of brownies. "Zara's brother -- you know the one -- sent her these."

Anne grabbed one. "Pot brownies?" Zara nodded. "Nice!" She quickly scoffed hers down. The other girls did the same, all but one.

"Mia?" Roxy asked Anne's cousin, another curvy 18-year-old ash blonde.

"I'm already nervous...I don't think I should..." Mia had always had a crush on Mr. Bell, so when she overheard her cousin talking about what would happen at Roxy's party, she'd asked to be a part of it.

"Okay, we'll wrap one up for you later, then. Heh, speaking of wrapping things up, or not in this case..." She stepped out of her room. "Hey, Dad!" Then she turned back. "Hide those!" she hissed, and the brownies were slipped back under her bed.

"Yo!" Travis stepped out of the kitchen, wearing a tight golf shirt and cargo shorts, and headed to Roxy's door. "My 7-layer dip is ready. What's up? Where's everyone else?" he added, noting that only four teen girls remained.

"They left so we could start the second half of the party," Roxy informed him. "For the rest of the night, you can fuck any of my friends here."

His eyes widened as they took in the smorgasbord of teenaged female flesh before him. "Oh."

"No condoms required...just take them as you like, except don't cum inside Mia," Roxy gestured toward the girl and she smiled sweetly.

"Um, Rox, I'm not a porn star. Three girls..."

She held up a little blue pill. "Take this." He quickly did so.

"Me first!" Zara called out and the fit, blue-haired girl stepped forward, flicked at his shorts where the tip of his erection was already making itself known, and then leapt onto him, wrapping her legs around his midsection.

He recognized that flick. "It's you!" After Jessamy -- who wasn't there, he noted -- Zara was probably the hottest of his daughter's friends, with her pierced lips and crazy hair colors.

"It me," she meme-sponded and kissed him, slipping her tongue into his mouth carefully to avoid messing up her piercings.

Travis stepped forward and dropped the girl onto the bed, practically ripping her bikini top off in his eagerness to devour her B-cup breasts.

"Um...are we just gonna watch?" Mia asked as Mr. Bell pulled down his cargo shorts and got in between Zara's legs.

"I guess?" Anne responded.

Roxy shrugged, her face blushing. "Unless someone wants to join me in eating some 7-layer dip." She took a step toward the door but nobody followed. She stopped, staring in awe at her father's amazing cock as it slipped inside her friend's wet pussy.

Zara rammed her hips up at Travis until she came hard. Then she pushed him onto his back and clambered astride him. Once his cock was firmly ensconced within her sexy body again, she slowed down and kissed him some more. "Couldn't do that when you were blindfolded," she revealed, "you'd have known it was me."

He looked at her pierced lips. "Right..." Then he realized that the other girls were still there, including his daughter, watching with wide eyes. He could have told them to leave, but as Zara moved upon him, he just...didn't. Instead, he moved his palms to the girl's breasts and tweaked her nipples.

"That's...really fucking big..." Mia whispered to her lookalike cousin.

Anne leaned in conspiratorially. "Yeah, but it's not so thick that it's scary...it goes in easy, and feels so damn good."

Roxy overheard this and realized that she was unconsciously rubbing her own thighs together. She quickly left the room before anyone noticed. A few minutes later, she heard Zara cum again, followed shortly by her father bellowing out his own release. Feeling very strange indeed, she went out to the pool to cool off.

Travis had a brief nap in his daughter's bed before he got up and dressed again. Feeling like a rooster in a henhouse, he went and had some chips with dip in the kitchen. Then, as he stepped into the living room, he stopped at the sight of Anne's bubbly butt sticking out as she rifled through the sofa cushions. Smiling, he unfastened his shorts and moved forward.

---

Mia had been sitting on the sofa watching TV when she felt the wrapped-up brownie slip out of her shorts pocket and fall between the cushions. She turned around to search for it, but then manly arms grabbed her and quickly pulled down her shorts, her bikini panties coming along for the ride. A moment later, she felt Mr. Bell's chemically-enhanced cock slip between her pussy lips, which were extremely wet from watching him inseminate Zara earlier. She took a breath before she felt half of his long dong press up inside her.

"Nngh!" she gasped.

Mr. Bell pulled back a bit and then pushed back in, hard. Mia felt lucky that she was already so turned on or that might have hurt. She'd had sex before, but that had been loving, romantic. This was animalistic.

She loved it. "Fuuuck..." she moaned.

He seemed to take this as instruction, and pulled back a bit before digging his babymaker all the way inside of her.

Mia's mouth gaped and she had a little orgasm upon feeling his member tap at her cervix. Then he was hammering into her again and again, the strange, penetrative sensation deep inside her causing her body to shift in and out of orgasm, as if it didn't know which way it wanted to go. "Huh...huhh..." she gasped each time he pulled back before slamming back inside. She felt his hands reach around to grab at her C-cup breasts, her bikini top pulled aside almost as an afterthought. She felt his fingers tweak at her pronounced nipples as her undulating half-orgasm ramped up a little.

His hands moved back to her hips, holding her in place as he moved to the quick strokes. Mia's arms gave out and her face was pressed into the crevices of the couch where she found the cling-wrapped brownie. 'Oh, there it is...' some small part of her mind said.

"UH!" Mr. Bell shoved himself deep inside her and she felt a hot, throbbing, insistent pressure there.

Her on-again, off-again orgasm went completely ON at the sensation of her unprotected reproductive system being flooded with a load of dangerous sperm. "NGH!" she cried into the depths of the couch. "NN-HAAHH!"

"DAD! Pull out!"

"Uh?" Travis looked up to see his daughter, Zara, and...Anne? But he was fucking Anne! His momentary confusion lasted long enough for a second burst of his potent swimmers to penetrate Mia's vulnerable depths as the girl's body shook in continuous orgasm. He quickly pulled out, but only a few small spurts remained to splash onto the curvy girl's butt. "Oh, no."

Anne stepped forward and knelt down to comfort her cousin. "Mia, you okay?"

Mia's body was shaking. "Um...umm...fuck...still cumming...shit..."

Roxy grabbed her father's shoulder. "Dad, you have to take her to get a morning after pill...right now!"

He quickly pulled up his shorts. "Right...stores'll close soon...c'mon, Mia...um, I'm sorry."

As Mr. Bell went to grab his car keys, Mia, her legs still weak, pulled her clothes on, grabbed the brownie, and stuffed it back into her pocket. Then she and her cousin Anne went with Mr. Bell to the pharmacy.

"I got you a present...this a good time?" Zara asked Roxy.

Roxy shrugged. "May as well."

"Well, don't sound too enthusiastic!"

"Zara, my Dad may have just knocked Mia up!"

Zara tilted her head. "Nah, morning after pills are solid. My Mom's used 'em. Your position as the only child is secure." She handed her a small box.

---

Travis watched as Mia swallowed the prophylactic pill and downed it with a bottle of water. "I'll take you home."

She sighed. "Yeah, that's probably best."

"Again, I'm sorry, Mia."

She shrugged. "People say I look a lot like Anne, I guess also from the back." She smiled at her cousin in the back seat of the truck's crew cab.

Anne leaned forward as Mr. Bell drove. "Made you cum hard, though, huh?"

"Oh, Jesus," Mia replied, "so hard."

Travis adjusted himself in his seat.

---

"This is awesome, Zara!" Roxy modeled her new bikini, red and black like the one Zara was wearing, though it was a larger size on her more curvy frame. "I've always worn a one-piece, but this fits me so well!"

"I had to eyeball it, but seems like I guessed right," Zara replied. "Hm?" She headed over to her phone on the counter. "Oh shit."

"What?"

"It's my brother. He says his frat bros added something to the brownies, but he doesn't know what it is." She quickly typed a reply.

"Should we barf it up?"

"It's probably too late, but he says it's not dangerous...definitely more than just pot, though." She put her phone back down and swayed. "Shit, I'm feeling kinda woozy now...can I lay down on your bed?"

"Yeah, go ahead."

---

After dropping off Mia and heading home, Anne leaned forward from the back seat. "Say, while I have you all to myself, you wanna pull over and join me back here?"

Mr. Bell gave her a grin and did so after finding a quiet cul-de-sac that was still under construction, though not at that moment.

Once they were together in the back seat, the curvy ash blonde stroking his constant hard-on, she revealed, "I was the first, y'know."

"The first?" he asked as she lowered herself onto his cock.

"Mmn...yeah, when Roxy suggested this crazy club, I was the first one. Goddamn, that hurts so good..." she moaned. Then her phone started playing the Imperial March. "Shit, I gotta take this..."

"NOW?!"

She stopped moving upon him. "It's my Mom. Shh! Yeah, Mom? What? No, I...um...okay." The phone beeped, signaling the end of the call. "Ugh, you gotta take me home right away. Hhmm..." she sighed as she pulled herself off of him.

"You're just gonna leave me hangin'?" He gestured to his turgid member.

"Sorry, Mr. Bell," she offered as she pulled her bikini panties back on, "but Mia's mom called mine and they're fucking pissed. I don't know what's been said, so..." she started texting.

"Oh shit," Travis said as he pulled his shorts up and clambered back into the driver's seat.

"Mm hm. Okay, Mia's mom saw she was acting weird, maybe drunk, and since she was with me, Auntie just assumed it was my fault. You're safe, but I have to come up with some bullshit other than her being high from getting filled up with that big dick. I'd really like my last go with you, but I can't come home smelling like sex. I'm sure Zara will help you with that again." She took one last longing look at his erection from the back seat.

Travis dropped Anne off and as he was about to pull away he noticed his hand was shaking. Shit, low blood sugar, he realized. Then he saw the plastic-wrapped brownie on the passenger side where it had once again fallen out of Mia's pocket.

---

Roxy drank some water but the floor seemed to be rolling around under her. The lights were hurting her eyes so she turned them all off before falling onto the couch in her new bikini. It was getting dark outside, but then the street lights came on. Too bright! She grabbed the throw blanket off the top of the couch and draped it over herself before losing consciousness.

Travis stumbled into his home. For some reason, he had actually gotten lost in the town he had lived in for years and night had fallen. He snapped on a light but winced and quickly turned it back off. "Rox?"

He carefully moved to her room and in the scant light coming through the window he saw a female shape on her bed. "All partied out, huh? Love you, sweetheart." He closed the door and made his way into the kitchen. What a mess. He'd clean it up tomorrow. As he looked out from the kitchen, he saw Zara's red-and-black bikini bottoms peeking out from the sofa. The girl had pulled the throw over herself, but it only covered her head and torso. Anne's voice echoed in his head, 'I'm sure Zara will help you with that.' He unfastened his belt and moved unsteadily forward.

---

Roxy had been dreaming of her father fucking her friends. He was taking a teen girl doggy style and her face morphed in her mind...first Anne, then Opal and Zara took their turns, followed by the few others from her little group who didn't stick around for the afterparty, their faces contorting in pleasure as her father serviced them with his long dong.

The face momentarily switched to Mia's, and then it was Roxy's face there, gasping as her father slid his forbidden cock inside her pussy, which had been wet since he had taken two of her friends right in front of her, one of them on her own bed. The face remained her own as she felt her father take her sleeping form.

Travis had managed to get half of his cock inside the sleeping girl. His drugged mind, combined with the cloak of darkness, made him unable to tell that this wasn't the slimmer Zara. After some additional thrusting, he was buried to the hilt inside his daughter's unprotected pussy.

"Mhng..." she moaned softly under the throw. Her mind was stuck in a loop now, unable to distinguish dream from reality as the penis that created her repeatedly penetrated her defenseless body. She was like a bystander, watching as she was taken by her handsome father. She examined her face on the other girl's body as her features shifted from discomfort to bliss to concern to euphoria, her mind fighting the idea of incest even as her overheated body enjoyed that wonderful cock as it delved more deeply within her than any of her sex toys ever had.

She reached forward to caress the cheek of the other version of her, the young woman who no longer fought the pleasure her father was giving her. Her face was exultant. As they touched, she felt a shifting of self, and then she was on the sofa, halfway under the throw as her father fucked her hard from behind. She could feel him speeding up and knew what that meant. Her own body was likewise hurtling headlong toward orgasm.

"Nuhh...nouu..." Her body wasn't fully responding. What else had been in those brownies? Her Dad was slamming into her now, huffing. She shifted to get to her knees, but in doing so, changed the angle of his thrusts, to disastrous effect.

"UHH!" he cried out.

She felt a warm throb as the tip of his cock speared into the entrance of her unprotected womb. 
"NNH!" she cried out as she came hard. Her mouth lolled open as pleasure exploded from that point, radiating out through every point in her overheated, fertile body. Spurt after spurt of her father's sperm-filled semen splashed against her spasming cervix, overwhelming that small entrance as it yielded to the insistent pressure. The way forward unbarred, the incestuous spermatozoa that made it through swam ever deeper. "HHGH! N-HH!" Roxy's orgasm continued as her father's calmed and he slowed his thrusts. Then she felt as if she was floating in a soft ocean, the waves rising and falling to the time of their synchronized breathing. Soon, she fell back asleep, a small, satisfied smile on her face as the memories of those few minutes of pleasure evaporated like a puddle on a hot summer's day, leaving only a warm feeling of contentment.

Travis pulled out, gave the girl's rounded ass a kiss, and then pulled her bikini bottoms back up, leaving her in the strange knees-up position she had ended up in. For the rest of that night, gravity soaked the remains of his dangerous load into her vulnerable cervix.

---

"Bye, Dad!" Roxy gave her hunky father a slightly too-long hug before watching him head off back home. He had insisted on driving her the two hours to her university and she missed him already.

Her period was late but she chalked it up to the stress of the move and her new life. After all, what else could it be?

'New life' was the correct answer.

To Be Continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: https://storiesonline.net/a/krosis-of-the-collective

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)