The New Rules
By SuperEvil

Chapter 37

For Samantha Rollins, or Sam as she preferred, her Feminudist life was just beginning. Being naked at the meeting had been bad enough, what with her younger brother Hank seeing her so totally exposed, but then she had been dragged by him and her mother into the big box store Red-mart. She had been exposed, naked, to countless numbers of people, including a bunch of teens around her age! The very worst of it had been when Amanda Wentworth had discovered her naked, the most popular girl and biggest gossip in her 7th grade class, and she expected her nudity would be the hot topic at school that day because of that.

Sam hadn't always been so shy about her body. It was only after she had started to develop her womanly curves a few years ago that she had become more conscious about it. Before that, she couldn't remember being bothered about how she looked. When she was little and still flat chested, she had run around without a shirt on, like one of the boys, with Adam and his friends, and her brother too, without a care. She had looked exactly like the boys up top, so why should she care? Now she was running around without a shirt on, or anything else for that matter, for a totally different reason.

She appraised her naked body in the bathroom mirror, seeing how womanly she already looked at just 13 years old. Her breasts were already B-cups and still growing. Her hips had widened quite a bit compared to her waist. And her vulva, now clean-shaven, was plump and open just slightly, especially near the top, where her clit could poke out when she got excited. She realized that there were plenty of girls that would probably kill to have a body like hers, but that still didn't help to calm her nerves about having to display her femininity so blatantly.

With a sigh and a deep breath to prepare her for what was to come today, she finished up in the bathroom and headed out to the hallway.

"Mornin' sport."

"Uh, hey dad." Sam responded by looking down at the floor beneath her. Out of anyone that had seen her naked thus far, her dad seeing her naked had been the hardest for her. This was only the second time she had seen her dad since becoming a Feminudist. "Getting ready for work?"

"Um hmmm." He nodded. "Boy, maybe I shouldn't call you sport anymore, seeing as you've grown so much." Sam could see him looking directly at her bare breasts. "Especially up top."

"Dad!!" Sam's face went bright red, and at the same time her eyes went wide. Her own father was checking out her breasts! And worse, commenting on their recent growth!

The man chuckled a little. "How 'bout I call you champ? Since you're such a champion for this Feminudism movement." Suddenly, he wrapped her up in a tight hug. "Your mom and I are so proud of you, Sam."

Sam's face was still burning just as hot, now in a naked hug with her own father. "Thanks, dad" she responded as they both let go of the hug. "Breakfast?" She asked, hoping to get out of the awkward situation she found herself in.

"Yeah! I think your mom's making waffles." He gestured towards the steps. "Lead the way."

Sam was sure she could feel her dad's eyes on her bottom the entire way, as she took the lead to the kitchen, but she didn't dare look back to confirm this for herself. It would just be too mortifying for the 13-year-old girl to know for sure that her own father was checking out her growth. Besides, there was really nothing that she could do about it. Being a Feminudist meant all of her assets were on show and would continue to be on show. She just felt like she would need to get used to it.

She wasn't even sure how her mom had reached the conclusion that she wanted to be a champion for Feminudism, but whatever the case, Sam felt way too shy to correct her mom's misnomer. Despite not wanting to be nude, she was really enjoying all the praise she was receiving from her parents.

"Smells delicious Dora!" Sam's dad headed for the stove, where her mom was cooking, while she took a seat at the kitchen table.

"Henry!" The woman practically jumped to the ceiling as she felt her husband smack and pinch her bare bottom. Just like Sam, and all the other Feminudist mother's, she was bare naked from head to toe. The man simply chuckled at his wife while he took a couple of the already prepared waffles for himself and his daughter, and joined Sam at the table.

Henry Rollins had been totally accepting of the new rules and Feminudism once his wife and daughter had explained it to him last night. He was sure his daughter could fully take care of herself and take any challenge head on, and he had always supported her in any endeavors she was interested in. This Feminudist movement was no exception. Not only that, but it would mean he would be seeing his wife naked a lot more often, which was a very big plus to him. Dora was still a looker as far as he was concerned. Svelte waist, wide hips, and a large bosom that he couldn't get enough of, that seemed to jiggle with just any slightest movement she made. Behind, she had the ass to match.

"Waffles!" The youngest Rollins child, young Henry Jr., or Hank as he had come to be known, burst into the room excitedly. He ran over and gave his naked mom a great big side hug.

"Yes, waffles." Dora said, trying to pry her 11-year-old son away from her. She couldn't help laughing at his enthusiasm, that is until one of his hands suddenly slipped in between her legs, over her sex, and her eyes went wide. "Ummm, go sit down, Hank." She squirmed nervously, unsure if her son had touched her there deliberately or not, but wanting him to stop. "I'll bring you your breakfast in a minute, ok, sweetie."

"Ok, mom." Hank scooted over to the table, a mischievous grin on his lips. Before he sat down, he eyed his naked older sister up and down with amusement. He wanted to tease her about her nudity so badly, but wouldn't dare in front of their father.

"Hey slugger." His dad greeted him, pushing the chair next to Sam out for him. He knew that this must be quite the experience for his young son, having his own mom and sister go naked, but he didn't want to make a big deal out of it. The man had grown up in a household where nudity was never a big deal, and had seen his younger sisters naked on many occasions, along with his mom naked occasionally too. It was Dora that had a taboo view about nudity up until this point, but he was glad to see that had changed. "Little League tryouts are coming up."

"I know!" Hank smiled at his dad, happily accepting the plate of waffles from his mom.

"Ah, dang, forgot my briefcase again." Henry said, scooting his chair back. "Be right back."

With his mom busy, back at the stove, and his dad absent from the room now, Hank took the opportunity to get a little taunting in at his big sister. He leaned over and whispered into her ear, "You've got to be naked! You've got to be naked!" Almost singing his words in a teasing tone to her. Then he leaned back and giggled at her with a shit eating smirk on his face.

Despite herself, Sam couldn't stop blushing about her brother's teasing. She gritted her teeth and said, "Shut up!" in a quiet tone to him. "I do not" She pouted, though wondering if that was really true. Would her parents really let her get dressed if she asked, she wondered?

"You're a Feminudist. Of course, you have to be naked!" Came Hank's reply, loud enough for their mom to hear.

Their mom had just finished making her own waffles and was coming over to join them. "What's this, Sam? You don't want to be a Feminudist any longer?"

"Weeeeell," Sam drew out the E, sucking in a little air nervously. She hated disappointing her parents, and that sad look her mom was giving her wasn't helping. "No, no. I still want to be a Feminudist, mom." She replied, immediately thinking that her answer could have been a big mistake. What if this was the one and only chance she got to get out of being naked?!

Hank was suddenly giving her a great big hug from the side. "You're so brave, Sam! No one looks better naked than you!" He sang his praises to her, though she knew that he didn't really mean it. It was all an act so that he could tease her for being naked in front of their mom. She got confirmation of that, as he let go of the hug, his hand first pinched one of her nipples on one breast, and then jiggled her other breast from underneath.

"Hank!" Sam complained, giving her brother an angry scowl.

"Hank, did you just?!" Their mom asked, in a flustered tone.

Hank turned back to his food and took another bite, saying, "Mom, it's no biggie. Some of the other boys at the meeting were telling me they get to touch their Feminudist sisters like that all the time." He gave his mom a smug grin.

"T-that doesn't sound right I think I better send a text to Mrs. Larson about this."

"Mom, that's not" Sam sighed, knowing exactly what Mrs. Larson would say. "That's not necessary. Hank's right. The boys in a Feminudist household are allowed to explore the bodies of the girls. It's to help the girls get more used to being naked" She felt her face burning, feeling like she was basically giving her brother total justification to touch her all he wanted, but what could she do? Mrs. Larson would have said the exact same thing.

"Oh, well, um" Their mom blushed deeply at the revelation. "Um, carry on then"

Emboldened by what had just been said, Hank's smile grew three times bigger as he grinned at his naked sister. He knew he could basically get away with touching her as much as he wanted now. "Mom," he whined, "I can't see Sam's pussy with the way that she's sitting. Make her turn and face me"

"Sam?" was simply all the woman said, though she seemed mortified to ask.

"But, mom?" Sam let out a whine of her own, but knew she wasn't going to get out of this. With a grumble, she turned her legs and torso to face her younger brother and spread her legs as wide as the chair. For her troubles, her brother stuck his tongue out at her before looking down at her privates between her legs with another large grin. Sam looked at her mom again, but apparently the woman had missed the boy's teasing, instead staring at her plate of waffles with a deep blush of her own, obviously embarrassed at her daughter's explicit exposure.

Hank wasn't deterred by his mom's blush. He was in fact enjoying just how embarrassed both his mom and sister seemed to be about the whole situation. Wanting to embarrass his sister even more, he reached his left hand down, and placed it high up on her thigh, smiling annoyingly at her. "Wow, Sam. Your clit is showing again"

"It is?" Sam looked down at herself, her face a deep crimson now. As if taunting her too, there was her little clit, poking itself out of its protective hood and her lower lips, with a shiny little glint on the tip because of her wetness.

"Sam, that's perfectly natural, as we talked about last night" Dora tried to make her daughter feel better, but she couldn't help squirming in her own seat, knowing she felt just as turned on as her daughter about being naked. She just hoped her children hadn't noticed. "Nudity can be exciting the first few times you experience it, but it's nothing to be ashamed about" she tried to recall some of the rhetoric she had heard at the Feminudist meeting last night.

"Hank!!" Sam suddenly complained. Her brother's hand had migrated to touching her outer pussy lips. "Mom, he's touching my! My! My pussy!" Her eyes were wide with outrage.

"Well, um, I'm sure he's just curious again. He doesn't have one of his own. Just give him some time to get a feel of it and get used to it being bare, and I'm sure he'll get bored about the whole thing soon." Their mom said, though, Hank was sure he would never get bored with this. Sam was just forced to sit there in utter mortification, while her younger brother explored her lower folds with abandon.

"What did I miss?" Henry asked, coming back in to sit at the table next to his wife, with a large grin. He wasn't able to see the other side of the table and what his son was doing to his daughter at the moment.

"Um, nothing, dear." Dora gulped, not sure how her husband would feel to know their son was exploring their daughter's private parts at this very moment. "Hank, maybe you should?"

Sam let out a little moan, interrupting her mom's words. "Mmmm! Please" she sighed, leaning her shoulders back and wriggling her hips as her brother massaged her pussy in just the way she liked it. She was getting really turned on by what her brother was doing, despite her humiliation from it. Again, her own brother was touching her privates with her mom's permission, just like in the car last night!

"I'm playing with Sam's pussy, dad!" The boy looked at his dad with an excited grin, displaying absolutely no shame for what he was doing, before focusing back on his sister's little love hole.

"You're what?" His dad asked, stunned.

"It's a part of, um, Feminudism, dear." Dora tried to explain, but she couldn't bring herself to look her husband in the eye while speaking. "So that the, um, girls can, um, feel more comfortable and confident in just their skin" Her voice trailed off as she spoke, but she could feel her nipples getting even harder at the idea, and her pussy ached, so she made a little wiggle in her seat. Her face burned, as she could see out of the corner of her eye that her husband's smile was getting even bigger.

"Is it now?" The man gave a contemplating look to his wife, rubbing his chin. "I didn't see that in the brochure last night when I was looking it over But if you say so. Spread your legs open for me then, honey."

"Henry, not in front of the child Ohhhh!" Dora let out a loud gasp as her own pleasure button was suddenly touched by her husband, unable to stop herself from melting into his touch. She had felt turned on all morning being naked in front of him, and couldn't resist him, despite her usual modesty.

It wasn't long before the ladies were cumming at the hands of the Rollins men. Both of the males wore large grins as their respective girl's hips bucked wildly, until they could take no more. Both Rollins ladies slumped over in their kitchen chairs as they caught their breath, totally spent.

"You seem a lot more relaxed now, champ." Henry commented towards his daughter as he resumed eating his breakfast. "You too, honey." He added with a smile to his wife. His wife just nodded at him, embarrassed about how far everything had gone that morning.

"Yes, dad. I think that's exactly what I needed this morning" Sam answered him, with a satisfied blush, surprising both parents, especially her mom. Then she gave her younger brother a great big hug, and a kiss on the cheek, eliciting a genuinely happy grin from the boy.


