Shawn finally meets Tom.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

I Dream of Demie 42 - Shawn-sama & Tom-kun (MF, cons, magic, mc, Mdom, nc, impreg?, viol, voy)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Previously, on I Dream of Demie:

Tom had sex with Vicky, another resident of his apartment building, but she was actually Beatrice, a ghost possessing her body. He didn't find out about her true identity until after filling her unprotected insides up with sperm.

Eros helped Patty to improve her neighbors' relationship with his hypnotic gaze, but things didn't go quite according to plan.

Shawn-sama found out about Eudora's family and started asking questions.

---

When Demie got back, I introduced her to Beatrice, who was wearing some of the leftover clothes that Kate had left behind during her hasty exit from our lives.

"Pleased to make your acquaintance," Beatrice greeted her as she curtsied, which looked odd in a t-shirt and sweatpants.

I quickly explained to Demie about the 200-year-old ghost being stuck in Vicky's body. Then I shrugged and explained Demie to Beatrice.

"A demon!" Beatrice shied back. "I will have no truck with the devil!"

I rubbed my temples. "She's not the devil. She's not really that bad, either." Then I considered...she had murdered some people when she had first arrived. But only bad people, she had told me. "Well...she's alright."

"Gee, thanks," Demie said wryly.

Beatrice still stared at the imposing demon in her human form. "If...if you vouch for her, Tom, I will abide."

I asked Demie to try to use her hypnotic gaze to get Beatrice to leave Vicky's body, but it didn't work.

"That means that she can't leave under her own power, so she wasn't lying earlier," Demie confirmed.

"But why?" I asked.

Demie shrugged. "Beats me. I actually don't have much experience with ghosts...most things that people think are spirits are actually other creatures, like pukwudgies or fae."

"They exist?" Beatrice asked, wide-eyed.

"Sure! We have a pukwudgie friend named Konnie," I told her, "and Anya the fairy." I didn't mention that Anya was Titania the Fairy Queen...best not to blow Beatrice's mind with the knowledge that Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream was real.

"Amazing," the possessed redhead breathed.

When I took Beatrice down to Vicky's apartment, we found that the door was locked. The possessed woman had left without Vicky's keys, so we couldn't get in. The apartment doors in our building didn't automatically lock behind, so it seemed that Vicky had a roommate, but no one answered when we knocked. We stuck a note on the door, but if no one called before nightfall, Beatrice would stay in Kate's old bedroom.

---

"I'm worried about them," Patty said as she looked out her window. Across the street she could see her friends Abel and Chrissie arguing through their front window. "They never fight. This is my fault."

"So fix it," Eros said over her left shoulder.

She turned her head to look at him. "Yeah...I...we can fix this, right?" He nodded.

With Eros' hypnotic gaze applied at Chrissie and Abel's front door, he and Patty were invited back into their house. Eros closed the drapes as Patty gave her commands.

There was nothing wrong with how Abel felt, so Patty knew that she would have to concentrate on Chrissie. "Why don't you like sex?" she asked her friend.

"It's never worth it...not enjoyable enough for the effort, and the mess afterward..."

"Stop," Patty told her. "You...you like sex now...it's the best feeling in the world. Nothing's better than a man's cock -- no, Abel's cock -- inside you. You love him and he loves you."

"No," Chrissie responded flatly.

Patty blinked. "No?"

"You can't command them to love each other," Eros advised her, "that's just not within the power of a demon. You can make her enjoy sex, though."

Patty looked down at her hypnotized friend. "You like sex now, right?" Chrissie nodded. "Okay, then get to it." Patty knew that loving attachment hormones were produced when people orgasmed, and those would reinforce her friends' new romantic connection. "You both need to have lots of sex from now on."

She watched as Abel and Chrissie disrobed and started fucking on the couch again, this time in the missionary position. Chrissie was much more into it this time, arching her back in orgasm as Abel thrust his cock inside her, and then again a few minutes later as he continued making love to her.

"C'mere..." Eros pulled down Patty's sweatpants and underwear, and then lifted the curvy young woman up to impale her upon his hard cock.

"Ohh..." she moaned. She loved it when Eros manhandled her with his superior strength. She watched her friends fuck as the demon had his way with her.

When she noticed that Abel was getting close to cumming himself after Chrissie's many orgasms, Patty thought about asking him to pull out, as Chrissie had said that she wasn't on the pill, but then she reconsidered. If those two had a child together, then they'd definitely stay a couple, she figured. As Abel cried out in pleasure, filling up Chrissie's vulnerable reproductive system with his dangerous sperm, Patty came as well, which also set off Eros' load.

"MMH! OHH!" Patty moaned as Eros' hot cum filled her, thanking her lucky stars that demons couldn't get humans pregnant.

---

There was a knock on the door. Being careful this time, I checked the peephole first. "Hey, Demie, it's your Mom!" I called out as I opened the door. "Hey, Eudora!"

"I'm sorry, Tom-kun."

...

I gasped, pulling a whooping breath of air into my lungs. My chest hurt like hell. I opened my eyes and found myself lying on the floor, my shoulders propped against the wall across from the entryway, a good twenty feet from the door! I looked up to see Demie and her mother grappling in the entryway, and a big overweight guy entering the apartment behind them.

"Still alive, huh?" the dark-haired young man asked as he made his way over to me. He pulled a penknife from his pocket and opened it up. "Not for long."

"Tom!" Demie yelled a warning, but then her mother surrounded her face with her hands, made huge due to her elasticized body, and pulled her to the floor. Why wasn't Demie using her own shapeshifting ability to fight back?

I was having trouble focusing, and my head rang. I realized that it must've hit the wall, and hoped that there was no brain damage.

"Tom?!" That was Beatrice, coming out of Kate's old room.

The big guy had bent down in front of me, getting the knife ready to slash across my throat. "Oh, pretty!" he said as he turned his head to behold Beatrice. "I like redheads...I'll get to you in a seco--"

"--nnnnndd..."

I saw the big guy's eyes roll up into his head as he dropped the knife. Then I looked down a bit, at the flesh-colored tendrils that had been shoved way up his nose. I looked further down and noticed that those tendrils were attached to my hand, where my fingers would be. I flexed them experimentally.

"...ddhhhgggbbb..." the big guy mumbled in response as he shook in place.

I pulled my 'fingers' back and they returned to their normal shape, except they were now covered in blood and gray matter. I turned my head and barfed.

"He commanded me to kill you!" Eudora yelled. "I can't stop!" I noticed that Demie was shapeshifting now, and they seemed to be somewhat even for power, swinging each other around the apartment, though Eudora was getting closer.

I turned to her master. "Hey, tell her to stop."

The big guy blinked, blood streaming out of his nose. "Uh?"

I took him by his shoulders and turned him toward the combating demons. "Say STOP!"

"Stahhp."

All at once, it was over, and Eudora dropped to her knees. Why was I smelling...?

"Shit!" I moved back from the big guy, who had visibly soiled his pants.

"Shit!" I said again as I saw Beatrice lying prone on the hallway floor, and I rushed over to her. "Beatrice!" I tapped her cheek and her green eyes fluttered open.

"Tom?"

"You okay?" I asked as she sat up shakily.

"I believe I fainted," she said. "That man was going to kill you!" She looked over at the big guy, who was sitting there, finger painting with the blood and vomit on the floor.

"Oh, Shawn-sama," Eudora commented as the human anime character sashayed over to her brain-damaged master. "You just couldn't let someone else have power over a demon...too dangerous, you said. You were just afraid, weren't you?"

The big guy just looked up at her, a big grin on his stupid face.

"I knew he'd do something dumb," said a new voice from the front door. A stout, heavily muscled woman in bike leathers stepped in and surveyed all of us.

"Oh, now who the hell are you?" I demanded. Her steely gaze snapped over to me. "Um, ma'am," I amended.

---

"No more arguing! You want to make this work," Patty commanded Chrissie and Abel. As one, the new couple nodded. Then Patty and Eros went back across the street. "They'll be fine now," she assured herself. "They'll fall in love, get married, have children..."

"Not necessarily in that order," Eros added.

"Um, yes, well...we've given them the boost they needed...right?"

Eros regarded her. "Of course, Patty. I think you've done a fine thing."

She nodded to herself. "Yeah? Okay, good...good. I was worried for a bit there."

"It's been a big day for you, Patty," Eros advised her. "Why don't you have a nap?"

"Yeah...good idea." Patty headed into her bedroom.

Eros opened Patty's laptop up and cracked his knuckles. It was time to continue working on his personal project.

---

"That was pretty clever, lobotomizing this idiot instead of killing him," the imposing woman told Demie as she examined Eudora's master. "That way your mother remains topside."

Apparently she hadn't arrived in time to see that I had actually done the deed, however that had happened. I quickly wiped my bloody fingers on my already blood-covered shirt. "Um, family meeting?" I asked Demie and her mother, ushering them into my bedroom.

As the door closed, I asked Eudora, "Is Beatrice going to be okay out there with Gina Carano?"

Eudora tilted her pretty anime head. "Who? The Enforcer won't harm an innocent. Now, how are you still alive, Tom? My punch should have either caved in your chest or stopped your heart. Not that I'm complaining..." she sexily rubbed her hand over my chest, making me wince...there was going to be a big bruise.

I looked at Demie. She nodded and I started explaining, "Something weird happened involving a soul protection spell..." I thought for a moment. "Oh, no, I guess it started with Demie's summoning, which I fucked up..." We told Demie's mother everything, from our Voltron moment fighting Eros/Eroji, to the spillover of Demie's powers into me, which seemed to depend on my emotional state. Apparently I got shapeshifting when I was afraid, or maybe under attack.

Actually, thinking back, I realized that this wasn't the first time. When the biker I called Man-Mountain had kicked me on our road trip to find Eros the first time, the result should have been at least some broken ribs, but I was mostly fine by morning.

"You can't tell The Enforcer about the failed summoning," Eudora advised us. "She'll send both of you straight to Hell."

Then Beatrice screamed. We rushed out of the bedroom to find The Enforcer standing menacingly before the possessed woman, a glowing sword extended toward her.

"Whoa! Whoa!" I yelled. "What's going on?"

The Enforcer slid her eyes over to me, making me feel as small as a mouse. "This woman is possessed by a spirit. I'm going to send it on to the afterworld."

"Tom?" Beatrice squeaked.

I stepped forward. "How's a sword going to do that without hurting Vicky...uh, the host?"

She looked back to Beatrice and leaned forward. "I just have to touch her with my holy blade. It won't hurt the host."

"Will it hurt the spirit?"

Her steely gaze flicked back to me. I had my answer.

I sidled closer to Beatrice...I didn't want The Enforcer to think that I was a threat. "Look, Beatrice has tried to leave Vicky's body, but for some reason she can't. That must mean that she has, um, unfinished business, right? What'll happen if you send her to the afterworld like that?"

The imposing brunette paused. "She'll go to Purgatory for eternity."

"And if she takes care of her unfinished business?" I put my hand on Beatrice's shoulder and squeezed. Her hand came up to touch mine.

In a flash, The Enforcer sheathed her blade into the scabbard on her back and stood back in a relaxed pose. "She'll go to Heaven or Hell, depending on her life choices. You're right...I will wait." She gave me a measured look. "What is your name?"

I held out my hand. "Tom...and thank you."

"Hmp." She turned and headed over to Eudora and Demie.

"You okay?" I asked Beatrice.

She hugged me tight. "This has been a very exciting day. Can you please take me to bed?"

I made sure to just tuck Beatrice in, with only a little kissing...well, and necking...and boob play...anyway, I went back out to the living room after a few more minutes.

"Where's Eudora?" I asked Demie and The Enforcer.

"Taking 'Shawn-sama' to the hospital," Demie informed me. "Gotta make sure he doesn't die from his brain scrambling, 'cause then she'll go back to Hell."

"Oh, right." I looked over at The Enforcer, who had made herself comfortable on the couch, with her scabbarded blade leaning against it. "Can I get you something?" I asked her. "Beer? Scotch? Motor oil?"

She tilted her head, looking amused. "A beer, thanks."

As I handed her a can, I asked, "So can I ask what an Enforcer is?"

The imposing woman popped the can and took a long pull, but didn't answer.

Demie spoke up. "There are rules that govern Hell's and...the other place's...effect on Earth. Demons can only arrive through the efforts of willing summoners, but they're bound by The Deal. If someone breaks that, or circumvents it, an Enforcer...well, enforces the rules and takes care of the problem."

"Which involves that holy sword, I imagine," I ventured.

The Enforcer gave me a grim, toothy smile. She was actually not bad looking when she wasn't scowling.

I sat down between them. "So why are you here?" I asked The Enforcer.

"I'm looking for Eros...somehow he's broken or bypassed The Deal." She took another gulp of beer.

"Eros! We're looking for him as well. He killed a friend of ours and kidnapped my brother," I advised her.

She narrowed her eyes at me. "Why would he kidnap a human? That's unexpected."

"Well, not so much human, as a changeling duplicate of me, but it's like having a brother."

She sat up. "Changeling? Wait...was Eros at the Snuggle Bottom Bed & Breakfast?"

Demie and I looked at each other. "Yeah, we were all there...Eros was playing one of his deadly games with us, but Demie cut his head off."

The Enforcer sat back. "I had to burn a mass of primal matter there...so he was a disembodied head when he kidnapped the changeling?"

"We didn't see it happen, but Eros didn't have a body, yeah," I informed her.

She leveled her gaze at me. "Sorry, but your 'brother' is dead."

My stomach dropped away. "What?"

"Changelings are made of primal matter, same as demons. Eros would have taken over the changeling's body, which would have destroyed his personality."

"Shit."

The big woman grabbed her beer for another pull.

I turned to Demie. "You didn't know about this primal matter stuff?"

She shrugged. "Sorry...guess I'm not high enough in the hierarchy to know about that."

"No reason you would be," The Enforcer told her. "You haven't had a child yet."

Now my head was on a swivel, back to The Enforcer. "Right, Demie has a mother, so demons can have children..." Back to Demie. "...but you said demons couldn't create life."

Demie was looking frustrated, and shrugged. "I don't know! Guess you need to ask my mother."

The Enforcer guffawed. "She won't talk; it's a closely guarded secret."

So that was that...no answers, other than that Otie was dead. I needed a new topic, and turned back to The Enforcer. "So what can I call you? Ennie?"

She frowned. "We give up our names when we die and become Enforcers. Just call me that."

"You're...dead? But not a ghost."

She finished the beer, crumpled the can like paper, and rose to her feet. "Something in between. Here's my number." She dropped a black business card on the coffee table. "Call me if you find out anything about Eros. It seems that he's somehow hiding his energy from me." Then she grabbed her sword and left.

"You want me to shapeshift into her and then we can fuck?" Demie asked me with a grin.

"That's...really tempting," I responded carefully, "but I get the feeling that she'll know and then come back to cut my dick off."

"We can still fuck, though, right?"

"Hell yeah! Start runnin', slave!"

"Eek!" Demie mock-yelled as her clothes disappeared, and then she ran into my bedroom, with me close after her.

I tackled her to the bed. "Horns and tail," I commanded her, and her skin became dark red as those demonic features became apparent. I didn't like her hooves and lower leg hair, so she kept her legs human-ish. I grabbed her tail and gave it a yank.

"Yow! Careful there, cowboy!" she cried out.

I gave her ass a swat and quickly pulled off all my clothes. In a flash, I was behind her again.

She turned and gazed back at me with a maudlin look. "You almost died...again...dummy. Ungh!"

I had shoved my hard cock inside her wet pussy, using her tail for leverage. "I'm...not...going...anywhere!" I grunted as I thrust into her repeatedly.

"Fuck...fuuck..." she moaned.

I leaned forward to take her pointed earlobe between my teeth, making her hiss. "Fuck...me...harder..." she gasped as I did my absolute best.

As with all good things, though, I eventually reached my end. "Fuuuck!" I grunted as I filled her hellish insides with my sperm.

"Cumming!" she bellowed as she felt me pump her full of my seed. "Uhh! Uhhh!" I felt her pussy practically sucking the load out of my shaft as she orgasmed, and with her shapeshifting powers, I guessed that was probably what was actually happening.

Finally, I pulled out and flopped onto my back. Demie snuggled into my shoulder, strangely attentive...she had been like that since I had taken the initiative in the bedroom a few nights ago.

"You sleep," she advised me. "I'll keep you safe." And I slept.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)