Tomboy
bySlickman©

Tomboy Ch. 03

Tina tried to waste as much time as possible eating breakfast and cleaning up her mess on the table. She actually read the morning newspaper all the way instead of just the comics but had finally had reached the point where she had to go upstairs. With her ear on the door she first thought Jo and Tom had fallen back asleep until she heard him moan and her giggle. Shit they had been at it for over two hours now.

Another hour was gone as she moved into her room and showered. She took her time combing her hair and even putting on nail polish. "That's it," she said aloud as she moved down the hallway and tapped on her parent's bedroom door.

"Hey you two," she said, "are you taking a break to eat?" She didn't hear anything so she knocked louder and yelled, "I'M COMING IN!" She waited a minute and opened the door. On the bed was a large mound of bed covers and sheets. She walked over and saw Jo's foot sticking out. "HEY! YOU TWO HAVE TO TAKE A BREAK!" she yelled as she shook the bare foot. Jo stuck her head out and smiled.

"Never! I'm staying under here my whole life," she giggled and pulled the sheet over her again.

'Well, you might not like it when my parents come home tomorrow and climb in with you two," Tina laughed.

"Do we have too?" Tom asked from underneath the covering. His mouth was moving back and forth on Jo's nipples like a windshield wiper.

"Yes," Tina laughed. "Come on out and take a quick shower and I mean quickly. I have to wash the sheets."

"You're a party pooper," Jo said as she tossed off the sheets and climbed from the bed totally naked. Tom was right behind her as they ran into the bathroom.

"When do I get some action?" Tina asked. Although others had thought she was not a virgin she really was and was anxious to loose that distinction.

*****

"Where have you been?" Grandma Bell asked Tom as he dragged himself through the front door.

"Billie's," he lied.

"Is that so?" she grinned. "Well, Billie stopped by here an hour ago and wanted to know if you wanted to shoot some hoops with him."

"I....a," he stuttered.

"I hope you weren't with that hussy," she said as she walked away from him.

"No Grandma it was the hussy's sister," he thought.

Tom made it downstairs and dropped hard on the sofa for some rest. For almost four hours Jo and he experimented in everyway they could think of. It was the first time in his teen life he could not have a hard-on if a beautiful naked woman stood before him. He quickly fell off to sleep.

*****

Only Karen was home when Jo walked slowly into her house. "Hi," she grinned at her twin sister.

"It must have been a good party," Karen said. She looked to see the shoulder strap of her dress hanging down her sister's arm.

"The party was not so great but what happened later was," Jo smiled.

Karen dropped the Glamour Magazine she was reading. "Oh no, you didn't do it before me. Tell me you are still a virgin."

"Sorry," Jo lied. "I tried to hold back but he was just too hot."

"Tom of course," Karen said as she remembered his long penis. "I'm surprised you can still walk."

"It's not easy," she laughed as she pretended to fall.

"I can't believe my Tomboy Sister got laid before me," Karen said with her face in her hands. "Was it good?"

"The first thirty minutes was not so great but the next three and one half hours were fantastic."

"YOU DID IT FOR FOUR HOURS!"

"She did what for four hours?" Their mom asked as she walked into the house from the garage.

Jo gave Karen a dirty look. "Basketball," she lied.

"So what, I've seen you down at the park all day before."

"Shooting foul shots," Jo said adding to her lie.

"Oh," her mom said as she moved to the kitchen counter setting down a bag of groceries. "Will you two bring in the rest of the bags from my trunk?"

"Would you do it?" Jo begged her sister. "I'm too tired."

"Hell no," Karen said visibly upset.

Jo tossed down her purse and walked slowly into the garage.

*****

School was starting the next day so Tom spent most of the time getting his school supplies all lined up. He had called Jo three times but her mom said she was still asleep. It was almost four o'clock when she finally called him back.

"Hi," she said. "Sorry I didn't call you back sooner."

"That's ok; I guess I tired you out huh?"

"No, I tired you out," she laughed. "My parents are home."

"Mine too," he said realizing they really didn't have a good place to be alone. "Do you want to shoot some hoops?"

"I was hoping to do something else," she giggled.

"Why Jo, I thought hoops was your number one love," he joked.

"It was until you came to town," she said. "Meet me at the park in fifteen minutes."

"OK," he said as he hung up. GRANDMA DO YOU HAVE ANY VITAMINS THAT I CAN TAKE?" he yelled at her in the next room.

"Quit shouting I'm not deaf," she said as she walked past him to the kitchen. "Here," she said while handing him a bottle of One-A-Day Vitamins for Seniors.

"I can't take these. These are for old people," he laughed.

She smiled. "You are a senior right?"

"Yes, but..." he laughed. "You got me on that one."

"Now why does a young man like you suddenly want vitamins?" she asked with a sly grin.

"I think you already know," he whispered as he kissed her on her cheek. He grabbed the vitamins and ran into the kitchen for a glass of water.

"I do," she smiled. "I just don't know which girl."

*****

Tom made it to the park just as a few young kids were leaving. He looked around for Jo but did not see her.

"Over here," he heard her voice. He glanced around the bleachers and saw her leaning up against a small building used to store the park equipment and supplies.

"What are you doing back here?" He looked down to see her wearing a skirt. "I thought we were going to shoot hoops?" She did not have a basketball.

"No, I just said to meet me at the park," she smiled. She pushed open the door to the small building and walked inside. "Are you coming in?"

"I thought you were gay," he joked as he moved by her to allow her to close the door behind him. He refocused his eyes in the dim light and saw some bags of ground cover in the corner where Jo was now sitting.

"If I was gay I would not be doing this," she laughed as she reached up under her dress and pulled down the skimpy white panties. She twirled them on her finger. "Or this?" She tossed the panties on the bag next to her and leaned back as she pulled up the short skirt. When her glistening blonde bush appeared she stopped.

"Do you think it's safe to do this here?" he asked. He moved forward and then down to his knees in front of her knees.

"Yes," she said as her legs opened wide to allow his face between them. Of all the sex so far the oral sex he did on her was the absolute best.

"Tell me when to stop," he laughed.

"It will be a while," Jo moaned as his tongue licked up her dripping slit. She closed her eyes while running her fingers through his long dark hair. Right now her scholarship to college did not enter her mind. Only his tongue and his love for her mattered.

"Stop," she said which surprised him. He moved back and looked at her. She giggled. "I was hoping for something bigger than your tongue."

"Oh," he laughed. "I think I have just what you want."

Jo watched as he stood up and unzipped his fly. She moved onto her back on the soft bags and waited for him and his weapon to mount her. Her muscular legs wrapped around his hips as he slowly pushed deeply inside of her.

"Oh Tom," she moaned as he completely filled her up. Some other kids came into the park to shoot but were far enough away not to hear Jo's final cry of pleasure.

*****

It was dark when Jo and Tom left their sex shed. "Do you want to come by my house tomorrow morning at 8:00AM to walk to school with me?" Jo asked.

"Yes, but our secret will be out when everyone sees us together," he said as he kissed her one last time that day.

"Good, I don't want any of the girls get any ideas about stealing you from me," she laughed.

"See you in the morning," Tom said as they parted. Jo blew him a kiss.

*****

"Come on let's go," Karen said to her sister as they waited on the steps of their house.

"I'm waiting for Tom," Jo said smiling.

"God, this is so sickening. I never thought you would ever act like this."

"You're just jealous," Jo grinned. She saw Tom turn the corner and waved.

"Whatever," Karen grunted as she took off. She didn't want to be seen with the two lovebirds.

"Hi," Jo said as she dropped her books and hugged him into her body.

They kissed for a minute until he pushed back. "We have to get to school you know." He looked down at the plaid skirt she was wearing. "I just can't get used to you wearing a skirt not even a school uniform."

"Don't you like it?" she teased as she twirled around not caring if the skirt moved above her plain white panties.

"Geez Jo, be careful. We are in front of your house."

"My parents are already gone. Why don't we go inside?" She giggled.

"We have to go to school," Tom said as he turned and walked ahead of her. This was not the same girl he had met a few weeks ago.

"Wait up!" she yelled.

*****

Ellis waited in the parking lot behind a big white van for Tom. He woke up at the party Saturday evening with a large knot on his head and remembered how the new hick boy pulled him off of Jo's body before he could enter her. It was revenge time and he didn't care if he got kicked off the team or not. Finally around the corner he saw Jo and Tom walking towards him.

"Hey asshole," Ellis said as he jumped out in front of him. "I think you owe me an apology."

At first Tom was startled but quickly calmed down. "Ellis I don't want to get into this with you right now. If you want to meet at the park later I'll gladly do it."

"Fuck off Ellis," Jo said as she stepped between the two boys. She pushed Ellis until his body crashed back against the van.

"Stay out of this bitch," Ellis said as he moved forward and looked her eye to eye. "This is between Tom and I."

"Not really," Jo smiled just before she brought her knee upward into his groin. She got him directly into his balls.

"OH FUCK!" Ellis cried out as he grabbed his nuts. "OH SHIT!" He curled over into a ball.

"Come on," Jo said to Tom as she grabbed his hand and pulled him into the school.

"Jo, I don't need you to fight my battles," he said embarrassed that he had not handled Ellis.

"You forget that he was about to rape me on Saturday night?" she said as she kissed him on the cheek. "The office is down that way. See you at lunchtime."

Tom knew now he would have to watch his back and also knew the word would be out that Jo fought his battles. He moved into the office and saw Father Tim waiting for him. "I've got all your paperwork ready. Practice is after the last class."

"Thank you Father," Tom said. There were some quirks for being on the team.

By the time he got out of the office the homeroom period was over and most of the first period. He knocked on the door of the classroom and a gorgeous teacher opened the door. "You must be Tom," she said smiling. "Come on in." Word was already around the school that Jo Thompson had a boyfriend and it was the new boy handsome from the sticks.

Tom walked in and saw Billie by the window who waved for him to sit next to him. He sat down embarrassed that everyone was looking at him and whispering.

"I heard Jo kicked Ellis in the nuts this morning." Billie whispered.

"How did the word get around so fast?" Tom whispered back.

"You forget this is a Catholic School. The news is very fast."

Tom shook his head and looked at the teacher. On the chalkboard was her name, Ms. Lockett.

Suddenly the girl in front of him turned around. "Hi."

Tom realized it was May who he had almost fucked at the party. "Hi," he replied.

Tom was lucky because Billie was in most of his classes. The rest of the morning went pretty good however the class before lunch had both Jo and Ellis in it.

"Sit by me," Jo whispered when he walked into the room. Tom noticed Billie walk to the back of the room.

"I think I'm sitting in the back," he said hoping she would not be mad. About half way through the class he got a note from Ellis. "Does Jo fight all of your fights?"

Tom crushed the note in his palm and tossed it into the garbage can next to Ellis. He just smiled.

*****

Tom followed Billie into the large lunchroom and saw the other guys on the team sitting alone in the corner. After they moved through the food line they headed to the long table.

"He's not invited," Calvin said to Billie.

"Bullshit," Billie said to the team captain. "You have no idea what went down at the party so shut the fuck up." It was the first time anyone had stood up to Calvin before.

Calvin looked as shock as the rest of them. He turned to Ellis. "What happened, Ellis?"

"Nothing," Ellis lied. "He got pissed because his bitch wanted me to fuck her."

Tom dropped his tray on the table and lunged across but Ellis jumped back. "Lying asshole."

"What's going on over here?" Father Tim asked as he walked over to stop whatever was going on.

"Nothing father," Tom said cooling down.

"Well whatever it is you better resolve it before practice today," Father said looking suspiciously at Ellis. He knew Ellis had a shady side to him.

"Yes Father," Ellis said looking down.

Tom sat down in front of his food tray and dared anyone to ask him to move away. Billie sat down next to him and they did not speak to anyone else.

About 15 minutes later Jo walked over and sat down next to Tom. "You ok?" she whispered.

"Jo not now," Tom said. He didn't want the other guys to think Jo would take up for him. "Meet me outside in the hall in five minutes."

"Ok," she said smiling. For the first time Jo had a boyfriend and the other girls were envious.

*****

"What happened?" she asked Tom when he came out.

"Ellis lied to the team about what happened Saturday night," Tom said. "I was going to kill him."

"Thanks," she grinned. A boy had never stood up for her before. "Can I see you after school?"

"We have practice."

"That's at four. We will have fifteen minutes."

"I better not. I need to get dressed and do some warm-ups. I'll see you after practice." Tom looked around and leaned in to quickly kiss her. A couple of freshmen girls walked by and giggled.

*****

Tom walked into the locker room and saw John who motioned for him to come over by his locker. "Use this one," he said smiling. At least Tom had two friends on the team.

Ellis came in and glanced Tom's way but quickly got dressed and went out onto the gym floor.

"Over here," Father Tim said to the boys in the center of the court. "From now on this team is a family. If you don't want to be a family then leave right now." He glanced at Ellis who looked away. "Calvin work with Tom on our offensive plays for the next half-hour. The rest of you run some sprints. On the line," he said smiling.

Tom and Calvin walked over to the other basket. "We basically do a four man motion offense with the big man in the middle. Paul moves along the baseline to get open and if we have an open shot we take it. I hear you can shot the ball."

"Some," Tom said modestly.

"Well right now we can use you because the other teams constantly double-team me." Calvin bragged. "If you can knock down a couple of shots maybe I can get some space."

Tom smiled because he had the same problem back in Clarkton. He was constantly being double-teamed. For the next thirty minutes Calvin showed Tom how the motion offense worked and told him they always play zone except for when the other team takes the ball out from under their basket. It was basically what he was used to at Clarkton.

"OK," Father Tim said. "On Friday night we play Trinity Catholic who embarrassed us at their gym last month. They are in first place and we are tied for second. We need this game if we have any hope of winning our conference." He broke the team up and put Tom on the second unit and as bad luck would have it he had to guard Ellis.

"Get ready for me to kick your ass," Ellis said smiling as they lined up for the tip.

"Bring it on," Tom smiled back.

Tom realized quickly that there was a large drop of talent from the first team to the second team. Calvin, Billie and John handed themselves very well and within minutes the first team was leading 8 to 0. Tom had not tried a shot.

"What's wrong country boy? Can't play with the city kids?" Ellis laughed. As Ellis made his smart-ass remark Tom cut in front of him and swiped the ball. He drove into the hoop uncontested. Tom only smiled at Ellis as they ran back down the floor.

"Nice steal," Billie commented as he dribbled up to Tom. Billie whipped the ball over Tom's reach to a cutting John who stuffed the ball into the hoop.

"Nice pass," Tom said to Billie as they went the other way.

Ellis was now in Tom's face as he tried to get open for a pass. He was also grabbing and pushing every chance he had. If it were a real game he would have fouled out by now. Tom figured he could do the same as he pushed Ellis to the left and moved around him to the right. He got the pass at the top of the key and immediately shot. The ball hit nothing but net. Score: Starters 8, Tom 5.

The second team realized quickly that Tom was the scorer so they kept feeding him the ball every chance they got. He hit another three from the corner and a break away lay-up on another steal. Score: Starters 15, Tom 14.

"You should try some teamwork," Ellis jabbed at him when he shot up another three that bounced around the rim before falling out.

"You should try to score," Tom laughed. So far he had held the asshole scoreless.

Calvin could see Tom getting all the attention and suddenly started to force up shots. He missed four shots in a row and when Tom fed another kid on a breakaway suddenly the second team was winning.

Suddenly Father Tim blew his whistle. "Tom, you and Ellis switch teams."

Tom smiled and pulled off his shirt to be skins while Ellis groaned as he put on his practice shirt.

"It didn't take you very long," Billie laughed as he moved to the starters who were going back on defense.

Tom knew he would make a better impression on Calvin and the rest of the team if he did all he could to get balanced scoring. On the next trip down the court on offense Tom caught the ball at the top of the key and instead of hitting his favorite three-pointer tossed the ball to John who had cut under to rebound. The ball hit John in the back because he was not expecting it. "Sorry," Tom said as he hit his chest with his fist. "My fault."

"No, it was mine," John said as they ran back on D. "I should have expected it."

At 6'3" Tom had little trouble guarding Ellis who tossed up two air balls in a row. He could see the other boy getting really frustrated.

Father blew the whistle again. "Take a ten minute break."

Tom followed the starters to the large water bottle and took some sips. He was not in playing shape because of the move to the city and was still tired from his hot session with Jo at Tina's house. He sat down next to John. "Next time I get the ball at the top of the key look for an ally-op."

"Sure," John said smiling. Normally the offense did not include him in a lot of plays.

Tom noticed the door to the other side of the gym was slightly open so he moved over and peeked inside. The girl's team was also scrimmaging and he noticed Jo right away. She could handle the ball better than anyone he had ever seen and that included boys. She blew by one girl and cut to the right while throwing a behind the back pass at Tina who was cutting the other way. The ball was right on target and Tina made an easy lay-up. Suddenly they all stopped and looked his way.

"It's him," one girl said.

Jo didn't know what all the commotion was about until she saw Tom's face looking through the open door. She smiled and ran over to him. "Hi, how's it going?"

"JO!" the girl's coach yelled. "Get back into the game."

"Gotta go," she giggled as she ran back onto the court. She was watching Tom when the girl she was guarding dribbled around her and made a lay-up. The next time down the court Jo shot up an air ball. Suddenly Miss All-America was the worst player on the team.

Tom could see he was distracting her and quickly closed the door.

*****

After practice Tom and Billie walked from the locker room and found Jo and Tina waiting for them.

"We were wondering when you were coming out," Tina said. "Another minute and we would have come in after you."

"I'm sure Father Tim would have liked that," Billie laughed.

"No, but you would have," Tina giggled.

"Do you guys want to come over to my house?" Jo asked as they walked towards their street.

"Sure," Billie said. He had wanted to get Tina alone again. "Ok with me," Tom smiled.

"How was your first practice?" Jo asked Tom. They were now holding hands.

"Good," he said not wanting to make a big deal.

"Good!" Billie repeated. "Great, Tom was beating the starting team by himself until Father switched him with Ellis."

Jo smiled and leaned up to kiss him. All she could think about in school today was getting Tom alone in her house before her parents came home.

None of them said much as Jo led them up to her room and closed the door. "My sister will probably be home soon so try not to make too much noise."

"Do you want us to go to another room?" Tina asked when she saw Jo lead Tom to the bed. She wanted to get Billie alone.

"We only have about thirty minutes," Jo said as she pulled Tom to lie next to her. "You two are better off in here." She knew Karen would not bother them in her room.

Tina smiled at Billie as she moved down on the large circular rug in the middle of the floor. She sat down and leaned back on her hands. "Coming down?"

Billie gulped and moved slowly down next to her. He wondered how far she would let him go. He quickly found out when her arms pulled him down on top of her and their lips pressed hard together.

Jo's fingers searched between their bodies until she found the zipper on his pants. She jerked it down and fished her hand inside to pull out his long hard shaft. Since he was turned away from Tina and Billie they could not see what she was doing.

Tom wished he were alone with Jo because they could get naked and do whatever they wanted. Now he had to hide his hand as it moved to her bare knee and then up under her plaid skirt. Her legs opened to allow his fingers to easily find her damp crotch and to slide under her panties into her wet pussy.

"I want you to fuck me," Jo whispered in his ear.

"Now?" he whispered back. "In front of Tina and Billie?"

"I'll keep my skirt on and sit on you," she giggled.

Right then all shyness and reasoning went out the window. Tom's body wanted one thing right then. He moved to his back at the same time she lifted her hips to push down and off her panties.

Tina kept peeking to see if they would do it or not. She hoped they would so Billie would be brave enough to do it with her. She smiled when she saw Tom's hard on and Jo removing her panties. There was no doubt they were going to fuck.

"They are going to do it," Tina whispered in Billie's ear while his fingers caressed her ass through her skirt. Billie turned and looked just as Jo's body moved onto Tom's. As she slid down his cock and leaned forward her short skirt slid up her white buttocks. From his angle he watched Tom's hard prick slide into Jo's blonde pussy. If his penis was not hard enough it was now.

"Let's do it," Tina whispered as she sucked on his earlobe.

"Really?" Billie asked like he had hit the jackpot. "They will see us."

"So we are watching them," Tina giggled. "Take off my panties."

Those were the sweetest four words a girl had ever said to him. He moved to his knees and reached up under the green plaid skirt to find Tina's skimpy underwear. He pulled them down and looked at her neatly trimmed bush and then her pink glistening pussy.

"Hurry," Tina said looking at the clock. Jo's parents would be home in fifteen minutes. She had touched Billie's bulge at Tom's house and knew he was pretty big. Not as big as Tom but big enough for her virgin hole. Her legs were open in anticipation as Billie pushed down his slacks and boxers. He aimed his hard-on at her opened slit and pushed down with his hips.

Jo's bed was now squeaking and bagging against the wall as Tom pounded his shaft in and out of Jo's warmth. Her mouth was locked onto his and her skirt was now high over her ass. She knew Billie could see everything but didn't care.

"Easy," Tina moaned as she felt her gate unlock for him. She took a deep breath. "OK give me more."

Billie did as she said. When she said stop he did and when she said more he did. Pretty soon he was buried all the way into her.

"Fuck me Billie," Tina giggled into his ear as she followed Jo's lead by wrapping her legs around his hips.

Tom heard Tina's moan and glanced down to see her opened legs around Billie's hips. He had thought they were both virgins so he got to see them lose their cherries.

"WHAT IS GOING ON IN THERE?" Karen yelled at Jo's door, which was locked.

"GO AWAY!" Jo yelled. She was on the edge of climaxing.

Karen remained silent with her ear pressed against the door. She could hear more than one girl moaning and more than one boy grunting. Her fingers moved down under her schoolgirl skirt until she pressed her damp panties into her hot grove. She imagined it was Tom between her legs as she masturbated.

Being the first time for Billie he couldn't stop himself when he came. "UHHH...OHHH!"

Tina felt his hot juices fill her now experienced hole and hung on while he kept pumping into her to empty the fuel hose.

"NOW TOM NOW!" Jo screamed. She tried to be as loud as she could for Karen's benefit.

Tom smiled as he held out as long as he could. He heard Jo's screams and kept pushing in and out. Soon she started screaming again. "OH GOD IT"S HAPPENING AGAIN!" Her body exploded for the second time. Now it was his turn. He bit his lips to keep quiet.

"Did you...you know?" Billie whispered in Tina's ear.

"Kind of," she giggled. "I'll know for sure next time."

"Next time?" Billie repeated with a big smile.

"Sure, you want to don't you?" Tina whispered.

"Yes, oh hell yes."

The four got dressed quickly and when Tina pulled the door open Karen came tumbling into the room. She crashed down onto the thick rug, which caused her school skirt to fall up over her waist. Her hand was still pushed down into her flowered panties. "OH!" she cried as she quickly removed her hand and pushed down her skirt.

"I hope it was as good for you as it was for me," Tina laughed. They moved out of her room and down the stairs.

*****

Grandma Bell tried to nap that evening while watching Tom Selick reruns but the phone keep ringing. They all wanted to speak to Tom but wouldn't leave their names. Finally she answered, "Tom's not here call back later."

"Grandma, it's me Tom," he said. "What's going on?"

"I'll tell you what's going on," she started, "the phone has not stopped ringing. A bunch of girls want to talk to you."

Tom laughed. "Tell them I'm taken." He glanced over at Jo who smiled back at him.

"I'll not be your love manager," she laughed. "If they don't stop calling I'm giving them your cell phone number."

"No please!" he begged. "I'll stop and get you a box of chocolate covered cherries."

Granny Bell smiled. "You know how to warm an old girl's heart don't you?"

"Yes," he laughed. "I called to tell you I'm eating at Jo's house tonight."

"Ok, but don't take too long getting me that candy."

"I won't."

*****

Tina and Billie left and Tom had dinner with Jo's family. Karen kept smiling at him and brushing her leg against his under the table. He moved over as far as he could because he knew Jo would take her out if she knew what was happening.

"It's good to have a friend of Jo's over for dinner," her mother said looking at Tom.

"Ma, I've had friends over for dinner before," Jo blushed.

"You know what I mean," her mother said.

"Your cooking is very good ma'am," he replied.

"He called me ma'am," the mother replied. "Why aren't the rest of your friends so polite?"

"He's from Clarkton mother," Karen jumped in. "They are polite in the sticks." Her shoeless foot was now rubbing up and down his calve.

Jo could see something was going on under the table because Tom kept moving his chair away from Karen. When Karen looked the other way she peeked down and saw her sister's foot touching Tom's leg. Suddenly Jo kicked her foot hard until it smacked against Karen's leg.

"OUCH!" Karen cried out. "She kicked me!"

Their father glared at Jo. "Dad she was putting her foot where it didn't belong."

"When will you two ever stop fighting?" he asked.

"We don't fight dad," Jo laughed. "She does something stupid and I let her know about it."

After dinner Jo and Tom went up to her room to do their homework. Tom had his books out and was lying on the floor when he felt Jo's fingers moving up his leg. He turned and smiled. "You parents are home and I have to complete this reading."

"The door is closed and you can keep on reading," she giggled. Her fingers moved up under his short until she caressed his balls under his boxers.

"How can I read if you do that?" he smiled. Her finger moved off his nuts and up his quickly hardening shaft. "Or that?" He dropped his book and fell onto his back.

Jo swiftly unsnapped his shorts and lowered his zipper. She pulled the one-eyed snake out of its confinement and stroked it slowly until her lips pecked on the spongy crown.

"Ohhh," he moaned trying to keep as quiet as possible.

"If you want to read I'll quit," she teased.

"No please don't stop," he begged. He peeked down at the short blonde hair on her head as she moved her mouth as far down as possible and then slowly very slowly back up. This was only her second blowjob on him and she was getting better and better at it. She held his shaft up in her tiny hand and licked up and down the sides like it was her all-day sucker.

"I wish I could fuck you," she whispered, "but it would be too noisy."

"Me too," he moaned. Her mouth again engulfed his rod and suddenly moved like a well-oiled piston up and down, up and down.

Jo knew he was about to pop and pulled her mouth away. She quickly realized teasing was more fun than a quick release. "Are you ok?" She asked. "You look a little flushed and tense."

"I'll remember this," he said smiling. He knew he could do the same thing to her.

"I want you to come inside of me," she smiled.

"What about the noise?" he asked as she moved away to pull off her panties.

Jo tossed her undies under the bed and moved up to straddle him. "We are not going to move."

"Not move?" he repeated. "Yes," she giggled as she lowered her hot hole down his shaft until it was all the way inside. She did not move her body back up. Her eyes captured his as she squeezed his thickness deep down inside of her.

"You like that don't you?" Jo giggled.

Tom smiled and flexed his prick until it pushed against her inner walls. He saw her take a deep breath. "I can play this game too."

The room was deadly quiet, as they remained connected without moving an outside muscle. Inside of Jo the shaft and well was moving and pressing together.

"I'm getting close," Tom warned. His fingers were under her plaid skirt on her round buttocks.

"Good, come for me."

"Oh...what....what about...about you?" he moaned as his hot juices flew up his tubes.

"Don't worry about me," she giggled when she felt his spunk unload deeply inside of her.

"Oh shit!" he said loudly trying to be quiet.

"Shhh," she laughed. She lowered her lips to his to keep him quiet while she continued to milk and empty him.

Jo rolled off of him and moved into the connecting bathroom. "I'll be right back."

Tom took a deep breath and zipped up his fly. He grabbed his books and book bag and was standing by the door when Jo came back out. "Where are you going?" she asked.

"I've got to finish my homework," he grinned. "I'll see you tomorrow morning in front of your house."

"Don't leave, please?" she begged as she hugged him to her body.

"I have to go," he said as he pulled her arms away. "I love you."

"Me too," she added as they kissed.

Tom stopped at the drug store on the corner for the chocolate covered cherries.

*****

The remainder of the week went fast as Tom quickly got his wind back and learned the offensive plays. It was set that he had taken Ellis's place in the starting lineup and Ellis had bitched and cried but had not caused any more problems. Calvin was leery of passing the ball to Tom because he quickly discovered Tom was a better outside shooter. It practice it didn't matter but during a game it could be the difference between winning and losing. He also saw Jo every night and neither of them got much rest. It was Friday afternoon and the boy's team was sitting in the bleachers watching the girl's team play the Trinity girl's team.

Tom had not really seen Jo play a read game yet and was anxious to see her in action. There were whispers in the crowd that the Notre Dame Coach was sitting behind the bench to watch her.

Jo tried to stay focused but kept looking up at Tom to see what he was doing. She noticed Billie on one side of him and John on the other. She smiled and waved. He did the same. The Trinity girl's team was not as good as the boy's team however they had one girl, Kathy O'Leary, who had made the Smith and Street honorable all-American team. Jo had made their first team. O'Leary was the second leading scorer in the conference behind Jo. In the first meeting of the two teams Jo outscored her 28 to 12.

"We can't take this team lightly," the girl's coach, Meagan Kinney, said to the team as they huddled before tip-off. "We only have a one game lead on them and if they win we are tied for first place."

The teams took the court and Jo again looked up at Tom and saw Billie had moved and her sister Karen had taken his place next to her boyfriend. Before she could react the ref tossed up the ball and it flew over her head. O'Leary grabbed it and headed down the court. Jo caught up to her just as she stopped and popped a twenty-foot shot. Jo crashed into her and they both watched from the floor as the ball swished through the net. Trinity: 3 Central: 0. Plus, O'Leary soon made a foul shot and Jo picked up her first foul.

Jo was embarrassed as she dribbled the ball up the court. She held up her fist for a play, which involved her to pass the ball to the corner and to cut towards the hoop. Out of the corner of her eye she saw someone moving by Tom. She glanced and saw him standing to shake a strange man's hand. She lost track of the ball and it bounced off the side of her foot and out of bounds. Trinity ball.

Trinity came down again and O'Leary lost Jo on a hard pick. O'Leary's body rose high as she swished in another three. O'Leary 7. Central 0.

"Time out!" Coach Kinney yelled. She stared at Jo as she ran to the huddle. "What is going on?"

Jo glanced at the Notre Dame Coach behind the bench and saw her taking notes. "I don't know."

"OK, now run our offense," Meagan said sternly. "May, when Jo is picked you have to pick up O'Leary."

"Yes coach," May said.

"LET"S GO!" Meagan shouted.

Jo tried her best the rest of the first half to concentrate but other girls kept going up to Tom. At the end of the first half Trinity led 24 to 16. O'Leary had 12 points and four assists. Jo had 6 points and one assist.

The locker room was quiet as Meagan walked in. She threw down the clipboard and stood staring at them. "How many of you are embarrassed?"

They all raised their hands. "Do you want to lose to this team?"

"NO COACH!" they all shouted.

"I don't know what else to say. They are beating you to all loose balls and are out rebounding us 15 to 7. If we don't turn it on now we are finished."

She remained silent to let her word sink in. "Let's go and show them Central pride."

The team jumped and started running out of the locker room. "Jo," Meagan said. "Stay behind."

Jo turned and lowered her head. "Yes coach?"

"You look tired out there. O'Leary is flying by you. You can't seem to keep your mind on the game. What' up?"

"I haven't gotten much sleep this week," she said truthfully. Every night all she could think about was Tom. "I'll focus on the game."

"I'm putting Tina on O'Leary," Meagan said.

"Coach I can guard her."

"I need your energy on the offensive end. Tina can guard her."

"But coach..."

"I've made my decision," Meagan said as she walked out of the locker room.

Tom was unsure what was going on with Jo. He had seen her play better at the park and now the whole team had come out of the locker room but her. Finally she came running out but did not look up at him.

Jo knew it was Tom that was messing up her game. She was now determined when the second half started. She heard the gasps of the team when Coach Kinney told Tina to guard O'Leary. Even O'Leary was surprised when Tina picked her up.

Jo quickly got it going on the offensive end. She faked a three point shot and drove around O'Leary for an easy hoop. Tina was doing a great job on the defensive end as well. Another two easy baskets by Jo and a three from April had given Central a one-point lead. The Trinity coach took a quick time out.

"Coach let me guard O'Leary," Jo whispered during the break.

"No, this is working," Meagan replied. "Just keep scoring."

The time out did not do Trinity any good because Jo was now focused on her game. She made a smooth behind the back dribble and a quick pass to a cutting May for an easy basket. The Central fans stood and yelled. She looked up to see Tom smiling but quickly moved back on defense.

Later in the half, O'Leary became frustrated with Tina's hounding and threw an elbow into her chest. Tina fell back onto the hard floor and hit her head. Jo immediately grabbed a hold of O'Leary's hair and jerked her back until she fell onto her ass. All the whistles blew. Technical fouls were called on both Jo and O'Leary. The problem was that Jo now had 4 fouls and had to sit down. There was still eight minutes on the clock.

Again the game turned around. Central, without Jo, had problems scoring and although Tina did a decent job on O'Leary the other girls took over the scoring. It was a minute to go and the score tied that Jo came back into the game. "Don't foul," Meagan said to her as she ran onto the court.

The fans were now onto their feet as the clock moved down. O'Leary moved the ball up the sideline and fed it to the top of the key. She faked one way and moved the other leaving Tina in her tracks. Jo saw her coming down the lane and jumped in front of her to take the charge. Both of them went crashing to the floor and the ref blew his whistle. The gym was quiet as they all waited for the call. "BLOCKING FOUL NUMBER ONE!" the ref yelled to the scoring table. 

"WHAT! Tom screamed, as did all the fans. "YOU'RE CRAZY!" Everyone could see Jo had established position before O'Leary got there.

Jo just lay on her back not believing she had fouled out. It also meant the girl would be shooting foul shots with only twenty seconds left. She staggered to her feet and moved to the bench with her head down. The fans booed while O'Leary swished in the two foul shots. Trinity was up by two and Central did not have a go-to player anymore.

"Time out," Meagan yelled. She huddled the players together and looked at Tina. "I want you to get the ball into May and then run to the right corner. May will shoot if she's open but if not she will toss it back to you. Make the shot I know you can do it."

"Yes coach," Tina said nervously. Jo had always been the one on the spot.

"Do it for me," Jo whispered. "I don't want to lose to that bitch." She, of course, meant O'Leary.

The fans were standing and chanting "CENTRAL" as Tina brought the ball up against O'Leary who was as close as she could get. She bounced the ball into May who was double-teamed down low. Tina got to the corner and saw the ball coming from May. She grabbed it and in one motion turned and fired at the hoop. Before the ball left her hand O'Leary's body crashed into hers. Again she crashed to the floor and again she hit her head. But this time everything went dark.

*****

Tina opened her eyes and the first face she saw was Jo's. "What happened?"

"O'Leary creamed you as you shot," Jo said smiling. She was happy Tina had come to. "You came to and walked to the bench with my help but blacked out again. The paramedics are coming in the door right now."

"Wait," Tina said. "Who won?"

Jo grabbed her hand. "They did, April missed the last foul shot."

"It was my fault," Tina sobbed.

"No, it was mine," Jo said. It was the worst game she had played in quite a while. She moved back as the paramedics checked Tina's vitals. When they said she needed to go to the hospital for tests Jo was the first one to volunteer to ride with her.

*****

Tom tried to get to Jo before she ran out with the paramedics but was too late. The boys were told she would be all right which relieved a lot of the anxiety. The locker room was still pretty quiet as they prepared themselves mentally for the Trinity Boy's team.

"Don't be nervous," Billie whispered to him as they announced the starters.

"I'm not," Tom said confidently. He knew what his abilities were and from what he saw during the warm up the Trinity team didn't scare him. He had faced tougher guys back in Clarkton.

Although they were not as tough they were faster and had better ball-handling skills. Tom shied away from taking outside shots until Father Tim yelled at him as he ran by the bench. "Shoot Tom!" The next trip down he put up his first jumper, which rattled in and out.

"Pass the ball," Calvin yelled as they ran back on D. It was going to be a long night. Calvin hit his first two shot and Trinity started double-teaming him. It left Tom open and he drained a long three. Calvin smiled as he ran by. "Good shot."

Tom, Calvin and John formed a triangle in the corner, which meant someone would be open if they tried to double team one of them. John got two quick baskets and Central was up by six at the end of the quarter.

*****

"I'm ok," Tina said to Jo as they waited for a doctor to look at her. "I know you want to see Tom play so go on back." Another girl had driven over to the hospital and was leaving to go back to the gym.

"I don't want to leave you," Jo said. She felt responsible for Tina being hurt. If she had not fouled out of the game O'Leary would have been guarding her instead of Tina.

"This is not your fault Jo," Tina said smiling.

"I think it is," Jo said clutching her hand.

"Believe me, I feel fine," Tina laughed. "Go!"

Jo kissed her on her forehead and left the hospital. When she arrived it was halftime with the score Trinity 30 and Central 38.

"Wow," she said sitting next to her coach. "We are beating them?"

"Your boyfriend is tearing them up," Meagan smiled. "He's got 15 already."

Jo caught his eye and smiled. Tom ran over after making a lay-up during the warm-up. "Is Tina ok?" he asked.

"She says she is," Jo answered. "Sorry I missed the first half."

"I'm glad you are back," Tom smiled as he ran back to get in line.

"I think I now know what caused your problem tonight," Meagan said as she hugged Jo to her.

"It's that apparent, huh?" Jo said as she watched Tom laid the ball softly over the front of the rim.

"I really don't blame you," Meagan grinned. "He's a knockout."

"I know but I let the team down tonight."

Meagan hugged her star player. "There will be more games. I'm just glad you are on my team."

"Did the Notre Dame Coach say anything?"

"Yes, she commented on your off-game but she liked your toughness and of course the fact you still scored 20 points on an off-night."

Jo watched as the second half started and saw Tom block a shot and throw it the length of the floor to Calvin who laid it in. "Why can he have a good game and not me?" she wondered.

"Would you like some words of advice?" Meagan asked as Tom did a two-hand dunk over the tallest player on the Trinity team.

"I would love some," Jo answered.

"Stop seeing him until after the season is over."

Jo jerked back at the suggestion. "Stop seeing him?"

"It's messing up your head and your game," Meagan said. "We only have two more weeks of the regular season and then the State playoffs begin. "I'm sure he will understand and can wait at least a month."

Jo sat and only looked at him for the next ten minutes. "Can you wait a month?" she thought. When the horn sounded Central had beaten Trinity by 14 points. Tom and Calvin were the top scorers at 24 apiece.

Tom and his teammates danced by the bench. It meant they were now tied with Trinity for first place. He looked for Jo but couldn't find her.

"We're going down to Jack's Diner," Calvin said as he smacked Tom on the back. "Come with us."

"Ok, let me find Jo," Tom said as he moved through the cheerleaders and dance team. He saw April. "Have you seen Jo?"

"She left when the game was over," April said smiling. "Are you going down to Jack's?"

"I guess so," Tom said. He ran down to the locker room and quickly showered. He dressed and as he walked behind the large group of kids he called Jo on his cell phone. Her mother answered.

"Hi Mrs. Thompson, is Jo there? This is Tom."

"Tom, Jo is up in her room and said she does not want to speak to anyone. Can I take a message?"

"Are you sure? I really need to talk to her."

"Yes, I........" Jo moved into the kitchen and took the phone from her mother's hand.

"It's me," she said with tears pouring down her face.

Tom could tell she had been crying. "Is Tina ok?"

"Yes," she sobbed. "It's me...I mean us...I can't see you for a while."

"What?" he asked as he stopped walking. "Why not?"

"I can't concentrate on the team and my game. I made my first "F" ever this week on an exam. I just can't see you until after the season." Her voice cracked as she handed the phone to her mother and ran up the stairs.

"Jo, I love you," he said almost in tears himself. "Don't do this." He heard the click as the phone went dead. 