Shy girl goes to college 

Part 1

This is a story about Jen, a girl from the country, who leaves home to go to college. Pictures will be supplied in order to help you visualize the scenes and characters.

Jen was a quiet, shy girl. She never had a boyfriend or had sex. Thing was, she was a good looking girl. She was about 5'3", slim with perky breasts. She had blond hair down just past her shoulders, dirty blond hair that loved to blow itself across her face. Jen kept in shape by running in her families fields. But she wanted more, she wanted a boyfriend, she wanted sex. All those nights she lay in bed masturbating, trying to imagine what sex would be like, she now wanted to find out. She was nervous about going to college, as you would be, but she was excited about her chance to make new friends, and to even have sex for the first time. She packed her bags, and said her goodbyes. She was on her way to University of San Francisco.

When she arrived, she opened her dorm room door, and walked in cautiously. Sitting on the couch was 2 others girls, her room mates. They enthusiastically introduced themselves as Ciara and Claire. Jen liked the look of the two of them, she thought they looked hot. Ciara was a sexy brunette, a real flirt of a girl. She had dark hair down to her breasts, long legs and big breasts. Claire was pint sized. She was also a brunette, with her hair just short of her shoulders, she had small breasts but was a real live wire. Life of the party. Ciara and Claire explained that the had only arrived the day before, but knew each other from school. The conversation started with small talk: they found out Jen and Ciara are single, while Claire had a boyfriend, called Seb, who also attends the college. 

"Seb is HOT!" shouted Ciara, "WATCH IT!" Claire laughed back. Ciara whispered in Jen's ear while Claire was in the kitchen that Seb played football in school but was never really good enough, but that Claire tells her that he has a really big willy, "really??" a shocked Jen whispered back, "but don't tell her i told you!" Ciara quickly said before Claire entered the room again. Jen felt her pussy loosen at bit, felt it moisten at what Ciara has just said.

Jen excused herself from the girls, and went to unpack. 

"what nice girls they are" she said to herself, she is delighted at how they made her feel right at ease. But her mind could not get away from what Ciara had said about Seb. Jen had never seen a real life penis, but got a bit flustered at the thought of Seb penis, and tiny little Claire.

Jen undress's, to have a long overdue shower. She slips her jeans and t-shirt off, and stands in front of the mirror. She was wearing a pink bra and plain pink underwear, she thought to herself "maybe its time I bought some sexy underwear!". She unhooked her bra, and let her perky tits bounce out. She had the type of breasts that the nipples pointed up; small, light skin colored nipples. She looked up and down her tight little body, angling her body so she could she her ass in the mirror. She thought she had a nice ass. She then bent over, and slipped out of her underwear, flicking it away with her tiny feet. She stood there in all her naked glory. Jen had a big, light colored bush. It covers a perfect triangle between her thighs, so thick she could not even see her own pussy lips. She could smell her pussy, the scent of her excitement at the thought of Seb. She caressed her breasts and headed into the shower.


Part 2

Jen cleaned herself, and relaxed in the shower, running her hands through her bush. "I wonder if all girls have pubes like mine?" she thought. She steps out of the shower and looks in the mirror once more, eyeing up her glistening, tight body.

"I wish I had no tan lines" she thought, "especially ones this obvious!"

Jen dried off, and put some pajamas on, and headed out to the kitchen to get a drink. Both girls were gone from the sitting room, but as she turned to look towards the kitchen she heard someone hang up the phone and shout

"DON'T LOOK, I'M NAKED!"

With this Jen whips her head around to see Claire running from the kitchen to her bedroom naked. Jen takes in what another naked girl looks like for the first time. Claire had tan lines just like her, but not as pronounced, as she had darker skin naturally. Jen's eyes went straight for Claires pussy: she had her pubes trimmed back from her bikini line, and not very thick. Her pubes were dark black, but through the sparse pubes she could she that Claire had no lips hanging. She was an inny.

Claire ran into her room, and shut the door. Just then the door rang. Jen answered the door to find Seb standing their with a big smile.

"hey, I'm Seb, Claires boyfriend"

"oh, hi, I'm Jen. She's in her bedroom"

With this he walked past her, into Claires room. Jen looked him up and down as he passed, and wondered again about his willy. He looked pretty normal.


Part 3

Jen turned on the T.V, and started watching Mtv. She wondered why Ciara was not out here, seeing as it was Jen's first night here. Not that it bothered her, she liked being by herself anyway.

After a few minutes of flicking channels, she heard a slight moan from Claire's room. 

"mmmmmmUGGGHHHH" 

She mutes the T.V.

"aaahhhhaahhahahh" quivered a female voice.

Claire's door was shut, but Jen gently walked closer, to hear what was really going on. At the same time she felt a tingle, she knew her bush was moistening around her pussy lips. Now she could hear what was going on much clearer.

"Oh fuck, Seb, be gentle...."

"UUGGHHH, hows that?"

"ughughhhggghhaahhhh" was the female moan.

Jen had never heard anyone have sex before, and she always wondered how noisy it was. But her fascination was not quashed. She had to see what Ciara had told her, and she wanted to see it in action. But she knew now was not the time. Her imagination would have to show her this time.

She looked over at Ciara's room, next to Claire's, and saw the door ajar. As she edged closer and peered in, the sight that greeted her was Ciara lying on her side, with her panties around her left ankle, and her right leg curled up by her tummy. This showed her perfectly formed pussy, hairless and impossibly tight.

Then she saw Ciara's finger appear, and start to rub her slit. Jen watched as Ciara gently pressed against her clit and tight opening, making it moist. 

"mmmmmmm" moaned Ciara

Jen knew Ciara was masturbating to the sounds next door, the constant quivers of joy from Claire had Ciara moist and ready to cum.

Then suddenly from next door "UUGGHHHHHHH, I'M GONNA CUM, OHHHHH GODDD!"

"UGGHHHGGGHGHGHGHGGGGHHHH" came the near scream from Claires room.

Just then she saw Ciara's leg muscles tighten, and her toes twinkle, as she pushed her pussy into the bed. Jen knew Ciara had just cum.

This whole scenario had Jen's pussy burning, she had to finish herself off before she fainted. As she walked back to her room she thought to herself "looks like I'm not the only one interested in what sort of willy Claire is taking."


Part 4

Later that night Jen walked out to get a drink from the kitchen, seeing as it was late she quietly tip toed to the fridge, planning on turning on no lights. She noticed the light already on in the kitchen, and hung back a bit; out of curiosity and shyness. The light clicked off suddenly and out strolled Seb, completely naked holding two glasses of water.

Jen tried to sink back into the shadows, and just watch. What she saw amazed her. Seb was about 6 foot, slim but in shape. He looked athletic. What she glued her eyes on, however, was the piece of meat slapping his thighs. It looked the size of a large German sausage, just swinging under a dark bush. She also noticed his balls looked very big and long.

Seb then disappeared into Claire's room, and shut the door.

Jen could not believe the night she had. She is suddenly involved in a house that nudity and sex seem common place, something that was never the case for her.

Then suddenly, Ciara appears from her room wearing shorts and a t-shirt.

"Oh hi Jen" she says "what are you doing in the shadows?"

"ummmm, nothing!"

"you wanna sandwich or something, I'm gonna watch some T.V. Switch it on a we'll have a chat" Ciara said while she walked off into the kitchen.

Jen said down and switched on the T.V. Ciara came back after 5 minutes, and they watched T.V for 20 minutes before Jen plucked up the courage to talk about what she saw.

"Ciara, your not going to believe it, but remember when you saw me earlier, I was there because Seb had just walked from the kitchen.....naked."

"........." was Ciara's response. 

"Ya, he was really big, huge in all honesty. I don't know how little Claire can take him, it just looked almost comically over sized"

"OMG" Ciara whispered, "I had an ex who was in school with him, and said he was the biggest in the locker room, all the guys were jealous"

Jen went on the describe his penis, down to the obvious veins and thickness.

"I would love to experience a willy that big" Ciara said "I've only ever had sex with small or average guys"

"I've never had sex", said Jen " so I don't think i could take him"

"you've never had sex?? sex can be great, but I think I've been unlucky as I have never cum from penetration, but I know Seb can give me that."

Then laughter came from Claires room, and the door suddenly opens, only for more laughter and the door to be closed again. But this time, it does not click into place, leaving it slightly ajar.

Jen and Ciara look at each other, then back at the door.

"should we?" whispered Ciara, "you go first!"

With that they both get up and move towards the door

Ciara peers in, and see's Claire lying on the bed (see pic). Ciara see Claire's legs in the air, she looks like she is just relaxing. Ciara is looking straight at Claire's feet, and her tanned thighs. She see Claire's anus and tight pussy, and notices that Claire does not shave much. Claire now imagines what it must look like for Claire's pussy to take Seb, and her mind races back to the sound she heard earlier in the night, and she knows Claire must explode on Seb.


Seb arrives suddenly from the en suite bathroom, naked, sporting a huge erection.

