My Wife Is A Naughty Exhibitionist
by exhibitionistguy

Wife likes to be a naughty exhibitionist.

My wife is a naughty exhibitionist! You probably would never know it from the way she dresses in public. Most of the time she dresses modestly so as to not draw too much attention to herself. She'll look like a married women who isn't interested in having sex with anyone other than her husband. But, when the situation allows it, she may be quite flirtatious and uninhibited as to what she wears and how she behaves.

The story that I'm going to tell you about took place almost exactly one year after Susan and I were married. She was 24 years old and I was 29. My name is Bill, by the way.

Before I go any further, I think there are a few things you should know about Susan:

If you were to meet my wife, you would think that she's very sweet. She is warm and friendly and she has a nice smile.

Susan was born in Hong Kong and adopted by an American family when she was only two years old. She has long straight black hair and brown eyes.

She is very petite, being only 5 feet 2 inches tall and weighing 115 pounds. Her skin is smooth all over. She has little feet.

She wears glasses with blue-colored plastic frames. She also likes to wear earrings and other jewelry.

Her arms are quite strong because of the kind of work she does. She works for a food service company and she has to lift heavy boxes of soda pop.

As I said, most of the time when in public she'll dress relatively modestly.

One time when we were visiting my older friend, Joe, at his senior citizen apartment, I gave him my cell phone to take some pictures. We were sitting on the sofa facing him. It was summer and Sue and I had just gone out for dinner. She was wearing a loose-fitting skirt and a white cotton blouse. Just as he was going to take the pictures, I started to pull her skirt up. She kept saying, "Bill, don't do that", but I did it anyway. She was embarrassed but not too badly as she was laughing while I was doing that. Joe thought it was great and he told me to pull her skirt up even higher. He got a couple of very nice pics of her thighs and panties.

In contrast to her usually modest attire, when she sunbathes on our back patio during the summer, she usually wears a rather skimpy bikini. We live in a small two-bedroom condo townhouse and our little patio isn't all that private.

She told me about an incident that happened with our neighbor. He lives in the unit adjoining us and is in his late thirties and divorced. He happens to be an attorney. She told me that he was talking to her while she was sunbathing and that she could tell that he was getting "a little bothered" by her lack of clothes.

It didn't help our neighbor any that my wife had untied the upper string of her bikini top, leaving only the lower string to hold it on. You can imagine how much of her chest showed when she did that. But she figures that it's HER patio and she should be able to get as much sun on her body as she wants. Besides, she hates tan lines. If our neighbor got to have a little show, then who cares. It isn't as if he got to have sex with her.

I didn't blame him for looking at her as she really does have a lovely body, but I didn't think it was such a great idea for her to be showing him so much skin considering that he lived right next to us and was no longer married. I didn't want him to get the idea that he could take advantage of her when I wasn't around.

Since we're talking about my wife sunbathing in that skimpy bikini, I think this would be a good time to tell you a little more about what she looks like when she's nude or almost nude. I hope this doesn't sound too sexist. One time I wrote that her breasts are a size 34B and a female reader commented that she didn't like my focusing on my wife's bra size. Also, sometimes I call my wife's breasts "tits" or "boobs". All I can say is that guys like to know those things and I mean no respect to my wife.

Susan really does have nice breasts. They are a bit larger than you might expect for a woman who is as petite as she is. They are firm and perky with brown nipples surrounded by lighter brown colored areolae. When she is topless and standing with her shoulders pulled back and her arms at her sides, her breasts stick out very nicely. She is confident in the way that they look. Sometimes she'll give me a private show where she shakes them for me. She LOVES to do that because she knows how much it teases me and gets me horny.

Oh, I almost forgot to tell you about her ass. She also has a nice, firm and squeezable little ass. When she wears that skimpy bikini bottom, it clings to her in a very sexy way.

I guess this description would be incomplete if I didn't at least mention that she has a hot little pussy. It feels so good when I am inside. My cock can feel how wet and eager she is. I love ejaculating deep inside her.

Sometimes after she has sunbathed on the patio in that skimpy bikini, I'll take her hand and lead her upstairs to the bedroom and strip that bikini off of her and have my way with her. She'll be all hot and sweaty from lying in the sun. I love to suck on her tits then. They taste so nice and salty. And her pussy will be all hot and wet. I don't last very long then. There isn't as much foreplay as she likes sometimes. I just stick my hard cock inside of her and continue to thrust hard until she screams in orgasm as I ejaculate my cum.

That leads me to the story about what happened when my wife and I attended the wedding of my friend who lived near Albany, New York. It was held at an upscale hotel near Saratoga.

There was one of my friends who was staying at the hotel. His name is Mark. He is a "good guy". He is quiet and shy. Even though he is 28 years-old, he still lives at home with his mother. I've known him for a long time. Susan has gotten to know him too. She wonders why he has never had a girlfriend.

Sue and I had a good time at the dinner party that followed the wedding. I reminisced with a number of my friends whom I knew going back to high school. Susan had worn a little black party dress with stockings and high heels.

Seeing that Mark was attending the wedding by himself, Susan made a point of dancing a couple of slow dances with him. Returning to our table, she said something to me about how shy he is. She could tell that he appreciated her dancing with him.

Of course, Susan and I had a few drinks that night. It was an open bar so the drinks were free, but we mostly stuck with red wine. We're really not big drinkers like some of the other people who were there that night.

Wine has a funny effect on Susan. For one thing, her face and chest tend to become flushed. Although alcohol has that effect on her in general, for some reason it's wine that really does that to her. It only takes one or two glasses of wine.

The other effect that wine has on her is to cause her to become silly or "sillier" as I like to call her as if to imply that she's silly to begin with. She laughs at me when I call her that. The wine does help to loosen her inhibitions.

She chatted quite a bit with Mark (he was sitting at our table), asking him about his work but also some rather personal questions. He told her that he likes to go to the beach during the summer.

She asked him, "What beach do you go to?"

"I go to Jacob Riis Park."

"Where is that?"

"It's part of the Gateway National Recreation Area. I can take a bus from Flatbush Avenue."

"Oh. I think I've heard of it."

"It's pretty laid back. There are a lot of LGBTQ people there, but straight people too."

"Bill and I want to go to Gunnison Beach at Sandy Hook. We heard that you can go nude there."

"I've heard that too. It's clothing optional."

"Yes. We also heard that it can get very crowded on the weekends."

Sue hesitated for a moment before asking, "Have you ever sunbathed nude?"

He replied, "I did a couple of times on Long Island, but you have to be very careful there."

Sue dropped the topic, not wanting to get more personal with Mark than she already had. But she couldn't help thinking about him sunbathing at the beach naked.

After the party, we invited him to our room to share some wine and chat for a while longer. It must have been almost 11:00 PM by that time.

The first thing Sue did when we got back to our room was to take her shoes off. Then she decided that she wanted to rinse off in the shower and "get comfortable".

She got undressed in the bathroom and handed me her dress, bra, panties, and stockings through the partially opened door. She had neatly folded her dress as she didn't want to get it any more wrinkled.

Mark couldn't see her from where he was. He was sitting in the corner of the room at a small table by the window. But he could see her neatly folded dress with all of the undergarments that she had just worn at the party as I carried them from the bathroom.

What shocked me was when, after taking her shower, she exited the bathroom wearing only a towel. And it was a VERY small towel. It barely covered her from her nipples down to the bottom of her pussy.

She told him, "I hope you don't mind the towel, but I need to dry off for a few minutes before I can get dressed."

He replied, "No problem".

I didn't say a word, but I gave her a look like I couldn't believe that she was doing this. I thought that she was going to put some clothes on BEFORE she came out of the bathroom. We had only been married for a year and I didn't know yet just how naughty she could be.

On the other hand, there was only the one room as we had figured that it didn't pay to reserve an entire suite. Knowing Susan, she probably figured that this was HER hotel room and if she wanted to exit the bathroom wearing only a towel, then that's her business.

I handed her a glass of wine and the three of us chatted for a while. She remained standing while we talked so as to keep the towel in place.

I noticed that she her face was rather flushed and she was acting silly. That was no doubt due in part to the wine that she had at the party. I figure that she probably had at least two full glasses. That was plenty for her. The glass that she was drinking now could have been number three or four.

But I also think that the redness in her face was due to how excited she was to be exhibiting herself in front of us. She knew that the towel wasn't going to protect her modesty very well. All it would take would be a momentary distraction and the towel would be gone and she would be left standing there stark naked.

This was so uncharacteristic of her. She just stood there smiling while sipping on the wine, as if nothing were out of the ordinary.

I must admit, she did look very cute standing there in the towel with her hair all dripping wet. The way it was wrapped around her, I could see her bare shoulders and upper chest and quite a bit of her thighs.

I had smuggled a few chocolate covered strawberries from the party and she bit into one.

She was talking up a storm while she waited for the cool air to dry her through the towel. She talked about the dress that one of the girls had worn. Then she talked about one of the guys who she thought had too much to drink.

All the while that she was talking, I kept hoping that her towel would fall off so that Mark and I could see her luscious body. We could see her little feet and her legs and knees.

I wanted SO BADLY to pull that towel off of her and expose her! I thought that, in another few minutes after she's dry, she's going to go back into the bathroom and put on some clothes and then the opportunity will be lost. It was now or never.

I said, "Susan, it's just Mark and me. Why don't you take off that towel and go nude for us?"

No doubt she wasn't expecting me to say THAT!

She exclaimed, "No way! Not with Mark here."

Of course, I could tell how excited she was at the thought of being completely naked in front of us.

I asked Mark, "Wouldn't you like Susan to take her towel off?"

He replied, "Of course I would. But it should be up to her."

She looked at him, trying to determine what his reaction would be. He is so shy. She didn't want to be inappropriate with him. But, at the same time, she could see the lustful look in his eyes. He wanted to see what her body looked like.

I pleaded with her, "Oh please, Honey. You're so beautiful. Why don't you take that towel off and let us see you naked?"

I could tell that she was thinking about it and starting to lose what little resistance she may have had.

She asked Mark, "If I take my towel off, do you promise not to tell any of the guys?"

"Cross my heart, I promise not to tell."

"Well, you better not. That's the last thing I need for them to know. They would think I was some kind of a slut."

Before she could chicken out, I came up to her and started kissing her. A second later, sensing no resistance, I gave the towel a little tug, causing it to become unfastened and fall to her ankles.

Ta dah! There she was. My sweet wife, standing there totally bare and in her birthday suit. Her lovely breasts curved upwards. Both nipples were hard and tempting. Her cute little pussy on full display. Her firm ass waiting to be squeezed.

You should have seen the look on Mark's face! His mouth was wide open and his face was red. He was in total shock. My wife is a beautiful woman with curves in all the right places and he was getting to see EVERY inch of her, parts that only her husband gets to see. The first areas that he looked at were her breasts and pussy. No doubt he had a huge erection under his pants.

She put her arms around my neck and, while standing on her toes, pressed her naked breasts and pussy against me while passionately kissing me.

She whispered, "There! Are you happy now?"

"Yes I am."

"You are like a little kid in a candy store."

Of course, she was trying to put the blame on me. By having me strip the towel from her, she could pretend that she was completely innocent.

I was so horny that I wanted to throw her on the bed and fuck her right then and there, but I couldn't very well do that with Mark being there. Of course, Sue knew that and that added to her fun. She knew that she could sexually frustrate me all she wanted by being naked and there wasn't anything I could do about it.

After we were done kissing, Sue bent down to pick up the towel. I thought that she was going to wrap it around herself but, instead, she playfully tossed it on the bed.

Then she decided to do a slow 360 degree turn so that we could see her entire body, front and back.

Pretending to be shy, modest and insecure, she asked, "How do I look?"

Mark could see her lovely breasts and perky nipples and her flat tummy. He could see her little feet and her sexy legs and thighs. And he could see her little pussy. When she turned around, he could see her nicely shaped ass. He could also see the sexy smile on her face.

He exclaimed, "You have a really nice body!"

She wasn't expecting him to say that.

"Do you really think so?"

"Yes. Definitely. You look beautiful."

Sue replied. "Thank you."

You should have seen the look on Sue's face! It was pure excitement! At one moment she was a modest and discreet wife while the next moment she was a naughty exhibitionist. Truthfully, her brain was flooding with a variety of conflicting emotions. She was stark naked.

What was Mark thinking? Was he okay with what she was doing? Was she turning him on? She liked that idea!

She nervously paraded around the room for a few seconds and combed her hair in the mirror. It was as if she was trying to figure out what to do next. She decided to put on a little show.

Mark's glass was getting a little low, so she walked over to where he was sitting and poured him a little more wine. There was no doubt that he was being a gentleman. Sue could tell that he was struggling to maintain eye contact and not to stare at her breasts and pussy. He would look down at her feet instead.

She said, "There you are, Sir", as she poured him the wine.

He replied, "You know, I've never been served by a naked lady before."

"You haven't?"

"No."

"Do you like me being your cocktail lady?"

"Yes. You can be my cocktail lady any day!"

She decided to sit on the edge of the bed facing us while she used the towel to dry her feet. After she was satisfied that her feet were sufficiently dry, she handed me the towel and I took it back to the bathroom. She remained sitting on the edge of the bed.

She looked very sexy as she wiggled her little feet up and down. At first, she nervously kept her knees together to maintain some modesty but, a couple of minutes later, she relaxed and kept them more naturally apart. I noticed that Mark was looking at her feet again.

I asked him, "Doesn't Susan have little feet?"

He agreed, "Yes, she sure does!"

Sue giggled, "That's because I'm Asian. Asian girls are supposed to have little feet."

She wiggled them up and down some more.

After chatting for a little while, Sue realized that she had taken some pictures at the wedding that she wanted Mark to see. She held the camera in her hands and started scrolling through the pictures until she saw a few that she liked and then she stood up and walked over to where he was sitting.

She asked him, "How do you like that picture? How do you like this one? Doesn't she look nice in that dress? Doesn't he look like he's drunk?"

The funny thing is that, with her standing in front of him, her pussy was VERY visible and her tits were dangling right in front of him.

I happened to be sitting right next to her on her other side from where Mark was and I couldn't help but to be tempted to squeeze her ass.

"Hey Mister. You had better behave yourself!"

I thought to myself about how lucky I was to have such a beautiful wife who is willing to show herself to our friend.

Since Susan already had the camera out, I suggested that Mark take a few pictures of her while she was still nude. Surprisingly, she didn't have a problem with him doing that. She let him take pictures of her completely naked. They weren't pornographic or anything like that.

Of course, I have a lot of pictures of her at home with her being topless or nude, but no one else had ever photographed her that way. I don't remember how many pictures I snapped of her coming out of the shower. I also have many nude pictures of her from when she seductively posed for me. Those pictures were for my eyes only.

She was quite the model for Mark that night, smiling playfully as she posed. She was well aware of the effect that her beautiful body was having on us and, so, she took advantage of us by dangling her tits and showing her ass. It was all really harmless fun.

He must have taken at least a half dozen pictures of her like that. Then he took a couple of pictures of Sue and me with her being nude and me being fully clothed.

Finally, I took a few pictures of Mark and Sue standing next to each other. She was completely nude while he was dressed. You should have seen the smiles on both of their faces when I took those pictures.

She asked him, "What do you think the guys would think if they saw the pictures of me standing naked next to you?"

He replied, "They would probably be jealous."

She laughed, "Do you think so?"

"Yes!"

Suddenly, Sue put her arms around Mark's neck and started kissing him. At that point he got all flustered and his face was red. He didn't know what to do with his hands.

She said, "You are so nice to put up with my silliness."

Then she said, "If you promise not to show them to anyone, I'll have Bill send you a few copies of the pictures of me. Would you like that?"

"Yes. I sure would and I promise not to show them to anyone."

She laughed again and said, "You had better not! That's part of our deal."

By now it was getting late. Mark thanked us for sharing the wine and we made plans for the following morning to have breakfast at the hotel together.

After he left, I undressed and got into bed naked. Sue didn't waste any time getting on top of me. She was VERY hot by what had just happened.

She asked me, "Did I get you a little excited when I was naked in front of Mark?"

"Yes!"

She dangled her tits in front of my face. I wanted to suck on them so badly, but she wouldn't let me have them. She lowered her nipples close to my mouth but far enough away so that they were just out of reach. She likes to tease me that way sometimes.

She asked, "Do you think Mark enjoyed looking at me?"

"Yes, I know that he did."

As if to answer her own question, she said, "I could tell that too."

Finally, she lowered herself down enough so that I was able to suck on her tits. I took my time sucking and kissing each one and licking around her nipples. Then she lowered her wet pussy onto my cock and started to grind on me.

I said, "You know, if you keep that up, I'm going to cum pretty quickly."

She decided that she had better lie next to me. I turned toward her and pulled her closer so that we were facing each other and then we started to affectionately kiss. Then she asked me a question I totally wasn't expecting.

"Would you have been jealous if he wanted to touch me?"

I replied, "It depends on what he wanted to do. I'm not so sure that I would want another guy having sex with you. But if he wanted to feel your ass and maybe suck on your tits, then I might be okay with it."

"You are so bad!"

I positioned her on her back and got on top of her. Now It was MY turn to be in charge.

She laughed, "You really like to flatten me like a pancake, don't you?"

I'm really not all that heavy, weighing only 150 pounds. But I guess, compared to her (she weighs only 115 pounds), that's a lot of weight. I lifted my weight off her a little so she was more comfortable.

We continued kissing. At first our kisses were soft, but they soon became very passionate. Then I sucked on her breasts again and excited her pussy with my hand. She let out a moan when I did that. Her pussy was sopping wet.

My cock was so hard by then that it felt like it was going to burst. I really needed to penetrate my loving wife so badly.

She let out a moan as I gently slid my cock inside her hot little pussy.

I went slow at first, enjoying the intimacy and trying to enhance her pleasure. But a moment later, my raw desire took over and I was thrusting my cock deep inside of her, harder and harder and faster and faster. With each thrust she instinctively raised her pelvis toward me.

I was feverishly fucking her. There was no stopping me. This is what is supposed to happen.

At first, while we were mostly kissing, Sue had her arms passively raised above her head and I had placed my hands on hers, but now that we were fucking in earnest, she was excitedly squeezing my ass, encouraging me to continue.

She moaned, "Ooh. That feels so good!"

I continued to thrust my cock inside of her.

She screamed at me, "Don't stop!"

I kept this up, trying to push her to her limits, doing my best to satisfy her. She was moaning so loudly now that, for a split second, I thought about whether the guests in the next hotel room could hear us. That thought didn't bother me any though. Let them listen.

I just kept fucking her hard until, suddenly, she climaxed.

Then, almost simultaneously, I orgasmed too, ejaculating my cum deep inside her.

I collapsed onto her, putting all my weight on her for a few seconds while I tried to catch my breath. My heart was beating a mile a minute. Then I got off her and onto my back, still trying to catch my breath, exhausted from all the exertion.

Sue giggled and gave me a kiss, "I can see that my little show must have got you excited, didn't it?"

I just groaned.

Of course, her show did get me all excited. If you saw how lovely my wife is with curves in all the right places, you would have wanted to fuck the hell out of her too. But the fact that she showed off her naked body to our friend really pushed me over the edge. I think it had that effect on her too, seeing how hot she was in bed that night.

That's the end of this story. I hoped you liked it. Everything that I described really happened. Literotica refers to this situation as "Clothed Male Nude Female" or CMNF. The sharp contrast between Susan being completely nude while Mark and I were fully clothed magnified her feelings of sexy exposure. She just loved being naked and on display to us two guys, especially to Mark who had never seen her that way before.


Epilogue: 
The following summer, Mark and Sue and I went to Gunnison Beach together. That's the clothing optional beach that she had asked about. It was a lot of fun. We all got nude that time. Susan got to see his little cock. Actually, it's not really all that little. When he gets aroused, his cock gets quite big. It was kind of funny, actually. She teased him mercilessly that day. After that, she decided that she was going to try to fix him up with one of her girlfriends, Tina, a cute redhead. The four of us went to that same beach. But I'll need to save that story for another time.