I glanced at the clock on my desk, glad the day was almost over. It was a Friday afternoon after a slow week and being more than caught up with the workload, I decided to get out of there and get a jump on the weekend. Earlier in the week, I'd come across an article that piqued my curiosity. There was a gallery showing in town at the museum. A photographic exhibit of erotic art that had sparked controversial reviews, even in this cultured city. Pornography has always been a big turn-on to me. Mostly I enjoy reading it, using my imagination to bring the characters to life, but the movies and the magazines drive me wild as well...I'd been horny since reading about the exhibit and had let it build up, just for the pleasure. Just thinking about it was enough to make my pussy wet.
I wasn't necessarily looking to pick someone up. If no one interesting crossed my path, that would be OK too. Sometimes I prefer it. Masturbation is my fetish and it's a game that I enjoy playing. Teasing and flirting with people is a real stimulator. I love to watch them squirm and in the last few months, the game has progressed from simple flirtation to outright exhibitionism. It has started to become an addiction of sorts, seeing just how far I can take it. I will blatantly flash someone just to catch the expression on his face or the hardness in his pants. One of these days I'm going to get myself in trouble playing this game but I just can't help myself. It arouses me more than the actual act. My current fantasy involves women. I was always curious and lately it was becoming harder and harder to ignore the feeling.
I worked my way through the exhibit slowly, thankful that the crowd was small. The photographs were tasteful and arty, nothing at all like what I had expected or had been exposed to in the past. Mostly a study in black and white, they were displayed as a series. All seemed to be playing out individual stories, connecting the participants in a sensual way that strongly aroused my desire.
"Interesting work, isn't it?"
Enthralled by one particular photo of a young woman, in obvious blissful distress, I didn't at first hear the woman who had come up behind me.
The photograph that had me so captivated was one of a pretty, young thing, over the knees of an older man. Her skirt was hiked up around her waist and her panties pulled down around her ankles. His left arm was holding her securely on his lap, his right hand high in the air above her exposed bottom. The look on her young face, so yielding, and that of pleasure on the disciplinarian's was the essence that the photographer had wanted to capture. It was remarkable.
I was startled when the voice behind me spoke again, "Intriguing, yes?"
Turning around, I found myself looking at a woman about 10 years my senior. She seemed friendly enough, dressed impeccably.
"The way Francis is able to combine the pain and pleasure of an experience. Two seemingly paradoxical themes, each expressed at the same time."
I hadn't realized what it was that so caught my attention about this particular print. I agreed, it was the paradox I found intriguing...
"Hello, I'm Laura, are you an admirer of the genre?"
"I've never seen an exhibit quite like this before but I'll admit I find it most fascinating. I'm Kathryn, a pleasure to meet you."
Moving on to the next photo, the same characters involved. The man was standing though, facing slightly to the side; she curled up a bit on a pillowed sofa. It was amazing, the shared expressions, a kind of silent connection. Contented yet still hungry. Again, that paradox...
Laura moved a little closer to me then. Perhaps it was the art, perhaps the woman but I felt my pulse quicken. This might turn into an interesting afternoon yet...
"You know, I have been following this artist's work for quite some time. I have several works that have never been displayed before, private commissions. If you would like to see more, and have a bit of time, I don't live very far away."
The feeling that had been working its way to crescendo in my mind was now betraying my body. I felt sure that Laura could tell my breathing was just a little deeper and I even thought I saw a slight smile on her face with the last rise and fall of my chest. Pretending to glance at my watch and knowing what the answer would be anyway, I agreed.
Prudently, I decided to follow Laura in my own car. It gave me a chance to think. Maybe this was an innocent meeting, the finding of a new friend, someone to finally share an intelligent conversation with... Or maybe, almost hoping, something more. Laura was really quite beautiful. Tall and dark featured she carried herself confidently.
Before there was time to overanalyze or back out of anything, Laura pulled into the driveway and parked. I pulled up along side.
"I'm really glad you decided to come" Smiling now, a glint in her eye, " I promise you won't be disappointed." I had to agree, no matter what happens, I probably wouldn't be disappointed.
I followed her to the front door, and naturally, as a guest, I followed a step or two behind her. The key turned in the lock, the door opened into her home and I entered a world I would come to love, and to crave, and to need.
"Please, Kathryn, make yourself comfortable." She left the room for a moment then. Her home was beautifully decorated with striking photographs. Pictures of far way, exotic looking places. A lot of them were black and white images. They seemed a bit familiar somehow... I heard music then, a gentle drumbeat coming from hidden speakers.
When she returned she held two glasses of deep colored wine. "Its Merlot, I hope you like it." I accepted it with thanks; I needed something to calm my nerves.
"So tell me Kathryn, what was it that you found so intriguing at the exhibit?"
I told her my curiosity had led me there. I admitted to her though, the sexual arousal I felt is why I stayed.
"I know what you mean, let me show you the photographs I was referring to." I followed her lead to another room. Adorning the walls were matted and framed pictures like the one's at the gallery. It was her, Laura in almost all of them. In some, she posed alone, some with other women. All of the portraits were of a carnal nature, many of them with a definite darker flair. For some reason those were the ones I felt more drawn to...
"What do you think?" she asked. I stood in awe at the beauty of the women in these photos. The way they so obviously delighted playing to the camera and to the person behind it. I was also just as sure of the desire with which the photographer lovingly captured these images. I took a long sip of wine, swallowed, but before I could respond...
He came out of the bathroom, steam billowing around him. Not bothering to dry off first, he quickly belted the black, terrycloth robe about his waist. I was completely taken by surprise! Seeing my astonishment, Laura quietly laughed and took my elbow.
What a absolute striking presence. I couldn't turn away. His hair was wavy, falling past his shoulders. Dark and thick in his youth, but silvering now, perfectly streaked as he combed strong fingers through the tangles. The rivulets of water dripping down his neck, his chest, his muscled calves. His chest and shoulders were broad and fanned out from his waistline. A silver beard, neatly trimmed. The hair on his chest was thick and curly, as the robe, so loosely tied, allowed me to see.
He reminded me of my high school principal. Authoritative and strong, he had been a man compared to those cute but fumbling, skinny boys. Try as I might though, I was just never bad enough to gain an audience with him.
I wondered why Laura hadn't warned him that there was company? For that matter, why hadn't she told me we weren't alone?
With a definite knowing glance between them, he said in feigned shock, "Well, Laura, if you had told me you were inviting someone over for lunch, I would have dressed more appropriately." They shared a laugh, I wasn't so sure...
"Oh, don't be such an ass, my love. This is Kathryn; we met at the exhibit today. I thought I would show her our privately commissioned works. I think she will like them." "Kathryn, this is Frank, my husband."
He seemed to sigh then, eyeing me up and down. "I think she will do just fine, even better." Turning toward Laura, "Once again my dear, you have chosen the subject well."
I wondered what that meant...
"So then Kathryn, I take it you are an admirer of my work"
Did he just say MY work? Finally getting the picture, my heart skipped a beat. Maybe I should have been frightened at what was an apparent set up, but that skipped heartbeat was not in fear. No, it was in excitement and anticipation.
It was Laura who broke the silence. "I'll take that as a yes, my sweet. I can see in your eyes you will be more than willing, and quite proud, to pose for our private gallery."
My answer came out in a trembling voice, and I knew I would tell them over and over again "yes."
Frank left for a moment then and returned with the bottle of wine in one hand and a full glass in the other. He refilled both our glasses and with a slight nod toward Laura, sat down on the couch. Laura's glass touched mine with a crystalline 'ting' and with the other hand she dipped into my glass and lifted her fingers to my lips, wetting them with the sweet, red wine. My lips parted and the tip of my tongue tasted the sweetness on her fingertips. I gently sucked them into my mouth.
Pulling them out, she dipped again into the wine glass, this time raising them to her own mouth. With the wetness lingering on her lips, she pulled my face towards hers and kissed me, deeply. I felt the softness of her hand running down my neck, just under the collar of my silk shirt. I let my head roll to the side, exposing my neck in sacrifice and submitted to her touch.
She came then to the middle of my chest and paused. Breathing harder, I wanted her to begin unbuttoning my blouse. I opened my eyes though and looked to her. Her direction came from Frank. With a simple nod of his head, she took my wine glass and set it down on the table with her own. She began again...
She undid the first button, and then the second. "Keep your hands to your side," she whispered. I closed my eyes... Then the third and forth. I took a deep breath, pushing my breasts forward, willing them out from behind the blouse. Her hands moved to my waist and around the back to undo the button on my skirt. I heard the soft sound of the zipper, slowly coming down. The skirt slid quickly over the silkiness of my skin and panties to puddle around my ankles. She undid the remaining buttons and pushed the blouse over my shoulders. It too slid quickly down my back to join the skirt on the floor. I stepped out of the crumpled clothing that lay at my feet. It was a liberating feeling to be standing there in front of two total strangers who obviously approved of what they saw. I felt proud too.
Frank stood up. The belt on his robe was looser now than before and exposed more of his hairy chest. His muscled stomach was covered with a thick carpet of dark hair, as well. He came closer and circled me, seeming to study my form. I felt like I was being inspected. My hair was done in an upsweep that concealed its length. When Frank took the pin out it fell softly in strawberry blonde waves down my back. I shook my head slightly, letting it free fall to my ass. They both breathed a deep sigh then... I stood there on display as he admired the curves and angles of my body, the smooth skin.
"Turn around for us, slowly, gracefully."
I did as I was told...
"Oh, better than I expected. Don't you agree Laura?"
I breathed a sigh of relief myself. The excitement I felt at his approval was overwhelming.
He picked up my glass of wine, placed it back in my hand, and sat back down on the couch signaling me to join him. Turning toward Laura, another nod. And with this Laura began slowly undressing herself. Frank and I both watched as this show unfolded. I couldn't take my eyes off of her. I sensed Frank watching my reactions. When my hand began to slip between my legs, he firmly took my wrist and set my hand back on my thigh.
She was breathtakingly beautiful with flawless skin and green eyes. As her clothes came off, piece by piece, she revealed ample breasts with large, dark nipples, a soft belly, wide hips and a round ass. The hair was thick and dark between her thighs. She resembled the women in the Victorian paintings I had so admired. I saw what it was that attracted Frank to photograph her. She stood there now, as proud to be on display as I had been earlier.
Silently, she turned and walked out of the room. Frank again took a firm hold on my wrist and lifted me to my feet. I had no choice but to follow them both...
We entered the bedroom and I looked around. A large four-poster bed was at the center of the room, a nightstand on either side. The bedclothes were lavish and elegant. There was photographic equipment everywhere. Tripods with cameras set up in each corner. Lighting and mirrors placed strategically around the room...
I had never posed in front of a camera before but that didn't mean I didn't know how. I knew myself like no one else, I was a master at the art of female masturbation and often employed a full length mirror in many of my sessions. How many times had I practiced this ritual in private? The music played on in the background, so without any inhibitions at all I began to dance. Feeling the rhythm in my very soul, I closed my eyes. I knew they were watching every move, I had a captive audience and it excited me even further...
Click... I heard the sound of a camera; this only distracted me for a second. When I opened my eyes, I saw Frank, camera in hand. Looking over to my side I saw Laura dancing to the same hypnotic rhythms as my own body. Not being able to resist her, I danced closer, removing my bra in the slowest, most seductive manner I could. Click...
The camera was snapping photos of us both now. The whirr and zip sounds exciting and provoking me to go on. With only my panties and heels on now, I came to Laura, hips swaying and undulating to the pulse of the music. The beat of the drum pounding in my head... Hands moving over my own body, showing off for every click, whirr and zip I heard. I put my hands in my hair, swirling and sweeping it. Back arching, the curls reaching to the backs of my knees. I knew this would excite Frank further. I loved every second of this tease. I was showing off for all of our pleasures. It was exhilarating. I'd never felt so free!
Approaching Laura from the front, our bodies met and swayed together in perfect timing to the cadence of the music. Taller than me by 6 inches, Laura proudly pushed her breasts in my face. I cupped them both in my hands, my tongue playing over the hard nipples, gently brushing them with my teeth. I looked upon her face in a worshipping pose. Click, whirr, zip... I felt Frank coming closer with each click.
Frank put the camera down and reached into the nightstand drawer, bringing out an amber bottle. He opened it and placed it on the tabletop. Frank told me, in no uncertain terms, that I was not to touch myself until he allowed me to. The wetness that had built up until now was seeping from between my swollen lips and onto the crotch of my panties. When I told Laura this, she smiled and sat me down on the edge of the mattress. Slipping a hand behind the band of satin, she pulled down my panties and exposed my unshaved mound. Click... I lifted my ass off the bed and she slipped them off. Pausing just a moment to inhale the scent from the cotton crotch, she handed them to Frank, who did the same.
The bottle contained a blend of oil, maybe patchouli and musk. Both of us fully naked now, Laura prompted me to lie back against the lush pile of pillows. Taking the amber bottle, she poured a thick puddle of oil onto her palms and began at my feet. Small with a high arch, an admirer would appreciate them. I flexed them at her, polished and manicured, each toe a tiny little fetish of worship. It became evident that Frank appreciates beautiful feet. Click, click, click... as Laura brought them to her face, massaging my ankles and up the lengths of the back of my calves. I stretched them toward the ceiling and she rose with them and drew her fingers down and over the backs of my knees.
She knelt between my legs then, more oil, poured directly in a long stream into my belly button and spilling slowly over the sides. Click whirr, zip... "Yes, that's it Laura," I heard Frank say. Massaging over my thighs, my hip bones, up my belly, my ribcage. The extra time she spent on that beautiful crease where my inner thigh meets my groin. Her breasts swinging over me, I couldn't resist them . Gently she let her hand brush over my pubic hair, taking care not to directly touch me there. Covering my breasts in the slickness she kneaded and massaged, sucking each in turn.
And all the while I could hear the camera, like the snap of a finger, the clicks coming quicker.
His robe was fully opened now, hanging straight down around hairy, muscular thighs, finally exposing his erection. His cock was beautiful. Long and thick, dark and veined. How I craved to see him stroke it.
Laura picked up the hairbrush that sat next to the bottle of oil. "Stand up Kathryn," Frank said. We both stood then, Laura behind me, and she began to brush my hair.
" Brush that beautiful mane, yes Laura that's perfect," he said. "Long, deep strokes."
I was in ecstasy. Click... and I know that Frank picked up each shiver that passed over my body.
A pause... a whisper from Frank, and Laura held me about the waist, pushing me between my shoulder blades. I fell forward towards the bed, my arms supporting me. I was surprised when I felt the smack of the hairbrush on my ass. Instinctively my hands went to protect myself. "NO!, Frank commanded, "keep your hands in front of you and on the bed" Shocked and thrilled at the feeling, the sting came again, and then a third time. My fingers clenched at the bed sheets... I let out a slight whimper and looked towards Frank who was smiling at the sight.
"Oh my god Laura that hurts so good," I moaned.
"Tell us Kathryn," she said, encouraging me to be vocal. "Tell us how good it stings. Do you like that?" With each smack of the hairbrush, I heard the camera click...
Frank spoke again... "Masturbate for us, my dear. Hold nothing back. Touch yourself, rub yourself, talk to us... You know what to do, let it come over you. I promise to capture every exquisite moment, every pleasure you experience." His words were more compelling than before. I didn't need much encouragement but how could I refuse that voice? I would have done anything for him. His cock was fully erect now but both hands remained on the camera. He was an experienced man of patience.
The redness, the heat I felt emanating from my ass cheeks being soothed now by Laura's soft licks and kisses. I felt no shame, no guilt... Only a burning desire to please.
Laying back on the pillows, with knees bent, I opened myself fully to the eye of the camera. I let my hands slide over my freshly oiled skin, like silk. Slipping over my hips, my belly and up to massage my breasts.
I heard Laura ask Frank if she could help me. "Let her start first," he responded.
"Yes Kathryn, make them hard and red, pinch them, pull on them"
I pinched my nipples hard then, pushing myself to accept the pain. Click... The camera captured the delightful agony I felt...
The more Frank gave orders, the more excitement I felt. With every click of the camera I became wilder and less inhibited. I played as though I were on a stage. Every movement, every stroke, deliberate. I put on a show that was better than anything I had ever played out in the past. The added bonus of an audience thrilled me beyond what I ever thought possible. So adept at self gratification, I brought myself to the edge several times only to hold back at the last moment. Oily fingers combing through the blond silky wisps of pubic hair. My pussy so wet with my sweet juices, mingling now with the oil scented of musk... Experienced fingers stroking, harder and faster now...  
Frank spoke again, "Tell us beautiful, tell us how you like doing this in front of strangers." "Bring your fingers to your lips, taste yourself" Click... "Yes, my dear," "What full lips you have. Suck on your finger like it was a cock in your mouth" Click again... Like a director, he called shot after shot, his orders becoming more and more insistent.
I felt Laura kneel on the bed beside me. Lowering herself onto my body, I fully accepted the weight of her heavy breasts placed upon my own. Automatically I pulled her closer.
Frank's commands were becoming more urgent... Almost as though he were reaching an orgasm himself, though he still had not touched his cock.
"Straddle her, I want to see both of your cunts together" "Lift up Laura, swing your breasts over those beautiful lips of hers."
Lifting my ass off the bed now, I met Laura's dripping pussy. Grinding together in perfect rhythm, oily bodies sliding easily together.
Frank pleading with us to be vocal... The camera clicking away as furiously as we pounded together. The friction of our swollen, hard clits bringing us to our climax.
I came first, erupting into fits of ecstasy... My head spun, hands grabbing furiously at her ass! Oh, god! I wanted her inside me, like a man.! "O, fuck! Yessss... Laura, please! Fuck me!!"
She came next, slamming her hips hard and fast against my body. Screaming "Now Frank, NOW!!"
I heard a low, slowly building moan coming from Frank's direction. Breathless, I looked over to see him stroking his thick shaft. His eyes closed, experiencing scenes I could only guess at. The muscles of his ass were clenching. His hand at once seemed to stop then and instead his hips began moving back and forth. He was fucking his hand, amazing. Faster and faster his ass and hips moved... The moans turned to grunts, guttural, throaty sounds, like those of an animal.
Laura begged, "Yes Frank, jerk it! Fuck yourself!! Cum now, let it go, yes! We both want it so bad! Shoot your load over us both, NOW!!"
And with those final words, Frank's orgasm took him over. His howls were beautiful to my ears. To know I was part of that orgasm made me writhe in Laura's arms. Thick, hot, creamy white ropes of cum sprayed over us, over the sheets and pillows. Streams of jism landing on my belly and breasts; on Laura's hips and shoulder. Frank knelt on the bed with a final deep moan, and gently toppled onto us. The three of us lay there in spent ecstasy. Our deep breathing was the only noise in the room...
That afternoon was the first of many encounters. With each session, the trust between us grew. Limits were established and then exceeded. Boundaries became few. Play toys of all kinds were never far from hand. Compatible in every way sexual, we took each other to masturbatory heights that any exhibitionist or voyeur would die to be part of...