Debbie stood at the mirror, rubbing her neck thoughtfully. Clotted blood covered almost half of it, jagged edges showing where Peter's teeth had bitten.
Only three days later, and she'd almost completely recovered.
"Explain to me again quite how I'm supposed to see getting as close to having my neck bitten off as you can get as a bonus," she said.
"Because of what it brings," Peter said.
"Yeah, I got that far. It's what it actually brings that I'm having the teeniest bit of trouble with here."
"Sceptic. And I thought you'd have gathered by now."
"Look, are you seriously trying to tell me I'm a-"
There was a knock at the door. Peter smiled with just the right mix of apology and secrecy, and went to answer it.
It was Jeremy again, this time with a small audio cassette box which he handed wordlessly to Peter. Peter nodded in similar silence and turned back into the room, closing the door. They both understood that gratitude was not required. This was to do with duty.
As was leaving Peter alone. This part was his to complete.
"Among other things that bite should have increased your intelligence, which was already considerable. Think back, think about that fight against the thugs... and just use logic. Shut emotion out of the loop, it's no good for this kind of thing."
"I can't just ignore my emotions!" Debbie shot back, staring at him angrily. At least he'd been right about one thing, she didn't feel like a conditioned slave any more. But she did still have to obey him... at least some of the time. When she'd regained consciousness she'd just tried to storm out, but he caught her eyes with those big black orbs and said "Stay on the bed," and she was back on the bed in nothing flat, or a little less.
"Yes, you can," he said. "It's just harder for you than it is for me. Concentrate."
Debbie stopped abruptly, seething with the most intense fury she'd felt since her mother had forbidden her from drinking bleach when she was five - which she was still embarrassed about - and silently tried blocking out emotion, as a prelude to saying 'There. See?', but suddenly... the anger wasn't there. That wasn't quite true, it was there, but in the background. And so deep in the background that she could see it as being someone else's problem.
"Shit."
"I think, er..." Peter let the sentence trail off. Debbie looked up, startled. His sentences always seemed to be perfectly formed before he said them, unless he was using it to some purpose. His eyes were black. Shit again.
"Fuck," he said. She cannoned off the bed and crashed into him, seizing him in a lustful bearhug that picked him off the ground and crushing his mouth beneath a kiss. As soon as he came out for air, Peter continued his sentence, knowing it wouldn't make any difference to the reaction Debbie was undergoing. "...is the preferred expletive for these situations." He grinned, and opened himself back up to his emotions.
***
Jeremy, in the next room, heard the sounds and leaned back. He returned to his copy of Dracula, and wondered how such an atrocious book ever got into an English Literature degree syllabus.
And he listened, and rolled his eyes. Whytey'd got distracted again...
He was so unlike his dad. Old man Whyte never, never, never got distracted from his duty. Peter... Peter had the charisma, the power, and the incredible capacity for gauging people's emotional states and acting in just the right way for them to do what he wanted them to, and he was vigilant enough in his duty never to appear to fall out of line, but he was so bad... not at containing his emotions, but at choosing to do so. When he had to, he did; the rest of the time, like when he needed to concentrate on an essay, or something of merely academic importance...
The breed had very fine distinguishing lines for levels of decorum.
***
Debbie rolled off him, exhausted. Peter stood up and smiled. "Happy now?" he asked.
"Happier. What's this tape?" she said, emotion vanishing between sentences.
"It isn't. It's just a handy container of the right size. See, we'd appreciate it if you joined the club, as is your entitlement. These days... well, someone read in our statutes we were male-only and sued. We simply broadened our statute. Females can join, but as before, they have to be elected in by the current membership. We currently have three female members. Most of the breed's female contingent elect not to join. But we'd - I'd - prefer it if you did. And that carries with it - well, being of the breed carries with it; we'd insist on this even if you didn't join - certain privileges. Such as not having to worry about further mind control. In the box, among other things, are devices that will prevent such things."
"They must be small."
"The process enhances intelligence, Debbie, it doesn't cause you to state the obvious."
For want of a smart reply, Debbie stuck her tongue out at him. He grinned reflexively, and she felt a smug satisfaction ripple through her at an unplanned reaction.
"Fair enough. I do get a bit pompous at times. In any case, we have a variety of devices, but the primary two," he opened the case and took out two slim grey metal tubes of less than half an inch in length, "are guards against, in this case mechanical and in this case magical, methods of mental compulsion. It won't help you against me, sadly, as that compulsion is already in there; but a bit of practice and I imagine you'll be able to resist me fairly soon. If it's all the same to you, I'd like to implant them before the physiological reinforcement really begins to take hold. Give me your hand, please."
Without being compelled, Debbie held out her hand. This stuff could be useful. "Physiological reinforcement?"
"It's very simple, really. Apply yourself and you'll soon figure it out. May I suggest you start with myths and try out the words 'lesser creatures' as applying to humans?"
***
"I think we're almost ready," Alex said. "Are we in agreement?"
Around the table, the other members of the Waterford League of Gentlemen gentlemen's club nodded, one by one.
"Good," Alex said. "Jonathan, I think we're ready for your part in this."
Jonathan nodded. He picked up the phone and dialled.
***
Jane's mobile rang while she was dealing with her paperwork in CID. She sighed and answered it.
"Yes?"
"It's me, Jonathan."
Jane's eyes blanked out. Her face lost it's appearance of boredom as she entered a reality in which boredom wasn't an option, even if compelled to wait motionless for the rest of her life. Which would be a long time if she spent it motionless, not using much energy.
"Yes, master," she said softly.

Jonathan rolled his eyes and covered the phone mouthpiece. "Remind me to make the changes to her psyche, would you? I feel awful about this..."
"You're doing your job, Jonathan, that's all. In this case using her as a robot is excusable. Otherwise we could end up with a policewoman on a guilt trip. That would be a hindrance; we might have to spend half an hour or more dealing with them." Alex winked.
Jonathan shrugged uneasily and returned to the conversation. "There is a woman called Adrienne Little in the cells of your station, correct?"
"Yes, master."
"Good. Now, I want you to go out and have lunch. Spend exactly half an hour on lunch, then go back to the station. Get your Mace, write out a retirement note on your PC, send it to your DI, go downstairs, Mace the custody officers, open her cell, and leead her out. Give her a lift back to her home in your car. Then go to my house, let yourself in, and wait with the lights out. Understood?"
"Yes, master."
"Good."
Jonathan put the phone down and wiped the thin layer of sweat from his forehead. "I hated that," he said, with feeling.
"Well, change it when you get back."
"I intend to."
"Good," Alex said. He stood. "I'm going home. I won't be back in time to see Adrienne arrive, much as I might have liked, but I believe Jane's off shift soon in any case. I'll let Erin know to let Kirk know. The operation begins tomorrow, gentlemen. Have a pleasant night."
MORE TO COME...