DISCLAIMER: Not to be read by anyone under the age of majority in their area. This story is pure fantasy and should be treated as such; I do not condone any attempt to duplicate it except as a game for two consenting adults who want to try it.

WHAT I DO ON MY HOLIDAYS

Most businesses that get business from others seem to have dry periods where not much work comes in, just like seasonal businesses. And generally, this is when most of the staff take their holidays. Our company is pretty usual in that respect.
It's not usual in when we get our dry periods, though; mid-March to mid-April is our time.
And, as usual, I was one of the people who volunteered to man the office in case of emergencies. I've been running this racket now for four years, ever since I found out what the bloody thing was for, and it never fails; me and one of the girls, two or three weeks to ourselves in the office.
This year, the lucky girl was Kirsty. Kirsty looked like being lucky for me, too; while she was, admittedly, a bit of an airhead, and the type of airhead who chatters on and on and on, too, she was a real looker. Long, shapely legs topped by a perfectly-formed backside, and full breasts of just the right size for her build, topped off by long, straight blonde hair. Even if it was generally tied up in a bun. And we'd have two whole weeks with no one else in the office... I couldn't help smiling.
It's not a huge place, our office; three floors, the ground floor's got the reception and a couple of offices, the first floor's got the rest of the offices, and the top floor's the rec room; drinks machine, snack machine, pool table, table football table, hi-fi, TV, video, and a few sofas - what with this little lot, most of our work gets done in the afternoon when we get over the night before's hangover, but we turn a tidy profit anyway and the boss understands.
The first day of the dry period I generally spend the morning playing pool and waiting for my colleague to arrive; since the boss is also away they generally turn up late. I bring the laptop and the phone in and set it up ready, so if anyone comes in the receptionist can let me know and if anyone calls I'll be ready to answer. No one ever does, but it's as well to be sure.
"Hi, Steve," Kirsty said as she walked in and got herself a drink from the machine.
"Hi," I said. "Want a game of pool?"
"Ah, it's not my game."
"I'm not great either," I pointed out, "and I'm the only one here. You wouldn't exactly be embarrassing yourself."
She sipped her diet Coke noncommittally. "Mm..."
"Anyway," I said, making light of it, "what else is there to do for the next couple of weeks?"
"You've got a point. Go on, then. But I'm still gonna be crap."
"If you insist," I said, setting up the table. The game got under way quite quickly and I simply bided my time for an opportunity to put the thing into action.
Soon enough, she came to take a shot standing directly in front of me, with her back to me. I took the pendant out of my pocket and flicked it over her head and around her neck, then showed her my ring.
The amber in the ring and the amber in the pendant both flared so bright they became white for a moment. She froze; I walked around to see her face and noted with approval that her eyes appeared to be covered in some sort of clear film that hid the vitality of the person beneath, as usual. I took a hold of the cue and said "Open your hands."
She did automatically, instantly, and I put it to one side. As I did the film cleared from her eyes, showing instead a spark of purest pleasure.
"Stand to attention," I said. She did once more, unhesitatingly, unthinkingly. And once more, in her eyes, that flicker of pleasure, quickly suppressed back into total emotionlessness.
"Now I want you to speak your thoughts exactly as they pass through your mind."
"Must resist must resist must resist must resistmustresistmustresistmustresistmust...obey... must obey... I must obey."
"Very good. Now we'll proceed to our relative positions in this world. I am your master."
"You are my master," she said. No trace of emotion reached her voice, but once more in her eyes there came that flash of ecstasy.
"You are my slave," I said.
"I am your slave, master."
"The only thing in this world that matters is my pleasure."
"The only thing in this world that matters is your pleasure, master."
"You have no mind of your own."
"I have no mind of my own, master."
"You are incapable of independent action."
"I am incapable of independent action, master."
"Your body and possessions are mine to do with as I choose."
"My body and possessions are mine to do with as you choose, master."
She seemed to have grasped the basics. "That's good. Well done, slave. Now, while I summon your fellow slaves, pleasure me."
I picked up the phone as she knelt before me and unzipped my fly. Extricating my cock from my trousers, she nursed it into it's full pride with a skilful hand before surrounding it with her mouth. She brought me off with record time, swallowing my come as she did, and then, knowing nothing else to do, continued to obey her orders, taking my member in hand once more and gently tugging it back into business.
Meanwhile, I called both of the women who had entered into my servitude in previous years, and ordered them to come into the office with a few short words, that being all I cared to speak while such an expert tongue was ministering to me.
I knew they wouldn't resist; once you have worn the pendant you are forever enslaved to the wearer of the ring. This being the case, I put the phone back down. Kirsty sucked me off once more and then ceased, sitting back on her heels and staring up at me, waiting to be told what to do. I took the pendant off her and pocketed it again.
I tucked myself back in and zipped up. "Now, slave, whether you were paying attention or not, you will have noticed how the balls are supposed to be set up for pool. Now, set them back up. When your fellow slaves return, you'll be playing strip pool."
"Strip pool, master?" she asked, even as she busied herself setting up the pool table again.
"Yes. Every time you miss a ball, I get to take a piece of your clothing off. You're all shit at playing, so you should all be naked before too long." I smiled.
"Yes, master."
I started to play with her tits through the shirt, not wanting to actually undress her until the game started.
Thankfully, I didn't have to wait long. Leanne and Janet arrived within five minutes of each other, each dressed in their business suits. They had been waiting, dressed in that way, motionless, for the last weekend. They knew what was required of them at this time of the year.
"The game is strip pool, girls. Since Leanne actually has some skill at the game, she will be partnered with Kirsty, who I have already observed to be hopeless. Missing a ball will result in the removal of one item of clothing from both Leanne and Kirsty. And with that understood, we begin. Janet, you will break." I handed her the cue; with a blank "Yes, master," she bent to the game and struck the cue ball, just as my hand cracked onto her skirt, stretched taut across her buttocks.
The ball hit the pack, but only just. A couple of balls split away, but otherwise the triangle layout was untouched.
"Since it is the break, you do not forfeit your shoes. Leanne and Kirsty to play; Leanne will shoot first, and you will alternate turns."
A duet of "Yes, master"s followed, then Leanne bent over the table in concentration.
***
It didn't take long to get the trio nude. Leanne and Kirsty I rendered attracted to each other from the off; they spent Janet's shots locked in each other's embrace. As soon as Leanne finally potted the black they ended up lying wrapped together on top of the table, fingering each other madly. I took Janet over to the couch and satisfied myself there for a while, then I decided to break up their embrace.
This promised to be another fornight of delights...