Author: MikeCA
Title: My Girlfriend
Part: Chapter 10
Universe: Pure Strip Poker
Summary: Lary meets Mary and is drawn into a series of strip poker games as their relationship slowly develops.
Keywords: MF, strippoker
===========================================================
WARNING: THIS STORY CONTAINS MATERIAL OF A SEXUAL NATURE, AND 
MAY INCLUDE GRAPHIC DESCRIPTIONS OF CONSENTUAL SEX. IF YOU FIND 
SUCH MATERIAL OFFENSIVE, ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 18, OR THE STATE 
OR COUNTRY IN WHICH YOU RESIDE PROHIBITS SUCH MATERIAL, THEN 
DO NOT READ ANY FURTHER. THIS STORY IS EROTIC FICTION INTENDED 
FOR ADULT ENTERTAINMENT. THE AUTHOR DOES NOT NECESSAARILY 
CONDONE OR ENDORSE THE BEHAVIOR DESCRIBED IN THIS STORY. ALL 
PERSONS AND EVENTS IN THIS STORY ARE FICTITIOUS AND ANY 
SIMILARITY TO PERSONS LIVING OR DEAD OR TO ACTUAL EVENTS IS 
PURELY COINCIDENTAL.
===========================================================

Pure Strip Poker

By MikeCA (mikeca42@gmail.com)

@(C) Copyright 1999 by MikeCA, all rights reserved, except those 
described below. Permission is granted to download, archive, and 
repost provided that the contents are not altered, including the 
disclaimers, copyrights and limitations on use and provided that no 
fee is charged for access.


Pure Strip Poker

Chapter 10 My Girlfriend

At three in the morning, when Mary flopped over on me for the fourth 
or fifth time, I decided to sleep on the floor. Those romantic pictures 
of couples sleeping in each other arms look good in the movies, but 
you can't really sleep that way. I thought about sleeping in Beth's bed, 
but wasn't sure what Mary would think about that so I dragged the 
blanket off Beth's bed and went to sleep on the floor next to Mary's 
bed. 

When I woke up Mary was standing next to me in a bathrobe. 

"Good morning sleepy head," Mary said with a smile.

"Uuuhh...good morning," I mumbled still half asleep.

Slowly things began to fall back into place. I was sleeping on the floor 
in Mary's room because she kept kicking me when I tried to sleep in 
her bed. These dorm beds were definitely not designed for sleeping 
two people. I was still naked under the blanket after last night's 
activities. 

I sat up and looked around. I spotted my clothes still lying on the floor 
after last night's strip poker game. I leaned over and grabbed my 
underpants and started to slip them back on under the blanket. 

"Just a minute there Larry," Mary said. "I won those last night. I get 
to keep them."

I looked up at Mary. I had forgotten that she said that, but now I 
remembered agreeing to it. Of course, I had expected to win when I 
agreed to it, but no big deal.

"Oh, I forgot," I said, taking them back off. "Here, you can add them 
to your strip poker trophy case."

"Thanks," Mary said, as she knelt down next to me and planted a kiss 
on my cheek. 

"You know Larry," Mary said.  "You did that well last night. If you 
didn't tell me it was your first time, I would think you had been 
practicing."

"You were great too," I said. "But right now I really have to get 
dressed and answer a call of nature."

"Well, then don't let me get in your way," said Mary as she handed 
me my jeans and shirt.

I pulled my jeans up very carefully, since I wasn't wearing underwear. 
I headed out of Mary's room. It was a long way to the men's 
bathroom. By the time I got back, Mary was already dressed. 

"I think we missed breakfast," Mary said.

"I usually do on Sunday," I said. 

I felt awkward. What was I supposed to say now? What was I 
supposed to do? I had never slept with a girl before. What did you say 
in the morning?

"There is a coffee shop over on Main Street," I finally said. "We 
could get some coffee..."

"Ok, yeah. That sounds good. I can't hang around all day though. I 
have got a bunch of work to get done today."

"So do I. Look, I really need to shave. Why don't I run by my dorm 
and meet you there in say...half an hour?"

"That sounds fine," Mary replied with a smile. She reached out and 
kissed me on the cheek.

"You look uncomfortable in those jeans," Mary said, as I headed out 
the door. "You better put some underwear on before you hurt yourself 
or something."

"I was planning on it," I said as I turned down the hall.

In fact, I really didn't need to shave that badly, but I did need to get 
some underwear.

A half an hour later I was wearing clean underwear and feeling much 
better when I met Mary outside the coffee shop on Main Street. We 
got two cups of plain coffee and some muffins and found a table.

"Ahh...I'm not sure how to ask this, but ... well are we ... you know ... 
going together now?" I asked.

Mary smiled. "Do you want to be?" she replied.

"Yeah," I said. "I mean, if you want to."

"Oh, Larry, of course I want to. You know that, don't you?"

"Well, I wasn't sure. I've never had a real girlfriend before."

"And I've never had a real boyfriend before either. So it's a first for 
both of us."

This was followed by an awkward pause. Mary smiled and sipped her 
coffee. I finally felt I had to say something.
 
"So, besides strip poker, what things do you like to do?" That was a 
silly question, but all I could think of.

Mary smiled and half-giggled. "Well...I'm a pretty simple girl. I like 
movies and music and TV. You know, simple stuff like that."

"So what do you want to do next weekend?"

"Well...I think there'll be the big strip poker game on Friday."

"Do we have to go to that?"

Mary laughed.

"Well...I have promised lots of people to be there...besides it will be 
fun. We just need to be careful to make sure we don't loose."

"Are those people from last nights game really going to play in this 
game?"

"I think so," Mary said. "I'll have to check with them. I sort of 
wonder about Fred after what Sally and Carrie did to him last night, 
but..."

"Yeah, stealing his clothes and taking them down to the lounge, that 
was a dirty trick. What are they going to do after the next game?"

"Oh...I didn't tell you about that." Mary had that mischievous smile 
again.

"Didn't tell me what?"

"Ah...the loser of next weeks game has to streak the campus."

"What!!! Streak the campus, you're kidding, right?" 

"Shh...not so loud," Mary said, looking around to see if anyone was 
staring at us. Mary wasn't kidding. 

For those who are not familiar with the great university tradition of 
streaking, it means running naked across the campus, usually at night. 
The most popular route is to run from the south campus entrance 
through the center of campus and out the northwest gate. Most 
streakers do not run alone. They have several clothed people who run 
`escort' with them to provide protection from anyone who might try to 
accost them. The escorts can also carry a sweat suite or something the 
streaker can throw on in case the campus police show up, but that is 
rarely a problem.

Most streakers are men, although there are always stories of women 
streakers. I had never seen a streak, although I had heard there had 
been one earlier this year. I had always wondered why people would 
do something like that. I figured they were either exhibitionists or had 
lost a stupid bet. It never occurred to me that they might have lost a 
strip poker game!

After looking around and deciding that no one had taken notice of my 
outburst, Mary continued in a soft voice. "It will be late at night, right 
after the game, so there won't be many people around, and the 
winners will all run escort for the losers to make sure nothing bad 
happens, so it'll be safe."

"But...but...I don't want to streak the campus," I protested.

"Well, I certainly don't want to either," Mary replied. "If we play 
carefully, just like we did last night, there should be no problem."

"But we got some pretty good cards last night. What happens if we 
just don't get any playable cards?"

"Then we just fold our hands and wait for others to make mistakes. 
With the people who will be playing in this game, I'm sure somebody 
else will make the big mistakes."

"But...what happens if we get a full house or something and get beat 
by somebody with a higher full house or four of a kind?"

"Well...we need to be real, real careful," Mary said. "As long as there 
are people with less clothes on than we have, we don't need to win a 
hand, so we don't take any chances. We let the others take chances 
and wait for them to make the mistakes."

What Mary said made sense, as long as we did not get a real bad run 
of cards and everyone else played well. I guess the chances of that 
were slim. 

After all the strip poker games, I was no longer frightened by the 
thought of dropping my shorts in front of this group of girls. I had 
seen most of these girls naked already, and most of them had seen me 
naked too, if only briefly, but the idea of running naked across the 
campus caused a knot in my stomach. 

"Late at night it's kind of cold for streaking isn't it?" I asked.

"Yeah, I guess so. Another good reason to make sure we don't lose"

It was clear I was not going to talk Mary out of this, so I would just 
have to make the best of it and try to make sure it wasn't us who 
streaked the campus next weekend.

"Well...if we already have plans for Friday night, how about a movie 
on Saturday night?"

"Ok. What would you like to see?"

I hadn't thought about that and really didn't even know what was 
playing.

"Ah.... I'll let you pick the movie." 

I guess I was going to find out the hard way what kind of movies 
Mary liked. Even if Mary picked some dopey romantic girl movie, I 
still got to spend two hours in a dark theater with Mary. Not too bad, 
but better if we could spend a few hours in my room afterwards. I 
would have to talk to Marc, my roommate, and make a deal for the 
room on Saturday night.

"Well, I've got a lot of work to do today, so I better get going," I said. 
"I'll call you tonight, ok?"

"I've got to get to work too," Mary said. 

A few minutes later we parted company with a kiss in front of Mary's 
dorm and I headed back to my room to hit the books. 

I called and talked with Mary every night and we met at the library to 
study together for a few hours on Tuesday night, but I found it really 
hard to concentrate with Mary there. My mind kept wandering off to 
events of Saturday night and that would cause and uncomfortable 
bulge in my pants. 

I really wanted to just pick Mary up and carry her back to my room 
for a repeat of Saturday night. The only problem was Marc and 
Charlene already were doing it back in my room, which is why I was 
studying at the library. Mary's goody-goody roommate Beth ruled out 
her room, so we were stuck. Then a thought crossed my mind. I had 
heard stories of people doing it someplace back in the stacks of the 
library. Maybe I could get Mary to give me a blowjob right there in 
the library. I decided I better stop thinking so much.

Before we parted, Mary said the game was now all set for Friday 
night, and that almost everyone would be there. Even Fred had 
apparently been convinced to play. That was good. More players 
meant less chance of us losing. That made me feel better.

By Friday I had gotten use to the idea that the loser of tonight's game 
was going to the streak the campus and I had spent at least one hour 
each night reviewing my poker book to make sure I was as sharp as 
possible. While I wished that Mary hadn't gotten me into this, I was 
confident that Mary and I would not be the ones streaking the campus. 
That was before I ran into Vicky.

"Hey...Larry," I heard a female voice call as I walked back to my 
dorm after my German class.  I turned and saw Vicky, Kat's 
roommate. Vicky was the girl I had bluffed out of a hand in a strip 
poker game at her apartment a few weeks ago. Mary had told me that 
Vicky was mad at me and wanted to get even with me for stripping 
her in that game. 

"Hi, Larry," Vicky said with a smile as she walked up to me. If Vicky 
was smiling at me, I was probably in trouble.

"I hear that you are going to be...ah...as they say...doing a little 
streaking tonight."

"Where did you hear that?" I replied.

"Oh...just around," Vicky smiled.

"Well it's not true. At least it's not going to be me who's going to be 
doing the streaking."

"I wouldn't be so sure of that Larry," Vicky smiled. "I heard that 
Sharon has invited a real poker pro to this game. Some guy named 
Les. He's going to beat you out of your clothes and send you running 
home naked."

"Well...I wouldn't believe everything you hear," I replied, trying not 
to sound nervous.

"I just wanted to let you know that I'm going to be there tonight 
waiting for you," Vicky said.

"You're going to play in the poker game tonight?"

"No, silly," Vicky replied. "I'm going to be waiting on campus for 
you to a...run by.  Oh, and I'll have my camera too."

It had never occurred to me that somebody might have a camera on 
the campus in the middle of the night. 

"Well...you could just take your picture now, because this is all you're 
going to see tonight. I have no intention of losing."

"We'll see," Vicky said, looking down at my jeans. "I'm hoping to 
see at least a little something there." Vicky giggled, then turned and 
walked away.

I hoped Vicky wasn't serious. The girls wouldn't invite a poker pro to 
the game. She was just saying that to make me nervous, and it was 
working.  As soon as I got back to the dorm I called Mary, but no one 
answered the phone. 

I changed clothes, then sat around the room thinking things over. I 
was sure Vicky had just made that story up, but she clearly knew 
about the strip poker game tonight and she knew that the loser would 
streak the campus. If she knew that, then how many other people 
knew it? I had expected the campus to be completely deserted by the 
time this game was over. Was there going to be a big crowd of people 
who had heard about the game waiting for the loser? Some of them 
with cameras? That was a disconcerting thought.

I tried to call Mary again, and this time she answered the phone.

"I ran into Vicky today," I said.

"Oh," Mary replied.

"She seemed to know all about tonight's game," I said.

"She knows Sharon and Kristen pretty well, so I'm not surprised."

"Vicky said there was going to be a poker professional named Les at 
the game tonight."

Mary laughted. 

"I think Vicky was trying to tweak you, and it sounds like it worked. 
There is somebody named Les who is suppose to be there tonight, but 
he's some friend of Sharon's and he certainly isn't a poker 
professional."

"That's what I thought," I said. "Vicky also claimed she was going to 
wait on campus with a camera for the loser to streak."

Mary laughed again.

"Vicky really tweaked you didn't she. You have to be careful about 
bluffing girls out of their clothes in these strip poker games. I'm sure 
Vicky has better things to do with her Friday night than camp out all 
night in the hopes of getting a picture of ...um...well, of you in the 
buff."

"Well, yeah, but how many other people know about the game?"

"Vicky is a good friend of Sharon's, so I wouldn't worry about it. Just 
relax. If you keep your cool, we won't lose and it won't matter if 
Vicky has a CNN news crew there waiting for you."

"Ok. I'll pick you up after dinner."

"I'll probably meet you in the lobby," Mary added. "I want to avoid 
having to explain too much to Beth."

Mary was indeed waiting for me in the lobby. She was wearing the 
same tight fitting white blouse and full blue skirt with a white flower 
pattern that she wore to the first strip poker game.

"Ready for the big game, Larry?" Mary asked. "Or are you still 
spooked by Vicky."

"Well...I did see a CNN truck go by on the way over, so they do 
seemed to be getting ready for something big."

"Don't be silly," Mary said as we headed out of the dorm and started 
the long trek into the student ghetto south of the campus.

Mary wanted to make sure I remembered all the rules and strategy for 
tonight's game. This game was going to be different from the previous 
games. Mary and I would play as a team, with six pieces of clothes 
each for a total of twelve pieces. Mary thought there were going to be 
9 couples total in the game, so Sharon and Kristen's apartment was 
going to be crowded.  

This would be a nine handed game of draw poker. There was no ante, 
but we were using the must open rule like we had used in last 
Saturday's practice game. Before the draw, you had to have at least a 
pair of Jacks to open the betting, and the opening bet was always one 
item of clothes. As soon as one player opened, everyone else had to 
see this bet. This replaced the ante. After the draw, each bet or raise 
was one or two items of clothes.

To bet an item of clothes, you had to take it off. To make the game go 
a little faster the girls had decided that only underwear could be put 
back on, even if you won it right back. That meant as soon as you bet 
your pants, they were gone until the game was over. The game ended 
when the first couple lost all their clothes, and that couple would be 
the one to streak the campus. Of course it was always possible that 
more than one couple would be striped on the same hand, in which 
case they all would streak the campus.  

The rest of the players could put their clothes back on before the 
streak. The losers would only be given back their clothes after the 
streak. Mary said they had some jogging suits for the losers to wear 
from the apartment until they got back to campus.
 
Mary's strategy to avoid being the streaker tonight was simple. If you 
folded every hand after the draw, you would lose just one item of 
clothes for your must open bet. This meant you could survive 12 
hands without betting. Mary doubted that the game would go 12 
hands. Mary wanted us to play very tight. Just fold unless you had a 
sure winner, like a full house or better. Even then, we had to be real 
careful that we did not get beat by a higher full house or something. If 
we didn't get any really good hands, we would just fold and hope that 
someone else would lose before we were stripped. Given the caliber 
of players in this game, it sounded like a good strategy to me.

We finally arrived at the once elegant, now defaced house I 
remembered from our first two strip poker games. As I walked up the 
stairs to the second floor apartment, I remembered how I had felt the 
night of that first strip poker game. I had been very unsure of myself. 
Unsure whether I could take my clothes off in front of strange girls, 
unsure if I knew how to play poker, and, most of all, unsure of where I 
stood with Mary. Tonight as I walked up the stairs, I was sure of 
myself.

As Mary knocked at the door, I could hear several people talking 
inside. Kristen answered the door and let us in. The apartment already 
seemed crowed. As I looked around, I recognized Betty and Joe from 
our earlier games. Sally, Jill, Kevin and Rick from last Saturday's 
game were already here too. Then I noticed a couple I didn't 
recognize standing in the kitchenette talking with George. 

"Who's that talking to George?" I whispered to Mary. 

"Don't know," Mary replied. "Must be that poker pro that Vicky told 
you about. Let's go introduce ourselves."

As Mary and I walked up, George noticed us and said, "Hey, Mary, 
nice to see you again, and nice to see you too, Larry."

I smiled. The way George said that made me think he was hoping to 
get to see a little more of Mary tonight.

"Let me introduce you to Linda and Les," George continued. 

Les looked to be just over 6 feet tall, and had a good athletic build, but 
I barely noticed him as I reached for Linda's hand. Linda smiled as 
she shook my hand. Linda had long blond hair, and a very attractive 
figure that was accentuated by a tight sweater and a short skirt. Linda 
clearly was trying to look like a knockout, and had pretty much 
succeeded. 

"Les is an old friend of Sharon's," George said.

"George means an old boyfriend," Les smiled, as he reached out to 
shake my hand. 

"An old boyfriend!" Mary exclaimed. "That is interesting."

"Sharon and I parted on good terms," Les said. "I just heard about the 
game and asked if I could come. At least I hope Sharon hasn't stacked 
the deck or something to get even with me."

"I heard you were a poker professional," I said.

"Well, that is a little bit of an exaggeration, I think," Les said. "I do 
play poker for money some..."

"Like every week," inserted Linda.

"...but it's just a small stakes home game," continued Les.

"He has already won enough money this semester to pay for his 
tuition for the whole year," Linda said in a matter of fact tone.

"Yeah, but I was just lucky," Les said. "There're a couple of frat guys 
with lots of money that started playing almost every week. They think 
they know a lot about poker, but they are very easy to read. I just got 
some good cards and made a couple of killings against them."

It sounded like Vicky had not been too far off base in describing Les 
as a poker pro. I was wondering how much Linda knew about poker. 
If Linda was a decent poker player, we might all be in trouble with 
this couple in the game.

I glanced over to see Fred and Carrie arrive. So Carrie had actually 
persuaded Fred to come, in spite of what she and Sally did to him 
after last Saturdays game. I wonder what inducements Carrie had 
offered Fred to convince him to come? It probably would not be polite 
to ask.

I looked around the room at all the girls. I had already seen most of 
them naked at one of our previous strip poker games. Sharon was the 
big loser at the second game. I had seen Kristen completely naked at 
that second game too. Cathy had only her panties left at the end of that 
second game. Jill had been stripped in last Saturday's game and Carrie 
had ended up topless. That left only Betty, who by some miracle had 
never lost her bra or panties in all the games and Sally who had done 
very well in last Saturday's game. Then, of course, there was Linda. I 
would certainly like to see a little more of Linda, but with her poker 
playing boyfriend that did not seem too likely. 

I guess everyone was here now and we seemed to be getting ready to 
get started. Sharon turned off the music to get everyone's attention.

"Ok, everyone is here, so I think we can get started in a few minutes," 
Sharon said. "I think you all know the rules, but just in case you want 
to review them, I have a couple of copies of them here."

Sharon held up a few sheets of paper, but I did not feel I needed to 
read the rules, even though they were a little different for this game.
Mary had gone over all the rules with me several times.

"Now remember, each couple will take turns playing the hands, and 
the person who is playing the hand has total authority to decide on the 
play of that hand, including how much clothes to bet. Since we will 
alternate who plays the hand, each of you will play every other hand 
against the same players. We will divide up so there will be close to 
equal numbers of male and female players in each hand."

Mary and I began to move out of the kitchenette to join the circle of 
players in the living area.  Mary went over and stood next to Betty and 
Joe and I joined her. Kristen came over and stood next to us on the 
other side as the couples formed a rough circle.

"Ok," Sharon said. "Now I will play the first hand. We want to 
alternate boy girl around the circle, so that means Les you will play 
the first hand too, and Jill you will play also, and ..."

"Kevin," Kevin injected when it was clear Sharon either didn't know 
his name or had forgotten it.

"Ah, yes, Kevin you will play this hand, ... and Betty ... and Larry... 
and Kristen... and Fred... and Cathy," Sharon said as she went around 
the circle. That left Sharon and Cathy playing next to each other, but 
with nine couples, that had to happen. 

I glanced around the circle at the people I would have to play. The 
only one who really worried me was Les. I had played everyone else 
at least once and felt I knew how they played, but Les was a real 
unknown.

Sharon got the two decks of cards and began to shuffle the cards as 
the players sat down on the floor in a circle to start the game. As I 
looked around the circle, I realized I had almost forgotten that the 
loser of this game had to streak the campus. While it might be niece to 
strip some of these girls, the important thing was to make sure that 
Mary and I were not the ones that had to run naked across the campus 
tonight.

Sharon dealt out the cards and I reached downs to pick up my first 
hand.

Continued in Chapter 11

Comments, criticism, encouragement, corrections or suggestions are 
welcome. I try to answer all my email, although I sometimes get 
behind. MikeCA(mikeca42@gmail.com)
