This is a work of fiction. All characters and events are imaginary. Any similarity with real life events is purely coincidental. Some of these stories contain erotic and often very violent and immoral content. To continue reading, you should be 18 years or older, and over the age of majority in your country. You should also understand the difference between fiction and reality. If any of these conditions do not apply, leave now.

----------------------------------------------------------------

Author: Doppelganger
Main website: http://www.asstr.org/~doppelganger/
Title: The Republic and The State
Keywords: (M/F, M/f, m/F, m/f, humil, tragic, viol)
Optional Keywords: (snuff, job)

----------------------------------------------------------------



Dates in this text are referred to as "Years From Present" (YFP).



In the decades 20-40 YFP, the birthrate descent caused by the increasing importance of women's professional career caused a demographic crisis in the developed countries. This led to a resurgence of sexism and public acceptance of the patriarchal culture from the past, and labor conditions of women toughened in order to favor a return to the household, including having children. Parallelly, other social changes took place, as the steady decline of women in positions of responsibility, and the reduction of the value of the female vote to a quarter, in order to limit their influence in politics. However, the drop in female labor supply had negative consequences for the economy during the 50 YFP decade, specially in some sectors that relied heavily on female labor. During the decade of 60 YFP, considering the existing labor conditions of women, with very low salaries and and reduced labor rights, and the male sexist culture which by then was seen as something normal, most governments devised as a solution to increase female birthrate so that in two decades there would be a lot of cheap labor. This was achieved by making single women to have only daughters, using artificially fertilized female gametes, and also using fiscal measures to encourage them into having at least two daughters. By 80 YFP, the new generation of females were beginning to be able to work. Soon the ratio between women and men became 2:1, with around half of the women married and the other half employed with an average salary one third of a man, and reduced voting rights. Soon, labor rights began to be curtailed too.



At the beginning of 90 YFP, most men did not even remember the time of political correctness before the first reforms, and saw the male sexist culture of the moment as natural and legitimate. The women had been removed from all major political parties, as well as management positions. Most women were born too after the first reforms, and although they had heard and read about the days of gender equality, they had been raised in a male sexist culture that had taught them to be relatively resigned with their situation if they didn't want problems, and to choose between searching a husband and obeying him, or looking for work and obeying their boss. Some nonconformist women, most of them educated as such by their mothers or grandmothers, who had lived the times of gender equality, led to a movement which advocated for a gradual return of political, fiscal and labor rights for women, to ultimately restore equality, and in most countries a "Equality Party" was formed with the same goal. Despite the numerical advantage, which in 90 YFP reached 4 women per man on average, the lower weight of the female vote (one quarter of men) and the aforementioned conformity of many women, the movement did not receive sufficient support in all countries . In some, fear also played a role: in the elections during the decade of 90 YFP, there were often threats from extreme masculinist groups to all women who went to vote. These threats were fulfilled with numerous attacks, some fatal, to women who had been seen exercising their right. Most of these incidents were not investigated. 

TO BE CONTINUED

