Bright Sparks Children’s Home
by Vanessa Evans

Part 08 – Going Home

Well that was the ‘interesting’ parts of the holiday, and it finally came time for them to pack up and return home. The girls pleaded with Dennis to let them travel naked, but he insisted that they put some clothes on if they wanted to go into the service area, and that was what they did.

Mandy accepted that she couldn’t travel naked as she was sat up the front alongside Dennis.


When they arrived home everyone was surprised to see that the extension looked complete but Dennis assured them that it wouldn’t be, that there’d still be a lot to do inside.

After they’d unloaded all their personal belongings Dennis asked for 2 volunteers to help unload the equipment at the stores and take the minibus back. He was surprised when Ruth and Angela stuck their hands up.

“Okay,” he thought, not thinking that they would have to climb onto the roof and that they were both wearing very, very short dresses.


The poor storeman nearly had a heart attack when he looked up and saw 2 pussies staring down at him.

“They err, aren’t err.” The man tried to say.

“Don’t worry about it mate, they’re not worried so why should you?” 

“Well err, okay then.” The storeman replied, still looking up.


It took twice as long to unload the minibus as it had to load it 2 weeks earlier.

After they’d dropped off the minibus they had to get home and the only real option was to go by bus, two separate buses and both girls took it in turn to go up the stairs in front of other men going upstairs on the bus.


Back home Dennis was pleased to see that the naked Mandy had got the kids started on the washing and put in an online order for the food that was needed quite quickly.


Of course, everyone wanted to look at the extension but Dennis managed to keep them inside while he went to see if the architect, Ian Johnson was on-site to get an update and to see if he could have a look inside the extension.

He found him and was happy when Ian gave him a hard hat and told Dennis to follow him. Dennis was pleased with the progress. The new kitchen was well on it’s way to being ready, as were the new bathrooms although Ian asked Dennis why there were urinals in both bathrooms. Dennis lied, telling Ian that they would be getting the girls and boys to swap floor every so often. Ian looked a bit sceptical but didn’t question Dennis.

Dennis looked at the communal showers and imagined girls and boys in there at the same time.

When Dennis had seen everything that he wanted, he asked Ian when the extension would be ready for them to move in and Ian told him that it would be finished by the end of next week so they could move over, over the weekend. Then Ian asked Dennis if he needed any help with the move.

“Thanks, but I’m sure we can manage, none of the kids have much and it will do them good to help move everything over. I assume that you want everything that we want to keep moved over?”

“Yes please, If you can get it done over the weekend I can get the teams in to gut the place gutted then rebuilt as per the plans. Should only take us 3 or 4 weeks.”

“Excellent.”



Over dinner that night Dennis gave everyone the good news then told the girls that they wouldn’t be able to do their keep fit exercises out the back naked.

“Can we just wear our bikinis please Dennis?” Ruth asked.

“That would be okay, but no pulling them to one side to flash the construction workers.”

“Aaaw, spoilsport” Jennifer replied.

Dennis also warned then that once they were in the new extension there was a good chance that workmen will still need to go in there to fix the odd problem or two, and that if they got caught without any clothes on they were to apologise and quickly go and put something on.

“So if a plumber is on his back under a sink we can put one of our micro skirts on and go and stand next to him?” Ruth asked.

“Well you can, but don’t distract him from doing his job, and if he says anything about your lack of underwear you’d better give him a good reason for it, and by good I don’t mean that you left them off just for him, just say something like you didn’t have any clean ones when you got up that morning. I can’t have them thinking that my girls are deliberately flaunting their naked bodies in front of them. Everything has to be accidental. It will be good practice for you when you get older and have to fend for yourselves.”

“Are you saying that we should flaunt our naked bodies to get what we want in life Dennis?” Jennifer asked.

“That’s up to you, your individual choice, but I can tell you for certain that men like looking at female flesh and most of them will do just about anything to see or get their hands on parts of a girl that are normally covered.”

“Do we have to let them fuck us?” Angela asked.

“Well that’s up to you Angela, but men like the teasing nearly as much as the catch.”

“So are we teasing you Dennis?” Lucy asked.

“Yes, and I love seeing all you girls naked. Your reward is that you have a good life here and that I teach you things that your school never will.”

“Like our oral sex game?” Lucy asked.

“No, I didn’t teach you that, that was your idea, but I’d like to think that I got your brains working along those lines. And you boys, I don’t do everything for the girls and nothing for you, you benefit a lot from the girls, I know all about your bed-hopping and where else could you be sat eating a meal with 7 beautiful naked girls?”

Most of the boys smiled and Tommy quietly replied,

“I know, thanks Dennis.”

“Right, so girls, please don’t put everything that you’ve got here at risk by flaunting you cute little bodies where you shouldn’t; and be warned, social services will be here quite a lot over the next couple of months and I don’t want any of them to see a naked girl, okay?”

“What are they coming here for?” Tommy asked.

“Two things Tommy, firstly they’ll want to see the new extension and make sure that they’re happy with it. And secondly, we’re going to end up with 24 guest rooms and they’ll be bring more kids here.”

“Will they all be girls?” David asked.

“Well, I’ve made it clear that I have a preference for girls but I’m sure that we’ll end up with some new boys but I’ve also told them that I’ll only take children over 14. We’ll just have to wait and see, but we need Team Bright Sparks to pull together so that our way of life doesn’t change.”

“So do we have to wear clothes all the time?” Lucy asked.

“Hell no, only definitely when social services are here and if there are any workmen working inside here, or the extension after we move over there.”

“Good, I was getting worried for a minute.”

“Relax Lucy, you can flaunt your cute body more than enough other times. The boys won’t stop lusting after your body just because you have to cover it some of the time.”

Tommy was sat next to Lucy and he leaned over and grabbed one of her tits and said,

“I’ll still love these.”

“Gerroff.” Lucy replied pushing his hand away.
 
“You didn’t say that last night Lucy.” Tommy said.

“That was different.”

“Okay guys, who’s washing up? Oh, that reminds me guys. There’s a big dishwasher in the new kitchen.”

“Yeeeessss.” Tony said and a couple of the others laughed at him.



That night when Dennis was doing his rounds he was pleased to see that all the girls were sleeping on top on their beds totally naked, 3 of them cupping their pussies as they slept.



The next morning Dennis was woken by Mandy riding his morning woody – again. After they’d both cum Dennis got out Mandy’s magic wand and gave her 2 more orgasms with it as she told him that she’d missed her wand when they were on holiday.


Dennis could smell bacon cooking when he headed downstairs and he congratulated Tommy and Lucy for remembering that cooking breakfast was their job for the day. The amusing thing was that Lucy had forgotten to wear an apron and kept jumping back as the hot fat splashed on her naked body.


It was the weekend and Dennis wanted to take Mandy shopping for some slightly more modest clothes for when she started at college.

“Don’t you want me flashing my tits and pussy at all those college boys and teachers?” 

“That’s up to you Mandy, but you need some skirts that don’t show your butt cheeks when you do anything but stand still. Not for my benefit, I’d love to take you everywhere totally naked, but these social services people will be here quite a bit and we don’t want you to get thrown out of college for having your pussy on display all the time.”

“Hmm, I guess that you’re right Dennis, but I can still sit in the classrooms with my knees open can’t I? I need to get the fresh air on my pussy, the doctor says that it’s more healthy that way.”

“Of course you can, and the doctor is right, a healthy pussy gets a lot of air to it.”

“Good. Can we get the clothes from a shop where people will be able to see me naked?”

“Hopefully, but it depends on what we can find.”


Dennis told the kids that they had to go out for the day just like they usually do on a weekend.

“Can’t I stay here please?” Tommy asked.

“Sorry, Mandy and I have some business in town and I can’t leave you alone.”

“Okaaay.” Tommy replied.


A good hour later the kids left, the girls having reluctantly put some clothes on and Dennis told Mandy to get on her back on one of the kitchen tables and lift her legs up in the air. She did, automatically spreading them wide.

Dennis got down on his knees and ate her to a noisy orgasm before standing up and fucking her to another noisy orgasm, him cumming just after she had.



Two young men joined them at the bus stop and Dennis went up the stairs before Mandy, Dennis expecting the young men to follow her up and get a great view, and he wasn’t disappointed.


They wandered around the fashion shops, Mandy having to take her dress off to try the skirts on, and, as per Dennis’ instructions, leaving the curtain half open. Dennis and a few other waiting partners getting a great view of Mandy either topless or nude.

If Mandy liked the skirt she’d always come out to show Dennis and ask for his opinion, and she never bothered putting on a top because she didn’t have one with her. Although she always acted as if she had a top on, and her hands never went anywhere near her tits.

In about the fourth shop they managed to find some skirts that they both liked. When she was stood out in the entrance, topless, and next to 2 other men waiting for someone, Dennis told her that she would have to shorten the skirts by about 10 centimetres. That made the eyebrows of one man rise because the skirt was already well above mid-thigh.

As they walked out with Dennis carrying the shopping bag she asked Dennis just how short he wanted them. As usual he told her that it was her choice, adding that he had a couple of his predecessors old vests that he wanted her to shorten to the same length as her favourite T shirt.


Dennis took Mandy to a nice little restaurant for lunch and they talked and kissed throughout the meal with Dennis fingering her pussy whenever he didn’t need both hands to eat or a waiter came to their table.


Dennis took an unusual route back to the bus stop, not that Mandy noticed, because there was a shop that he wanted to go to. When Mandy saw it she said,

“That doesn’t look to be a nice place, what are you going to get here?”

When Dennis opened the door for her and she went in, she looked around and said,

“This is a funny toy shop, assuming that it was a toy shop.”

“It is a toy shop alright, but toys for adults.”

Mandy was silent for a few seconds then replied,

“Like my magic wand?”

“Exactly, I’d love to buy you one of everything but for today there’s just one thing, well two actually, that I want to get for you, something that will remind you of me while you are at college. You go and have a look around while I get them.”

Mandy walked off and was stared at by the man behind the counter and the 3 other men that were in the shop. They watched her every move, even when she bent over to look at something.

Meanwhile Dennis easily found what he wanted and went to the counter to pay for them.

“She’s cute.” The man said as he rang-up the sale. “These for her?”

“Yes, but she hasn’t a clue what they are.”

“Maybe you should give them to her in here and get her to try them, maybe walk around the store a bit to get used to them.”

“That’s a great idea, would you mind?”

“Hell no, go for it man.”


“Mandy,” Dennis called and she dutifully walked over to him. “A little present for you and I thought that you might like to try them in here.”

“What are they?”

“Ben Wa balls.”

“What do I do with them?”

“Push them up your vagina.” 

“Oh, why, they look heavy, they might fall out.”

“Use your muscles to keep them in.” 

“Okay then, do you want me to try them now?”

“Why not?”

“Okay then. Shall I take my dress off first?”

“You can do if you want.”

And Mandy did, exposing her whole naked body to everyone in the shop. As she tore open the packaging everyone watched as her little tits wobbled a bit as she struggled to rip the plastic off.

“Will you put them on for me please?”

The man behind the counter tapped on the counter and said,

“Lift her up here, it will be easier for you to get to her.”

Dennis smiled and put his hands round her waist and lifted her up. She automatically spread her legs as her butt was being lowered onto the counter.

“Lay back on your elbows Mandy, and give me the balls.”

She did, saying,

“They’re cold and heavy.”

Dennis stepped to one side so that all the men could see her pussy then slowly presented one of the balls to her wet vagina. As it started to enter her everyone saw it suddenly disappear as her vagina grabbed it and sucked it in.

“Oow, that’s nice.” Mandy said, “can you push it right in please?” 

Dennis used his fingers and pushed the steel ball in as far as he could reach then pushed the second one in, it too being almost snatched out of his fingers.

“So what happens now?” Mandy said, “are they supposed to vibrate or something?”

“No, that’s it whilst you are still.”

“Oh, I was expecting more of something.”

“Sit up Mandy.”

She did.

“Oh, I felt them move and clunk together.”

Dennis lifted Mandy off the counter and stood her on the floor.

“I can feel them moving down, they’re going to drop out.”

“Use your muscles to hold them in Mandy, like you do when you’re getting to the end of a pee and you want to squeeze out the last drop.”

Dennis saw the unusual look on Mandy’s face then he looked down to her pussy. He could just see signs of her muscle contractions.

“That’s nice, they’re going back up.”

“Good, you need to do that a lot Mandy, now go for a walk to the end of the shop and back.”

She did and everyone watched her butt sway from side to side.

“I can keep them in, oh, I can feel them clunking together, it’s nice.” 

“Keep walking Mandy.”

“Oh, oh, if I walk much further I’m going to cum.” Mandy said as she walked back to the counter for the third time.

“That’s the idea girl.” One of the customers said.

Everyone watched as Mandy kept walking up and down the shop until finally she stopped and said,

“I’m cumming,” and her body started shaking.

Two minutes later she smiled at Dennis and said,

“I like these, thank you so much.”

Mandy was half way down the shop on her way back to the counter when the orgasm hit her and when it was over she walked back towards Dennis. The problem was, she relaxed her vaginal muscles and after 3 steps everyone heard a clunk as one of the balls dropped out and hit the floor.

“Oops.” Mandy said.

“You forgot to use your muscles to keep them in.” Dennis replied.

By then, one of the men watching had bent down to pick up the ball that was rolling towards him. He was almost in front of Mandy, bent over and getting a great view of her slit and clit, which was engorged after her orgasm.

“Can you put it back in for me?” Mandy asked.

Dennis wasn’t sure who that question was directed to but he wasn’t concerned when the customer’s hand went to Mandy’s pussy and pushed the ball back in.

“That’s nice, thank you sir.” Mandy said then walked the rest of the way to Dennis, this time remembering to use her muscles to keep both balls in.

“Did you want to but anything else Dennis?” Mandy asked, “because I’d like to go back home now.”

Dennis smiled knowing that Mandy wanted the same thing as him.

He handed her her dress which she slid down her body then they left, leaving the packaging for the balls on the counter.


As they walked down the street Mandy said, 

“There were a lot of strange things in that shop Dennis, things that I have no idea what they were for, I mean ropes and whips and handcuffs. How can they be sex toys?”

“Some girls like to be tied up when they’re spanked and whipped.”

“Oh, I was never tied up when I was spanked, it was always knickers down and over the lap. And if we don’t slow down Dennis I’m going to cum again.”

“Keep squeezing those muscles Mandy. Would you like to be tied up and spanked Mandy?”

“I don’t know. I sometimes used to get a tingling in my puss when I was getting spanked. Please slow down Dennis, unless you want me to cum right here in the street with all these people watching. Oh, you do don’t you?”

“Don’t you Mandy?”

“Yes I doooooooooooooooooo, oh, that was nice.”


Mandy had one more orgasm just before they got to the bus stop then on the bus Dennis told her that wearing her balls would be great exercise for her vagina, make her able to grip things like cocks and squeeze them.

“You mean your cock Dennis.”

“I do, but it’s not just my cock, think about other things that you can put in there and hold them in with you muscles.”

“Like what?”

“Well, cucumbers, bananas, dildos, bottles, anything that you can think of that might just fit in, remember, babies come out of vaginas and their heads are big.”

“Do you want me to put things like that in my hole Dennis?”

“Do YOU want to put things in your vagina Mandy.”

“I prefer your cock but other things could be fun.”

Maybe you girls could have a race with bananas half way in your pussies.” Dennis suggested.

“That would be fun.”


“Shall I keep them in for now?” Mandy asked as they got off the bus and started walking the last half mile.

“Yes, let’s see how you get on, see if they keep you horny all the time.”

“I’m horny all the time these days, and that’s because of you Dennis.”

“And you glow all the time that you are horny Mandy, just like you are right now.”

“That’s your fault, and these balls. I think that I’m going to cum again before we get home. That’s the second toy that you’ve bought me and both of them make me cum, I love you Dennis.”

“And I love you too Mandy, now cum for me as soon as you can, and tell me when it’s going to happen so that I can grab your pussy as you cum.”

She did, and he did. Fortunately for both of them it was just as they got to a little alleyway and Dennis was able to drag her in to it and play with her clit whilst she orgasmed without anyone seeing them. They were holding each other’s hands like 2 young lovers when they got back home.

There was no one else there so they took advantage of the time and made love in the entrance hall before any of the others returned. Afterwards Dennis told Mandy to put her new Ben Wa balls back in for the rest of the day and she was feeling horny all the time.


The Sunday was good day, Dennis was able to get the kids exercising out the back, the girls naked then putting their PE kit on and going for a run to the park. Again some of them ran off much faster and when the rest got to the kids play area Dennis was a little happy to discover that no one else was there and his kids were playing on their own.

Dennis had asked Mandy to put her balls in and she later told Dennis that she’d had real problems keeping them in when they were exercising and he’d stopped with her 4 times whilst she orgasmed because of her joggong. Each time leaning forward and putting her hands on her knees.

Dennis saw a few people looking at her bare butt but no one said anything except Ruth who was jogging with them. She asked Mandy if she was cumming but she didn’t ask why and neither Mandy or Dennis told her.


The next week was a bit of a problem for Dennis. He had 7 naked girls there all day and a constant stream of workman and a number of visits from social services checking that everything was set for the move, and each time there was a flurry of activity as the girls rushed to put some clothes on. One time Lucy was too slow and she had to hide in the storeroom until that visitor had gone. 

Even Jennifer being able to let the workmen see her naked in her room had gone because of the new building.

The kids did however have the park that they could escape to on their own. They couldn’t go to town because they’d spent all their pocket money and Dennis wouldn’t give them an advance from the next weeks. He didn’t worry about what, or who, the kids were doing in the park.


On the Monday evening whist they were eating, Dennis said,

“I’ve been thinking and decided that it would be a good idea for you all to experience some actual paid work, similar to what you will experience when you leave here. To that end I have been looking for part-time jobs that you can do, either on an evening or on a weekend.”

There were a couple of groans of disapproval but Dennis continued.

“I’m not talking about every evening, maybe just one per week, or a Saturday or a Sunday and I won’t let you do it if you aren’t getting paid for it. This is proving a bit difficult but I have managed to get a couple of jobs for the girls. They are both one evening a week and they have agreed to rotate round all 6 of you. I’m going to send Mandy to each of them first just to make sure that the places are legit and you aren’t going to be exploited.”

“What are they?” Lucy asked.

“They’re both modelling jobs, one”

“Modelling clothes?” Jennifer interrupted.

“No, one is for a photography club and the other is for an art class.”

“Nude modelling?” Ruth asked.

“Yes.”

“Can I go after Mandy please?” Ruth asked.

“We’ll sort the order that you go after Mandy has checked them out.”

“It won’t be on a Thursday will it?” Lucy asked, “I’d hate to miss the doctors visit.”

“Relax girls, neither of them is on a Thursday.”

Dennis heard a few sighs of relief then turned to the boys,

“I will find something for you. Oh sorry, maybe I should have offered you lot as nude models?”

All the boys said words to the effect of “No chance,” whilst the girls giggled.


After the kids had left to do their jobs, play games or whatever, Mandy said,

“I’m a little worried about the younger girls going, maybe you should go with them?”

“That’s not a bad idea Mandy, but I can’t go with you, that would leave the kids unsupervised.”

“I’ll be alright on my own, the school gave us a lesson of self-defence about a year ago.”

“Okay, just remember, balls and eyes hurt the most.”

“I hope that it won’t come to that, but yes, that’s what they taught us at school.”

“So do you fancy being a nude model Mandy?”

“Yes, it will make me tingle and maybe cum if the men are cute.”

“You don’t mine a lot of men starting at you?”

“Don’t be silly Dennis, you know that I like it.”

“Just had to ask.”

“Thank you Dennis.” Mandy replied the reached over to him and kissed him while her hand went to his shorts and squeezed his cock through the material. Then she said,

“Will you use that magic wand thing on me before you fuck me tonight”

“Of course I will.”

“And can I put my balls in before I go, then I sit or stand there squeezing them and making me even more horny. “

“I don’t see why not.” Dennis replied, wondering if she realised that the more horny she was, the wetter she would be and the more her clit would stick out.

“So when is the first of these modelling jobs Dennis?”

“Tomorrow night.”

“Okay. Where and when?”

Dennis gave her all the details and she soon realised that she’d have to get a bus there. She was smiling as Dennis gave her the other details.

“Hang on a minute, that’s a college, the one that I’ll be going to soon, aren’t they shutdown for the summer break?” Mandy asked.

“I asked the same question and was told that some adult classes go on right through the summer.”

“Oh, I never realised that.”

“Neither did I, apparently it’s a new thing to keep the money coming in.”

“Okay. I hope that there’s lots of men students.”

“So do I, I like the idea of you posing naked in front of lots of men.”

“So do I. Hey, aren’t you supposed to be over 16 or 18 to do a job like that? I mean it’s a college and I’m sure that they wouldn’t break the law.”

“I asked about that and the teacher said that they were so short of models that they’d take anyone provided that they said they were 18.”

“So next week Ruth just has to say that she’s 18 even though she doesn’t look it.”

“Yes, but I like your idea of you going along just in case there is a problem, but judging by what the teacher told me she’ll be okay.”

******

The Art Class
Mandy had a shower and another shave straight after the evening meal and she inserted her Ben Wa balls just before leaving. Dennis gave her a kiss and told her to be careful as well as reminding her of the contact name.

She was lucky and got followed up the stairs on the bus but she had been unlucky in that the walk hadn’t been quite long enough for the balls to make her cum. Neither was the walk at the other end but it did mean that she was highly aroused when she arrived at the college.


The security men on the gate pointed Mandy in the right direction and she soon found the room. It had lots of windows down the corridor side and Mandy wished that the art class was during the day in term time.

As she approached the door she saw about a dozen people, mainly men, and ranging in ages from about her age to pensioners. They were all sat at their easels listening to the teacher talk. Mandy got an attack of nipple and pussy tingles and felt her pussy get even wetter knowing that she was going to be naked in front of them in minutes.  

“Hi, are you Mandy?” A young man said as he approached her as soon as she opened the door. “How are you?”

“Fine thanks.”

“I’m Peter, the art teacher. You’re probably wondering why there are classes during the summer break, well it’s because the college think that some of the students are on their summer break want to starting a new hobby, and then there’s the money, the college saw an opportunity to make some so here we are. Not that I’m complaining, it’s money for me as well and I get to practise my passion.

“So Mandy, have you ever modelled before?”

“No.”

“It’s quite simple really. All you have to do is take your clothes off and pose for us for a couple of hours. You’ll have a 5 minute break every 30 minutes to stretch your muscles and do whatever else you want to do. There’s a ladies toilet just down the corridor on your left if you need it. Oh, there’s a screen over there that you can get changed behind and you’ll find a robe there that you can use.”

“You want me to pose in a robe? I thought it was nude modelling.”

“It is, the robe is to wear to walk over to the front of the room and at the breaks.”

“Why?”

“Well I suppose that you don’t have to wear it if you don’t want to, but it’s there if you do.”

“I doubt that any of the Bright Sparks guests will bother with that.”

“Fair enough. I have to ask Mandy, are you over 18? It’s college rules.”

“Yes, all the Bright Sparks guests are over 18.” Mandy lied.

“Fair enough, the college says that I have to ask but they don’t say that I have to have proof, and you’ve just answered the question for all your girls.”

Mandy gave a silent sigh of relief.

“Okay Mandy, are you ready to get started?”

With that, Mandy pushed the shoulder straps of her dress outwards and her dress fell to the floor leaving her naked apart from her shoes which she kicked off. She’d been standing with her back to some of the students so when she bent over she gave them a glimpse of what she hoped they were about in glorious detail for 4 x 30 minute sessions.

The tingling in her nipples and pussy that had faded a little got stronger.

“Well okay, I guess that there’s no need to use the screen, would you follow me to the front please Mandy.”

Mandy put her shoes and dress on a nearby table and followed Peter to the front, her metal balls reminding her where they were, when they both stood facing the budding artists. Peter said,

“Ladies and gentlemen, this is Mandy, our model for the evening.”

A few of the students said hello then Pete told then that they would be starting with an unusual sitting on a chair pose. Mandy was then directed to sit the wrong way round on a chair and rest her head on her hand with that elbow on the back of the chair.    

Of course Mandy’s legs were wide open but not much of her pussy was on display.

“At least the back of the chair is just a frame, they’ll be able to see my tits.” Mandy thought.

And that’s the way Mandy had to stay for 30 minutes. Thirty minutes during which Mandy relieved the boredom by contracting and releasing her pussy muscles over and over, each time feeling the balls gently clunk together deep inside her vagina.

Al the time that Mandy was sat there she could see Peter walking around the room, occasionally stopping at one artist and chatting to them.

Mandy could also see out of the big glass windows to the corridor and wondered if anyone would walk by and see her.

When the 30 minutes was up Peter told her that she could stand and stretch. As she did so she saw a little puddle of her juices on the plastic chair. She smiled and ignored it.


During the break Mandy decided to walk around the room and look at the drawings of her. She stood beside most if the budding artists for a few seconds while she studied the drawings. Mandy knows nothing about art but she does know what she likes and she was disappointed by most of what she saw. A couple did remind her of what she saw when she looked in a mirror, and one drawing she really liked. It was a caricature drawing of her and the artist had emphasised her nipples and pussy making them quite a bit bigger than they really are. He’d also drawn the pussy that he couldn’t see and moved it forward on her body.

It was funny, but nice.

“I like that.” Mandy said to the man. 

“Thank you.” He replied.

Mandy moved on, feeling the odd clunk inside her that kept her arousal level up. She looked down at her chest and was please to see that her nipples were as big and hard as they’ve ever been. 


Mandy liked the second pose better. She was on a table on her side, up on one elbow and smiling at the artists. Peter told her to lift her upper leg and bend the knee, pulling her foot up behind her other knee.

“That’s more like it. “Mandy thought, “my pussy can breath now.”

Mandy didn’t think about her pussy being all wet and swollen, or the fact that her engorged clitoris was sticking out between her spread vulva lips.

The table was positioned in a 10 o’clock position to the artists so that something like two thirds of them could see her pussy and she could easily see those two thirds, she felt sorry for the other third and hoped that the next 2 poses would give them the opportunity to stare at her pussy. 


Once settled Mandy relaxed the started contracting and releasing her vaginal muscles. It was only after she’d been doing it for about 5 minutes that she realised that the artists would be able to see her vaginal entrance moving as she clenched and released.

“Too late now,” she thought and kept doing it.

The thing was, each time that she did it she felt a clunk and her arousal increased some more.

At around the 20 minute mark Mandy realised that an orgasm was building deep inside her. She kept clenching and releasing her muscles.

At around the 25 minute mark it arrived. Mandy so wanted to keep the pose and she tried so hard as a very audible groan escaped from her mouth causing most of the artists to look up at her.

She could feel her body shaking and fought to keep in to a minimum.


“Mandy, it’s okay to have an orgasm, it’s perfectly natural. Quite a number of our models have them whilst posing. It comes with the territory and everyone knows. Just let it happen then resume the pose.” Peter quietly said to her when the 30 minutes were up.

Mandy felt better, and pleased, and not at all embarrassed as she climbed off the table and started wandering around looking at the drawings again. She quickly moved from drawing to drawing until she got to the caricature artist, and Mandy did think that he was an artist because he’d drawn another masterpiece in Mandy’s eyes. 

She liked how he’d drawn her face, her hair, her breasts, her slim body, and in particular her pussy. He’d drawn her with huge outer vulva lips and a huge clitoris that looked like a little cock. He’d even managed to show how wet her whole pussy was.

“That’s amazing.” Mandy said, “do I really look like that?”

“In my eyes you do.”


As Mandy walked back to the front Peter asked her if she would mind posing in a very explicit way.

“Just how explicit are you thinking of Peter?”

“I was thinking maybe you could sit on a chair up on a table, but with your butt perched on the front of the chair and with your legs wide open.”

“Oh is that all, I was thinking that you might want me to have a big dildo sticking out of my pussy.”

“You’d pose like that would you Mandy?”

“Yes, why not, any of the Bright Sparks guests would pose like that, it’s not a big deal. Is that how you want me to pose now?”

“No, just as I first described, but you’ve given me some ideas.”


Peter turned the table so that it was square to the room lengthways and lifted a chair up, then Mandy climbed up and sat as Peter described ready for the third pose. Peter asked her to smile and look down between her legs a bit; and he eased her legs further apart.

She did, and as the artists started drawing Mandy started her vaginal muscle contracting and relaxing again, her kegel exercises. She knew that the pulses would be visible to everyone and that was what she actually wanted. The smile on her face was very genuine.

She actually orgasmed twice during that 30 minutes, both times trying to keep her mouth closed and still smiling. The same couldn’t be said for her body. There was no way that she could stop her body from jerking about, but after each orgasm she quickly returned to the original pose.

When the 30 minutes was up Mandy climbed down and saw a little puddle of her juices where they had been dripping out of her. 


During that final break Mandy decided that she wanted to go to the toilet and told Peter that she was going.

“Don’t you want to put the robe on Mandy?” Peter asked.

“It’s only down the corridor and the college is empty so I’ll be okay.” Mandy replied and off she went. She glanced back into the classroom through the big windows as she went. 

She easily found the toilet and had a quick pee and wiped her pussy dry. As she washed her hands she wondered what last pose Peter was going to have her hold. Smiling as he hoped that it was going to be more explicit, not that she could think how that was possible.

It had only taken a minute or so to have the pee and wash so when she came out of the ladies she deliberately turned the wrong way thinking that she’d have a quick explore to get a feel of the layout ready for starting there in a few weeks.

She wandered along, looking into classrooms as she went, but as she turned a corner she nearly collided with a security guard.

“What have we got here?” the guard asked as he gripped her arm.

“Sorry, I’m the model in the art class and I went to the toilet. When I came out I sort of got lost.”

“Is that right now young lady. You weren’t going to the toilet to take some drugs were you?”

“No, no, I don’t do drugs, and besides, where could I hide them?”

“I know of 2 places.”

“What? No, I don’t do drugs.” 

“Then you wont mind if I check those 2 places.”

Now Mandy knew exactly which 2 places the guard was talking about and she didn’t mind at all if he was going to check there and she turned her back to him, spread her legs and bent right over.

“Go on, check up my holes.”

Such willingness to let the guard finger her caught him off guard and he disappointed her when he said,

“No that won’t be necessary, but I will follow you back to the art classroom to make sure that you are the model.”

Mandy stood up feeling disappointed, but she set off walking back to the classroom with the guard following. She deliberately let her hips sway from side to side just to tease him.  

She marched straight back into the classroom and Peter said,

“Are you alright Mandy, I just thinking about sending out a search party.”

“I’m fine, sorry that I took so long. Now how do you want me?”


The last pose was as explicit as it could be, Peter got her to lay on the table, on her back with her feet facing the audience. Then he told her to swing her legs up and back and to grab her ankles. He didn’t tell her to spread her legs wide apart, she just assumed that and pushed them as wide apart as she could.

As she settled into the pose she looked over to the big windows and saw the guard still watching.

She smiled and started doing her kegels. The steel balls clunking together soon started to get her aroused again and it only took about 15 minutes for her to realise that she was going to cum for the first time in that pose. She tried to hold it as long as she could, probably unconsciously wanting it to be an intense one rather than an average one.

When it arrived Mandy let out a loud groan and her body started jerking. In the position she was in she could see her pussy and she watched as white, semi-clear liquid shot out of her vagina and up in the air, falling down onto her thighs and a bit on her stomach.

Although Mandy had been told that she had squirted similar liquid before she hadn’t seen it and didn’t really believe the person who told her, so when she saw it going up then landing on her, she had no choice other than believe that she had done it.

She wasn’t embarrassed, not even that it had happened in front of the artists, she was actually a bit proud of herself, she’d read about squirters on the internet but believed that those girls just lost control of their bladder and were actually peeing.

Mandy suddenly remembered where she was and that she was gripping her ankles so hard that her hands were hurting. While easing the grip on her ankles she looked around. Most of the artists were drawing, a couple were doing something that she couldn’t determine and the others were staring at her. Peter was also staring at her but he had a big grin on his face as well.
 
Mandy wondered if she could do it again and she started contracting and relaxing her vaginal muscles as fast as she could. She was disappointed, she managed another orgasm before the end but she didn’t squirt. She made a mental note to ask Dennis to take her to just before the point of no return, over and over again, and then finally take her over the top and see what happens.

As she was getting off the table Peter came over to her and thanked her for her very special modelling. Even though she hadn’t been embarrassed by everything that had happened in the last couple of hours she blushed a little as he thanked her.

“Mandy,” Peter continued, “Dennis told me that his girls were quite, shall we say ‘liberated’ and not ashamed of their bodies, but tonight you have exceeded everything that I, we, could have expected. I’m sure that I speak for everyone here when I say that we really have enjoyed your presence, an amazing model, and judging by the standard of the drawings we would welcome you back here anytime. I just hope that Dennis’ other girls are half as good as you were.”

“Oh they are Peter, they are.”

Just then the guy who had been doing the caricatures came over to them and gave Mandy a roll of paper.

“For you Mandy, something for you to remember tonight by.”

Mandy guessed what they were and replied,

“Don’t you want them to remember me by?”

“Oh I’ve got your images imprinted on my brain, they’ll be there until the day I die.”

“In that case, thank you very much, my boyfriend will enjoy looking at them.”

“I’m sure that he will. Goodnight then.”

The man left and Peter continued,

“Here’s your money and you were worth every penny of it. Dennis tell me that you are starting a course here in a few weeks.”

“Yes, ‘Caring for Teenagers’.”

“Well if you have any spare time you are welcome to come and model for us, I’m sure that my students will appreciate such a liberated model. Oh, you can get dressed whenever you want.”

Mandy hadn’t even thought about putting her dress on until Peter said that so she turned and went for her dress and shoes. As she was slipping them on Peter offered her a lift home.

“Thank you, but I need to get used to using the buses, I’m going to be using them 3 days a week so I need to know how reliable they are and get to know what times they run.”

They walked out together and Peter went to his car. As Mandy went through security the guard who had caught her stopped her and apologised for stopping her earlier.

“That’s okay, I’m sure that you were just doing your job.”

“Was this a one-off or will you be modelling every week?”

“Well I’ll be starting a course here in a few weeks and I’ll be bringing some friends to model for the art class every Tuesday evening so I might see you again.”

“And hopefully I’ll see all of you again.”

Mandy smiled at him and left.



The kids had gone to bed when Mandy returned, having walked quickly and made herself cum both before getting the bus, and after getting off it.    

Dennis was waiting for her and as soon as she got in he kissed her and helped her to take her dress off. Then he asked her if everything was okay and would she tell him everything about it.

“Of course I will, but can it wait until tomorrow? I’m knackered. Have a look at these, they’ll give you a good idea of what happened.”

Mandy went and had a shower and when Dennis was looking at the drawings he heard 2 clunks as Mandy squeezed the steel balls out, then she went straight to bed, laying on her side with her back to Dennis hoping that he would do what he did. That was, climb in beside her, spoon her and slide his cock into her. Unfortunately, she was asleep before it slid inside her and he fucked her until he shot his load into her sleeping body.



The next morning Dennis woke Mandy early, again using his morning woody, then asked her for a quick summary of the previous nights events. Then breakfast took twice as long as it normally did as everyone listened to every detail that Mandy gave them. The caricature drawings were passed around and everyone loved them. All the girls wanted to know if their modelling sessions would be as good as that and that gave Dennis a dilemma, what to do about the Ben Wa balls. Could he trust the girls to use them wisely if he bought some for all of them?

He explained his dilemma to them and all the girls promised to only wear them when he said that they could.    

The next day Dennis went into town and bought 6 pairs, the man in the shop remembering him, asking him how Mandy was and asking him what on earth he wanted 6 pairs of Ben Wa balls for. Dennis told him that he wouldn’t believe him if he told him.

When he got back home all the girls fussed around him until he gave them to them and they spent the rest of the day trying to keep them in, and trying to get the other girls to loose control and have one, or both of them, drop out.

Jennifer asked Dennis if she could wear them for school. Dennis told her to ask again the day before school started and that he’d decide based on how many had dropped out between then and school starting.


The following day Dennis got everyone to do the exercising outside with the girls wearing their bikinis and their Ben Wa balls. A couple of workmen saw them and stared for a while but Dennis was happy because they had their bikinis on. 

Dennis had told the girls that if they made it to the end of the day without a ball falling out they could wear them whenever they wanted to.

At the end of the exercises 2 of the girls had had a ball drop out and slide out of the side of their bikini bottoms that weren’t fastened very firmly.

After the exercises it was jogging with the girls wearing their PE skirts, Dennis expecting most of the girls to have to stop numerous times, either to pick up a steel ball of to have, and recover from an orgasm. 

The run took twice as long as it usually did. 

Following the both disastrous and successful run, and everyone having a shower, Mandy spent a good hour teaching the girls how to contract and relax their vaginal muscles. She explained that it was called kegel exercises and that not only would it help them keep the steel balls in but it would tone their vaginas enabling them to grip on anything that they let in there.

The girls were all sat on the sofas leaning back and all the boys were sat in front of them watching their pussies and when Mandy said the last bit Tommy said,

“So they’ll be even tighter fucks.”

“Yes Tommy.” Mandy replied.

The boys stayed and watched the pussies as the girls practiced.

******

Jumping ahead in time - 

The following week it was Ruth’s turn to model at the art class. Originally Dennis and Mandy had decided that Dennis would go with the younger girls, but after Mandy came back with a glowing report Dennis decided that Mandy should go with her. He was hoping that the teacher would ask Mandy to strip again and they’d have 2 models for the artists.

Both Mandy and Ruth left to catch the bus, both of them wearing only their Ben Wa balls, ultra short dresses and shoes.

Mandy got Ruth to walk fast with her and both walking sessions left them both feeling quite aroused when they arrived at the college.

“Oh hello Mandy,” the security guard said, “come to get off again? My colleagues all say that you looked to be really enjoying yourself on the videos.”

“Videos?” Mandy said, “I didn’t see any cameras.”

“You wouldn’t, they’re hidden security cameras.”

“Oh right, well I hope that you all enjoyed them, and you’ll probably have some more by the end of today.”

“Of both of you, your friend is as gorgeous as you are. We’ll really enjoy watching them.”

Both girls were smiling as they quickly walked to the art room. 

“Are you feeling as horny as I am Mandy?” Ruth asked.

“I am.”

“I’m going to cum soon if we don’t stop this speed walking.”

“It’s not far now.”


As they walked passed the big windows Mandy saw that Peter was talking to a lot more budding artists in the room.

“Hi Mandy,” Peter said, “is this young lady our model for this evening?”

“Yes, this is Ruth, Ruth, Peter. I see that you have a lot more students.”

“Yes, even some of the security staff have decided to take up art for some reason. I’d split them into 2 classes but I don’t have the budget to pay for 2 models, and besides, where would I get another one at such short notice?”

“Hmm, yes, I can see the problem. Err, how about if I volunteer to do a freebie?”

“I could never ask that of you Mandy.”

“You’re not asking, I’m volunteering.”

“Are you sure, you do realise that I can’t pay you?”

“Peter, I’m here until you’ve finished with Ruth so I may as well be some help.”

“Well if you’re sure?”

“I am.”


Peter quickly split the group in half and took one half to the next room and asked Mandy to follow him. As she left she whispered to Ruth,

“Just relax and enjoy yourself, if you cum you cum, enjoy it.” Ruth put her hand on Mandy’s arm and let it slide off as Mandy walked out.


With Peter going from room to room, he got the first 2 sessions going getting the girls to pose in gymnastics stretching exercises, them both being ones that they did back at Bright Sparks and ones that were chosen because they had the girl’s pussy spread wide and on full display to those in front of them. Mandy and Ruth remembered to do their kegel exercises throughout the poses and the clunking of their steel balls made them both cum each session and causing them to collapse to the floor and have to get back into the pose. 

During the break after the second session Mandy went to check on Ruth and was pleased to see her face glowing with a happy smile on it. She told Mandy that the caricature drawing guy was in her room and that she’d seen his drawings of her. She said that she hoped that he would give them to her at the end.   

Ruth’s break came to an end and Mandy watched her as Pete told her to get on the table, spread her legs and masturbate for the students.

“Wow,” Mandy thought, “we’re both going to cum a few more times in the next 30 minutes.!

Once Ruth has started, Pete took Mandy back to the other room and got her started doing the same, and yes, both girls came 3 more times, all of them so loud that the girls could hear each other. That just sped up the next orgasm.

 
The fourth and last post was the same as the fourth one on Mandy’s first time there. Again both girls orgasmed but Mandy didn’t squirt. That fact disappointed her a little but Dennis had warned her to to expect to squirt every time.


Ruth did get her caricature drawings and everyone back at Bright Sparks admired them the next morning, and Ruth was over the moon at getting paid for having so much pleasure.


The art class sessions for the other girls went in a similar way with Peter having to limit the number of students and Mandy volunteering to help out each week. The only real difference for the subsequent classes was that Mandy was already at college during the days and she met the girl at the college. She was disappointed that Peter had erected some screens along the windows to the corridor so that passing students couldn’t see in. 

******
