ROBIN'S DEVIANT ADVENTURES

BY ROBIN C.

Kidnapped!

My first taste of deviate sexual activity came when I was twelve.
This isn't really true; I had been playing doctor with my brother
since I was six. He introduced me to bondage and sexy clothes and
domination.

I always liked playing with my brother. He was six years older
than me, but we still played. He always kissed me, then took down
his pants and I would suck on him and swallow when he spurted. He
always had me tied up when he did it and he would tie me up after
that. Now he was going to go of to college in the fall and I
wouldn't get to play. We were sitting in his room and he was
feeling my legs and kissing my neck like he usually did and he
asked me if I really liked this and I said I did. I told him that
I didn't want him to go to college because then I wouldn't be
able to play. He was sorry about that, so we played again.

He suggested I play with my friend Timmy, who had played the game
with me and my brother a few times and liked it too. But Timmy
liked to be dominated too, so he would be no fun. Then my brother
suggested I try to find someone else to do it, maybe a stranger,
and he said it might be more fun. He told me to dress just like I
did for him and maybe I would get lucky.

He took me out shopping later that day and bought me the
shortest, tightest pair of shorts he could find and then took me
home. My mother let me wear clothes like that, but she didn't
like it.

That night when my parents went out my brother played with me
again. This time he snuck up behind me and put his hand over my
mouth before he tied me up, and I liked it. It was good, because
the next day he was going off to school a month early.

The next day my mother drove my brother to the airport and I went
with them, wearing my new shorts which were white and a red
t-shirt and new white sneakers. Before we left my brother told me
to watch for strangers who might ask me to get in, but not to get
in, to make them grab me, then the fun would start. He told me
not to make them mad and things would be great.

We dropped my brother off and he kissed me when my mother wasn't
looking, and afterward my mother went to the mall and the beauty
shop. I knew she'd be in there most of the day; she always was.
So I went outside to try and get kidnapped.

It didn't take very long before a man came up to me and said hi
and asked my name, so I told him. He asked me if I wanted to go
for a ride. I was so excited I felt sick and my heart was
pounding, and I didn't even answer him when he took my hand and
started leading me across the parking lot. He told me I was cute
and that I had nice legs, and my little thing bulged. He stopped
by the door of a van and a man got out and put a hand over my
mouth and I got really weak when he pulled me in. There were
blankets and pillow on the floor and the man laid me down and
took his hand off my mouth.

"Are you going to tie me up?", I asked.

He asked me if I wanted him to and I said yes, so he did. He tied
my hands behind me and tied my ankles and then he gagged me. He
asked me if I was scared and I shook my head. He started feeling
my thing and feeling my legs and then he put me on my knees and
took out his own thing. It was bigger than my brothers and really
stiff, and I was excited. I leaned down toward it and he stopped
me, taking my gag out so I could get it in my mouth. I sucked it
just like my brothers and swallowed it all when he spurted. The
other man got in back and I did it for him, too, and this time I
did something else I had done to my brother: I started to lick
it. I slid my mouth down onto it and was enjoying it when he
pushed my head down. I gagged but he wouldn't let me up. Finally
I managed to relax and let it slide into my throat, where I
finally made him spurt and swallowed it all.

I kissed and licked it clean and he turned me over and pulled my
shorts down. I had a pair of pink panties my brother had bought
for me on, and he liked that. He pulled them down and I felt
something cool and slimy being rubbed between my buttcheeks, and
then I felt him put his thing in there. He told me to relax and I
did, and it hurt at first, but then it felt so good I thought I
would go to sleep. He spurted in me too and the other man took
over. It hurt a little more the second time, then felt twice as
good. When he was done he pulled up my undewear and my shorts and
he turned me over and took the gag out and kissed my lips, but he
used his tongue, which my brother had never did. I used my tongue
back and he seemed to like it.

The other man was feeling my legs and I felt him pull down my
shorts and suck my own thing, and I spurted in his mouth. Then he
kissed me too and they sat back and looked at me.

The men asked me who I was and I told them, and told them where I
lived and everything. They asked me why I liked it and I told
them, and told them I had hoped to get kidnapped that day so this
could happen. They asked me if they should let me go; I didn't
want them too, but I knew my mother would get worried. The men
said they might not let me go anyway, and then I got a little
scared, but they untied me and let me out, and said they would be
looking for me. I hoped so. My rear end hurt the whole way home,
and when I saw Timmy, I told him what happened and he got really
excited. He started hanging around alot after that, and a week
later we both got kidnapped for real.

Kidnapped Buddies

A week ago I had been kidnapped and had sex with two men. I
learned that what I did was called a blowjob. I had liked it,
like I always had; my brother had taught me how much fun it was.

My friend Timmy, who was just like me, liked to do these things
too. We were a lot alike, small and thin with long legs, and
Timmy had black hair where mine was blonde. We were both the same
age.

Timmy and I decided to go out and see if we couldn't have it
happen to both of us. There was an amusement park down the road
from us, and Timmy suggested we try there.

I wore the same short white shorts and white sneakers I had worn
the week before, and a pink golf shirt; Timmy wore a black
t-shirt and dark blue shorts and blue sneakers, the sort of
clothes we knew would get us kidnapped. We went to the amusement
park and roamed around the parking lot. By noontime we weren't
having much luck and we were getting hot, so I went to get some
sodas while Timmy waited. (It was really stupid, what we did; it
was dangerous. But hey, this is just a fantasy!) When I got back,
Timmy was gone.

Timmy had been standing by the fence when a man came up and asked
his name, and he told him. He asked where I was and Timmy told
him I'd gone for sodas. Timmy got excited and asked the man if he
was going to kidnap us and make us give blowjobs. The man said
no, then grabbed Timmy and put a cloth over his face and he
fainted. This he told me later.

I was standing there with the two sodas when the same man came up
and asked me my name and if I was looking for Timmy, and I
answered him. He said a car had pulled up and a man got out and
pulled Timmy in. He asked me if I was trying to get kidnapped,
and I lied and said no. I wanted to see if this was for real.

Then he said he was sorry and walked off toward a station wagon.
I stood there and watched him as he got in and drove off. Just as
the car turned I saw Timmy sitting in the rear seat, and it
looked like he'd been gagged. I was mad and scared.

I waited there for a long time and drank both sodas and had to go
to the bathroom. When I came back the station wagon was there.
The man got out and came over to me with his hands behind his
back. He asked me why I was waiting.

"Well, Timmy got--" I started to say, and then he pressed the
cloth over my face and I smelled something strong and awful and
then I fainted. When I woke up I was bound and gagged and laying
on the back seat of the station wagon. We were pulling into what
I thought might be a garage. The man got out and took me out and
I saw we were in an old warehouse. Timmy was sitting in a chair,
tied up, and two men were standing around him. The man sat me in
a chair next to Timmy and asked the other men which one first.

"This isn't a game", he told us. "This is real."

One man picked me first, and they took me over to a matress and
put me on my knees, the man who had driven the car saying he
liked blondes. My heart was pounding as the man removed his gag
and dropped his pants. "Suck me", he said, and I did, flicking my
tongue around his head, trying to get it all in as I sucked. I
saw Timmy squirming in his chair, excited. It didn't take the man
long to spurt--or come, as I had heard it called. He told me to
swallow and I did, then pulled it out and asked if I liked it,
and I said yes.

Then the next man shoved his in, and it was so big my jaw hurt. I
looked up at him and he stroked my hair, smiling, and I knew he
liked me. I sucked hard at his huge thing and it took a long time
for him to spurt. He drew it out slowly, smiling, and then it was
third man's turn. "You look pretty in pink", he said, fingering
by shirt. He shoved his huge thick thing into my mouth and I
sucked hard again. I was getting tired, and hoped they didn't
want seconds, even though I liked it. The cum had been sort of
salty sweet the last few times.

He came in one huge gush and pulled out before I could lick him
clean. He replaced my gag and took me back to the chair. It was
Timmy's turn.

They took him over to the mattress and he was squirming with
excitement. The first man barely had the gag out before Timmy was
on him, hungering. The man laughed and began to moan. Timmy
looked like he was really enjoying this.

I was watching it all when the man who had kidnapped us both came
over. "So you two really like this, huh?", he asked, and I
nodded. He knelt down and started to feel my legs. "Nice legs",
he said. "That's why we kidnapped you two. You looked like you
wanted it." He got up and went over to where Timmy was kissing
the other man's thing and took his place. Timmy did him quickly,
and then he did the third man, the one with the huge cock. In the
meantime the other two took me over to the matress and laid me
down, taking out my gag so each of them could kiss my mouth. They
used their tongues and I liked it better.

They did it to Timmy, too, and he squirmed and moaned like I did,
enjoying every minute of it. After a while they gagged us again
and sat us back in the chairs. They asked us if we were going to
tell anyone what they did, and we both shook our heads no. They
told us that was good, then pressed the cloths over our faces.

We woke up a while later in the woods by the amusement park. The
men were gone, and so were our ropes. We were both still pretty
excited, so I gave Timmy a blowjob and he gave me one. We didn't
have sex with anyone else the rest of the summer, but when I got
to school...

