DISCLAIMER: Dont read if under the age of majority in your area. No, really. Its naughty. And you probably just want straight porn anyway. Go on, leave. Go on. Go on! Thats it. No, dont wait there, I can still see you. Go Thats it. Well done.


CHALET GIRLS

"Couldnt we have got six?"
"Why - Oh. Two each. No, youve forgotten. Eight rooms, three of us. We wouldnt get any to bite at all if we did that. Tell you what, once weve got em done, well pick one each, play cards or something for the other two. We can pick another up for the loser when were back in Geneva. Deal?"
"Deal."
"Deal."
***
The room she sat in was small, perhaps three metres by three. The chair in which she sat was the only furniture. Her clothes lay neatly folded in one corner, or presumably they were her clothes.
Her fingers ceaselessly circled her erect nipples. It could be assumed that she derived some pleasure from this, but an outsider could never be completely sure; her face remained blank, almost determinedly so, though perhaps that impression merely stemmed from the bone structure underlying her impeccably beautiful face. A true ice maiden, were it not for the fact that the typical ice maiden very seldom gets topless, let alone nude, and starts playing with her nipples.
One would think that the impassive archetype, too, would very seldom develop hard nipples; somehow the concept doesnt gel with the traditional image. Princesses of the storybook stern mould do not pleasure themselves or touch themselves in any way, as a rule; and its highly likely they never get pleasured in any way by others. Either the handsome prince of fairytales is part of a childrens story and the tacit assumption is that sex doesnt matter in the least, that some process of bacterial fission or sculpting from clay got all the characters to the start line and that theyll all live on forever, never multiplying or even performing rudimentary addition, or the prince is the archetypal bastard and the princess an object lesson dreamed up by insecure males in response to female emancipation which serves to show, so they think, that secretly all women dream of being ground into the floor, of having their very life rendered nothing more than a possession of the princes, for him to do with as he wishes. Most of the time said prince is the type of male who not only couldnt find the clitoris if he tried but isnt going to waste his time trying when he could be romping home. Probably limp-dicked, too.
In short, the womans appearance and activity were utterly at odds with each other, and there are far too many militant feminists round here for me not to have been close to brainwashed.
Nothing else happened for perhaps a full day; the woman sat, maintaining her position by dint of absolutely no movement bar her hands, her eyes fixed on some point on the far wall - where, our hypothetical observer would be utterly at a loss to say without the very closest of examinations; the wall seemed utterly flat and without features, perhaps a little glassy but nothing beyond that.
At the end of that day she blinked. Her fingers continued in their course at the same speed, as if nothing had happened - and, of course, nothing spectacular had - and her posture remained the same. Her eyes still held fixed to the same unobtrusive point on the wall; but now tears, a days worth of cleansing for her eyes, welled against her lower lids and flooded down her cheeks.
Nothing more occurred for another twenty-four hours. Then a door opened behind her. The sound did not disturb her; now she was  back as she had been forty-eight hours ago; the tear tracks had now dried into a state that was effectively imperceptible.
The entrant walked up to the woman and stood alongside her, casting a cursory glance at the wall which held the womans attention. Thick blue sunglasses reflected the walls sheen back toward it.
The entrant carried a small plastic jug filled with a murky orange liquid and a funnel. "Open," he said.
The womans legs swung open immediately, exposing her labia to the air, hanging off the edge of the chair on which she sat.
The entrant rolled his eyes.  "I had forgotten how much of the process is hardwired to sex... Open your mouth," he said, impatiently.
Her mouth opened obediently, instantly. The entrant placed the end of the funnel inside her mouth, beyond the wall of her teeth, and tilted the wider end upward slightly. "Close your mouth."
Teeth and lips clamped down firmly on the plastic tube. The entrant raised the jug, being careful not to block or even partially obscure the womans view of the wall, and began to pour the orange liquid into the funnel. At regular intervals he told her to swallow. And then he left. She continued to gaze at the same point on the wall, and blinked five minutes later. Once her eyes closed, however, they would not reopen. Water nonetheless spilled out from the confines of her lids, reopening the tear tracks of earlier.
She sat there with her eyes closed now, legs splayed over the side edges of the chair exposing her pussy to any who entered, fingers still working on her nipples, which were now sore, heedless of all things, in effective sensory deprivation - no content reached her dormant mind.
The smooth grey wall at which she had stared for so long went black. Somewhere, someone had turned the wallscreen and its subliminal messages off.
***
Her name had been Natalie Allen. Soon, it would be again. At the moment, however, she had no name. She had no consciousness and no identity.
Academics of one sort or another have isolated a number of points, of which these are the principal three, and defined them as essentially specious; suggesting that in fact the entire world, the entire universe, multiverse or indeed whatever encompasses that and everything else - the whole of creation and all the myriad other hypothetical creations that may exist somewhere, somehow, somewhen - are all one hive mind, and that we are but relatively independent parts of it. Thus, we have been described as relatively independent sub-totalities. Such things as names, identities, consciousness itself - these, the theory goes, are wholly false, specious attempts to separate Self from Other, a distinction which, the theory goes, is utterly meaningless.
Now, Ive already vented at reactionary males and at feminists, so I wont touch the academics this time around. However...
The boundary between Self and Other, meaningless or not, is the only thing that keeps the Selfs will in charge of the Selfs body. Certain lessons learned during your upbringing are, in these terms, the effect of Other transgressing on the boundaries of your Self. And these lessons then inform Selfs behaviour.
The whole aim of mind control, then, is to break, twist, contract, fracture, drill through or in some other way impose Other on Self in such a way that Self cannot override the control Other has gained - in the case of lessons learned in childhood, the instinctive actions can be overridden by conscious action. The goal of total mind control, clearly, must be to intermingle the suggestions of Other into Selfs consciousness so that Self naturally does what Other wishes.
So, when Natalie and her university flatmates were abducted three days ago, the chemicals used to crush their resistance were also geared toward the induction of a hallucinogenic state in which Self and Other commingled.
A lot of female students these days apply for work as chalet girls in the Alps, drawn in by the somewhat over-romantic and almost fictionalised accounts of those who have gone before. Why those who have gone before do this is something of a mystery, but is probably down to one of two possible explanations.
The chalet girls want the next lot to go and experience the same crushing boredom, hard work, and absence of skiing in close proximity to snow as they were forced to experience, or they havent got a choice in the matter. In either case, Natalie Allen, Kelly Johnson, Tina Smith, Rachael Barrett and Sally Williams, the inhabitants of a small and rather poky but much-beloved flat in Newcastle, where they study History of Art, chose to spend their 2000 summer holiday in the Swiss Alps as chalet girls, or as they put it, "Sun, ski and sex... and you get paid for it!"
Being chalet girls for three chauvinistic and malicious students who normally attended an expensive international university in Geneva was not quite what theyd hoped for; Natalie alone got her butt slapped five times in the first half hour, despite keeping a careful watch for it. Kelly was volunteered by Ulf, the German and probably the richest of the group, for a hypnosis show.
No one told her it was going to be a risqu hypnosis show until she was under, which would have been OK had she not proved to be so deeply susceptible; once under she literally couldnt resist.
***
"...OK, now sleep, but keep your eyes open..." Something seemed to switch off in Kellys eyes; some of her prior liveliness vanished. The amused glint which had characterised her even throughout the trials of the chalet in that firs week was snuffed out. "Thats it, good girl," the hypnotist said, sounding as if she was a five-year-old who kept wetting herself. "Now, do you see this?" he asked, holding a 12" vibrator up in front of her.
"Yes," she replied, her voice quiet and soft. Natalie almost didnt recognise her as the ebullient girl she shared a flat with in Newcastle, and shuddered as she realised how much of a person is in the way they act.
"Good girl," the hypnotist said again, somehow contriving to make his voice sound even more condescending. "When you awaken you will believe, totally and completely, that you are a man. As far as you are concerned, you have no breasts but you do have a nice big cock. A cock, in fact, that is exactly the same size and shape as this one."
The audience laughed to a man. Four of the women, however, merely raged silently in sympathy with their friend. How they could treat someone who only had only gone along with this because she was forced to in this way was utterly beyond Natalie, Tina, Rachael and Sally. And just because Kelly had the bad luck to be possibly the best hypnotic subject conceivable.
"And you will believe that I have done cock voodoo; that I have obtained from somewhere a perfect replica of your cock - this vibrator - and you will believe that you experience whatever happens to this vibrator. Is that clear?"
"Yes," she replied.
"Good dog," he said. "Now-"
And, as hed expected, he was overtaken by hilarity. Natalie almost bit through her lip trying to keep from screaming.
The hypnotist, like the dirty-minded showman he was, timed his next comment perfectly, just as the laughter subsided enough for him to be audible once more. "One more thing - youll be too scared of me to try and retaliate and youll know that walking away wont help."
For a fleeting moment, Natalie smiled with a sense of cosmic justice revealed. Clearly hed got himself injured doing this at some time before, and badly enough to prevent him from retaining the possibility as extra spice, which most showmen would. She wondered what the girl in question had done... Kicked him in the balls, possibly, or thrown him off the stage. Was that a trace of bruising she could see just below his hairline?

Natalie had cause, not long after, to suspect that this was a private buzz for the hypnotist and not an item included for its positive effect on the audience. He had another of his female subjects give Kelly a thorough voodoo blow job, and the audience found this hilarious; when he used a gay male subject, most of the audience was subdued, with only the occasional giggle and the more common disgusted muttering. Ulf, Ringo (a Cantonese youngster who bitterly resented his parents choice of European first name) and Benny (a fellow Brit) seemed to be among those disgusted, which Natalie supposed was something in their favour, though not much.
She fiercely hoped that Ulf regretted volunteering Kelly now. It wouldnt change anything, but itd make her feel a little better.
Anyway, the two acts of fellatio werent too bad - though watching Kelly perk up and go into the heights of ecstasy due to a womans ministrations was unsettling, and the squirming, male-homophobe reaction to being sucked off without being able to prevent it sat oddly on her face. What really upset the girls was the hypnotists next stage. Under the guise of buying the vibrator in an imaginary shop from a subject-cum-shopkeeper, he tested it for durability - by smacking it around a chrome pole - and fireproofing - by cigarette lighter.
None of the males in the audience laughed at that. Only two of the women found it even remotely funny. The thought *that could have been me* was running through everyones mind, and no man likes the suggestion that something might happen to his todger.
***
"Well, that was cool."
"Yeah. Well..."
"No, not that bit, obviously."
"Given me an idea, though."
"I dread to think."
"Now I know how to pay Tak back for the last week of term."
"You sick fuck."
"Yup."
"Time to start, do you think?"
"Nah," two voices replied in unison. One of them continued. "Give it another week. The prelims wont be finished yet."
***
Then, a week later, three days ago, Natalie, Kelly, Rachael, Sally and Tina watched Benny, Ringo, and Ulf set off for a days skiing with about four thousand pounds worth of equipment each. They watched them round the corner, then looked at each other and sighed.
"Thank God theyre gone," they chanted in unison, their mantra over the fortnight in the chalet so far. Then they sighed, and set about clearing the place up.
Wondering how their employers could spend five hours in the chalet each night, all of it asleep, and still create such an astonishing mess that it took five girls the whole morning to clear up each morning, Natalie turned the hi-fi on. Now this was another piece of ridiculously costly equipment, and hadnt been used by the annoying trio all holiday; they just werent inside enough. And yet it looked so new it could almost have been bought specifically for the trip. There was a small chunk missing at one corner, as if it had been dropped somewhere, but beyond that...
Nothing. She stood there for a moment, eyes closed, already tired as a result of having had barely four hours sleep the previous night, and about the same for most of the nights of the holiday so far, and let the Manics wash over her.
For a new system, it did have an irritating background buzz. Probably because it got dropped, but still irritating. On the other hand, it was still a better quality than anything else they had to hand.
That was half-past nine.
At a quarter to ten a timer attached to a small metal cylinder in the central heating vent clicked off. A gas began to hiss out, masked by the Manics singing *Youre Tender and Youre Tired*.
By half-past ten Benny, Ringo and Ulf were drinking coffee upslope and trying to decide when itd be safe to go back.
By eleven, when they opened the chalet door with expensive and double-purpose facemasks in place - the plastic mouthpiece being designed the same way that gas masks were designed during WWII - the five chalet girls were unconscious and dreaming, their minds a worrying mix of Self and Other.
Other was about to do some serious design work on their psyches.
And now we come full circle, with Natalie, Kelly, Rachael, Sally and Tina standing inertly in a row, devoid of thought yet somehow uncertain, in front of the three men they despise - or once despised.
To find someone despicable is to make a value judgement; a value judgement is one of the many things now beyond the scope of the five chalet girls.
They have been freed of their confinement in the hidden basement level of the chalet - which, they unfortunately did not know, was built by Ulfs family to somewhat unusual specifications - now that their minds have been reduced to plain, smooth warm wax. It is time for the trio of obnoxious males to leave their imprint, for Other to leave its stamp indelibly on Self.
Although, this time, that *is* specious; there is no Self. There is only...
*slavery*.