Sex Ed Humiliation
byklipthealien©

My name is Anna. I'm 18 years old, with shoulder length red hair, large C-cup breasts, and a slim body. My highschool, until recently, had a very conservative principal, so we had no sex education. But last year, a new principle took over, so this year we were taking sex ed. I was somewhat excited, as I knew very little about sex.

I was sitting in the back of the classroom, nervously looking over my materials, when the teacher walked in. He began with a basic list of topics we would cover, and as the list went on I looked down, blushing. I barely looked up for the next 30 minutes, when I heard him call my name.

"Anna, since you don't seem to be learning through traditional methods, why don't you help me with a demonstration." 

Nervously, I walked to the front of the room, my face flushed with embarrassment. As I walked, I noticed a strange, nearly vertical table with metal rings. I was curious about its purpose, but didn't ask. I stood in the front of the room, facing the class.

"Now Anna, please remove your clothing, so we can begin the demonstration."

"What?!?! No, please. You can't make me do this." I turned to leave, but he grabbed my arm.

"I have the full approval of the principal in my methods. If you leave now, you'll be failed and won't be able to graduate."

Crying, I slowly pulled my long-sleeve shirt over my head, exposing my beige bra. As soon as the shirt was off, the teacher set it aside, saying "Now your pants please."

I slipped off my shoes, then froze, looking at all the boys, whose faces were staring in lust. 

"Today, Anna, or I'll write you up."

Trying to contain my sobs, I pulled down my jeans, revealing the black panties I wore.

"Now your bra."

I shook my head, and clasped my hands to breasts, covering them from the staring eyes. I saw the teacher beckon to two large boys in the front row, and they approached.

"Strip her." 

I tried to struggle, but one boy yanked off my bra, while the other pulled my panties down. I tried to cover myself with my hands, but then I heard the teacher speak.

"Bring her to the table."

They pulled me to the strange table, and forced my hands into the metal rings, snapping them shut so they were trapped. I wrapped my legs around each other, trying to conceal my pussy, but they each grabbed one leg, forcing my thighs apart, and snapped my feet into place. I was now completely exposed in front of over 50 students. I saw lustful looks on all the boys faces, and some of the girls.

The teacher walked up, and pointed to my breasts. 

"These are the breasts, filled with mammary tissue. These are the nipples. They are used to produce milk for the mother's child, but they can also be a place of sexual sensitivity. Additionally, they demonstrate reactions to temperature." 

He pulled out an ice cube, and held it to one of my nipples. I squirmed at the strange sensation, but the cuffs held me fast.

"As you can see, the nipple has hardened in response to the cold. This can also be caused by sexual arousal, which I will demonstrate later."

He then pointed downward, to my shaven pussy. When he touched my outer lips, I gasped, and flushed an even deeper red. 

"This is the labia majora, the outer lips of the vagina. These are the inner lips, or the labia minora. However, the site of most interest is the female sexual organ, the clitoris." 

When he touched my clit, I gasped even louder, and tried to pull away. 

"As the female becomes aroused, she will begin to produce vaginal fluid, and the clitoris will become engorged. Eventually, she will reach orgasm, resulting in rhythmic muscle contractions. I will now demonstrate."

Crying I begged, "Please, don't do this in front of everyone." But he ignored me, and began to massage my pussy. I tried my best to ignore his ministrations, but eventually I felt my pussy grow damp. 

"As you can see, she is becoming aroused, and vaginal fluid is being produced. Her clitoris is getting larger. Now I will demonstrate an orgasm."

He suddenly stuck two fingers inside of me, and began to pump them in and out, while the other hand rubbed my clit. I soon began to whimper, and my thighs became slick with fluid.

When he slipped in another finger, I moaned quietly, but as he continued, it got louder.

"As you can see, she's very aroused now, and has begun to vocalize her pleasure. Additionally, her vagina is producing excess amounts of fluid."

I felt something building between my legs, and I was moaning loudly now with every pump, humiliated, with my wet pussy being pumped in front of everyone. 

Eventually, I couldn't take it anymore, and screamed, cum dripping down my legs. 

"And that class, is the female orgasm."

