Family Sex Night
By Perry Jones (pounder801@gmail.com)

Please observe copyright information found on Chapter 1 of this story.  

Please read previous chapter since each chapter builds on the previous one.

CHAPTER EIGHT

	Mom took a loving licking from her daughters, while Daddy and Mark watched. 	It was mid-afternoon, and the family was gathered in the living room for fun and games. Curtains were drawn tightly over windows. Inside the house was a timeless world, sealed off from the outside. The only light was the light of lamps. Neither day nor night existed in the house of incest lust.

	Mom stood nude in the center of the living room floor. Her legs were spread, with her feet planted about shoulder-width apart. Jane knelt in front of her mother, while Linda occupied the rear. like their mother, both girls were equally naked, with pink shining skin. Jane's face pressed Mom's crotch, with her licking mouth wrapped around Mom's pussy. Saliva dampened Mom's bush and thick, warm, quivering labia. Jane's face was wet and red and shiny with smeared juices. Her lips were glued to Mom's pussy lips, while her tongue penetrated her mother's dripping sex.

	Mom's interior seethed with wet heat which rolled on Jane's pink pointed tongue. The tongue rolled over quivering membranes. Jane knelt with her long thin legs folded under her, and her ripely rounded rear resting on the backs of her heels. Her nipples were stiff pink points jutting from her pear-shaped breasts. Jane's knees were spread, opening her pussy to her fondling hand.

	She pressed her fingers against her thin-lipped pussy and rubbed it as she licked and tongued her mother's sex. As she touched herself, her pussy lips warmed and darkened with the dusky glowing blush of arousal. Moisture oozed inside her. Linda was as busy as her sister Jane. Linda knelt behind Mom's back, with her face wedged between Mom's buttocks.

	Linda was more or less in the same position as Jane, except that the coed stood on her knees, while her hands gripped Mom's plump thighs. Mom reached back behind herself, each hand gripping one of her buttocks, the soft smooth excess flesh oozing and jiggling.

	She pulled her buttocks to the sides, opening the inner recesses of her ass for Linda's kissing mouth and licking tongue. Mom's ass-hole was pale brown, wrinkled, tight and flexing. It quivered when Linda's puckered lips pressed it with many satisfying deep kisses. Mom's ripe buttocks pressed Linda's facial cheeks. It was warm, humid, and sticky inside Mom's ass, the ass-hole quivering on Linda's loving lips.

	Linda pressed her tongue tip against the flexing folds of the hole, which quivered with added excitement from the tonguing. Linda's tongue traced the shape of the wrinkled folds of flesh, greasing them with saliva, exciting them with a tongue massage. Linda pressed her tongue tip against the quivering hole and pushed inside it. Mom was very tight in her rear; Linda had to push hard.

	Mom grunted when the tongue pushed past her anal ring and penetrated her tight and creamy rectum. Her membranes pressed the invading tongue. Linda's parted lips rimmed the hole, pressing against it as she plunged her tongue within. At the front, Jane pushed her tongue to the top of the slit, where Mom's clitoris throbbed with impatient eagerness for oral arousal.

	Mom quivered and moaned as the tongue whipped across her sensitive node of flesh, firing pleasure through the clitoris. Her pussy seethed with erotic heat which rose up inside her belly. A second wet fire was stoked at her rear, where Linda tongued her ass. Mom was getting it at both ends, and loving it.

	The dual oral delights made Mom shiver and moan. Her sweating face glowed with red color, while gasping cries were forced from her. Mom was weak in the knees. Her legs trembled. She rested her hands on Jane's smooth narrow shoulders, clutching them to keep her balance.

	Mom rocked back and forth, tongues working at her clitoris and rectum. Her naked unbound breasts were jiggling pillows of flesh, the tips of them stiff fat nipples which throbbed with urgent lust. Mark and Daddy watched the show. Both males were hot, excited, and hard.

	Mark sat naked in an armchair, leaning so far forward that he was almost out of the chair. His cock was stiff and jutting. His wide eyes were magnetized by the scene of female orality, as his sweet teen sisters mouthed Mom for her pleasure. His hand was between his legs, gripping his cock. Unconsciously, unaware of what he was doing, he pulled and kneaded his hard penis. He squirmed, fidgeting breathlessly. It was exciting to watch Mom and the girls work out, but he wished that at least one of them was available for his pleasure.

	Daddy was as excited as Mark, as his erection demonstrated. His rod was thick and red, stiff as a piece of pipe or a length of cable. Mom reached her peak arousal. Her sobbing cries of lust came constantly. She put one hand on the back of Jane's bobbing head. Her other hand reached behind her, and fastened on the back of Linda's neck.

	Mom climaxed.

	As she came, she pulled Jane and Linda to her, grinding their faces into the flesh of her crotch and her bottom. Jane was engulfed by slippery membranes and liquid heat. Her nostrils and mouth were filled with pulsing pussy flesh. The membranes rippled convulsively against Jane's mouth as Mom came.

	At the same time, Linda's hot wet face was buried between Mom's plump buttocks. Her sucking mouth was clamped to the quivering ass-hole. Linda's tongue was plunged so deeply inside Mom's rectum, that the root of her tongue was sore and aching.

	Mom's soft masses of flesh, her breasts, buttocks, belly, and thighs, shook without restraint as her orgasm rocked her. Mom looked dizzy, as though she might faint from pleasure. Her eyes rolled in their sockets, and breath hissed through her clenched teeth. Mom gave a final convulsive shudder, then abruptly relaxed as the mainspring of her sexual tension was unwound by the climax.

	Sighs, deep and heavy, shook her breasts. Mom swayed, then clutched her two daughters to keep her balance. A groaning gasp rose up from her. Mom came quite undone, thanks to her shattering orgasm. Waves of erotic afterglow, hot electric pleasure flowed through her. Such intense pleasure left her breathless. Mom went to the couch after disengaging herself at both ends from Linda and Jane.

	Jane's red face was shiny with secretions and saliva. Her face was creased by pleasure, since she had continued to rub her pussy throughout the oral encounter. Jane's fingers were wet, and they writhed over her thin-lipped pussy, whose lips were heated to a rich red dusky color.

	She pressed her thighs closed, squeezing her fingers even harder against her pussy. Her breasts jiggled as she gasped for breath. Linda was also stimulated, while Daddy was ready for her. His stiff penis bobbed as he rose up out of his seat to meet her.

	Linda was on her knees, while Daddy approached her from the front. Her eyes were glazed and her mouth was open for his rod. When she went to kiss his cock, Daddy eased her down on her back on the carpeted floor, Linda's breasts and buttocks jiggling as she lay down. He got down on his hands and knees and crawled around her, moving up to her head. She reached for his cock, grasping at it.

	Daddy planted his knees on either side of her head, then leaned forward until he crouched over her, his cock head jutting inches from her mouth. The thick red dart of his cock rose stiffly from his hips. His balls were tight in the bag, swollen in their sac of flesh. Daddy crouched over his daughter, his head poised over her pussy.

	Linda opened her legs for him. Daddy pressed his palms on either side of her lushly curved hips, which showed womanly charms. Linda reached under him and gripped his cock. The hot rod throbbed in her hand. She rubbed the swollen cock against her face. 	The member twitched and jerked. She licked the squirming head, her tongue tip darting over and in the thin slit in the center of the cock head.

	Daddy planted hot kisses on his daughter's pink pussy, the labia coming alive, quivering under his massaging lips. He darted his tongue in her. She was wet, her juices thick and tasty on his tongue. His tongue rolled over her membranes, lapping juices. Linda moved beneath him, moving her hips, pressing her pussy against his mouth. At the same time, she took his cock in her mouth.

	Daddy moaned when his daughter's wide red lips wrapped around his shaft. The lips glided over his hot penis flesh as she mouthed her father. Her cheeks were hollow as she sucked. His cock' was caressed by the velvet bed of her tongue, which wrapped the underside of the rod. His mouth pressed her pussy. His tongue rolled up the slit, licked the labia, and pressed its tongue against a pearl of a pulsing clitoris.

	Moans rose up from Linda as he licked her clit. Her moans rippled through his cock, which was so stiff that it seemed to shake with vibration. Linda reached up, wrapping her hands around Daddy's hips, pulling him to her so she could take his cock deeper into her mouth and throat. Daddy licked, nibbled, tongued, chewed, and lapped at the juicy pussy writhing under his mouth.

	Mom was so drained from the delicious afterglow of the dual eating given her by her daughters, that she could only stagger to the couch and throw herself down on it. Sighing heavily, glowing with pleasure, Mom stretched out on her back on the couch, her full-bodied form sinking deep into the cushions. She closed her plump shining thighs, pressing them against her pussy. Sensation shot through her each time she squeezed her sex.

	Mom shivered with afterglow, but Mark was not neglected. Jane stopped fingering and fondling her pussy in order to enjoy a more sociable arousal. Jane rose up and went to Mark, her eyes shining, her hair bobbing over her smooth shoulders, the wave of hair swirling over her breasts. Mark started to rise from the chair to meet her, but Jane pushed him back down. She was wet and ready for immediate action.

	Mark's cock rose up from his hips as Jane mounted him. She faced him as she swung her long lean legs up over his thighs, straddling him. She rested some of her weight on his shoulders. The soft promise of her pussy was poised over his quivering cock. Mark gripped his penis, his fist closing around the base of the shaft, the red head jutting from the top of his hand. 

	Jane's lean thighs flexed with bands of muscle under soft skin. Her pussy lips, quivering under the sticky coating of secretions which had oozed from inside her, touched down on the tip of the penis. The cock head pried open Jane's pussy lips, entering the creamy sleek membranes. Mark moaned as his cock head was clutched by her tight little pussy.

	Jane shivered, her face glowing and her voice gasping, as she took her brother's cock inside her. Her own weight, sinking down on the shaft, impaled her. The cock filled her. Jane sank down on it, until her pussy lips pressed the base of Mark's shaft. He shivered with arousal.

	The backs of her taut thighs rested on the tops of his thighs. Now that he was inside her, Mark took hold of Jane's narrow hips. Jane rocked back and forth. When she moved backward, tilting her upper body away from her brother, her hips tilted forward. She clutched his smooth sweating shoulders to keep from falling. Her head was tilted back, her hair streaming down her back. Moving her upper body backward caused her hips to push forward, grinding hard against his cock and taking it even deeper.

	When she rocked forward, pressing her body against him, she slipped her hips backward, away from him, so that his cock partially slid out of her. Back and forth Jane rocked in this fashion, riding her brother's cock. When she pushed forward, she rubbed her breasts against his gasping face. His greedy mouth sought her nipples, kissed them, licked them. Jane rocked faster and faster. Groans, sighs, gasps, were forced from brother and sister as the cycle of their sex moved hotter and higher.

	Mark's hands tightened on her lean hips and pulled her to him, planting his cock deep in her pussy, so that she sat impaled on it. He threw his head back, his face contorted by his orgasm. Semen jetted from his cock, spurting thickly into Jane's tight hot passage. Jane's tight pussy clutched the coming cock, milking it. Jane shivered with her own orgasm, her cupcake buttocks rippling with excitement.

	Her nipples were so stiff and hard that they ached. Jane rubbed her breasts against her brother's face and pressed a nipple to his mouth. Moaning as semen was squeezed from him, Mark wrapped his mouth around her nipple and sucked it as he and Jane shared a mutual orgasm. 

	Daddy brought Linda to orgasm before her sucking mouth made his cock come. But he was less than half a minute behind Linda, and she was determined to get him off, even though she writhed under him in her own orgasm. Her wet pussy quivered and pulsed, heat rising from the pussy and sweeping through her until she thought she might faint from the heat. All the same, she kept her mouth wrapped around. the stiff cock, whipping her broad tongue against the hot red underside of the cock.

	Daddy's knees, planted on either side of Linda's head, moved farther apart, forcing his hard cock deeper into her throat. Daddy enjoyed the moans of arousal and orgasm which shot through his hard cock as they were squeezed out of Linda. His cock buzzed, vibrating in her mouth. His balls nuzzled her. Her lips pressed his shaft, and her tongue whipped his cock to orgasm.

	Daddy's cream, thick and, gushing, jetted down Linda's throat. Linda gulped, swallowing it down. The cock quivered in her mouth, fat throbbing gushes of come pumped from the column of red rigid flesh. Through eyes glazed with pleasure, Mom watched her family writhe in sweaty sexual fever. Mom smiled as she anticipated the erotic joys which would follow this afternoon's session of incestuous oral love.

To Be Continued

