A Spanking to Remember
by Recipient
Copyright© 2021 by Recipient

I was looking forward to spanking Victoria in the nude. As a teacher at the Revensdale School for Girls one of my responsibilities is to punish the girls who violate the Rules of Ravendale while in my class room. I had just reported her for the third time in one month for disobedience. Her offenses had been mild, almost imperceptible, but I thought both of us would benefit from my strictness with her.

This is my first semester at the school, and the first time I was required to enforce the Rules. Although the Revendale School for Girls requires the girls to wear a uniform that consists of a modest skirt that comes down below the knees, and an equally modest blouse, Victoria’s uniform cannot hide her blossoming curves. She gets good grades too.

Although I am in my early twenties, I am still a virgin, and I had never seen a naked girl or women before. I had seen photographs in magazines and on the internet but seeing Victoria with nothing on at all would be so much more wonderful.

Victoria is a virgin too. Only virgin girls are admitted to the Ravendale School for Girls. They are virginity tested by the school physician, who is a woman. These tests are repeated periodically during their stay at the school.

The night Victoria was to be punished, the Headmaster and I were waiting in the Discipline Room. This includes several paddles and rods, and a restrainer, where the girls’ bare bottoms are made to stick out to meet the paddle or the rod, while their wrists and ankles are locked in shackles.

When Victoria entered the room, the Headmaster told her angrily, “You are five minutes late, Victoria. Come inside, and close the door.”

“Will I need to take off all of my clothes?” Victoria asked plaintively.

“Victoria, you know the Rules as well as we do. You and your parents agreed to the Rules before you applied to be educated here,” The Headmaster said. “For your first offense I scolded you. For your second offense, Mr. Henderson spanked you ten times through your panties. Because this is your third offense in the same month, you will be required to submit to a spanking of indefinite duration, completely naked. This is for your own good. Years from now you will be glad we did this to you.”

“Mr. Henderson could have put you in the restrainer and used a paddle or a rod,” the Headmaster continued. “Because he likes you and does not want you to be really hurt, he has consented to spank you with his hand as you lie over his lap. I like you too Victoria. That is why we are doing this. Some day you will thank us. Now take your clothes off.”

It is true that I like Victoria quite a lot. Indeed, she is my favorite student. That is why I exaggerated the severity of her offenses. She tried to obey me. I reported her for disobedience anyway. Now I was going to be able to see and feel her when she was completely naked! I chose this method of disciplining her because it would be more enjoyable to feel her bare bottom against the palm of my right hand, and I wanted to hold her naked body with my left arm. The month was December. There was snow on the ground. Nevertheless, I was wearing a short sleeved shirt, so that there would be more skin contact between us.

Victoria reluctantly removed her coat, shoes, and socks. Then she removed her blouse and skirt. When she removed everything else, showing us everything she had, I was breathless with admiration. This certainly was better than a photograph.

Victoria is shy and modest. The poor girl was terribly embarrassed to be naked before the Headmaster and me, although we saw nothing for her to be ashamed of. She began to cry softly, while trying to hide her breasts with her left forearm and her long hair. She covered her vulva with her right hand. This made her all the more enchanting.

“Stand in front us Victoria,” the Headmaster commanded, “Move your hair so that it drapes down your back and hold your hands behind the small of your back.” When she obeyed, the Headmaster said, “There, that’s much better.” Then he gave her a long and harsh lecture on the need to obey her instructors.

With her charms exposed to my eyes I appreciated the fact that she had the budding breasts of a beautiful young woman. Her areolas were perfect circles. Her areolas, nipples, and lips that had probably never been kissed, were the same shade of light red. Her eyes were as blue as the sky. Her blond hair was straight and long. Her arms were thin. She had a narrow waist and a flat stomach that merged with rounded hips that beautifully framed her vulva.

I was surprised to see that Victoria’s vulva was as bald as that of a small girl. She may have shaved for the event, knowing that we would see her naked. It may have been natural. She was only fifteen years old. Regardless of the reason, Victoria’s vulva was beautiful. It had a small mound, and a well defined slit with no clit hood.

When Victoria noticed that I was looking intently at her vulva with a delighted expression on my face, she blushed in the most beautiful and becoming manner.

By the time the Headmaster had ended his lecture Victoria’s vagina was dripping, and her nipples protruded. The dear girl may have wanted to conceal her arousal from us. Her young body would not let her. The Headmaster said, “And now, sweet Victoria, it is time for us to begin.”

When Victoria lay over my lap, and I held her, I marveled at how soft and smooth her skin was. Her bottom was as delightful. Before spanking her, I ran my right hand up and down her spine several times. Then I explored her endearing rear with my fingers. This was even more enjoyable than I thought it would be. This beautiful naked teenage girl was completely under my control! I would not seduce her, because I did not want her to be expelled from Ravensdale. I would protect her from a rapist. I would also give her a spanking she would never forget.

After fifteen spanks Victoria pleaded, “Please stop Mr. Henderson, This really hurts. How long will this continue?”

“I will decide how long your spanking is to continue,” the Headmaster said angrily. “It is just beginning. You must be taught to obey.”

Then the Headmaster addressed me, “Ron you seem hesitant. Do not spare Victoria. Put some muscle into your spanks.”

I needed no encouragement and decided to give Victoria a long and hard spanking to remember. When she started to squirm I held her tightly with both arms, and told her, “Stop moving around so much. These spanks will hurt more if you are still.” When she obeyed I continued my spanking.

I enjoyed watching the color of Victoria’s perfect bottom change from a creamy white, to a soft shade of pink, to bright red. I continued to spank her with enthusiasm. Finally the Headmaster said, “Ron, you may stop now. I think she has had enough. Victoria stood up, continuing to cry from pain and shame.

The Headmaster went to a desk drawer and got a jar. “Rub this anesthesia lotion over her backside,” he told me. “It will kill the pain.”

As I rubbed the salve over Victoria’s gorgeous bottom she said, “Thank you so much Mr. Henderson. This feels much better.”

I knew that Victoria had continued to lubricate during her spanking, because she left moisture on my pants. I told her to turn around and face me. When I put my middle index finger into her slit I could feel that she was indeed intact, and very wet. Victoria looked at me with tear streaked eyes, and an embarrassed smile on her face. “Despite all your cries and protests, you’ve enjoyed this, haven’t you?” I told her affectionately, while rubbing my finger against her hymen.

When she nodded shyly, I held her gently, kissed her on her forehead, and said, “The Headmaster and I enjoyed it. Seeing you naked has been the most wonderful experience I have ever enjoyed.”

“Thank you,” she said quietly.

When I was finished, the Headmaster took the lotion and gave me a small towel to wipe the salve and the lubrication of Victoria’s vagina from my hand. When she was still quite naked Victoria wrapped her hands around me, kissing me on the cheek, and saying, “Thank you Mr. Henderson. I think I benefitted from this.”

“Both of us benefited, I replied. “You gave me a great deal of pleasure.”

After Victoria put her clothes back on and left, the Headmaster told me, “Ron, If Victoria continues to cause problems in your class, do not hesitate to report her again.”

“I will not,” I promised.

“I can see why you like Victoria so much,” the Headmaster continued. “She is a charming girl. I like her too. That is why we need to be very strict with her. Report her slightest infraction of the Rules. She has already been reported three times. Her next report will mean another nude spanking. I think she would benefit if I administered her next spanking myself. I want you to watch. I agree with you that we should not use the restrainer and canes or paddles with her, only our hands. Victoria is a darling innocent who is trying to obey the Rules. She only needs our help to learn the ambiguities of the Rules. As her teacher it is your responsibility to interpret the Rules.