Bro's lust

By: aruna jain


Should've known that when my hot shot older brother came back from his
sixth year in college that things would be exactly the same, well maybe
not exactly the same. I am six years younger than he is. Over the six
years that he's been away I have grown up quite a bit. My hips filled
out as well as my breasts. After years of dancing my legs have become
strong and perfectly shaped. My stomach toned and my ass firmed and
became round.

The bus ride home from school was complete hell. I did not want to go
home. It was Deepu's first trip home for the year. Diwali vacation was
always darkened by his presence. Walking home from my bus stop I began
to reminisce of Diwali last year when I caught him looking at me. This
was not a brotherly look at all. It kind of scared me I suppose. Finally
I reached home. Noticing no car in the driveway I bounced into the house
hoping I was all alone. I dropped my bag in the hall and stripped my
heavy coat from my body. Ascending the stairs my skirt bounced against
the back of my thighs. All I wanted to do was get out of this skirt and
get into my comfortable boxers.

After dressing I went back down stairs to get some juice before heading
to my office in the basement. I entered the kitchen barefoot grabbing
the carton of grape juice and taking it down stairs with me. Plopping
down into the leather chair, I crossed my fishnet-clad legs tapping my
foot as I started the computer. I plugged in my headphones and turned up
my music up so I wouldn't be disturbed.

Deepu put his warm hand on my bare shoulder. I jumped and almost fell
out of my chair. Dragging the headphones from my ears I got up.

"Fucker what was that for?" I asked pushing his shoulder back.

"Hey sis. How you been lately?" his eyes traveling the length of my body
down to my bare feet. "What?s with the black?" his left eyebrow raised
as a smirk spread across his face.

"I happen to like black thank you very much." I crossed my arms over my
chest defensively.

I turned off my music and grabbed my juice trotting up stairs. He
followed me as I put the juice back.

"You know mom's going to yell at you for that."

"So fucking what? Why do you care if I get yelled at anyway?"

?Cause. What's with the attitude?"

"Whatever. I have homework." I grabbed my backpack and went upstairs.

Once inside my room I pulled out my chemistry notebook and began doing
my three-page lab assignment. I could hear someone come into the house.
My parents were home.

"Aruna, dinner's here." she yelled up the stairs.

I growled and slammed my book shut. I got up and trudged down the hall
to the stairs. Walking down them I could hear everyone talking. I jumped
down the last five stairs.

"Aruna... How many times do I have to tell you? Don't jump the stairs."
yelled my mom.

I rolled my eyes and sat in the chair next to my brother. My aunt was
seated across from us. My parents on either side of us and all I could
think of was how bad I wanted to just get up and leave. Deepu's hand
grazed my almost bare thigh. I looked at him shocked. His hand gripped
it as he smirked. I glared back down at my Chinese food and didn't look
up. "How?s school Aruna? My aunt asked.

"Well if you don't count my math class I?m doing rather well....
Especially in my chemistry class. I'm excellent at blowing shit up." I
said staring at my aunt evilly.

Deepu squeezed my thigh tightly almost causing a reaction out of me.

After dinner everyone sat in the living room. My brother kept staring at
me. I couldn't help but notice that looks in his eye. He wanted me and
bad. My parents decided to go out and have some drinks with my aunt.
This was good because I hated my parents anyway. I went up to the
bathroom and began to brush my teeth. Deepu came up behind me and
wrapped his arms around my waist. I rinsed my mouth and spun around.

"Let me go."

"And if I don't?"

"God you're my brother. Get off me."

"Fine..." he said backing off a bit letting me pass to get into my room.

He entered with me slamming the door shut and locking it. I sat down on
my satin covered bed pulling at the little ties in my hair. He sat
opposite me on the crushed velvet couch. His hands were on his lap as he
stared between my spread legs. I didn't realize my legs were open until
I heard him sigh. I immediately shut them pinning my knees together.

Deepu got up and walked over to me. He grabbed the brush off my dressing
table and began brushing my hair.

?You know what? You've grown up so much since I last saw you. Turned
into a very gorgeous young lady if you ask me."

"Well I didn't ask you. So if you don't mind I can brush my own hair." I
said reaching for the brush.

He yanked my head back by my hair holding my face up so I had to look at
him. "Oh no. I've waited six whole years for you and I?m going to have
you. So you can either enjoy it or not. I don't care."

I whimpered as the pain shot through the roots of my hair. My eyes began
to fill with tears as he slid his free hand down into my tank top. His
icy fingers circled my right nipple causing it to harden against my
will. His warm breath hit against my ear as he leaned down to nibble on
the edge of it. A soft moan escaped my throat as his hand traveled to my
left breast taking it into his hand and squeezing it hard. My body
jerked as he knelt behind me on the bed moving my head to the side so he
could suck on my neck. I could feel the heat rising in my body. A shiver
was released down my spine as his tongue moved to flick the side of my
neck. My back arched as he pulled my head back farther. His hands slid
gently down to my stomach circling my navel. His breath quickened
against my ear. As his hand traveled down to my cunt his lips grazed my
ear. He released my hair and pulled me down onto the bed pinning me down
against it. His body hovered over mine as he pulled my boxers down.

"Oh sis... You're a naughty girl." he said fingering my bare clit. "The
thought of fucking your brother turns you on you lil slut. Don't it? Say
it bitch!"

"Yes... Wait no. I meant no." I stuttered dumbly as my cunt moistened
even more.

His fingers probed my tight pussy. Soft moans came from his mouth. He
had already undone his pants and was half way out of them before I could
comprehend it. Soon his throbbing cock was lying against my clit.
Pushing his hips up against me, he began to pant. Then positioning his
hard cock at my entrance, he began to insert it. Knowing I was still a
virgin he went slowly until the head hit against my hymen. He pulled
back then slammed it through as my scream pierced the room's silence. I
whimpered as he pushed his cock in and out of my tight slit. On the
verge of tears I bit down into his neck to keep from crying. As my teeth
sunk in he hit my spot. A wave of pleasure surged through my body.

"Oh that?s it... Right there." I breathed against his ear.

He hit my spot harder causing my body to quiver. His cock throbbed more
and more with each thrust. My cunt tensed then relaxed around his
pulsating penis. Soon he was about ready to explode into me.

"Oh fuck me bro. I need you to fill me up."

He thrust two more times and then filled me with his cum as I orgasm
around his cock.

"See I told you you'd like it."


* Tell us how you liked this story* *( 1 is worst - 5 is best)*

* * *

				
*1* 	*2* 	*3* 	*4* 	*5*

*
Story viewed: *5640* times
Find more submissions from this author, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/search.php?id=6229>
Tell a friend about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/send_page.php?id=6229>
Post/Read comments about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/comments.html?id=6229>

