Nothing Teases like a College Chick
by New Hollander 

In the past, Livingston Tech had been well known for the sheer number of pale teens seeking to graduate in computer or graphical studies. However, technical degrees no longer seem to have the same stigma they once did which means a much wider variety of students are now seen. While white males are still predominant, female students have begun to populate the dorms – much to the delight of the guys. For the other houses, this is not a problem but ‘unfortunately’ Anderson Hall was not designed with both genders in mind.

There are many stories about what goes on in this dormitory. Some of them are widely told and some of them are not. Here is one of the latter.

- - - - -

One of the more significant differences between Anderson dormitories and regular halls is the showers. Being originally a male only hall, facilities were not separated into genders. Instead, each shower is “semi-private” – separated into pairs. Each shower block consisted of a small square room with a shower in two corners with a shoulder high translucent barrier in between. Opposite each shower are benches and a couple of coat hooks. After all, what else would male college students want with a shower? With the introduction of girls to Anderson Hall, there was no change to the showering system. After all, there was no need. Girls only ever needed to shower with girls and boys only every showering with other boys. As you can understand, this is what made Chloe’s plan so exciting.

Here she was, waiting outside the showers in the early hours of the morning, still wearing her nightgown. Chloe smiled to herself. Today she was going to make someone very happy. Then round the corner came Joe.

- - - - -

Like most male occupants of Anderson Hall, Joe didn’t have a shower partner. He was more than happy to shower with a random dude than one of his friends. Also, like most guys, he hoped that one day the improbable would happen. However, one can only dream.

Joe noticed Chloe immediately as he came within sight of the shower block. Standing there in her sexy nightgown, he smiled. Then out of the blue, she smiled back. Joe blushed, embarrassed at what he had done. A girl that hot would never be into him.

“Hi,” Joe mumbled nervously and kept walking, expecting no response.

“Hey,” she purred. “I don’t suppose you need a shower partner?”

Joe blushed again. He hated when girls mocked him. Saying nothing he entered a nearby pair of showers.

- - - - -

As Joe walked past silently, Chloe smiled again. She’d hit the jackpot of college boys – the shy, submissive type. She could toy with this boy for her own amusement and convince him to let no one else know. But how far did she dare risk it?

Before Joe could lock the door, Chloe jumped in with him. Obviously shocked he just stared at her. Now, she began to act. Smiling and saying nothing, Chloe started removing her footwear. Joe, who had worn jandals, was already barefoot. Chloe loved the expression on his face – a mixture of confusion and disbelief as he tried to figure her out. She couldn’t blame him.

Once she was barefoot as well, Chloe looked up at Joe. He had barely moved since she had entered, certainly making no effort to disrobe. She had figured this would happen, she would have to make the first move. Slightly slower than she would have normally, Chloe reached down and pulled her nightgown over her head. She knew this would get his attention. She glanced over. He was still stunned. Chloe needed to snap him out of his trance if she was going to see him the same way.

“You’re having a shower, remember? This is the part where you undress.” 

Chloe knew this comment would put him on the defensive. It worked perfectly. Joe did as he was told. Turning around to face the wall, he began unbuttoning his shirt. Chloe’s smile widened. Turning side on, she reached up and hung her nightie on the hook available, extending her body to its fullest. She could feel Joe’s gaze as she did so but did not dare look over, at the risk of scaring him. One false move and he might bolt.

- - - - -

Understandably, Joe was still very confused. Was this a normal activity? Did guys and girls shower together all the time? Did this girl think he was someone else? He wasn’t sure what to do so he continued to undress, facing the wall.

After removing his shirt, he risked a glance at his shower partner. She was bent over, searching for something in her bag. He could see her breasts hanging from her chest. Starting to feel tight in his trousers, Joe turned away again. But he could still imagine those breasts. They were as perfect as he could have hoped for. In fact, this girl was entirely perfect. Long brown hair, blue eyes, tanned complexion, elegant underwear. What was she doing here, with him?

- - - - -

Chloe finished pretending to fumble in her shower bag. She had had to give him time to start undressing. Otherwise she would have been completely nude while he was still clothed. Turning around, she found Joe imitating the same position she had been in – stretched out, topless, hanging up his shirt. She stared at his chest. He was quite thin but in poor shape, with no sign of much muscle on his scrawny frame. He was rather cute in a nerdy kind of way.

“I guess it’s now or never,” she thought to herself. Facing side-on to her also topless partner, Chloe bent over again and slid her panties down her legs. She heard Joe inhale loudly – he was watching. She stood back up straight, staring at the floor. At this stage she dared not make eye contact, her actions wouldn’t seem convincing if she did not. She kicked her panties from around her ankles and left them lying on the tiles. Then, she hesitated. Currently, standing sideways, she was not putting on much of a show – only teasing him. All this teasing was making her aroused. Now, it was time to see if Joe would follow her lead and whether he felt the same way.

Turning around she noticed Joe catch a quick glance before he quickly returned to facing the wall. Chloe did not see whether he had a tent in his trousers. However, she was about to find out. All he needed was another little push.

“Keep going, I’m not giving you a free show here.”

Chloe then picked up her shampoo and headed to her corner to shower. Turning her head, she saw him struggle to pull his trousers down. He obviously did not want to be exposing himself so much. As she adjusted the water temperature, she continued to watch him. Would he also take his boxers off or would he need another push? Or would she have to do it herself?

- - - - -

Joe was so embarrassed. Never before had he revealed so much of himself to any girl before. He was desperately trying to act casual like her but he couldn’t stop his hand from shaking as he picked up his trousers. There was no way for him to back out now, he just had to try and keep as much of his dignity as possible. Picking up his bar of soap, he turned to face Chloe. She was still standing there, letting the water run over her hand. Again she was standing sideways and with her thigh raised. He could see a glimpse of hair down there. Was she purposely doing this? Joe then noticed she was also staring at him, with a curious smile on her face.

“The boxers as well,” she said slyly.

Joe spun around again. He had planned to shower in his boxers. He had done it before when he had been too embarrassed to disrobe fully. It was normal practice. Why was she insisting that he take away his last shred of dignity? Without it, she would see his huge erection. However, if he wanted to act normal, he had to follow her lead.

His face was burning as he picked his boxers up off the ground, facing the wall. Quickly he grabbed the soap and darted to the shower, holding his penis in his hand. At least here, he had some protection from her eager eyes.

- - - - -

The warm water had never felt so good, running down Chloe’s back. Her powers of seduction had succeeded in convincing this shy, pathetic student into showing her almost everything. From the shower, she was unable to see his penis but she could still see his outline through the translucent glass. He would also be able to see hers.

Relaxing, Chloe focused on washing herself. She was unsure how long he would last before deciding he had showered enough. Chloe knew it wouldn’t be long. With her hair shampooed, it was time to continue the fun.

She moved over and leant over the barrier, resting her arms on top. From this position, she was completely shielded by the barrier while she could see everything. He had stopped clutching his penis but was continuing to face the other direction. Chloe smiled. She would have to toy with him further.

“You don’t usually shower with anyone, do you?” she asked.

He jumped, noticing her new position and realising his lack of cover.

“N-No,” he stammered. “The showers, they aren’t usually busy this e-early in the m-morning. You d-didn’t have to shower with me. You c-c-could have used another.”

Man he was nervous – and she couldn’t blame him. Here he was, exposing most of himself to her. Obviously, this wasn’t a dream come true for him. It certainly was for her.

“Showering alone is no fun,” Chloe responded. “You’ve got no one to talk to. No one to wash your back.”

- - - - -

Joe turned his head at that last comment, checking to see if she was serious or not. He could not tell as she just smiled back. Joe lowered his gaze in embarrassment and noticed her image in the glass. Since she was so close, he could see her breasts quite clearly, pressed up against the flat surface. He looked down further but he could only see the outline of her hips and legs. Obviously, only her boobs were touching the glass. Did she know about the show she was giving him?

Then, she answered his question. Leaving her own shower running, Chloe moved around the barrier and Joe was face to face with her, fully nude, facing him, showing everything. Her boobs looked even more perfect straight on and this was the first time Joe got a look at her vagina. He could see everything. Two pink lips with a hint of something trying to poke through. It also looked like it had been recently shaved. Joe felt his breathing accelerate, turning to face the wall while holding is erect penis in both hands. 

“No thanks!” he cried out, beginning to panic, turning to face the wall.

He felt her hand on his back as she slowly strolled around to face him again. 

“Well I’m not,” she said with a smile, once again giving Joe the complete view of her assets. “Can you soap my back?”

Joe could now feel his entire body trembling. He had never felt this combination of arousal and shame before. Thoughts were rushing through his head. Thoughts of his friends laughing at his predicament, Thoughts of hundreds of girls staring at his body. Thoughts of this amazingly hot woman with the soft touch, standing not one foot from him. Then, he had another thought – kissing her under the warm rain of his shower, her body pressed against his in an intimate embrace.

Chloe turned around, facing away from him. Unable to move, Joe took his soap and started rubbing it over her bare back, lightly and fast. She groaned slightly and he squeaked in embarrassment. Then she stepped backwards, towards him, so that their bodies were almost touching. She then bent forward slightly, allowing the water to run through her long hair and drain onto her back.

- - - - -

Realising that Joe had stopped soaping up her back, Chloe spun around to face him again. This made him jump, again – he awkwardness was so cute. And still he held onto his genitals.

“Could I have the soap to do my front?” she asked in her most polite voice.

When he didn’t move she simply took it from him and began rubbing it over her breasts. Joe’s eyes followed the soap involuntarily. It was like he had gone into a trance. And yet, she continued to tease him. She held out the soap, he took it back but Chloe wasn’t done. With her soapy hand she began rubbing it up and down her vagina. Again his eyes followed. She wondered whether he could tell how aroused she was. She could feel her clit swelling up. Then Chloe realised that this was probably this poor boy’s first opportunity to see such a sight for real. She felt a wave of pity come over her. On impulse, Chloe pressed her body against his. She hugged him, holding him in place. She could feel the life drain from him as she held him upright. Then, they kissed.

- - - - -

“Now, this is going to be our little secret, okay?” Chloe demanded once they were both dressed.

Joe simply looked her in the eye and nodded. Chloe was glad - it meant he was serious. Then she quickly unlocked the door and strolled out.

Chloe wasn’t sure whether she would return the next morning to tease him again. However, she knew one thing. He would return, she had made sure of it.

- - - - -

Still stunned, Joe did not know what to do. He almost felt like taking another shower so he could extend this moment further. Then, he noticed her nightgown still hanging on its hook. That girl sure knew how to make an impression.
