Diane’s Diary 1974 
by debbiel 

Diane Is beautiful, petite, stands a full 5’4” and just under 90lbs. She has this piercing beautiful smile, dad always tells her how beautiful her smile is and that seeing it brightens the day. Her smile radiates above her long legs, with a 28A cup upper body, her pretty wavy brunette hair accented by her wide round hazel eyes, beautiful lips that adds color to her face and her smile amplifies every bit of her body so that it doesn't matter if she has A or D cup size tits. Her smile and presentation is a positive example of the perfect customer service any company would love to have. Diane works at the store and has learned valuable lessons in customer service to be pleasant and smile for the customers. This helps when she carries the bags to the cars or the door because people want to give her a tip every time. Her fun and easy going self spreads from work to play, she likes playing on the family farm, riding the horses, feeding the animals and running down to the canal alone or with her brothers to strip down to their undies, to swim in the canal. Diane gained a love for swimming which she has been involved ever since she can recall. She is raised with just brothers, and has traits of being a tomboy where she will get dirty, and rough play with anyone. 

*****

diary entry: We live in a small town on small farm land, we grow fruits and vegetables, with a couple cows and horses. I have chores on the farm but don't mind them. Dad has a neighborhood store in town where we sell some convenient items and produce from the farm. My job is to bag and carry out for the elderly to the cars or their house if they live within a few blocks. 

New entry: My day has been good, we went swimming in the canal today, and my brothers thought they could out swim me, but I'm still too fast for them, maybe next time. I need to get ready to go into my dad's store, but it's been fun lately because a few boys from college keep stopping by and talking with me… they're nice and fun to talk with, but I'm not interested in them, or any guys right now. Well I gotta go, I will find time to write later. 

New entry: Today (Sunday), we got ready for church. I watched mom get out of the shower and get ready. I like to watch mom put on makeup, she's so pretty and mostly wears dresses everyday of the week. I watched her put her panties on, and a girdle. I don't understand why she wears one, but it sure makes her tits plump up. I often look at mom and wish my tits would grow like hers, I got the genetic non growing gene, I guess … someday I'm sure they will. Mom makes me wear a slip, dress and pantyhose to church. I’m 14 and still feel like a baby… I guess I will always be the baby to my parents and the way they treat me and my decisions. I guess I will continue to let that happen because I do like seeing mom get ready, and she looks pretty even in her undies, she always pulls off looking the best at church in her dress and makeup. Well, I’m sure it's because she knows how to out dress the other moms because she’s not much of a country girl as they are. 

New entry: Another day at the store. I carried some groceries to the house around the corner where I met one of our customers' grandson Tyron, he's nice but old. Maybe Ill see him around if he comes into the store with his grandmother. 

New entry: School starts Monday, and I went shopping for clothes with mom. I like new clothes but mom thinks I need dresses for school. Dresses are for church not school, and she wants me to wear pantyhose to school, yuck. Sorry, not for me, it's bad enough i wear them to church now mom wants me to wear dresses to school. Hells bells, looks like I’m stuck wearing dresses, and pantyhose, like my mom does and she is 36 years old, I feel like I'm becoming one of them old ladies like my mom and will be stuck wearing dresses and pantyhose everyday. It's bad enough that I have to wear them to church, but now I have to wear dresses a few days a week to school. Oh well, I know I have do obey my parents. 

New entry: Today is the first day of school and mom made me wear a dress. I would watch mom get dressed and she has a pretty 38C breast. Now that I’m wearing dresses, I wish my tits would grow like moms. Mine as so small and the dress looks dumb on me. Also when we went shopping I had to get PE clothes, a gym romper suit, and a athletic bra… but I don't have tits to worry about- this is all dumb. 

New entry: It's been a few days now, and I'm getting comfortable at school. Today we had to dress down in gym class wearing our one piece romper suits, the girl next to my locker is a year older. I think her name is Susan, but she is extremely beautiful, so sexy and pretty. Susan helped me with my lock today, and made me feel comfortable. She really is pretty, and has way pretty tits, I love how firm and big they are. I think she has like 30B tits, but so firm and cute, ok, I envy her body. 

New entry: Today I got home and stood in the mirror naked, and looked at my tits as I cupped them and pushed them up. I want my tits to grow like the other girls at school. I watched a few girls remove their bras today and just stared at their pretty tits, but most of the girls cover up as they change and I found myself doing the same. I would wrap the towel around me as I undressed and put my clothes on over the towel then I removed the towel. But today we were told we have to shower or lose points in class.. I'm just trying to figure out how to take a shower without getting naked in front of others. 

New entry: Today in the gym I was listening to other girls talking about boys. I am shocked to hear how crude and potty mouth some of the girls are. We live in a small religious town, with even ones I know from church. They talked about how boys like girls with big tits, and how they fuck, but you wouldn't hear them say that at church. After we got back in the locker room, I started to check out other girls as they changed, and looked at their tits. I was taking in the view, and saw so many different shaped breasts, but the one I still love seeing most of all is the girl who has a locker next to mine, her name is Susan and wow, she's pretty and I love her tits. She is a year older and so beautifully mature, standing a bit taller, with a slim built, perky and firm tits, long straight red hair to the mid of her back, with a pale but beautiful light completion that fades her freckles to almost unnoticeable complexion. I would say her breasts are a 30B and she always dresses so pretty, wearing dresses, flare leg high waist jeans, bodysuits and whatever she wears looks so darling on her, but that's just what is on the outside, I love seeing her in her undies. She always wears soft pretty bras and panties that mostly match. I want a body shirt like she wears, and I want soft pretty undies that match. But mom will never buy them for me. 

New entry: I can not believe my eyes today. I was amazed as I watched Sue slide her panties off, and saw a full red bush emerge as she took her blue matching panties off. Then looking at her full red bush, and thinking my pussy don't look as pretty, cause I don't have as much hair. But I like seeing her red hair and the touch a pink below. This image is permanently etched in my brain forever. I went home today and started to think about her more and more, wanting to be friends and even thinking how it would be to kiss her. I want to be besties with her and do stuff I hear others do with boys. At our school most of the girls go to church together and are very modest. We don't even undress in front of each other without covering up. Sue doesn't go to church, and maybe that's why she openly strips in front of me and showers totally nude. Me and other girls will shower with our bra and panties on and just have wet undies under our clothes the rest of the day. And if you're like me, I only have cotton bras and panties, and they stay wet most of the day. 

New entry: Today, I was watching the other girls in the shower and most of them wear nylon, satin or rayon undies which dry faster than cotton. So I was talking with mom today and had a great idea to have her buy me pretty undies. I said, “mom, I need thin silky, or rayon soft panties” she asked why- I told her I have been watching the other girls what they wear and how pretty they look and how fast there panties dry” I never got a chance to explain what I was talking about and how we take showers with them on. All she probably heard was “I’m looking at other girls changing and they are pretty in there underwear” Then something about panties being wet… well that's not what I was talking about, but mom didn't hear that. Mom gave me a lecture of the lifetime on how wrong it is for girls to like girls, and I have to save myself to marry a worthy man. 

New entry which not merges with the years to come without breaks: I'm on the school swim team and love being with the team and hanging with the girls, but I find myself looking more and more at them as they change, and as we swim. I know someone is going to notice I look at them, but now because of the lecture mom gave me, I now felt wrong for the times I viewed Sue undressing, for the times I snuck a peek at he New totally naked on the bench as she lifted her leg to put her pretty panties on and I got an eye full of her pink girl parts covered around it with red pubic hair. After that I tried to stop looking but I would still see at times. I stopped talking to her because I was scared of my thoughts, and I knew I should focus on boys. I never had a desire to date a boy, but felt I had to hang out with and around boys cause it was more easy to do that then have girlfriends to do stuff with. Plus with me being more of a tomboy, I got along well with boys. I guess consequences happen when you are nice to boys. Lots of boys would come into work, I’m wearing makeup and padded bras. I would be visited by lots of boys. One of them was older and I knew him from when he comes in with his grandma, he's about 22 but cute and funny. He is 7 years older, I had delivered to his house and he would come in often and flirt with me. I was being nice back to him as I was with everyone who came in. I loved his grandma and she always talked about her apple pies. One day Tyron invited me over for grandma’s apple pie, so after work I went over, but grandma wasn’t there. I didn’t even see any pie but Tyron insisted that I needed to relax and said I needed a massage, and he said knew what he was doing. He rubbed my back and it felt good, but he got me to lay down and massage my back then told me I needed to take off my shirt. I was naïve and took it off but still had on my bra. Next I knew he was pulling my jeans and panties off. He wanted to fuck I guess. He got naked, and I saw his huge cock, so huge it scared me, then he started to lick my pussy and fondle my tits. I felt nothing from it and I knew I liked girls, but this was still 1976 and lesbians are not talked about in our small religious town. I was so scared I asked for fresh hot towels. As he went to get them I grabbed my clothes and ran out the door naked trying to dress myself as I was running. I never told anyone
 and deep inside me I hated boys even more then before. But I knew as I was taught in church and in the home that I was to marry a man. I had more and more thoughts about girls but knew they were wrong and a sin. I was even on the swim team and loved watching the other girls, but could never slip and let it be known that I like girls. But every chance I got I would take to watch them undress. But reminded myself that it's a sin and needed to focus on being with boys. I found myself and kinda forced myself to hang with boys to not bring suspension. Later I started to date boys and in one of my college classes, I found a nice boy who I knew would never hurt me and he was raised with strict religious parents as I was and with good morals. Brent is a good man and fun to be around. We ended up getting married and having 4 boys. After having children and gaining weight, my body is not what it once was, my tits now are larger and sag so bad, my tummy is not the tight firm abs it once was. How time and age can be cruel. Today I still have thoughts of girls but I can never bring myself to tell him, because I know his views on it. Recently Brent found this cave in Logan Canyon, in an area hard to get to, and so secluded no one could find it except by accident as we did while hiking. This cave has no signs of ever being explored and you have to repeal down the face of a cliff covered by blind spots. As Brent and I entered the cave, our flashlights didn't give much light so we felt with our hands in the dark, the tunnel turned deep deep inside it and as it turned we could see light, but this light was not from any opening, it was not from a flashlight or a burning torch. The light was from what appeared to be millions of little dots on the wall that looked like stars, the camber we were in was large and we could see the dots all around us. All of a sudden one of the stars appeared to be shooting across the cave wall, I said to Brent “Hey look, it's a shooting star, I'm going to make a wish” I wish that I could have a sexy body again, and that Brent would desire to touch firm breasts and more. Just as I made my wish, the room filled with brightness as if it had exploded. I turned to Brent but couldn't see him, yet my eyes started to adjust from the brightness. I could see the room and the figure of someone, but it didn't look like Brent. As my eyes cleared more I realized I was no longer in the cave, but it looked like a locker room and someone sitting there with one leg up on the bench. I gained better focus and saw I was looking at Susan, and she was naked, with a leg up ready to put her foot in her panties and a view of her pink pussy and red pubes. After witnessing this I quickly touched my tits, and felt small tits. With my other hand I reached down and felt my naked body touching my thin pubic hairs over my vulva. I didn't understand what happened or what year it was, or even if this was a dream but right now I didn't care, I was in my sexy beautiful young body and I wasted no time as I asked, “Sue, would you go shopping with me to buy soft sexy underwear as I use my grand contagious smile as I asked and she replied “I thought you would never ask” 

The end. 