Hector the Magnificent
By IndianOutlaw

(How it all started)

Hector was a third rate magician. Some night could not draw flies much less an audience. But that all changed one night. 

The headliner pulled out for the midnight show at Elaine’s Magic Stop. No one ever really came to the midnight show on Thursday, so Elaine decided to, actually forced to give the top spot to Hector. He requested an assistant from the local temp agency and Betsy showed up. Used to secretary work, Betsy was excited to try this. At 19 years, it was her freshman year in college. She wanted to be a doctor some day. Betsy was about 5’2, petite. Tight little figure. Black hair, brown eyes, and firm breasts. We must also note the great ass she sported. She spent the first 4 shows, when Hector wasn’t the feature, just handing him rings and other assorted props. Now he was featured, he planned something special.

“Come with me.” Hector said. They went to the back and he told her what he was going to do. The box of death….An old trick. Assistant goes in the box. Magician plunges swords in the box. Assistant emerges unharmed. Hector’s take on the trick. The box will open in the front and she will roll out onto a red carpet and jump up. Simple trick he showed her. The box has patricians built into it. With the lid closed, she just curls up and the swords pass by harmlessly. Easy trick.

Betsy went behind the dressing room patrician and started to change. She came out wearing a black, skin tight silk dress. No straps, it hung on her nicely. He looked again, no underwear. She explained it would show through and decided not to wear it.

The show went as expected. He did his usual routine, added a few extra knot and ring tricks, then onto The Box of Death. Betsy wheeled the box out onto center stage. Hector lifted the lid and opened the front to show there was nothing in it. He waved his “magic” wand underneath and on all sides for effect. Then took her hand and helped her into the box. He closed the lid and she was now completely contained inside. He stalled for a moment, allowing her to get into position. She knocked twice, the signal for ready.

Hector grabbed the first sword. Plunged it into the box. The crowd gasped. It came cleanly out the bottom. And so with the second, third, fourth and now the fifth. He grabbed the last one, and prepared to drive it from the back to the front. Making it stab toward the audience. Cool effect.

Three fourths the way through it stopped. Hector was puzzled. He kicked the leg of the box once, she knocked twice, she was ok. So he decided to just force it. Putting his weight behind the sword, he pushed one, no movement, twice, again no movement. Then he pulled it back slightly and wham…
“Strrrrrriiiiiiippppppp…’ Her entire dress came out the front. The audience went wild. Hector got an idea.

Hector snatched it up and showed it to the audience. They roared with excitement. Meanwhile in the box Betsy was panic stricken. She was naked and helpless. Surely he would not open the box on stage.
Hector began pulling out each sword slowly, milking the crowd for all it was worth. With the last sword removed he moved to open the lid. The box was rigged, when the top goes up the front opens, the bottom drops and the person inside is forced to roll out onto the floor.

“1…..2……3…..” Betsy started crying, she could hear everyone cheering, Hector was going to do this to her. No one, except for her doctor had ever seen her naked. Until now…
Hector threw open the lid. The front opened, bottom dropped and out rolled Betsy in all her glory. She rolled to a stop and stood. Frozen in the staged lights, starring at the crowd. Small, perky little breasts, little erect nipples, firm ass and a shaved pussy rewarded the audience. The audience gave them a standing ovation when she hit the ground. Betsy grabbed her breasts with one arm, and covered her puss with the other and ran off stage crying. Hector was a hit.

This was only the beginning. 