Sam could tell that his brother was more than a little uncomfortable with the whole ‘summon an incubus’ plan. Dean was sweating, and he kept jumping at the creaks coming from the dilapidated house around them. They’d broken into the deserted building for the ritual: it was isolated enough that if things got a little noisy, the cops wouldn’t show up and complicate matters.

Sam had been worried about rotten boards and collapsed ceilings, but so far the only sign of serious decay had been the green growth of mold on one of the bedroom walls. He hadn’t wanted to set up there anyway: the room he’d finally chosen was much better—there were no windows and only one door, so it would be easier to contain the incubus if something went wrong. Which it totally wouldn’t because Sam had spent over a week researching the summoning ritual before broaching the subject to Dean last night.

He did a final check just to make sure that he hadn’t missed anything. Myrrh incense? Check. White chalk circle bordered by the Writ of Lilu? Check. Ring of thirteen thick, red candles burning around the outside of said chalk circle? Check. Malleus Maleficarum? Check. Incubus-infected brother? Check.

Clearing his throat, Sam asked, “You ready?”

“No,” Dean griped, but he squared his shoulders and relaxed his hold on the siren song. Sam’s grip on the Malleus Maleficarum tightened as the song settled over his brother like a glittering curtain of shadows. Dean’s eyes were practically glowing as he glowered at Sam, and flickers of red and gold—the reflections of thirteen tiny flames—danced in his dark hair.

“You gonna do it or what?” Dean muttered, and Sam realized that he’d been staring. He jerked his gaze back to the ancient book he was holding and hoped that the flickering candlelight hid his blush. Luckily, Dean didn’t seem to have noticed anything because he immediately continued, “I still don’t think this is gonna work. I’m not really feeling all that into things, if you know what I mean.”

Dean was referring, of course, to the final—and most important—ingredient they needed to summon one of Lilu’s offspring. With most demons, the catalyst was blood, or death or pain. With incubi and succubi, however, all a potential summoner needed was a good helping of lust.

This morning, while explaining the ritual to his brother, Sam had told Dean that the siren song would be an acceptable substitute. He’d been lying his ass off, of course, but no way was he going to admit the real reason he wasn’t worried about that last ingredient. ‘Hey, Dean, that lust thing is seriously not gonna be a problem because I’ve been wanting to get into your pants ever since I knew what my dick was for’ probably wouldn’t have gone over well.

Sam began to read the incantation from the book, shifting his weight as he did so and trying to adjust himself without being too obvious. For the first time, he wasn’t trying to fight the attraction, and he was so hard it was almost painful. There was no way that an incubus could resist answering the summons with this much desire clogging the room.

Sure enough, when he got to, “Vene, et libationem cupiditatis mei accipe,” the air in the middle of the circle darkened and then seemed to split open, forming a black doorway. A naked man, tall and blond and far too handsome to be real, immediately stepped out of the darkness and the doorway closed behind him.

The demon’s indigo eyes found Sam and, despite the protective barrier between them, Sam’s arousal spiked alarmingly. He dropped the Malleus Maleficarum and pressed the heel of his palm hard against his erection to stop himself from coming: he wasn’t sure whether the incubus could feed through the protective circle or not.

“Sam? Sam!” Dean had sprinted around the circle to grab Sam’s shoulder, and that was Not Helping because now he could smell his brother over the incense. Leather and gunpowder and a lower, musky scent that was Dean’s sweat.

He wanted to turn and hook one leg behind Dean’s. Wanted to drop him to the floor and hold him there while he ripped off all those stupid layers his brother always insisted on wearing. Then he could map out that freckled chest with his mouth, he could mark that soft skin as his own. Sam’s hand came up and gripped Dean’s shirt. He started to pull Dean closer, and …

“Well, well, well. If it isn’t the Winchesters. This is a surprise.”

Sam pulled away from Dean, panting heavily, and refocused on the incubus, which was watching him with an amused half-smile on his face. As Sam met his eyes, the incubus took a deep breath and said, “Oh, there it is. But what are we thinking of, little hunter, hmm? What fantasy are you fueling that desire with? Come on and share with the class.”

“Don’t listen to it, Sam: it’s just trying to confuse you.” Dean stepped forward, putting himself between Sam and the incubus. It was easier to breathe now that Sam wasn’t meeting the demon’s gaze, even if he did have to bite his tongue to keep from plastering himself against his brother’s broad back. Maybe he should have thought this through a little more.

The incubus didn’t seem at all displeased by the interruption. In fact, his smile widened as he raked his eyes up and down Dean’s body. “Dean Winchester. My, how the mighty have fallen. My sister’s been bragging about that deal of yours all month—said you were made for this. I didn’t think any human could be quite so … tempting …” He licked his lips and then continued, “ … but I’ve been wrong before. Don’t suppose you’d want to—”

“I’ll give you about ten seconds to stop putting the whammy on my brother, and then I’m kicking your ass back down to Hell.”

“Oh, but I’m not doing anything to Sammy—am I, Sam?” And Sam could tell from the smirk on the incubus’ face that it had figured out exactly what—and more importantly whom—Sam was yearning for.

Fuck.

“I’m fine, Dean,” he said swiftly. “Really.”

“Bullshit,” Dean snarled without looking at him. “We’re sending it back. Where’s that book …” He noticed the Malleus Maleficarum laying next to him and started to reach for it. Sam hastily kicked the book into the corner. Dean's brow furrowed in annoyance. “Dude, what’re you—”

“Just say the word, Sammy, and this can be a private discussion,” the incubus offered. “Of course, if you’d rather we let your brother in on—”

“No,” Sam blurted. “Private is good.”

Dean’s expression went from annoyed to alarmed in about half a second as he realized what was happening, but before he could say anything a strong, violet wind swept out of the circle and shoved him across the floor. He skidded out the door, shouting and fighting against the wind the entire time, and then he was in the hallway and the door slammed shut behind him. There was a second of silence and then Dean was hammering on the worn wood, shouting Sam’s name and trying to force his way back in. The incubus’ eyes flashed and the sound cut off.

“If you hurt him—” Sam started, and the incubus raised his hands, unlined palms outward.

“Dean’s fine. I just thought it would be a tad difficult to have a conversation with that racket. Did some creative soundproofing.” He tilted his head, amusement lining his face, and then asked, “So, why ever did the famous Samuel Winchester want to talk to me? Or did you have more in mind than a little conversation?”

He ran his hands across his body and it shimmered: shrinking, becoming bulkier. Hair shortening, darkening. Lips filling out, and … and Dean was standing there, naked and hard. Dean was eyeing him with a hungry, inviting look.

Not Dean, not Dean, Sam reminded himself.

“Maybe you thought you’d try to fuck it out of your system?” the incubus prodded. “I’m sure we could work something out …”

“No.”

“I’d make it good, Sam. You’d never know the difference.”

Yeah, he would. He’d know because Dean would never do this. Never want this. It took an effort, but Sam managed to tear his eyes from the incubus wearing his brother’s shape. Staring at the far wall, he muttered, “I want to know how to control the feeding.”

“Do you?” the incubus asked. It sounded almost gleeful.

“Yes,” Sam answered, and then continued without any hesitation, “Tell me and you can have me. You can—whatever you want, short of killing me.” His gaze shifted to see how the incubus was taking his offer and he was relieved to see that the demon wasn’t mimicking his brother anymore.

The incubus tilted his head and curled his lips up in a sensuous smile. “Now, that’s tempting, ” he drawled. “But I’m going to have to pass.”

“What do you want, then?” Sam snapped, desperation thick in his mouth.

“Nothing.”

“There must be something—please, I—I’ll do anything, I—”

“Shhh,” the incubus soothed. “I didn’t say I’d turn you away empty handed. You can have your answer.”

Sam blinked, confused. “But—but demons never do anything—”

“—for nothing? No, you’re right.” The incubus chuckled: a sound that seemed to trail fingertips down Sam’s spine. “But I’m feeling generous tonight. Besides, I have a feeling that this will be much more fun than any of the games you and I could play on our own.” His smile widened as he parroted the words Sam had spoken to his brother weeks ago: “Not everything’s about sex.”

Sam’s heart beat wildly in his chest. He had a really bad feeling about this; anything that a demon found ‘fun’ couldn’t be good. But he needed the knowledge the thing was offering. Needed to save Dean. And if the solution was … was … well, they didn’t have to act on it. They could keep looking.

Ignoring the sinking sensation in his stomach that was telling him that this, whatever it was, was Dean’s only chance, Sam said, “So tell me already.”

“We can’t control it on our own,” the incubus answered lazily. “Our sisters were gifted with some rudimentary control at least, but the male of the species has always been more … impulsive … hasn’t he?”

“So there’s—there’s nothing.” Sam’s heart sank. No wonder the incubus hadn’t needed payment to answer him.

“Now, I didn’t say that, did I? There are some individuals—powerful psychics—who have the strength to protect themselves. They can control how much we take.”

Sam’s mind was a whirl of names and faces, all of them useless. He and Dean hadn’t come across a whole lot of psychics in their travels. Missouri was pretty much it, actually, and aside from the fact that Sam couldn’t really see her agreeing to screw his brother a couple of times a month, he didn’t think that she counted as ‘powerful’. She had, after all, missed the lingering presence of the poltergeist and Mary Winchester in their childhood home. If Sam hadn’t sensed that something was still wrong, then Jenny and her children would be dead right now.

Pulling himself out of his thoughts, he said. “There has to be something else—some other way. We don’t know any psychics powerful enough to—”

“Don’t you?” the incubus asked, raising one eyebrow and leering meaningfully.

It took Sam a moment to work through what the demon was getting at and then his breath huffed out, as though he’d been punched in the gut. Nausea rolled through his stomach at the thought of what this thing was suggesting he do to Dean, but he couldn’t hide the fact that the idea was also turning him on. Christ, he was sick.

“Finally, you can have what you’ve always wanted,” the incubus goaded. “You can strip him down and bend him over and it won’t be for you—oh, no, not for your own twisted desires—it will be for him. To save him.”

Sam wanted to tell the incubus to shut up—wanted to banish him—and was too lost in his own desire to move. The incubus’ words felt like hands on his body: like Dean’s hands. As Sam let his eyes slip shut, he could see his brother, naked and hard and flushed.

“You think he’ll welcome you with open arms?” the incubus whispered. “You think he’ll roll over and spread his legs and beg for you?”

Sam shuddered, watching the imaginary Dean in his head do just that. Feeling phantom lips and hands caressing his body.

“Go ahead, Sam. Go ahead and fuck him. He’ll let you, you know. He never could deny you anything.”

But the image in his head had changed. Dean was still naked—still hard and needy underneath him—but his face was blank. His eyes vacant.

The incubus’ laugh wrapped moist heat around Sam’s cock, but that vision of Dean hollowed out and broken had thrown a bucket of cold water over his arousal. Sam forced his eyes open again to find the incubus pressed up against the edge of the circle. When he caught Sam looking, the demon winked at him.

“You didn’t actually think he wanted you back, did you?” he mocked. “You can’t save him, you can only decide how he damns himself. You think he’d rather be a murderer? Or do you think he’ll get down on his knees like a good little whore and—”

“Shut up,” Sam choked, and then tore himself away from the incubus and hurried to retrieve the Malleus Maleficarum from the corner.

“Hey, I’m just telling it how it is.” The incubus watched unconcernedly for a moment as Sam thumbed through the book’s pages, and then commented, “I’m betting it takes you all of one week to cave. You want him so badly, don’t you, Sam? And really, Dean’s not too picky, is he? That slut will take it any way he can get it. Once you’ve broken him in, he’ll be—”

“In nomine Patris omnipotentis et Jesu Christi Filii eius et Spiritus Sancti, te exorcizo.” Sam shouted, giving up on relocating the right passage.

The standard words must have been close enough because that black doorway snapped open again and pulled the incubus back through it. Then the door faded into a thick, indigo cloud that misted down and spread out across the floorboards. Sam stared at the circle while the cloud evaporated, the demon’s taunts lodged cold and heavy in his stomach.

A sudden pounding on the door brought his head up and around. With the incubus no longer holding it shut, the door flew open, and Dean stumbled back into the room. He caught himself before he’d gone more than a few steps and raised the open flask that he was clutching in his left hand.

“Where is it?” he demanded.

Wearily, Sam shrugged. “I banished it.”

Dean dropped his flash on the floor and was in front of Sam in a moment. His hands were warm and solid on Sam’s arms as he checked for any sign of injury: were real, unlike the phantom touches Sam had felt only a few minutes before. His chest constricted and for a moment he couldn’t remember how to breathe.

“You okay?” Dean asked. “Did it hurt you? Did it—”

“I’m fine.” Looked like he could breathe after all. Wonderful.

Dean’s face twisted into a scowl and his hold on Sam’s arms tightened painfully. “You asshole!” he shouted, shaking him. “What the fuck were you thinking? If you ever do that again, I swear to God, I—”

“I won’t. I promise.”

Dean must have heard something in the dull way that Sam said those words, because he backed off and lowered his gaze. “Yeah, well,” he grumbled. “You better not.” He hesitated a moment longer, maybe trying to come up with a way to ask why Sam had felt it necessary to have him tossed out in the hall, and then crouched by the circle to put out the candles.

“Dean, there’s a—there’s a solution.”

“What—shit!” In his surprise, Dean had knocked over one of the candles, and now he scrambled after it, swearing and trying to put it out before it set the house on fire. Sam made himself move, but by the time he’d dropped down next to his brother, Dean had everything under control again. He didn’t look at Sam, all of his attention apparently focused on getting the hot wax off of his hand.

“Are you all right?” Sam asked.

Dean’s shoulders lifted in a shrug. He rubbed at the reddened skin on the back of his hand for a few moments and then said, “So, what is it? I have to bathe in virgin’s blood under a full moon or something?”

“No, nothing like that. You can’t—can’t actually control the feeding yourself.”

“I’m all breathless with anticipation here, Sammy,” Dean said dryly when Sam paused.

“A psychic—a powerful psychic—can control it for you.”

Dean’s face hardened and Sam imagined that the change in his brother’s mood dropped the temperature in the room about twenty degrees. “Well, that’s a huge fucking help,” Dean spat, moving away to get the rest of the candles.

“Dean—”

“What? Unless you’ve got Jennifer Love Hewitt stuffed in your back pocket, I’m still screwed.” He savagely brought the heel of one palm down on one of the few remaining flames.

“We’ll find someone.”

“Oh, really? And how’re we gonna do that? Take out an ad in the classifieds? ‘Part time incubus seeks willing buffet. Only psychics need apply’?” He was crouched over the last candle now, and a trick of the light made it seem like all of the shadows in the room had gathered in his eyes. “Do you realize how rare real psychics—of any power—are?”

“It may—may take a while, but we can—”

Dean snuffed the last candle, plunging the room into darkness. “I don’t have ‘a while’, Sam. I have about two weeks. So excuse me if I’m a little less than thrilled right now.” Sam more sensed than saw his brother stand and head for the door.

Climbing to his own feet, Sam stumbled into his brother and grabbed at the sleeve of Dean’s shirt. “Hey. It’s a chance, okay? And we’ll find someone. We will.”

Dean was unresponsive and Sam wished that he could see his brother’s face. Wished he could try and read what Dean was feeling in his eyes.

“Dean?” he prodded.

“Whatever,” came the cold grunt. “Can we just get out of here already? This place smells like crap.” He yanked his arm free without waiting for Sam’s reply and then Sam heard him clomping down the hallway toward the front of the house.

Left alone in the pitch-black room, Sam considered gathering up the candles and wiping the circle off the floor and then decided not to bother. He pulled a small flashlight out of his back pocket and used it to pick his way after his brother, the Malleus Maleficarum held tightly in his other hand. He was going to save Dean. He wasn’t going to hurt him. Wasn’t going to break him.

‘I’m betting it takes you all of one week to cave.’

Sam shuddered and tried to force the incubus’ voice out of his head as he kept repeating I won’t I won’t I won’t. Maybe, if he thought it enough, it would become true.