Alexandra's New Practice (MC, Fdom, FM, FF, Preg)
By
Homer Vargas
Vargas111@yahoo.com

Dr. Alexandra Prince looked up from the pages of pink and 
yellow forms, intensely frustrated. She was not 
frustrated by any inability to make sense of the complex 
lab report, for she was a good, indeed, a brilliant 
doctor. Rather, Alexandra was frustrated on a much more 
basic level, as a woman. John, the young hunk she had 
living with her, the man who had been keeping her gears 
oiled regularly for the last year or so, had been called 
out of town. Consequently, Alexandra had been making do 
with her vibrator for several days. It wasn't the same! 
She needed a real prick in her bad and she felt it.

Alexandra didn't like for John to be away. First it left 
her to spend the nights without a man between her legs. 
Alexandra was a highly sexed woman who not only liked to 
fuck, but actually needed frequent pounding by a good 
hard cock to maintain her mental equilibrium. If John 
were in town she wouldn't be feeling tied up in knots 
like this. Before she got out of bed this morning, John 
would have been busy with her, eating her through several 
nice orgasms before plunging his prick deep into her, 
filling her pussy with his thick, satisfying man-fuck. 
John would have made her come until she was braying like 
a silly schoolgirl getting her legs parted for the first 
time. If she had been serviced by her man's wonderful 
pussy pleaser this morning, she would be merely 
pleasantly horny now, not climbing the walls!

But there was a more important reason Alexandra disliked 
letting John get too far out of her sight. Away from her, 
he could be was easy prey for other women, which could 
upset the delicate Fdom relationship between them. 
Alexandra needed sex too badly to allow herself to be 
serviced by just any man. A big prick could mesmerize 
her. And her tits were so sensitive that any man could 
soon have her frothing at the lightest touch. She 
understood the danger of encountering a man who would 
recognize these weaknesses and use them to put her under 
his thumb. She had to get her sex from a man like John 
whom she completely dominated. It had not been easy 
finding John and making him a slave to her pussy. She 
didn't want another woman to discover his marvelous 
frailty and deprive her of his services.

Alexandra had learned the hard way how vulnerable she was 
to the wrong man's prick. She lost a semester and almost 
got kicked out during her third year of medical school 
because of her first episode of sexual domination. It 
happened without warning one night at an all-night party 
given by Cheryl, one of the only other women in medical 
school. Perhaps she been standing around drinking one too 
many Margaritas and her defenses were down. Seeing 
couples kissing and fondling each other had her quite 
horny too, though she didn't realize just how much. 
Alexandra couldn't keep her eyes off one tall muscular 
young man in particular. "That's Benton York, the 
fullback of the football team. Isn't he the most gorgeous 
hunk?" giggled Cheryl who noticed Alexandra ogling him. 
"I'll introduce you."

"Don't be ridiculous, Cheryl! He's only an undergraduate 
and I don't have the slightest interest in football. We'd 
have nothing to talk about," Alexandra protested.

"Who cares about talk, woman?" Cheryl hooted. "He's got a 
ten inch cock! If you can get that monster in your box, 
you won't care about talking football or anything else. 
They say he likes buxom girls. Maybe you'll get lucky and 
be the one to spend tonight with his big dork between 
your legs."

"Sounds like there's competition," Alexi snorted.

"Half the women in this room have let Benton screw them, 
and the other half gladly would."

"Does that include you?" Alexandra asked, surprised.

"I've slept with him a few times. He's fun in an 
elemental way, but a little retro for my taste."

"Do you think 'retro' is my taste?"

"Taste be damned for one night, woman. I see hunger in 
your eyes. I think you just need a good cock in you and 
Benton's is the best."

Before Alexandra could protest further, Cheryl was gone 
and soon returned with Benton in tow. Cheryl hurried 
through the introductions and shooed the couple over to 
one of the "make out" couches.

Cheryl must have told him something, because Benton was 
smirking when he plunked down beside her. "You look like 
you need some loving, lady. Don't have enough time for it 
in medical school?" he asked.

"That's pretty fresh," Alexandra replied, repelled but 
also excited by this sexy, direct approach.

"Just an honest appraisal, Ma'am," the overgrown boy 
grinned. "I saw the way you were looking at me. I can 
tell when a woman has sex on her mind."

"You've got me all wrong," Alexandra protested, but 
couldn't seem to push away the hard rippled shoulders 
that pressed against her.

"I don't think so," he whispered. "A big girl with a body 
like yours must have a tremendous capacity for sex... and 
need! Take a set of jugs like these, for instance..."

Before she knew what was happening, Benton's arm was 
around her and his other hand was into her blouse, 
fondling her bra-less tits. Alexandra's mouth fell open. 
She was used to being groped at and she had always been 
able to fight men off, but this hunk, so dim in many 
other ways, was a feel-up genius. She gasped as a bolt of 
pleasure shot through her body when he fingered her 
nipples.

"Stop that, you ... Uii!" Alexandra gasped again, as 
Benton pushed her back against the couch and tweaked a 
nipple that sent another shiver through her.

"Stop what? Playing with your titties?" he chuckled, 
continuing to toy with her. "But you like it, don't you?" 
he taunted. "You chubby girls are all alike, repressed 
but oversexed," he laughed. Even as he spoke he continued 
to work her tits in ways she had never felt before. "So 
easy to turn on." he appraised. "Big bazookas are always 
so sensitive. Yours are already hard as rocks," he 
smirked, grasping her breasts roughly now. "You really 
like being pawed don't you, Alexandra? Admit that you 
want me to suck you nipples."

"Oh, Benton!" was all Alexandra could blurt out. Smiling 
at her weakness, Benton took the nipple of her right 
breast between his teeth and began to flick it with his 
tongue. Within seconds Alexandra felt like one giant tit 
and Benton was feeling every inch of her body. As he 
sucked on one tit and massaged the other, her brain 
seemed to melt and trickle down to her pussy.

Literally! Suddenly she felt the sex juices start oozing 
out of her cunt. She knew from her anatomy classes what 
this meant; she was highly aroused. It had never happened 
to her before with a man and she surely hadn't intended 
for it to happen here, in a dark corner being fondled by 
a boy she didn't know. But when Benton's hand left her 
left tit and made its way to the waistband of her skirt, 
she could no more stop him than she could fly. There was 
worse to come! Next she felt his hand slither down into 
her panties. She hoped he couldn't tell how wet she was. 
If she had had her wits about her, she wouldn't let him 
touch her there. But Alexandra's wits had evaporated 
several minutes ago when Benton first got his hands on 
her boobs.

"Uh... what a delightfully hot piece of ass you are, 
girl!" Benton gloated.

Busted!

"You're sopping wet down here, honey. I've never known a 
girl I could make wet her pants this much just by playing 
with her boobies. I think I can have some fun with you!" 
Alexandra knew this was crazy, but all she could do was 
squirm. "You are so turned on, you naughty girl, you are 
going to let me frigg your pussy!" he hissed and inserted 
one and then another finger into her cunt "Feels good, 
doesn't it?" Benton asked, knowing from Alexandra's moans 
of ecstasy what his fingers were doing to the woman.

"My God! You're about to have an orgasm, aren't you, 
Alexandra?" he said as he quickened the rhythm of his 
fingers against her clit. "I feel a good come building 
up. I love it! Such a randy girl! You can't control 
yourself, can you? It's all right; let it go, girl. You 
need to come. Don't fight it, Alexandra, baby, you can 
come on Benton's fingers.... NOW!"

The inexperienced young woman was transported as the 
fiery flood of one orgasm and then another overwhelmed 
her. Several partygoers snickered knowingly as they saw a 
young woman laid back on the sofa heaving in the throws 
of ecstasy with Benton's hand up her dress. Cheryl 
watched Benton bunch Alexandra's skirt around her waist 
and pull aside her panties, happy that her slightly naive 
friend was being properly seduced. She wondered it she 
had put too much Aethenol in that last drink. Nah! 
Alexandra needed to get laid and tonight she was going to 
get it good!

"My, my what a messy girl you are, Alexandra!" Benton 
whispered, slyly, still toying idly with her clit. "Your 
cunt juices are leaking out. Every time I get you off, 
you get more cum all over the sofa. Should I stop playing 
with you?"

"Oh, no, no, please, no!" she whimpered.

"Of course you don't want me to stop, you sexy little 
heifer," Benton laughed. "You've never come like that 
before, have you? I'll bet you just want to keep coming!" 
Alexandra was still panting from the last climax, hardly 
conscious. "Well, in that case I'd better stuff something 
in your cunt to stop it up. It'll have to be something 
big to fill up a hungry cunt like yours." he chuckled. 
"Open you eyes, Alexandra, and tell me if this is what 
you'd like inside you," he whispered, half kneeling as he 
fished out his prize prick to show her.

Alexandra's eyelids fluttered open and her mouth dropped! 
It was the biggest cock she had ever seen! Her already 
battered IQ sank to reptilian levels. Her will power 
plummeted to zero. It was beautiful. Alexandra couldn't 
think of anything but getting that cock in her pussy and 
Benton could see it. "Yes, Benton, yes," the mesmerized 
woman whispered. "I want it, I want it in me!"

"Good."  That's just what you're going to get. Let's go 
back to my apartment, honey and I'll fuck your little 
brains out." Alexandra was afraid it was literally true. 
But by now she was too far gone to care. With a prick 
like that in her, she wouldn't need a brain she thought 
as Benton pulled her to her feet. She was in a lusty daze 
as Benton propelled her out the door.

A buddy drove Benton's car so the husky athlete could 
keep Alexandra's sex drive fully engaged. He had his 
hands back between her legs as soon as the car door 
closed. "God, you love this, don't you, bitch" Benton 
remarked as he brought her off again. The clod probably 
didn't even know the word "clitoris," Alexandra thought 
dimly, but he had sure found hers and he knew what 
frigging it did to a woman. Between sucking her tits and 
fingering her pussy, Benton kept Alexandra in full 
boiling rut, moaning with passion and coming at regular 
intervals.

Alexandra felt the erotic fog start to lift a little as 
they climbed the stairs and Benton fumbled to get the 
apartment door open. Alexandra's terror returned when she 
glimpsed what was happening to her. If she didn't get 
away from him, this vulgar simpleton, this intellectual 
pygmy would soon have her in bed on her back with her 
legs spread braying in ecstasy as he filled her pussy 
with his barbaric cock. And then what?

"Er .... Good night, Benton. I don't think I should come 
in with you," she stammered. "I'm going to be leaving."

"Oh, no, Alexandra, you're not going to be leaving yet," 
Benton replied coolly, almost cruelly. "You haven't 
gotten what you came here for..."

"It's been nice to meet you, Benton, but I've really got 
to go," she said backing away.

"You don't want to go, Alexandra. You want to COME!" he 
bragged. "Have you forgotten about this?"

Alexandra froze as Benton fished out his big, half-erect 
penis and waved it at her in triumph. A wave of revulsion 
passed over her, but she couldn't take her eyes off of 
his engorged cock. Benton just smiled, watching his cock 
work its spell on the horny young woman. She fought the 
urge, but the outcome was foreordained. Alexandra tried 
to tear her eyes away that beautiful organ, but she was 
not strong enough. As Benton waved his cock back and 
forth, Alexandra felt she was being hypnotized. Her pussy 
started flowing again even before the images of 
submitting to penetration by that wondrous weapon welled 
up in her mind. Unconsciously she shifted her legs 
farther apart as she though about Benton's cock sliding 
into her pussy, in and in and IN!

"Come here to me, Alexandra," Benton ordered. "You're a 
big horny girl and you want this cock in you. You have to 
have it, Alexandra," he continued, slowly handling the 
organ as he backed into the apartment. He just smiled as 
Alex followed him as if in a trance. She didn't even hear 
the door close behind her. "You are too hot, Alexandra. 
You need a big dork in you to satisfy you tonight. You 
want to get laid, woman, more than you have ever wanted 
anything."

Alexandra stood looking at him. She wanted to scream, 
"No!" She wanted to wake up and shake free from this 
erotic nightmare. But it was real and true. There was his 
cock and she did want it in her, desperately.

"You can finish taking off your blouse," he remarked 
coolly. "You don't want it to get torn when I go to work 
again on your poonts, do you?" Humiliated, Alexandra 
complied.

"Now you are going to strip for me, Alexandra. Show me 
where you want me to put my cock," he ordered.

Alexandra was in a trance. Slowly, she unhooked her skirt 
and let it fall.

"That's a good girl," he smirked. Now turn around. Hmm. 
"Nice bottom! You've got an ass that was made for 
screwing. You'll go crazy when I put it to you. Now drop 
your panties, baby. You're getting them ver wet and you 
won't need them where you're going."

She fought but couldn't refuse his demand and in a moment 
her panties were around her ankles.

"Now bring that pretty pussy to me and I'll put THIS in 
you," Benton ordered, indicating the bed at his side 
Alexandra could not remove her eyes from his engorged 
cock. "You won't regret it!" he smirked.

She didn't regret it, at least that night. How could she? 
Regret requires thought and when Benton touched her again 
all brain functions but one stopped. His words had 
inflamed her almost as much as his hand that again went 
straight into her pussy. "I knew you'd be dripping again, 
Alexandra. This pussy is hungry and I'm going to feed her 
some of my warm thick jizz."

Alexandra barely remembered how Benton led her to the bed 
while repeating how horny she was. Then he made her lie 
down. "Spread you legs wide for me, baby and let's see if 
you are ready for a good screwing." His fingers invaded 
her cunt and she felt herself coming again.

"Oh, you're ready! Now, tell me what you want, 
Alexandra," he said as he gazed down at the writhing, 
rutting woman. "Do you want me just to play with your 
pussy, to make you come with my finger, like this?"

"No, no! Please, no," she whimpered, after several more 
orgasms passed.

"No? Getting diddled isn't enough for you, Alexandra? 
O.K. Tell me what else you want."

"I want you to fuck, me, Benton. I want your cock. I've 
got to have it," she pleaded.

"Yes, you do need it, Alexandra, a big cock. Where do you 
need it?" he went on as he brought her to another orgasm 
again with his fingers.

"In me," she gasped.

"You want my cock in you? Good, that's where I'm going to 
put it. Where in you, Alexandra?"

"In ... my ... cunt!" she whispered. "Please, fuck it in 
my cunt!"

"Well, this is your lucky night, Alexandra, because I've 
been planning to ram my cock into that big well juiced 
cunt of yours ever since I saw you mooning at me like a 
heifer in heat." he gloated and positioned the tip of his 
cock at her gushing slit. "Spread your legs, baby, and 
you'll get all the cock you want, right where you want 
it!"

Alexandra screamed with pleasure and some pain as Benton 
slowly inserted his large penis. She had been fucked by 
other boys a few times, but she had never felt a prick 
like this one. It stretched her and filled her. Alexandra 
became incoherent, babbling pleas and obscenities. "Put 
it to me, Benton! Yes, Oh, shit. Fuck me good. I love 
your prick in me. Stick it in me deep."

Alexandra had come so many times now she was almost 
delirious when Benton finally exploded in her. It 
triggered a final, Richter-8 orgasm and she went out like 
a light.

That one night, impaled repeatedly on Benton's prick, was 
enough. Alexandra was hopelessly hooked on sex. She would 
do anything for Benton's prick. Fortunately, Benton 
didn't make her go off the pill; if he had wanted it, she 
would have been knocked up higher than a kite. For months 
she stopped going to classes and just hung around with 
Benton and the football team, doing anything to keep him 
screwing her.

To her surprise, but not to Benton's, Alexandra 
discovered that once unleashed, her need for sex was 
grater than even Benton could satisfy. And the bastard 
found ways to turn this to his advantage. At his parties, 
Benton would get her a little drunk and leave her alone 
with his friends, knowing her need would drive her to 
going down for several if not all of them. He even put 
her up to seducing one of his professors and stealing 
exam questions.

In between bouts of frenzied sex, Alexandra realized 
perfectly well what Benton was doing to her and hated him 
for it. But hating didn't make it any difference to his 
control over her. She could become furious with him, but 
he'd just smile and say, "I know what's wrong with you, 
woman." She could scream with frustration but when he 
looked at her with that arrogant leer she could feel her 
pussy get wet. She knew that whatever she thought or said 
now, in a few minutes she'd be on her back bleating with 
lust as Benton's cock made her come over and over.

Who know what would have happened to her if she hadn't 
confessed her problem to Cheryl. "Sorry baby, this is my 
fault. I didn't know what one fuck could lead to. Well, 
if the problem is his cock, we'll just have to tame it" 
Cheryl smirked. "Slip one of these pills in his food and 
watch his noodle wilt." Alexandra was as frustrated as 
Benton the next night when he couldn't get hard and she 
had to suck him to orgasm. He continued to eat her and 
make her come like crazy, but without Benton's prick in 
her day and night, after a few days Alexandra was able to 
summon enough will power to leave him for good.

Alexandra realized that never again could she let a man 
dominate her sexually like that. But after Benton she 
also knew she couldn't live without constant sex. The 
only conclusion was that if she were not to be dominated, 
she had to dominate. Which brought her back to the 
frustration with John's absence.

"Alexandra, there's a patient to see you, but you should 
take a look at him first."

Vicki, her new receptionist was grinning wickedly. 
Alexandra had confided to Vicki what she was going 
through and Vicki tried to help. Alexandra didn't know 
what she would have done without her new friend, 
especially yesterday, bless her heart.

About 4:00 Vicki had appeared at her office door with a 
couple of tall screwdrivers. "Your day is over, Dr. 
Prince. It's time to relax."

"Don't be ridiculous, Vicki. I have appointments 
scheduled until 8:30 PM."

"Not now, you don't," Vicki grinned. "I canceled them."

"You did what!?"

"Drink up and I'll explain it to you."

The cold liquid tasted good as she downed it. "That 
packed a wallop," Alexandra smiled after a minute or so.

"It was supposed to, honey, you needed it. You are so 
tight you're about to snap like a cheap over-wound clock. 
I can feel the tension." Vicki began to massage 
Alexandra's neck. "Poor baby," she cooed. "With John gone 
you haven't had anyone to do this, have you?" Alexandra's 
sighs passed for agreement. Effortlessly Vicki slipped a 
hand inside Alexandra's low cut smock. "Or this!"

"Oh, that feels heavenly, honey, but please stop. I'm 
feeling so woozy."

"You should be. I put a slug of Aethenol in your drink" 
Vicki giggled.

"But that's a tranquilizer that ..."

"... 'Makes a person very susceptible to suggestion.'" 
Vicki continued quoting Alexandra back to herself. "I 
should know. I've seen you use it on guys you seduce. I'm 
just giving you some of your own medicine, doctor," Vicki 
chuckled as she kept on working the young doctor's 
hardening breasts. "You need it. You're so horny, 
Alexandra. You're going to have to let me give you some 
relief."

"Oh, yes, this is beautiful," Alexandra sighed. "But I 
don't go down for girls, Vicki ..."

"You do when you're high on Aethenol, honey. That's the 
reason you are letting me feel up your tits. You like 
what I'm doing, don't you Alexandra?" Vicki was becoming 
more imperious.

"Oh, yes, darling ..."

"Good. Now just relax and let me help you off with your 
clothes. Then I'm going to make you feel really good!'

Vicki's firm hands took control and soon Alexandra found 
herself naked and stretched out on the same small bed 
where she taken advantage of so many men, flat on their 
backs, doped up, and fucked senseless. Now the tables 
were turned. Vicki had Alexandra flat of *her* back, 
*her* brain deliciously addled by the tranquilizer. 
Alexandra's legs were spread defenselessly and a warm 
skilled hand was busy in her pussy while another worked 
her hardening breast. Alexandra was floating in a erotic 
sea.

"Oh, Alexandra, honey, you are still tied up in knots. 
But I know just what you need to unwind ... the big O!" 
Vicki's voice came almost as a shock, "You need to get 
off. I'm going to make you cum!" Before she could 
protest, Alexandra felt Vicki's lips leave her own and 
pause briefly on her tits. A wet trail snaked lower; her 
abdomen spasmed as Vicki's tongue darted briefly into her 
navel. Then she felt it! Vicki gently pulled apart her 
thighs and pressed her mouth to Alexandra's dripping sex 
lips.

"I'm going to eat you, Alexandra. I'm going to eat your 
pretty, sopping pussy!" Alexandra was hardly aware when 
her receptionist had stripped, but soon she found Vicki 
straddling her face. The young woman busied herself again 
in Alexandra's snatch, her clever fingers and skilled 
tongue on her clit, driving the older woman wild. The 
first orgasm started to build. She couldn't fight the 
sensation. She bucked and cried out shamelessly as she 
came.

Vicki hardly altered the rhythm of her attack on 
Alexandra's overflowing cunt. The orgasm left her shaken, 
but eager for more. As she felt Vicki's tongue and 
fingers start her up the roller coaster again, a large 
warm drop of liquid fell onto her lips. The excited 
younger woman's pussy was leaking onto Alexandra's face.

She and Cheryl had played with each other in school, but 
Alexandra had never been in a full 69 before. Still, 
Alexandra knew instinctively what she had to do. Grasping 
Vicki's slim hips, she pulled her young, almost hairless 
cunt down to her lips and began to suck, delirious with 
the rank sexy odors of the girl's arousal. When 
Alexandra's tongue touched Vicki's clit, her reward was 
instantaneous. Vicki came and filled Alexandra's mouth 
with her hot salty spend. Alexandra's own body was 
contorted by yet another orgasm as she swallowed.

*****

Alexandra must have passed out from the pleasure and the 
rest of the evening was a fog. Making love with Vicki for 
the first time yesterday had been wonderful. Vicki, who 
turned out to be an experienced switch hitter, had fucked 
Alexandra senseless several times in the office before 
taking her home for the night. The dope had worn off, but 
Alexandra wanted more of the young woman's attention and 
got it. They had sucked and fingered each other to more 
orgasms than she could count. At last Vicki had put a 
vibrating dildo in her that sent her into periodic 
orgasms until she had passed out for the night.

But that was then and this was now. Vicki could make her 
come and she wouldn't mind a replay of last night, but 
there is nothing like having a man in you, which made 
Vicki's invitation intriguing.

"What's there to look at?" Alexandra giggled.

"Everything!" Vicki growled throatily. Alexandra and 
Vicki peered through the one way glass at a young man in 
shorts and a tank top.

"He does look scrummy. Do you think he may be an 
athlete?" Alexandra asked,

"I don't know, but that looks like the outline of an 
Olympic Gold Medal prick in his shorts. That's what you 
need tonight, baby, a big hard cock! Take him home, 
Alexandra and make him fuck your eyes out," her young 
friend advised.

"God, I love sports medicine," Alexandra giggled, "O.K. 
You go out and shoot him the bird, you little minx, while 
I change into something to make him more uncomfortable. 
Then bring him in to see 'Dr. Hots.'"

-o --

"Just made yourself comfortable, Hank," Alexandra smiled, 
making sure that from where he sat he could see far 
enough up her smock to be anything *but* comfortable. "I 
understand you may be feeling a little nervous. Some men 
fear that a woman doctor could use her knowledge about 
men's bodies to take advantage. But I'm sure a big strong 
guy like you isn't worried about that."

"No ma'am," he responded innocently.

"Good. Now let me ask you a some questions about those 
muscle spasms," she said and gazed deeply into his eyes. 
"You will have no secrets from me. You must tell your 
doctor everything."

"Yes, ma'am," he replied uneasily. Alexandra smiled. This 
was going to be a piece of cake.

"Tell me, how often do you have sexual intercourse?"

"What?"

"You know what I mean," she grinned. "How often do you 
fuck?"

"What does that have to do with my leg cramps?"

"When a woman has a headache, she doesn't fuck. When a 
man doesn't fuck, he gets an ache somewhere," Alexandra 
replied and shifted to open her legs a bit more. "So, are 
you getting laid every night?"

"Well," he gulped, "Almost."

"'Almost?' You mean there are some nights that you sleep 
alone, without a woman to satisfy you?" Alexandra laid on 
a thick tone of disbelief. "You look to me like a man who 
needs lots of sex. Don't you have a regular woman, one 
who knows just what turns you on, who anticipates your 
need for sex? Do you mean you don't have a regular 
girlfriend who takes the initiative, who screws you even 
before you knew you needed it?"

"No ma'am."

"That must make it HARD very hard." She was sure he was 
looking now. "How do you manage?"

"I pick up girls here and there," he replied, obviously 
embarrassed. "There are several girls I call. It usually 
works out," he grinned stupidly.

"I see. Well, then, I think I know your problem. You are 
not getting the right kind of sex. You need a woman who 
totally overwhelms you, who can make you fuck any time 
she wants. A series of one-night stands can't satisfy 
your appetites. You didn't have a woman this morning 
before you came here, did you?"

"Uh ... No ma'am," he replied nervously.

"I knew it. That would explain your reactions now."

"My reactions?"

"Your reactions to me," she smiled slyly. "Don't think I 
haven't noticed you staring at my tits while we talked, 
Hank. And I believe you have been peeking up my smock as 
well. I think you one very horny young man," Alexandra 
grinned. "Please come over here, Hank. I am going to 
examine you to confirm my diagnosis," she said, motioning 
him to a low couch.

"Do you want me to disrobe?"

"That won't be necessary," she laughed. "Believe me, I 
know how to get a horny young man out of his pants." 
Alexandra giggled and began to open his shirt and loosen 
his belt.

"Now, I'll just unzip you," Alexandra continued in a 
voice that allowed no dissent. "Oh, you have respectable 
swelling there where a woman likes to see one. You are 
really nice and big here, Hank," she observed, fondling 
his cook through his shorts. "This must account for your 
success with the girls. They see the size of that bulge 
and start staining their panties. I know I am. Let me 
pull down your shorts to get a better look at your 
penis."

"Don't doctors use an examination table for this" he 
asked.

"No, this is a special examination and I want you to be 
nice and comfortable. Now please relax," she said, 
pushing him back onto the couch and beginning again to 
stroke his prick. "Yes, you have a long thick cock. When 
this monster goes into a woman it must satisfy her 
profoundly. She must start coming as soon as she is 
penetrated by this tool."

Hank's eyes were closed and he could hardly speak, but he 
nodded his head in agreement. "That's your problem. A 
woman when filled with a prick like yours, just goes off 
her nut too quickly. You bring her to a series of 
orgasms, unload your balls into her, and it's 'good night 
sweetheart.' If you want to fuck her again that night, 
you have to pull her limp legs open and climb on. She 
can't do anything for you because she's still knocked 
out. Am I correct?"

"Uh huh," he replied dreamily, enjoying the hand of this 
big sexy woman massaging his cock.

"That's the reason you are not getting total 
satisfaction. You're missing the long slow build up to 
orgasm with a woman setting the pace, making you 
gradually want it more and more. I'll bet you are so used 
to dominating women you have never had a woman fuck you 
from on top. You don't know how nice it is to be in the 
sexual power of a woman."

"No..."

"You would like that, Hank. You would like to have a 
woman seduce you, make you fuck her."

"No, doctor."

"I know better. That explains your muscle spasms. You 
need to be sated with sex by a woman who can control you 
completely. The pain is just a symptom of your 
unsatisfied craving for domination. I prescribe therapy 
beginning immediately."

"No, no..." he tried to protest, but Alexandra just 
continued to stroke his prick deliciously.

"Don't argue with your doctor, Hank." she ordered. "I 
know what's good for you and I am going to give you the 
treatment you need. You need sex badly and you're about 
to get a big dose. I'll have to administer the medicine 
that will give you immediate relief."

"No, no. I'm leaving." He tried to get up.

"Hank, you are not cooperating as you should. Vicki, will 
you prepare Hank for treatment as we discussed?

"Gladly," Vicki replied walking in, completely naked. 
Hank was pleasantly distracted by the slender woman's big 
bouncing boobs. He didn't see the syringe until much too 
late.

"Get away from me with that thing. You can't... Ouch" he 
exclaimed as Vicki drove the needle deep into his 
muscular ass.

"I'll report you to the police. I'll go the AMA! I'll go 
...." Vicki stopped his mouth with a kiss and pushed him 
back down onto the table."

"You're not going anywhere, you big lunk, except going 
down for a sexy doctor," Vicki laughed. "I have just 
pumped you full of a light tranquilizer. The drug is 
going to make you feel very happy, but very susceptible 
to suggestion. And I suggest you just relax and let me 
work on your prick for a little while," 

Vicki continued, taking over the massaging of the dazed 
man's dick as Alexandra slipped out of her smock. "The 
doctor is getting ready to take you to bed and we want 
you to be ready, too. She likes a man's dick be big and 
hard when it goes into her so it will go really deep and 
satisfy her. The doctor likes sex and she's going to 
appreciate this hard-on."

The helpless man was so far gone he hardly knew when 
Alexandra and Vicki finished undressing him. He just 
realized he was stripped and one svelte and one 
voluptuous woman was crawling all over him. Vicki was 
handling his prick exquisitely and gave the orders he 
couldn't refuse. "Now I wan t you to get the doctor ready 
to make love, Hank. She is willing to fuck you already, 
but you are going to set her on fire so she can enjoy it 
as much as you do.. Kiss her here," Vicki whispered, 
offering him one of Alexandra's large round breasts. "I 
want you to suck her tits really good, Hank. Take her 
nipples in your mouth. Umm ... that's the way," Vicki 
said approvingly as he followed her instruction. "You 
know what to do to turn a woman on. Make her crazy for 
you prick. The doctor just goes off her nut when a man 
does a proper job on her tits. It is important to get 
your sex therapist properly aroused, Hank, so she can 
give you the treatment you deserve," she giggled.

As Hank nursed feverishly on Alexandra's tits, Vicki 
thrust her other hand into Alexandra's box. "Yes, Hank, 
you're doing an excellent job on her. I can feel it ... 
Sucking her titties is getting her good and wet. The 
doctor's cunt is going to be nice and juicy so she can 
slide down over your pole easily ... Good boy! .... See 
how she's squirming. She really wants you in her now. 
She's going to come so hard for you, Hank. She'll devour 
this prick, you lucky dog!"

"And nursing her big hard tits is getting you ready, too, 
isn't it, sweetie. Her tits make you happy and relaxed, 
dreamy and docile. You love sucking her tits, don't you? 
Nursing Alexandra's titties makes you weak and helpless 
as a baby. You'll do anything for a woman with boobies 
like these."

"Cut the preparation, Vicki" Alexandra interjected with a 
note of urgency as she clambered astride the recumbent 
man. "Let me get up on him ...Like this! ... And put his 
prick up in me. Oh, YES! He's sliding in deep, just where 
I want him. Oh, shit that monster feels good." Alexandra 
growled.

"Careful, Alexandra. He's a dangerously attractive man 
even if he is doped. Put him under, first. Then you can 
get off."

"Thanks. You're right." With effort Alexandra 
concentrated and looked down at the helpless man beneath 
her. "Close your eyes, honey" Come with me on a short 
sleepy ride. I'll rock back and forth on your prick, 
making you feel so good, so relaxed, so sleepy. You can't 
stay awake, Hank. I'm going to rock you to sleep.... Fuck 
you to sleep...." An orgasm overcame him and he passed 
out.

---0 ---

Alexandra walked from her private bath back into her 
bedroom feeling good, better than she had since John had 
left. She looked down with satisfaction at the sleeping 
form of the handsome young man. What was his name? -Oh, 
yes, Hank. What a romp they had last night! He had almost 
as much stamina as John and a bigger prick! She admired 
his hard body. She though he had told her he was a 
trainer at a health club, although she had not wasted 
much time conversing with him. She was more interested in 
making up for a week without a man. She wasn't sure just 
how many times she had fucked him, but it wasn't one too 
many!

The click of her heels on the hard wooden floor woke him. 
Groggily he opened his eyes, trying to comprehend how he 
got to this strange bedroom. "Doctor ... Doctor Prince?" 
he asked, confused.

Alexandra walked over still wearing just earrings and a 
robe over bra and panties. "Good morning, my sweet," she 
whispered, leaning down to kiss him. "I was afraid you 
weren't going to wake up before I went to the office. I 
guess I took the starch out of you last night," she 
grinned. "You'll find the breakfast I fixed you 
downstairs. I've got DSTV and I've set you up an Adult 
Check account for you on my computer. Make yourself at 
home. And ... after last night, I think you can call me 
Alexandra."

"But where ... how did I ...?" he stumbled as he sat up 
in the bed.

"Do you mean how did I get you here after fucking you in 
the office?"

"Well, yes, I guess so." He was so confused by the 
scantily dressed woman standing before him, he scarcely 
realized he was stark naked himself.

"I see you have never been bedded by two women like Vicki 
and me before. Well, when we finished taking turns, you 
were in a very agreeable mood. So when I asked you if you 
would like to come home with me for the night, you were 
in no condition to say no. I gave you something to eat to 
keep up your strength and put you to bed again. We spent 
a lovely night in the sack, thank you very much, and I'm 
looking forward to similar session, tonight, but now I've 
got to run, honey. I'll see you around 7:00."

"You expect me to stay here waiting for you all day?"

"Of course I do. Just call the club and tell them the 
doctor ordered you to stay in bed today," she grinned.

"Why would I do that?"

"Because you will be looking forward to what I am going 
to do to you when I get home," Alexandra grinned. "Don't 
worry, I'm only going to keep you here for a few days 
until my regular boyfriend gets back," she said with some 
regret.

"Great sex is one thing, lady, but holding me prisoner in 
your apartment is another."

"In your case, Hank, they are exactly the same thing," 
Alexandra laughed. "It's the great sex that will keep you 
here."

"No way! I'm out of here."

Alexandra looked at him quizzically. "I believe you just 
might try!" she said, surprised. Then her voice became 
silky. "You do seem the excitable type, Hank. I don't 
want you to do anything rash. I'm afraid I'll have to 
give you something to prevent you from leaving, just a 
light soporific that will keep you too drowsy most of the 
day to go anywhere."

"You won't get anywhere near me with a syringe this 
time."

"I know I won't ... unless you are already out. That's 
why I'm going to put you down for a little morning nap 
first."

"I'm not taking a nap; I'm leaving!"

"I don't think so, Hank. Let me coax you back into bed. 
Don't remember last night? Perhaps I'd better remind you 
just how much you enjoyed being taken to bed and how easy 
it is to do. You like me in bra and panties, don't' you?" 
She cast off the flimsy robe took another step toward 
him. "Let's make love."

"Stay away from me!"

"You don't want me to fuck you?" she asked, mockingly. 
"Then you'd better not stare. Looking at big boobs can 
get you very horny, my young friend! That's a beautiful 
erection you've got. I've just the place for that 
arrogant cock of yours." she taunted and fingered her 
pussy. "Are you still sure you wouldn't like to go back 
to bed with me, Hank?"

"Dr. Prince, No!" he pleaded, his self assurance eroding 
by the flood of passion washing over him.

"I told you to call me Alexandra. I'm about to make love 
to you again; at least you can call me by my first name." 
She dropped her bra. "Come to my arms, Hank," she ordered 
as she sat naked by him on the bed.

He couldn't control himself, the attraction was too 
strong. She took his hand and placed it on her breast as 
she took him in her arms and kissed him with passion 
until she felt him relax. Then she cradled his head to 
her bosom. "Take this to help you get ready for your nap, 
Hank," and she placed a large, firm breast to his lips. 
"Just suck my tits for a while, darling." 

Now she had him lying down and she cradled his head to 
her bosom. "You enjoy nuzzling my boobies, Hank, but it's 
making you sleepy, sleepy like a baby nursing from big 
hard boobs. ... Yes, that's the way. ... You are getting 
sleepy and but so deliciously horny. I can feel how hard 
you are, dear. You'll never get to sleep that way! You 
need to be fucked. Let me do something about that."

"Turn over, darling and relax. I've got a place where 
this big hard prick can relax, too," she whispered as she 
pushed him onto his back and crawled astraddle of him. 
"Let me slide it into my pussy and make it feel so good." 
He gasped as she guided his erect penis up into her warm 
juicy cunt.

"Now you're ready to be fucked, Hank. Close you eyes and 
let me pleasure you," she continued as she slowly rode 
her quim up and down over his prick. "It's wonderful to 
be fucked, isn't it Hank, not doing anything, getting the 
sex you need without effort. It's so restful, you are 
drifting off." She was riding him faster, now, bringing 
him closer and closer to orgasm. "You can't stay awake 
any longer, Hank. I'm fucking you to sleep... fucking 
you.. to sleep... fucking you..." She felt him explode in 
her, coming and coming. As the last drops oozed into her 
warm pussy, a soft cloud descended over him and he knew 
nothing more.

*****

Hank didn't fully wake up until 4:00 or 5:00. Maybe it 
was the lingering effects of the drug she had given him, 
but he felt happy in a very peaceful way. As Alexandra 
had predicted, he didn't want to leave. In an hour or so, 
he still didn't want to leave, but for a different 
reason; he was roaringly horny and eager for Alexandra to 
get home. How he wanted to fuck that woman! At last he 
heard her key in the lock. He opened the door and 
practically yanked her inside.

"Oh Alexandra!" he said and kissed her passionately. "I'm 
so glad you're home at last."

"What a nice welcome for a tired working girl!" she 
giggled and snuggled against him, feeling even sexier 
than she had expected. "Got anything else for me besides 
a warm welcome?" she said groping between his legs. "I 
was hoping you'd have something long and hard for me 
after a long hard day?" she returned his kisses eagerly.

"My, my, you're enthusiastic tonight!" he remarked with a 
grin. "Why so keen? Didn't you seduce any patients 
today?"

"Hank, how sweet!" she said and kissed him again, "I 
think you're jealous. What kind of perverted practitioner 
do you think I am, anyway? I don't seduce every man that 
come in my office, only hunky ones ... like you," she 
added as her hand slipped inside the robe she had left 
him to wear.

"You mean one with a big cock."

"Yes, a big cock belonging to a man who will put it where 
and when I tell him to please me. Do you think you are up 
for that?"

"Just tell me what you want."

"Oh, you're a big boy; you figure it out," she teased. 
"What do women usually want?"

"A romantic evening," he replied, surprising her. "Come 
see what I have planned. This way, Madam." Taking a very 
surprise Alexandra by the hand, he led her to her study 
where two cold tall drinks were waiting.

"I think you have some mischief on your mind," said 
Alexandra laughing."

"Probably the same that's on yours or will be. Drink up 
and you'll find out." he said, handing her a glass.

"Why the liquor, darling? Are you trying to get me 
drunk?" asked Alexandra laughing as the cold but burning 
liquid flowed down her esophagus.

"Maybe. Most women enjoy getting laid more when they're a 
little high. It removes the guilt. They can tell 
themselves they just 'lost control.'"

"True, but I'm not like 'most women.' I don't 'get laid' 
and I don't loose control. I fuck only when I decide to."

"Maybe a little liquor in you will change that," said 
Hank as he pulled Alexandra into a tight embrace and 
began working her tits.

"Hank, stop that, do you think that you can ... Uuuh!" 
Alexandra moaned as a jolt of pleasure hit her.

"Can what? Can get you in the sack by playing with your 
titties? That's exactly what I think. You came home in 
the mood for sex, didn't you? The liquor hit you hard, 
ruining your perfect self control. And I can feel you 
boobies getting hard. You really do like to have them 
felt up, don't you Alexandra?"

"No! ... Yes!." the confused woman gasped.

"You're loosing it, Baby! You want sex bad don't you? 
Well, you're going to get it, but on my terms this time. 
I'm going to take you to bed and fuck *your* brains out 
like you did me last night."

"Stop it you bastard! .... Ooh" the aroused woman moaned.

"Stop what? Stop feeling of your titties? All right, 
would you rather I felt of this?" he replied and thrust 
his hand into her panties. Alexandra screamed with 
delight.

"Just as I thought, you randy slut! I haven't even 
touched you down here and you've already wet your 
panties. Oh, you big women are all so messy! Let me..." 

"Ouch!" Hank cried out and turned to see Vicki looking at 
him smugly withdrawing a hypodermic from his arm.

"When you wake up, darling, you and I are going to have a 
little talk about how to behave with a lady ...." were 
the last words Hank heard before he slumped unconscious."

"Oh, Vicki," the panting doctor gasped. "I'm so glad to 
see you. Another few minutes ..."

"You'd have been on your back with your legs wrapped 
around his torso bellowing grateful obscenities as he 
filled your cunt with his sperm, you horny girl." Vicki 
laughed.

"Yes, I guess I would have been," Alexandra smiled, 
accepting the embrace of the younger woman. "I was 
completely out of control. It all happened so fast ..."

"You were too horny. Hank must have sensed it and took 
advantage. I shouldn't have let you come home wanting sex 
that bad. He had figured out your resistance dissolves 
when somebody gets at these big boobies." Vicki said, 
starting to fondle one of Alexandra's naked tits. 

"You're right," Alexandra sighed, giving in to the 
pleasure of Vicki's fingers.

"I'm glad I was here to help. I think you need more help 
than you realize. These titties your weakness, Alexandra, 
because they are so sensitive. You get aroused so 
easily." Alexandra tried weakly to protest but Vicki 
stopped her with a kiss and more vigorous fondling of 
Alexandra's rapidly re-hardening breasts.

"Don't fight me, honey. You're so turned on. Hank did 
half a job on you, poor baby. Let me finish you. You need 
release. ... Oh, my! He was so right about your panties 
being wet," she continued as she slipped a hand into 
Alexandra's weeping pussy. "Let me take them off. You 
were so close, but he didn't get you off, did he?"

"No, no" Alexandra whimpered.

"But you need it! That man just got you hot. You need to 
orgasm, Alexandra. Just relax and let me make you come."

"Oh, Vicki ..." Alexandra moaned in protest or gratitude 
or both as she surrendered to the young woman's skillful 
hand that was slowly stroking her now rigid clit. Her 
cries grew louder as Vicki expertly fingered her. Then 
she came! A mind-blowing orgasm that left her breathless 
and spent.

"Let me put you to bed, honey," Vicki was speaking to her 
in a strange sing-song voice. "That orgasm took a lot out 
of you. You are exhausted, Alexandra. You need to sleep. 
Close your eyes for me, baby."

Something seemed wrong to Alexandra. It felt like Vicki 
pouring thoughts into her brain. Too late through the 
erotic fog she realized what was happening. Vicki was 
hypnotizing her. She tried to resist, but she could not. 
The orgasm left her weak; the pleasure had drained her 
strength. Vicki's words were smothering her.

"No, Vicki, stop" she pleaded, but Vicki continued.

"You've had a good come and you are going to sleep now, 
Alexandra. In a few hours you will wake up feeling fresh 
and rested, but you're going to be horny again," she 
heard just before she slid into the trance. "You're going 
to need a man bad, Alexandra, but obey me and I'll see 
that you get all the cock you need. You'll do that for 
me, won't you Alexi. You'll obey me because you want to 
... come!"

A final spasm shock Alexandra and the doctor closed her 
eyes and drifted away. 

Smiling down at the entranced woman, Vicki turned and 
punched in the numbers on her cell phone. "John, darling, 
she's under. 

[pause]..

"Yes, the stud you found performed exactly according to 
the suggestions I planted yesterday.

[pause]

"No problem. He found the Aethenol I placed in his 
clothes and dosed her good. She was flying!"

[pause]

"About another half hour to finish her up.

[pause]

"I've missed you, too. ... I'll be home soon."

*****

Epilogue 1

A year later Victoria looked out over the city from the 
elegant quarters to which she had moved Alexandra's new 
practice. Victoria had turned it into a real money 
spinner and she was *very* good a managing the money it 
spun. Victoria set fees commensurate with the expensive 
new venue. Men paid very well to let Alexandra treat of 
their sexual dysfunctions. Fortunately the same therapy 
worked for 99.9% of the cases, even if some of them had 
to come back time after time.

Alexandra was totally happy, no longer having to worry 
about money, or managing her time, or anything. Mistress 
Victoria did all those things for her. Victoria had even 
given Alexandra her very own room in the basement of the 
big house Mistress Victoria shared with John. Alexandra 
loved her Mistress, who always found Alexandra lots of 
men to fuck her, usually several a day. Alexandra enjoyed 
her work and Mistress Victoria told her she was very good 
at it, a natural practitioner, she said.

The End

And for those who like happier endings. <g>

Epilogue 2

Five years later Victoria looked out over the city from 
the suite of offices into which Alexandra's new practice 
had grown. Victoria had found several young women right 
out of medical school to help Alexandra expand her 
practice. The basement of Vicki's and John's big house 
had plenty of room for them, too. Vicki had every reason 
to feel content.

Things were a little quiet right now, she thought, 
smiling as she heard Alexandra -- or was it one of the 
others? -- screaming in ecstasy as she attended to a 
patient. My how these women did love their work! But soon 
things would be getting busier Vicki, grinned. She had 
spoken with John about it last night.

As usual, John was a little reluctant, pleading that he 
already had his hands full. But he would come around 
after Vicki fucked him a few more times, he always did. 
Vicki agreed with John that he was busy, but Alexandra's 
twins, Jeremy and June, were almost ready for pre-school. 
Vicki had felt a little embarrassed about letting herself 
get pregnant with Andrea just when she had John knock 
Alexandra up again with Carl, but accidents do happen. 
Anyway, both were at the adorable rug rat stage by now, 
so John was through with the heavy diapering. No, it was 
definitely time for Alexandra to become a mother again. 
The cash flow from men who wanted therapy from a woman on 
all fours with a huge pregnant belly and pendant breasts 
was just unbelievable. And by the time Alexandra's baby 
arrived, the little bun Vicki had recently let John put 
in her oven would be on a more relaxed feeding schedule. 
No, John could handle it. He was good at taking care of 
babies, almost as good as at making them.

The End.

Comments (please) to 
vargas111@yahoo.com

