Foster Parents (Part 1)

by TammiCunt (Email comments through asstr please)

A fantasy story obviously.

I had just turned 11 years old when my mother was arrested for drug trafficking.  I think it was meth but I'm not sure.

I do remember there were always strange people staying over at the house but I can't remember anything out of the ordinary

happening to me while living with mom.  It was only after I moved into my first foster home that I started learning things 

about real life.

My first foster parents were pretty cool and their house was clean which I liked because my old house was always so dirty. 

I liked living there because I had my own room and they even had it decorated for a little girl with pink and light green colors.

The bed was big enough for me to roll around in when I slept and I liked not having to sleep on the floor.

My foster mom's name was Brenda.  She was 39 years old and had brown hair that went down just past her shoulders.  She was pretty 

to me but not gorgeous.  She had a sweet way about her and she seemed like what a mommy should be.  My foster dad was an average

looking guy and was about 6' tall and average build.  He had salt and pepper hair and I think he was about 45 years old at the time.

He seemed genuine and nice and worked a job somewhere (I don't know what he did for a living) from 8 till 5 every day on the weekdays.

I started to going to the school right down the road from their house and I got off the bus at about 3 o'clock on school days.

The only thing that was different about their house was they always watched porno flicks around 8 oclock every evening.  They didn't try 

to hide the movies from me but they didn't try to make me watch them either.  There was never any talk about it and it became normal to me to

sit on the couch doing my homework while a lesbian scene played out on the tv screen next to me.  I never asked why they watched so many porns

because I figured it was their house and they could do what they wanted.  

One night I was climbing in bed and Brenda came in the room to tuck me in which was not a routine thing for her.  She asked me if I had noticed

the movies they played on the tv  at night and I said "yes".  She asked if those movies bothered me at all and I told her they didn't bother me.

She asked if I had any questions about the movies and I asked, "Sometimes when I'm watching the movies I feel kinda tingly down between my legs."

Brenda said, "That is normal. It is just because when you watch other people making each other feel good it makes your body start telling you that it 

wants to feel good too. Do you ever touch yourself down where it tingles?"

I answered, "Yes sometimes when im trying to go to sleep. Is that bad?"

She said, "Oh goodness no sweety.  Making yourself feel good is what you should be doing. It is not something we talk about to other people

but you should always rub yourself down there if you feel like it.  I do it all the time too."

I smiled.

I think I remember her asking if I had experienced an orgasm but I'm not sure.  Anyway, she asked me if I would be ok with calling her mommy.  She said

she knew she wasn't my real mommy and didn't want to take her place but just hearing me call her mommy made her happy.  I agreed to call her mommy.

She said "Would you say goodnight mommy?"

So I smiled and said "Goodnight mommy." 

I remember the look on her face was so happy to hear me say that and she kind of stared at my mouth as I said it.

Then she said, "Were you going to touch yourself after I leave the room?"

I just nodded.

She said, "Sweety would it be ok if Mommy stayed while you did?  If you want I can do it to myself too. I just think you have the cutest little

body dear."

I said, "It's ok with me if you want to."

She said, "Ok dear, please say 'It's ok with me if you want to mommy.'"

I giggled because I knew she wanted to hear it again so I said. "It's ok if you want to mommy."
l
Brenda said, "I do want to sweety." As she pulled the sheets back uncovering my body. 

I was wearing a long tshirt and panties to bed.  The shirt was white but thats all I can remember.  

Brenda asked, "Would it make you more comfortable if I show you my private parts first?"

I nodded yes and I remember thinking how excited I was by this point.  I wasn't afraid or nervous.  I really just wanted to see her. I guess 

those movies had more of an impact on my thoughts then I knew.

She stood up and took off her robe and she was naked underneath.

She had really big boobs and she was shaven bald down below.  She had an hourglass shape that I loved immediately.

Brenda said, "It's your turn sweety." 

I started to take off my shirt and she made me stop and asked if she could take my shirt off for me.  I said yes and removed my shirt and panties.

I remember her staring at my cunny as she took off my panties.

She said, "do you know what that is called?" and I said, "no".

Shae said, "Well this is your pussy but I like to call it a cunt.  Would you like to learn special words for things as we do them?"

I said, "yes."

She said, "Ok I will teach you as we go but first I want to hear you say, 'Do you want to see me rub my cunt mommy?"

She got a weird look on her face when she asked that and I could tell she was enjoying this.  

"Do you want to see me rub my cunt mommy?"

"Oh yes dear please rub that precious little cunt for mommy."

I started rubbing it the way I did when I was by myself and she put one of her feet up on my bed with the other on the floor and started rubbing hers too.

I really like watching her do it and I didn't know exactly why but my little pussy, excuse me, my little cunt was tingling more than ever.

Brenda grabbed one of my ankles and pulled it back ove rmy head so both legs were now against my chest.  She said, "try it like this dear.

and see if it feels better."

It did feel better that way so I ket my legs back and kept rubbing while I stared at her cunt.

Her cunt was opened up a lot more than mine and looked so pretty to me.  She didn't even know I was looking at her cunt because she was so focused on 
mine and my fingertip rubbing my bud.  She gasped a little bit and said something a little out of breath.

"Sweety, can mommy kiss your little kiddie cunt?"

I hadn't even thought of that but I wanted her to so bad and nodded.

She got on her knees next to the bed and put her hand behind my knee pusshing my leg back further and my cunt towards her mouth.  She leaned in and gave it

a quick peck on the clit.  I jumped a little as a shock wave went through me.  She leaned down again and gave it a long wet kiss with her tongue carressing my clit

like a master.  I started breathing hard right then.  I just wanted her to keep licking and never stop.  It was that moment that I became addicted to sex.   I know that for sure.












