Incest Was Best
By Perry Jones


Introduction:  This is a continuing serial story.  Please read previous chapters for continuity.


Chapter Five

	As Kathy pressed her uncle's doorbell, she suddenly realized that he probably would not be home. He would be downtown at his office. In her need to see him, she had forgotten that it was still very early in the day.

	She turned to go when suddenly her Aunt June opened the door.

	"Why, Kathy! What a nice surprise. Come on in," her aunt said, standing aside so Kathy could enter the cool, comfortable house.

	Kathy tried to smile, but she couldn't. She felt so lost and alone. "Uncle Dan isn't here, is he, Aunt June?"

	"Why no, dear. He's down at his office."

	By now, they were sitting side by side on the large, expensive couch. "Why did you want to see your uncle, dear?"

	Kathy looked down at the floor, embarrassed. If her aunt only knew why she had wanted to see him! "Oh, I just wanted to talk to him about something. No big deal."

	Aunt June frowned as she looked at the cute teenager sitting next to her. The youngster might be saying it wasn't a big deal, but June thought the young girl looked distraught and upset. She wondered what was going wrong.

	Almost against her will, the older woman's eyes traveled slowly over Kathy's young, firm body, taking pleasure in her huge, lush tits and her long, slender legs that were revealed by the short skirt she was wearing.

	Kathy looked up suddenly and gasped as she saw the look in her aunt's eyes. My God, it couldn't be, she thought, shocked to the core. But it was. She recognized that look. It was the same look she saw in her brother's eyes and in her uncle's eyes. It was a look of pure, undisguised lust!

	"What's wrong, dear?" June whispered, moving closer to the young girl. "You look as if you've seen a ghost or something!"

	"Uh, uh, nothing. It's just that, well, uh, I saw you looking at me like, well, kind of funny." She trailed off helplessly,

	"Funny?" June laughed as, reaching out, she stroked the young girl's bare thigh.

	Kathy gasped and pulled away, her skin burning from her aunt's touch. This couldn't be happening to her! Sure, she was horny. That was why she had come looking for her stud of an uncle. But she wasn't horny for her aunt. Or for any other woman! She had never Done anything like that and she never would! The very thought grossed her out. Yet, even as she thought this, Kathy wondered why, if the idea was so repulsive to her, her skin still burned from her aunt's touch. Could it be that she was attracted to her aunt? Glancing at her now, Kathy had to admit that her aunt was beautiful. In fact, she was gorgeous. But, still . . . make love to another girl? No, she couldn't! And the teenager shivered.

	"The look you thought was funny, dear, was the look of someone who finds you very attractive," Aunt June said as she embraced her niece and kissed her passionately on the mouth.

	Before Kathy had a chance to think straight, she found herself willingly parting her lips and mashing her tongue against her aunt's mouth.

	"Mmmm, nice, Kat," June said as their lips parted.

	"Ohh, Aunt June," Kathy murmured.

	"You liked that kiss, didn't you, dear?" June asked, stroking the girl's leg again, feeling the firm flesh quivering beneath her hot touch.

	"Oh, yes, Aunt June! But I shouldn't!" Kathy cried.

	"Why not, my dear? It felt good. So what's wrong with it?"

	Kathy let her eyes roam over her aunt's gorgeous body, trying to picture her naked.

	"Have you ever ... I mean, do you sometimes make love with young girls?" Kathy finally managed to ask, remembering what her uncle had told her about her aunt's sudden frigidity.

	"Why, of course, dear," June laughed. "With young girls. And with young boys. I'm not picky. Just so they're nice and young. I think your uncle assumes that I must be a lesbian because I've lost interest in fucking him. But that's not true at all. I've just lost interest in anyone, male or female, who isn't very young."

	"Oh, I see." Kathy nodded her golden-haired head. "I'm just the opposite. I can't stand young boys. I prefer more mature men."

	"Sure, honey, it figures," June said with a smile. "Opposites attract. Like you and me."

	"Like you and me?" Kathy asked, startled.

	"Sure. You're so young and fresh. And I'm older and more experienced. Mature, like you said. It doesn't matter that we're both girls. Except that only another girl can know just how to make it really good for you 'cause she knows what feels good for herself." Aunt June gave her a knowing smile.

	"Oh, I see what you mean," Kathy said, feeling her clit beginning to tingle and burn with excitement.

	Kathy licked her lips and looked at her aunt's short skirt.

	"What are you looking at, Kat?" June asked, reaching over and again stroking the young girl's silken hair.

	"Oh, I was just wondering if you wear underwear. I sometimes dont," Kathy said, giggling.

	"I hate underwear!" June exclaimed. "Why dont you take a better look, dear?"

	Before Kathy could answer, her aunt drew her skirt up around her waist and opened her thighs widely. Kathy gasped as she stared at her aunt's beautiful, hairless cunt.

	"No hair," she stammered. "Why isn't there any hair?"

	"I shave it, honey. Dont you like it?" 

       "Oh, yes! It's a beautiful pussy!" Kathy said, completely intrigued by her aunt's hairless cunt.

	As she watched breathlessly, her aunt spread her own cunt lips apart with two fingers and rubbed her aching clit. Then, with an oath of impatience, she tore off her skirt and threw it to the floor.

	So you like my pussy, Kathy, dear?" June asked, her voice husky with fuck-lust. "Oh, yes! I love your pussy!"

       "Would you like to taste my cunt?"
       
       Kathy hesitated only a second before answering. "I Dont really know how, Aunt June. But I want to learn! I really want to!"
       
       "Fine, dear," June smiled. "Take your clothes off so we can both eat each other's pussy. Teenage pussy is my very favorite treat!" As June pulled her blouse over her head, leaving herself completely naked, Kathy feverishly tore off her skirt and top. She wasn't wearing a bra so only her torn panties remained. "Why, Kathy, however did your panties get torn like that?" June asked, feeling strangely ex-cited as she gazed at the teenager's bikini panties, which were practically torn to shreds.
       
       Kathy blushed. "Oh, it's nothing, Aunt June. 
       
       "Well, that's okay, dear. You dont have to tell me if you dont want to."

	Without another word, June cupped Kathy's large tits in her hands and swiftly tongued the rigid nipples into her wet, sucking mouth. Kathy moaned and, after wriggling around on the couch to get into a better position, she returned the favor by sucking her aunt's big tits as hard as she could. "Your tits are beautiful, Aunt June!" Kathy murmured around the spongy tit flesh. "I love sucking your tits. I never thought I would be doing something like this."

	"Thank you, dear. It's time you learned the joys of fucking with other women, Kathy. At your young age, you should be exploring all sorts of sexuality. Nothing is wrong if both partners are willing and if it makes you happy. Remember that."

	"Yes, Aunt June," Kathy murmured obediently, only half-listening. She just wanted her aunt to stop talking and to go on with the business of fucking her niece!

	"Let's lie down on the floor, dear, where we'll have more room," June said, licking her lips as she gazed fondly at the young girl's drooling, hairy cunt.

	Kathy giggled and quickly jumped down to the floor. Soon, they were stretched out side by side, their arms around each other.

	"Do you want to be on top or bottom?" June asked.

	"Golly, I dont know! Top, I guess," Kathy murmured, not really knowing what she should say.

	June smiled and stretched out on her back, her large tits pointing toward the ceiling with their rigid nipples.

	Following June's direction, Kathy eagerly got on top of her aunt, turning her back to her face as she squatted over her head. With her wet crotch gaping widely, she slowly lowered herself, giving June an unparalleled view of her juicy pussy.

	"Mmmm, honey, I can't wait," June murmured, inhaling deeply and savoring the tempting aroma of teenage pussy in heat. Her very favorite thing!

	June expertly flicked her tongue out and mashed it hard against the young girl's throbbing clit, feeling a stream of cunt-juice flowing into her mouth.

	"Oh, God, Aunt June!" Kathy yelled, her entire body bucking as though she were being electrocuted. She couldn't believe it! It felt so good! Better than she had expected.

	The young girl's cunt tingled and burned as her aunt continued to tongue-fuck it. Kathy moaned with pleasure, realizing that her Aunt June had been right. Only another woman could really eat out a pussy the right way.

	She had loved it when her brother and her uncle had eaten her pussy. She certainly hadn't felt as though she were missing out on anything. But there was something about the way her aunt was reaming out her cunt that thrilled her like no other tongue had! And now, as she gazed at her aunt's beautiful, hairless cunt, the young girl only hoped that she would be able to do half as good a cunt-sucking job for the older woman.

	Bending over, Kathy spread her aunt's sleek thighs and continued to gaze hungrily at the hairless feast spread before her. With no hair to obstruct her view, she could see everything and she was fascinated. She had never seen another pussy up close before. The surface of her aunt's cunt was as smooth as glass. Taking a deep breath, she spread the cunt lips apart and gasped as the pulsating clit throbbed out into the open like a miniature cock.

	"Ohhhhh, Aunt June, I can't wait to suck your pussy! It's sooooo gorgeous!" Kathy cried as she touched the twitching clit with the tip of her tongue. From that second on, the young girl knew there would be no turning back. She would eat her aunt's pussy and she would love every tongue-fucking minute of it!

	After strumming her tongue against her aunt's jerking clit, Kathy wriggled it into the older woman's tight fuckhole, surprised her cunt could be so snug and tight at her age. She tasted the tangy fuck-sauce and moaned with delight. She loved the taste! She rammed her tongue all the way into the older woman's cunthole, squirming it around and feeling her aunt's tight cunt walls closing around it.

	Suddenly, they both came. Cunt-honey poured into June's mouth and she felt the spasms of the young girl's orgasm vibrating against her fucking tongue. And even more sweet cream streamed into Kathy's mouth from her aunt's coming cunt.

	"Mmmmmf," she moaned against the older woman's pussy. She had never felt anything like it. She knew she was hooked forever. She loved eating coming cunt!

	Over and over, they tongue-fucked each other

	until Aunt June finally signaled to Kathy that they should stop. They sat cross-legged on the floor, across from each other, their knees touching, smiling dreamily at each other.

	"That was heavenly, Aunt June," Kathy sighed.

	"That it was, my dear, that it was. How would you like to really fuck me now?"

	"What? How?" Kathy asked, as her pussy twitched in anticipation.

	"A dildo, dear. Ever used one?" She was already on her way to her bedroom to get the substitute cock.

	"No, I haven't, but I've heard of them." Kathy called after her.

	Before she knew it, Aunt June was back with a shiny coil of black rubber in her hands. It was at least a foot long, with blunt ends. Kathy frowned. She didn't quite understand how that thing could be used like a dildo. And it scared her a little. It looked so sinister.

	June knelt before her niece and held the dildo out to her. "It looks something like a two-headed cock, doesn't it, dear?" the older woman asked.

	"Oh, it does, Aunt June!" Kathy cried, seeing it that way for the first time. Now, her pussy twitched and jerked even more. She was becoming very, very excited.

	"Right and that's just what you and I need right now, dont you think? Two cocks!" June said as she lay back on the floor, bent her knees and spread her legs far apart.

	Kathy needed no further instruction. Her young passionate sexuality took complete charge of the tempting situation. Licking her lips as she gazed greedily at her aunt's beautiful, puckering pussy, she clutched the dildo in both hands, making it rigid and guided the far end toward the twitching fuckhole in front of her. The black bulb slid easily between Aunt June's parted pussy lips and disappeared inside her contracting pussy-hole. Kathy moaned with lust as she fed her aunt's pussy the black dildo, inch by inch, until half of it was gone. Then, grasping the other end, the horny teenager squatted astride her aunt.

	"You got it, honey," June murmured from below. "Stick that half up your cunt. Do it slowly, so I can watch."

	Kathy spread her swollen cunt lips apart with the fingers of one hand while, with the other, she guided the black, shiny cock-knob inside her pussy. Her cunt instantly spasmed with excitement then stretched painfully to take all the cock it could get, substitute or not!

	Kathy wanted to ram it all in fast, but her aunt told her again to do it slowly. "It's better that way, baby, trust me." she murmured huskily as she watched the long, black dildo disappear up her niece's tight little pussy. And so, painstakingly, Kathy inserted only an inch at a time until, finally, mercifully, there were only a couple of inches of dildo left. Her legs trembled from the tension of squatting and she looked at her aunt, uncertain once again about what her next move should be.

	"Okay, baby, now drop all the way down and let's fuck!" June squealed, sounding much like a teenager, herself.

	Kathy grinned and pushed down with all her might, feeling her cunt swallow up the rest of the substitute cock, her crotch mashing hungrily against her aunt's cunt.

	They both began to gyrate their hips in skillful fucking movements. Kathy leaned down to thrust her tongue into her aunt's open, panting mouth. And, as she did, June clasped her hands over the young girl's tits and rubbed her palms hotly over the rigid nipples, engorged with blood now.

	From their crotches the wet sounds of their fucking filled their ears and turned them on even more. They were brutally fucking each other now, cunt to cunt.

	Kathy had never known such sweet lust. With every fuck-thrust she gave with the artificial prick, she got fucked back. Harder. The more she fucked her aunt, the more she was fucked back. She had never known such pleasure in all her life.

	They were both fucking wildly now. They were both coming constantly, their orgasms crashing over them like waterfalls of erotic pleasure, their cunts spilling out pussy-juice which completely soaked their crotches, the dildo and the carpet beneath them.

	And, while they fucked, they kissed passionately and their hands pawed hungrily at each other's big, bobbing tits.

	"Oh, honey" June moaned. "I think my cunt's getting all fucked out but, God, how I love it!"

	"Do you want to stop?" Kathy asked, hoping she didn't.

	"I dont want to really stop, dear, but I do want to try something different."

	"What do you mean?" Kathy asked, surprised. She couldn't imagine what her aunt and she could do to each other that they hadn't already Done.

	"I like a cock up the ass, dear; the deeper the better. What about you?" June asked lewdly.

	Kathy gasped. "I've never had a cock up my ass, Aunt June!"

	"Does that mean you dont want to do it?"

	"No! It just means I'm kind of scared about it. Will it hurt?"

	June shrugged. "Sometimes it hurts, sometimes it doesn't. But, even if it does, the pain will feel good, too. Trust me."

	"Yeah, I think I know what you mean. Like when Tony popped my cherry, it hurt but I liked it and then ..."

	"Tony popped your cherry?" June asked in surprise.

	Too late, Kathy clamped her hand over her mouth. Whatever had come over her, giving away a secret like that? She just felt so comfortable with her aunt that she hadn't even thought about whether she should tell her or not. She just did it. But now, Kathy realized that just because she and her aunt had fucked each other didn't mean that her aunt would think her own brother fucking her virgin pussy was all right!

	Suddenly, June laughed. "Dont look so worried, dear. I just didn't know that Tony had fucked you, that's all. I dont see anything wrong with it. Like I told you before, as long as the two people both want to fuck and it feels good, what's the harm? I was just surprised because your big brother's been a frequent visitor over here, too, especially when your uncle is at work!"

	Kathy gasped again. "You're kidding!"

	June laughed. "Not at all, honey. Your brother really knows how to use that big cock of his, doesn't he?"

	Now it was Kathy's turn to laugh. "He sure does!" she said as she hugged her aunt and they both laughed. ...	Kathy had always liked her aunt but, until today, she had never fully appreciated her. She hadn't realized just how nice she was. And fun-loving. Hugging her now and laughing about Tony fucking both of them, Kathy felt a new, special closeness to her aunt that she knew would never disappear.

	"So . . . what do you say, Kat? Want to get your ass fucked?"

	"Sure! Why not?" Kathy laughed, not feeling afraid any more. Even if ass-fucking did hurt, she knew she would love that too.

	June smiled approvingly and pulled her end of the dildo from her soaking wet cunt. Kathy did the same. Silently, Kathy watched her aunt and did exactly as she did. June scooped up a handful of her own cunt-sauce and spread it between Kathy's ass-cheeks. Kathy moaned, loving the feel of her aunt's hand on her ass. She gathered up a handful of her pussy-cream and quickly smoothed it over her aunt's asshole, working it in good.

	June moaned too and began to ream out her niece's ass with several fingers, trying to widen and loosen the young girl's virgin asshole for the fuck to come. When Kathy started to do the same for her aunt, June motioned for her to stop.

	"No, dear, it's all right. I'm just getting your little cherry ass all ready for good, deep fuck. My asshole's already big enough. Just relax and enjoy this. Let yourself turn on."

	And Kathy did just that. She sank forward onto the carpet and closed her eyes, moaning as her aunt's fingers continued to fuck her small, tight asshole.

	"Okay, baby, your ass is as loose and stretched as I can get it with just my fingers! The rest is up to the dildo here," she said.

	"Ohhhh, yesssss, Aunt June!" Kathy cried, totally turned on now. She couldn't wait to be ass-fucked by her aunt's fake prick. "Fuck me up my ass with your big black cock, Aunt June!"

	June laughed. "Just follow my lead, honey and soon you'll be experiencing the thrill of your life!"

	Aunt June flopped over on her back and held her spread legs aloft by the ankles. Between the cheeks of her aunt's firm ass, Kathy could see her throbbing asshole twitching at her, as though begging to be fucked.

	Without hesitating, Kathy, smiling all the while, rammed one end of the dildo into her aunt's asshole as deeply as she could. With one brutal fuck-thrust, she had managed to fuck half of the substitute cock up her aunt's pulsating asshole.

	"That's it, Kat! You got it! Ohhhhh, God, that feels sooooooo good!" June cried, wriggling her ass and clenching her strong ass muscles around it.

	Next, Kathy fell on her back, too, balancing herself on her shoulders with her uplifted legs resting against her aunt's. Reaching down, she found the puckering entrance to her asshole with the other end of the dildo and, taking a deep breath, she stabbed her ass with it just as hard as she could.

	Surprisingly, Kathy felt only a tiny bit of pain. Then, only rich, raw pleasure flooded her cherry asshole as she shoved her entire half of the dildo up her virgin ass.

	She humped her ass-cheeks against her aunt's leaving only a narrow band of black rubber visible between the two ass-fucking females.

	They lowered their legs, Kathy's on the inside and her aunt's on the outside. Their hips rocked and bucked wildly, fucking the dildo inside their assholes.

	Their moans of joy and pleasure filled the room as they continued to fuck their asses. "Ohhhhh, Aunt June, it's wonderful! You were right! Ass-fucking doesn't even hurt and I love it!"

	"Me too, honey. Ohhhhh, it feels sooooo good! Fuck my ass! Fuck my ass!" she chanted.

	Over and over, they fucked their asses, their orgasms coming even harder than when they had fucked their cunts with the dildo. Their hot feverish bodies rolled and rocked back and forth in a frenzy of lust as they repeatedly fucked their assholes, screaming and moaning each time a new orgasm smashed through their cunts.

	"Ohhhh, yessssss, Daddy! Fuck meeeeeeeee!" the cute teenage yelled, not even realizing that, in her orgasmic lust, she had called out to her father who was nowhere around.

	Finally, Kathy came so powerfully that her spasming asshole forced her end of the dildo out of her ass and it flopped onto the carpet, where it dribbled the young girl's thick cunt-cream.

	"Ohhhhh, yesssss!" she screamed. "Dadyyyy!" she yelled as the last waves of her orgasm swept through her pussy.

	This time, the teenager heard herself and she shivered with the realization of just how powerfully she wanted her father's cock to fuck her. In the cunt. In the mouth. In the asshole. She needed him so badly!

	Aunt June pulled her end of the dildo from her asshole and smiled over at her niece. "So now you're not a virgin at all any more, are you?"

	"No, Aunt June," Kathy muttered, feeling strangely sad.

	"Except in one way," her aunt murmured mysteriously.

	"What do you mean?"

	June laughed. "I heard you cry out for your father, honey. And, until you've been fucked by your daddy, you're still a virgin. Having your daddy fuck you is the best possible fuck of all!"

	Kathy gasped. "Aunt June! How do you know that?"

	"How do you think?" she asked, watching her niece closely.

	"You, Aunt June? You were fucked by your father?" she asked in disbelief.

	June simply nodded, enjoying the look of surprise and desire which swept over her niece's face.

	"My God!" Kathy cried as she rolled away from her aunt.

	Now she knew, beyond the shadow of a doubt, that, somehow, some way, she would get her father to fuck her. She had to! She knew now that she would always be unhappy and frustrated until she felt his giant cock fucking into her pussy.

	
To Be Continued

