"What's next?" Tom asked.

"Care of Magical Creatures," Draco responded without the slightest hint of enthusiasm.

Tom frowned. "You actually signed up for that?"

Draco shrugged. "It beats just sitting around thinking."

"Fair enough." They walked past a bathroom. "Hang on a sec, would you?" Tom said. "My hands still feel a little sticky, courtesy of Weasley's clumsiness in Potions."

"What did he spill this time?"

"Pine sap."

Draco made a face.

"My sentiments exactly." Tom opened the door. "I'll be right back."

He entered the bathroom. The two toilet stalls had an ‘out of order’ notice pinned to their door, but Tom was only there to wash his hands, so that didn't matter. With the tap running, he grabbed the soap and almost dropped it in the grimy sink as a piercing shriek rang through the room.

Startled, Tom turned around. He came face to face with a floating, almost transparent girl with thick glasses. "Myrtle? Is that you?" he asked incredulously. "And…. you’re a ghost?"

"Yes," she said, crossing her arms and glaring at him, "it's me, Tom, and of course I'm a ghost! Nice one, you ... you... murderer!"

She let out another chilling shriek.

Tom's eyes widened. "Murderer? What the hell are you talking about? I didn't kill anyone."

"Oh really?" She huffed.

"Yes. Really." He turned off the tap and quickly dried his hands with the provided towel. It looked a little ratty, but at least it was clean. "I only arrived here a few days ago," he clarified, "and everyone I've encountered thus far is still alive. Well, present company notwithstanding, it seems."

She regarded him suspiciously. "Then you're a different Tom? Is that what you're trying to tell me? I have to say, you do look slightly too young and dashing to be the same one, after so many years."

"How do you mean different?" he enquired. "I come from the past, if that's your point."

"The past. Hm." She floated circles around him in a way he found more than a little irritating. "Which year are you in?"

"Seventh here."

"So you're seventeen?"

He shook his head. "No. Technically, I'm fifteen. Sixteen in December."

"Ah, that would make you a fourth year back in the past. Hmmm.... Interesting."

"Almost a fifth year, actually. And I'll be a prefect too, if you must know," he stated proudly. “It’s all been arranged already.”

"Yes, of course. You would be a prefect. So it's summer where you come from? Holidays?"

He rolled his eyes, getting rather bored with the conversation. "I was dragged here or Apparated or whatever I was, on my last day of school."

"Oh. So, you haven't um... been to see your family yet, then?"

"My family?" He didn’t realise, but instantly he was shouting; anything relating to that aspect of his personal life never failed to make his blood boil. "No. I haven't seen anyone, and where are you going with this, exactly?"

"Um..." She cleared her throat, feeling nervous and slightly intimidated, all of a sudden. "You know, Tom, I really don't think, um..."

"Tell me what happened, Myrtle," he said in a commanding tone. He tried to grab her wrist, but failed. After all, there was nothing solid to hold on to. "And why did you call me a murderer?"

"I really don't... don't," she stammered. "If you're from the past, I'm not supposed to tell. I can’t…"

"You're a ghost, Myrtle," he pointed out with a sneer. "I don't think supposed to applies to you any longer. Do you?"

She didn’t have an answer to that. For a few moments, she just stood there, thinking things over. This Tom was innocent, or as good as. Maybe if she told him what he'd done, they could change the future; or well, the present. Maybe all those people wouldn't have to die. Maybe she'd still be alive, herself, too—wouldn’t that be something?

"All right," she finally said. "Maybe you'd best sit down for this, though."

"Very well." Tom took a seat, albeit somewhat reluctantly. He inwardly flinched at how filthy the bathroom floor was. "I'm waiting."

Myrtle nodded once and began to speak.

Tom reemerged from the bathroom, shaky and pale.

"Are you all right?" Draco asked. "The pine sap didn't make you sick, did it? I've heard some people can get these really nasty allergic reactions..."

"The pine sap?" Tom gave a hollow, humourless laugh. "No, I didn't have an averse reaction to that. Now, to the truth, on the other hand..."

"The truth?" Draco asked, a feeling of dread settling in his gut. “About what?”

"Well." Tom coughed. "I had a very enlightening chat with Myrtle just now. I do believe you two have met? It seems I'm going to become a powerful Dark wizard who ends up killing his own relatives, a fellow student, countless Muggles… oh, and lest we forget, Harry Potter's parents, too; no wonder the specced git starts frothing at the mouth the minute he sets eyes on me."

Draco swallowed the sudden lump in his throat. He had no idea what to say.

"So, Malfoy," Tom went on, increasingly bitter, "pray tell, are you always in the habit of sleeping with the enemy or am I an exception?"

"You're... you're... hardly my enemy, Tom," Draco said quicky. "It's not like you've actually done anything."

"You were quite sure of that this morning as well, were you?"

"Well... no," he admitted, “but, you see, I assumed... I mean, you've been nothing but nice to me and it seemed, I mean, your affection for me felt sincere, and you haven't shown any signs, at least not to me, that you hate Mud-er, Muggleborns and you're nice enough to Granger as well, so..."

"Hm" was all Tom had to say to that. He took one of Draco's hands.
For a few loaded moments, the boys looked at one another in silence.

"Tell me, Draco," Tom finally said, "if I asked you to elaborate further on certain things that apparently happened between 1942 and the present day, would you do so, or would you still throw that ‘cosmic imbalance’ crap at me?"

Draco took a deep breath. "Well, I suppose you know most of it already, so it probably wouldn't do any extra harm if were to, erm, fill in the blanks. I have to warn you, though, none of it is particularly pleasant."

"No." Tom smiled wryly. "I'd gathered as much."

"Right." Draco swallowed hard. "We'd best skip class then, and go back to our room."

"Won't the teacher complain?" Tom asked, not keen on drawing that sort of attention to himself.

"Hagrid? Not a chance. If anything, he'll be glad I'm not there."

Tom almost laughed. "What? Rubeus Hagrid teaches Care of Magical Creatures? That complete and utter oaf?!”

"Yeah, he's a bit..." Draco trailed off. "Anyway, I'm pretty sure he won't say anything."

"What about Potter, though? Won't he use it as an excuse to try to get you into trouble?"

Draco shrugged. "We can tell them I wasn't feeling well or something. We'll think of some excuse. We're Slytherins, aren't we?"

Tom smiled. "That, we are."

"Just... promise me one thing, please..."

"What?"

Draco took a deep breath. "Whatever you find out about yourself or the future, it won't change anything between the two of us, will it? I mean, at the risk of sounding like a bit of a Hufflepuff, I've only just found you, I wouldn't want... Well, obviously you'll have to go back some day, but..."

Tom lifted a hand and placed it on Draco's shoulder. "Sssh," he said. "I just want to know what's been going on. I have no intention of dumping you, if that's what you're afraid of."

Draco gave a relieved smile.

"And as for me returning home," Tom added cryptically, "the final word hasn't been said on that subject yet either."

"I can't bloody well believe it," Harry ranted to Hermione. "Malfoy and Riddle, that's just beyond disgusting!"

"What's so disgusting about it, Harry?" she asked reasonably. "The fact that it's them or that they’re in a same-sex relationship?"

"Both, obviously," Harry said without even a hint of hesitation.

"How narrowminded of you, Potter," a voice behind them cut in, "but then you do have a problem these days with other people being happy, don't you? Laugh, the world laughs with you; cry and everyone gets dragged into the pity party; isn't that right?"

Harry turned around and was gob-smacked to find that the speaker was none other than Gregory Goyle. It was on the tip of Harry's tongue to say something about ferrets and loyalty amongst snakes—something quite witty too, even if he did think so himself—but for the sake of not getting himself into more trouble with the teachers, he decided to keep his mouth shut.

He did, however, intend to find out what exactly was going on between Malfoy and Riddle, aside from the obvious—which he really didn't want to think about too much. The two of them had to be up to something, and it couldn't possibly be anything good.