Rani my younger brother's wife was a full women. She
was small in height though but had full 40 DD sized
boobs which seemed to burst out of her blouse, a
narrow waist and a grand ass. She was fair, had long
hair which reached her below her waist and touched the
place between her ass cheeks. Her eyes somehow always
conveyed that she was horny from inside. My brother
was in police force and was posted out of town. Rani
lived with her daughters and sister. Ever since my
wife died six months ago, I was longing to have sex
with women. Rani's heavy breasts and big ass made me
very horny.

In order to have Rani for me I increased my frequency
of visits to their house and used to stay for two
three days at a time. Having nice joked with Rani and
her daughters. Jokes with Rani used to take double
meaning many times that made me confident that Rani
can be mine.

One night I requested Rani to sleep in the same room
where my bed was arranged. I knew it was a weird
request by the standards of our family and society but
to my surprise Rani agreed to this request. When we
went to bed, It was difficult for me to sleep because
I was very hot and a hot sexy women was sleeping close
to me. I started rubbing my cock thinking about Rani's
body. After sometime I noticed some movement on Rani's
bed too. I concentrated on her and noticed that the
rhythm of her movements was also regular. I guessed
she was also masturbating.

Her bed was only at an arms length from my bed so I
tried to lift the bed sheet she was covering her body
with and yes I was right she was naked from her waist
and below and her fingers were between her thighs.
Rubbing her cunt lips.

This scene put me on fire. I got up from my bed and
pounced on Rani's body. Rani felt me coming and
welcomed me in her arms. I landed between her thighs.
Her petticoat was already lowered and her love hole
having shiny drops of juices around it. It was well
shaved and exposed the pink petals in full bloom. Her
clit was large and protruding and had become big now.

I showered kisses on her face and neck, She also
kissed and bit my lips. Soon we were in tight embrace.
I opened her blouse to let those big boobs come in my
grip who had teased me for nearly two months now. As
they opened I feasted on them and sucked the big
nipples. Rani became hot and hot and was longing to
have my lund in her choot. She had opened my Pyjama
and was trying to take my prick in her love hole, I
tried to desist from inserting because I wanted to
enjoy her sexy badly more and more. I continued with
my foreplay and teased her clit with my fingers. She
became wild and gripped my lund to put it right into
her.

"Uhh Ab chod daalo mujhe" She said in a voice full of
lust.

"Uhh Rani aaj saaree raat tujhe chodoonga" I comforted
her and continued with my sucking of her nipples.

I also rubbed her vulva which were flooding with her
juices. I applied some of these juices on the tip of
my cock. It became more hot and hard.

Now Rani had raised her legs to my shoulders to let my
cock enter her glistening choot. I bent down and took
those pink lips in my mouth and she cried with joy. I
further pressed her cunt with my tongue and she
started jumping in her bed. As I teased her clitty she
went into a spasm of orgasm and held my hair and mouth
tightly around her choot.

She was muttering all sorts of sexy sounds from her
throat. I raised myself and rubbed my cock over her
breasts. She enjoyed the sight and her body went into
rounds and rounds. These made the rubbing more
enjoyable.

Gradually her actions became more demanding and now
she wanted my lund in her choot by force. I positioned
tip of my man hood on the entrance of her love hole
and before I could apply any pressure Rani listed her
hips and with a sound of Fuch my cock went deep into
her love tunnel and hit the womb with an inch and a
half still remaining out. I pushed the rest of cock in
her and she cried with pain mixed with joy as tip of
my cock hit her hilt.

I started pumping her choot with full force and
obscene sounds of fuch fuch were coming from her
flooded cunt. This increased our joy further and I
increased the speed further. Rani raised her legs more
and her thighs were now on my shoulder and her bliss
was in full view. It was taking my cock as it it was
sucking it inside. "Fuck me - fuck me - fuck me" she
yelled. Both of us pressing hard against each other as
our bodies slowly started shaking, neither of us
wanting to part from our bond that held us together.

I pressed her nipples and suck her lips in the
heightened fucking activity. Rani was fast losing her
control over her voice and body actions.

Looking down seeing my cock sliding in and out of her,
just below that ass I love so much, my pelvis
thrusting hard against her causing her breasts to
swing wildly. I felt her fingers against my cock and
realised she was rubbing her clit almost as fast as I
was fucking her.

She muttered "uhh aur tej chodo" "uhh aur andar" aaj
faad do meree choot ko" I also went higher and higher
in ecstasy . After some time Rani started to cum. Her
whole body went into involuntary motions and she bit
and pushed nails all over my body. I went on fucking
like a mad man and felt my balls were going to burst.
When Rani slowed down a bit my hot lava stated to pour
into her choot and she loved it and took it deeper and
deeper. Perhaps It was going right into her womb.

That night I also took Rani's ass cherry because my
brother had not fucked her ass. She became wild as my
huge cock pierced her ass cherry and rammed her for
next 20 minutes.

After that night Rani became my slut and did anything
for me. We had every kind of imaginable sexual
activity. She was highly sexy and used to love bath
and piss right in front of me, shave my pubic hair and
whenever possible remain naked for me. She even used
to leave her husband in his bed room for being with me
and became pregnant from me twice. This was in spite
of the fact that her husband had undergone vasectomy
operation. She gave birth to these children. I used to
bring her to my house at Delhi during delivery time
and we had enjoyed sex till start of her labour pain
on both occasions. I have taken milk from her boobs
along with our children.

