When Simon walked out of the room, he saw Lauren sitting on the floor against the wall in the hallway. She looked up at him with an accusatory gaze.

"Come off it," he muttered, looking down at her.

"I didn't say anything," Lauren said, standing up so he wasn't looking down at her.

"Just remember you are far more replaceable than I am," Simon said.

"Is that a threat?" Lauren asked.

"Just a fact, doll."

"Look," Lauren said. "It hasn't been easy turning her life around. Please don't turn her into a wreck now."

"She's the one who is causing all of this!" Simon said.

"You were cruel today," Lauren snapped. "You know you were."

"You need to learn the difference between reality and TV," Simon said back, just as harshly.

"I know Paula and..."

"No you don't! I've known her for seven years! You're not her mother and you can stay the hell out of it!" Simon yelled, interrupting.

"Then you should know you can't just turn it on and off with her!" Lauren yelled back.

Their fight was interrupted with Paula opened the door, no longer crying but looking furious.

"Simon, go away. Lauren, get in here, now," Paula said, her voice low. Both of them shut their mouths and flushed with guilt. Simon turned on his heel and disappeared down the hall while Lauren slunk into the room. Paula slammed the door and faced her assistant with crossed arms.

"I'm sorry," Lauren said.

"Tell me, what makes you think a hotel hallway is the appropriate place to yell about me?" Paula asked.

"It totally isn't," Lauren said.

"What were you thinking?" Paula asked. Lauren didn't say anything. "Well?"

"He makes you... not yourself," Lauren said. "I just... I want what's best for you."

"That isn't your job," Paula said. "Just..." She put her head in her hands. "I'll see you in the morning."

"Paula, I'm so sorry," she said meekly.

When Lauren and Simon with both gone, Paula got into bed and turned off the lights, but she didn't sleep.

oooo

The rest of Miami was long and uncomfortable, but on the flight to Philadelphia, Paula decided to stop punishing Lauren with her silence. Lauren had been walking on eggshells for the last two days and while Paula was still ticked about the fight, Lauren was too invaluable to alienate.

"We're done fighting now," Paula said. Lauren looked skeptical for a second.

"Really?"

"Yeah," said Paula and smiled at the look of relief on her assistants face.

"Good," Lauren said. "And again, I'm sorry."

"I know. You're going to make it up to me," Paula said. Lauren closed her eyes briefly, as if in pain. She was about to miss the silence.

"How?" she asked.

"I'm, as you know, not currently speaking to Simon. And I will not speak to him unless on camera. If he wants to talk to me, he has to talk to you," Paula said. "Got it?"

"He hates me! In fact, hate really isn't a strong enough word for what he feels. He loathes me," Lauren said pleadingly. Paula pulled the latest issue of People out of her bag.

"I'm sure you'll find someway to manage," she said.

oooo

Simon really wanted to speak to Paula. In the first hour they arrived at the hotel, Lauren intercepted three phone calls, a bouquet of flowers, and Simon in person.

"You can see her at the arena," Lauren said, planting herself in front of the door.

"Move," Simon said, "I'm serious."

"No, I'm serious. She's in with Daniel right now. She doesn't want to see you," Lauren said. For a moment, she feared Simon was going punch her. She saw his fingers flexing at his sides.

"This is ridiculous," he said. "Tell her I want to see her."

"She knows," Lauren says. Simon rolled his eyes and disappeared down the hall. Lauren slipped back into the room. Daniel glanced at her and she nodded to let him know that it was Simon. Paula didn't want to talk about it with either of them and had her nose buried in her phone.

"You're all set, gorgeous," Daniel said, pulling the plug on the curling iron. "Knock 'em dead."

"Thank you!" Paula cooed.

"We're running ten minutes late so let's roll," Lauren said, ushering Paula out the door, moving quickly, hoping Simon had really taken the hint and wasn't waiting for them around the corner.

Paula was the last to arrive on set and icily took her seat between Randy and Simon so they could start filming.

"Sorry," Paula said to Randy. He just squeezed her hand and motioned to send the first of the last in. Simon, to his benefit, didn't try to catch her eye, didn't touch her and barely threw a word her way. Finally the contestant, who'd been pretty decent, finished and Simon started talking.

"Randy, yes or no?" he asked.

"You know, dawg, I kind of like you. I think you have potential so I'm gonna say yes," Randy said. "What do you think Paula Abdul?"

"I think that you need to practice between here and Hollywood but that you have it in you to be something special," Paula said. "I say yes."

"You're through to Hollywood," Simon said, tossing his papers back down in front of him. The guy let out a gleeful shout, collected his ticket, and went out the door.

"Cut!" called Brian.

"What?" asked Randy, looking confused. They rarely stopped rolling once they started since it was reality and unpredictable things happened all the time.

"What's with you two?" Brian asked Simon and Paula.

"Paula isn't speaking to me," Simon said. "I'm trying to respect that."

"What?" Brian asked.

"I'm not speaking to him off camera," Paula clarified. "It won't affect our work."

"It is already!" Brian said, slipping his headphones back on. "We're all making too much money for you to fuck it up now."

"Piss off," Simon muttered.

"I heard that!" Brian said, sitting back down. "Let's go."

Simon looked at her – she was a little flustered from being chastised and she finally met his eye.

"Truce?" he said.

"Sure," she said with a curt nod. He grabbed the arm of her chair and rolled her towards him.

"I've been trying to talk to you for days, my darling," he said. "Did you get my flowers?"

"Yes," she said. He put his arm across her shoulder and she flinched, but didn't push him away. The door opened and Ryan sent another girl through. She grinned.

"Yo," Randy said.

"What's your name?" Simon asked.

"Caitlyn," she said. "Wow. Paula Abdul."

"Hi honey," Paula said with a warm smile.

"I can't believe I'm standing in front of Paula Abdul!" she gushed.

"What about me?" asked Simon, feigning hurt.

"I know! You're touching Paula Abdul!" she said. He rolled his eyes.

"Not enough," Simon whispered and Paula covered it with a cough. In the end, the girl didn't go through but did score a hug from Paula.

By the time lunch rolled around, they were all frustrated with the lack of talent. Paula and Simon had been acting normally on camera but as soon as they broke, she stood and left the room. Simon moved quickly after her, hoping to catch her before fun Nazi Lauren arrived to shield her from him. She was walking by a custodial closet when he caught up with her. He grabbed her arm and pulled her into the closet with him so quickly that no one around saw a thing.

"What the fuck?" she asked. He felt around for a light switch and finally found it. They were wedged between some shelves and a cart filled with mops and toilet paper.

"You have to talk to me," he said.

"Why?"

"Because I miss you," he said. "Because when I don't talk to you, I think about you all the time. It's like I'm a junkie and I need a fix."

"Don't charm me," she spat. He put his hands on her shoulders.

"Please forgive me," he begged, and he looked sincerely pained. "Please, please, please forgive me. Let me make it up to you. Do you want a puppy? I'll get you the cutest damn puppy on the planet. A new car? You can have my Bentley. Jewelry? Anything you want, anything."

"Stop it," she said, laughing. "Okay, okay, you're pathetic."

"I can get worse. Do you want me on my knees?" he asked.

"Couldn't hurt," she said. He got down on his knees and put his hands on her waist.

"I am a lesser being," he said, dramatically. "You are a golden goddess." She grinned and put her hands on his hand, pulling his face into her stomach. He stood up but didn't step back so they were close. He leaned down and kissed her cheek.

"Simon," she said. "This is a vicious cycle that we're in."

"I know," he said, leaning down to kiss her other cheek.

"You hurt me and then you make up," she said. "Why should I believe you won't just hurt me again?"

"Because I never want you to sick your terrible assistant on me ever again," he said. She leaned up on the balls of her feet to place a soft kiss on his cheek in return.

"She isn't terrible," Paula said, kissing his other cheek. "She's protective."

"She's a shrew," Simon said, sliding his hands up her arms to grab her face. "She keeps me away from you." He tilted his head and pressed his mouth to hers. This was exactly what she didn't want to happen. She didn't want to be alone with him because the second she was, she knew he'd worm his way back into her good graces. Now she was standing next to a musty broom, opening her mouth so that Simon could deepen the kiss.

Someone's hand on the handle of the door made them spring apart. The door opened and a maid gasped.

"Sorry," Simon said, taking Paula's hand. "We got a little lost." He chuckled as the exited the closet and made their way to the lunch room.

Lauren was waiting for them and threw up her hands in defeat when they entered smiling, hand in hand. Paula shrugged when they saw her and Simon stuck out his tongue.

"Nyah, nyah, nyah," he said.

oooo

Lauren wisely held her tongue about the whole situation. She left Paula early, reminding her of her scheduled lights out time and was not at all surprised to pass Simon in the hall. She stopped him by sticking out her hand.

"I hope there's no hard feelings," she said. "I was just doing my job."

Simon shook her hand.

"Woman makes us crazy," he agreed. Feeling more at ease, he let himself into Paula's room.

"Hey Si," she said. She was sitting on the floor on a yoga mat, stretching.

"Good God you are flexible," he said. "Lord, is that even healthy?"

"I'm trying to get back into shape so I can start dancing again," she said.

"I've seen you dance," he said. "I don't see any problems."

"That was for fun. I mean really dancing. Bending and moving in new and interesting ways. I'm not 25 anymore," she said. He watched her and saw her wince. There was a thin layer of sweat across her forehead.

"It's hurting you," he said.

"Yeah," she replied. "I've been off the heavy duty meds for a while and... you know... my back."

"Well take a rest," he said. She nodded and tried to stand up but then cried out and sat back down.

"Damn it," she said. "I pushed it too far." He rushed over to help her up and on to the bed where she laid back.

"Is there anything I can do?" he asked.

"No," she said. "It's okay, I'm used to it."

"Can't I give you a back rub or something?" he offered.

"You'd like that," she said, experimentally rolling her shoulders. He could hear the joint popping unnaturally.

"If it will help, I'd be glad," he said. She raised an eyebrow and looked at him skeptically.

"All right," she said. He helped her sit up and she reached for the hem of her tank top and pulled up. He'd seen her in her bra before – in the sauna, in the dance studio, in almost every music video she'd ever produced, but for some reason, her willingness to take this off with just him in the room was incredibly sexy. She lay down on her stomach and waited for him. He kicked off his shoes.

"Can I just say that I'm living a fantasy of many men right now?" he said, swinging his leg over her so he could hover above.

"Just start rubbing," she said.

"Oh, how I wish I got that on tape," he whispered. He carefully unclasped the back of her bra and laid the strips of red lace aside. Her back was small, compact, but he could see the muscles spasm beneath her skin. He started pressing into the tender muscles and she groaned. "Too hard?"

"A good pain," she said. He could see the thin white scars from her numerous surgeries. He wanted to lean down and kiss them but he could tell her pain was real. After about twenty minutes she stopped him. "It hurts too much for you to keep going," she said.

"I'm sorry," he said, leaning back.

"No, you helped," she promised. He hooked her bra back together and then lay down next to her, his head on the other pillow. "Will you stay?" she asked. "Keep me company for a while?"

"You did miss me," he said.

"A little," she admitted. She rolled over so that she press pressed against him and he put his arms around her, burying his face in her hair. "A lot." He let his fingers trace lightly along her spine and she pressed her face into his neck and breathed deeply. It was nice to fit so snugly into someone else's arms. While he wanted to touch her everywhere, he also had promised to be a good friend, so he just held her. After a while, Paula pulled the blanket up over them and soon they were both asleep.