Chapter 9: Battle Stations
      
Spaz grabbed the rail behind the Captains chair What the hell was that? Report, Crewman Frost.

A young crewman stood gripping the tactical display attempting to maintain her balance. Sir, We have multiple contacts, three, no four

Riu dashed to the tactical display catching her balance as the bridge shook once more and began to manipulate the controls. Sir, there are four Morgalon fighter craft, one is engaging us, one is engaging the Riu and two engaging the Lanvy. We have taken two direct hits, the the Riu has taken several, and the Lanvy is getting pounded, raising shields.

As Spaz reached the Tactical display the ship once again took a hit. How the hell did they get this close without anyone seeing them? Morgalons are not supposed to have

Spaz was interrupted by the voice of the Excalibur over the com system.

Multiple Morgalon contacts, all personnel to battle stations, all Remote Interface Units activated, Remote pilots to alert craft, prepare to launch alert craft, all available personnel to the gun batteries.

Excalibur what are you doing? Spaz yelled.

Riu placed her hand on his to get his attention. Spaz it is standard procedure for the AI to take command of the Remote Interface Units in the event of a tactical situation on a vessel that is under manned. The Remote Units will take over all unmanned positions and attempt to alleviate the threat.

Sir! Yelled Crewman Frost. Three more Morgalon fighters have come on sensors from the other side of the moon.

Shit! Yelled Spaz How the hell are we not seeing them, dont we have long range sensors.

Yes sir, Frost replied, however in order to conserve power all systems are at minimum capacity.

Sensors to full, all systems to full now!! shouted Spaz. God damn it, I have been spending too much time on this damn recruitment and have not been paying attention to what was going on on my own ship.

Sir! Alert fighters have launched, The Riu and Lanvy are already launching fighters. Gun batteries will be online in a few minutes. The Morgalon fighters are retreating.

The door to the bridge lift opened and David, Colonel Jimenez and Dr. Jones entered the bridge, followed by a very frightened looking Erilic and a calm Josh.

Spaz ignored the new arrivals as he took his seat in the Captains chair Pursuit course Crewman McEntire.

Yes sir, pursuit course, replied the crewman manning the main navigation console.

Lt. Cole, put the enemy vessels on screen.

The main view screen changed to display several small space craft. The craft appeared to be a collection of vessels put together haphazardly. Their construction belied their maneuverability as they moved to avoid the smaller Kregar fighter craft and the gun batteries once they came online.

Sir, the Riu has joined in the pursuit, however the Lanvy appears to be listing badly. They are reporting severe damage to engineering and weapons, reported Crewman Frost. 

The doors to the upper desk opened and several crewmen took up vacant positions. Spaz did not recognize most of them, but a few could have been Captain Emtoos twin sisters. Riu leaned in to Spaz and whispered. Remote Interface Units, manning all vacant positions.

Sir, damage control is reporting in. Shuttle bay two and the port gunnery batteries are offline. Starboard crew decks have taken direct hits and opened to space. Engineering has taken some damage but should be back online shortly. Hyper drive is disabled until further notice. Announced one of the units on the upper deck.

David took a seat to Spazs left Captain Walker what is going on?

Spaz looked down towards David with a frown. Sir, we got caught by surprise by up to seven Morgalon fighters. We are currently in pursuit and the ships Remote Interface Units have been activated and are manning all vacant positions, and the alert fighters. The Riu has joined in on the pursuit but the Lanvy has taken heavy damage."

Sir Crewman Frost exclaimed. Enemy contact exiting Saturns rings, its profile matches that of a Morgalon destroyer. The RIU has broken off pursuit of the fighters and is engaging the destroyer.

Spaz looked shocked and a little scared. How many enemy fighters remain? He asked as he leaned forward in his chair.

Three sir. Replied Captain Emtoo, fifteen of our fighters are in pursuit, however the Morgalon craft are changing course towards the destroyer.

Sir incoming torpedoes! Exclaimed one of the Interface Units on the upper deck.

Spaz tapped the ship wide intercom with his left hand. All hands brace for impact. Then he flipped the switch and looked towards the navigation con. Evasive action.

Aye, aye sir.

The Excalibur lurched to the left suddenly as the ship began to make evasive maneuvers and bolts of energy shot from the defensive batteries destroying all but one of the incoming torpedoes. Spaz held tightly to the captains chair as the ships inertial dampeners attempted to compensate for the sudden movements. David flew forward into the tactical controls as Dr. Jones, Josh and Eleric gripped onto the rail behind Spaz.

The shipped rocked more violently as the torpedo slammed into the Excalibur and exploded. Crewman Frost flew back from the tactical control station and slammed into the rear wall of the bridge, crumbling to the floor. One of the male Interface units fell from the upper desk, his face crashing against the tactical display, blood splattered across the control and covered Spaz and Riu.

Spaz wiped the blood off his face with his sleeve as Dr. Jones headed to check on Crewman Frost, who was starting to stand and waving him off. Dr Jones turned and knelt to check on the fallen Interface Unit and simply shook his head. Damage report! Spaz yelled as he stood up and lurched towards the tactical controls.

Sir, direct hit to the starboard flight deck, damage control is on the way. All other systems still operational, shields at twenty percent and falling.

Spaz looked towards Captain Emtoo who simply shook her head. All batteries target that destroyer and fire at will. Spaz commanded

Sir, The Riu has taken several direct hits. Her shields are gone and she is listing badly, reported another Interface Unit. One enemy fighter managed to dock with the destroyer and she is in full retreat. All of our remaining fighters are engaging the destroyer.

The Excalibur sped towards the Morgalon destroyer, its forward and port batteries blasting into the Destroyers shields, and the seven remaining fighters swarming around it firing into the destroyer. The Morglalon destroyer turned away from the oncoming craft on a course to take it out of the solar system. More blasts laced out of the Excalibur, and several torpedoes shot from the forward bays, one got through the shields into the rear of the craft. After several more direct hits from both the forward batteries and torpedoes, the Destroyer began to slow and then exploded.
Everyone on the bridge cheered as the Destroyer exploded, everyone that is except the Interface units who remained typically emotionless, and Spaz who shook his head as he sat in the Captains chair with an audible sigh. He looked around at the battle damaged bridge and shook his head. Sir I think we need to talk, Dr. Jones, Colonel Jimenez, Captain Emtoo can you please accompany me and David to my ready room? He asked as he rose from his chair. Crewman Frost, please keep an eye on our guests, you have the con.

Yes sir. She replied as she sat in the Captains chair.

Spaz entered his ready room and took a seat behind the desk as the rest followed. David and Captain Emtoo took the two seats in front of the desk while the rest sat in the two couches that lined either wall. Captain Walker what is this all about? David asked as he took his seat.

Spaz leaned forward over his desk and laid his hands on his forehead. He sat there for a few seconds before looking up at his friends. David, we are making a huge mistake and this fight just proved it.

David looked at Spaz and then at Captain Emtoo. What mistake are you talking about?

Sir, we have been taking things too lightly, we have been acting as if we had all the time in the world and we have put people in positions that they do not deserve simply because they were here first. Spaz said as he looked around and then leaned back in his chair. You gave me command of the Excalibur and Colonel Jimenez command of the Riu. But neither of us have any tactical experience or training. Until a few months ago, Colonel Jimenez was a civilian nurse and I have always been a pilot. Yes I have flown missions in the gulf and other areas but never in this scale. I have no experience commanding a ship. However we do have people on board who do have experience, retired naval Officers who we simply delegated to commanding repair crews. They are the ones who need to be in command of these ships, not me and Colonel Jimenez. No offence intended towards Colonel Jimenez. 

None taken Captain. Colonel Jimenez responded. Actually after seeing what just happened I agree with you. If I had been on the Riu when all this happened I would not have done any better.

Captain Walker, I gave you the command of this ship David started.

Sir I am sorry to interrupt you but I should not have command of this ship. I was originally given command until a more suitable commander was available. I feel more suitable candidates have been found and we are not using them. In the last few months I have been giving introduction briefings, and monitoring repairs on the Excalibur. I should have been learning everything about this ship. As the ships Captain I should know every aspect of this ship, ever system and their operations. I did not even know that our sensors were at minimum power or the vulnerability that left us in. Spaz interrupted as he stood from his chair and leaned over the desk. Sir, a ships captains duty is to his ship, not to all the other stuff we have been doing. Colonel Jimenez should have been on the Riu, as its commander that was her place, but we have been doing everything but commanding our ships. It is time we got someone in charge of the Excalibur and Riu who knew how to run a ship, how to organize her crew and what he needs to know about her systems. Sir we have a retired British Admiral with command experience and a medically retired French Naval Captain who commanded a carrier in the French Navy. They should have command not the two of us. Let me and Colonel Jimenez return to getting the recruits organized and training our fighter pilots and let command of the ships fall on the people who know what they are doing.

David looked around at his command crew, seeing the nods of agreements he nodded his head and stood up. You make sense Captain Walker, we are all learning new things, and this has definitely been a learning experience. Excalibur, are Colonel Young and Colonel Benoit still on board?

Yes sir,

David nodded, very well, please have them come to the captains ready room.

A few minutes later two men in new EDF uniforms entered the ready room, one had an obvious limp. Both came to attention in front of Captain Walkers desk and saluted, the older of the two spoke in a thick British Accent. Colonel Young and Colonel Benoit reporting as ordered.

Spaz returned their salutes as David rose from his chair and they exchanged places. Gentleman it has come to my attention that the two of you have experience commanding a ship.

Yes sir. The two responded together.

Well, due to recent enemy activity it has come to my attention that we have need of Captains with command experience. I am herby promoting the two of you to the rank of Captain in the EDF Space Force. Captain Young, you now have command of the EDFS Riu, Captain Benoit, you have command of the EDFS Excalibur. Colonel Jimenez will take over your duties as commander of the repair crews on all three ships. Colonel Walker will have command of the fighter squadrons with orders to recruit and train pilots. This is effective immediately, congratulations Captains, David said as he extended his hand to the two new ship commanders.

The two new Captains shook Davids hand Thank you sir, you will not be disappointed, stated Captain Benoit.

David nodded. The two of you have a lot of work to do. I will leave it to you to determine the priorities for recruiting and training on your respective ships. As you probably know we just survived an attack by the skin of our teeth, so I leave it up to you two to ensure we are ready the next time the Morgalons show up. Dismissed.

Yes Sir!! The two captains said together as they came to attention and saluted.

David returned their salutes and then took the seat behind the desk and picked up the pad in front of him. Colonel Walker I am authorizing you to institute your recruitment protocol, both Dr. Debbin and Dr. Jones have assured me that they are fully capable and have enough medical staff to cover just about any injury that has been experience by any disabled vet you recruit, both physical and mental. Captain Riu please cease Operation Search and Rescue, by our numbers we should have enough raw recruits either trained and deployed, in training or awaiting training to cover the current needs of the repair crews. Colonel Jimenez, see to your crews, priority is power, life-support and then weapons and shields. He said as the two new Captains exited his ready room to see to their new commands. I want an update on the damage sustained in this fire fight and exactly how many craft were lost by 1300. Thank you youre dismissed.

The rest of the command staff quickly saluted and exited to carry out their orders. David turned to look out the window behind him and stared at the space-scape as the ship slowly made its way back to earth. What am I going to do? We are not ready for this; I dont think we will ever be ready. My crew has no actual space combat experience and I am not sure we can pull this off. He whispered to the stars.

	David continued to stare out the window at the spacescape beyond, he could see wreckage floating by, parts of the destroyed or damaged fighters and ships, both Earth and Morgelon. Such a waste of life. He thought as the ship started moving slowly into the wreckage. 

	His thoughts were interrupted by the sound of the door chime. Enter.
	The door hissed open behind him. Sir we have detected life signs in the wreckage of the Morgalon ship. It appears that some of the crew managed to get to escape pods prior to the ships destruction. There are also several distress beacons. A voice stated behind him.

	David turned around and leaned against the desk; he looked up and shook his head. What do you recommend Captain Benoit? He asked.

	Sir, according to Captain Emtoo there are no Morgalons detected among the survivors. Sir, I recommend transporting the survivors to the ship and placing them in empty stasis pods until we can interrogate them and determine why they were serving on a Morgalon ship. Once that is complete we destroy all the sources of the beacons. Captain Benoit replied as he stood at parade rest in the doorway.

Sounds good to me Captain, if Captain Emtoo has no objections then proceed. David said as he came around the front of the desk towards the door. Follow me Captain.
	
David and Captain Benoit exited the ready room onto the bridge. David took a quick glance of the surroundings. Elric and John were still on the upper platform with two crewmembers next to them monitoring their activity. Several repair crews were working on damaged sections of the bridge and Colonial Walker, Major Jimenez and Captain Emtoo were talking at the tactical console. Spaz appeared to be agitated about something. 
	
No, we need to leave the area immediately. Those beacons are going to draw more Morgalon ships here and we are in no condition to fight anyone. Luck was the only thing that saved us this time. Spaz exclaimed as he gestured aggressively towards the tactical display.
	
Captain Emtoo shook her head slightly her arms held behind her back and in a calm voice replied. Colonial Walker, I appreciate your input, however I have to disagree. Morgalons unlike other sentient races do not have a history of running to the aid of their lost ships. According to the historical records once a ship was lost it was normally abandoned. She said as she walked around the tactical display and leaned forward with her hands against the edge of the console, staring at the display. We have an opportunity here to investigate a Morgalon ship in friendly territory. This has not happened in over a hundred years. The fact that we are detecting life forms that are not Morgalon is a curiosity. Never in the past have we detected anything but Morgalons and Scabs.
	
Spaz shook his head as he turned to stare at the display, his right hand coming up to run through his hair. Never before have you had the opportunity to investigate wreckage, so in the past hundred years, you may have left non-Morgalons behind in your haste to escape.
	
Which is exactly why we need to rescue and question those people, they have intel on the Morgalons that we do not. David said as he walked down to the tactical display. Captain Emtoo, until the Lanvy is up and running I am placing you and Doctor Jones in charge of the rescue and salvage operations. Until we get indications that more ships are coming we need to gather anything we can. Get those people on the ship and into stasis, then get those beacons turned off, and finally salvage anything usable from the wreckage. You are our expert on the Morgalons no one here other than the AI has any experience, so until further notice all decisions regarding non-Combat interactions are under you. David then turned to Colonial Walker, Captain Walker, you are in charge of all small craft, get me pilots that are not Remote Interface Units. Major Jimenez, you are in command of recruitment. We need volunteers and professional military personnel. The rescue protocols are fine for repair crews, but we need professional military personnel for key command positions and to fill our Officer and Non-Commissioned Officer Corps, we also need a lot of medical and security personnel, the highest priority right now however is trained interrogators, four should do for now, also professional adjudication and investigation officers, people who can weed out anyone untrustworthy in our ranks.
	
Captain Walker and Major Jimenez both appeared to want to argue for a second then both nodded. Yes sir.
	
Dismissed. David stated as he turned towards the tactical display. He hated being so blunt with his friends, but he was beginning to understand the need for it. Captain Emtoo, Benoit, what is the plan concerning the survivors?
	
Sir, we would like to send out Remote Interface Units in the stingrays and have them do a more through scan of the wreckage, scan for life signs and now fore salvageable materials. The stingrays scanners should be able to pick up more detailed information than the ships scanners, allowing us to pinpoint exact locations and detect life signs that are too week or too few for the Excalibur to detect. Catain Emtoo replied.


	
Spaz watched as David discussed the rescue and salvage operations with Captain Emtoo and Benoit. He smiled as David took charge, he had been waiting for this moment, when David would finally come into his own and realize that he was in command. Spaz did not resent his abrupt dismissal, as a former Major in the U.S. Air Force he was used to it and well aware of the necessity. Once a leader made a decision, it was final and no further discussion was required. For such a young man David was a natural at being a leader and making the hard choices. As his friend Spaz knew how much those choices hurt David, but Spaz trusted him to make them when necessary. He nodded to Major Jimenez and exited the bridge.


	
Major Jimenez frowned at David, how he could just dismiss her like that. One moment she was a major player and decision maker and now she was dismissed and regulated to recruitment duty. It hurt a lot; she looked over towards Colonial Walker her superior officer for support. He simply smiled at her and nodded at he turned and left the bridge. He did not appear to be upset, which was not normal for Spaz. The man normally held his emotions on his sleeve, but now he seemed calm and sure of his course of action. She shook her head and with a quick shrug of her shoulders and a final glance at David she too exited the bridge.

	
Major Jimenez was not sure exactly where she was going until she stood in front of the now familiar door. The sign on the side of the door read Crewman Karen Jennings/Crewman Ella Frost. She had spent quite a bit of time in this room, probably more than was appropriate for someone of her rank, but rank be damned Karen Jennings was the closest thing to a friend she had on this ship and the two of them had been colleges for almost three years before all this craziness happened.
	
She rang the chime and waited for the usual response, Come in. Came a voice from the other side of the door.
	
Jennifer Jimenez walked into her friends quarters with a forced smile. How ya doin girl. She asked as she looked around at the small sparsely decorated room. You ok, I have not heard from ya in a few days?
	
Karen looked up from the tablet she was reading as she lay on her bunk. Im fine, is everything ok that was some scary shit going on out there?
	
Yeah, we got in a tussle with some of those demon lookin dudes, but we kicked some ass. Colonial Walker and I got demoted and I am now in charge of recruitment.
	
Karen sat up on her bunk and set the tablet down. Demoted, what the hell, why did you get demoted?
	
Jennifer shrugged as she rolled her eyes and turned to look out the window. Bits of wreckage floated by and a shiver ran down her spine. Colonial Walker and I asked for it actually. I was so outa my league here, girl, I did not have the first idea what to do. All that command training they gave me, it helped, but when the shit started, girl, I almost pissed myself. It made a busy night in the ER look easy. She replied as she continued to stare out the window. You know, looking at this shit, I cant help but ask myself, if any of it was from the RIU. She was my responsibility, the people on he were my responsibility and I was here, playing at bein a military officer. But girl, I had not a clue what I was doing. People died over in the RIU, shit people died here and I just stood there and watched. Someone else was running the ship I was supposed to be in charge of. I have no Idea who, but it wasnt me. I think I understand now why you turned down His offer to be one of his officers, took a job as a crewman in charge of shuttle maintenance.	
	
Karen stood from the bunk. I did not turn down the offer because of any of that, I turned it down because of him. She replied as she walked up beside her friend. I love him, and it scares me. I barely know the man yet every time he walks in the room a feel like a schoolgirl. He does not need that right now, and I would just get in the way.
	
Girl thats just crazy talk. If there is anything that man needs right now it is a good woman to ground him. His head is way too big for his britches and he definitely could use someone keeping his mind from wondering, someone to toss his crazy ideas at before he gives them to us. Jennifer replied as she sat in one of the small desk chairs.
	
If you think he is so crazy, why do you all listen to him? Karen asked as she continued to look out the window.
	
Jennifer scratched her head and took a deep breath. Honestly, I dont know. There have been so many times in the last few months I have wanted to tell him to go fuck himself, like I used to do to Dr. Jones. Tell him he was off his rocker, or anything else. The day he gave me the RIU was the worst, I wanted to punch him in the face. The last thing in the world I wanted was command of a ship. But I couldnt, no matter how much I tried all I could do is say was, yes sir.
	
As the two women stared out the viewport, the EDFS Excalibur began to slowly head out of the debris field and onto a course for earth.


	
David Jenkins stood in the dark conference room of the Earth Defense Force Ship Excalibur looking out the window at the view of the Earth below him. He stood there staring at the planet thinking about the seven plus billion people that he was responsible for. Here he was a twenty four year old man, barley graduated from college and he was responsible for protecting the entire population of a planet. A population that for the most part did not know they were in danger or that he and the EDF were even up here watching over them. He let out a heavy sigh.
	
His thoughts were interrupted as the doors to the room opened and Riu Emtoo walked in, Captain of the EDFS Lanvy, and one of his closest confidants and friend. Sir here you are, everyone has been looking for you? She said as she came to stand next to him in front of the large window.
	
I deactivated my locator beacon, I did not want to be disturbed. He said as he looked from the window towards the Captain. I need to think, and everyone asking me questions and wanting my opinion on things was getting to be too much.
	
Riu smiled at David as she gently rested one of her small delicate fingers on his arm. They trust in your judgment Sir. Youre our Commander-in-Chief, they look to you for leadership She started to say.
	
They need to look to themselves more often, David interrupted as he looked away from the young woman. I put them in charge of their respective ships and sections for a reason, I can not make every decision. They need to lead on their own.
	
Sir they are leading, however they do not want to make important decisions without consulting you. She replied.
	
David looked down at his friend and smiled. She was a unique individual. She had the body of a fourteen year old human teen and the mind of a super computer, even after being activated for almost a year she still has a tendency to be analytical in her thoughts, though she has begun to rely on her emotions and intuition more. Of all of the people under him, she would have the best incite on having to deal with people much older than her who must work under her. That is what is bothering me. I have very little command experience, until nine months ago I was working for the human resources department of a large corporation, about as low as you can go on the corporate latter, one step above intern and now I have former military officers obeying my orders and seeking my advice as if I was a hardened battle trained General. They should be relying on their own intuition and making their own decisions, not hanging on my every order. I have made so many mistakes and bad decisions in the last nine months I am surprised we are all still alive. David replied as he began to pace in front of the window.
	
Riu watched David with a slight sigh. Sir, its because of your Kregar half. The Kregar had a very structured society, every Kregar knew his or her place and who was in charge. When two Kregar met for the first time they assessed each other on every level, the one that came out on top during this assessment would then influence and command the others, both with pheromones and mental abilities. The Excalibur has detected command pheromones coming from you and I have seen evidence of you instinctually influencing the people around you, especially when you felt it was important.
	
David stopped pacing and stared at Riu. Pheromones and mental influence, you mean I am forcing them to obey me against their will?
	
Riu shook her head, no sir more of a push, they obey you because they feel it is the right thing to do, the pheromones and mental abilities simply ensure they do so when it is important. I asked the Excalibur to assess the pheromones you are giving off, they are of Imperial caliber. You sir are no longer acting as commander-in-chief of the military, you are acting as the Emperor of the Kregar Empire.
	
David looked back out at the space scape and the planet below. Great more responsibility for me to deal with. Well I guess worrying over it wont help, so what was so important you needed to find me?
	
Riu nodded as she pulled a tablet from her hip pack. Your highness here are the current reports on the repairs of the EDFS RIU and EDFS Lanvy. She said as she began briefing David on the days activities. 
	
David listened carefully to her morning briefing still feeling overwhelmed but committed to his goals, after all the health of an Empire depended on him. As she spoke, more of the ships officers filed into the room. David turned to look at them, some were new to the EDF, and others have been here since the beginning. Major Jimenezs recruitment program was working out well. Riu stopped her morning briefing as he raised his right hand in a motion of silence. Thank you Riu, I appreciate the report. He said as he glanced at the assembled crowd. You will all have to start making your own decisions from now on, and relying on your own experiences. He turned to look at the Captian of the EDF Lanvy. You are now in charge of the fleet Admiral Emtoo, see to the things we have discussed. Looking back at the assembled officers. I am leaving. I need to learn more about what is going on and I cannot do that here.
	
Where are you going, sir? Asked Colonial Walker.
	
Good question, Colonial Walker get a stingray ready, you, Dr. Debbin, and Crewman Jennings and I are going to the Kregar home world.

End Book One



