The Debt
by *Lady Lucia* 

PART SEVEN

Liz took a few more hesitant steps into the locker room, feeling a light breeze on her bare back as the door closed behind her and sent a bit of air in her direction. Why couldn’t she have run into Leah, or Ruth, or literally any other friend besides Sarah?

Just wanting to get it over with, she picked up her pace and turned the corner, passing section after section of lockers until finding Sarah waiting for her at the farthest one from the entrance. While it looked more or less the same as the girls’ locker room, especially when she and another girl were standing between the two rows of blue lockers, it still felt different. The faint smell of boy was noticeably worse than what she was used to in her locker room, as was just the internal knowledge that this was unfamiliar and inappropriate territory.

“About time,” Sarah giggled, blatantly eyeing her.

Liz knew that Sarah was only into boys, but it didn’t stop Liz from flushing a little from the once-over as she awkwardly stood in the plain regular-cut pink panties, her hands and arms still tightly held over her bare chest. “Can we just get this over with?” Liz muttered, glancing away.

“Sure. Close your eyes.” Sarah said. The confusion on Liz’s face must have been pretty obvious, as Sarah immediately explained. “I don’t want you looking at his combo.”

“Oh, umm, right,” Liz replied. She hesitantly complied, letting her eyes flit closed while Sarah unlocked Isaac’s locker. As if she would ever come in here again anyway. In retrospect, it also would have worked if she just turned around or took a few steps away, but it seemed awkward to suggest that now that her eyes were already closed.

She heard the faint sound of metal on metal as Sarah spun the red wheel left and right, lightly knocking the lock against the metal behind it as she did so. A few moments later, the telltale sound of a locker being open followed the previous little noises. “Keep them closed. Isaac and I deserve our privacy,” Sarah said.

Liz just did as she was told, though she wasn’t a huge fan of losing her vision for so long while undressed. Even though she’d probably hear it if someone else walked in, the ability to glance around had been so important to her when running around topless earlier. And then she felt something brush the outside of her wrists. Before she could utter a single word, something hard and slim snapped Liz’s wrists together.

“What-” she opened her eyes in response to the feeling, only to find Sarah standing right in front of her. Liz’s hands were partially zip tied together, and her blonde friend was working too quickly for Liz to resist the coming adjustments. Before, Liz’s hands were on opposite breasts, but Sarah roughly shifted them and pulled the plastic band much tighter, until Liz’s hands were on their proper sides and smushed together while bound. “Sarah! What are you doing?!”

Liz could see her nipples bared to the world, and quickly covered herself the only way she could in her current position. With her hands bound, she had no choice but to snap her elbows together at her stomach and use her forearms to cover her boobs.

“Oh, haven’t I told you? Isaac and I have been trying out a little bondage. But we haven’t gotten around to finding handcuffs yet.” Sarah smirked. In one sharp motion, she grabbed Liz’s hands and yanked them down.

“SARAH!!” Liz gasped. There was nothing she could do about it. Though she managed to force her arms to stop halfway down, resisting the downward force to the best of her ability, her boobs were still totally on display.

Firmly holding Liz’s arms in place, Sarah made a blatant show of staring at her bare chest. “Not bad, Liz,” she nodded. “Now apologize for shoving me earlier.” In another swift motion, Sarah let go of Liz’s arms and grabbed her boobs instead. With both hands, she pinched and twisted Liz’s nipples, digging her nails in as well.

Liz cried out in pain, trying to squirm away, but found herself unable to pull back without her nipples being pulled the opposite way, and her bound arms couldn’t do shit to break Sarah’s grip. “Ah- Ow, OW!!!” Liz winced from another pinch, then cried out again when Sarah twisted the opposite way. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry!!” Liz exclaimed. The words spilled out of her mouth in response to the blonde’s unyielding grip. “Sarah, I’m sorry for shoving you! Please- AHH! Please stop!”

“There. Was that so hard?” Sarah sunk her nails in one more time, causing Liz to squirm and yelp again, but finally let go. She stepped back, crossing her arms with a stern glare. “Now if you want to be untied, you’re going to do one simple thing for me. Otherwise, good luck finding clothes.”

Liz could only look back with watery eyes and a helpless gaze. The moment Sarah let go, she threw her bound arms back over her chest, but the following words made her heart sink. She thought being topless in school was her worse nightmare, but the girl she thought was a friend had found a way to make it infinitely worse. No pants at all. Boys’ locker room. Wrists bound together. Still throbbing nipples. “What- what is it . . .?” Liz hesitantly asked. It’s not like Sarah gave her much of a choice.

“Bend over.” Sarah simply said.

Cheeks flushing all over again from the suggestive words, Liz did as she was told. She was naturally submissive, and Sarah’s demanding tone combined with her leverage made Liz obey without question. For a moment, she had the horrible thought that Sarah wanted to spank her. But instead, Liz just had to follow more blunt instructions. “Step through your arms.” “Get on your knees.” “Chin to the ground.”

It was all so commanding and demeaning, but Liz found herself doing each step without a single word of resistance or complaint. Sarah had all the power, and Liz desperately wanted out of this mess. “Hold still.” As Liz cringed at the thought of her chin touching the cool, dirty floor, Sarah stepped behind her.

(For reference, as it’s a tricky visual to put into words. Chin to the ground, and not a blonde, but you get the idea.)

And then Liz felt it. This time, her ankles were being zip tied together. “Wait, Sarah!” she finally found her voice again, but only once her feet were bound together just as tightly as her hands.

Ignoring Liz’s protest, Sarah grabbed the bound girl’s hands and pulled them back a little. Isaac’s lock clicked into place, and Liz realized as much when she tried to pull her arms free. Sarah had locked both zip ties together, leaving Liz completely stuck. There was no possible way to step back through her arms and undo the position she had gotten herself in.

“There. That’s a much better look for you, girl.”

Not Liz. Not Elizabeth. Girl.

“Sarah-”

WHAP

Liz felt a sharp stinging as Sarah slapped her slightly uplifted ass. While she gasped and immediately lost whatever thing she was about to say, Sarah chastised her. “Hush, girl. Another word, and I leave you here like this for the boys to find you.”

For the second time today, Liz actually squeaked. Whatever words of protest were forming caught in her throat in response to Sarah’s threat, and she managed to suppress them. Only the meek little noise escaped. Not only was she just in her underwear, but she was in the most demeaning and erotic position. True, her boobs were kind of hidden, but her panty-covered ass was jutting out for the world to see.

“There. You’re a lot more bearable when your mouth is shut.” Sarah said. “Now stay here and think about how you’re going to be less uptight from now on. I’ll deal with you in a few minutes. Don’t you dare move an inch, girl.”

Liz couldn’t see Sarah any more, but she could hear the sound of the blonde’s flats getting more and more distant until she was gone. Just like that, Liz was alone.

Bound, nearly naked, and alone in the boys’ locker room.


PART EIGHT

Sarah softly hummed to herself as she closed the locker room behind her. Standing at the edge of the empty gym, she pulled out her phone and sent off a quick text. The urgency of the words would work; she was sure of it.

This. Was. Amazing.

Her older sister, Skylar, was an aspiring dominatrix, still in the amateur/exploratory phases of the hobby. Sky had mostly done stuff with guys, but had occasionally experimented with open and willing girls.

Sarah and Sky weren’t the kinds of sisters that were weirded out by sexual conversations with the other, so Sky had been more than willing to share about a few of her experiences. While Sky didn’t give a detailed crash course or anything, she at least told Sarah a few fun concepts. Like depriving a sub of his/her name. Like a few different bondage positions.

While Sarah enjoyed ideas like “pet” and “toy,” she had actually come up with “girl” herself. Well, “boy,” in Isaac’s case, but it was easy to adapt for Liz. Something about the simplicity of boy/girl spoke to her; the idea of taking away a name and demoting them down to their most basic identifying factor. All while being a bit harsh and controlling, of course.

And what the fuck was this day?!

It’s not like Sarah had been scheming to do this to Liz or anything. Sure, the girl had some submissive tendencies. Liz was practically Canadian when it came to apologizing. Sarah didn’t know anyone else who said “sorry” as much as the preppy brunette did, and for the most trivial things at that. And then there was the light blushing, the nervous hair twirling, the avoidance of eye contact, and so on.

Each quality alone wasn’t that unusual for a teenage girl, of course. But ever since Sarah’s little chats with her older sister, she began noticing little “Dom” and “sub” tendencies in those around her. And of all Sarah’s friends and classmates, Liz really stood out. Because she wasn’t shy. Liz was self assured, but with habits and reactions that gave away her submissive side. Girls like Leah were noticeably shy in comparison, which would make them dull targets. Where's the excitement without a little fight?

However, Sarah’s only physical ‘practice’ with such things had been with Isaac. So when a topless Liz fell into her lap (well, collided with her), Sarah couldn’t help but take advantage of the opportunity that presented itself.

The difference was, Sarah liked Isaac. It’s why they were dating. Since this was all new to both of them, experimenting was a gradual process. Sarah was hesitant in her dominant words, held back when it came to the physical things, and constantly checked in with him to make sure he could handle it.

However, Sarah wasn’t a huge fan of Liz. That meant she wouldn’t have to hold back.

**************************************************************************************************************************************************

Liz still held onto the hope that all of this was some opportunistic prank. At the end of the day, they were part of the same friend group, weren’t they? Sure, Sarah was the kind of girl who would be amused by a topless girl in school, but this had already gone pretty far. Zip ties, and in this position? Since the start of high school, Liz had grown a little distant from Sarah, but she hadn’t done anything to warrant this kind of response. People just change.

For the worse, in Sarah’s case.

Despite Sarah’s parting demands for her to not move an inch, Liz at least lifted her chin off the gross boys’ locker room floor. While it appeared clean, she could only imagine the countless sweaty socks and bare feet in this area as boys changed after an intense gym class.

She flushed again when the rebellious movement shifted her weight enough to cause a tiny bit of resistance between her hands and feet. Locked together. She knew that, of course, but it was still fresh enough that every reminder of it made her nervous and embarrassed all over again.

Minutes passed, though it felt like hours to Liz while bound and alone on the locker room floor. On the boys’ locker room floor. But finally, she heard the telltale sound of the squeaky locker room door swinging open. While she really wanted to call out Sarah’s name in curiosity, she dreaded the thought of bringing attention to herself if it was someone else. Regardless, she reluctantly lowered her chin back to the ground, thinking that not doing so might give Sarah an excuse to drag this out.

Liz was positioned with her pink-clad ass facing the opening that led to the back section of lockers, so all she could do was listen. The echoing of footsteps sounded a little like Sarah’s flats, but she couldn’t be sure. Wait, was that two sets of footsteps? Liz nervously swallowed at the thought, but the resonant locker room made it difficult to tell. Maybe it was just an echo.

“Just don’t freak out, okay?” Sarah’s voice. For a moment, Liz thought she was being addressed. Don’t freak out about what? But the second voice confirmed her nerve-wracking suspicions.

“Sarah, what the heck?!”

That was . . . that was Leah!

Liz was sure of it. No longer interested in staying perfectly still, Liz lifted her head to glance behind her. Sure enough, Leah was standing side by side with Sarah, but the shocked look on Leah’s face gave away the fact that she had nothing to do with this. “Leah! Don’t- don’t look . . .” Liz flushed. She didn’t know what else to say. Begging for help would have made more sense, but Leah was the most innocent girl Liz knew.

Yeah, Leah had seen glimpses of other girls in panties and bras in the locker room, but never directly. She would always walk by with eyes averted, and keep her gaze locked forward while she changed herself. But now she was faced with Liz’s pantied ass, bare everything else, and a bit of sideboob as she stared down in surprise at what Sarah had brought her to see.

If anything, it was less staring and more “deer in the headlights.”

After a pregnant pause, Leah finally tore herself away from the sight to look at Sarah instead. Fragmented sentences poured out of her mouth. “You said-” “Emergency.” “Why is Liz-” “Umm, scissors?” By the time Leah finished stumbling over her words, Liz picked up the gist of it. Sarah had claimed an emergency, brought Leah to the empty locker room, and now Leah thought this WAS the emergency. Her innocent friend hadn’t said a word about Liz’s actual near nudity, probably because the first thing she saw (after the blatant ass, of course) was the zip ties and red gym lock.

“I did this, Leah.” Sarah said. Honest and straightforward, and a distinct contrast to the flustered, fumbled words of the other girl. “But I thought you might want to take her place.”

Leah was a pretty pale girl already, but her face went white at that. “S-Sarah, no . . .” she said.

“That’s what I thought,” Sarah said.

Liz had already lost her voice again. She wanted to say like a hundred different things, but Leah’s arrival had totally thrown her for a loop. Still keeping her head turned to watch the scene in front of her, all she could do was awkwardly stare up towards the girls from her spot on the floor. Sarah continued, “I could easily do this to you, Leah. Hell, you deserve it for losing my money. However, since Liz butted in earlier, I figured she wouldn’t mind paying for your mistakes.”

“Sarah, enough!” Liz exclaimed. For once, her cheeks weren’t the brightest ones in the room. Leah flushing bright pink at everything - the sight of another girl nearly naked, the thought of herself in the same predicament, and the fact that all this was happening in the boys’ locker room.

“Shut up, girl!!” Sarah snapped, “One more word, and I call Isaac and tell him and all his friends that Ultimate Frisbee is WAY less exciting than the little treat waiting for them in here. Now, head down.”

It was enough to extinguish Liz’s flicker of strength. Like in the school hallway earlier, Liz was really stepping in to defend Leah anyway. But the thought of being seen like this by a dozen boys or so brought her crashing back to reality. “Sorry . . .” Liz murmured. At Sarah’s demand, Liz turned away from the two girls and placed her chin back on the floor.

“Better,” Sarah said. “Now then, Leah.” Though Liz could no longer see them, she could easily hear the amused lilt behind Sarah’s direct words. “Here’s the deal.”

She paused for a beat, no doubt doing so for effect, then offered Leah a choice.

“You can take Liz’s place. Right here, right now. Or you can let her pay for your fuck up.”


PART NINE

Another long silence fell over the locker room.

Liz hated that she couldn’t see what was going on behind her. She could only imagine Leah’s face in response to the awful choice Sarah laid out for her. On the one hand, the whole problem with the concert tickets was because of Leah’s naivety. But to willingly strip down in punishment? Knowing the helpless and mortifying handcuffed position it would leave her in?

Though it was on Sarah’s insane terms, part of Liz really hoped Leah would step up. Liz was loyal, and would normally do anything to defend a friend. The whole reason the first domino fell today was due to defending the girl. Between detention, her half naked ‘adventure,’ and this whole ordeal with Sarah, Liz had already suffered more than enough. Aside from a little shove, none of this was her fault. Why should she be the one to pay the price?

Sarah’s voice finally broke the silence. “Not sure? Here, I’ll decide for you.”

Liz couldn’t see what happened next, but whatever Sarah did immediately broke Leah out of her stupor. “No!” she shrieked, her shrill voice filling the boys' locker room. “No, I can’t, I can’t! She can pay. Liz can pay!!”

. . . So much for loyalty.

Despite Leah’s innocence, Liz still couldn’t help but be bitter at how quickly the girl caved.

“Oh? Then say it.” Sarah said. Liz could hear the sneer in her tone. Could practically see the confident smirk that Sarah so proudly donned whenever she won anything. Normally, those victories were card games and board games, but getting Leah to turn on the very girl who normally had her back probably counted as a victory in the dominant girl’s eyes. “You want Liz tied up. You want Liz naked. You want Liz to pay for your mistakes.”

And Leah was quick to repeat it. Liz was still processing the abrupt betrayal in Leah’s high pitched exclamation, but the following words were so much worse to hear.

“I want Liz tied up. I want Liz naked. I want Liz to pay for my mistakes.”

This wasn’t as much of a panicked fight or flight response. Well, it was, but the direct nature of the words meant that Leah knew exactly what she was agreeing to. And, while the blunt phrases sounded weirdly natural in Sarah’s commanding voice, they really didn’t fit quite as well in the meek, innocent echo. Leah sounded unsure and clumsy as she repeated what she was told to say, but that didn’t matter. She still said it.

And that was that. “Great. Stay right there, Leah.” Sarah said.

Her flats clacked a few times as she approached Liz, towering over her merely by standing in comparison to Liz’s position. The past few moments had been a whirlwind of emotions, but Sarah’s proximity enough was daunting enough to snap her back to reality. With her chin on the locker room floor, Liz could only see the girl’s slender legs by her side in her peripherals. Then, out of nowhere, she felt two feminine hands on her ass.

Liz gasped.

She had never been touched below the waist by anyone. And while her rear wasn’t the most private thing in that lower region, it still felt like Sarah was stealing something from her. Liz squeaked and turned crimson as Sarah gave what felt like a slow squeeze, but Liz didn’t yet realize the girl’s true intentions.

For the second time in one afternoon, Liz heard a distinct RIIIIIPPP sound, and felt her delicate pink underwear being torn apart.

Sarah hadn’t been groping her ass. She had been digging her nails into the backside of Liz’s panties.

Liz’s eyes widened in realization, but there was absolutely nothing she could do about it in her current state. For a moment, the material resisted, digging into Liz’s skin in all the wrong places as Sarah pulled. But then it was over as quickly as it had begun. In a flash, her underwear was being whisked away, albeit much more roughly than the precise way Jade did it with her bra and top earlier.

“SARAH!!” Liz screamed.

The removal of her last piece of clothing, the one covering her most sacred area, was enough to snap Liz out of the submissive silence. Ever since Sarah left her alone here, she had accepted that she would have to suck it up and deal with whatever excessive girl vs. girl prank Sarah had planned. But this was too much.

In her demeaning position, Liz squeezed her legs together, praying her little slit wouldn’t be peeking out for Sarah and Leah to see. However, there was nothing she could do about her bare, pert butt sticking out and up. No matter what, Liz’s hands and arms were keeping her from being able to lower her hips all the way down.

Wait, Sarah wasn’t the right person to beg!

Shifting her head to glance back as best as she was able, Liz focused on Leah. Surely her closer friend wouldn’t allow this. Even if Leah had said the word ‘naked’ herself. Liz hadn’t even considered that Sarah meant 100% naked when she made Leah repeat those words.

“Leah, I- MMmphhh!” While she had been getting over the shock of being truly naked, and how insulting and insensitive it was to destroy expensive underwear in a similar but completely different way than Jade did, Sarah had been circling around to her front side. And the moment Liz opened her mouth to address her better friend, Sarah squatted down and stuffed the ruined panties into her mouth.


PART TEN

“Quiet, girl.” Sarah growled. Her voice was low and controlled. She used two fingers to stuff the remainder of the makeshift gag through Liz’s lips, then clamped her hand over Liz’s mouth to hold the pink underwear in place.

Having her own underwear used against her like this was humiliating, as if being naked wasn’t humiliating enough, and Liz desperately shook her head left and right as she gagged a little bit before finding a ‘comfortable’ position for her panties. It was a strange combination of dry and wet, as the cotton both dried out her mouth, but also made her salivate simply due to the fact that she had something in there.

“Girl. GIRL. Look at me.” While one hand remained firmly clamped over Liz’s lips, Sarah snaked the other around her neck and yanked her brunette locks HARD.

Liz let out something between a whine and a cry, no longer totally in control of her own sounds. The nudity, the gag, and now the roughness all culminated in the worst ways, and some of her reactions were simply guttural responses from embarrassment, suspense, and fear. She looked up at Sarah to the best of her ability, not able to lift her head very far due to the way her body was stuck due to the zip ties.

She found the most stern expression waiting for her. Narrowed eyes, an irritated scowl, and an enormous height difference even while Sarah was squatting in front of her. Liz felt more trapped than usual due to Sarah’s unyielding hand over her mouth.

“Good girls are quiet and obedient,” Sarah quietly said. In some ways, it was like a parent chastising a child. Rather than yelling, it was the more effective method — soft and intense, making every word hold weight. “Be a good girl, and you’ll be freed after your punishment. But be a bad girl . . .” she trailed off, twirling a strand of Liz’s brunette hair in her fingers. Then, without warning, she gave another hard yank, “Then every boy in our grade will see just how bad you are after lunch.”

Liz’s eyes widened. In some ways, it was basically the same threat as before. However, Sarah had found a way to make it worse. It wouldn’t just be a few boys during lunch. It would be a whole locker room full of boys after lunch. Naked and zip tied, surrounded by unsupervised teenage boys she shared classes with. The very thought made her squirm internally. She would never, ever live that down. And, unless a teacher heard the commotion pretty early on, something told her there would be various degrees of unwanted bodily violation as well.

Didn’t Sarah care? Surely she could guess what might happen if any girl was left in such an unsupervised and chaotic setting.

Once she paused long enough for those words to sink in, Sarah continued, “Nod if you’ll be quiet.”

Liz did as she was told, eyes a little teary both from the way she was being treated and from the recent yank on her hair. A reluctant nod to agree to Sarah’s demeaning question.

“Nod if you’ll be obedient.”

Again, Liz nodded.

“Nod if you’re going to be a good girl.”

Liz’s cheeks went crimson at the phrase that was somehow both patronizing and wildly inappropriate at the same time, but slowly nodded her head a third time. The motion felt so strange when Sarah had one hand over her mouth and another in her hair, making each nod a little reminder through the faint resistance that she was totally powerless in Sarah's hands while zip tied and naked on the cold locker room floor.

“Good,” Sarah smirked.

With a tiny warning tug on Liz’s hair, paired with a more firm clamp over her lips, Sarah slowly removed both hands. After all the harsh motions, these final ones were almost teasing and intimate in comparison. Fingers running all the way down Liz’s long brunette locks until reaching the ends, then letting go so the strands gently fell free. Hand loosening over her lips and pulling away until just one finger teasingly traced her lower lip right before detaching completely.

However, Sarah remained squatted down for a moment, making sure to stare right into Liz’s defenseless eyes before delivering her first order. Expecting obedience to follow, of course. “Keep my gift to you in your mouth, girl, and stay quiet. Like a good girl.” Another small pause for effect. “Oh, and Lizzie? Head down. Ass up. Now.”

It was almost worse than being called ‘girl.’ Family and a few rare friends called her ‘Elizabeth,’ but otherwise she stuck with ‘Liz.’ To her, ‘Lizzie’ felt a little childish and girly, and it totally wasn’t her style. Leave it to Sarah to keep piling on little elements that made this whole ordeal worse.

But Liz couldn’t even find it in herself to glare at the rude nickname. Sarah was staring at her with those same demanding eyes, and it’s not like Liz was in a position to do anything but obey. At this point, she had to play along and hope her cooperation would be enough to earn her freedom before things got worse. So, blushing once again at what she was about to do, Liz lowered her face, cringing at the thought. Sure, the school had a janitor, but that didn’t do much against the thought of her face touching the floor where a bunch of boys’ sweaty post-gym feet had been.

And, of course, the other part. As Liz lowered her head, she could feel her ass naturally lift a little bit. But, just to ensure she was being ‘obedient’ in response to Sarah’s mortifying demands, Liz made the effort to lift her bare ass a little more. She could only imagine the secondhand embarrassment Leah was going through, or how the girl was faring when seeing such nudity when normally so averse to such things.

“Good girl.” Sarah patted Liz twice on the head, then finally stood up again.

Once more, Liz was left ‘blind’ to what was going on. Sarah’s legs were the last thing she saw, and then nothing. Both Sarah and Leah were now standing behind her, and Liz was stuck looking at the base of some lockers as her chin remained on the cool floor.

Then, out of nowhere, she felt a sharp stinging as a hand cracked down on her exposed ass.

Someone just spanked her!!


PART ELEVEN

Liz had never been spanked before!

She lightly yelped at the unexpected feeling, but the sound was muffled through her closed lips and the wadded panties still in her mouth. “Lizzie!!” Sarah exclaimed, “I said ass UP. Be fucking obedient, girl.”

Whining a little bit into the gag, Liz did as she was told. What choice did she have? Sarah was going to spank her, something her parents had never considered throughout her childhood, and in the most demeaning way possible. So, knowing it was still either this or letting a bunch of boys see her zip tied and naked on the floor, Liz awkwardly pushed her ass up a little more. Willing thrusting her cheeks out towards the inevitable smacks that would follow the first.

Ever the artist in subverting expectations, Sarah did something else entirely. Rather than continue, she turned to address the awkward witness and soon to be reluctant conspirator to all of this.

“Here’s your chance, Leah. Spank Lizzie 200 times, one for each dollar you cost me. Do that, and we’re even.”

“But-”

“But nothing. Would you rather I spank you that many times instead?”

“No!” Leah squeaked. “I-I’ll spank her . . .”

Liz couldn’t see the scene unfolding behind her, but she heard the betrayal that was just as immediate as before. Her alleged friend, the one she had DEFENDED this morning, was caving so easily. Sure, it was classic psychology — kill, or be killed — but Leah wasn’t even trying to fight or debate for what was ‘right.’ Not even a little bit. No attempts at telling Sarah to call this off, that this was too much.

Maybe that would have softened the blow. At least the smallest effort to push back before giving in. But no, the modest girl didn’t repay the favor by coming to Liz’s rescue, or at least trying to.

“Good,” Sarah smirked. This was all unfolding better than she had anticipated. A naked Liz running into her was certainly not what she expected when she decided to cut class, but it had been pretty easy to make lemonade out of the situation. Using ‘logic’ on a naked girl worked a lot better than on a clothed one, as the single-mindedness of the still nude brunette had led her down this lovely road.

As badly as Sarah wanted her money back, this was better. The girl who shoved her, getting well beyond what she deserved. Detention was sweet, but this was sweeter. And the girl who screwed her out of $200 doing something so against her nature. By the end of this, Leah would wish she had just found a way to repay the money owed.

Knowing Leah was in too deep to do anything but listen, Sarah laid out a few ‘rules’ for both girls to hear. “Leah, every spank needs to be as hard as mine, or harder. If you hold back, we’re going to have a problem. Lizzie, if you make a sound or lower your ass, it’ll be way more than 200.”

Sarah hated that one rule, even as she said it. ‘No sound.’ She would have so loved to hear those squeaks and whines being muffled by Liz’s own panties, but it wasn’t worth the risk. Locker rooms echo, and some passerby might hear and subsequently investigate, which would potentially ruin the fun. Of course, the spanking itself would make some noise, but that was a risk Sarah was willing to take.

Glancing at her little silver wristwatch, Sarah noted the time. More than enough to deliver Liz’s punishment and finish up in here with her. “Ready, Leah? Alternate cheeks for me. 100 on each, and make them all count. Ready? Go.”

There was one more bit of fun that Sarah was keeping to herself. No matter how good Leah’s first spank was, Sarah planned on telling her it wasn’t enough. Just to really drive the point home for Liz and her bare, defenseless ass. That no one fucks with Sarah Lewis.

WHACK.

Liz squeezed her eyes shut as Leah delivered the first blow. No sound. Ass up. The first ‘rule’ was going to be difficult. Even though Liz knew it was coming this time, as Sarah told Leah when to begin, the sharp sting of the spank nearly made her squeak in response. That’s just what happens when something hurts! And Sarah was taking away her body's natural reaction by not allowing it.

“Leah! What the fuck?!” Sarah exclaimed, “Is that the best you can do?”

The words barely registered to Liz before a much sharper slap landed on the same cheek. Leah was very quick to obey this time, and the ‘correction’ stung a lot more the second time around. If every spank was going to be that hard, this was going to be rough.

SMACK. WHAP. SCHWAP. Each spank was hard and deliberate. Rather than a fast, alternating rhythm, Leah wound up for every single slap, wanting to be sure that each one would live up to Sarah’s standards. CRACK. THWAP. SMACK. WHAP.

While Leah wasn’t a merciless girl, it certainly felt like it in this moment. It was impossible to think about anything but the stinging sensation, and the blows kept on coming.

Ten. Twenty. Forty. Eighty. One hundred.

Fifty spanks on each cheek, each one seemingly harder than the last. It took everything in Liz’s power to hold back dozens of little sounds she could feel forming in her throat as the torrent of slaps rained down on her bare backside. She was so focused on that ‘rule’ that the other directive slipped her mind every now and then. Purposely jutting her ass up and out wasn’t that natural, even in the humiliating pose, and being spanked again and again subconsciously made her body want to shrink down.

Of course, Sarah wasn’t having any of that. Every time Liz lowered her extended rear even a little bit, she was quick to chastise the naked girl. “Lizzie! ASS. UP. That’s ten more spankings. It’s going to be another ten if you fuck it up again!”

Liz didn't know if Sarah meant an additional ten in total, or ten on each. She could only pray for the former.

Deliberate as the stinging slaps were, Liz still lost track somewhere along the way. Someone was counting, right?! No one was doing it out loud, but surely Leah or Sarah were paying attention, right? It’s not like Liz could answer if asked, for a number of reasons.

By the time Leah reached the halfway point, she paused.

Liz’s ass was a deep shade of pink, and Sarah was now fully smirking at the scene before her. This was amazing. Delicious. Perfect. Free period would never be the same again. Why relax in the middle of school, when torturing girls (and guys, probably) that clearly deserved it was an option? Watching Liz’s round ass jiggle with each of Leah’s spanks was beyond amazing, especially while observing the bound brunette twitching and desperately attempting to keep her butt raised. Attempting to stay quiet as well.

Surely that silence wouldn’t hold. Not when those cheeks were already dark pink, and well on their way to a lovely red.

“Why did you stop?” Sarah asked, forcing as much annoyance into her voice as possible.

“Umm. My hand . . .” Leah muttered. She blushed and glanced away. Clearly afraid of Sarah in this moment. Rightfully so, after witnessing what Sarah was capable of doing to another girl. Sarah low key loved that she was getting all the credit, because the entirety of the stripping was an unexpected blessing that she hadn’t been in any way a part of. Save for landing Liz in detention, of course.

Those two words were enough for Sarah to understand. Spanking someone takes its toll. She could only imagine the frustration Liz must feel of her punisher complaining of a sore hand when currently suffering from something a lot worse.

It was actually a good opportunity. One, she didn’t want the last half of Liz’s spankings to be weaker than the first. Two, this opened a really fun door.

“Hold on, Leah,” Sarah said. She rolled her eyes and shot a tiny glare at the girl, letting her know that such a complaint was putting her on thin ice. Anything to keep control of the fully clothed girl who could run away at any moment if pushed too far.

Sarah sauntered over to her still open locker. Well, Isaac’s locker, but same difference. It only took a moment to retrieve another little instrument the two of them had been experimenting with in the bedroom. Just not quite to this degree.

Turning back around, Sarah held it up for Leah to see. The perfect object to fix Leah’s sore hand and simultaneously make this a LOT worse for Liz:

A wooden paddle.
