Adam can’t really focus on the relief he knows he should feel at Katy’s leaving. His body is still screaming for release, searing sensations of pleasure and pain pulsing through him as he lies there trembling, waiting for – whatever comes next.

By this point he knows better than to think that he has any say in the matter.

His tremors increase with relief when the ceaseless vibrations of the toy Kris has been tormenting him with finally do cease, and Kris removes it, removes the cuffs, and gently rolls Adam over onto his back. He removes the clamps as well, and Adam begins to relax as the overwhelming pressure begins to ease… momentarily. As the other sensations fade into memories, Adam finds himself unable to focus on anything but the burning need in his bound, aching cock.

“Kris…”

He whimpers, desperate, pleading, instinctively moving trembling hands toward the leather strap that binds him. Kris immediately catches his wrists, pushing them up over his head and holding them there for a few moments as he gives him a warm, reassuring smile, looking directly into his eyes.

“Shhh, easy,” Kris murmurs, leaning down to give him a slow, tender kiss before drawing back to meet his eyes again. “Be still,” he softly commands, and his voice is firm and warning, but not threatening.

Adam’s already been compliant for so long at this point – and to someone far more frightening and aggressive than Kris is being – that it’s surprisingly easy to submit to Kris, who’s behaving so tenderly and lovingly with him now. His hands clench into trembling fists over his head, but he obediently keeps them there, as Kris slowly slides his hands down Adam’s arms to his shoulders, over his chest. They finally stop at Adam’s hips, gently but firmly pinning him down as Kris’s parted lips hover over Adam’s erection.

The stillness of the room is thick, tangible, as Adam holds his breath, on the razor’s edge of waiting desperation. Kris lifts one hand to deftly remove the torturous strap that’s bound him, casting it aside and whispering two warning words into the quiet.

“Don’t. Move.”

It’s all that Adam can do to make himself obey as the soft heat of Kris’s mouth engulfs him. After the hours of longing desperation, driven to a fever pitch by the torment that’s been inflicted upon him, it doesn’t take long for Adam to reach the completion he’s been crazy for so long. Despite his efforts to keep still and Kris’s gently restraining hands, his back arches upward as he comes, and he lets out a hoarse cry of mingled pleasure and need.

Kris holds him in his mouth, swallowing down his spendings until he’s finished, then slowly rises, his hands still gently pinning Adam down against the bed – a silent instruction that he’s still not to move yet.

Adam’s not sure he could move if he tried.

His every muscle is trembling in the aftermath of his climax, exhausted from the hours of tension that has all just been released. He closes his eyes, gasping in deep draughts of air. As he tries to recover, he’s vaguely aware as Kris lies down beside him, pressing in close at his side. Kris places one arm comfortably across Adam’s chest, bracing himself on his other elbow and gently running his fingers through Adam’s sweat-dampened hair, pushing it back out of his eyes. His voice is hushed, as if afraid to shatter the stillness that’s fallen in the room, as he asks a soft, almost awed question.

“Do you have any idea how long I’ve wanted this?” He glances toward the closed bedroom door with a long of mingled affection and regret as he adds, “How much it cost Katy to let me have… this? You?”

Adam follows Kris’s gaze to the door, then meets his eyes again, myriad unanswered questions in his own. He swallows hard, biting his lower lip, his breath deep but evening out as he looks to Kris in silent, worried wondering.

“I know she’s been a little scary,” Kris admits softly, sympathy in his eyes as he runs the back of his fingers down Adam’s cheek. “But… she’s been a little scared.”

Adam nods once, slowly, considering the truth of those words. When all is said and done, he feels a little sorry for Katy, and what she must have been going through these past few days since Kris told her the truth. Kris is right. She must have been so afraid of losing what she and Kris have.

But…

“Should she be?”

Adam whispers the words tentatively, his brow furrowed in apprehension as he waits breathlessly for Kris’s response. Kris is quiet for a very long time, eyes self-consciously downcast, lips parted as he seeks just the right words. Finally he answers, hesitantly but with utter honesty.

“I love you, Adam. I… think I have for a long time now. But… I love Katy, too. And… she’s okay with that. Amazingly, she is. If… if you are.”

Adam remains silent for a few moments, considering. When he finally breaks the silence, he holds Kris’s gaze intently, his voice trembling with a depth of emotion laid more bare than usual by the vulnerability he’s experienced over the past few hours.

“You… you know how I feel about you, Kris. I just… I just want to be with you. But I know that… Katy’s your wife. You’ve made vows to her. If being with you means… sharing you with Katy, then… then I’ll accept that. I’m lucky that she’s willing to agree to something like this at all.”

Kris’s face lights up in a grateful, relieved smile, and he leans down to kiss Adam again, slowly and tenderly, with the leisure that comes with knowing they have all the time in the world. Then, he slowly sits up. Adam starts to rise as well, but Kris gently presses his shoulder down, pushes him back onto his back.

“Stay here for a minute, okay? I need to talk to Katy, and then, she wants to talk to you.”

Adam’s mouth goes dry with apprehension, but he remains where he is, waiting nervously, trying to listen to the soft, muted sound of Kris’s and Katy’s voices outside the closed bedroom door. After a few moments, Katy comes into the room alone, shutting the door behind her. Adam instinctively tenses as she lies down on the bed beside him, but soon realizes that the heat of jealousy has faded from her eyes, and her smile is no longer wicked, but sympathetic and a little regretful.

“I’m sorry if I freaked you out tonight, Adam,” she softly says. “I just… needed you to know that… I’m not playing around… and I’m not giving up my husband.”

Adam nods, solemnly accepting her words.

“Have you made a decision?” she calmly asks, giving him an expectant look.

“Yes,” he whispers, rolling onto his side and rising up on one arm, raising his voice slightly as he goes on, his words gradually increasing in strength and certainty. “I… I’m willing to agree to your terms, if you’re still… still willing to try it this way. I think… I think we can make this work. I… I don’t want to take Kris away from you, Katy. I know you love him, and he loves you, and… and I wouldn’t want to have any part in destroying that. It’s… a beautiful thing…”

The door opens and Kris slips unobtrusively back inside, clearly not wanting to interrupt as he silently moves toward the bed. Adam hesitates, looking away and swallowing hard, before meeting Katy’s eyes with a depth of sadness in his own and making a soft, hesitant confession.

“I’m… not sure it’s something I’ve ever had, before, but… but I want to. I… I’d like to be a part of it… if you’ll have me.”

“Of course we will,” Kris murmurs as he lies back down on the bed, nestling in close behind Adam and wrapping one arm around him.

Katy smiles and nods, and leans in to place a soft, chaste kiss against Adam’s lips. He yields to her kiss as she slides closer to him, her arm intertwining with Kris’s around him and surrounding him with the combined warmth and certainty of their love.

“I think we can make this work,” Katy murmurs, leaning her forehead gently against Adam’s, as Kris presses a tender kiss against the side of his throat. “I think we can all learn to share."