SUSAN, FOSTER CHILD

BY UNKNOWN

I answer the telephone and am greeted by a quiet, calm and
controlled female voice. "Mr Alexander?" She asks. I reply in the
affirmative. "Mr Alexander, I believe you have registered as a
possible foster carer for children in need."

"Yes, that's correct".

"My name is Alice Woodhouse and I'm with the Department of
Juvenile Corrections. We are looking for a placement for a child
in need of particular care. The child has committed no crime
other than being abandoned and in need of a guardian. Mr
Alexander, If the child cannot be placed in foster care, she will
have to be sent to a correction facility. Would you be available
to accept this child?"

"Now listen", I continue. "I have stipulated that I am only
prepared to take female children between the ages of seven and
twelve or before puberty. I will not take uncontrollable runaway
teenagers. I have also stipulated that I must be allowed to
discipline any girl placed in my care as I see fit and without
interference from the authorities".

"Yes, of course Mr Alexander. I have your file in front of me and
that is why I believe that you are the perfect choice for this
girl. Her name is Susie Harper and she is not quite ten years of
age. And as for discipline, if this little girl is not entered
into a strict regime of intense discipline as soon as possible,
she will most certainly end up in one of our harshest juvenile
institutions. Believe me when I say that you will be doing her a
great favour by subjecting her to regular corporal punishment and
I will personally see to it that there will be no interference
from this department".

"Very well, Ms Woodhouse, if you would care to bring her to my
home, I shall examine her and decide if she is suitable. I
suggest you in instruct her to be on her best behaviour for if I
detect any hint of insurrection in her manner it will be back to
the correctional facility with her. Do I make myself clear?"

"Crystal clear, Mr Alexander. This is her last chance to be
accepted into foster care. She will be made well aware of your
requirements and the consequences of her failure to gain a
placement with you. And thank you so much for your consideration
sir. We shall be at your home within the hour".

You look up at a very glum and sober Ms Woodhouse as she hangs up
the phone. "This is your last hope of avoiding the correctional
house, Susan. According to the file, Mr Alexander has fostered
girls for us in the past and is very particular about what type
of girl he will allow into his home".

"Please Ms Woodhouse, I shall do anything and everything to
please him. I don't want to go to. well, you know where. Please,
just tell me what to do.

"Very well Susan. Firstly, you must be absolutely obedient. You
must not refuse any kind of order given you by Mr Alexander no
matter how unpleasant you think it may be. You must always refer
to Mr Alexander as either "Sir" or "My Lord" or even "Master" if
he so demands. Do not ever show pride or disrespect. Mr Alexander
will be given full authority to discipline you as he sees fit.
Remember girl, if he finds you unsatisfactory, you will be sent
to the 'you know where' where you will be treated as a common
criminal with no freedom and no hope for the future. This is your
final chance Susan Harper!"

You hang your head. "Yes Ms Woodhouse. I'll do everything you
say".

I open the door to the punishment cell to inspect its condition.
After all, it hasn't been used for over six months and with a new
occupant imminent, I need to check that all is in order. Upon
descending the iron spiral staircase, I survey the room with its
sandstone walls, restraining apparatus and instruments of cruel
corporal punishment. The timber flogging frame in the classic 'X'
shape is pivoted at its fulcrum allowing a full 360 degrees
rotation. It stands just a little over five and a half feet high,
the ideal size to restrain a four foot tall girl, with her arms
fully extended. It is mounted on a raised circular dais designed
to bring the body of my little victims to a more convenient
height for the application of the cat and the bullwhip. I check
the wrist and ankle straps. I do not tolerate any freedom of
movement that may afford any part of the body protection from my
hideous lash. The whip will fall when I decide, where I decide
and, with what force I decide to apply it. There are also an
assortment of spreader bars attached to chains and winding
ratchets. These are used to allow a variety of suspension
positions designed to give me unbridled access to the most tender
areas of my little victims' bodies, the areas I most love to
attend to. Satisfied that all is in readiness, I retire to the
bedroom to change my attire to something more befitting a
dominant in his role as applicator of severe corporal punishment.
Skin tight leather pants and Nazi- type jackboots are all that is
required. I'm naked from the waist up as I squeeze each of my
nipples to insert my favourite nipple rings. My chest and abdomen
are rock hard from years of dedication to physical fitness. My
skin is golden tanned and almost completely devoid of hair. I
admire my own body as I attach the coiled five foot bullwhip to
my belt.

You stare out the car window as the lights of the city and its
suburbs grow sparser until eventually there is only the headlamps
of other highway users to break the darkness. The car turns off
the main highway and ten minutes later turns again. Its been some
fifteen minutes since you have seen another house as Ms Woodhouse
veers into Mr Alexander's driveway. The house is a large old
country manor, eerie and uncompromising with its stone walls and
18th century architecture. It should be frightening to you, you
should be sick with fear, but in reality you have never been so
excited in your life. Words such as 'Sir, Lord, Master and
discipline' keep rolling over and over in your mind. What do they
mean? Why do you find them so arousing. You can't wait to find
out.

Ms Woodhouse ushers you to the front door and raps three times
with the knocker. You hear movement from within and slowly the
door opens. It is now that our eyes meet for the first time. But
words need not be spoken for we each know our place, the dominant
and the submissive, the master and the slave, the punisher and
the penitent. Ms Woodhouse is somewhat taken back by my
appearance but you are awash with excitement and anticipation.

"Mr Alexander?", she asks thinking that she may have the wrong
house.

"Yes, that's correct", I answer. "And you must be Mrs Alice
Woodhouse from the Department of Juvenile Corrections?"

"Please Mr Alexander, call me Alice. And it is MISS".

"My apologies Alice, and this must be Susie. Please do come in".

Alice pushes you through the door and into the hallway. I walk
ahead and indicate the direction of the grand study for the both
of you to follow. I offer only Miss Woodhouse a chair as you are
left to stand.

"Mr Alexander", Alice starts but I cut her off.

"Before we discuss the matter, Alice, I would like young Susan
here to be made fully aware of her status by assuming a kneeling
position with her back perfectly straight and hands placed upon
her head".

"Yes, of course, Mr Alexander. Susan!" She raises the pitch and
volume of her voice. "You heard Mr Alexander, kneel and keep your
back straight and your hands clasped together on the top of your
head until you are directed to do otherwise".

"Yes mam, yes Mr Alexander", your compliance is immediate.

"And further Alice", I continue. "As I said to you on the
telephone earlier, I will need to examine the girl before
deciding on her acceptance or otherwise, therefore I also require
her to be completely naked".

You are shocked.

"NAKED!" you scream.

"Is this the way she usually responds to a command?" I ask.

"Susan, immediate obedience", Ms Woodhouse demands and
reluctantly you begin to comply. One by one your clothes fall to
the floor until you are completely naked. "Now, on your knees and
hands on your head, girl".

"Yes mam".

"Would you care for a glass of wine, Alice?" I ask.

"Thank you, Mr Alexander, that is very kind of you".

I pour two glasses and we both sit comfortably to discuss your
immediate future.

"Well Alice, so young Susan here is in need of foster care".

"Yes Mr Alexander, if Susan is not placed before this weekend,
she will be deemed to be a neglected child and will be placed in
a correction facility for an indefinite period".

"Well, I may accept her, but under very strict conditions. First
and foremost, I am a strict disciplinarian and must be granted
complete discretion to administer punishment to Susan as I see
fit. I will not require a reason to punish Susan and disciplinary
sessions will not be limited in any way, in fact may even last
for several hours".

"Mr Alexander, the Department is well aware of the conditions you
place on your acceptance of placements. Not only do we condone
your actions but we encourage them. All too often foster carers
adopt a policy of appeasement when dealing with their charges.
Susan, for example has simply walked all over her last two carers
because they were far too soft on her. Why I doubt if she has
received more than a few dozen spankings and a couple of canings
in the last two years".

"I can assure you Miss Woodhouse, I have no time for trivial
punishments such as spanking and caning. It will be the whip, the
whip and more of the whip for Susan tonight".

"Then you will take her, Mr Alexander?" Miss Woodhouse asks
expectantly. "Yes Alice, I will, indeed I will.

The Inspection

"Come closer Susan", I command.

I run my hands over your kneeling little body, carefully
examining and squeezing your nipples. You arch your back and
thrust your chest toward my probing hands. I caress you gently
then run the forefinger of my right hand into your pussy. Your
very wet, wetter than I thought a girl your age could ever get.
You close your eyes and slowly begin to gyrate your little hips.
I desist from pleasuring you and pick up a thin whippy cane. I
point to your nipples and turn to Miss Woodhouse.

"I intend to punish Susan quite severely in this area". I move
the cane toward your pussy. "And also this area. Do you think
your department will approve?"

"Probably not", She answers. "But it makes little difference for
I DO approve and since I am Susan's case manager, it is I who
decide what is best for Susan.

"I also intend to invite guests to enjoy the girl's suffering
which will be very severe".

"Guests", you think to yourself. "I'm going to be put on show and
punished like never before in front of GUESTS! Oh god I can't
wait for it to start".

"Again I approve, Mr Alexander. Witnesses to punishment play an
important role in increasing the degree of humility suffered.
Although I do trust that the physical pain will be such that
Susan will eventually care little about her humility".

"I can assure of that, Alice. I can assure you of that!"
I place a dog collar around your neck.

"I think it is time Susan, to show you to the punishment facility
where I shall begin your training. I expect our first session
will last until morning, Alice. Would you like to stay as my
guest?"

"I certainly would, Mr Alexander, but alas I have other pressing
commitments. Perhaps in a week or so I may be able to drop in and
see how Susan is progressing".

"Of course Alice, then I can expect to hear from you then?"

"Indeed, I shall be in contact."

I escort Miss Woodhouse to the door leading you on all fours.
Your humiliation has begun. I bid Alice goodbye and turn to you.

"Susan, tonight is going to be a night you won't forget in a
hurry. I know that as yet, you have done nothing wrong or
breached any rules, but punishment here is not necessarily a
result of rule infringements or the like, but a result of my
desire for pleasure. And I am going to take great pleasure in
flogging you in every manner possible."

Your head is bowed and you begin to sob. "Please have pity on me
master". You don't know why you used that word, it just seemed
appropriate for the occasion.

"Come now Susan, your place in life is to suffer, suffer for the
pleasures of your masters. Now through this door and down the
stairs. Your are not permitted to walk down, you must crawl on
all fours like a dog".

"Yes master", you obey.

Susan's Destiny

With great difficulty you descend the iron spiral staircase on
all fours. I lead you to the instrument rack where you finally
realise the full impact of the reality of your plight. Ten
flogging instruments hang menacingly from the rack, the least
severe on the left and graduating to the most harsh and my
favourite, the heavy bull whip on the right. I allow you to
select the instrument that will be your bedfellow for the rest of
the night. To your credit, Susan you do not choose the lightest
whip but instead a medium range singled tailed flogger about four
foot long.

"Perhaps we need to work up to the heavy bull whip, Susan, and
this mini version is a perfect way to start".

"Yes master", you reply respectfully.

I attach leather cuffs to your wrists and lift you onto the
padded torture bench and take a cuff to your right ankle. Your
legs flop apart and I admire the little pink opening of your
hairless pussy while I secure cuffs to both ankles in turn.

"To the centre of the room and raise your arms, slave Susan", I
command.

You love that word SLAVE. Just the mention of it sends a current
into your pussy that gyrates around and makes your entire little
body shudder. Your compliance is immediate and I attach the 'O'
rings in the wrist straps to the slip ring on the end of the rope
above your head. Each ankle strap is similarly secured to short
ropes fastened to the floor. Next I crank the overhead rope
pulling your arms tighter and tighter until your are on tip-toes
and then finally off the floor altogether. I inspect my work and
admire your childish beauty before picking up the whip.

"Susan", I begin. "While your are a guest in my house you will be
flogged every day". I raise the whip and lash it down across your
arse. You take a deep breath and pull hard on your bonds as the
pain engulfs you. "Each flogging session will last a minimum of
on hour". CRACK. The lash snakes across your flanks and you let
out a little whimper. "Guests will be invited to witness and take
part in your whippings" CRACK, CRACK, your back and arse bear the
brunt of the next two stingers. You throw your head back and you
try to twist your body but, alas, you cannot. I move in front of
you and my arm raises. The whip snaps across your nipples once,
twice three times. I examine your reaction. Your are tough, very
tough, in fact tougher than any first-timer I've ever had the
pleasure of torturing in my hideous dungeon. "You shall be
flogged by two, even three people at one time and they will
afford you no mercy. CRACK one across your belly leaves a bright
red line in its wake. "You shall learn to pleasure me and others
whilst taking the whip. CRACK, CRACK two across your pussy this
time and eventually you scream out. But it's not a plea for
mercy. "You will even be flogged by young aristocratic girls of
your own age, girls of high breeding who will have little pity on
you as they relish in the pleasure of laying the lash across your
little titties". CRACK, your pussy bears the first of many. Your
pleading again, but not for mercy. I lay five more hard accurate
strokes into you cute little slit as your body twists and
contorts and your screams, your beautiful screams fill the
chamber. "You will be assaulted in very hole and treated like the
little slut that you are. CRACK, CRACK across your tits and a few
more for good measure. "Just forty- five minutes to go, Susan,
and I think it is time to dispense with this toy and introduce
you to the brute. You look in horror as I coil up the smaller
whip and replace it on its hook only to reach for number ten, the
heavy bull whip."

With just a grip on the handle, I let the eight foot beast uncoil
onto the floor. I take two steps back and crack it in the air. I
love the look of horror on your face. You're pleading again and
this time it is for mercy.

"Please master, you'll scare me for life, maybe even kill me with
that horrible thing".

"No, No dear", is my reply. "It is every bit as painful as it
looks, but I can assure you it will not scar you in any way that
won't heal with time, and, as for killing you, there may be times
when you wish you could die, but I will not be allowing you such
respite from your torture by terminating your life for
terminating your life means terminating your pain which also
means terminating my pleasure and we don't want that to happen,
do we dear?"

"No, master".

"Very well then".

I raise the brute and for you, a new experience in pain and
suffering becomes reality.

