I was looking over the list of those who said they were coming to our twenty- year high school reunion in two months. A vast majority of graduates still lived in nearby areas. Coming from a small school in a rural part of Texas most never moved on. Even those of us who did go off to college came back home to work in their career field in nearby towns.
I, myself had returned from college and now worked at Wilson, Lamar, and Greene. It had taken me seven years to become partner, working my ass off. I now had my name, Greene, on the financial planning company that I started working for fresh out of college.
Studying the list of those coming, I Flipped through my 'Class of 99' yearbook remembering what we all looked like back then. I looked nothing like that skinny girl in the yearbook. Having glasses and braces were bad enough, my parents being strict making sure I wore long skirt and blouses buttoned to the neck did not help either. I was the math and science nerd, and nerds were not cool.
I was still single, but it was of choice. Now days, I knew I turned a few heads of men. Being fairly tall, trim from doing aerobics, yoga and running for many years. I knew if nothing else my boobs caught attention, but I was almost always complimented on my long dark hair I kept in a tight bun or pulled back. Contacts had replaced glasses and the braces were long gone. I felt I dated a normal amount for a single career woman, but something was always missing. I had even been engaged once to a really nice buy, but that missing something had made me call it off.
Turning a page I saw Josh 'Coop' Cooper. Coop, as he was known to us all during school had been a star athlete since we were in Junior High. Co-Captain of the football team, Captain of the baseball team and the Boxing Champ for the school.
Coop was tall and muscular, brown hair and brown eyes. He caught the eye of most every girl in school it seemed. He was always the 'girls talk' back then. But who did he date, I could not remember? The things I remember were not pleasant.
While Coop was not the biggest douche in the school by far, nor was he exactly mean, he always popped my bra if he sat behind me in class or called me 'tin gin' about my braces. What made it worse was he had been such a dreamboat. It also seemed like I was the only one he picked on.
Reflecting, I realized that was the main reason I had grown to hate him. He was so adorable, but he picked on me. Other kids were far meaner to us 'nerds' in the class but most of the ones that had done the picking were losers themselves. Coop was dreamy and smart, so I had hated him when, I did not really hate the others.
Scrolling back through the list of those who were coming I noticed he was not on the list, not that I figured he would be. None of us had known how to get in touch with Coop or even if he were alive. I had hoped with all of us reaching out, someone had got in touch with everyone, even him.
I remembered Coop's parents were killed in a car accident just weeks before graduation leaving him alone. Coop had been eighteen so he could live by himself not needing an adult till graduation. Having no siblings, aunts, uncles or even grandparents he had taken care of himself. I just now also realized I had never given a thought at the time what he had done alone at home and him having to bury his parents all by himself, yet he still had come to school. Having picked on me or not, I felt a guilty thinking about it now.
Not one single person I knew had seen or heard from Coop since he had walked across stage. Instead of going back to his seat like the rest of us, when he crossed the stage, he had walked out the gymnasium doors and had never been seen again.
Rumors were rampant for a year or two that he had probably found a quite spot and killed himself. I remembered when Tammy Rhodes had told me that was the rumor, I had cried. Cried so hard for hating him. The bank had taken the land and house as far as any of us knew after he disappeared. Now I wondered now why the police never looked for him. Maybe because there was no one to report him missing.
A tear made it down my cheek at the thought about Coop. My hatred for him was long gone, but even back then, I should have helped, should have reached out when is parents were killed.
Pulling out my phone I initiated a group text with all my fellow reunion planners to see if anyone had any idea about Coop.
Over the next week or so it appeared nearly the whole class had been asked and nobody remembered Coop past graduation. He had not even gone to the graduation party.
I picked up the phone and called Brandi Martin.
"Hey Jenna," Brandi answered.
"Hey. Got a question for you."
"Shoot it girl."
"I been trying to remember who Coop was dating when we were in high school."
"Nobody."
"You sure?"
Brandi had been head-cheerleader and extremely popular, being gorgeous even then, so she was in the "In" crowd back then. Brandi had lived next door to us and had always been nice. We were friends even with her being popular and me a nerd. Back then she tried to get me to come to parties and things. My overly protective dad had always put a stop to me going out. It worked I guess, I did not end up pregnant, went to college and was partner in the largest financial firm in our area.
"Yeah girl, he never dated anyone. Ever. You know a lot of people thought he was gay. Not that they would have said it to his face," Brandi laughed. "He'd have kicked their ass." "Why the sudden interest in Coop?"
"Looking at the yearbook I can't help but wonder what happened to him. His parents died, he graduated and disappeared."
"Yeah I know Jenn. You know, I feel guilty that none of us really checked on him when they were killed. He was popular and none of us did. I mean he withdrew, even from Scotty, and well I guess we all just decided to leave him alone to grieve. Even Scotty doesn't know what happened and they were best friends. He just said Coop was gone is all he knew."
"Yeah I feel that way myself looking back," I said.
"Jenn, you can't say anything but..."
"But what?"
"Scotty told me a few years after we graduated that Coop's mom abused him a lot."
"Abused him how?" I was shocked that he had been abused. He seemed to always be smiling.
"She would get drunk would beat on him."
"How? He was so big and strong?"
"Scotty said he would just let her, that he wouldn't fight back because it was his mom."
"Oh god, that's crazy."
"Yeah."
I hung up with Brandi and sat wondering how you would even go about finding someone who had been missing twenty years. A client calling broke me from my thoughts, well it waited twenty years it would have to wait longer I thought.
Time drew on between work, friends, and family I had forgotten my mission to find Coop till I was sitting at the dressing table getting ready for the party. 'Have to wait', I thought again as I sat brushing my hair.
Seeing car lights from my upstairs window, I looked out and saw head lights coming from the garage at the end of the cul de sac. Someone had moved in just over two weeks ago. I had not yet made it around to introducing myself as I usually did to neighbors.
I had only seen a man, and the house was so far away from mine, I had not been able to tell much about him, just that from about a hundred yards he seemed cute. I figured he was probably here getting things ready so he could move his wife and kids here. 'Have to wait on that too,' I thought sitting back down to finish getting ready.
Pulling up to the hotel banquet area I saw many were already here getting name tags. I took my seat at the table to hand out name tags with Brandi and Alley who had already started and were checking people off the list.
Looking down I saw a name tag that had "Coop" written on it. My heart leapt a bit, looking at Brandi.
"I don't know... After talking to you I figured I'd make one. Kind of as a remembrance you know?"
I nodded and moved it over to the side by me.
Scotty Jackson came in with his adorable wife and hugged all three of us, Karen his wife, hugged us too.
Noticing Coops name he looked at me, "to bad he isn't here. He had the biggest crush on you Jenn."
Nothing in the world could have surprised me more than what Scotty had just said. "He what?"
Scotty laughed, "He swore me to secrecy back then, but yeah he was totally in love with you. Said he'd kick my ass and made me swear. I guess him being gone... Well he won't know I told you."
Both Brandi and Alley were staring at me and she could feel it. "Scotty that isn't funny," I told him.
"I'm not being funny, since we were in junior high, he had the biggest crush on you."
"He picked on me," I felt the flush in my cheeks due to a bit of anger and embarrassment.
"Yeah I know. He was just so awkward about girls he had no idea how to get you to notice him. I mean most of the other girls tried to date him, didn't you," Scotty said looking and Alley and Brandi.
They both agreed they had asked him out and he had turned them down.
"Yeah and everybody secretly thought he was gay. He only had eyes... Well he had a crush on you Jenn."
My mind was reeling. "What happened to him Scotty?"
"I really do not know. I never saw him after he walked out during graduation. He did not even go home I checked."
"Do you think he hurt himself," Alley asked what was on my mind.
"No I don't think so. It's like he just vanished."
Our conversation was interrupted by Jacob Stevens. Jacob was in Navy had been with the SEALs his mom had told us. He had left about two weeks after we graduated to the Navy.
"Why the long faces," he asked coming up?
"Wow," I said, "don't you look nifty in that uniform."
Jacob smiled, "This is my wife Samantha."
"Call me Sam," she said shaking our hands.
"I swung a little leave time to come, seven more months and I can retire," Jacob said. "It's a party, so why the long faces," he asked again?
"We were just talking about Coop," I told him.
"Oh? Is he here?"
"No Jacob."
"I figured he'd be here by now," Jacob said looking at his watch.
The group of us looked at one another then back a Jacob.
"What do you mean you thought he would be here by now," I asked?
"He said he was coming last night when I talked to him."
"You talked to him," I almost shouted. "Sorry, you talked to him?"
"Yeah last night," Jacob said.
"How?"
"One phone," Jacob said looking confuse. Jacob had pretty much been gone since graduation and nobody had asked him about Coop when he would come back to visit his mom now and then.
Scotty looked at Jacob, "Man this isn't time to be funny."
"I am not being funny," Jacob stressed.
"He has been missing for twenty years," Scotty added.
"Ah I see," Jacob said. "None of you have talked to him at all?"
No we all agreed we had not.
"Well, he enlisted in the Army and left the night of graduation. I bumped into him about fifteen years ago on a joint exercise between Navy and Army Special Operations. He was a Delta guy with SOF. We keep in touch now and then both being in the community."
Scotty looked at Jacob, "You're serious."
"Yeah man. I mean hell he retired and moved back here a couple weeks ago, none of you knew that?"
"Wait, do you know where he moved," I asked?
'How come he had not contacted any of us when he came back?' 'Why had he not even contacted Scotty I wondered?'
"No, just that he moved here about two weeks ago. Bought a nice house, he said."
We were all blown away by what Jacob had said but it was time to get things moving as more and more were coming in.
Everyone had pretty much made it in, and all were mingling, and no Coop. I wondered now if Jacob was not just messing with us or... Could Coop be alive, had he been in the Army all this time?
Everyone was seated and having dinner and still no sign of Coop. I realized I was really was more concerned with the one who was not there than the ones who were, so I forced myself to try and release the thoughts.
Dinner over and the DJ was ramping up for everyone to have fun and still no Coop but oh well, time to party. It was fun to visit and dance with old classmates. I took a small amount of pleasure I was no longer the nerdy girl, but semi-pretty I thought, and most everyone wanted to dance with me. I had not even gone to junior and senior proms, the one boy that did ask my senior year was king of the nerds and even I would not go with him.
A group of the girls that were the "popular" girls back then were dancing in the middle together, now making me part of their group us all laughing. The crowd laughing watching us. The DJ switching to a slower song more for couples, so we broke up our girls group.
I turned and bumped into a walking mountain. Looking up I saw a man I did not recognize, close cropped hair, neat and trimmed beard. My eyes were level with his beard. For some reason I seemed to notice exactly now neat it was, not a hair out of place.
"Excuse me," I said thinking I had bumped into one of the hotel security guys.
"May I," he extended his hand to me.
Looking up into his brown eyes, something remotely familiar in the bearded giant. "May you?"
"Have a dance with still the most beautiful girl in our class?"
My mind was trying catching up with what was going on and finally registering the surprise when I saw the name tag 'Coop' above his beast pocket.
"Coop?"
When he smiled, I could see it was him behind the beard.
Without thinking I stepped into his embrace him taking my hand holding it out, hand in the small of my back gently. Now that I saw it I could not unsee it, it was Coop. My mind had a million questions all wanting to come out, but his brown eyes held me. Warm as his smile they were.
"I am sorry Jenn."
"For?"
"Being the asshole to you. I was too scared, too stupid. Too much of a punk to tell you how beautiful you were then. Your husband is a lucky man."
"You were an asshole," I said with more venom in my voice than I meant.
"I know, I am sorry," Coop said breaking our dance to turn away.
"Wait," I said and looked into his eyes seeing the pain in them. Was it pain over me? Pain over how he acted or pain over something else?
"You can make it up to me by dancing with me."
His smile returned to our embrace and we started to dance again. By the end of the song I was leaned hard against his chest, my arms up around his neck, both of his hands gently on my waist.
He felt so solid to me, the muscle underneath his well-tailored suit evident.
"Never married," I said looking up into his eyes as the second slow song started.
He looked at me a bit questioningly. "Me, I never married," I said.
"How have you evaded some good man's snare all these years Jenn?"
Laughing and feeling the color of my cheeks, "Maybe none were good enough," I laughed.
"Never will be one good enough for you Jenn," the sincerity in his voice and eyes were overwhelming. Scotty was right, he had been in love with me.
The song ending and a faster song starting, "Well... Jenn thank you. Again I am sorry," Coop said starting to turn away from me.
I grabbed his hand, not saying a word, turned pulling him along with me. What was going through my mind was something I had never done. I led him through the crowd, I could tell most everyone was wondering who he was. Through the lobby I turned leading him down the hall of rooms either side.
"Where are we going Jenn?"
Not saying a word, I lead him on trying doors till I found a storage door unlocked and lead him in.
Coop was looking at me, I could tell lost at what was going on. I could not bring myself to say anything.
"Jenn?"
That was it, I was up against him pulling his head to mine. My lips finding his I pressed mine hard to his.
"Jenn," he tried again.
When his mouth opened, I pushed my tongue into his. God, he tasted so damn good. Soon his hands found my ass and squeezed. I felt myself on the verge of an orgasm just kissing him and feeling his powerful body against me.
Pushing his coat off his shoulders I went to work on his tie then his shirt. Our kisses now frantic from both. I bit his lip now and then as our kisses picked up passion us both breathing hard. One of his strong hands lifted me up sitting me on the edge of a shelf.
My hand were fumbling with his belt, then the button. His slacks dropped to the floor, my hands pushing at his boxers.
Coop's hands ran under my dress and along my thighs finding my soaked panties and yanking them hard almost getting them to me knees in one pull.
"Yes," I moaned leaning back and yanked his shirt completely open causing buttons to pop off. Coop stopped and finished yanking it open himself.
I pushed it off his shoulders and he finished removing my panties then stepped back between my thighs.
Looking into my eyes, "Jenn are you s?"
I cut him off pulling him to me, my tongue back in his mouth wrapping my legs around him and pulling him to me.
Coop picked me up pulling me to him too, his aching cock against my swollen wet lips.
"Please," I moaned a whisper.
Pulling me further his head splitting my soaked lips stopping his cock head in opening of my hungry pussy causing us both to moan. I had never wanted a man to fuck me like I wanted fucked right now. And this was the man that I wanted to do it. My mind said, 'Jenn it's right finally.'
"More," I moaned causing Coop to lift me completely and start lowering me down his cock.
"It's so hot," Coop groaned into our kiss.
"God, I've never been this wet before," I said as he brought me slowly down to his balls.
My head falling back. "Fucking thick, so fucking thick," I moaned and pulled myself back to him wrapping my arms around his neck.
"Fuck me Coop," I drove my lips into him finding his waiting tongue as he lifted me over and over up and down his cock. I could feel his muscles rippling in his shoulders as he bounced me up and down on his cock, both of us moaning from the sensations of the others body.
My orgasm was building like a runway freight train. "Fuck me! Fuck me baby!" I came so hard as he bounced me up and down. His sheer power was intoxicating.
I was panting and could feel my own juices dropping from me. He had moved me back to the shelf, sitting me down. He drove his cock deep and hard into my starving pussy.
I looked down to seeing his thick member, his cock seemed that its soul mission in life was to push me to the edge again. So damn thick and long, engorged veins sticking up I saw as he pounded me. Sweat was running down his hard chest, I saw a round scar on his right chest muscle.
Maybe from the excitement, his skillful fucking or everything combined when my hand touched the scar, my pussy clenched and I released a pent-up torrent spraying us both. I had never experienced a squirt till now.
"Yes," I screamed and threw my head back bumping the wall hard causing Coop to almost stop.
"No," I almost screamed at him!
It worked Coop drove harder into me and we were both reward with more squirts spraying from my convulsing pussy around his cock. His moans told me he was close. God hearing him moan was so sexy, never had she heard a man moan so much.
"In me," I panted.
His eyes met mine questioningly. I nodded and in two strokes it felt like his cock got thicker if that were humanly possible, making the veins were helping stimulate my pussy walls feel even better.
Coop fired his first rope of cum into my hungry pussy, that triggered my last orgasm.
Yanking him to me, I locked my legs behind him. Coop wrapped his arms around me, pulling me tight as he fired deeper into me than I had ever been penetrated, and I unloaded whatever it was hidden deep inside me. It was almost animalistic the way we came together. Clutching one another in a love making that was twenty years overdue.  
We held on to one another as our passion slowly eased down. Coop still buried in me, my legs holding him. I did not want to let go; I had just had something I had wanted for twenty years and had not known it.
Coop's lips were by my ear as we came down from our sexual high panting. "I have never loved anyone but you Jenn. Ever."
I pulled him back some to see his face, "I never knew Coop."
"I know. I was so damn stui."
I cut him off with a kiss, our tongues slowly dancing and gentle. I knew he loved me, the only man that had ever kissed me with his eyes open was this man in my arms now.
"I loved you too Coop, I never knew it till now. Something has been missing for twenty years. I found it tonight," I smiled looking into his eyes seeing love real, love for the first time. I felt it in my heart, for the first-time, love felt complete to me.
Slowly his cock softened as we kissed. "Never leave me again Coop. Ever."
His smile was so bright, and I noticed a small tear come down his cheek. "I've known so much bad, seen so many bad thing Jenn... I don't want to contaminate you with them."
"Never leave me again," I repeated brushing the tear off his cheek. "I love you Coop."
"Love you too Jenn."
We tried to get semi presentable which was impossible with his shirt buttons nearly all ripped off. He picked my panties off the floor to hand to me. I stuffed them in his blazer pocket like a handkerchief making us both laugh even more.
We kissed and I turned grabbing the doorknob then looked back at him. "Never."
"Never," he agreed.
I opened the door and about a good quarter of the guests from our party where in the hall and all started clapping and cat calling.
I know we were both read as a beet as they continued to cheer.
"About god dammed time you came home and you two got together," Scotty said shaking Coop's hand and hugging him.
"Hey. He is mine," I said hugging up against Coop.
You probably guessed by now the cute guy who had moved in down at the cul de sac was Coop. From that night forward we have never spent another night apart rather at my place or his till we sold them both and just closed on a house in a new subdivision together. We were married that next week, and now nine months later my water just broke. My combat veteran husband, who said he had help deliver baby in the back of a truck during a fire fight... Well, now he is freaking out, running around like he has no idea what to do thirty-nine- year-old wife about to have his child.
"Come on baby it's time to go, just calm down and drive me to the hospital my love..."