
 Office Exhibitionism II 

Jeevan <jeevan80@yahoo.com> 

To continue my narration, the next day I went to work in a sari. It was a light pink colored sari and my husband himself suggested me to wear it. I wore the sari in front of him as per his liking. He asked me to wear matching blouse of transparent material. Before that he handed me the Red coloured Bra that he had selected for me. The bra was clearly visible through the thin material of blouse and looked really inviting. The blouse was deep at the back and in front too, it just showed off my cleavage. I wound the sari tightly around my body, especially near my ass and off course below my naval. He admired it and said,  Ohhhhh Rekha! Your ass looks so prominent! Its so tempting that DC will caress it. Ohhh look at the belly button! Its so deep and sexy. I think today he will definitely make advances at you. Tell me all about it when you come back. 
He then kissed me lovingly and rubbed his hands over my back whispering that he loved me and wanted me to seduce DC. I applied dark tan lipstick to my lips and the earrings that I chose were circular and big. I looked in the mirror and I knew I was looking really sexy. I left for the office putting the high heels and that made my ass sway to far left and right and it gave me exciting feeling. As I entered DCs cabin his eyes showed approval. He looked at me from head to toe and his eyes stopped at my cleavage and then belly button. He asked me to turn around and as I swirled around he admired my provocative ass and said that I looked very nice and sexy. I asked him if I had dressed as per his code and every thing was OK. He said yes but that still some improvements were needed. After that we got to work. The day passed off swiftly it was a busy day and we could not talk much about each other. At the end of the day I asked him bout the improvements I needed in dress code. He mentioned that the sari paloo must be kept loose and not pinned up and the sari should be tied very tight around the ass. As I left 
for the day he told me that he liked my work and dress sense very much. He saw me off at the door and gently caressed my ass as I left and commented that I had a nice tight ass. I smiled and left swinging my ass even more knowing that he was watching me. 
That evening my husband wanted to know what happened and I put him off till bedtime. That night as I told my husband bout DC watching my large tits, bare back and my nice ass. I also told him that while leaving the office he caressed my ass. This made him real hard and he asked me if I liked it.  Yes dear! I loved his hands on my ass and wanted him to knead the flesh too. 
He rubbed his hands over my ass,  like this? 
 Yes but harder. DC is so strong you know. Rub them harder. 
He caught my but flesh in his hands and squeezed tightly. I moaned with the pleasure and my choot started to ooze juice, for DC. My husband then undressed me and asked me to stand naked before him. He proceeded to look at me from all the angles and admired me. I was so excited with all this that I thought I may come there and then. I rubbed my choot with my middle finger as my husband watched me. Looking at me rubbing myself made him very hard and he came near me and asked me to hold his lund while I rubbed my choot. 
 Ohhhhhh Rekha! Show your body to DC. show him your boobs, ass and even choot. Ohhhhh the way you are telling me! I know you love his cock. Do you know how big it is? Must be bigger and longer than mine. YES rub your pussy for DC. Imagine this to be DCs lund! 
This gave me explosive orgasm! The way my husband was talking! And the rubbing and watching! I had never had such a intense orgasm. After that I sucked his cock and made him fuck my tits. He rubbed his cock all over my tits and then I pressed them together and he inserted his cock in the passage and fucked my boobs hard. His cock rubbed on the skin and nipples and gave me second orgasm! He too came on my boobs and rubbed the come with his cock all over the surface. I loved the feeling of hot come on my skin and I urged him to fuck me. I mentioned bout the unpinned paloo and he became hard a gain. I then told him about the sari being tied tight around the ass and he turned me around and for the first time started to fuck my ass. As I told my husband in elaborate detail of my boss caressing and complimenting me on my nice tight ass and me walking away with swinging hips. He lubricated my ass and fucked me in the ass as never before. He came in my ass and at the same time really squeezed my large tits. I too soon came and as we lay side-by-side totally satisfied. 
The next day I went to work in my tight churidar. The material was quite thin and my bra could be seen and the neck was slightly deep. At work I left my chunni on my chair and entered DCs room. He was quite happy as I modeled for him and only commented that my sandals needed some improvement. During the day as we worked I figured out that he needed me to bend over exposing my large tits as I handed over papers to him. I also figured out that he liked to caress my ass as he instructed me on some work related procedures. And he liked to see me swing my hips as I left his room. Before lunch he called me and gave me an address and asked me to go and get myself some sandals. Apparently the shop owner was known to him and was expecting me. Since it was lunchtime the shop was deserted and the shop owner brought out the selection for me to choose from. All of them were high heels with the minimum being 4. DC chose this for me. As I bent over to try the sandals I noticed the shop owner looking at my exposed tits. I decided to give him a good show. I moved my chunni aside and bent over so that he could have a good look at my fleshy tits. He requested me to let him allow the high heels for trial and asked me to put my feet inside. I purposely showed him that I couldnt put them on without his help. So he caught my feet in his hands and put on the high heels. While doing so he caressed them and tried to touch the upper part of my feet too. This made me wet and I wanted to tease him more. I tried the high heels and I walked in his shop with the high heels, and with a swing in my hips. As I came near him I stumbled and pretended to lose my balance. He caught me by the shoulders and while doing so his chest touched my breasts. He looked at me with apology but I thanked him for preventing me from falling and smiled at him. I looked at his crotch and could see sizeable bulge. I was glad I did it! 
The high heels made my legs look longer and made my legs and ass feel tighter. There was also a definite swing in my ass as I walked. I asked him how it looked and was the fitting alright? 
Yes Madam! Its absolutely fine and you look and walk beautifully. But practice it out before you go out as these are 4 inch heels. 
As I prepared to leave the shop wearing the high heels he stopped me and said he had a small gift for me from DC. As I sat on the chair, he sat in front of me on the mattress and gently removed the high heeled sandals , and put on a silver chain around my ankles. He admired this and said that these things make me look smarter (sexy). As I was leaving the shop he called me in the inside room and asked me to phone DC to tell him I had selected one. I did that and while I was talking to DC the shop keeper was looking at my round ass and cleavage of boobs. His bulge had increased and I felt pity for him that I could not do anything for him. So before I left his shop I gave him a tight hug pressing my boobs on his chest and squeezing his lund in my fist over his pants. He moaned loudly and I felt his cock squirt. But I ignored that as I was not in a position to do more than that. 
Back at the office DC was quite pleased with the new sandals and very happy to see the silver chain round my ankles. He told me that I was only to wear high heels in the office. And some time later I was to have my nose pierced and have a few extra piercing in my ears. That evening as I showed my new high heels to my husband and told him about the piercing and the shop incidence, he got extremely turned on and we had a great fuck with me wearing my high heels all the time. 

Dear Jeevan, till this time DC had only caressed my ass , and put his arms round my waist and this made me feel good and wet. In the next part will tell you bout the time my husband invited him to our home and how we progressed further. 

With Much Love 

Rekha 
 