I have read so many stories on the subject of Gangbangs. For some reason I have always found the idea very stimulating but it was just a fantasy until very recently.

A little bit about me. My name is Christina. I'm 23 yrs old and employed in retail sales. I'm moderately tall at 5ft 8 and quite slim. I'm not a fitness fanatic so I don't have some of the curves more athletic women have, but I'm told that I am attractive. I have black hair down to my shoulder blades. I would like it longer but it becomes a nuisance to manage so I keep it shorter, but still long enough for a lover to grab a handful. I do have very nice breasts. They are a bit large considering how skinny I am but they stand up nicely even without support and they are well rounded. They have always been my best assets.

As far back as I can remember, gangbangs have been my main fantasy when masturbating. There's something about being the sexual centre of attention of a bunch of horny guys that really turns me on. Even though I had never done it with more than two men at a time before, I frequently fantasised that my lover was the last in a long line, even while he was fucking me. I love it when they pin my hands above my head and make me feel helpless to resist them. I've been tied up a few times during sex play and quite enjoyed it but it had never got out of control and was only ever with a single partner.

I was very nearly gangbanged a long time ago when I was 16. Things got very passionate with me and a roomful of about seven or eight boys around the same age. I was drunk of course and flirting with all of them. I was sitting on the couch between two of them who were taking turns kissing me. Eventually their hands started to roam and I was quite enjoying the feel of their hands running up and down my legs and squeezing my tits through my top. Bit by bit they got braver and my shirt was undone exposing my cleavage. Their hands moved higher up my legs and started rubbing my wet cunt through my knickers. My head was tilted slightly back and to the side as I was passionately kissing the boy on my left, who was also rubbing my cunt with his left hand. The other boy on the couch managed to get my bra undone. I don't know how that happened but I noticed as he lifted up my bra and let my tits out. Now they started taking turns licking and sucking my nipples while the other one was kissing me.

Soon after that one of the boys slipped a finger inside my knickers and started fingering me. I had kind of slid down on the couch a bit so my bum was right near the front. My knees had been pulled wide and the boy fingering me started slipping his finger deep inside me. He kept that up for a while which I was really enjoying in a dazed drunken sort of way, then he quite suddenly pulled his finger out and I felt my knickers being pulled down. I pulled my knees together as he stripped my knickers down to my ankles. Then he moved back up and took over kissing me while the other boy took over fingering duties. Both of them cooperated in pulling my knees wide again and it was at that point that I remembered that the room was full of other boys. They had been so quiet and I had been so preoccupied that I had forgotten they were there.

I started feeling a bit uncomfortable as the thought of being gangbanged crossed my mind for the first time. I tried to sit up a bit and pull my legs together but I was in a bad position for leverage and the boys were stronger than me anyway. I was still being tongue kissed by one of the boys and both of them had their free hands on my tits when I felt someone else fingering me. There was a third boy getting in on the action. I was getting a bit more scared now and actually started struggling for real but I couldn't close my legs because of the third boy who was kneeling between them. The boys were still gently restraining me, more by body weight than anything, when I heard the sound of a zipper.

Now I seriously panicked and managed to break away from the boy kissing me. I pulled myself up into a sitting position again and could see the boy in front of me had his cock out, inches from where my cunt had been only seconds before. Remember, I said that I was very nearly gangbanged! I stammered out some kind of apology, saying 'I can't do this' or something like that and got up and left, pulling my knickers up as I got off the couch. I was very upset at the time. I'm not usually a prick tease but on this occassion I was just too scared to go through with it. Give me a break! I was only 16!

One of the two boys from the couch came after me and gave me a lift home. He was actually very nice and ended up comforting me on the passenger seat of his car. About six inches of comfort as I recall.

For the next six years or so things were pretty tame. Don't get me wrong, I had plenty of lovers in that time. Even a few threesomes but I never put myself in that situation again. Yet through that whole six years and still now, being forcefully but nonviolently gangbanged has been my secret fantasy. I don't know why that is considering how scared I was when it nearly happened. There's probably some deep and meaningful reason. Ask a psychologist! Whatever the reason, I found myself repeatedly unsatisfied by my lovers. Whether they managed to go for an hour or two, or whether they lasted minutes didn't seem to make any difference, they always left me wanting more. Finally at the ripe old age of 22 I decided to do something about it!

I never thought that getting gangbanged would be so difficult. Just going out to a bar and finding the right size group of guys, in the right age bracket, who aren't hideously ugly, and with no other girls around is harder than you think. I don't think I was being particularly picky. I'm quite attractive so I didn't want to be screwed by a bunch of fat smelly drunks but I didn't set the standard very high. Just a group of average or better looking boys is what I was after. I deliberately hung out at night clubs that had the younger crowd in them. I figured a bunch of horny teenagers shouldn't be that hard to find and they weren't.

I met up with a group of about eight boys at a place in Sydney. They all looked to be around 16 maybe 17 yrs old. I was flirting quite outrageously and pretending to be drunker than I really was. I heard comments saying that I was 'gagging for it' and things like that. Which was pretty much the truth in this case. It all seemed to be going well. I got invited back to someones house and five of the boys turned up so the party continued. I was making it obvious that I wanted sex. I was kissing the boys I was dancing with. I was squeezing their bums and letting them squeeze mine. It was all laughs and giggles and lots of fun but it was starting to get late. Or perhaps early is more appropriate as dawn couldn't have been too far away. I started rubbing the crotch of the boy I was dancing with and he started getting more touchy as well.

I thought it was time to make my move so I 'staggered' and nearly fell over. I said I had better sit down before I fall down. I let a couple of the boys help me to the couch and pulled one of them into me for a kiss as I sat down. He was leaning over me and I was rubbing his crotch when he slid his hand up my dress. My knees flew open to give him better access and he took the hint and started fingering me. I pulled the other boy in closer and we kissed for a bit while I got fingered. I helped him undo my bra and he started sucking my tits with all the other boys watching and cheering. I really thought things would have gone by themselves from here but I still had to initiate everything. I reached for the pants of one of the boys and undid them. I pulled his cock out and started wanking him off while the other boy fingered me. When he was nice and hard I looked him right in the eye and said 'Fuck me'. He moved back a bit to take his pants off and I used that opportunity to remove my knickers and lie back with my legs spread. The boy that was fingering me had moved aside and his friend moved in between my legs. He knelt down on the carpet and slid his cock inside me. I was finally getting fucked. It seemed to have taken a lot of effort on my part, which is really unusual. I'm usually fighting them off!

The boy fucking me wasn't very big and worse, he didn't last long. He shot his load inside me inside of two minutes. As he pulled out, I let out a moan of frustrationand turned to the other boy. He still had his pants on! I undid his pants for him and took out his cock, he wasn't even hard! I started to suck him off but it took me ages to get him hard. Probably something to do with having his cock sucked in front of all his mates but eventually we got there. As soon as he was hard enough, I took him out of my mouth and guided him into my cunt. He didn't really seem to know what he was doing. He may even have been a virgin. Whatever he was, he was no expert lover. He slammed into me for a few minutes and then pulled his cock out and shot his load onto my stomach and tits. A couple of spurts even made it up onto my face.

As he pulled away I looked to see who was next but none of the others came forward. I even tried to wave one of them over but he just shook his head and turned away. I was left there hugely unsatisfied. I had been screwed for a total of about five minutes by two of the boys. The others weren't even interested. They were too shy or too scared maybe. I was hugely embarassed and once it became obvious that none of the others were going to fuck me, I got dressed and got out of there. They didn't even offer to drive me home. I did the walk of shame to the nearest train station and made my way home.

It was several weeks later that I made up my mind to try again. This time I would go for a slightly older group that might actually have the balls to go through with it. I dressed quite elegantly with a black dress and a plunging neckline. The shoulder straps were very thin but thickened out as they went down over each breast showing plenty of cleavage between them. The neckline plunged past my belly button which is pierced and has a saphire stud in it. I had a small black purse with a thin but long chain, just big enough to hold some money and my keys. I was wearing black lace knickers, no bra, and black high heeled ankle length boots. The dress was very short and really showed off my long legs. I was lucky this time and found a group of young men in their mid to late twenties at the first place I went to. It was a hotel bar and the men were all there for some kind of conference, which meant they had rooms in the hotel. Perfect! It didn't require much effort to insinuate myself into the group and the evening progressed pretty much as expected. I got quite a few drinks bought for me and lots of attention.

It was still early when I got invited back to a room and we continued drinking and partying. There were about eight of the original group that came back to the room and things were looking good. It was Michaels room we were in and he wasn't shy about hitting on me. I was responding to him and letting him know I was up for it, but I didn't want the others to think I had chosen just him, so I made sure to flirt with the other guys as well. A few of them copped a feel of my tits while we danced and I encourage them. It was Michael that took things a bit further though. While we were dancing he slid the strap of my dress off my left shoulder as he was kissing my neck. I think I surprised him, and the others, when I dropped my left arm and let the dress fall down on my left side, completely freeing my left breast. All the men seemed very appreciative! Michael wasted no time in getting a handful and playing with my bare breast and gently pulling my nipple until it was very pointy. He slid off my other shoulder strap and I let my dress completely drop to the floor which left me standing there in high heels and black lacy knickers and nothing else. I threw my arms around Michaels neck and kissed him while we continued dancing. Another one of the guys snuggled up behind me, rubbing his crotch against me, making me the meat in the sandwich between him and Michael. I saw a few of the men start to leave at that point and I said, "You don't have to go!" One of the men said something like "I'd love to stay darling, you're fucking gorgeous, but I'm married". This seemed to be the case with a few of the others as well, as the crowd of eight rapidly dropped to three men and me. I was hugely disappointed. It was obvious this wasn't going to be the gangbang I had planned.

That didn't stop the remaining men making their move the instant the door closed. As Michael continued playing with my tits, the guy behind me pulled my knickers down and I was left naked except for my heels. He slid his hand between my legs from behind and started fingering me. I was very very wet and his finger went in easily. A short time later Michael pulled away from my embrace and undid his pants. He pulled his cock out, which was an impressive nine inches and put his hand around the back of my head. He grabbed a handful of my hair and pushed me down. I obediently dropped down to my knees and took his already hard cock in my mouth. His cock was quite thick and I had difficulty deep throating him, but I managed and he seemed to enjoy it. I was gently playing with his balls with one hand and stroking the base of his cock with the other as I sucked him. It was only a few minutes before he let go a load of hot sticky cum into my mouth. Quite a lot actually. As he removed his cock from between my lips, I made sure to look up and show him my open mouth full of his juice before I swallowed it all in one gulp and smiled up at him.

I didn't even have to move position as the second guy stepped into Michaels place and I sucked him off in pretty much the same way. This guy also had a decent sized cock although not as thick as Michaels. When he shot his load into my mouth I was surprised, not by the amount, but by how thick it was. I have swallowed all consistencies of cum from thin and milky to thick and sticky but this was the thickest and gooiest I could remember. It had such a 'stringy' texture, I almost had to chew it!

The third guy was sitting on the couch stroking his cock and I crawled over to him and started sucking him off. It was another very large cock and I thought then, that perhaps guys with smaller cocks were shy about getting them out in front of their friends. Maybe that's why I got left with three well hung guys. This guy also had the balls to match! They were the biggest I had ever seen. They were actually heavy and hung down a long way. I suspected he was going to deliver quite a load when he came and I was right. While I was blowing him I felt someone get behind me and spread my knees. It turned out to be Michael. He had recovered from my blow job and he slid his cock into me and proceed to gently fuck me doggy style as I blew his friend. I had already been sucking the third guy for about five minutes, so Michael had only just got started when the couch guy let go a load of cum into my mouth. Talk about quantity! He was lying back and I was on top of him, so I wrapped my lips firmly around his cock just behind the head, and let him shoot up into my mouth. The very first surge nearly filled my mouth. The second surge overflowed it. Some of it went down my throat when I wasn't expecting it and I choked slightly, which caused cum to snort up my nose. Hot cum in your nose is an overpowering smell! A third surge of hot cum erupted into my mouth and I couldn't hold it all. Some of it leaked out and ran down his cock and onto my hand which was still wrapped around his shaft. As I took my head off his cock, I tried not to let too much more cum spill out but a bit more escaped. I threw my head right back and opened my mouth to show him my mouth was completely full of his cum. Some of it spilled out and ran down my chin. I had to swallow three times before my mouth was empty and then I started licking up the spilled cum. I cleaned up his cock and balls and licked the cum from my hand. There was still more cum which had run down my face and onto my neck. I wiped it up with my fingers and licked them clean as well. The whole time Michael kept fucking me!

The guy on the couch slid out to the side and I rested my head on my arms while I was bent over the couch. Michael started fucking me harder now that I wasn't sucking cock and I had to put my left hand forward to brace myself against the back of the couch. I slid my right hand down between my legs and felt Michaels cock as he slid in and out my wet cunt. I started rubbing my clit while he fucked me and I could finally feel my own orgasm starting to build. I am a major 'moaner' when I get close to coming and this was no exception. I was furiously rubbing my clit and moaning, or perhaps grunting is a better word, with every thrust of Michaels cock inside me. Michaels pace was quickening and he was slamming into me even harder.

When my orgasm finally happened, it was a beauty! I came so hard I got all hazy and for a moment I thought I was going to pass out! I don't know if all girls are the same but when I come, I become very sensitive for a while. If I was riding on top, I would have totally stopped moving until it subsided and then continued riding. Michael wasn't having any of that though. He appeared to be close to coming himself and he kept on slamming into my most sensitive area right at the most sensitive time. I had stopped rubbing my clit so I gathered in one of the cushions with my right hand and buried my face in it as I screamed out with unbearable orgasmic pleasure while Michael continued fucking me harder and faster. I was wrong about Michael being close to coming. He kept going for three or four more minutes and my orgasm continued the whole time! Michael had a tight hold around my slender waist and suddenly pushed hard up inside me and stopped. I could feel his cum splashing into me and felt his cock spasming with every jet of his hot juice into my cunt. I hoped he would stay buried inside me while my orgasm finally subsided but he almost immediately pulled out in one sudden move. I was still a bit hypersensitive and the sudden contraction of my ring made me squeal again.

What a sight I must have been. I lay there without moving, bent over the couch with my head buried in the cushion. I had my arse up in the air and my knees spread wide, wearing nothing but high heels. My cunt was quivering like a strummed guitar string and my whole body was shaking as my orgasm subsided with pulse after pulse of lessening pleasure, until finally it stopped and I just collapsed. I don't know how long I lay like that but eventually I realised everything was quiet. I slowly eased my knees back together against the protesting muscles and pushed myself back up off the couch and looked around. Michael was the only person in the room and he had had time to get his pants and shirt back on. The other two men must have left after I sucked them off and I hadn't even noticed. So much for this attempted gangbang! Although I couldn't really complain, I had been well and truly fucked!

Michael came over and helped me get to my feet. I needed the help! My legs were shaking almost uncontrollably for the first few seconds. It only took a few moments though before I was able to walk, albeit a little unsteadily over to Michael who was holding my dress. It was at that moment that Michael, who had been charming and sensitive all evening, surprised me. As he slipped my dress over my head and it fell into place, he simply said, "You have to go now". He handed me my purse and he grabbed my arm and walked me toward the door. He picked up my knickers from the floor and stuffed them into his pocket saying, "I'm keeping these". I barely had time to adjust my dress so that it properly covered my nipples when he shoved me out the door into the hotel corridor. I turned around to speak but the door was already closing. It all happened so quickly I was a bit stunned. A couple of minutes earlier, I was bent over the couch getting the best fuck of my life, and now I was standing in the corridor, looking at a closed door with cum running down my legs! To make matters worse, there was an elderly couple just about to enter a room across the corridor about five metres away. I turned and walked away as my face started to burn with embarassment. I walked very unsteadily towards the elevator and pushed the button. I refused to look around in case the old couple were still there. After about a thousand years the elevator doors opened, and thank god it was empty. I quickly stepped in and pushed the button for the ground floor.

As the doors closed, I turned and saw myself in the mirrored side walls of the elevator. My god I was a mess! If you have ever seen a woman with that 'just been fucked' look, you have some idea of what I looked like! I have no idea how so much cum got in my hair but there were globs of cum everywhere and my hair was sticking out all over the place. I ran my hands over my hair trying to smooth it down and remove the shiny white cum but my hair kept springing back out. My more immediate problem was the cum running down my inner thighs. It had gone half way to my knees, way past the hem of the dress. It wasn't brilliant white like the stuff in my hair, but I could clearly see the shiny wetness glistening off my inner thighs in the reflected lights of the elevator. I had nothing to clean myself up with, not even any underwear. I stretched my dress down as much as I could and used the inside of my dress to wipe away the cum from my inside thighs and pussy. Not the best idea in the world I realise, but I was in a rush because the elevator was nearly at the ground floor. I had cum on my hands which I had wiped from my hair and which now stained the front of my dress. A larger amount of cum from my pussy and legs, made a huge wet patch right over my crotch but there was nothing I could do as just then the elevator arrived in the lobby. It was still quite early. The lobby clock was showing 10:30pm and there were plenty of people around. I attracted quite a few stares as I walked as quickly as I dared across the lobby and out of the hotel. Fortunately there was a taxi waiting outside the hotel and I got in the back and went home. The taxi driver was way too friendly. He kept turning around to talk to me whenever he could. It was obvious he was trying to get a better look at my tits or a glance up my dress. He wasn't even being subtle. Maybe he thought I was a prostitute. The drive seemed to last a very long time.

When I got home I found a business card in my purse. Written on the back were the words, "If you really want a gangbang, meet me in the restaurant at 7:30 Friday and wear the same boots!" It took me a few seconds to realise what restaurant he meant. He could only mean the hotel restaurant. He must be crazy! There was no way in hell I was ever going back to that hotel or seeing that arsehole again after the way he treated me. I cleaned myself up with a long hot shower and got into bed. I still couldn't believe what Michael had done. Nobody had ever treated me so much like a slut, or been so disregarding of how I felt. He used me like a whore then threw me out of his room without even giving me a chance to clean myself up! I had been totally humiliated. Which is why I was quite surprised to find my hand wandering towards my clit. I was getting hot thinking about what had happened and ended up masturbating twice that night! I kept thinking about it all week and even had to go to the bathroom at work and masturbate a couple of times. It wasn't until Friday that I eventually made up my mind to go.

I wore a nice outfit but nothing like the sexy dress I had worn earlier in the week. I followed Michaels instructions and wore the same ankle length, high heeled black boots. I arrived right on time and Michael was already there. I was very nervous but Michael was being quite charming again and gradually I lightened up. We had a delicious dinner and a nice conversation.

After dinner Michael suddenly asked, "So how many guys do you want to take on?" He caught me by surprise with the sudden question and I said I didn't know. He said we would just see how it goes and that he would keep an eye on things to make sure it didn't get out of control. I actually felt reassured by that. I had absolutely no reason to, but I trusted him!

I thought we would be meeting some other men there in the hotel like last time but Michael had something different in mind. He told me he was taking me to a club. A very exclusive club. I asked if he meant a sex club. He said yes but it was mostly a B&D club, which worried me a bit. I'm not really into pain and told him so. Michael explained that lots of people who went weren't into the discipline side of things. They treated it like a fancy dress party and got dressed up in leather and chain and just had a good time. He said there would be some people there who were more seriously into it but that it wouldn't involve me unless I wanted it to. We established some ground rules from the start and I said if I was to come along there was to be no violent discipline of any kind. Not even a spanking. I agreed that a bit of bondage was ok and we reached an understanding!

Michael told me that he would be taking me as his 'submissive', and he would play the role of my master. Basically I was to be his sex slave! We went up to Michaels room and he had an outfit ready for me to wear. Everything except the boots since he didn't know my shoe size. Now it was obvious why he had me bring my own boots! I have to describe this outfit in detail because I want you to really get the picture. It was basically at first glance a black leather bikini. The 'Bra' had leather straps and was studded with metal rings. The cup on both breasts was clipped on and could be removed, leaving nothing but a harness in a triangle shape around each breast. It was surprisingly comfortable! The pants were a black leather G-string with ties at the sides, which of course left my arse totally bare. A very small triangle of leather at the front barely covered my pussy. The leather bikini bottoms were covered over by a short leather skirt which snapped together with press studs down one side. He strapped some leather bracelets onto my wrists and another set on my legs, just above the ankles. I looked a bit like one of the pretty slave girls out of Conan the barbarian movie. The bracelets had metal rings hanging from them at several points and an odd little hook attachment with a catch. Michael demonstrated that if the hook on both bracelets was hooked in to one of the rings on the other bracelet, it became a very effective yet comfortable set of handcuffs! There was no way I could reach back with my fingers to unhook the catch. Once I was ready Michael left uncuffed me and went to get changed. I couldn't wait to see what he would be wearing! To my surprise, when he came out he was wearing a very expensive looking but perfectly ordinary business suit, including a brief case. That hardly seemed fair! Michael gave me a fairly ordinary coat to wear on the way to the club.

When we arrived at the club, Michael got something else out of his briefcase. It was a dog collar and leash. I said 'you've got to be joking', but Michael explained that the collar and leash were necessary. They showed that I was his property and nothing could happen to me without his consent. He said if I walked around in there dressed as a submissive without an owner, anything could happen. I put the collar on! Michael attached the leash and walked me into the club!

I felt very conspicuous at first. The club was mostly men although there were a few other women there. Most of the women were dressed even more extreme than I was. Dominatrix types! Quite a few of the men were dressed up as well, mostly as submissives! Michael walked me straight to the bar and ordered us a couple of drinks. I was attracting a fair bit of attention from the men at the bar but played my role as a submissive and tried to look shy and subdued! It really was just an ordinary looking bar except for the people, although there seemed to be a few more secluded areas than normal.

There were several sections to the place and Michael took me on a bit of a tour. It was actually pretty tame. All the women I could see were there with someone, boyfriend perhaps, or maybe even their husbands. It could have passed for a slightly kinky fancy dress party. At least until we walked into an area where there were a few more people gathered and they were making quite a bit of noise. As we got closer I saw a topless blonde submissive on her knees giving her 'master' a blowjob! Something you don't see in your average bar! We stopped and watched with the others for a few minutes. Michael was chatting with a couple of the other guys and I was trying not to stare at the blowjob going on right in front of us!

We had been there for about an hour and had several drinks when Michael finally got things rolling. We were sitting in a shallow booth almost directly opposite the main bar. It wasn't a big booth, it comfortably sat two people with a small rectangular table between them, but if you squeezed, you could get two on either side and another at the far end. The padded bench seat in the booth was 'U' shaped. It wasn't a secluded position at all and I was feeling a bit 'exposed'. I slipped around to the top end of the table to sit closer to Michael but I was really after the cover which that gave me. Michael had to go to the bathroom and he took his end of the 'Leash' and hung it on a hook on the wall. He smiled at me and walked away. I suddenly felt very uncomfortable without Michael there. I felt like a dog tied up outside a shop while it's owner was inside. Apparently I was still out of bounds while I had the leash on though. Several guys came closer and checked me out but none of them tried to touch me.

Michael came back from the bathroom and told me it was about time I got my tits out! There were a few other women there by this time and about half of them had bare breasts. One even had exactly the same top I was wearing but without the cups but I hesitated about exposing myself in front of all these people. Suddenly Michael grabbed my arms and lifted them above my head. He attached my bracelets to each other and hooked them on to something on the wall behind me. He looked me in the eye and said, "It's about time you learned how to play the game! From now on when I tell you to do something, you respond with 'yes master' and do it, or there will be punishment!" As he said that, he reached down to the cups of my bra and unsnapped them both in one sudden move. I was 'chained' to the wall and my tits were out for everyone to see! A lot of clapping and cheering erupted from the guys at the bar just a few metres away. I could feel the colour rising to my cheeks and told Michael that I wasn't sure about this. He just said 'it's too late for that' and he gagged me! Michael held my chin and pushed something into my mouth. It was a very strange gag. It resembled a babies pacifier more than anything but it was made out of rubber and leather. It had a small rubber cock attached to a leather pad. The cock went in my mouth. The leather pad sat across my lips and was held on by elastic which Michael stretched over my head. The gag wasn't tight. I could still breathe around it. The cock didn't reach the back of my throat so there was no choking feeling. It just had the effect of keeping my tongue depressed. I could make noise but I couldn't form any words. Reflexively, I struggled as Michael moved away from me but that just had the effect of setting my breasts bouncing and I got another round of applause from everyone nearby.

Michael moved the table out of the booth, leaving me fully exposed to all the men at the bar. He left me like that for about ten minutes before telling me he was going for a drink. He took the dog leash, which was still attached to the collar around my neck, and hung it back on the hook on the wall. Michael went to the bar directly opposite and got himself a drink. He was chatting with the guys there and I could hear them telling him I had great tits and things like that. Michael invited them to come and check them out.

He came back to the booth and took control of my leash again. About a half a dozen guys came with him and Michael invited them to feel my tits. For the next few minutes I had hands all over my breasts as they all took turns cupping them, squeezing them, and pulling at my nipples.

When all the guys came over I had pulled my legs tightly together. Michael noticed that and told me to spread my legs. I obviously didn't respond fast enough or enthusiastically enough to please him because he said, "I can see you need another lesson". Michael got some thin rope out of his briefcase and tied it through the metal loops on my ankle bracelets. I could see where this was heading and sure enough my ankles were soon spread wide and fastened to the bench seat legs on either side of the booth. I had slipped forward on the seat when Michael pulled my legs wide and now my bum was just barely on the edge of the seat. I was mostly supported by my arms which were tied above my head. Michael unsnapped the leather skirt from around my hips and I was left with just my leather bikini bottoms.

The guys all took advantage of my helplessness and took turns playing with my breasts and rubbing my cunt through my soft leather panties. This went on for quite a while and eventually I stopped resisting! My arms were getting a bit sore from being stretched above my head for so long and I think Michael realised that. He told me that he was going to untie my hands but if I tried to undo the gag or if I disobeyed him, I would be strung up again.

One of the guys offered to buy Michael and me a drink. Michael accepted and when the guy came back with the drinks, Michael took the gag out of my mouth and told me to drink it quickly! My mouth was a bit dry from the gag and I gulped down the drink thirstily. Michael ordered me to thank the guy that had bought us drinks and I obediently said "thank you". Then Michael said "you can thank him better than that. Suck his cock!".

I hardly hesitated this time as I leaned forward in front of my 'master' and reached for the zipper of the guy standing in front of me. I took his cock out of his pants and started to suck on it. My legs were still spread wide and the rest of the guys were still playing with my tits while I sucked their friend. I tried to give good head to the guy I was sucking and it wasn't long before his cock erupted and hot cum splashed into my mouth. I held him in my mouth until he had finished spurting and made sure he and the rest of the guys standing around me got a good look at my cum filled mouth before looking at my master. "Swallow it" he told me, and I did.

One of the other guys said, "That's got to be worth a drink. What's she drinking?". Michael said "She's drinking cum, but I'll have a scotch". The guy nearly fell over in his haste to get to the bar. He was back in a minute with a scotch for Michael and with a nod, Michael indicated that I should 'pay' for it. Without hesitation I reached for the guys cock as he pulled it out of his pants and I started to give him head. This guy was pretty big and a little bit rough as he held onto my head and pulled me onto his cock. He was putting a bit of pressure on the back of my head and trying to go deeper into my mouth, so I fought back the gag reflex and swallowed him. He really seemed to like that so I kept doing it. I stroked the base of his cock with one hand while my other hand slipped down to my clit. I was so horny it took no time at all before I let his cock slip out of my mouth, gave out a long low moan, and had a shuddering orgasm. The guy wouldn't give me a moment to recover. He grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled my head back on to his cock. It wasn't long before a second load of hot cum filled my mouth and just like before, I showed it around before swallowing it.

I looked back at Michael with a 'see what a good girl I've been' look on my face and he smiled and pointed to the table next to him. It was full of drinks! There was about fifteen guys standing around me and it looked like all of them had bought Michael a scotch. As the realisation of what that meant came to me, another guy stepped in front of me and took his cock out. I was going to be swallowing a whole lot of cock!

That became my routine for the next couple of hours. As I sucked off the guys in front of me and they 'came' and went, others took their place. The guys were nearly always hard and ready from watching me give head, so it was only taking me a few minutes to suck each one off. I didn't come again. I must have sucked about thirty cocks in that couple of hours. My stomach was full of cum, and my jaw was aching but the crowd around us was bigger than ever. Some of the guys spurted a bit more as I took them out of my mouth, so I had cum on my face and in my hair.

As I finished off one of the guys and swallowed his load, I turned to Michael with a pleading look and said, 'I can't do anymore'. Michael nodded and said, "Yeah that's about enough". The guys weren't happy though and wanted more but Michael ignored them and I gratefully collapsed back in to my seat as Michael untied my legs. I was exhausted!

Michael got off his seat and came round in front of me. He hooked my leather bracelets back together but this time behind my back. I looked at him in surprise because I hadn't done anything 'wrong' but before I could say anything he gagged me again. Michael stood me up and moved me out of the booth. He replaced the table he had removed earlier and whispered in my ear, "I didn't want you to panic and change your mind'. Then he turned me around and bent me over the table. He spread my legs and tied my ankles to the table legs. I was sure he was about to fuck me as he undid the ties of my bikini bottoms and stripped me bare. Then he came around and sat down in front of me leaving my ass hanging out over the table with my cunt fully exposed to all the guys at the bar. He lifted my head an looked me right in the eye as he removed my 'Leash'. Then he loudly told the bar that my cunt was now open for anyone to use!

You should have heard the commotion. I couldn't see what was going on because I was facing in towards the bench seat that Michael was sitting on. My cunt was facing outwards, on full display to everyone in that part of the bar. It was just a few seconds later I felt a guy behind me, grabbing my hips and pushing his cock into my cunt. He had quite a big cock but I had no trouble accomodating him. My cunt was very wet!

There's really not much to tell about the next couple of hours. It wasn't gentle! Cock after cock went through me in much the same way. Cocks of all sizes and shapes. The guys tended to hold on to my hips or sometimes my waist, and drive their cocks into me really hard. I loved it! I couldn't talk but I screamed and grunted with every thrust of a hard cock up inside me. I came a half dozen times in the first hour. After that things just became a blur. I certainly wasn't drunk because I hadn't had much to drink. Maybe it was the continuous orgasms! I was just barely aware of being fucked but I noticed more when a cock was pulled out of me. I was going hoarse from all the grunting but I noticed that when I went quiet they fucked me harder! I guess it strokes their ego to think they are hurting poor little me with their massive cocks! So I squealed with pain/pleasure when each new cock entered me and I grunted loudly with every thrust of their mighty weapons into my guts. I wasn't really faking it, just exagerrating a bit! Eventually though I became less responsive and was just a fuck bag for their use.

The next thing I remember clearly was Michael untying me and helping me stand up straight. The bar lights were up and it was much quieter, although there were still quite a lot of people around. I didn't have my bra harness on anymore, not that it covered anything anyway! The leather bracelets had been removed from my wrists and ankles as well. The only thing I was wearing was my high heeled boots and the dog collar! I was very unsteady, my legs were shaking like crazy, although there was surprisingly little pain. Just stiffness from being in the same position for so long! Michael took my boots off, saying that there was no way I was going to be able to walk in those. He was probably right! Even barefoot I had to lean on Michael heavily as I walked naked out of the club with cum running down my legs. We picked up our coats in the foyer and went home.

Michael dropped me off at my place but he didn't stay. As the taxi pulled up outside my place and I got out Michael said, "Don't you want to know how many?"

It took me a moment to realise what he meant and I just nodded. He looked at me and said, "twenty seven blowjobs and thirty eight fucks", as he smiled and drove away.

At first I couldn't believe I had been fucked by that many guys in one night. I thought about it. It was about nine when we got to the club. It was about another hour before anything started. If my guess about the two hours giving head was right, then Michael had bent me over the table and offered my cunt to the bar sometime around midnight. I looked out at the first signs of the sky beginning to get light. It must be about 6:30am. Even allowing for the drive home, I had been continuously fucked for about six hours! That's about ten minutes per fuck on average. It sounded about right!

Michael himself never fucked me that night and I never saw or heard from him again.




If you liked my story, or even if you didn't, I always welcome feedback. 

Alison XXX 

e-mail:alisonames@live.com