Pink Part 2 (m/f inc slow)
By Pauley

If you haven't read the first part you can find it here: http://www.asstr.org/~Pauley/

---------

I was still lying on Alie's bed when she came back from her shower.  I think that startled her a little; when she came through the doorway she paused momentarily with a slightly surprised look on her face before marching determinedly in.  It also might have been the fact that I was still naked, too.  I saw her eyes lock onto my flaccid penis as she walked by, a sly smirk on her face.

I had been lost in thought, and didn't realize that so much time had passed.  I was thinking about our new relationship, Alie and me.  We'd been fairly close up to this point, doing some things together, but also having our own friends to do things with, as well as having time to ourselves.  Generally I really enjoyed spending time with her, as my older sister I looked up to her quite a bit.  She often seemed to know the answers to my questions, and if she didn't she took to time to help me find them.  To say that I loved her would have been an understatement.  In reality I couldn't imagine what my life would be like without her, and I didn't want any of that to change.  If anything I wanted to spend more time with her, but I didn't want to become the pesky little brother.

My eyes followed her as she came into the room.  She had a towel wrapped around herself that covered her from under her arms to mid-thigh.  She went over to her dresser and I noticed that the first drawer she opened was her panty drawer.  I was familiar with that drawer.  Now, she rummaged through the contents looking for a particular pair.  I was intrigued; which pair was she looking for?  I rolled to my side and propped my head up on my hand to get a better look.

Alie noticed my movement and her hands paused while her eyes looked over at me without fully turning her head to me.  Her pause lasted for a couple of seconds before she went back to her task without a word, finally pulling out a small pink and white garment and pushing the drawer closed.  She paused again, hands on the dresser drawer just closed, white cloth dangling from one finger, her eyes rotating toward me again.  I could see that her breathing was a little quicker now than it had been.  She turned her head towards me, slyly giving me a once-over.  She seemed to be trying to decide something, maybe whether or not to drop her towel in front of me.

We rarely were naked in front of each other.  Not because we were brought up to be prudes, exactly; our parents sometimes went naked around the house, but usually it was incidental nudity, going from the shower to the bedroom, or getting something from another room when getting ready for bed.  Several years ago we had a bit of a heatwave and for a weekend we all seemed to be much more comfortable wandering around the house nude.  I remember being quite interested in Mom's breasts at the time, I guess I was starting to take notice of that sort of  thing.  I also remember noticing that Alie still had the body of a little girl, her breasts were just little cones on her chest and no pubic hair covering her little slit, unlike Mom's developed body.  Mom's pubic hair was quite a bit shorter than Dad's, she probably trimmed it, and I could just make out the dark shadow of her slit at the bottom of her curly triangle.

I also remember noticing that Dad's penis was MUCH bigger than mine.  He also liked to touch my Mom more than when they were clothed, which I didn't understand at the time, but I sure do now.  I saw him squeeze Mom's breasts and bum several times, which often made her giggle.  She sat in his lap a couple of times, too, before saying it was too hot for that and getting her own seat.  I sometimes noticed that Dad's penis was even bigger at those times, which I also understand now.  I saw him looking at Alie differently a couple of times, too, maybe staring between her legs, or just watching her walk across the room.  He touched her a little more, too, but not really in the same way he touched Mom.  Sometimes he would just put his hand on her arm, or her back.  Nothing more than that.  Nothing more than Mom did to me at that time.  In the evenings when it was cooling off we would cuddle together on the sofa and watch a movie.  It was so comfortable to be in contact with each other like that.  I loved having my Mom's arms around me while I sat in her lap, or lay beside her with my head on her tummy while she stroked my back, or my hair.  Hmm, so nice.

Just like Alie has matured since then, so have I.  I started to grow pubic hair about a year ago, and instantly didn't like it.  It's something I've decided to put up with for now, though, although I trim it with a pair of scissors every now and then.   I don't really like having puffy pubic hair.  Sometimes it gets caught under my foreskin and gets pulled.  That's no fun.  My penis has also grown quite a bit recently.  I measure it every now and then, and thought it was really big until I found out that the measurement is about average for my age.  Oh well, it seems really big to me.

Finally having decided what she was going to do Alie turned her back to me and slowly, one side at a time, pulled her towel wide open, looking back at me over her shoulder.  Winking at me she dropped the towel, letting it fall to the floor at her feet.  She stood like that for a few seconds, her left leg slightly bent, up on her toes on that foot.

I couldn't help but stare at this beautiful sight.  Her arms, still held up, accentuated the lines of her body, her sides tapering in ever so slightly from her shoulders to her waist before flaring out again in the softest, gentlest of curves over her hips and back in again to her legs.  The indentation of her spine divided her back precisely, disappearing just where her waist tucked in and her bum started to flare out.  The top of the crack of her bum was punctuated by a cute pair of dimples, just above.  The crack of her bum continued down to the start of her legs where it flared out in a soft curve, seeming to divide her legs from her body.  There was a slight gap there, where her legs didn't quite meet each other at the top, leaving a little triangle. Not such a large gap that much light came though but I could make out some pinkness of her labia or her new-color hair in the darkness there.

She was all soft curves and beautiful lines and lying there watching her was really exciting.  I didn't realise that my penis had gone fully hard again until my eyes made it back up her body, back to her pretty face that was turned looking at me over her shoulder.  Her eyes were looking me over, too, but spent more time looking between my legs than anywhere else.  It was then that I noticed the tension down there, feeling the hardness that had grown.  I made it jerk once and watched her eyes get big and heard her intake of breath.  She'd watched it grow while I surveyed her beautiful body.

Finally she turned to face me, her hands each holding one side of the panties she had chosen and stretching them to cover her pubic area.  "You're the expert, Horny-Boy," she said.  "Will these be OK?"

I was trying to take it all in.  My eyes flew from her slyly smiling face, down to her gently curved breasts capped with erect pink nipples, along her flat soft tummy and down to the panties she was holding.  I was a little surprised by them, thinking that she would have chosen some of her more mature silky or lacy ones.  Instead the pair she was holding were white cotton with hot pink elastic openings and a smiling cartoon honey bee in the middle.  Very cute, but not the sexiest pair she had.

While I was taking in the sight and thinking about the panties she quickly stepped into them and pulled them up her legs, wiggling her hips to get them into place.  They were just a little small on her, but not enough that they cut into her and ruined her flowing curves.  I then realised that they were a very small pair of panties.  They were what you might call a low hipster, coming just halfway up her hips and leaving a lot of skin above including the points of her hips.  They were actually incredibly sexy on her, and very brief.  The waistband really only came to the top of her patch of pubic hair.

"Oh my god, Alie!  You are so incredibly sexy." I told her honestly.

She gave me a beaming smile and turned to show me the back, swinging her hips as she did.  So amazingly sexy.  I was again reminded of the tension in my penis; I'm not sure that it's ever been that hard before.  I couldn't help but drag my fingers over the shaft as I watched Alie, her eyes watching my fingers.

"OK, Horny-Boy," she said finally.  "Go have a shower, you stink.  I'm leaving for the mall in 20 minutes with or without you."

I had forgotten she said she was going to meet Katie at the mall, and upon remembering that I was surprised that so much time had passed since Mom had left.  I guess what they say is true: "time flies when you're having fun."  I wished we could just stay home and have some more fun, but I guess Alie didn't want to stand up her friend.  Having sex with your brother is a tough excuse to pass off.

I got up reluctantly, and, before heading for the door, gave Alie's bum a few pats as she stood looking through her shirt drawer.

"Go on, you," she said, not really chasing me out.

When I was dressed and ready to go I found Alie in the living room waiting for me.  She had dressed in a pair of jean overall shorts and a pink t-shirt.  I was a little disappointed with the overalls as they weren't very sexy, although I know she liked them because they were comfortable.

She stood up and came over to me, and noticing my disappointment, put her arms around my neck.  "I wore these just for you," she said pulling away a little and turning to the side.  Her hands went to the hip, where the bib attached to the shorts part, and I noticed that it was quite loose there.  Standing as she was I could look down inside and see that her t-shirt ended at about her navel and there was a large expanse of skin down to the pink waistband of her little panties.  My penis started stiffening again.

Tentatively I reached out and pushed my hand into the opening, laying it on the soft skin of her tummy.  Alie let out a little sigh and her grin changed as her lips parted.  I moved my hand down further, down and down, finally finding her panties.  I pushed my fingers under the waistband and felt the crinkly softness of her pubic hair before she twisted herself out of my reach, my hand coming back out.

"Naughty Horny-Boy," she said with a twinkle in her eye.  "Sorry these aren't very sexy, but I thought you'd like it if you could have a peek now and then," she winked.

"I love that, Alie, thank you," I kissed her on the cheek.  I looked critically at the overalls.  I really did like the access, but they were still a little unflattering to Alie.  "You could make them a little more sexy if you want."

"Really?  How?"

"Well, girls always look sexier when their pants are tight to their crotch.  These are close, but they're a little bit baggy there.  I bet you could tighten the shoulder straps a little to pull them up."  There was just a short distance to go, and it looked like the straps were almost all the way down.

Alie grabbed the sides of her overalls and pulled them up so that they were tight to her crotch.  I was right, that was much better.  Not only was the curving-under of her crotch more defined, but the leg openings were a little tighter now that they were further up her thighs, too.

"OK, lets try that," she said, continuing to hold the garment in the right place.

I reached out and adjusted the straps through the buckle for the new fit and stood back for a look.  Now the look was defined by her shape, rather than the shape of the baggy overalls and it was much sexier.  I put my hands on her hips and turned her side-on to me and had a look into the gap again.  The view was a little different now, but in the right position I could still see the expanse of skin down into the darkness to where the pink of her panties glowed.  I turned her around and noticed that the full shape of her bum was now quite defined.  It might have been better cinched in a bit at her waist to give more definition to the flare of her hips, but that would have taken away my view and I didn't want that.

"This is just for you," she told me, looking at me seriously.  "You can look in here any time you want to," her fingers holding the gap open.

"You make these overalls incredibly sexy," I told her.  "You are a really beautiful and sexy girl," I said looking into her eyes.

She threw her arms around me and hugged me tightly.  "You're so good to me," she said, a little hitch in her voice.  After a few seconds of holding each other closely she released me and stood back.  "We'd better get going or we're going to miss the bus."  She took my hand and pulled me towards to door.

--

We were a little late by the time we got to the mall.  I was very surprised to see my friend Justin sitting with Katie in the food court.  I'd never seen these two spend any time together other than when they both happened to be at our house at the same time.

"Here they are, finally!" Katie said as she saw us approaching.  "I thought I was going to have to listen to Jussy tell me again how much better Grandma Lynn's fries are than Burger Master," she indicated the two fast food French Fry containers on the table in front of them.

I could see Justin wince a little at the truncation of his name.  He was about to make a retort when he noticed Alie's new hair color.  "You both dyed your hair!" he observed, looking back and forth between Katie and Alie.  "I was telling Katie that hers looks like she's got some blood in her hair, looks like she's been in an accident.  Yours looks great, though, Alie.  You look like a subtle Lady Gaga.  Very nice."

I looked at Katie's hair, and her normal brown hair was now tinged with red giving it an Auburn look, but quite red in some places.  I really liked it, and told her so.

"Finally someone with some sense," she said to my compliment, looking back at Justin with a there-you-have-it look.

"He would say that," Justin said back to her.  "He's just trying to get into your pants."

"Well, he just might," Katie said, standing up from the table and giving me a kiss on the cheek before looking back at Justin to see his reaction.  She was satisfied with the shocked look she had garnered.  "Come on, Alie," she took my sister's hand.  "There are some cute skirts I want to show you."

I had a big smirk on my face and adjusted my shirt as I looked over at Justin's surprised face.  I then looked over to Alie and she had her hand in front of her mouth suppressing a laugh at the whole proceeding.

"Don't get into trouble, boys," Katie said over her shoulder as the two walked away.

I sat down in Katie's vacated seat as Justin and I watched the girls walk away.

"That girl is crazy for me," Justin said turning towards me with a big smile on his face.

"If you say so." I started eating the left-over fries.  I was suddenly starving, and little wonder after the morning I'd had.  Justin waited while I got some lunch, and I hoped Alie would have something, too.  She must have been as hungry as I was.

While I ate Justin told me that he'd run into Katie while looking for me and decided to wait with her since he figured I might be coming with Alie.  They had talked quite a bit while waiting, it was the first time they'd really spent much time together.  I reflected that they both had similar playful attitudes and even though they were probably verbally sparring the whole time, I bet they would get along well.  It did seem that Katie was trying to get a rise out of Justin when we arrived, and that was a good sign for him. I knew he had liked her for a while now, and often asked me about her since she was often over at my house.  He often asked to sleep over when he knew Katie was staying with Alie, but usually our parents didn't want to deal with more than one extra kid in the house.  Lately, though, they'd been OK with it, since we were older and didn't need so much supervision and entertaining; we could handle that ourselves.  Usually the girls kept to themselves, though, and didn't really want us around.

After eating I grabbed an extra sandwich in case I ran into Alie and we headed down the hall to see what was going on.  There weren't many kids there for some reason, we only ran into a couple of people we knew, but no one we liked enough to hang out with.

As we walked past clothing store Justin poked me in the shoulder.  "There's the girls," he inclined his head through the door.

I looked over and saw them going through the racks and chatting.  I remembered the sandwich so we headed in.

"You couldn't stay away from me, I see" Katie said to Justin as we drew close.

"Get a room, you two!" Alie rolled her eyes.

I walked past the two who had started eyeing each other up like a pair of lions about to fight over a rack of girls skirts and showed Alie the sandwich.

"Oh my hero!" she said throwing her arms around my neck and kissing my cheek.  She suddenly got self-conscious as the other two pairs of eyes turned our way, her cheeks getting a little pink tinge to them as she pulled away.  She held up the sandwich, showing them what she was so excited about, saying: "I'm starving."

That seemed to be enough as the other two went back to sizing each other up.

"Be careful of short skirts with your chicken legs," Justin said turning from Katie and looking through the rack.

Katie made a clicking sound with her tongue, her hand going to her hip indignantly.  "I don't have chicken legs!"

Justin pulled a skirt from the rack and gave it to her before going back to thumb through some more.

"And I don't need your help picking out clothes!"  Katie was about to put the skirt back on the rack when she got a look at it.  It was a short pleated skirt, mostly black with some red streaks.  "But I'll try this one on, just to make you happy."  Her hand stroked the material, obviously liking it now that it was in her hand.

I looked at Alie and we giggled together while she powered through her sandwich.  Justin picked out a couple more skirts, one of which Katie vetoed, but most of which were quite cute, and she seemed to agree.  I tried to pick a couple for Alie, too, most of which she didn't like.  She did agree to try two of them, so that was good.  I also found her a couple of summer dresses.  One was empire-waisted which she used to wear when she was younger and I was curious how it looked on her how that she had hips and breasts, and the other was just a very light material.  I thought I might be able to see through the latter one and was wondering if Alie would even try it.

"OK, OK, that's enough," both girls said at about the same time.

"Do you need us to pick you out some panties, too?" Justin asked after them as they headed to the change rooms.  All he got in reply was a glare from both girls.

We both wandered over that way, hoping that they'd come out and show us ones they liked.  The changing room area was off to the side and accessed down a little hallway.  From there there was a T-junction with changing rooms in both directions.  As we reached the intersection we could hear that they'd gone into a room down the far end to the left, so we walked a few steps in that direction.

"Oh, this is cute," came Katie's muffled voice.

"Let me see," Justin called.

"No way!  Get out of here!" came the reply.

"I picked it out, I should get to see how it looks."

After a long pause with some whispering Katie finally said "OK, I'll show you.  Wait there."

A small gap appeared in the curtain and Katie stepped through it.  I tried to see if I could see Alie in there, maybe in those tiny little panties, but the opening wasn't big enough.  Anyway, Katie was there in the black and red pleated skirt that Justin had picked out.  It did look really cute on her.  Even the white shirt she had on, that she was wearing earlier, looked really good with it.

"Wow," we both said at the same time.

Katie did some model moves, prancing back and forth and sticking first one hip then the other out.  She even made some pouty faces that made us giggle.  At one point she spun around quite quickly and I saw a hint of her white panties underneath.  I guess she wasn't sure if we'd seen anything because she grabbed the hem of the skirt and did some dancing lifting it more and more as she did.  The whole time she was watching Justin for his reaction.  I was enjoying the show, too, though.  Finally she went back behind the curtain with one final flip of her skirt.

"Alie, do you have one to show us?" I called.

"OK, just a sec."

The curtain flipped open, maybe more than Alie meant to because we saw Katie's white panty-clad bum as she changed.  Alie strode out with the curtain closing behind her and struck a pose in the thin summer dress.  It was thin, I was right.  It was probably meant to be worn with something else underneath it, because I could clearly see her nipples where her breasts pressed them against the material.  I could also see the outline of her panties, especially with the pink openings, and I thought I could even see the bumble bee.

"Wow," we both said again.

"It's kinda transparent," Alie said, still standing in front of us in her pose.

"Yeah, I can see your panties," I said needlessly.

Alie shrugged, then reached up under her skirt and pulled her panties down and stepped out of them.  "Better?" she asked winking at me.

I couldn't quite make out the color of her pubic hair, but I could see it.  It was almost as though she was naked in front of us, just with a dark blue tinge to her body.  I looked over at Justin to see what he thought, and his eyes were running up and down her body trying to take it all in.

"Ahhh...." I said.

"Wait a second," Alie said holding up a finger and disappearing behind the curtain.  There was some giggling and whispering that followed, and a minute later Alie reappeared.  She was still wearing the dress, but this time she was wearing a white slip underneath it.  The slip was shorter than the skirt, so you could see her legs from her upper thighs, but she was nude no longer.

"I figured it would need this," she said smiling at me, letting me know that she'd picked this slip out knowing she would need it under this dress.  That thought was all the more sexy, knowing that she wore that dress without anything under it on purpose.  Tricky girl.

"Nah, it was better before," Justin said, one of us finally getting our tongue back.

"Silly," Alie lightly pushed him before going back into the change room.

Justin and I stood there for the next 15 minutes or so, watching the girls prancing in front of us, showing their cute outfits and quite often their panties.  I guess Katie didn't want to be upstaged by Alie and came out once without panties on, letting us both get a good peek under the skirt she was trying.  I had wondered if Katie had dyed her pubic hair like Alie had done, and now I knew that Katie didn't have any pubic hair to dye.  Sexy girl.

By the time the girls came out dressed again in the clothes they had arrived in I had a huge hard-on, and I'm sure Justin probably did, too.  Both girls had big smiles on their faces knowing they had teased us so mercilessly.  They strode right past us headed for the check-out counters, both buying some of the things they had tried, and casting off the rest.  Alie was buying the summer dress and the slip, and Katie had a couple of skirts.  I was looking forward to seeing it all again.

As Alie walked passed me I took the opportunity to look down into the gap in her overalls, my eyes following her smooth skin down into the darkness past her waist.  I looked up into her eyes and she was watching me, a little smile on her lips knowing I was peeking.  Just before she turned her head she gave me a big wink.

--

"I feel sorry for you, Man."  Justin and I were standing in the mall while the girls finished their transactions in the store.

"Why zat?" I was a little curious what he meant.

"For me there were two sexy girls giving us a show in there, but for you it was one sexy girl and your sister.  Seeing your sister dressed like that is kinda boring.  I've seen my sister naked lots and it's not like seeing someone like Katie naked."

"Yeah, but your sister's a bitch, I wouldn't want to see her naked either," I punched him in the arm playfully, hoping to divert the conversation a little.  His sister was a couple of years younger than we were, and she was a complete brat.  Whenever I was over at their house she seemed to go out of her way to make fun of me for something.  Besides, she was just a kid, hardly a good comparison.  "I still thought it was pretty exciting.  Alie's pretty, and she's got a nice body.  She doesn't put on a show like that at home, so it's kinda like she's just another girl, you know?  Besides, Alie's cool.  And it was great to see Katie like that."

"Aww, she's you sister!  That's kinda gross.  She really did surprise me, though, with that see-through dress she wore.  I never thought I'd ever see her in anything so revealing.  She usually dresses so conservatively, like those overalls she's wearing.  For some reason they look really good on her today, but they're still just overall shorts.  Not very exciting."

I guess he was so focused on Katie that he hadn't noticed the gap in the side that gave a good view inside those overalls.  Too bad for him.

"You and Katie seem to be hitting it off today."

"Yeah, I've liked her for quite a while, and I think she likes me.  She keeps giving me these looks, you know?"

"Yeah, I know those looks."

When the girls arrived they were both smiling, obviously they'd had a chance to chat about the show, too.  "You guys want to catch a movie?" I asked.

Everyone thought that was a good idea, so we headed for the theater, Katie and Justin pairing up and continuing to tease each other, Alie and I following along and giggling at them.

Inside the theater Justin lead us to the back row, but before going in he grabbed Katie's hand and pulled her along with him.  She gave a little surprised squeal, but followed with a big grin on her face.  With the other two occupied Alie took my hand and followed Katie towards the middle of the row.  We had a box of popcorn for each couple, so we made ourselves comfortable and chatted quietly waiting for the movie to start.

We had allowed the girls to choose and it was a romantic comedy, which usually neither Justin nor myself would have chosen, but, you know, maybe chivalry's not dead.  Or maybe it was something else...

Soon the lights were out and the movie rolling.  I reached to the popcorn tub Alie was holding in her lap and found it empty already.  I guess we'd still been hungry.  I moved my hand to Alie's thigh, the view of which the popcorn tub hid from Katie and Justin.  I looked over at them and they wouldn't have noticed anyway; Katie was leaning over the armrest with her face stuck to Justin's.  I nudged Alie a little and pointed towards our seatmates and she looked back at me with a big smile on her face, suppressing a giggle.

Suddenly she got a serious look on her face, and after a second or two pause, she pressed her lips to mine, holding them there for a few more seconds.  I couldn't believe what she was doing.  What if our friends looked over and saw us.  As soon as she pulled away I looked over her shoulder and saw that the other two were very preoccupied.  I looked back at Alie and she was looking at me still, looking into my eyes to see what I thought of what she'd done. I found it really exciting, adrenaline pumping through my veins with the thrill of kissing Alie and the risk of doing it when our friends might see.  I couldn't help myself and leaned in, pressing my lips to hers.  They felt moist and rubbed against mine easily.  I could hear her breathing coming fast through her nostrils, as was mine.  It scared me a little and I pulled back in case we have pushed our luck too far.  But we hadn't, they were still very preoccupied.

My hand was still on Alie's thigh and I squeezed there, enjoying the feel of her skin under my fingers.  I guess Alie enjoyed it too, because she put her hand on top of mine and squeezed, too.  I kept lightly rubbing my fingers in little circles on the smoothness of her inner thigh until she suddenly pulled my hand away.  I was really disappointed and looked over at her to find her looking back at me, her bottom lip lightly grasped between her teeth.  She pulled my hand up a little and then back towards her body.  I had no idea what was going on until she put my hand onto her side, then I realized that my fingers were pointed into the gap in he overalls.  She was giving my hand access where she had given my eyes access earlier.  I was in heaven.

I moved my fingers around, feeling the fabric of her shirt on my fingers and the fabric of her overalls on the back of my hand.  I pushed down a little bit and felt the hem at the bottom of her shirt, and more soft Alie skin below that.  I let my fingers wander, moving back and forth as well as further down inside her overalls.  I could feel the softness of her tummy, the indentation of her belly button, the rounded edge of the belly where it met the plain of her hips.

A little further on my fingers met the crinkly softness of her pubic hair.  I was expecting to meet the waistband of her panties, but nothing so far.  I looked over at her with a bit of surprise and she just gave me a smile and her wink, shifting a little lower in her seat at the same time.

I pressed on a little further, letting my fingers entwine with her hair, skimming over the top of it and feeling it's fluffiness, pressing through it, rubbing it against her skin.  I ran my fingers into the sloping valley, that leg-of-the-V that led down between her legs, following it with my fingers, before moving back up and over her hair again, and into the valley on the other side.

Alie was gripping my arm rather tightly with one hand, but still holding the popcorn tub on her other thigh, hopefully blocking the view of my hand wandering around inside her shorts in case someone happened to look at us.  I glanced over at the other two and found them still kissing, but with Katie's back to us I wasn't sure what else was going on there.

I continued pressing my hand lower into Alie's pants.  The valleys on either side of her pubis were getting closer together, and Alie's breathing was coming faster.  She was squirming around a little in her seat trying to guide where my hand was going but I wouldn't let her control the pace.  Finally I felt the indentation that was the top of Alie's slit.  I pressed my finger there, trying to push between the folds, wiggling my finger back and forth slightly to help.  There was a sharp intake of breath beside me and Alie put her head on my shoulder for a second before looking back to the screen and trying to control herself.

Now that I had found the right valley I couldn't bring myself to leave it.  I pressed downward a little further, following her folds as they went down between her legs.  Alie suddenly moved a bit, pulling the bottoms of her overalls down and making some room for my hand in the crotch of her pants.  I paused for a few seconds to be sure that our neighbours didn't notice anything, but then went back to my assay.  I was just an inch or so down her slit when I decided to try to press between the lips again.  I wiggled my finger back and forth and pressed inward.  Suddenly my finger was surrounded by wetness and warmth.  I could feel her lips on either side of my finger, and smoothness underneath it.  I was amazed at the amount of wetness I had encountered.  I though Alie was wet this morning, but she seemed even wetter now, if that was possible.

Because of the lubrication my finger now slid around with no problems.  I slid it up and down, feeling and being amazed by all the folds of skin she had down there.  I hadn't had a chance to have a look at what she looked like here, so I was trying to let my fingers do the exploring.  I moved my finger back towards the top of her slit, keeping some pressure on my finger to keep it between her rubbery soft lips.  Towards the top of her slit I found a hard thing.  I remembered my Dad telling me about a girls clitoris, and that made sense now.  He told me that a girl likes to have that spot rubbed, like a boy likes to have his penis rubbed.  So I did that now.  I moved my finger over the top and back down again a couple of times, hearing Alie take in and hold her breath, and feeling her pelvis jerk towards my finger slightly, and her grip increase on my arm.

Enjoying her reaction immensely I decided to just rub there for a little while.  I absolutely loved being able to make Alie move around as she was doing under my fingers.  I looked into her face and her eyes were closed, her lips parted and her breath coming in gasps.  Oh Alie, I loved her so much at that time, I wanted to give her all the pleasure in the world.

But I also wanted to explore.  I wanted to feel with my finger where my penis had gone earlier.  So I regretfully left Alie's clitoris.  Her eyes opened and looked at me as my fingers moved down her slit.  I couldn't help myself and leaned in and kissed her full on the lips.  I had pressed my lips there for a few seconds when I felt the tip of her tongue poking at me.  I'd heard of French Kissing before, and knew what the process was, but I'd never done it before.  But suddenly I understood, I wanted so badly to feel Alie's tongue against mine.  I parted my lips and opened my mouth slightly, accepting her tongue, inviting it in.  I was suddenly filled with a great passion, I wanted to consume her.  I sucked on her tongue as it entered my mouth.  I moved my tongue against hers, wrestling with it, feeling it's texture and strength.  I didn't want this to ever end, but Alie pulled away.  I looked into her eyes and she into mine, but then she turned away and looked towards Katie and Justin.  Luckily they were still occupied, but when Alie looked back at me she had a slightly concerned look, along with one I'd seen earlier today; passion.   I remembered the risk, though, and didn't go back for another kiss, although I really wanted to.

I then realised that my fingers had been idle while we kissed.  I put them back to work.  I moved down further, down and around the corner when finally I felt her opening.  I hooked my finger a little to feel it and pressed inward.  I could feel her warmth completely surrounding my finger now, her wetness everywhere.  I pressed in as far as my finger would go, feeling the soft smooth warm wet walls of her vagina.  Alie had closed her eyes again, her breath again ragged.  I moved in and out like my penis had done.  I pushed and pulled, moved in circles, stretched her, let her go.  I pulled my finger out and felt the different texture at the opening, swirling my finger around it.  I could tell how much Alie was enjoying it, and could tell also that she was climbing towards an orgasm.

I moved my finger away from her vagina, moving back up her slit between her lips until I could feel her clitoris again.  This time I moved my finger around it with abandon.  I wanted Alie to have a great orgasm.  I also wanted to see if she could suppress her moaning so that she didn't attract attention.  It would be tough for her, but I figured she could do it.

I wiggled my finger back and forth over the tip.  My hand was rather constrained in her pants, but I moved as I could.  Alie put her head on my shoulder again and whispered in my ear: "Faster."  It was the sexiest whisper I'd ever heard, and sent my finger flying around her clit.  Her warm breath was blowing directly into my ear and sending me mad, her little moans doing their part, also.

Suddenly she stiffened against me, her legs closing slightly on my hand.  She had been sighing little "Oh"'s in my ear, and now they stopped with one last "Oh!" that was drawn out for the duration of her first contraction.  She was being as quiet as she could, and trying to keep the wiggling of her pelvis to a minimum, and she did a good job.  I kept up the finger movement until her hand clamped onto mine, keeping me from moving and pushing my fingers hard against her clit.

She wiggled a few more times, then every muscle in her body relaxed.  Her hand went loose against mine, her head fell to my shoulder, her breath blew against my neck with a sigh.  I relaxed my hand too, and twiddled my fingers around just a little, but that brought her hand back to steady mine.  I know I get very sensitive after I come, and I guess she did too.  I slowly and gently pulled my hand from inside her pants.  She sighed a little as my fingers left her slit and dragged over her pubic hair and along her tummy.

Once my hand was in open air again I realised that my fingers were really wet.  I lifted them to my face, to see what she smelled like and inhaled her pheromones that made my head spin a little.  She didn't have a very strong smell, but I really liked it.  Alie watched as I did it and breathed a little "Ew" into my ear.

"You smell delicious," I said, touching my finger to my tongue to see if she tasted that way, too.  Her juice was very slippery on my fingers and against my tongue, but didn't have a lot of flavor.  I noticed she was still watching me so I stuck my fingers in my mouth and sucked them clean.  Looking into her face she wasn't as scandalized as I thought she'd be, she was actually smiling at me a little.  She looked into my eyes and gave me a wink.

I looked over at the other two and they were still pretty engaged.  It looked like Justin had his hand on Katie's breast and was rubbing in circles while they kissed.  I looked up at the screen and the movie was coming to and end.  The two main characters were kissing (without the breast pawing that was going on beside us) and everyone was smiling.  It looked like another happy ending.  But not for me: I was still as hard as a rock and dying to come.  Alie reached into my lap and squeezed my penis through my pants and whispered "Later" to me with a smile, just before the lights came up.

I headed for the bathroom to wash my hands in case someone noticed the strange smell in the air, and Justin followed me in.

"I can't believe it!  I just got to second base with Katie!" he enthused.

I didn't want to tell him that I'd hit a homer this morning and a triple during the movie so I just grinned at him and said "Lucky you."

"Sorry again to leave you with your sister.  I hope you guys enjoyed the movie at least."

"Ah, it was a chick flick, what can you say?" I deflected.  I hoped he wasn't going to ask me anything about the plot because I had no idea, either.

---------

I have some ideas for continuing this story, if anyone is interested in reading more.  Let me know what you think, I'd love to hear from you:
pauleyf@gmail.com