It's too hot and muggy for the fire, but it keeps the bugs off and the girls always say how pretty it is. Jason's shoulder presses hot and solid into yours and there's nowhere on earth you'd rather be than right here, right now.

"They aren't subtle about it are they?"

"Huh?" You turn your head to look at Jason and he's right there inches from your face. You look down at his mouth, up to his eyes, and back down again mesmerized as he licks his lips.

"The girls, do they think we're stupid?" He leans in the rest of the way and brushes his lips to yours.

You press your forehead to his and shrug. The girls went off somewhere, they always do, so what?

"Timmy, what do you think they're doing?" Jason breathes the question into your ear and tugs your ear lobe with his teeth. It sends shivers up your spine and goose bumps down your arms. You look down the hill and sure enough, the girls have disappeared. You know this is probably your best chance for the rest of the night, so you sling one arm around his shoulders put the other hand over his heart and tackle him to the ground.

You're almost the exact same height so your faces, chests, and dicks line right up. "I don't know, Six. What do you think they're doing?" You lick along his throat and nibble on the side of his jaw, he loves it when you do that. Loves to feel your stubble rasping against his - something no girl can give either of you.

"I think," Jason gasps and slips both hands between you to unfasten your jeans. "I think they're doing what we're doing."

You stop wiggling your jeans past your hips and stare at him. Your already hard dick gets harder than steel as you picture Lyla's dainty little fingers sliding inside Tyra's pussy. "Jesus, Jason."

You're dick to dick now, slipping on sweat, sliding sticky and sweet as Street paints the prettiest picture you never imagined.

"Yeah. Bet they're kissing nice and slow - all tongue, no teeth." You lick your hand and reach down and stroke both of you up and down to ease the way a bit, then let go and rock against him again. "Tyra - Tyra would just go for it, wouldn't she?"

You grunt in response and drive harder against Jason. "Fuck, Timmy - that's good." Jason strokes his hands over your ass and squeezes tight, pulling them apart a bit and stroking one finger over your entrance. "Lyla's not wearing panties tonight." You stop rocking and let that – and the tip of Jason's finger - sink in.

Jason, the unfair bastard, takes advantage and flips you over on your back and takes both your dicks in hand and jerks you slow and tight. "So Tyra can just reach down and slide on in. Think Tyra'd do that Timmy? Do you?"

Think? Think? You're supposed to think and talk right now? With Jason's thumb running over the head of your dick? You nod and spit into your hand and bring it down to meet Jason's. See if he can think with both of you stroking.

He grunts and twines his fingers with yours. You're both fucking up into your joined hands. You lean up a bit to kiss. He nibbles your lips and slides his tongue inside between words that drive you closer and closer to the edge.

"Lyla loves having her nipples pinched and tugged and getting her pretty pink pussy licked until she screams. She doesn't like to return the favor much, uses her hands instead. Bet Tyra makes her. Bet she pulls her hair until her face is buried right where she wants it and won't let go until she comes."

That's it. You're coming all over both your hands and Jason's right behind you. He brings your fingers to his mouth and licks until they're shiny with spit and your dick is twitching, ready for more. When he's finished, you straighten your clothes and he downs half a beer and hands you the rest. You finish it off and throw it in the fire.

"Jason?"

"Yeah?"

"You really think that's what they're doing?" You can't get the picture out of your head and wonder if maybe you could catch them at it.

He shrugs and stares at the fire. "Me and Lyla, we're getting married one day - but I'm not giving up you and me. So if she is, there's not really anything I can say about it, is there?"

"Man. That is so Brokeback." You say and struggle to your feet. "It'd be a whole lot more fun if we could all do it together." You laugh as Jason's jaw drops, glad you could paint a picture for him. "I'm gonna go see what they're up to."