By the time dinner shift was over and Sam still hadn't returned to the hut, Daniel began to worry that more than embarrassment, or even simple offense, was keeping her away. He could remember when a young Captain Carter, barely a colleague, not yet the friend that years of shared experience had made her, might have chosen avoidance instead of tackling this sort of personal minefield. But he'd thought they'd gotten past that. He'd thought that after more than ten years as teammates and friends, whatever the issue, they could at least talk to each other.

But as early evening turned into full night, Daniel decided that trusting in Sam's eventual forgiveness should not keep him from apologizing for putting her in an awkward position in the first place. And it was, he admitted to himself, only cowardice that made him delay facing that music as long as he had. Outside the mess hall, he told Jack not to wait up, then went to find Sam.

As he'd expected, she was in her lab, tinkering with what he thought was part of the transmitter the scientists were trying to rig up so they could eavesdrop on Earth. He didn't think, however, that the particular computer chip appreciated how hard Sam was banging on it. "Go away," she said, not even turning to look at him. Daniel wasn't surprised that she knew it was him. "I don't want to hear whatever excuses you have."

"No excuses," said Daniel. "I came to apologize."

"You—apologize?" Sam asked, looking up. Her eyes, which had widened in confusion, narrowed again. Clearly, she'd been expecting something entirely different and wasn't quite ready to change tracks. At least she seemed willing to listen, though.

"Apologize," Daniel confirmed. "Even college sophomores know it's gauche to let themselves be caught by a roommate in flagrante," he said, disappointed when his phrasing didn't even coax a small smile. He continued determinedly. "And then there's the whole professional behavior angle. As embarrassing as it was for us, you must have felt—"

"No," Sam flatly interrupted. "No way. Don't you dare stand there and tell me how I feel, Daniel. You have no idea." Her stare was hard, accusatory. But she was the one to break it, looking down at her hands after a few moments. She seemed to huddle into herself, and it made Daniel's heart hurt to see it. "You really don't know me at all. But apparently that's mutual."

"Sam—" What could he say? "We wanted to tell you—"

"But you didn't," she said, focusing on her computer parts again. "Were you worried I'd be shocked? Let me tell you, nothing you could have said would have been as shocking as seeing it in living color. Nothing." One of the parts crackled ominously, and Sam swept the pieces onto the floor. "Or were you worried I'd be jealous? No, let me guess, the oh-so-considerate General wanted to protect me from having his secrets on my conscience. Well, you know, fuck you. Fuck you both." Her voice cracked under the weight of her anger, and she fell silent.

"Sam, please…I never meant for this to happen this way."

"But it did. You made this bed, Daniel. You and…him. And it looks to me like you've had no problem lying in it before now. So just…go. Go back to him and leave me alone. For what it's worth, I'll keep your secret. Whatever you might think of me, I won't be the one to jeopardize all that we've worked for," she said pointedly.

Daniel winced. If anything, this conversation was going from bad to worse. At any rate, he didn't think Sam was in the mood, now, to listen to anything he might say, even if he knew what to say. Clearly, she needed more time to cool down. He'd be better off if he did as she asked and left her, before he made things worse. But some part of himself just couldn't let it go. "It was a mistake," he repeated. "And I really am sorry. Jack, too. I'll go now, but Sam…" Don't let this come between us, he wanted to say.

"I'll pick up my kit when you're out," she said, coolly now, turning back toward her workbench again. "I don't want to be in the position of invading your privacy again. You can be alone together. What you do is none of my business, and I don't want to know. Goodnight, Daniel." She picked up a soldering iron and began to work with great attention; Daniel was not even certain she registered his "goodnight" in return.
*
Cam walked onto the bridge of the Hope and sat down in the captain's chair with a contented sigh. Another successful mission, even if they were only delivering from Point A to Point B. Every mission that avoided complications was a success in Cam's book.

"Let the traffic controller know that we're ready to leave orbit," Cam said. This market planet had no 'gate, but it was more advanced than most, and actually had a whole list of procedures for ships.

Balinsky nodded and radioed the message, listening for a response. "We're cleared for departure," he said. "But they've asked that we clear the system before engaging the hyperdrive."

"No problem," Cam said. "Bosworth, do your thing." He heard Bosworth chuckle and felt the slightest tug as the ship started to move.

"Thirty seconds to system edge," Bosworth said.

Just as Bosworth put his hand over the hyperdrive controls, the proximity alarm went off. "Talk to me," Cam said.

"Al'kesh," Dixon said. "Weapons are active."

"Lucian Alliance?" Cam asked.

"One way to find out," Balinsky said. "They're hailing us."

"Audio only," Cam said, sitting forward in his chair.

The radio crackled. "Unidentified ship," the voice said. "Stop and prepare to be boarded."

"Under what authority?" Cam said.

"This ship has been identified as one involved in illegal action against the Lucian Alliance."

Cam frowned and muted the audio. "Can we get out of here before they fire?"

"Probably not," Dixon said. "The engines warming up will give us away. We can use the fire-first trick again, but they're probably packing more heat then we are."

"Go for it," Cam said.

"Firing…now." Unlike last time, the other ship already had its shields up.

"Any effect?" Cam said, but Dixon shook his head. "Bosworth, get us out of here." The other ship fired, and Cam was thrown forward in his seat.

"Shield strength took a hit, but no damage yet," Gates said.

"Let's not do that again," Cam said. "Bosworth?"

"Opening hyperspace window now."

The ship shifted forward, but just as they started to enter the window, there was another impact against the rear of the ship. Alarms were blaring, and Cam was thrown completely out of his chair. He caught himself on the edge of the navigation console. "Gates?"

"It's affected the engines," he said. "We've made it into hyperspace, but we aren't going to get far."

"Take us as far as we can go," Cam said. "I don't want them following us."

"I can give you another five minutes, then I'll be pushing it harder than I feel comfortable with," Gates said.

"You're the expert," Cam said. He sat back down on his chair. "Balinsky, as soon as we drop out of hyperdrive, I need to send a message to the base. Not too much, in case it's intercepted, but we need to let them know we're still out here."

"Wells, I'm going to need a hand," Gates said, and they hurried off the bridge. The rest of the team worked in silence. They dropped out of hyperspace exactly when Gates had planned. There weren't any planets on the screen.

"Bosworth, where are we?" Cam asked.

The way Bosworth's shoulders hunched wasn't reassuring. "I'm…not entirely sure."

"Well, great."
*
"So, I have good news and bad news," Carter said after they'd sat down. Jack noticed that she was still sitting at the other end of the table, even though it was just the two of them. She was perfectly professional, but there was an air of detachment to her that was bleeding into her interactions with everyone, not just with him and Daniel. Jack wished there were something he could do to get through to her, but he knew trying to talk to her would only make things worse.

"Whatever order makes the most sense," Jack said. She didn't even crack a smile.

"We've managed to build a device to hook up to one of Earth's satellites to transmit news reports to our location. Once it's hooked up we can see if there's some way we can have it browsing the internet, too," Carter said. "Unfortunately, we don't know how to get it onto a satellite without the chance of being spotted, and we still haven't figured out how to mask the signal it would send."

"You said there was good news?" Jack said, and then realized that she'd likely take it as an insult. And the way her lips suddenly became pinched meant that was exactly what she had done. "Sorry, I didn't mean it that way."

"It's fine," she said, but they both knew it wasn't. "The good news is that we've decided on another project to work on while we give this one a rest. We're going to try to get back in contact with Atlantis by building a device similar to the one you used to contact the Asgard."

"Do you think Atlantis'll have more information?"

"They might," Sam said. "Or they might have ideas about how we can finish the device we've made. And once we know what we're up against, they could be able to help."

"How do we know they won't turn around and tell Taylor—or whoever's in charge—where we are?" Jack said. He could tell Carter was taking each comment personally, but there wasn't anything he could say to change her mind.

"It's a risk we might have to take," Carter said flatly. "When push comes to shove, Woolsey will do the right thing. He's always been a stickler for the rules, sure, but Pegasus has a way of teaching people what's really important." The look on her face said that she wasn't just thinking of Woolsey. "And anyway, Atlantis was already being cut off before we left. That should work in our favor."

Jack linked his fingers together and rested his chin in his raised hands. "Have we heard from Mitchell yet?"

"Not yet," Carter said, frowning. "Paul went to the market planet, and we know they got there and made their delivery, but they got into some trouble with a Lucian Alliance ship when they left."

"Put together a search plan to see if we can find them," Jack said. "And get working on the Atlantis plan."

Carter nodded curtly and stood. Jack pursed his lips, and as she passed he placed a hand on her arm. "Yes?" she said sharply.

"When I poke holes in your plans, I'm just trying to make them better," Jack said. Carter would know this, having commanded her own team, research facility, and base in the last few years, but maybe hearing it aloud would jar her bad mood. "I want you to succeed."

Her answering nod was even shorter than the first, though how that was possible Jack didn't know. He took his hand away and let her go.