The strangest things happen during the hot summers. The loss of boyfriends and girlfriends, the loss of time or perhaps to much time? Of course, there is always that summer "fling" that no one forgets. There is one "fling" that deserves a remembrance...

It was a hot June day, the sun bright in the sky. I really hadn't taken notice to anything that day, my boyfriend having left me the night before for my best friend. I still couldn't believe that my older brother, by a year, had came into my room and comforted me. Nevertheless, I had decided to go out on our patio and get some sun. Not wanting a whole lot of tan lines, I wore my skimpiest swimming suit, and just laid there on my front. I suppose you could say I had a lush body, many of the guys in the neighborhood, and at school, had often taken the time to look at me. So I suppose it was inevitable that my brother would be watching me from his upstairs bedroom. I didn't know it just then, but he was rather enjoying my string bikini and my tan body.

Soon, it was getting hot, and I could hardly stand to be in the sun any longer. I got up from where I was, and went into the kitchen. There, my mother and father sat with their normal coffee in the middle of the day. I simply walked past them and headed upstairs. I got to my brother's room and couldn't help but notice a very strange noise. I listened closer and he was... moaning my name?! I couldn't help but open the door a bit and watching him stroke his long member. I had never seen anything like that before. My eyes almost fell out of their sockets, I quickly closed the door. There was a certain eroticism I couldn't help but like, and I listened a bit longer. Finally, I opened the door and walked in. He quickly covered himself up as I threw on the "oh my!" look and turned around. Secretly I was liking this... a lot!

"Rita! Oh god! I... get out!" He yelled at me as I ran out like I didn't want to see it.

Not long later, my mom came upstairs to tell me and Rob that she and my father were going out for dinner, we would be all alone for the night. I smiled a bit, hiding it as my brother looked a little uncomfortable. As soon as they pulled out of the drive way, I did my magic. I hadn't had any good action in a month or so, and a knew my brother hadn't either, if he ever did. He was a wonderful looking guy, don't get me wrong, his body was built and smooth, but he just wasn't the type to wanna do a girl. Thus, I put on my smallest belly shirt, and a white thong that was a bit small to draw him in more. I skipped downstairs with a tape in my hand. He had gone to go get some popcorn. I placed the tape in, got a blanket and put it over my legs as he came and sat down. Like we normally do, I let him have some of the blanket as I turned on the movie. There, on the screen was a very nice Porno. His deep brown eyes looked at me with a question of "wha?!" and I just smiled.

"What? It isn't like I haven't seen you now... no biggy, right?" I couldn't help but smile a bit.

"I... I guess so... but sis..."

"What? I'm a big girl, plus... I've already had sex."

"With who!?"

"Paul... though... I have to say... it wasn't what I had hopped it to be." I knew this would attract his attention, and it did, hook-line-and sinker.

"What do you mean?"

"Well, you see, Paul was all about getting himself good action, didn't really feel good for me."

My brother's eyes almost fell out as he took a moment to look me over. I innocently uncovered my rear, I knew for a fact he was a butt kind of guy, and thus I let him see it. He swallowed hard, looking back to the movie as I watched him. I noticed his slowly growing bulge, and I softly turned and lay my head upon his lap. He looked surprised at first, then set his hand upon my cheek and trailed his fingers over it. I smiled, liking that feeling, and secretly, I was starting to get really "hot" if you know what I mean. My brother moved a bit, and I stood softly. He looked at my long thin body, he swallowed hard again.

"um... sis... you are... like... naked..."

"What? If it bothers you, go ahead and do it too." I said with a hidden smirk. Watching him take off his shirt, I looked back to the movie. "What is it like to do that?" I asked as a girl was giving some guy a blow-job, I knew very well what that was. I watched him shift a bit once more, and so I got down on my knees, going between his legs. "Can I try?"

He didn't have much time to say no, I brought down his PJ pants, taking his already hard cock into my mouth. He gave a moan, his hips coming up a bit. His cock was the biggest I had ever seen! It was at least a good 8 inches long, 2 inches wide. I took him all the way in, his groaning was a wonderful thing to hear. His hands ran through my brown hair, starting to push my head down further, that is all I needed to start going harder and faster on that long stick. My body started to get warmer as I felt as if this whole thing was just turning me on more. He saw this, reaching down, he brought me up. His hand gripping my breasts, her firmly brought me down onto his manhood fully. My head came back, he moved his hands down to my hips, moving me up and down as he sat back a bit.

"Oh yes, Rita... come on... that's it..." He softly whispered, trying not to yell. "Yes... oh yeah.. like that... mmmm... "

I started to pound on him harder, liking the feeling of that large cock deep inside of me. Soon, I found myself yelling to him "Give me all your cum, yes... come on... cum for me... " He started to match my pace more than ever, his body starting to quiver a bit. I, too, was getting a little hot, I could feel my orgasm reaching slowly, soon his hot liquid poured into me. I smiled, starting to slow. He would have none of that, laying me down, he slipped off my thong instead of just moving it, he put himself back into me, still hard, he pounded deep into me again. I gave a great moan, enjoying it as he fucked me. Soon, his large cock showed me what it was to feel like a woman... quivering, I let myself climax onto his huge long organ. His hand rested upon my breast as she continued to thrust into me. I couldn't help but moan... till we heart a sound outside.

"Oh shit... " He said as he leaped up. "Get dressed... hurry.."

Both of us were dressed and sitting on the couch by the time our parents came in. Both seemed to be pretty out of it. They smiled and told us both to go to bed, which we did. On our way up, Rob had been sure to show me his interest as we were getting ready for bed. He would rub his hard cock on my tight ass as he walked by. It sent quivers down my spine. That night, we both had wonderful dreams. I could hear Rob calling my name a bit from the other room, his hot breath as he beat himself for me. I reached down my panties... spreading my legs as I fingered myself as deep as I could, making myself cum. I fell asleep not much longer... but something else was about to happen...The next morning, I woke to a strange sound. My mother was sitting upon my bed, crying... I didn't know what to do, slowly I got up to hug her. She seemed upset, and wanted to hold me close to her, what more could I do?

"Rita... this is horrible... " She said while sobbing.

"What is, mom?"

"I think your father is lusting for other women"

I couldn't help but laugh, my mother knew what I was thinking, laughing too. My father had loved my mother since they were little, I never knew how or why they knew each other, only that they did. I stroked her blonde hair softly, smiling at her.

"How about, I make you look really pretty for dad tonight... then... you two go have some fun?"

"But, you and Rob have been left alone for so long these days. You two need lives of your own."

"Mom, we'll be fine... besides, we are working on making our bond more powerful." I said, trying not to get hot, my mom would never know what was really going on, or how we were working to make each other cum over and over again.

"Alright.." She said with a sigh, then left my room.

I laid upon my bed, curling up a bit as I heard my mom leave for work. I knew my dad had left already, looking to the clock, I found I was right. 9:30... yep... he had been gone for awhile, probably long enough for my mom to make herself upset. Rob was probably gone too, he must have had work today... I was all alone? This was going to be great... after last night... I was so horny I thought I would die. Laying on my bed, I spread my legs out and stretched. I had not heard the door open, then close, a rolled over, onto my front side. Suddenly, I felt a hand move between my thighs. With a gasp, I turned quickly to see Rob standing over me smiling. I looked up at him with a bright smile, another fling?

"I couldn't help but touch your lush body again..." He said while licking his lips... his hands coming down to my breasts.

"Oh? I couldn't help but want to finger myself all night..." I said with a smile on my face pulling him down on top of me. His cock was already hard, I could feel it through his boxers. "Mom and Dad gone?"

"Yes... and it is just you and me.." He said, kissing my neck a bit, our passion building within us.

"Mm... well.. I would fuck you again... but I don't wanna look like a slut."

He had already gotten my shirt pulled up, he looked down at my bare breasts. His hand rolled over the now hard nipples. I couldn't help but slowly reach for his boxers, pulling them off, his hot body revealed to me. I looked him over as he slipped off my panties, both of us naked now. He ran his hands between my thighs, I liked every second of it, his fingers started to play with my wanting pussy just a bit. I started to move my hips to run over his fingers, but he got on me, slipping my legs open, he entered hard. Though it hurt, I gave a squeal of delight, his dick deep inside my warm self. We both started to get right into it, his dick sliding in and out with a deep intention, the feeling of such a great orgasm starting. He would pause now and then, between my desperate cries to make sure he wasn't hurting me. I would smile, kiss his lips tenderly, and he would be filled with new life. We both came time and time again, I felt so dirty... and I liked it. When he laid beside me, I would cuddle upon him, his large chest I had not noticed before, and I would stare up at him from time to time.

"What do we do if they find out?" He asked... turning his head towards me.

"Well, Robbie... what do you want to do?" I watched him... half tempted to suck his dick at this point.

"I say we stop doing it of that comes..."

I was not happy about this, my new sex toy would not be taken from me, I was angered. "No way... I love this feeling... I want it to continue for ever."

"I know... what time is it?" He asked, looking back. "2:30... they'll both be home soon.."

"One more time? Please?" I pleaded with him... my hands touching his cock slowly. "Let me feel your love member deep in me once more... just for right now?"

He smiled at me, rolling over to kiss me deeply, then, I felt him bucking slowly against my leg. Getting me up, he slowly finger me from behind, I didn't realize what he was prepping me for, but his hand took my own juice between my butt cheeks. His dick slammed in me a bit, not in the back entrance, yet. Then, after I had really liked that, he gripped my hips. Suddenly, I felt his mushroom shaped head slowly started to enter my... ass hole!? I looked back, then I felt him penetrate! I didn't know if I should scream or moan, he had done it so gently, it felt good! I then brought myself back, slamming his dick deep into my hole, I had to scream. His pounding got a bit faster, but leaning over me, he reached and started rubbing me at the same time. Moaning, I started to feel hot again, the thought of my brother screwing me up the ass turned me on.

Down stairs, we didn't hear our father coming into the house. He heard the scream, and was a little puzzled by it. Slowly, he came up the stairs, seeing my bedroom door partly opened, the moaning and groaning inside. He was ready to kick some chump in the ass, but looking in, he saw my brother pounding deep into my ass. His eyes grew wide as he stayed out of sight, watching my ass get a major pounding by my brother. He was upset, at first, but then reached down and started rubbing himself. Watching his son and daughter getting it on, he got an urge to just join in. He got down taking his member out, he started beating it as he watched my brother cum deep in my asshole. I moaned, being filled, then he took my body and turning me over, putting me on top, he moved his dick deep into my wanting pussy. I hungrily started to buck, him doing the same. Our strong young bodies moving in rhythm, my father beating himself outside the door, he came all over, looking down at himself, he slowly stood. Watching till I had my orgasm, he moved down the stairs, cleaning up a bit, he slammed the door.

"Kids! I'm home!" He yelled, acting as if he just came back.

"Oh shit... come on Rita... "

"Fine fine..." I said as I got up, putting clothes on. "I feel used..." I smiled at him wickedly.

"No you don't... " He said as he came over and kissed my shoulder. "You feel horny again... wait till they leave to eat."

We went down stairs at the same time, I made sure to put on my smallest shorts, my tight little tank-top, no bra, so my brother could easily view my supple breasts. My father sat at the table now, sipping a coffee, I wondered how long he had been there. I went over to him, kissed his cheek, smiling sweetly.

"Good afternoon, father..." I said as I walked over to the cupboard, looking for something to eat.

"Thanks, sweet-heart.." He said, looking at his coffee, trying not to peer at my body. He then spoke up. "I saw you two... "

I stopped what I was doing, looking to Rob, who was now looking at my father with big eyes. I blushed a bit, then smiled... knowing I could shape this into what I wanted it to be.

"Daddy... it is just a little play... nothing more." I said as I sat down, looking at him. I noticed how he shifted as I passed him, he was growing hard, I could sense it.

"Yeah... besides... it isn't like we aren't being careful, right?" Rob put in, looking at me with a sly look... we both could feel my dad's tense movements.

"How long have you been doing this?.." He asked, looking up now, his eyes fell upon my breasts... then quickly darted to my brother, where he would find no female attractions.

"Long enough to know it feels very good, Daddy..." I slowly stood, walking to him... I took his hand, placing it upon my silky thigh. "It's okay, you can play too... if you want."

My brother looked at me with a smile, he nodded a bit. My father turned to look towards me, first to his hand, then up slowly towards my face. I flashed a smile to him... I knew there as only one way he wouldn't tell my mom, to join in. I leaned down softly exposing my lovely breasts to his viewing. He and my mother had not been sexually active as of late, and he was incredibly eager to play with us. He reached up to take off my top, standing, he kissed my neck. I smiled, moving from his grasp, I had felt his hard-on easily. I walked towards the living room, gently dropping my shorts before both of them. My father was not quick to jump in, instead, he sat upon the couch. Rob, on the other hand, found my ass quickly, rubbing his covered member upon it, wanting it. He dropped his shorts as well, then his underwear, both our bodies lean and naked now. I turned to face him, smiling as we went into a warm embrace. My father now had his cock out, stroking it slowly as it got hard. It wasn't nearly as big as my brother's, and I didn't really want much to do with it. But, I laid my brother down, getting atop of him as he massaged my breasts. I slide up and down his large cock, and saw my father getting hot...

"Daddy... I really need two dicks... come do me up the ass... please..." I begged him.

"um... ah..." He said... then slowly stood. "Are you sure?"

I nodded as I continued to ride my hard brother, then I leaned down, so by father could get easy access to my other sweet hole. Coming from behind me, he touched my ass gently, then parted the firm cheeks to slide his dick up and cover my hole with sweet pre-cum. I started to moan, my brother's bucks were getting harder as I knew he was getting closer to cumming deep within my love hole. I pulled him out for a moment, just sliding my wet wanting pussy across his hard throbbing dick. He smiled to me, pulling me close as he kissed me passionately. He then broke the kiss, directing my dad to first finger my hole, so not to hurt me. He did so, and then slowly worked his hard dick into me. I smiled, feeling it within me, he stopped, allowing my back door to adjust, then he started. His movements caused my brother's dick to slip back in. I started moaning loud as they both started to pound into me with perfect rhythm with each other. I couldn't have known this would happen, I gave great bucks to feel each deep within me.

"Oh Daddy... yes daddy... harder... ohh... yesss..." I screamed as he started to do me harder, his balls now smacking up against my ass. "Oh Robbie..."

I leaned and kissed him as his bucks started getting more forceful and demanding. Both, it seemed like it was with one great thrust, triggered my orgasm which had been building up. Both felt my body quiver, and took that as the sign to go forth. Both, it seemed at once, came deep inside my holes. I gave hard bucks as I wanted all the cum they could give me deep within my body. Rob put much more inside me than my father did, which I found odd. But, my father moved off me, his dick becoming limp and such. I looked down at Rob, who looked up at me with a bit of lust and love... I had never seen him look at anyone in that way. He touched my breasts, then put me on my back.

"You've been a bad little girl... haven't you?" He whispered in my ear.

I nodded, not realizing that he was again hard. He slammed deep into my hole, I gave a great moan, my legs wrapping about him. The sounds of pure sex started to fill the house, my pussy trembled with every thrust of his great cock. I wanted to feel it deeper, arching my back, I got just what I wanted. It slid all 8 wonderful inches deep within my pussy. I was hungry for all he could offer, my body becoming warm as I could feel the best orgasm in my life slowly coming nearer. He pounded me harder, knowing that I was getting ready to spill my love juice all over his hard cock. With every hard thrust I started to scream, my father now fisting himself as he watched us. I felt my body quiver again, then release all over my brother's smooth dick, he smiled as he felt it. His last jab deep within me released all his passion deep within me. I felt the warm seed move deep into my hold, every bit of passion could be felt in the hot thick air. My father came again as well, and I kissed Rob deeply. Then we heard my mother's car... hopping up, I grabbed my stuff. Rob and my father quickly put on their clothes. I went upstairs to take a shower. I heard my mom downstairs, I washed up, then ran down softly. I was dressed in a tight tank-top, and long jeans. I smiled at my mother, my father was calling to make them reservations. Rob looked over at me with a smirk, looking me over behind my mother's back. I grabbed her hand softly.

"Come on, mom... let's go make you look good..." I said with a smile.

"Alright, dear." She said as we ran up the stairs.

Rob smiled, sitting in a seat, he shook his head. My father sat back at the table with him...

"...that felt... great..." he said, shaking his head. "My little girl isn't a little girl anymore..."

Rob smirked a him, looking back up towards the upstairs. "Nope... she a hottie now... and mm... tastes good too."

"She takes after her mother..." He said, adjusting himself.

"Did you get a good place to eat? Maybe you'll get mom in the sack today as well.." Rob said with a smile now.

"Yes, her favorite place. I hope it does something... don't want to be doing my daughter just to keep from having a morning wood." He said with a laugh.

Rob shook his head a bit, looking up the stairs. He took a second to think. "Dad... I'll be back, go see if the girls want anything to drink."

With that, Rob stood. His muscular form was that of a stallion. He moved up the stairs quietly, but so it didn't look obvious to our father that he was up to no good. Looking in, he saw the best thing of his life...


My mother sat upon a chair as I did her makeup. She sighed a bit, and I stopped, touching her cheek. She looked so beautiful, and I couldn't figure out what could be the problem. I inspected my work, then asked.

"What's wrong?" I said, concerned.

"Me and your father have not been... making love.. in some time... I miss it." She said with another sigh.

"For how long?" I watched her...

"Months..." She said blushing a bit. "But you don't need to hear such things."

"I've got an idea, mom..." I said, standing slowly.

I slipped down onto the floor, she looked at me surprised. I had always been curious what it would feel like to fuck with a girl, and I ran my hand over her smooth thigh. My mother was like me, never aging. She had the body of a 18 year old, and never once did I ever think she would have gave into the touch so easily. I simply moved her legs open, coming down to kiss her tender area. She gave a bit of a moan, I reached up, pulling her panties back. Just then, a knock at the door was heard, I jumped up, damning whoever it was. Walking to the door, my mom fixed herself to relax. Opening the door, there stood Rob, tall and handsome. He looked at my mother, then smiled...

"Wow, mom, you look hot..." He said, walking past me, grabbing my ass.

"Thanks hun," she said blushing a bit.

I smiled, this would be perfect, it was my brother's turn to please my mother. I walked over to her, setting my hand upon her shoulder, Rob was already getting turned on my mom's almost naked appearance. I walked to him, and started to kiss him.

"Rita! What are you doing?" She erupted into a slight scream.

"You said you needed some mom... Rob is a wonderful lover." I said, looking up at him.

He smiled, looking to my mother, he stood, he was tall, dark, and everything a woman would want. He walked to my mother, touching her breast slowly. She soon submitted to him, reaching to take his pants off. As his hard cock slid out, she was amazed to see the size and the width he had. He smiled down at her, bringing her head down softly, trailing her lips over his hard cock head. She brought it in quickly, and Rob was surprised. He fell back onto the bed as my mother started to suck hard upon his dick. He smiled a bit, guiding her head, but he looked back at me. It was me he was lusting for, and he gave a little pout. I smiled, taking off my pants, I crawled over to him. He let my mom's head go, letting her do the work on his dick, and sat me upon his mouth. He moved the lips of my pussy apart, sliding his tongue over my hot sex. I immediately started to move over his mouth. He was good at this.

My mother now was getting up on top of Rob, sliding his hard, saliva covered, cock deep into her pussy. He gave a bit of a moan, but then continued his work on my cunt. My mother fucked him as hard as she could, as if nothing could stop her. I gently enjoyed the feeling of Rob's tongue sliding inside me, flicking the trigger spot over and over again. Finally I got hot, and he grabbed my sides, eating me out harder now, I gave a great moan, starting to hump his face. His hot breath upon my pussy was perfect. Causing me to cum, he licked me clean, then looked to my mother. Softly, I got off, laying on the bed watching. My mother was riding him like a wild woman. He shook his head, flipping her onto her back. He started pounding that hard cock deep into him. I knew he was aiming to make her cum now too, I could tell by my mother's face. Just then, my father walked in.

Gasping, he looked over the scene, but Rob didn't stop, he just kept pounding into our mother. I walked over to dad, shutting the door. I touched his cock, and without a word, he dropped his pants. He started to grab at me, pulling my pussy close to his dick. Then he entered me, putting me up against the wall with a slight crash of the picture falling. Rob watched, jealousy filling him, he wanted me to himself, and not one else. He started to slam into my mother had, fucking her till her body arch and released over his dick. He was done with her now, and he wanted me. He stood kissing our mom's pussy, then walking to dad. Rob looked at my body, and stopped him. Dad let me go within moments, much rather wanting to ravish is wife while she was enjoying the great orgasm she was given.

Rob and I were quickly fucking once again, he slid his hard cock deep into me. My mother obviously did nothing to please his wanting pipe. I smiled at him, fucking him as best as I could. He plunged it deep into me, every movement was full of lust and love. He came deep within me, and sucked upon my perked nipples. My mother and father had also finished their little love fest as well. Rob picked me up, carrying me into another room, Mom and dad left to go get dinner. He laid me upon my bed, kissing my neck, I slowly wrapped my arms around him as he stopped, laying on top of me.

"I love you..." He said, tracing his finger over my lips.

"I love you too, Rob. " I said, smiling at him.

"Can we do this forever?" He asked, his eyes staying upon me contently.

"Probably... we'll see..." I said... kissing his neck as we laid together.

Our bodies stayed tangled together all night, passion rose and fell like no other. My mother and father didn't come home that night, they had decided to leave us to our lust, and find a life of their own again. Rob and I ended up getting married, no one knew I was his sister, and just figured he had taken a bit younger wife....


