irst time sex with Gujarati bhabhi
Posted on January 15, 2012 12:00 PM, Filed under Neighbours

Hi guys and girls my name is Ravi. I am an engineering student aged 21 studying in one of the most prestigious colleges in Mumbai. This incident happened with me nearly 3 years back when had just turned 18 and thereafter changed my life for good reasons. Sex is an integral part of most people's life.

But most of the boys/girls in my age category (18) were certainly an exception to this rule. Though I was very good in studies I always thought of sex. I was fascinated by women's boobs and used to masturbate thinking about them. Porn, erotic bollywood films were great help during that time. Mature women in their late thirties or early forties always interested me which commonly known as MILF.

There was hardly a day when I didn't masturbate thinking about women and their assets. Life was just going on like that until she came and changed everything. She turned me into a man. My neighbor's house was empty for some time as they had shifted to Delhi. But in June 2008 they rented the place to a Gujarati family.

The family had 4 members a husband, wife, daughter named Neha aged15 and a boy Sonu with age 7.The bhabhi as I mentioned above was going to be the reason of all things which happened afterwards. When I saw her for the first time I was just left with my mouth wide open appreciating her body. Her name was Mira aged 40 which I later came to know.

A perfect Gujarati bhabhi with voluptuous body measuring 36DD-28- 38 which I measured myself when we had one of our sexual encounters with her mesmerizing breasts and an ass to die for .She wasn't young with slight wrinkles on face and other parts but again my she perfectly fitted my criteria. She was the MILF I was looking for.

Days passed and so the bhabhi and her family started interacting with other neighbors. She was sweet, nice-talking lady like other Gujaratis. My mother and she used to interact quite often as there were hardly any other neighbors to talk. They used to talk about families, sarees, food etc. My mother had even told her how I intelligent I am and always stood first in my school years.

Whenever I used to come across her she used to smile and ask me about how I was doing, studies etc and then I used to masturbate thinking about her. She used to wash clothes in the verandah of their house in her saree and the extremely fit blouse which used to show her deep cleavage. It was always my routine to have a look at it by finding a reason to go outside and stealing glances at her huge mangoes.

She never caught me as I was slightly shy with very good image in our locality and so she never thought that I will do something like that with her. Whenever my school friends used to come home and see her washing clothes with her huge boobs they always used to tease me that I was so lucky to have a hot bhabhi as a neighbor.

Her daughter Neha was in 9th standard .She wasn't really hot and had average looks. She was really weak in maths. So when bhabhi and my mother were chatting one afternoon, bhabhi asked my mother whether she knew of any classes or personal tuitions for Neha. My mother thought for a while and suggested her if it just a question of maths then Ravi would teach her as he is good in maths.

Bhabhi became really happy as she didn't have to send Neha for classes and even told my mom that she would pay me some money for teaching her daughter. My mother bluntly refused it and told her that she would ask me about teaching math to Neha. So when mom asked me about it there was no reason for me to say no even though I was busy in my first year engineering and even better news was that I had to go to their house for Neha's tuitions and a chance to get close with bhabhi.

Being shy I had never visited their place before and so for the first time my mother accompanied me to their home. Bhabhi greeted us warmly and offered snacks, tea etc to us. Neha was also there. After some chit-chat we came to the main topic i.e. tuitions. Bhabhi told me about Neha's studies and her weakness in maths.

O boy she was a looking smokin hot in the saree draped around her voluptuous figure with just one fold around her shoulder exposing her deep navel through the transparent saree. I listened to whatever she had to say and told her that I would give my best to improve Neha's maths. After some time my mother left and I started to teach Neha.

The house wasn't big so I was teaching Neha in the bedroom while bhabhi was cooking in the kitchen. Her husband wasn't at home as he had a shop so he used to go quite early in the morning and used to come late in the night around 10. I also imagined how pathetic their sex life was and felt sad for bhabhi.

I used to come home from college around 4 pm and used to teach Neha from 7 to around 8-30. She was above average in studies and was improving quickly while I used to get a hard-on just thinking about bhabhi. Bhabhi was sweet. She used to offer me snacks, etc and she was happy with Neha's performance as she scored very good marks in semester exams.

Bhabhi was really happy and thankful to me. Whenever I used to get a chance I used to catch glimpses of ass or boobs through her saree but things really were not going anywhere with me just masterbating .many days passed. Like most engineering colleges I had vacations in December.

So I told bhabhi that I would teach Neha in the morning around 10 to 11 after which she would go to her school. Bhabhi and Neha had no problem. So I started my morning tuitions. My mom used to work in an office from 10-6 so I used to be alone the whole day during vacations. I hardly had friends in our area so I used to be alone at home watching TV, porn, surfing internet etc.

One day after the tuitions when I was just about to leave bhabhi casually asked me to stop and have chit-chat with her as she had also become bored with Neha in the school and her son Sonu playing with his friends, I thought for a while and decided to be there for some time as I myself would have been bored with no one in home except me. So I sat on the sofa in their hall.

After some time Neha went to the school, Sonu was outside playing. Bhabhi came after 5 minutes and sat on the sofa just opposite of me. We started talking about various topics such as from Neha's studies to my college, our neighborhood. All this while I couldn't stop myself from ogling at her amazing body...Man she was in her forties but she was one of the hottest women I had seen in my entire life.

During out chatting suddenly Sonu came inside and started complaining bhabhi about being hungry. His hug to bhabhi, she caressing him as he was just about 7 years old probably in the 2nd standard made me jealous of him and I wish I would been in his place fondling bhabhi the way he was.

Bhabhi was asking him whether he would eat this and that and he was refusing saying he wanted milk. So bhabhi told him that the milk is kept in the fridge, so go and take it. But again he refused and started crying by hugging her boobs tightly. I was amazed why he was doing something like that.

At the same time Bhabhi realized instantly that indeed he was asking for her breast milk .But she told him that she won't give it to him as he is now grown up and it is meant only for infants. But Sonu was relentless now crying even harder. I was watching all this without understanding and asked bhabhi what was the matter when she told me that he is asking for her breast milk.

I was shocked. Boy as old as Sonu asking for breastfeeding. Seeing my puzzled look she told me that Sonu was actually breastfed occasionally as he was always very adamant about breast milk and refused to drink any other milk .So she used to breastfeed him whenever he used to behave like that.

Curiously I asked her whether it is possible for a woman to produce milk even after many years of pregnancy to which she replied by saying, if you continue to breastfeed the child the breast will continue to produce milk. On the other hand Sonu was still crying. Bhabhi told him that Ravi bhaiyaa(me) will laugh at him if he still drinks breast milk even when he has so grown up.

I thought may be bhabhi would be embarrassed to breastfeed him in front of me, so I told her that I will leave now even when I wanted to stay there and wanted to see her mango sized naked breasts for the first time. But bhabhi stopped me saying that it is ok and is absolutely no problem if I sit there. She told me to watch TV. Oh boy I was ecstatic. My joy knew no bounds.

Bhabhi locked the door and sat on the mattress with Sonu in her lap. She positioned herself in a way so that I couldn't see her breasts. She removed her pallu and started unhooking her blouse and started feeding Sonu. Sonu now stopped crying, but I hardly could see anything with pallu covering her boobs and that position.

I was moving on sofa from side to side hoping to get at least some glimpse of boobs. But I wasn't lucky. After some time Sonu got up and went outside playing. Bhabhi now quickly covered herself and again started talking with me. I was still in shock. A forty something woman breastfeeding her 7-8 year old son. I wasn't paying attention to her.

After 5 minutes she suddenly started complaining about pain in her breast. I asked her what happened, she told me that it is common after breastfeeding as there is still some milk in the breast and thus it pains. She told me that she needed to go to kitchen and empty the excess milk into a glass. But I was sitting just a foot away from her seeing her breasts with great pleasure.

That was it probably. She asked me whether I would love to drink excess milk. Current flew across my whole body and within a minute I tore open her blouse and started sucking those melons with great power. She started moaning and told me to go slow. Her breasts were sagging probably because she never wore any bra. But they were mind blowing.

There was no stopping me now. The milk tasted slightly sour different from our regular milk but it was fun. She was pouring and pouring hard. I was squeezing her breasts hard so to drink more milk. The soft and ball like feel was beyond description. After some time it stopped milking. She lay on that mattress for some time almost exhausted.

My penis was already hard; it was almost erect in my pants. Bhabhi smiled and asked about her milk .I told her it was too good. She had naughty smile on her face and told me to proceed to bedroom. Oh boy I was so charged that I couldn't wait. Bhabhi came in the bedroom with her blouse open and locked the door. She asked me whether it is my first time or have I done it earlier???

I told her that I haven't even seen any woman naked in real except my mother and now YOU. She was amazed and told me to give my best and told me not to worry that she'll help me through it. I almost jumped over her and we started kissing and hugging. I was in full flow and so was bhabhi. Her lips were really nice for the woman of that age. He smelled nicely.

Saliva getting mixed, lip biting went on for few minutes when I fully removed her blouse and started squeezing, kissing it all over again. She was ecstatic and feeling raunchy, my penis was getting unsettled in my fit pants. She tightly hugged me and took me towards the bed and pushed me on the bed. I was there now all in bhabhi's full control.

She removed my t-shirt in a flash and started unbuttoning my pants, unzipped me and slowly took off my pant erotically. On the way kissing and caressing my groin, thighs, legs, and toes, sending electric socks all throughout my body. I was just in my under wear and she was in her saree without any blouse. My erect penis made a huge tent in my pants.

She started kissing it even without removing my pants making my pant all wet. She was rubbing it making it even bigger in size. This went on for a while. She had amazing patience I must say just kissing, rubbing it without its real sight (my penis). But now it was my turn. I held her against bed and started removing her saree fold by fold caressing her navels, stomach all flesh.

Now she was just in her undies. What a sight I must say. Her thighs, legs all felt so yummy her groin so hot. Now I started removing her panty. Slowly, seductively playing with her groin, navel all of which she really enjoyed. After that I completely removed it and there was her pussy, slightly trimmed with some hair and a tight pink lips calling for my sucking.

Within a flash I was there inserting my tongue into her pussy and feeling its sweet juices and hotness. She was moaning harder moving around in bed telling me that I m made her day and how she never thought of having sex with me. This went on for a while. I inserted my finger into her cunt and started moving it back and forth. She was enjoying.

Now I inserted two of fingers and pushed them a little further. She was hot and told me that she was about to cum and she came and she came hard. White juices flowing all over tasting really nice. I had been successful I giving her first orgasm and it made me feel proud. She was now fully lubricated and now it was turn again. She held me against the bed's corner and removed by pants thereby exposing my almost fully erect penis.

She looked at her pleasantly and told me that it is much bigger, cleaner and meatier than her husband's. Oh boy now it was my turn to moan, her strokes of my penis were hard and made me all the more erotic. She now took it in her mouth and started getting it wet with her saliva that made it slightly cold but all the more amazing. She did that for a while enjoying fully.

With her each stroke my penis was becoming harder and harder and the sperms were getting close to explode anytime. Now I held her and made her sleep on the bed with her legs wide spread open and slowly tried to enter her vagina. It was my first time so bhabhi helped a lot in directing me about how to insert it and then stroking it.

I was in full flow now pushing my penis in her pussy in full forces making her moan louder. I was enjoying the feeling of my penis going in and out of vagina; their touch was all divine and sent currents all through my body. After that I made her turn around and started inserting in a dog style position thanks to my porn watching experience.

Bhabhi enjoyed it a lot as it was more powerful even I felt more relaxed in that position. It had been almost been an hour and still we were fucking amazingly. But the main question which suddenly came to my mind: where the CONDOM was??? I took out the penis from her vagina and asked her hadn't she forgotten about the condom???Bhabhi gave me a mischievous smile.

I was puzzled. I again asked for the condoms. She laughed and told me that there is no need to worry as she had already undergone a surgery so that she can't conceive again. They already had two children, a girl and a boy. I heaved a sigh of relief and again started fucking her with all the force. Bhabhi came again. Her second orgasm making my penis all wet with her juices.

Now even I was about to cum. I told bhabhi so, she was amazed that I gave her two orgasms in only my first fuck. She was elated, told me to relax. I came...came with full flow of sperms in her pussy. Even I myself was surprised that I was able to hold them that longer. Her pussy now became as hot as hell. I removed my penis and looked at it. It was first fuck and what a fuck it was!!!

Bhabhi quickly turned around and inserted it into her mouth, testing sperms lovingly. I was exhausted and so was she. We laid there for some time. It was already too late but who cared. I again started kissing her, fondling her boobs for a while. Suddenly the bell rang. It was Sonu. Bhabhi told him to wait for a while. We quickly freshened up ourselves and wore our clothes.

The poor milk sucking boy didn't even know when the door opened about what had happened inside while he was playing outside. He was again hungry and now asking for lunch. Thank God. I left. Bhabhi came to the door. That mischievous smile indicator of many wild things to come. Not this time. Next time for sure. :)

Click here to download dick raising desi sex scandals from the Indian Subcontinent featuring horny wives, college girls and busty maids.

Posted by admin on January 15, 2012 12:00 PM Permalink | Comments (15)
Naughty Indian girl applying ice cream on boyfriends dick blowjob MMS
Posted on January 14, 2012 1:00 PM, Filed under General
Indian girl sucking uncircumcised dick of boyfriend after applying ice cream during oral sex foreplay 	Booby Indian girl pulling up top and pushing bra down to show tits during sex foreplay

Click here to download Naughty Indian girl applying ice cream on boyfriends dick blowjob MMS.

Posted by admin on January 14, 2012 1:00 PM Permalink | Comments (0)
Sex with college receptionist
Posted on January 14, 2012 12:00 PM, Filed under College Sex

Hi friends my name is rocky,let me describe you my self i'm 6'3 inches and not well built but lean but charming and smart looking.this happened an year back.I am a graduate and I want to pursue mba degree from a prestigious instiutions in india.i have given all the exams which are needed for it.

In that process I gave my mobile number at every exam I have written and we all know that there are various institutes in india for mba other than worth institutes.So I usually get calls from these institutes every now and then to join in their institute.I am goin to narrate about the call that I had with a girl from one such institute from bangalore.

One night around 7 I got this call from the institute I took the call and to my surprise it was a girl I asked her who is it and she started enquiring me abt my educational qualifications and if I am interested to pursue mba from their college,generally I say I am not but the voice was very sweet and the way she talked made me hung to the call for 45 minutes.

the whole conversation was not completely professional,as she also liked the way I talked as they also get students who arrogantly cut the call,she said there would be an interview in my city the next day and she was there in the city in a hostel.So I thought there might be a chance to see how she looked like so I agreed to come for the interview the next day.

on the next day she called again for the confirmation n confirmed I am coming even it was raining. I reached the venue and went to the hall where this interview session was goin on,to my surprise there was only two guys and 2 students for the interview,so I came out and called where was she?she said that she's in a meeting n told me to go and take the interview and will come once the meeting is over.

i believed her and took the interview and asked them when will be my result they said an email would confirm my seat in the college.i came out and started calling her to my surprise she wasn't picking my call and then I enquired the person who interviewed me about the girl he said only two of them came to city and the girl who called me didn't come from bangalore,

listenening to this I got angry like anything and in anger I tried calling her she wasn't picking my call I tried for nearly an hour like this then some guy picked it saying that she's in a meeting I told him look boss I need to talk to her make her call me n went back to home angrily.

I didn't feel like eating lunch and went to the system and sent sms's saying that girls like u would hurt person's feelings as if nothing and I said that bcoz of her am not gonna eat anything n sent the sms.In the evening I got a call from her I blasted like anything to her saying who gave u rite to play with a person's emotions,then she apologised for her doings.

i said I want to be alone and kept the call and threw my mobile to corner of my bed and went to other room and slept as I need a time for myself I woke up after 3 hrs and went in search of my cell to my surprise there were 120 msd calls and 20 msgs saying that she is sorry and she can't bear the thought that someone is being starved bcoz of her.

So I called her back saying its k and we can be friends n said that I came to interview just to meet her.we talked for sometime and I went for dinner and after dinner she called and talked sometime and slept.this continued for days,she said she had a bro and she lives in a hostel in bangalore and goes to her bro's place every weekend who has a wife and 2 kids.

the talking went on everyday except for the weekend she's afraid of her bro who is an ex army man.i had the urge to see her and she also had the same.we both send each other's pics thru email.she was a little fat and medium dark in color her fgure was 36-30-36 but I liked her as there was something in her a kind of glow which attracted me towards her,she liked me too.

i took it to the next level and started doing sex chat daily.everyday she used to get heated up during the conversation and she said she want me to come to bangalore for meeting her.i planned for the trip n booked a hotel and started from my place and reached there at 10 am in the morning.

She called me and said that she's coming in an auto to pick me up I waited and she came I got into the auto she was wearing a green salwar kameez and was lookin sexy.auto was taking turns and my shoulder and her shoulder touched for the first time she was shy and then I hold her hands and to my surprise her hand was cold.then we reached the hotel in 45 min.

I tooked the keys and we went into the room,locked the room and I told her to sit on the bed and went into the bathroom for a piss.then I came out she was just looking at me with love in her eyes then I went near her on the bed kept my hand on her shoulder and pressed it for signal.

she immediately hugged me tightly,then slowly shifted her to her side and I was on top of her and started kissing her passionately,our tongues were playing with each other then I started caressing her left boob and right boob in a sequential way.then I started pressing both boobs with our tongues playing with each other at the same time.

when I started pressing her boobs she started moaning.then I removed her salwar she was in bra.then I removed her bra she was topless I immediately started sucking her boobs her moaning increased a little bit this continued for 20 min and then I started licking her navel,my tongue was moving in n out of her belly button then my both hands were pressing her boobies then slowly I removed her kameez and removed her panty too, my god she was naked.

she had no hair it was clean shave near her pussy.her juices were out,then I started fingering in and out.It started with single finger,then two more juices were out I started licking them like a dog my tongue was going out n in,then she started saying comon fuck me I can't wait then she started undressing me then my package came out which was erect 7"inch cock,

i kept it inside her mouth till she choked I started doin it by pressing her head in and out n I released my sperms inside her mouth she completely dranked it then I removed it from her mouth and kept my dick inside her pussy doggy style I started slowly and increased my speed steadily her moaning also increased after 10 min I cummed inside her.

then we both relaxed on the bed.after 20 min sleep we both went inside bathroom took bath together.during bath also we did doggy style for 20 min and cleaned our juices with water.then we ordered food for lunch at 3 pm then we did again at 5 pm this time other postures like head on pose sorry guys I don't the name of the poses we 69 position she went back to hostel at 7 pm as it should look as she came back from work.

so that's the way it ended.the next day I had train to catch in the morning from bangalore at 8:30 am she came at 6:30 in the mornin I got ready and we decided to start then she stopped me and said one last time then I said its gonna be late then she insisted

then I opened my cock and she started sucking it I was in heaven we did it for 15 min and we started I vacated the room and took the train went back home when I was leaving I have seen tears in her eyes that was really touching. this is my sex story hope u guys like it.

Click here to download stunning new sex videos of horny Indian college boys and girls fucking after class.

Posted by admin on January 14, 2012 12:00 PM Permalink | Comments (7)
Truck driver Sardar fucking prostitute till he cums inside MMS
Posted on January 13, 2012 1:00 PM, Filed under General
Sardar truck driver sucking boobs of Indian prostitute during sex 	Truck driver Sardar fucking Indian call girl missionary style having hot fuck

Click here to download Truck driver Sardar fucking prostitute till he cums inside MMS.

Posted by admin on January 13, 2012 1:00 PM Permalink | Comments (0)
Sex affair across generations - II
Posted on January 13, 2012 12:00 PM, Filed under Maid / Servant

Previously: Sex affair across generations - I

In the part 1, you all read about how I lost my virginity to my Maid Rukmani, after two months of carefree sex, one day Rukmani was throwing up and was very ill. She left for the village shortly after that and never returned. I just had her in my memories and never interacted with any girl in an intimate way after that for almost 14 years.

I was now, 27 and had a very good job and was earning handsomely. My Mom and Dad kept pressuring me to get married for the last two years and for some reason or another it just didn't happen. My mom got us a new maid from our village, her name was Jaya. She was very fair and beautiful and looked a lot like my mother and Sister ! She told us that she was abandoned by her mother after delivery and was brought up by her grandparents...

Jaya was very shy and scared. She used to wake up in the middle of the night and spend time up sitting and crying silently. One day, I got up in the middle of my sleep to go to the bathroom and saw her crying.... I asked her what was wrong ? She said that if she goes back to her village, she also will be abandoned by her folks and will have to suffer.

I had a chat with her and told her that as long as she does good work, there is no risk in her future with our family. I explained to her common mistakes and how to be sincere and caring in her job! She brightened and thanked me profusely and went to sleep. After that, whenever she was done with cleaning up, washing etc. she would immediately come to me to ask "How did I do ?"

I will smile and reassure her, point out where to improve etc. all very calmly, so that she learnt it. Over a period of time, she got very comfortable with me, I also reciprocated that. Occasionally, I would pat her on the back or butt mockingly and she would mockingly dodge me and run away! I began to develop a liking for this girl, with my mom also appreciating how constantly she learnt and improved by leaps and bounds...

In the year she was with us, she gained a lot of height, her breasts became much bigger, butt more rounder with mother nature being very kind to her... She was also a very fair and beautiful girl, very unlike the typical girls you get for maid chores from villages.... She caught my attention and affection a lot.

Now whenever, I appreciated her for something, I would let my hand linger a lot more on her shoulder back or butt, occasionally rubbing it while patting. She didn't show any reaction, purely because of her innocence. My Mom and sister used to give her old clothes, one day when she wore a salwar kameez, I commented that only Paavadai/chattai (long skirt, tight blouse) looks good on you, she smiled.

I was surprised to see her to change into a pavadai/chattai that afternoon itself. She brightened on seeing a smile on my face. Being poor, she didn't have any money to buy a bra and used to wear a loose shimmy beneath her top, with her nipples poking out as well. I was in heaven... upon seeing those protruding buttons...

She was the first girl who triggered such emotions after a very long time, I had kept away from sex and women after my torrid initiation into sex with Rukmani (15 years ago), she was still in my memories very strongly. This girl broke through that and triggered a lot sexual stirring s in me. With her filling out, to me she looked like Rukmani sometimes and like my sister some other times.

I was thinking that it was due to my mixed emotions for her I was imagining those...My attraction and lust for Jaya grew. One day, while fixing a fan, a screwdriver slipped and sliced my fingers leading to bleeding... I immediately, got down and was looking for a bandage in the kitchen drawer. Jaya heard the noise and came to ask what I want. She was shocked to see the blood.

Immediately put my finger in her mouth, sucked it vigorously and bandaged it up. She did the same to another finger, while she was bandaging it, I kept the hand down, leading to her bending down and I saw her breasts in full through the top opening of her blouse. Boy, were they magnificent! Words can't describe.

Milky white globes, with full tennis ball shape and almost pitch black areolas which were large and a bud of a nipple on that. I was staring at them with my mouth open. With her finishing up the job, she looked up and found out what was staring at. With shock got up and covered her chest with her hands and ran away... She went near the doorway turned and gave me a smile and then went away...

I was thrilled at the smile and the positive reaction I got from her. A month later, the pongal festival was coming and my mom wanted to buy clothes for all. We all went to a big bazaar, we also took Jaya with us. She was dressed in a salwar khameez that fitted very tight and was highlighting her globes well.

I took my two wheeler as the car was full with driver my parents and sister + Jaya. In the street, my mom went with my sister to a posh shop for saree purchasing and after an hour into it, was still not done selecting anything. Worse, my sister started bitching about waste of time realizing the situation my DAD took my sister to the western wear section to buy something and asked me take Jaya to a nearby shop to buy something for her.

He gave me Rs. 1000 and said to manage something reasonable within that for Jaya. I took jaya to a shop opposite and asked her what she wanted. She said that she wanted a saree set! I asked her is it your first, she nodded with lot of shyness and her cheeks became red. I told her not to be shy and asked the sales man to show us in the Rs. 1000 range...

He showed a lot of sarees, she was confused in decision. I loved a saree that had her skin's light tan color with decorative pallu and border in black. In my imagination, she would look as if she were wearing a transparent saree with just border on her body. I told her it would look great on you. She shyly looked at the price which was Rs. 1300 and said it is too expensive.

The sales girl at that point said "Come on Madam, your husband likes this on you so much, you should get it". Upon hearing this, Jaya had a huge smile, lowered her eyes to the ground and her entire face became flushed, with her cheeks totally red. The salesgirl then asked me "Sir, are you getting this for your wife ? Shall I bill it ?", I answered it with a firm "Yes".

Completely shocking Jaya!!! She seemed happy, shocked and shy and didn't say a word. The same shop provided stitching for the blouse for free and I took jaya there the tailor took all the measurements and said that it will be ready for pick-up two days later. I told jaya not to tell that it was more than Rs. 1000 to everyone. She quietly nodded her head and was visibly happy.

I took Jaya to the shop in which my parents were and left her there. I quickly got back to the shop where Jaya and me bought the saree and bought a plain blouse cloth of the same saree color, the sales girl remembered me. I told her that I wanted to surprise my wife and asked for her help in choosing a bra.

She took me to the section brought some matching bra and panty sets saying that from now I should remember the size for the future and I paid for them all. I took the blouse piece to the tailor and asked him to stitch a plain blouse on the new piece I bought, but change the saree's piece to a sleeve less one with deep openings in the front and back.

He smiled and said that he would deliver them both on the same day. I thanked him and left, I hid the bra sets in my bike's box. Jaya's bra was 34D size, confirming my feeling that she had really large breasts...Two days later, I got the stitched blouses back, gave the plain one to Jaya. I was observing jaya very closely, her butt, breasts cleavage all got intimate attention me, she also sometimes would notice me ogling just smile and continue...

One day, I went to the bathroom, found out that jaya had taken bath earlier, her clothes were hanging in the hook. I found a panty that was old and worn out with even a small hole right in the pussy area. I took it to my nose put it on my face wrapped it and smelt it. The musky aroma, of urine mixed with some other stuff was really powerful.

I wrapped it around my penis and shagged to pump a furious load of semen into it. I spread it all over the pussy area in her panty and left it. After this whenever I found her clothes, I would deposit my sperm into her panty and leave it. One day, I found just her panty and deposited another load. After this everyday I will find her panty for me, shortly after I finished her path Jaya would come and take it to wash.

One day she showed the panty to me, said "naughty" and smiled and went away. I was dead sure, that she liked me and was excited about bedding her. One day, after she had her clothes out to take a bath, my mom called her urgently to do some cleaning up in the morning so jaya left. I went into the bathroom to take a shower and noticed her clothes.

I immediately got the bra panty sets I had bought for her and took out a sexy lace set and left it on the hooks instead of her old panty. I finished my shower and when I came out jaya was waiting and she went into take a bath...I went into my room, after few mins dressed up and came up for breakfast...

When I asked for more idlis, jaya told my mom that she would serve and she came to me and put two idlis on my plate. I looked up and there she was brimming with happiness and a huge smile was on her face. I asked her why so happy, she just lifted the t-shirt she was wearing on her pavadai and showed me the lacy bra. It looked magnificient. She quickly covered up and left. Turned back to give me a smile and then went away.

Few days later, pongal started that day everyone except me was wearing new clothes and my family was getting ready to go to the temple. As there would be a huge rush mom/dad/sister went early asking me to join them as soon as I am done. I was alone in the house with Jaya. Jaya came in dressed in her new saree she looked stunning.

I complemented her on how beautiful she looked. She became shy and said it is your choice. I told her she would look better in something else and gave her the sleeveless blouse I had gotten stitched. I also gave her the 3 other bra panty sets I had gotten. When did you get them was the question from jaya, I reminded her "You know the sales girl wanted me to get the saree for my wife...".

She went into her room and came back dressed in the sleeveless blouse. She looked really sexy and beautiful, instantly giving me a hard on. I went close to her grabbed her hands and held on to them. I bent down slowly, she closed her eyes. I planted a kiss on her lips, her body shuddered at this. I grabbed her waist, pulled her into me, with her breasts smashing into my chest.

I kissed her madly all over her face, neck, eyes nose mouth. I nibbled her her ear lobes and this made her go crazy. I then slowly bent down and planted a kiss on her cleavage. She shrugged and suddenly realized what was happening. She withdrew and said "stop this". I immediately stopped, told her I really liked her and will not force anything. I said, I am deeply sorry for what happened and left for the temple.

I was distracted at the temple, not knowing what jaya would do when we got back home.... We got back home. Jaya was her usual self she had changed into the ordinary blouse, but still wearing the bra and (hopefully the panty) I got for her. In the evening, my family went out to greet some of the neighbors, I was watching a pongal special move on SUN TV.

When we were alone, I said jaya I am very sorry for what happened. It will never happen again. I said it because, she wrapped her saree pallu covering her top half completely. She smiled said "I understand, you are a good man. But I want it", saying she dropped her saree pallu, beneath it she was in her sleeveless blouse, all for me. She had a mischievous smile on her face.

I got up kissed her crazy. She moved her back was on my front when we were standing up. I slowly moved my hand grabbed her breasts and massaged them. Her breathing became quicker, and her eyes were like they were in a trance. The girl was experiencing it for the first time..... It was obvious...

I was massaging her breasts like crazy, kissing and nibbling her earlobes heightening the experience for her. Suddenly we heard the noise of someone coming into the house, she ran into her room. It was my family. A minute later jaya came back dressed in her household attire. My mom chided her as to why changed so early. Jaya just looked at me and gave me a smile, acknowledging "our secret".

I had no idea that the same night would be the second most defining night in my life, the first one being when I lost my virginity and took the virginity of Rukmani. Rukmani was slightly older than me, but Jaya was so young, lithe and beautiful, the chance of taking her virginity thrilled me completely.... I was up watching TV late and saw Jaya coming out for the bathroom, giving me a smile.

She whispered into my ears, I have left a gift for you in the bathroom. Later when I went to the bathroom, I found the bra/panty set she was wearing on the hook! I was thrilled smelt her panty. Took it into my bedroom and put it on my face and dozed off. Late that night, I felt someone on the bed next to me hugging me, I felt the warmth and softness of the body.

When I woke up startled, I was shocked to find Jaya in my bed. She immediately put her lips on mine gave me a soft kiss and asked me to be quiet! I was still in shock! Jaya got on top of me I realized that she wasn't wearing anything beneath her nightie. When her nightly went up, her pussy was felt on my tummy, it was very warm and seemed like some fire was burning between her thighs...

I slowly lifted the nightie off of her body. There she was in her full naked glory her body all mine for the taking. I slowly put her on the bed next to mine. Slowly moved my face close to her nipples and blew warm air out of my body on them. Immediately, they became erect and stuck out like cork. I latched onto one of the nipples with my mouth while just tweaking the other with my fingers.

Her body shuddered violently and she crushed my face into her breast whispering, `This feels so good". I put my hand down and cupped her pussy. TO my surprise, I found it to be sopping wet, with secretions coming out thick. I just opened her pussy lips and rubbed the top of her pussy. I felt something like a button and when I touched it she went nuts...

I just rubbed it, her body pulsed, as it got an electric shock. To stifle her screams of pleasure, she buried her face into my chest and bit my shoulder. When I stopped, she begged me to continue.... I slowly opened up her pussy lips and inserted one of fingers into it. It was an indescribable feeling of wetness, warmth and velvet. She was thrashing wildly and her body shuddered.

I realized that the girl was having her first orgasm and held her tightly just kissing her gently on her lips till her body became calm & normal...I then slowly opened her pussy lips and was tickling it she slowly built up a tempo and asked me do you know what to do further ? I like it so much. I told her about my erect penis, took of my shorts and showed her that.

She gasped at how large it had become and asked will it become normal ? I told her if I put it in her pussy it will become small again. She wondered as to whether it will go inside, will not hurt etc. I just kissed her. Slowly tickled her pussy button, in no time she was wet. I asked her to relax, positioned the penis and slowly began inserting.

I ran into her hymen and briefly stopped, I told her that it will hurt momentarily does she want to go through with it. I told her if I break it, she becomes a woman from a girl. She just bit her lip and closed her eyes, I took time just kept in kissing her whispering her to relax finally after a minute she was totally relaxed, I in one swift motion pushed it in to her pussy in one stroke.

I could feel the hymen splitting and the mometary tightness around my penis bulb before all of it got in. I felt lot of wetness now and realized that she was bleeding as well. I thrusted in and out deeply and each time used the entire length of the penis to achieve longer strokes. She went over the edge and was on the verge or orgasm.

I briefly stopped, she said "It feels so good, now I know how my mom got pregnant when she went to work, umarried. This desire is uncontrollable, please fuck me". I continued pumping when I also was on the edge, I said "I am about to spill into your pussy, don't worry about getting pregnant, I will give you some pills, who was your mother". Just I was erupting a huge load into her pussy. She kissed me and said "her name is Rukmani" !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Oh my god what have I done ?

Click here to download cock raising amateur sex videos from the Indian Subcontinent featuring horny bhabhi's sucking and fucking their devar's.

Posted by admin on January 13, 2012 12:00 PM Permalink | Comments (9)
Horny couple fucking in the pool with people around voyeur MMS
Posted on January 12, 2012 1:00 PM, Filed under General
Horny couple fucking from behind in swimming pool with people around 	Naughty couple having sex in the pool in public shot by a voyeur


