Handing her husband the pear she had picked just for him should not have been so nerve-wracking. But that had been nothing compared to his dramatic reaction to his first bite. His eyes had very nearly rolled up into his head; his entire body had jerked once and then he had crashed to his knees. For a torturous instant she had feared... 

Is he choking? Had she given him a variety of pear that is poisonous? Or had she infused it with her feelings incorrectly? Had Philomena lied to her or had Alice misunderstood? Or—? 

For one truly terrible moment, she had thought back to the widow ’s weeds... sometimes she still sees them out of the corner of her eye in her Room... like a figure pressing through a mist... Had they been trying to tell her something far more alarming than she had thought? Will she be the cause of her own solitude and abandonment? Will she inadvertently push him away... injure him... kill...? 

But no. No, thank Underland! No, she had not done those things. He had opened his eyes, wept openly while smiling with such joy and relief and awe it had nearly broken her heart. He had pulled her into his arms – and she ’d tried to be careful with her knees and elbows which had seemed twice as awkward as usual – and clutched the pear against her back and shivered with reaction. 

She had held him back just as tightly, had whispered into his ear, “I love you, Tarrant Hightopp, my husband.” And she had kept her arms around him as he had sobbed against her tunic. 

Thankfully, the storm of emotions have long since passed. She leans back against the trunk of the pear tree, Tarrant’s head in her lap and considers the way the leaves play with the sunlight. Her right hand moves through his hair absently, petting and twirling locks around her fingers, combing and gently parting pathways to his scalp that disappear the instant her fingers move away. 

She takes a deep breath and glances down at him, watches her husband consider the pear still held in his hand – and now held up for his inspection – and the single bite he had taken from it. 

“You needn’t eat it all,” she whispers. 

“There is nothing preventing me from doing so,” he tells her happily. 

She tilts her head to the side. “So, does that mean I did it correctly? Putting my feelings into it, I mean.” 

“Too well,” he replies enthusiastically on a cackle. He squirms a bit, tilting his head back over her thigh to meet her gaze. “Your feelings were highly... Concentrated.” 

She snorts. “Well, I was concentrating very hard.” She chases a few strands of his hair as the breeze stirs them. “I’d never done anything like that before. I was sure I wouldn’t do it right and I would hand you a normal pear and you’d be so disappointed...” 

“Alice, my silly, silly wife. You could never disappoint me.” 

“Good. Because I never want to.” 

Bracing his not-pear-clutching hand against the ground, he sits up and turns swiftly to face her. “Alice... you realize that you have succeeded at everything you have tried? Why would this pear be any different?” 

Alice feels a wry smile pull at her lips. She shakes her head, denying the praise. She is not so remarkable. Not really. Tarrant is the one who— 

His fingers grip her chin suddenly, startling her out of her thoughts. 

“Why do you not heed me on this?” he wonders softly in contrast to the firm press of his thumb against her chin. 

She shrugs. “Perhaps because I never set out to do anything grand...” 

“But you did. You slayed the Jabberwock. You sailed the world Above. You decided to love me... You very much intended to do those things.” 

“Then... perhaps I was mistaken. I did set out to do those things... but not for the sake of grandness.” 

He smiles. “Yes,” he lisps on a whisper. “Precisely, my Alice.” A breathless moment follows. Alice lifts a hand and wraps her fingers around his wrist, wonders if he will lean toward her, permit her to taste his lips... 

Without breaking the embrace that their gazes are enjoying, he nods toward the arbor they had passed through from the backyard of their house, over the river and through the woods. “Do you think just anyone can make Doorways lead Somewhere, Alice? And do you think just anyone could have convinced an arbor to take on the traits of its distant cousin, the archway? Why, the two are on such poor terms they are never seen in the presence of each other! Can’t even stand to be in the same room together!” 

She frowns. “I don’t understand. I thought... Well, doorways are everywhere in Underland, are they not? Can’t everyone make them?” 

“No, my Alice. It takes a unique charm to flatter portals into sharing a threshold – very cozy, thresholds. Most doors are quite selfish, desiring both and entrance-side and an exit-side all their own. And arbors!” He huffs and Alice sighs at the evidence of his chuffed disbelief: he is Impressed. 

“But, I simply asked them if—” 

He swipes his thumb over her lips and gently interrupts. “I shall introduce you to the Queen’s Carpenter,” he promises. “Perhaps you will believe him. An expert in his field, so to speak.” 

Faced with the impassioned obstinacy of the Devoted, Alice subsides. Let him think she is extraordinary. It feels... nice to be so regarded and so unabashedly. 

“There it is,” he murmurs after a moment during which Alice feels her smile widen and her heart warm. 

“What?” she asks just as softly. 

“Ye’re glowing, Alice,” he informs her. 

She draws a breath to inform him that he’s looking rather luminous himself – his eyes are bright and the pale, stained skin of his face seems to be lit from within... 

He presses his lips to hers. Finally. He frames her face in his hands even though one still grasps the pear. The smell of the fruit and the scent of him blend in the air and she moans into the hot, sweetness of his mouth. He tastes like the pear. And he tastes like Tarrant. 

Home, she realizes. He tastes like home. 

And when he pulls back, she does not sigh with loss. As she had told the Queen, Alice has lost nothing in choosing to marry this man, to become Underlandian, to stay with him... 

“You make me happy,” she informs him. 

For a long moment, he cannot speak through his smile. And then he replies huskily, “And I shall do my utmost to continue that trend, my Alice.” 

Alice leans forward and steals a kiss for herself from his unprotesting lips and decides that she will let him. She will let him make her happy. She will let herself make him happy. 

“Are you going to finish that pear?” she asks against his mouth when she leans back. 

“Little by little, my wife,” he whispers back, cradling the fruit to his vest. “I plan to savor it for as long as possible.” 

And when he leans forward and presses his mouth to hers again, she not only forgets about the pear, she forgets about the sometimes-there black dress in her Room. Alice does not realize it at that moment, but she comes to understand later – when she passes through her Room once more and notices the truly empty space where the dress form had stood, where only a vague, dress-shaped shadow lingers now – that with the aid of a single pear, her Fear had been defeated, had been turned into a mere Shadow of its former horror. 

No, she does not realize this now. Now she is savoring this freely given kiss... and trying not to remind herself of the date. But of course she knows... how could she not? She has been counting down to this day for two fortnights. 

“We’re still courting, Alice,” he reminds her, reminds himself in a voice that is breathless. She smiles in commiseration and relaxes her grip on his jacket lapels. 

“Then, let’s court,” she replies. “Take me for a walk, husband. I need to brush up on my Tree Speech.” 

He giggles and winks. “Don’t let the trees hear you call it brushing up . I’m afraid they might become quite offended at the mislabeling of their stature.” 

“Ah, yes. Because they are Trees and not Brush.” 

“Precisely.” He stands and offers Alice his hand – the one not still holding onto the pear – and she takes it. 

He pulls her to her feet and she warns him: “I’m afraid I’ve already forgotten most of the Tree words you taught me. I shall need a translator, at least for a while.” 

“A while, a ways... always, my Alice. However long, however far, I do not mind in the slightest... Have I made a rhyme?” He waggles his brows and Alice chuckles. Then, with a smile he offers her his arm and, chortling anew at his Courtly manners, she takes it.