Megatron sprawled in the chair opposite Prime’s desk as the Autobot worked. Red Alert and Prowl had thrown fits, he knew, but Prime had argued that it was needlessly cruel to leave a mech that had to obey him, locked up in his rooms all the time. They hadn’t looked like they particularly cared how cruel it was, but after witnessing Prime order him to not attempt to learn anything about private Autobot business, and to immediately purge anything that he accidentally discovered, they backed off.

Megatron had actually balked at going. He didn’t like the idea of wiping memories, regardless of what they were. There were a good many he would doubtlessly be better off without, but they did shape him, so he wouldn’t delete them. Prime assured him he would use caution to avoid the issue as much as possible. Megatron was irritated he’d let the reaction show.

Now, however, nearly a week later, things were going well enough. He wasn’t actually in Prime’s office very much at all. Usually less than an hour after his morning scans from Ratchet. And he’d only been forced to accept one more overload. That was likely to end though by morning. Ratchet had once again commented on the strain on his systems. As if Megatron was unaware of it.

“If you’re bored we could go for a walk. You’re fidgeting.”

Megatron cast a glare at Prime. “I’m not some pet to be walked.” That traitorous voice whispered he was whatever his master told him he was, and nothing else.

“Tonight then?”

“Tonight what?” Megatron snapped.

Prime’s optics dropped back to the datapad he was working on. “You know what,” he muttered. “You lose patience faster when you begin to need it.”

Megatron stood abruptly. “Yes, a walk. Before I disobey you, and break something.”

“Can you do that?” Prime asked, setting aside the datapad, and rising.

“No,” Megatron snarled. But I want to! he thought, and ignored the buzz of discomfort in his circuits. He was getting quite sick of Prime’s calm composure. He never reacted with more than a tired sigh, if even that!

Prime waved Megatron out ahead of him, and locked the door behind them. Megatron fumed along beside him. These occasional walks wound through the Ark by the less used corridors, to avoid either of them being harassed by curious mechs. None of them were restricted, and even if they were, Megatron would have forgotten it.

“Do you-“ Prime began, only to be cut off by the lights dimming, and emergency beacons flashing.

Prowl’s voice rang out above the alarms. “All hands report. Imminent Decepticon attack in-“

An explosion rocked the base, and Megatron didn’t have time to snicker as Prime grabbed him by the arm, and began running. Obedience was implicit in such an act, or he would have tried to defy Prime. Or at least stall him.

“You can’t bring him in here!” Red Alert shouted the moment they entered the Command Center. “He can’t be here! He’s… he’s… He probably called them here!”

“Energy cuffs, Prowl?” Prime asked completely ignoring his Security Director. Prowl tossed the cuffs, and rushed out the door. Prime snapped one cuff around Megatron’s wrist, and towed him to the console, locking the other around an exposed pipe. “You will not attempt to escape. You will wait right here until I return. You will obey Red Alert unless his order contradicts one I have already issued. Understand?”

“Yes, Prime,” Megatron sneered.

Prime was gone in the next instant, leaving a still sputtering Red Alert in his wake. Only a few moments after Prime appeared in battle, Megatron felt the pressure associated with Soundwave’s mental intrusion. Megatron’s comm system had been disabled, and he had been ordered not to attempt to contact anyone without Prime’s explicit permission.

However, Soundwave was contacting him.

Lord Megatron, Soundwave said.

Soundwave. It took you long enough, but there is a… complication. 

Apologies. Can you escape? 

Megatron continued to watch the monitors. Soundwave was not visible, but every other Decepticon was. The battle was raging rather fiercely. If they fought like this all the time, we would have won by now. And no I can’t escape.

He was distracted from Soundwave by Starscream. Megatron knew that formation. That set up. And it was aimed at Prime.

If Starscream killed Prime...

Megatron turned to Red Alert. “Warn Prime about Starscream.”

“I hardly need you telling me how to do my job!” Red Alert snapped.

Megatron growled, and leaned as close as he could, using every bit of his size and sheer presence to intimidate the little fool. “Do you want Prime dead? Tell him Starscream is setting up an attack on him!”

“It doesn’t look li-“

“Now!” Megatron roared. Red Alert jumped, armor rattling, and pushed a button on the console. “Prime!” Megatron snapped, not waiting for Red Alert to find his voice. Prime stiffened. “Shoot down Starscream before he offlines you! I don’t want that traitorous fool to inherit me!”

Several Autobots targeted Starscream, and he and his trine scattered. Thundercracker was struck, and nearly crashed before managing to transform and land.

Megatron focused back on Soundwave. Get out there and ruin things enough for Starscream to call a retreat.

My Lord- 

Now! 

Yes, Lord Megatron, Soundwave said, and obeyed. It took nearly a breem more, but with a frustrated shriek, Starscream called the retreat.

Megatron scoffed at Prime’s sincere, “Thank you,” when he finally came for Megatron. Later, in Prime’s quarters, he was fairly certain Prime was trying to make his overload as good as he was able in appreciation. It was annoying because Megatron certainly didn’t want Prime functioning. He just wanted to be owned by Starscream even less. It was also humiliating. He was being rewarded with an overload. Like some pet to be trained!

Megatron hated it all the more as Prime managed to get a genuine moan out of him this time.

He consoled himself with the possible reason as to why Prime was so good with his hand.