The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or any
other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder, except
may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access, noncommercial archive sites.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

Please!  Give me your comments.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

This is the repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance. 

Dear readers,  For those of you who thought Chapters 41 and 42 proved both Davy and I were
SOBs, I hope when the story is finally over,  we both will be exonerated.  E.Z. 
 

MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 43

Decision

When the Hermit said he wanted Lisa to suck his cock, we all froze, none of us moving an inch. 
Even the gentle thrusting of Lisa's hips and her sucking of the Hermit's  thumb stopped. She
popped his thumb from her mouth to stare at me.  

We all realized where the Hermit was going with his conversation.  He would want all of them. I
began to shake as the sweat oozed from my pores. My pulse accelerated, my head pounded. 

While Lisa enjoyed being given to others, it had always been under my orders.  Being ordered to
do it released her desire so she could participate in wild sex without guilt. Mary had been shared
for her pleasure and mine, usually to reach a specific goal rather than just for sex. She enjoyed it
but could easily live without it.  But, Andy had always been adamant that she was only for me. 

But, what they wanted was not really relevant. What did I want?  Did I want the formula more
than I wanted them?  Which would you have wanted more?  

"How many kittens do you have, Dave?" he asked in a pleasant, business like tone. But, his eyes
were not pleasant.  They were glacial pools.

"Three thousand."

"Three thousand.  Well, then, you would not miss three.  I tell you what.  Give me these three.  I
mean give them to me permanently.  I will give you the formula and you can leave now."

"Do it!" screamed Diablo in my head and my mouth opened but no sound was emitted. I was
sweating profusely now, with the dry desert air evaporating it immediately, leaving my skin prickly.
The war was being waged in my head for control, control of me, and through me, of my kittens.  I
felt slightly nauseous and my knees were weak.  

I saw the faces of my three women: two kittens programmed to obey, and one slave, a volunteer
wanting to belong to me. 

In moments of great stress, time seems to stand still, or at least slow to a snail's pace, so each and
every nuance is clearly recorded and analyzed by your brain. Time slowed now in that way. 

Lisa, who was on her knees with her legs spread, dropped the chain attached to her clit hood with
which she had been stimulating herself.  Gracefully, she rose and straightened her clothing while
her eyes held mine. Her bell tinkled as it fell between her calves, swinging from the chain.  She
had a look of cold resolve I had not seen from her in a while. 

Mary had been kneeling by me. Her face had a sad expression, mouth tight, lips compressed, as if
locked in a deja vu which was painful.  I wondered if she had gone through this hell with Uncle
Bert and knew exactly what was inside me as she always seemed to do.  She was slowly shaking
her head, telling me not to do it.

I stood and Andy stood with me. She pressed up against me, straddling my thigh. I could feel her
leg rubbing against my cock and my leg against her pubis. She put her arms around my waist and
buried her head in my shoulder, her golden hair soft against my chin, her breasts soft on my chest.
She squeezed me tightly, holding on for dear life.  The Hermit still had those hard eyes locked on
me.

Andy stepped back.  She had a worried, intense expression on her face.

"Sweetheart, are you thinking about accepting his offer?  I mean, are you thinking of trading us for
the formula?"

Was I thinking about it? Did I so want a formula allowing me to make any women a kitten, any
man a neutered lap cat, that I would trade all three of them, Andy, Mary, and Lisa, for it? Diablo
and the Doc were screaming in my brain, demanding I take the formula, pushing my own natural
self which would have taken the three of them over the formula in a minute. 

I am programmed to think rationally, clearly and deeply. My genes and my upbringing are not of a
power seeking nature, yet, I was considering it. Andy could read that in my face.  I did not need to
answer her. 

"Oh, Davy. I am your woman, your kitten. Remember that first day we met?  I told you I was
going to be with you the rest of your life.  I said I would bear your children.  I told you I would
make you the happiest man on earth.  Remember?"

"Yes."

"I meant it, sweetheart.  I am yours. I will do all those things for you, but I will not be given away."

Her back was straight, chin set, eyes loving but unbendable.  Her resolve was complete.  Like so
many women, there was steel under the softness.  That strength was showing through now.

"A woman is supposed to help her man, support him, stand by him in times of troubles like these. 
I have always stood by you.  I am standing by you now even though you have been very mean to
me the last few days.  I understand now why you were mean and I forgive you."

She smiled lovingly and ignored my non responsiveness.

"Sweetheart, may I do something I think will help clear your head?"

The devil dog was screaming for me to say no. I shoved him back toward that dank corner where
he should always be and nodded my head affirmatively.

I have told you a lot about Andy and by now you know her almost as well as I do, except I have
the fun of actually experiencing her. She is a skier, an outdoors type with a beautiful and strong
body. She also has quick reflexes as you might expect from someone so adept at skiing. I saw her
hand move. I saw the tiny shift of her weight from her heels to her toes. 

My face felt like it had been stung by a thousand little ants as I fell back from the force of her slap.
I reached to rub my left cheek as my head rung and my face throbbed. I saw the loving, caring
laughter in her eyes and the wry smile on her lips.  

"Does that help clear the cobwebs, sweetheart, or should I slap you again?  I will do it if I think
you need it."

"Not again," I replied, still rubbing my face.  

"Please, one more.  You do deserve it."

I did deserve it but one was quite sufficient. It helped me lock the devil dog in his cell in the back 
of my mind.  For the first time in days, I saw what I had.  I had treasures beyond the formula,
treasures beyond what any other man had.  I smiled at them. Lisa smiled back at me. 

"I am not programmed.  I am here by choice.  I will not be given away," she said softly.

"I am programmed but I have some free will. I will not be given away either," Mary said.

"What is your answer, Davy?" the Hermit barked.

I could not remember the last time I had a thought without Doc or Diablo intervening. The raw
compulsion for power had been eating at me and driving me.  Oh, I still needed the formula to
rescue Cathy but I would not let that need be an excuse to obtain the formula for other purposes.
That would be the power controlling me. I took a deep breath, a long, deep breath of fresh, clean
desert air. I could feel the anxiety of the struggle flowing out of me like water from a leaky bucket. 

They all three came to me, surrounding me, bodies against mine, arms around me, hands stroking
and reassuring me, their warmth and softness engulfing me. 

I felt my own ego reasserting itself, shoving aside the dark side of my being to take control again.  I
was reenergized as the weight of the power struggle lifted away. But, the removal of that weight
made me almost giddy. 

I began to cry and they cried with me.  I felt their bodies shaking.  Their tears wet my shirt as mine
wet their hair.  Who says guys should not cry?  This was a good cry, a cleansing cry, reflecting the
making of a decision and the relief from stress and tension that decision afforded. 

When my tears finally ceased to flow, Andy gently stroked my cheek where she had slapped me. 
She took the end of her golden hair and dabbed away my tears, drying my face with her hair.  I
kissed her long and slowly.  Then, I kissed Mary and Lisa in the same way. I had not felt this good
in weeks.

I had almost lost it.  I had been so close to doing the wrong thing.  You know the elation you feel
after some very difficult task in finished or difficult decision is reached, and you feel so damn good
about it and about yourself, you could pop?  That is the way I felt at that moment. 

No wonder Uncle Bert had been emphatic in cautioning me. I gained new respect for him for
having overcome his own devil dog. I pulled Mary's head back to look into her tear streaked face.
She was reading me and I could tell she believed it was going to be okay now, that the good side of
Dave Wilson had defeated the bad. That alone gave me renewed confidence and vigor.

The Hermit was watching us quietly but the ice in his eyes had melted.

"Well, Davy.  Do we have a trade?"

"Hermit," I said. "Why don't you take the formula and shove it up your ass."

The pint sized old codger threw back his head and laughed, a deep, braying sound. All of us stared
at him as he doubled up in laughter. Wiping tears from his eyes, he shook my hand as he grinned
up at me. 

"Bert was right.  You are a good boy, but, perhaps, I should say a good man. Why don't you ask
your ladies to wait inside? We need to talk, Dave."

"We can talk in front of them.  They have been programmed never to reveal anything."

"Lisa is unprogrammed you said."

I looked down at her and she blushed hotly but did not look away. A slutty, happy smile crossed
her face.

"I would not mind being programmed if I will be like Mary.  Can I always stay with you? Will you
still give me to other guys some times?"

"If you like."

"I like," she said, reaching up to be kissed.  

"You people wait here.  I will be right back," the Hermit said, walking away from us. 

He walked past his hut and toward a cut in the rock wall behind the corral.  He returned in two
minutes, struggling to drag a small steel safe. I helped him drag it to the grass area where the
kittens waited. It had a combination lock like any other safe. 

"Well?" I asked.

"Hell, I don't know the damn combination.  I thought you did," the Hermit growled. 

"No, I don't.  Mary?" I asked looking at her.  She shook her head 'no.'

Andy slipped off her T-shirt, then unzipped her skirt and let if flutter to the ground, leaving herself
naked. Slowly, sexily, she turned clockwise letting us see all of her body.  This kitten who was
embarrassed to be seen scantily dressed was now showing herself off undressed all the way. 

"Hot damn, that is some woman," the Hermit muttered under his breath. 

I had to agree. Andy was something.  She turned back counterclockwise, then clockwise again. 
She  redressed as quickly as she had undressed. 

"Why did you do that, Andy?"

"Do what, sweetheart?" she replied innocently. 

Bingo.  But, you probably figured it out before I did.  Leave it to an old tom cat like Uncle Bert to
devise a combination based on his favorite numbers. I turned the dial on the safe.  Thirty-five
right. Twenty-three left.  Thirty-six right. I clicked the handle.  The safe door swung open.

Inside was a wooden, hay lined box, the kind used to ship the most expensive wine. It contained a
one liter bottle of a clear liquid.  There was also a typewritten note.  It read:

"Davy,  

Congratulations.  You are at the end of your search. By now, you have wrestled with the moral
and ethical ramifications of the formula, which to me is much more difficult than the chemistry.  I
hope you have a great deal more respect for power, any power but particularly this power, then
you did before I sent you on this treasure hunt.  

I know you are in control of your own desires for power or you would not be reading this. I had
built into the Hermit, Mary and Andy safeguards which would have kept you from your goal had
you not won that fight.  I did not tell you about that additional programming, did I?  Well, sue me.

One of those safeguards was the Hermit offering to trade the formula for Mary and Andy. This
was a test he and I agreed to give you. Obviously, you passed. 

Understand! The fight is not over!  You have won for now but the devil dog will be back and you
will need to fight him again and again.  It gets easier each time, believe me. Having two loving and
wonderful women close to you will be a great help, I assure you. 

You cannot program yourself to avoid the devil dog.  Do not even try.  You must control power
and to do that you must be unprogrammed in regards to it. Realize you must have and use power
to maintain the kittens and your lifestyle.  While 'absolute power corrupts absolutely' is a true
maxim, it is also true that 'power abhors a vacuum'. If you do not use your power to direct and
manage yourself, your kittens and your estate, someone else will step in to control them and you.   
How do you think dictatorships get started?  

I programmed Andy to slap you for shock effect if she thought you needed it. If she did, blame it
on me.  No.  Blame it on yourself because you deserved it. 

I programmed Mary with the possible ramifications of your behavior throughout the treasure hunt
so she could help you reach my goal for you by predicting your decisions and actions. She was
unaware of this programming, of course. She probably thought she could read your mind and you
may have thought the same thing.   

By the way, I have experimented with mind reading from the programming but without success. I
have had small success directing an unprogrammed person by concentrating my thoughts on them,
which is mind control of a different kind.  I do not know how well this would work ultimately.

Son, as I write this, I am a little blue. When you read it, you will be enjoying all those delicious
kittens and I will dead as a mackerel with the worms eating my bones. The power did not extend
my life one minute.  Stop reading this now.  Take Mary in your arms and give her a big, strong
kiss.  Play with her ass as you do.  She likes that.  Tell her it is from me."

Mary looked surprised when I pulled her into my arms. She responded quickly, her arms around
my neck as she hungrily returned the kiss. I took one of her wonderful ass cheeks in each hand,
kneading them as we raped each other's mouth. When I told her it was from Uncle Bert, she burst
into tears.  Lisa and Andy began to cry with her, tears of sympathy running down their faces. Even
the Hermit shed a tear, although the tough, old, boot turned away, hoping we would not see him. 
I did not return to the note until Mary had been comforted and quieted.

"God, I love that woman.  But, I loved a lot of them, didn't I?  I did love them, you know.  And,
you must love them, too.

Now, the rest of the formula is on the attached sheet.  The bottle contains one liter of the formula. 
Since a dose is fifty cubic centimeters, you have enough to program twenty people. That should
tide you over until you can digest the formula, assemble the components and replicate the
chemical. 

Since you have never programmed anyone, I suggest you have a long talk with Mary and Andy
about it. As you know, Mary is aware of her programming, was present when I programmed some
of the other kittens, and can discuss it freely.  

Andy, however, is unaware.  She is programmed to go into a trance during which she remembers
nothing when programming is discussed in her presence. To change that, perform the following
steps. With your cock in her, program her to purr like a kitten. As she is purring say 'Andy,
programming access to full knowledge levels. Discussion mode. Begin.'  She will be aware she had
been programmed and of the impact of the programming on her.  She will be able to discuss it
freely, just as Mary is.  At this point, her programming will appear to be the same as Mary's but it
will not be.  Mary has free will. Andy does not.  She will just be aware of everything resulting
from her programming and be able to discuss it.

She will remain in this mode, that is aware of her programming and that of others, until you cancel
it.  That command follows. Again, while you are fucking her and she is purring, say 'Andy,
programming access. Terminate discussion mode. Return to normal programming. Terminate
now.'

The Hermit is not programmed but he does not need to be.  You can trust him with your life. 

Well, I guess that is just about everything.  I wish I was there with you.  Do me a favor, will you?   
Some time you will have children. Have a lot of them!  I hope Andy bears some of them for you. I
think that adorable little kitten will have beautiful little kittens of her own. Anyway, the favor.  Tell
them about me, about their grandfather.  Tell them he wanted to be there to see them grow but it
was not in God's plan.
 
Say hello to the Hermit for me and tell Mary and Andy I love them. I love you, too, son.  May
God bless and keep you.  Dad."

 To be continued . . . 

Please!  Give me your comments.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com
