Doppleganger X by Geek Writer
*******************************
Read the other stories to figure out where we are:)
Copyright 2002@ by ME!!!DON'T COPY PLEASE!!!
*******************************
After the last several days of debauchery, I felt like I needed a little break.  Jen decided that she wanted a sampling of what she had given the night before so with James' fluid in her, she changed her shape.  She was a particularly powerful vessel in that she could change her shape when she had the fluid from a doppleganger.  Normally, she would need one of us to change her, and since James's accident had taken his ability to change himself or a vessel, she was the perfect partner for him.  As I watched as Jen's enormous dick shrunk back into her crotch, I wrapped a robe around me and slid off the bed.  James and Jasmine were lying on the bed watching Jen's change, already playing with each other.  Jen's hardpacked muscles softened and smoothed out, the hair on her head lengthening, her waist shrinking and her hips flaring.  Long blonde hair covered a now very shapely ass as Jen finished the transformation from Adonnis to Venus.  Her features softened, settling into luscious red lips, a button nose, and high cheekbones.  She cupped her chest as her globes grew to fill her hands and then some.  She looked delicious.

I had promised Jasmine that she could have the huge pecker, so I obliged her asking her to sit up on the bed.  She came to the edge as I took her head in my hands.  There was still plenty of fluid in her to sustain any change I wanted to make.  I slowly melted her feminine features back so that she looked neither male or female.  The soul shining out of her eyes was breathtaking to behold.  I cupped her face in my hands and kissed her, hardening her features and darkening her skin.  I made her taller, more muscular, and well endowed.  She smiled brightly and gave me a quick kiss.  "The car is in the garage, don't be gone too long..."

And with that, I was forgotten.  Jen, James, and Jasmine all converged in the middle of the bed and started kissing, licking and sucking.

Smiling, I went out the door and closed it behind me.    I crossed the hallway and went into my room.  I shed the robe and went to take a shower.  I stood under the water for q while, just letting the water run off me before getting out and toweling myself dry.  It had only been a few days since I had found out I was different, but man was I having the time of my life.  I had a craving for mexican food, so I got dressed in slacks, an oxford shirt, blazer and expensive shoes.  I wanted to be alone for a little bit, so I thought I would stop by the book store, grab a book and go grab some dinner at my favorite restaurant.

I went back out into the hallway, pausing at their door to listen.  I heard three voices moaning loudly and beat a hasty retreat before my hormones got the better of me.  I had gone back to my own form with an adjustment here and there.  I was better equipped, a little more muscluar, and the classy clothes didn't hurt either.  I felt pretty good as I went through the foyer and through the side door into the garage.  I stopped at the top step and just stood there drooling.  There were 4 cars there, all of them in mint condition.  A black corvette, a red ferrari, a white convertible mustang, and a classic Jaguar lined up in a row, just begging me to drive them.  I look on the wall as I walked in and saw the keys hanging on a rack.  I pulled the Vette keys and drank in the curves of an absolutely perfect black vette.  I got in and felt a rush throughout my body as I started the engine.  I had never known that you could get an erection from a car, but I was wrong.  The low purring of the engine sent a shock through my body that centered on my ripening dick.  I let the engine idle and sat back, letting the leather seats hug my form.  If Jasmine were a car, she would be this corvette.  

I hit the opener on the visor, and saw the door open up behind me.  I backed out slowly and pulled slowly down the driveway.  As I got closer to the gate, it opened, allowing me through.  I drove slowly down the block, memorizing the houses and streetsigns as I made turns that I thought would take me back to the interstate.  Finding it, I went south until I hit the beltway, caught Route 59 to the Richmond exit, and drove down Richmond to the Galleria.  It's the biggest mall I had ever been to, and today it seemed like it was at my fingertips.  I didn't really feel like shopping for things since I wasn't sure exactly what I had.  In fact, I reached for my wallet and opened it.  Did I have any money on me?

The wallet was different, but that was to be expected.  I looked at the license and saw my silly mug in the pic.  I looked around and saw the stretch of road was deserted.  I blurred my features slightly, chiseling my jaw and lightening my hair to steel gray.  I watched the stats on my license change as I reshaped my physical form.  Chuckling, I stuck the wallet back in my jacket and drove to the restaurant.  I noticed before I closed it that it was full of money and gold credit cards.  

Smiling to myself, I pulled into the parking lot and got out of the car, locking it.  The parking lot was fairly empty since it was between lunch and dinner, so when I went inside and asked for a table, I was seated immediately.  I must have done something right with my new features because all of the waitresses were eyeing me.  I picked up several different scents, most of them just wondering what the man looked like under the clothes.  My waitress was pretty and nice, and not super interested in my conversation, so I ordered and sat back to wait, munching on a few chips.  There were several different groups of waiters and waitresses standing around talking.  I noticed that one in particular was centered around who I assumed was the manager.

After a few minutes, she separated from the group and walked towards my table.  She smiled at me when she got there asking, "Is there anything I can get for you Sir?"

"No, thank you.  My waitress is doing just fine."  I replied.  She had  short curly brown hair, blue eyes and a figure to make an hourglass jealous.  I put her at about 26 or so.  She wasn't blonde diva bombshell material, she was one of those hot cuties.  And man did she look tired.

"Would you like to join me?  I'm alone, and you look like you could use a few off your feet Miss...." I said, leaving the end of the sentence hanging.

"Westcott.  I'm Carrie Westcott."
"Nice to meet you Miss Westcott, I'm Duncan Campbell.  Will you join me for a late lunch?"

She smiled saying, "Thanks, but I really need to get home and have some downtime, you know what I mean?"  I caught her scent easily and read what she was really thinking, "Thanks, but I really need to go home and play with my vibrator because I'm horny as hell and too busy for a boyfriend."  I picked up a fantasy of hers that would do nicely as she stood and told me to enjoy my meal.

"It was nice meeting you Miss Westcott, I hope to see you again soon..."  I trailed off with a slight grin.  She smiled and waved going into the kitchen.  As the waitress came with my food, I saw her walking out the door with her coat on.  I knew where she lived from being in her head and wanted to give her sometime to get into the mood.

My food was excellent as always, I took care to only eat half so I didn't end up throwing it up during my exertions later.  I dropped a $70 on the table for my lunch, feeling like I could spread the wealth.  As I walked out the front door, putting on my sunglasses, I heard a squeal, "OHMIGOD".  I smiled to myself, liking the ability to leave a 50$ tip.  I unlocked the car and got in, making my way slowly to Carrie's apartment.  I kept my features as they were, i'd make adjustments as needed when I got there.  I pulled up outside her complex, parked, and locked the car.  Her scent was in the air, charged and excited.  I could tell that she was home, naked, and plunging a big long dildo in and out of her cunt.  I got hard just thinking about how I was going to barge in on it all.  

Her fantasy was that she would be interrupted in her dildo session by someone she hardly knew and then fucked silly.  I took off my jacket, draping it over my arm as I found the path leading to her apartment.  Her smell was getting stronger, her need causing my cock to get hard in my pants.  I looked around to see if anyone was watching, and seeing  no one, I quietly opened the door to her apartment.  I closed and locked it, taking in my surroundings.  It was pretty small with a living room and dining room combined.  The furniture was fairly decent, and she kept it neat.  I listened and heard a familiar buzzing coming from the bedroom so I dropped my jacket across the couch and started stripping.  As I pulled my socks off and began to move silently down the hallway, I could hear her moaning loudly.  She was really getting into it, but by the scent, she was still not close to her orgasm.

"No time like the present" I said to myself, looking down at my cock standing erect in front of me.  I inhaled through my nose deeply, reading her thoughts once more.

"Oh god he was hot, I wish he was here right now...Oh Big Blue, I wish you were Duncan...I left the door open for you Duncan, come to me....God this thing feels good but I want warm meat in me..."

I picked up the type of vibrator it was from the images in her head.  'Big Blue' was a ten inch monster with a veined shaft and a large mushroom capped head.  I looked down at my member, swelling it to the correct proportions, holding it for a second.  It was rock hard and ready to go.

I waited until I heard her moan loudly, "Ohhh Duncan..." before opening the door and walking inside.  Carrie was on her back in the middle of a queen sized bed, fucking herself with a big blue dildo.  Her eyes shot open but she was too far gone in her orgasm to stop her hand from plunging the big blue dildo in and out.

"Wouldn't you rather have the real thing Carrie?"  I said as I crossed the room, getting up on the bed. 

"What the??" she began as I reached out and grasped the dildo, moving it in and out of her slowly.  

"Relax, don't ask how or why I am here, just enjoy it."  I laid down across the bed front of her, my hand working the dildo, my tongue going to work on her clit.  She moaned, weaving her hands into my hair.  I moved the dildo in and out of her slowly as I crossed her swollen clit with my tongue, causing her to grunt deeply.  She shifted suddenly, lying on her side as I attacked her clit with my tongue and lips.  I felt her mouth engulf my member, sucking it deeply in her mouth.  Her tongue bathed the top and head of my cock expertly.  She obviously practiced on big blue a lot in her mouth.  Her lips and tongue were driving me crazy, so I returned the favor, running my tongue back and forth over her clit, nibbling it every other stroke, causing her hips to shoot forward onto my face and the dildo.  Each time her hips ground into my face, she took even more of me into her mouth.  By the time she had 3/4 of my cock in her mouth and throat, I began thrusting my hips, skewering my dick into her mouth and shoving Big Blue in and out of her pussy.

I felt her legs tighten around my head like a vise as she enhaled my dick down her throat, her hands clutching my ass desperately.  It was too much for me so I let loose into her mouth with my sperm and shoved a finger in her ass.  If she had been high up from her orgasm, the finger thrust roughly into her ass sent her higher.  She pulled my dick out of her mouth and moaned with esctasy, thrashing beneath me.

"Hmmm, a sensitive ass..." I grinned inwardly, a plan taking shape.  I watched her writhe on the bed for a few minutes, mentally making myself hard once more.  When she opened her eyes, I had pulled the dildo out of her and laid it on the bed next to her.  She raised herself up onto her elbows in time to see the head of my dick spear into her pussy.  "OoooooHHHHH...YEAH!  Big Hot Prick in me...In IN IN!!!" she chanted as I slowly teased my way inside her.  I reached under her legs and grabbed her ass, giving me a better angle to spear into her cunt.  The leverage elongated her canal, so I pushed in and out of her with long deep strokes, making her moan, grabbing her nipples and twisting.

"Carrie needs a good hot fucking with a big hot cock baby...Mmm Hmmmmm, yeah baby fuck me with...Oh Baby!  Yeah, just like...OoooHHHHH  MMMMMMMMMMM!" she urged me on.  Her pussy was nice and deep and tight around my fat prick as I pushed it in and out of her.  She kept up her nasty talking as she wrapped her ankles around my neck, her shapely ass held in my hands.  

"Mmmm good hot fucking...ha huh huh huuuuu hah...oh god I needed a big fat prick in me and boy are you taking care of me...You like my pussy baby?  I don't know how you knew to come here, or how you found me, but keep sticking that big dick in my pussy oooooooooooooOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHH SHIT OH SHIT!!!!" she screamed as I timed a finger in her asshole to spear her in time with my cock.  It drove her over the edge, and almost took me with her until I pulled my orgasm back from the edge.  

A thought came to mind as her hips jammed back and forth on my cock and finger.  Without giving her time to think about it, I grabbed the dildo from the bed and turned her over onto all fours.  Sliding my dick back into her, I began teasing her ass with the blue dildo.  Her hips shot up as she moaned, "Yesssss."  I thrust in and out of her soaked pussy using one hand to pull her cheek to the side, and the other to slip the dildo into her ass.  She sucked air between her teeth as I tried to get the monster dildo into her, gasping when it finally popped inside.  She began to tense up, so I started banging her cunt hard, our thighs making loud slapping noises.  I slid the dildo in slowly as I began to change myself.  I had always wanted to plug a girl airtight, and now I was physically able to do it.  I began to grow a second penis between my bellybutton and the prick thrust into her cunt.  As it began to form, I sped up the cocks inside her.  I began to match strokes of my dick and the dildo until my second cock was fully formed and painfully erect.

Her moaning was constant as she had small multiple orgasms.  I pulled back on the dildo in her ass, freeing it from her and shoved my second dick in her, seating both of my cocks deep within her.  She barely noticed except to coo as she got a cock in her ass again.  I slowed down the pace, thrusting deeply and slowly into her, my cocks buried in her cunt and ass.  The sensation was multiplied by 10 instead of 2 because my whole groin was on fire now.  As I began to speed up, I put a hand in her hair, pulling her back against my chest.  When she was fully against me, I dropped the dildo in front of her where she could see it.

"What the?" was her only response before I grabbed her hips and started banging deeply and roughly.  "OHGOD OHGOD OHGOD!!!!" was her mantra as her ass and cunt gripped and constricted around my cocks.  She grabbed and groped at her tits as my hands guided her hips into mine repeatedly.  She angled herself forward slightly, allowing me deeper access to her ass.

"Gonna fuck you good baby, gonna fuck you right..." was all I kept saying over and over as I felt a wave of pleasure rush towards me.  I began comming in both of her hot wet holes as the wave hit me like a ton of bricks.  I screamed something primal as I clutched her hips desparately and emptied both cocks into her body.  My hips spasmed over and over, my seed spilling into her.  As I felt the last drop leave my body, I lost consciousness.

When I woke up, I was lying next to her.  It must have only been for a few seconds because she was still breathing heavily.  I quickly rid myself of the second cock, and reached for her.  For several seconds, I got no reaction until she rolled right into my arms, kissing me deeply.  We kissed for several minutes until she pulled back and said...

"Again...."

-Geek Writer-
let me know what you think! geek_writer@yahoo.com

All my stories are here:
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/geekWriter/