Fun on the Beach
byjulesteve©

Hello to everyone who enjoys our stories.

Steve and I had an interesting email with a rather good comment that indicates some readers are interpreting our sex life in a different way to how things are in real life.

This might be the reason behind some of the recent nasty comments.

To quote:


...Well skimming through your stories it seems you and your partner are swingers and it also seems that you both have sex with each other and others many times, although if the stories on LIT are true then you tend to have sex more than Steve...

It is not that I have sex more than Steve, but it is that we write about more of my adventures because the stories that are about Steve do not get any / very little feedback, therefore we submit what seems to be popular.

You are right that Steve and I 'both have sex with each other many times' and we are lucky to be as compatible as we both have a very high sex drive. But please remember that the stories are set months or sometimes years apart, they are not a daily or even monthly occurrence even if they read that way. We have only just started writing and are relating stories from a long relationship.

The other thing I would like to point out is that we don't organise things or go out of our way to have these experiences therefore I would not say we are swingers as such...it is always a case of... if the situation is right for a little excitement....go for it!

After receiving the email Steve and I read through the stories that we have submitted. When we came to the story 'first time exhibitionist' Steve read out one of the paragraphs.

The closest we have been to our fantasies was on holiday. With much persuasion Jules had gone topless on the beach, the sight of her perfectly-formed 36c breasts glistening with sun cream and exposed for the first time had me semi hard.

When she turned onto her stomach I thought she might have become embarrassed by some of the looks she was getting but this was far from true. Reaching back she untied the thin straps of her bikini bottoms pulled the material away from her buttocks and handed them to me because, 'she did not want tanned legs and a white ass.'

Although she kept her legs squeezed tight I was rock hard knowing if she opened them just a little anyone passing by might get a glimpse of her pussy.

As it was her bare bum was attracted a lot of attention.

When it was time to back to the hotel she put on the bikini top, pulled her pale blue sarong around her waist, but left the bikini bottoms off.

As we walked back the sun shone through the loose material making it partially transparent, the slight breeze caused it to cling to her thighs, outlining the shape of her mound so that she might as well have been naked.

There were many guys doing a double take wondering what they had actually seen. Jules had another surprise for me though; when the elevator reached our floor she stepped out, grinned over her shoulder at me, took off the bikini top and dropped the sarong walking along the corridor to our room absolutely naked.

J.

"That was some time ago, I can't believe that I did it" I laughed.

"The month after 'first time exhibitionist' you gave a repeat performance and more when we were on holiday" Steve said. "After your little private party with Terry, Jake and Brendan you were like a different woman."

I nuzzled against Steve and squeezed his cock through his jeans.

"Are you complaining?"

He laughed, "What do you think? I'm just saying that you were a little more confident sexually and that holiday was the first opportunity for you to have a little more fun and explore your exhibitionist side."

Giving his cock one last squeeze I said "Go and find the photos."

S.

We had both been owed a weeks leave from work and on the spur of the moment decided to book a holiday via the internet. Jules wanted somewhere warm with a relaxing beach and decent restaurants and after browsing several sites the Canaries seemed to be the answer, within the week we were booking into the hotel.

Despite her initial prudishness at the start of our last holiday Jules was now quite happy sunbathing topless, although she was still a little shy of wearing skimpy bikini bottoms. Despite this she was getting a fair amount of attention from guys walking past and although I could see that she was enjoying it when I asked her she said that they were just perverts.


Two guys, looking to be about early twenties, who had been sitting a little way off to Jules left suddenly picked up their stuff wandered over and put their towels down just in front of us, lying down on their stomachs facing Jules.

As it was off season there was plenty of space on the beach and Jules nodded towards them whispering.

"What do you think they are they up to?"

They lay with their chins resting on their forearms; both of them wore sun glasses in what I guessed was an attempt to disguise where they were looking.

A few more minutes past and neither of them had moved, I said to Jules.

"Don't get upset but I think they were ogling your tits before and have moved closer to see what else might be on view."

Jules immediately closed her legs and sat up

Neither guy moved, perhaps not wanting to give it away that they had been staring at her crotch.

I said. "Sorry Jules but there aren't many topless women on the beach; you can't blame them for looking."

She hesitated for a moment then grinned.

"Shall I give them something to look at?"


My mouth went dry. "What like?" I asked.

"Not too much, just a little camel toe." She whispered.

She was wearing a little pair of pale green bikini bottoms and as she lay back she adjusted them tugging the waist band so that the outline of her mound was clearly visible, just giving the slightest indication of what her pussy looked like.

One of the guys forgot himself and actually lifted up his shades to get a better look. She lay there for a second or two then whispered to me "Are they looking?"

I said that they were.

Jules opened her legs a little and slowly stroked a finger over her panties in an erotic fashion. Both of the guys seemed to be grinding their hips slightly as they watched her little display, they were both openly staring as she caressed the material between her legs. I could tell by the way that her nipples stood out that she was as turned on as they were but all too soon she closed her legs bringing an end to the show, pulled her t shirt on and turned onto her stomach to prevent any further viewing.

Later on that evening over a meal I joked with Jules about her little show.

"Did I go too far?" She asked.

"Not at all, it really turned me on seeing you teasing perfect strangers." I said.

She was quiet for a moment then said that she was turned on too.

"I was going to be very naughty and ask them to rub sun cream on my tits." She said. "But I thought that was going too far."

I laughed "As if it would have been any more shocking than touching your pussy... even though it was only over your bikini bottoms." I added.

"Anyway they might not have come over because we were together." she said.

"How about tomorrow we sit apart on the beach and see what happens?"

Jules gave it a moments thought then said. "Ok."

The next day on the beach I hired a lounger so that I would be sat slightly higher up than Jules, looking down on her. I had a good view as she sat on a towel and removed her bikini top exposing her firm breasts. As usual she had worn a sarong to walk down to the beach; reaching to one side she untied it, slipped the material from around her waist and lay back stretching out.

It took me a moment to realise that she was wearing a tiny thong bikini.

She caught my eye and smiled.

Although she was more confident in herself the new bikini was quite out of character. She lay on her back legs slightly parted, reading a book. A couple passed in front of us and both looked down at Jules, the guy said something to his girl and patted her bum making her giggle and they both glanced back giving Jules an appreciative look.

It was mid afternoon and the beach was pretty by the time the two guys from the day before came past and spotted Jules seemingly sitting on her own. They headed her way and even though they glanced at me I guessed that they had taken no notice of as I was sitting on the lounger a little away from Jules, besides they probably didn't recognise me from yesterday as their attention had been focused elsewhere.



They stopped right by Jules and this time made no attempt to be discreet as they set up their towels, openly gazing at Jules semi naked body. I could tell from the way her tongue darted out over her lower lip that she was nervous but she made no attempt to cover up, instead she shuffled her bottom, scooting down a little which caused the bikini to ride up between her legs so that the edges of her mound were now clearly visible.

Jules always waxes her pussy smooth so there was nothing to hide the sight of the delicate pink skin poking out from the flimsy material.

Jules had been wearing her old bikini while using a sun bed prior to our holiday in an attempt to be 'tanned for the beach' but as her new bikini was a lot smaller the little peek of pussy was highlighted by the lighter skin tone.

Both guys had stopped talking and were staring down at her opened mouthed.

I thought that this would be her little tease for today and she would cover up the same way she had the previous day, but Jules surprised me by making no attempt to bring her legs together letting the men take a good long look.

One of them said something and Jules sat up, put her book to one side and started politely chatting. Taking this an invitation they both sat at the edge of her towel.

She had brought her knees together as she sat up and I could see the disappointment on their faces as her thighs obscured the view of her scantily clad pussy, although it didn't stop them from openly ogling her boobs.

I sat there with my heart pounding and wondering what she would do next.

s they chatted one of the guys shifted position and I could see that there was a slight bulge in his shorts, Jules gazed shifted to his crotch and I could see that she was turned on just knowing that her semi naked body was exciting them.

It was also having an effect on Jules confidence, as she laughed at something they said she flirted a little leaning closer and very briefly touching an arm or a leg.

She sometimes gets very tactile when she has had a few drinks but I had never seen her behave this way sober.
Jules knelt up and reached past one of the guys to her bag, resting her hand on his knee for balance. He seemed to jump a little as one of her breasts very gently brushed against his arm then grinned at his mate who gave him a thumb's up.

She retrieved a bottle of lotion then held it out to the guys saying.

"Would you mind rubbing some sun cream on my back?"

They both shot a quick look over to where I was sitting and Jules giggled. "Oh don't mind him; he won't mind if we have a little fun, anyway it's only sun cream."

They both tried to grab the bottle before the other could get to it.

Jules pulled it out of their reach and said.

"There's no need to be like that, you can do half my back each."



My cock was twitching as she lay on her front. As this was the first time she had worn such a skimpy bikini bottoms I don't think that she realised just how much she was showing, it lay neatly along the crack of her ass and disappeared between her buttocks. At the bottom curve of cheeks her pussy was just peeking out from between her legs; the string nestled neatly along her slit.

She might as well have been naked.

Slowly the guys dribbled some of the lotion over Jules, the cool liquid making her shudder. They then took turns to massage it into her shoulders and back, she moaned and shifted a little as one of them rubbed the lotion along her side, his fingers brushing the curve of her breast.

Neither of them had been able to take their eyes off the little bit of her pussy just visible between her thighs.

Gaining confidence they worked the lotion up and down her body and with each stroke they got closer to her firm buttocks, stopping just short of touching them.

Sensing what they were being cautious Jules lifted her head and said.

"Don't be shy that needs doing too I don't want a red ass."

They glanced over at me, I shrugged. "It's what the lady wants." I said.

With that they moved so that they were either side of Jules hips and started to apply the lotion to her cheeks rubbing it in with light movements.

As they became more confident they started to apply a little more pressure slyly exposing a little more of her pussy by pushing her buttocks up and out causing the soft outer lips to part a little and pull away from the string bikini, giving a brief flash of the pink inner flesh of her vagina.

She must have known what they were doing but let them carry on for a while before saying. "I think you should do my legs now."

They reluctantly moved down and started to apply lotion to her calves working up along the back of her legs until they got to her thighs, still grabbing a sneaky look at her shaven pussy peeking out either side of the bikini.

As they worked back up towards her buttocks both of them were struggling to hide erections that were beginning to tent the front of their shorts.

Jules was very quietly moaning in pleasure as they started to massage the lotion into the back of her thighs and up over her buttocks.

As they got to the top of her legs one of them poured more lotion into his hand, paused for a second and then gently pushed a finger down along the curve of her buttock and down between her thighs.

Jules moved slightly, allowing him to run his hand back and forth, but still kept her legs closed, even so his hand was very close to her pussy.

As they dribbled some more lotion Jules opened her legs just a touch, allowing them access to the soft skin of her inner thighs.

They ran their hands slowly up and down caressing the soft skin stopping just before they touched her smooth mound.

The manipulation of her buttocks had caused the string of her bikini to work its way up so that it had all but disappeared between her legs.

My heart jumped as Jules parted her thighs, reached underneath her own body and manipulated the string, applying pressure with her finger tips so that it sank between her lips exposing her smooth slit to the guys.

Neither of them made a move to touch her, they just knelt there dumbstruck staring at her pussy until Jules turned on her side and said.

"Don't you want to finish putting lotion on me?"

Still neither of them moved.

"Go on what are you waiting for? You can touch as much as you like, just don't put your fingers in." Jules said, giving them permission.

After what seemed like ages one of them reached forward and tipped the bottle allowing the lotion to drizzle across the curve of her buttocks, watching as it ran down between her legs and over her smooth mound.

The cool lotion slowly trickled across Jules pussy, causing her to take a sharp breath.

Hesitantly they brushed their hands over my wife's buttocks coating their fingers in the lotion moving down over the soft curve of her cheeks then stroking along her inner thigh slowly inching along until their finger tips brushed along the edge of her pussy.

Jules sighed and moved her legs further apart allowing both of them touch her at the same time. At first they ran their hands back and forth, just brushing the soft crease where thigh and mound meet, they still seemed a little bit nervous, glancing up to check out the beach now again and perhaps not quite believing their luck.

I could tell from way Jules was breathing and a little twitch in her thigh that she was more than enjoying the attention and was nearing the point where all her focus would be on reaching orgasm.

I wondered how much further she would go to get there.

The two guys were getting much braver and were taking turns to run their fingers over her pussy where the string of her bikini disappeared, a little bit of moist labia just poking out from her damp slit as Jules became more and more aroused.

She twitched and gasped as they tickled their fingers over the tender flesh, stroking slowly at first but with an increasing urgency as Jules became more excited, their fingers soaked in her juices.

Both guys took their hands away as Jules suddenly shifted position raising her hips so that she could reach under herself, they watched expectantly as she touched a finger to her pussy, dipped the tip of it between her lips then slid it slowly along the length of her slit pulling the damp bikini away from her slick labia.

It stuck to her tugging the puffy lips of her vagina, using two fingers she parted her pussy lips slightly, opening herself up to the penetrating gaze of the two guys watching in a hushed silence as she displayed herself.

Gently she moved her hand down under her body, from the way her buttocks tensed I knew instantly that she had pressed a finger to her clit and from the way her arm was moving that she would be rubbing it in slow, gentle circular motions.

She let out a little murmur.
As Jules lay back down on the towel they both reached out to touch her again.

I shifted so that I could look down on the smooth cheeks of her ass and the slick wetness of her damp pussy, watching expectantly as one of the guys ran his hand along her slit, taking the slick labia between his fingers and rubbing gently while the other guy massaged her buttocks moving them outwards so that her pussy lips parted with a damp sound.

As they switched places he ran his hand over her cheeks and pushed her buttocks out opening her pussy up and exposing the pink depths, little bubbles of juice could been seen at her wet entrance as we all gazed between her legs.

Jules was moving her own hand at more frantic pace gasping words of encouragement as the guys took turns stroking their fingers over the length of her wet pussy from the top down to the bottom and back again, harder and more insistent as they tried to match her growing desire.

Caught up in her need to cum Jules started to rock her hips back and forth, pushing back against their hands the increased pressure and the slick wetness between her legs causing a finger to slip between her lips.

Both Jules and the guy froze for a moment "Accident, sorry." He said panicking; a little afraid he might have spoilt things.

As he started to move his hand away Jules said. "No, leave it there."

He hesitated at first until she rocked her hips back at him.

"Its ok I need to feel something inside me."

He gently held two fingers to her pussy then worked one of them between her lips adding pressure until it sank past the sopping string of her bikini and into her depths.

As soon as her swollen lips had closed over it he pulled it back and added the other finger, working them in and out.

Both of them watched fascinated as her tight pussy close over them then the way her delicate lips were tugged back, gripping him as he pulled his fingers almost all of the way out, before pushing them slowly back in, her wetness coating his hand. 

Jules was starting to shudder and I new she couldn't hold back any longer.

She pushed herself up onto her hands and knees arching her back and pushing her ass out offering herself to be pleasured, working her hips back and forth in time with their movements as they took turns to finger her.


While one guy knelt behind her the other positioned himself at her side, as she was now on her hands and knees he was able to reach out and cup her breasts squeezing them in turn gently manipulating the hard nipples between forefinger and thumb causing Jules to take a sharp gasp of breath.

He gave them one last squeeze then ran his hand down her body between her legs,

her body stiffened and she let out a little moan as he touched her clit making her gasp and jerk each time he rubbed a finger over it.

Sensing she was nearly close to orgasm the guy fingering her pussy increased the speed of his thrusts pushing his fingers so deep his hand made a wet slapping sound with each stroke.

The sound of his fingers in her sopping pussy was suddenly drowned out by Jules gasps as she collapsed forward onto her forearms, clamping her thighs tight around the hand still stroking her pussy as her orgasm hit making her tremble and shake. Juices flooded from her pussy and over the hand trapped between her legs.

Suddenly aware of where they were the two guys looked around to make sure no one had been alerted by her cries.

There was no need to worry as the beach was all but deserted, a few people had walked past but not close enough so that they would have noticed.

Besides it was that time of day when most people had headed back to their hotel to get ready for the evening meal so we were now pretty much alone.

Jules looked really out of breath and flushed when she turned over to thank them.

She looked fantastic laying there, a slight sheen of sweat glistening on her breasts, thighs damp with her juices, she had her legs closed ,just a little of her slit was visible.

Both guys were gazing at the spot between her legs while trying to hide the erections peeking over the tops of their shorts.

Jules smiled and said.

"You guys look a little uncomfortable there. I won't let you do anything else but you can take care of yourselves while you look at me if you want to."

They both glanced in my direction both unsure and embarrassed.

"I have to take this sun lounger back so I will meet you back at the hotel."

I said to Jules. "Have fun." And with that I left them to it.

J

As Steve left I said.

"How about it, do you want to cum on me?"

Both of them said "Yes." And after looking around to see there was no one about they pulled their shorts down letting their hard cocks spring free, little silvery trails dripping from the ends indicating how turned on they had been playing with me.

"Is this what you would like to see?" I said, spreading my legs and enjoying the attention. I watched them stroking their cocks as they looked down on me.

I massaged my breasts taking a nipple between my thumb and forefinger and squeezing it gently, sending ripples of pleasure through my body adding to the tingling in my loins. I pulled my bikini all the way down my thighs then stroked a finger between my legs spreading my lips and totally exposing myself.

Both of them were staring at my pussy as they worked a hand up and down their hard cocks, I got them to move so that they were kneeling either side of me.

"I want you to watch me get off while I look at you." I said.

"And then I want to watch you cum on me."

They both gasped as I slid two fingers into my hot, wet pussy the smooth walls of my vagina contracted, squeezing them as I pushed my fingers as deep as I could, imagining it was one of them filling me up.

I gently moved my fingers in and out as I watched the guys work on their cocks; one was pulling the foreskin back and forth over the purple angry looking head, pre cum coated his fingers and dribbled down the shaft. The other guy was pinching just below the head of his cock with thumb and forefinger and rubbing the shaft with the fingers of his other hand.

Both of them seemed to be just a few strokes away, everything seemed to be centred on my pussy.

I wanted to watch but most of all though I wanted to cum before they did.

I arched my back and raised my hips opening myself up further to their gaze as I grazed my fingers over my clit pushing me over the edge, my body stiffened as waves of pleasure consume me I pressed my hand to my pussy and just held it there as my juices flooded from between my legs once more, leaving me panting for breath, exhausted and spent.


Suddenly I heard a voice crying. "Oh fuck yes."

I felt a splash of warm liquid hit my breasts making me instinctively tense my body. A second squirt hit my belly and I felt it run into my navel, pooling in the middle of my stomach and running down my sides. He quickly straddled one leg and aimed his cock at my pussy, a silvery jet arching across my stomach and over my mons.

He adjusted his aim and the next few spurts trickle across my labia, dribbling down over my lips and pooling under my buttocks.

He continued to pump his hand as the last few dribbles landed wetly on my thigh.

He then shuffled back and quickly tucked himself back into his shorts, bright red.

I turned to look at the other guy, he seemed to be a bit more in control but was biting his bottom lip, face screwed up in concentration.

He saw me looking and said.

"Will you turn over for me so I can do it on your ass?"

I hesitated a moment then turned on my front.

He positioned himself behind me gently pushing my legs further apart so that he could kneel between them. My stomach flipped as felt his hand on my left buttock spreading my cheek exposing me as he had done earlier when they were sneaking peeks while massaging sun lotion in.

I felt wonderfully exposed, the level of my arousal increasing once again.

His hand was hot on my cheek and I could feel him rocking slightly as he worked at his cock, suddenly he tensed, there was a moments pause then felt his spunk splash over my buttocks and between my cheeks.

He was leaning over me so close that I felt the end of his cock just tickle my buttocks and I couldn't help but lift my hips a little so that it rested between them.

I could feel it jerking against me as his spunk spilled out, flowed down the cleft between my cheeks and over my pussy coating the already wet and sticky labia, dripping from between my legs to pool under me.
He finally stepped away and I turned over dragging the towel around me as I did so mopping their mess from my body as he tucked himself away.

They both thanked me for an interesting afternoon and asked if they would see me on the beach again.

"You never know." I said, kissed them both on the cheek.

Not bothering to dress I just wrapped the sarong around me, gathered up my things and made my way back to the hotel almost naked.

Back at the room Steve had left me a message saying that he would meet me in the bar. I took a long hot shower and changed before joining him.

He smiled as I walked in and ordered a drink.

"Well, tell me what happened" he said.

He listened intently as I described what had happened; when I got to the part where the penis had brushed against my buttocks he raised his eyebrow.

"Wow and I bet that you wanted to sit right back onto it didn't you?"

I took another sip of my drink. "Of course I did in one way, but in another that would have been going too far for me." I paused. "Well at the moment."

Describing everything that had happened I could feel myself getting wet as I told him how I had walking back to the hotel in just my sarong.

His eyes lit up. "And were there any second glances?"

"Promise you won't be angry." I said.

"Why on earth would I be angry with you?" he said a little puzzled.

"Well when I got to the hotel steps the breeze kind of lifted the sarong from my legs."

He laughed. "And why would I be angry with that?"

I took a deep breath. "Because I pretended I hadn't noticed and kept walking along with it blown to one side knowing full well that everyone could see my pussy."

He almost choked on his drink. "And to think last year you wouldn't even go topless."

"I know but I was so turned on I didn't care."

He reached out and slipped a hand along my leg until his fingers brushed my panties.

"Lets go back to the room and see just how turned on you are."

S



Taking the stairs back to our room Jules was walking in front of me. I couldn't take my eyes off her beautiful ass; my cock was hard thinking about her being naked except for the sarong. Waiting until we just few steps away from our floor I reached out and pulled up Jules short dress, running my hand over her pretty little lace panties.

"Let me get a picture of you." I said.

"Ok but only if you make it quick." Jules replied.

"Stuff that how would you like fucking right here and now." I said.

She wiggled her ass.

"You wouldn't dare mister."

I needed no more of an invitation and she squealed as I pulled her dress up over her head in one smooth movement.



She hadn't worn a bra and as her breasts sprang free I reached around squeezing her firm mounds, pinching the nipples and making her yelp.

I pulled her thong panties down a little then went back a couple of steps so that I was looking up at her.

Jules sheer panties did nothing to hide her pussy, the tight little slit was clearly visible through the thin material and I could see that she was damp.

Bringing my camera up, I took a picture.

Jules looked over her shoulder.

"Whatever you are doing hurry up I don't want anyone to catch us."

She said.

I ran my hand over the smooth globes of her buttocks.

"After today I don't think that would bother you." I said.

Holding her hips she let out a little moan as I pressed my tongue against her panties, tasting her through them.

She wiggled her hips away from me and said. "Not here, let's go back to the room."

"It's too late for that." I said holding her close and pressing my hard cock against her.

"I think you should get what you wanted on that beach right here."

She made a half hearted attempt to pull away stepping up onto the little landing and trying to make for the corridor but I grabbed her hips and pressed my hand between her legs using my fingers to push the flimsy material of her panties up into her.

She gasped and tried to turn towards me but I held her steady working my fingers over her pussy until she was moaning and pushing back at me.

Her breathing had quickened, the wetness between her legs giving away her excitement despite her protests. I knew that if she was aroused enough then she might do anything and decided to push it.



"Take off your panties for me Jules, show me what you showed that guy."

She hesitated and I could see that she was trembling, some of it nerves, some of it excitement. Slowly she hooked her thumbs into her panties and pulled them down.

As she slipped them over her hips I took another picture.

"Can we go back to the room now please?"

She said. "I really don't want to get caught naked out here on the stairs."

I put my arm around her and cupped her breast holding her to me then ran my hand over her smooth stomach and down between her legs touching a finger to her damp pussy and very gently drawing it over her clit.

She shuddered and pressed herself back against me rolling her hips as she felt my hard cock digging into her soft cheeks.

"Are you trying to tell me this isn't turning you on?"

As I said this I worked my finger against her sensitive numb knowing full well that she was now past caring.

She turned her head and said. "If we are doing it please make it quick."

"Just stay there a moment." I said then stood back and knelt bringing the camera up once more, taking a picture of her standing completely naked on the landing.

I could just see her smooth pussy peeking out from between her cheeks.



Moving forward I slipped my hand between her thighs and brushed my fingers against her pussy, resting my thumb between her buttocks she tried to move away but I held her against the wall.

She gasped as I ran my fingers over her sopping lips, pressing my fingers into her and working them back and forth as I undid my jeans.

Freeing my cock I rested it along the cleft of her buttocks wetting them with trails of pre cum.

"Is this what you felt when that guy touched you." I said.

Jules squirmed against me.

"Mmm yes." She said.

I eased my fingers from her and took hold of my cock running it back and forth along her slit coating it in her juices, pushing the end between her lips.

Jules gasped and wiggled her hips back so that my length sank inside her.

She tried to rock her hips back and forth but I held her still with one hand on her hip while I reached round with the other and teased her clit with my fingers.

She let out a low moan, her pussy clenched tight around my shaft and I could feel her juices trickling out over my balls as she trembled and pushed back onto me rolling her hips from side to side, caught up in her orgasm.

She had been more turned on than I thought.

Holding her by both hips she groaned as I pulled my cock out, stopping when just the head was inside her. I worked it slowly back and forth as the intensity of her orgasm began to subside then rammed it home, causing Jules to give out a little squeal.

As I started to move in a steady rhythm she pushed her hips back matching my strokes, but after everything that had happened I wasn't sure how long I would be able to hold on, I could tell that she was working up to another orgasm and didn't want to cum before she did, although from the urgency of her movements she wasn't far off.

Jules was leaning forward with both hands on the wall, her hips thrust back at me so I was able to reach between us and rub my fingers over her pussy as I thrust into her.

She loves this and was soon bucking and grinding back at me, I could feel the tightening in my balls as my own orgasm neared and quickened the pace; holding Jules tight to me as, gasping she climaxed, her pussy gripped my cock tight as she shook grinding her hips against me with little moans.

I couldn't hold on any longer and with a grunt pulled back then thrust into her hard my cock jerked and twitched against her slick walls as I spilled my load into her but, as the intensity of my climax died down I was able to quickly pull my cock free and push it between her buttocks before she realised what was going on, applying just enough pressure so that the slick tip of my cock sank into her puckered hole.

"Is this what you wanted when that guy's cock touched you?" I said.

She squealed and tried to pull away but I held her there sending the last few spurts of spunk spilling into her to her tight little hole as I worked my hand back and forth along my shaft.

Suddenly Jules pulled away from me, my cock flopping out of her with a wet 'plop.'

"Oh no, someone's coming up the stairs." she said.

I quickly tucked my cock back in my jeans and gathered up Jules dress and panties.

"Quick, give them here." She said holding out her hand.

I dodged past her and into the corridor that lead to our room.

"No way, I missed you walking back from the beach nearly naked so I want to watch you now."

She looked around desperately but realised if she stayed where she was then the people coming up the stairs would see her, but at the same time if anyone was to walk out the elevator or one of the rooms when she was in the corridor then she would have nowhere to go.

"I can't believe you are making me do this you prick." She said as she pushed past.

I laughed as she walked to our room swinging her hips in an exaggerated way.

When she got to our door she stood with her hands on her hips, legs slightly apart, her thighs wet with our combined juices. She reached down and caught a little dribble of cum on her fingers and rubbed it over her breasts.

"Seen enough?" She said.

I grinned. "I never get enough of watching you."

Jules cocked her head to one side.

"I wasn't talking to you." She said.

I turned around just in time to see one of the apartment doors closing.

"Do you think you can open our door now?" She said, "Because I need a shower, something to eat and a drink."



I thought that was the end of the day's fun but later after a meal Jules insisted on taking the stairs back up to our room.

Half way up she told me to stop, walked several steps ahead then slowly peeled her panties down to her knees and stood with her legs slightly apart exposing her pussy.

My cock was instantly hard.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"All your pictures were close ups of my ass and I want a picture that actually shows where our little adventure took place." She said.

"And then, if you want to, you can give me a repeat performance, you never know, someone might see us." She said with a sly grin.

J&S
