It was Chris who suggested they should go away for a few days, and that skiing might be nice at this time of year. Wilson agreed with enthusiasm. They booked at a ski resort not too many hours drive away, and nudged each other over the fact that it would be Valentine's Day that weekend. Then each went off home to find long-disused ski gear. Chris wasn't at all surprised to hear that Wilson hadn't been skiing since he last went with House, pre-infarction. And Chris hadn't gone since Edward had died.

It took Chris a while to find any ski gear at all, and when he finally found some in a battered old box deep inside a cupboard he rarely opened, he found to his dismay that some of it had belonged to Edward. Chris had cleared out every bit of Edward's stuff about a year after his death in a big Linus-induced effort to put things behind him. At least, he thought he had; but their ski stuff had obviously been bundled together and had thus escaped.

Chris started to go through it, determinedly putting Edward's things in one pile and his own in another. He hesitated over gloves; his own were fairly flimsy and not that warm. Edward had had a very decent pair of expensive gloves. Edward's woolly hat too, was a lot newer and in better condition than Chris's was. Chris tried on the hat and gloves, and wondered if it would be too weird to keep them. Eventually he decided it would be a shame to waste them, so he put his own hat and gloves in the discard pile instead.

The ski weekend started well, the resort was very nice. They turned out to be well-matched in terms of levels of skill, so were able to use the same slopes.

During a breather, Chris, conscious of his own ski-wear, complimented Wilson on his very smart gloves.

Wilson looked sheepish, and said, "Actually they're House's. I used to have some, couldn't find them, don't know where they went, so House said to take his. It's not like he's going to be skiing again, after all." Chris stared at Wilson, taken aback by this apparently insensitive remark, and Wilson blushed. "That's what he said."

Only too obviously looking to change the subject, Wilson went on hastily, "Your gloves are very nice too, where'd you get them?"

Chris simply could not bring himself to admit they were Edward's, and muttered that he couldn't remember. They didn't talk any more about it, but for the rest of the day Chris felt haunted by his purloined gloves and hat.

He felt better about it the following morning. They had a very enjoyable time on the slopes. His good mood was derailed, however, by a new unfortunate incident late in the day. Chris picked up Wilson's cell phone when Wilson wasn't around, and had a brief chat with Wilson's secretary at work. Wilson was furious afterwards, and Chris thought Wilson had it all completely out of proportion.

"I only picked up your phone in case it was House," Chris eventually said, exasperated. "Because you'd never forgive me if you missed one of his calls, would you?"

"This is not about House!"

"Everything's about House," Chris objected, completely carried away now into uncharted territory. "His damn patients. His stupid staff. His fucking personal problems."

Wilson bristled. "You could see it wasn't him from the caller ID."

"Sure, and if it's not House then everyone else can go to hell, including important phone calls from your work colleagues about dying cancer children!" Chris knew that was below the belt, but it was what that phone call had been about.

Wilson glared at him for a moment, speechless, then said, "Have I ever told you why I always answer House's calls?"

He hadn't. Chris didn't reply, but waited uncertainly.

"Because the last time I wasn't there I found out he'd died. He'd had an aneurysm clotting in his leg for three days, two operations, and in the middle of it all he crashed and he fucking well died there in hospital. He was dead for more than a minute. And I wasn't there. You know how that feels?" Wilson put a hand to his own chest. "Can you guess what it might feel like?"

Chris was silent.

"And when I got there he was so fucking glad to see me, even though he didn't say so, of course." Wilson took a deep breath. "I know when House calls it might be that he's run out of beer, or wants someone to watch the game with. Heaven forbid that he should get up and walk ten paces to find the remote. But it also might be that he's taken too many of his damn pills, or he's fallen down and can't get up. It's a bit like the boy who cried wolf. And you know what happened to him? The wolf got him."

Wilson didn't need to go on; Chris could see determination writ large on his face. The wolf was not getting House while Wilson was around to stop it.

"I get it," Chris said eventually. "All I'm saying is... how do you think I feel? If he called right now and asked—no, told you—to go back, you would, wouldn't you?"

"Chris!" Wilson sounded wounded. "That's not fair— "

At that moment Wilson's cell phone rang. Both men looked at it, down on the table between them. Chris stared meaningfully at Wilson. Wilson flushed bright red, then grabbed the phone.

It wasn't House. It was a wrong number. But it didn't matter; the point had been made, House was there between them, interfering in his absence almost as much as he would have been in person.

And—Chris regarded his gloves slowly—so was Edward.

They didn't argue any more after that; they went and sat in a hot tub and tried to relax. They had a very nice dinner, though conversation was subdued. Chris saw Wilson shake off the cloud of their argument as time passed; gradually becoming brighter, more charming, seeking to draw Chris out a little. Eventually Wilson even apologized, very sweetly, for overreacting to the cell phone thing; Chris accepted the apology as gracefully as he could, and muttered that he'd overreacted too.

Chris couldn't shake off his own cloud of despair, though, not over dinner, not over a nightcap afterwards, not while fucking Wilson in bed that night or kissing the hell out of him after that. He needed to touch, to hold, to be held, and yet, and yet... his mind couldn't seem to cope with anything. It was fucking ridiculous, and he hated himself for it, but he could not let go of the pain inside. He stayed awake long into the night, despite the reassuring presence of Wilson curled up around him.

They had a good final morning on the slopes the next day, followed by a nice lunch, and then packed and prepared to vacate their cabin.

They had a bit of spare time before they had to leave, and started necking on the bed. As Chris lay flat on his back, barely moving, Wilson slowly and carefully undid each of his shirt buttons in turn. Then Wilson eased a hand into Chris's pants, inside his boxer shorts, and Chris shut his eyes and almost ceased thinking as he felt Wilson's fingers running over his balls, tickling slightly, caressing, God please go on like that forever. Then Wilson's hand curled round his cock and the temperature seemed to rise. He went from semi-hard to rock-hard in what felt like seconds; Wilson breathing into his chest, licking at his nipples, nibbling slightly. Chris bucked his hips and pulsed into Wilson's fist, and his mind was vacant as he came spurting into Wilson's hand with a gasp of "Edward!"

Fuck.

There was a long silence.

Chris kept his eyes shut and hoped this was a dream, a bad wet dream, or rather a nightmare (a wet nightmare?) Then he felt Wilson move into a sitting position, reaching for a handkerchief from the nightstand. This was real.

Fuckshitfuckshitfuckshitfuck.

He didn't know what to say.

Eventually Wilson said, almost conversationally, "You know, if you'd done that when we first met, I wouldn't have been surprised. Might even have expected it. But now?" His voice rose sharply into an accusing tone. "Now, after all these months together? Why?"

"I'm sorry," Chris mumbled. He felt naked, exposed; of course he was partly naked and exposed. He struggled to do up his pants, button his shirt. Wilson watched him through narrow eyes. "I'm going through a bad patch. I don't know why."

Wilson's voice was very cold as he said, "I thought it was strange that you were wearing your dead boyfriend's gloves and wouldn't even admit it to me." Chris was shocked. Wilson saw Chris's expression, and went on, "I tried them on yesterday evening when you were in the bathroom, they've still got his name inked on the lining. Why're you wearing them?" Wilson sounded upset now. "What is it, some kind of fetish? You've got to have something of his close to you still, after more than two years?"

Chris could hardly breathe, barely speak to say, "It's not like that."

"No? Because I'm starting to think maybe House is right." Wilson's voice cut through Chris like a knife through butter. "Maybe you are with me just because I look like him."

Chris crashed a fist into the mattress. "That is not fucking true."

Wilson wouldn't meet his eye, and instead hopped off the bed, saying briskly, "It's about time we got going."

They drove back to Princeton without talking much. Wilson drove most of the way; Chris sat slumped in the passenger seat, lost in his own thoughts while also observing Wilson. He could see Wilson was gradually lightening up again, throwing off the anger. Damnit, the idiot would forgive him by the end of the journey. Chris remembered what House had said: he's in love with you. Chris had tried not to think about that too much since.

They arrived back at Wilson's apartment, where Chris had left his car, late in the evening. Once inside Wilson's living room, Chris took a deep breath and said what he'd been thinking about the whole journey back.

"Wilson, I don't think we should see each other any more."

Wilson stared at him and said, "You're dumping me?"

"Yeah." Chris's voice cracked as he spoke. He felt a lump rising in his throat and swallowed convulsively, pushing tears back by sheer force of will. "It's like we've each got a ghost sitting on our shoulder. And mine is actually a ghost, but yours is alive and kicking and walking right behind you with a cane..."

Wilson opened and closed his mouth but didn't say anything.

"I don't know how you cope so well with both our ghosts," Chris continued, "but I'm sure as fuck not coping with either right now."

Wilson put a hand to his face and turned away. He said, his voice muffled, "And that's it? There's nothing I can do?"

"No," Chris said, blinking back the tears now.

Wilson walked abruptly out of the room, into his bedroom, where he flung himself down on the bed, face-down. His body started to shake.

Chris looked at him helplessly, wanting to offer comfort, but knowing he couldn't. Wanting to leave, too, but not wanting to leave Wilson like this. What do you do in that sort of situation? You call their best friend. Chris picked up Wilson's phone, lying on the coffee table, and hit speed dial #1. House's cell.

House picked up after two rings. There was noisy chatter and the blare of a TV in the background. "Wilson, back from the slopes, any broken bones?"

"House, it's Chris."

"Chris?" House's switch of tone from casual to concerned in one word was remarkable. "What's happened?"

"Wilson's fine," Chris said hastily, realizing House had possible ski accidents in mind. "I mean, we got back fine. But... we just split up. I mean, I broke up with him." Oh God, this was impossible. "He's kind of upset and I don't want to leave him on his own." Chris paused, listening to the background noise. "Where are you?"

"Off track betting." House's reply was nearly drowned out by a roar. "I'll be with you in ten minutes."

Chris prowled around Wilson's apartment for the next ten minutes, retrieving various possessions of his and putting them in a bag. He had never kept much at Wilson's, but there were a lot of small things now he looked for them; toiletries, items of clothing, CDs, a couple of books.

When House arrived, Chris was standing waiting, anxious now to leave, to start the long drive back to the beach. House acknowledged Chris with a curt nod, which was frankly more than Chris might have expected, and strode through to the bedroom to look at Wilson. Wilson was still lying face down, he hadn't moved at all.

House retreated to join Chris in the living room, and asked, "He take anything? Or do anything stupid?"

"No," Chris assured him.

"Why'd'ya dump him?" House asked, trying to be offhand, but not really succeeding.

"Ask him," Chris said shortly, picking up his bag.

"I'm asking you," House snapped.

"Why do you think?" Chris retorted, slinging the bag on his back.

House looked at him for a long moment, then said, "I never tried to break you two up."

"I know," Chris said flatly. "Because if you had, we'd have broken up. And that's kind of the whole problem."

House was silent for a moment, then said, "I'll get him drunk."

Chris turned and walked out of Wilson's apartment. He got in his car and drove home, utterly numb.