Naked Short - The Water Slide
bywebdare2©

This was it. No turning back now. Bernadette's heart had never beat so fast and she was sure her hands were shaking. Even in her bikini, she already felt naked. As if everyone around them knew what was about to happened and was just waiting to see her in her full, naked and embarrassed glory. 

Of course, nobody knew. Why would they? How could they possibly know that Bernadette and Robin were about to be seen naked by any of the hundred or so people in that area of the water park who happened to be in the vicinity of this particular slide. 

They stood together at the top of the slide, so close to the front. There were three tubes in front of them and one by one they'd watched the other park guests vanish into the darkness of the tubes. Barring some unfortunately wardrobe malfunction, those hundreds of other guests would arrive at the bottom not naked.

"Next." The lifeguard called the next three forwards, looking appropriately bored and sun-baked. 

He was attractive, Bernadette thought as she ran her eyes up and down his shirt-less form, and realized he would likely be missing out on the view, stuck up here. Maybe he'd catch a glimpse as she set off. She felt a equally powerful mixture of embarrassment and excitement at that. She'd worked hard to look good in a bikini and would loved for him to be checking her out right now. 

Ideally, she'd be keeping it on all day but then they'd lost the bet. See, Bernadette and Robin loved going to the movies with Marie, the final third of their long-time friendship. They especially loved all the recent superhero movies, having all been big comic book fans as children. They'd been ecstatic for the new Batman v Superman movie, even if it was directed by that guy, just to see these two icons interact on screen for the first time ever. It being released while they were on their Spring Break vacation was even better. 

Having heard the... mixed reception, they decided to go in a little tipsy, make it more fun. And being drunk, they decided to bet on who would win the big fight. Batman or Superman himself. They'd been planning on the water park the next day, so the stakes had swung towards the park and the bet was made. 

Only Marie had predicted correctly. 

"I said next."

Bernadette shook herself out of her thoughts as she realized he'd been talking to her. The terror setting in afresh, she walked passed the lifeguard and sat herself in the tube, her butt on the ledge so she didn't get swept away yet. She thought anybody would be able to hear her heart pounding against her ribs, but no one seemed able to. 

She looked across at her friend, who had settled in similarly next to her. Robin was a little heavier than Bernadette, but she thought her friend looked cute in her little two piece, chosen to be easy to remove quickly. She'd already caught a few guys checking her out, even if Robin didn't believe her. 

"You alright, Bernie?" Robin shot over, trying to hide her own nervousness. 

Bernadette smiled and nodded. "You?"

Robin looked down and let out a deep breath. "Hell no."

They laughed, knowing it was true for them both. But a bet was a bet and they were in a foreign place, where nobody knew them. If ever there was a time to do something so crazy, stupid and wild, it was now. 

"Okay". The lifeguard said. "You can go."

This was it. One final breath, one last pound of the heart before Bernie set her fingers in motion. She tugged at the strings of her top and bottoms at once, loosely tied to begin with. They fell away and into the slide beneath her in one smooth motion and suddenly she was completely nude, to the view of the lifeguard and those behind her. 

"Hey!" The lifeguard had time to protest before the naked girl threw herself down the tube. 

She screamed as she went, trailing behind her bikini that had vanished into the darkness. Even despite the thrill of her sudden nudity, the slide was amazing! She went so fast, going through so many turns and twists, sending her flopping from side to side. She felt her breasts bouncing around, so unrestrained. 

Her whole body was so sensitive, to the cool rush of water beneath her running all down her back, her legs and her completely bare bum. Or the plastic of the slide that brushed along her body, heated by the sun but her moving too fast to feel it. She felt every bump and she screamed some more. 

Suddenly the darkness burst and there it was... daylight! She tried to angle herself but she had too little control so, despite her efforts, Bernadette came flying out of the tube with her legs spread wide. She plunged into the water, hoping no one had gotten a good look.

She stayed underwater for a long moment, trying to delay the inevitable exposure for as long as possible. But she hadn't had a chance to hold her breath before hitting the pool, so she had no choice but to break the surface, doing her best to keep her shoulders below water. 

People were already pointing, cheering and laughing in equal measure. Bernie's cheeks burned red and she crossed her arms across her chest, praying that the ripples of the water would obscure the areas below that. She looked around for her bikini, now very desperate to cover up. The bet was over now, time to hide her goods again. People had already seen too much, way too much. 

But where was it? 

The water was empty but for her very naked body and a new kind of panic set in. She barely had time to comprehend what was happening before she saw Robin and Marie, waving their arms from the side of the pool. They were out of the water, amidst the growing crowd that were trying to catch a glimpse of the naked girl. 

Marie was dressed, as expected, with a towel slung over her shoulder. But Robin was still wearing her bikini, and there was no way she had dressed that fast. And in her hands, there was the two halves of Bernie's bikini. 

The grins on their faces told Bernadette everything. She'd been set up. 

A memory hit her, hard and powerful and making everything clearer. A year earlier, at just another party, when a drunken Bernadette had decided to pull down Marie's skirt, not realizing she had been going without underwear that day. Another memory before that, two years ago, when she had stolen Robin's towel from the dorm shower as a joke. 

She couldn't even be mad, even as she cowered under the water, trying her meagre best to cover herself. She'd never felt so naked in her life, visible in the bright afternoon sun to any of the people watching. They stared and laughed and made comments, judging every part of her they could see, and confirmed that at least one guy had caught a glimpse of everything as she'd left the slide. 

Then a life-guard's whistle came, loud and piercing. Forcing her to get out. 

With one hand over her breasts, one between her legs and a face so red it might as well be sunburned, Bernadette waded slowly, one reluctant foot at a time, towards the steps.
