My Sisters and Me
by drew 

Christmas was approaching at the speed of light, as it tends to do. I was frantically finishing up my shopping, on top of working overtime for some extra cash. Maddy had finished her finals, but I still rarely saw her. She had found plenty of other excuses to avoid me. Shopping, hanging with friends, preparing college applications – whatever.

Maddy had also been making a habit of attending church with my mother every Sunday. It had been a long time since my sisters had accompanied mom at service. I, myself, hadn’t been to church since before living with my dad. As if that’s a surprise. Nonetheless, my mom took Maddy’s attendance as an opening to try and convince the rest of us.

“Mom, I’m NOT going. I’m sorry,” Katie argued one Saturday night. Maddy, of course, was nowhere to be found.

“Yeah, sorry Mom. Just not really my thing,” I agreed.

“Salvation isn’t your thing, huh?”

“It has nothing to do with my beliefs! I just don’t like the….church crowd,” Katie said.

“They’re very judgy,” I pitched it.

“YES!”

“Oh, they are not!” Mom said. “It’s a very welcoming congregation. Ask your sister!”

“She’s MIA. Again,” Katie said.

“Well, they don’t judge her at all. And she had been absent just as long as you!”

“Uggggghh! Let it go!”

“You just want to go out and party tonight and every other Saturday. That’s why you won’t go!”

“That’s not why!....Okay, well yeah that’s part of it,” Katie giggled.

“And whatever happened to CJ?! He seemed like a nice man. I bet HE goes to church!”

“Prolly does,” Katie muttered.

“What’s THAT supposed to mean?!”

“Nothing ma! Look, we just didn’t hit it off okay. And he’s like 8 years older than me! Why are you pushing so hard for us to be together?”

Mom sighed. “I’m not,” she deflated. “I just want you to find someone.”

“Mom. I’m twenty years old. I’ll be fine. Plus…these are why I need my Saturday nights free! To go out and find someone!” Katie smirked at me.

“Oh, shut up,” Mom said. “Can you at least come Christmas Eve then? Both of you? For me?”

Katie and I looked at each other.

“We’ll think about it, okay mom?” I said.

“Yeah,” Katie agreed.

“Okay, good,” mom smiled and kissed us both, before heading off to bed.

“Alright, well…I’m out. See ya,” Katie told me.

“Where are you going?” I didn’t have plans for the night.

“Kelly and I are hitting up the bars, trolling for some diiiiiiiiick,” She laughed, making sure my mom was out of hearing range.

“Well, Kelly had a shot at some dick right here,” I paused and pointed both my thumbs back at myself, “before you messed things up for her.”

“Oh no! I’m sure she’s just DEVASTATED that she missed out on the almighty Dick of Drew!”

“Damn right she is,” I said smugly, which triggered an eye-roll.

“But actually, some of my girlfriends from college that are still in town are having a gift exchange.”

“Ahhh. Alright, well, enjoy your night,” I said.

Katie left, and I went to grab a book. I lit a fire and put on some faint, classical music, and began to read. As I read, I lost track of time. The novel was very engrossing, and it had been a minute before I really had time to focus.

But that didn’t last long.

Hearing a key jab into the front door lock startled me. I heard the door swing open and shut, and footsteps made their way into the room.
Maddy emerged into the kitchen. She didn’t notice me sitting on the couch. At first. She plopped her keys on the key ring and took her jacket off. She was wearing an NYU hoodie under the coat. She had jeans on, and her hair was worn down. She grabbed some water from the fridge and made her way toward the great room.

“Oh!” She jumped, when she saw me. “Drew…I didn’t see you there,” she said softly.

“Oh..uhhh…hey Maddy,” I replied awkwardly. We looked at each other for a bit. Likely both thinking of the last time we were alone together in this room. I certainly was.

“Sooooo……”

The silent tension became too much. I just wanted to get this over with.

“Hey…Maddy. I just wanted to say….I mean….I never really…”

“Drew, don’t,” Maddy interrupted. She looked around. “Is mom sleeping?” She whispered.

“I think so? She went into her room a while ago.”

Maddy let out a big breath. “Okay,” She sighed. She sat down on the chair across from me. I could tell she was nervous. But so was I.
“Look, Drew. I think…well….we need to talk,” She paused, staring at me. Her normally blue eyes looked black from the darkness and dilation of her pupils.

I looked back at her.

“I mean….what we’ve been….doing. It’s like, well…it’s...bad. Like…REALLY…bad.”

I just stared at her blankly, before nodding my head in agreement.

“It’s not normal, Drew. I don’t know what I was thinking, and I’m sorry…but we need to stop.”

“Okay,” I said. It came out uneven.

“Okay?”

“Okay.” I said it more firmly.

“Good! Alright, I’m gonna head to bed, night!” She walked away and went up the stairs.

She was right. Wasn’t she?


Christmas Eve had come, and Katie and I still hadn’t given our mother an answer regarding church.
Maddy and mom were out for lunch when Katie limped over to me. She had tweaked her knee during one of our soccer practices and was wearing a brace.

“Hey, I think we should prolly just go to church tonight,” she said.

“Yeah,” I replied, not really looking up from my phone.

“It’s only an hour long.”

“Okay.”

“And it’s Christmas, right? It will make her happy.”

“Katie, I said yes,” I laughed.

“Okay, well…you didn’t seem too engaged. Just letting you know my thoughts.”

“Hey, Katie…can I ask you something?”

“Oh, God. Here we go…”

“Shut up.”

“I’m just giving you shit. Sure, what do you wanna talk about?”

I took a deep breath.

“Do you think…what we’ve been…doing,” I paused to look at her. She didn’t make any gestures, but I still knew she caught on to what I was referring to, “do you think it’s…wrong?

She looked at me intensely, studying me.

“Of course it is,” She finally said. Simply.

“You do?”

“Yeah. That’s kinda the point isn’t it?” She was very good at masking any emotions.

“Well…don’t you think it’s gonna lead to some bad – I don’t know – karma?

“Do I really seem like someone who believes in that type of thing?”

I laughed. “No…guess not.”

“Look, as long we don’t take things too far – I mean you’ve seen those flipper kids, right? – then we’re good. It’s just harmless fun.”

“True.”

She continued to study me. I wanted to ask it but I couldn’t force it out.

“See ya at church, Drew.” She got up and left. I could’ve kicked myself for not asking her. It was the perfect moment.

Just how far, was “too far?”


I waited my turn to shower. It was the first time in a long time that all four of us needed to wash up at once. Afterward, I put on my dress pants, and buttoned up my shirt. Luckily, I still remembered how to tie a tie. I threw on my suit jacket and headed downstairs.

“Owwwww!” Katie cat called me as I made my entrance.

She looked stunning herself. She had on light make-up and some non-flashy jewelry. Her hair was worn down, and she had on a conservative white dress. Maddy was the last downstairs and looked as good as she did on the night of her dance, though, her dress was looser and she had a little sweater covering her shoulders and arms.

“You gonna be okay to walk?” My mom asked Katie.

“Yeah, it’s fine. Just take it slow,” she responded.

As my family and I walked to church, some homeless dudes shouted out some ruder catcalls than what Katie had yelled my way earlier. We arrived at our destination and entered the cathedral. Some old members came up to Katie and I with excitement. I remembered only a few of their names. They greeted us, and wished us a Merry Christmas. They asked us briefly how things were going, but made no remarks about our nearly decade-long absence.

We snuck into a row in the middle of the church, and some ushers handed us some candles. I took my seat to the right of Maddy and Katie. I glanced to my other side, and saw a familiar face. It took me a second to register, but once he waved eagerly at Maddy I realized it was Matt, her date to the dance. His suit still didn’t fit him. Maddy smiled back at him and I noticed he took a peak at Katie, before turning his gaze back to the front.

The service began with some songs and then prayer. Katie and I faux-participated. There was some scripture reading, and a children’s event. The preacher then gave his sermon. It was light hearted, but long, and boring. Afterward, we took communion. Katie hung back, saying her knee was too sore. But I’m sure she didn’t feel right taking communion anyway. There were some more songs, and then, it was time for confession of sins.

KLUNK KLUNK KLUNK KLUNK

The sound of the congregation lowering their kneeling benches echoed throughout the building. Slowly, but surely, people got down on their knees. The elderly, and Katie, stayed seated in their pews.

“Father, we confess that we have sinned against you…” The preacher bore on.

I was kneeling there with my eyes shut, and my hands folded – but zoned out. Then, I felt a light tap on the back of my leg. I ignored it, thinking it was a cramp or something. Fucking soccer. But then, I felt it again.

I opened my eyes and turned my head to see Katie’s foot extended near my leg. She pulled her leg back close to her, and then leisurely spread them apart. She inched her dress up her thighs….and put her shaved clean pussy on full display for me.

Holy Fuck!

I nearly swallowed my tongue, and looked up at her. She had a slight smile on her face and a naughty twinkle in her eye. She raised her eyebrows at me.

This too wrong for ya?

My days of fighting the urge to look were done (okay, it was just one day), and I feasted on her pretty little slit. I gazed for what seemed like ages, and the longer I looked, the wetter she got. Fuck! This was so hot. Commando in church? Jesus.

I looked around to see all the others with their eyes shut, and heads bowed in prayer, talking to God. Meanwhile, the devil herself sat across from me. Urging me, tempting me, begging me to enjoy her forbidden fruit.

I etched her kitty into my memory, as she carefully pulled her legs back together. The prayer ended, and the others opened their eyes, not having a clue what they had missed. They raised their kneeling benches back up and sat back for the closing hymn.

The lights dimmed and everyone began to sing Silent Night. It actually sounded pretty good, hearing the congregation in harmony. One by one, everyone passed the flame of their candle to their neighbor’s.

As Maddy was trying to light Katie’s candle, she accidentally tipped her own too far, and dripped some hot wax onto Katie’s dress.

“Oh shoot! I’m sorry Katie!” Maddy whispered. She instinctively lifted up Katie’s dress to get the wax off…and saw what her big sister was concealing.

“Huh!” Maddy gasped at the sight of Katie’s commando cooch.

“Maddy stop! Put it down!” Katie spat with ferocity.

Maddy was leaning forward and blocking my mom’s view. But my mom was lost in the magic of the song anyway. Matt, however, was lost in the magic of Katie’s hot, bald vagina. He leaned over me with glee, enjoying the best Christmas present he would get this year. Katie saw him, and shot her hand down to shield his view.

Maddy dropped the dress and looked at Katie, then at me and Matt, then back at Katie. She seemed…slightly disgusted, slightly confused. She turned away and went back to the song. Matt sat there grinning, looking at the two of us. Eventually, I lit his candle, and he sunk back over to his family. I caught Katie grimacing at me.

“Yiiiikes,” she whispered.

Yikes indeed.



I can’t say I was looking forward to our first soccer game, but it arrived before I knew it, nonetheless. The first team we played didn’t look too threatening. They had some gawky looking dudes and some older girls who, probably drank a bit too much in college, and were well past their prime athletic years.

Jordan, Kyle, and myself were joined by a fourth guy named Evan. Kelly knew him from college, and had played intramurals with him in the past. He seemed friendly enough and looked to be in great shape.

Our girls emerged from the locker room and you could begin to see the intimidation, jealousy, and attraction on the opponents’ faces. The girls all had their hair tied up into tight ponytails with those bright elastic headbands in front. They had on their t-shirt jerseys and loose-fitting athletic shorts, showing off their toned thighs. I’m a sucker for chicks in athletic wear, but I wasn’t the only one checking them out.

Our fourth girl was another one of Kelly’s friends, Brittany. Brittany knew Kelly through their women’s league at the same rec center. She was a taller black girl, with curly hair and a slim build. She had model-like bone structure and a bright smile. This was most of us’ first time meeting her.

I offered to start the game on the bench, being the most inexperienced one on the team. Maddy joined me, as she was the youngest. The game started and it didn’t take long for the talent disparity between the two teams to rear its head. Brittany scored within 45 seconds, and we cheered her on.

“Nice shot, Brit!” Maddy cried out. She had yet to say a word to me on the bench. She had been cold toward Katie and I since Christmas Eve. But at least she was no longer completely avoiding me. I guess that was a start. But it was still awkward sitting there in silence.

“When should we check in?” I asked her a few minutes later.

“Let’s give them some time to settle in…” She replied, without taking her eyes away from the action.

“Okay,” I muttered.

The game went on and Katie and Evan both scored. Maddy cheered loudly for Evan, not so much for her big sister. But it turned out she didn’t need to be loud for her.

“YEAAAAAAAAH KAAAAAY!” Kyle boomed out from the goalie box.

Both Brittany and Katie gave him weird looks. Kelly laughed. He either didn’t notice, or didn’t give a shit. He sat back there looking bored to death. I don’t think the other team made it across midfield one time.

It was nearing time for Maddy and I to check in.

She turned to finally look at me, but remained expressionless. “Nervous?” She asked, in a more serious manner than her usual.

“Nah, you taught me well in practice, I think I’m ready,” I tried to get on her good side. She barely acknowledged the comment.

We both subbed ourselves into the game replacing Brittany and Jordan.

Katie saw me walking onto the field and yelled out “Oh shit! Kyle, better get ready back there!” She laughed. I guess she was willing to sacrifice ignoring Kyle for the sake of her joke.

“I stay ready Katie!” He yelled back. Katie rolled her eyes.

The game began again and I pretty much just tried to stay out of people’s way. The ball did come to me a few times and I passed it back to my teammates as quickly as I could. One time, Maddy set me up with a perfect pass and I had a wide-open look at the net. This was it. My chance to score, and then celebrate with Maddy for her assist. But I got too ahead of myself. I tried to kick it as hard I could, and I nearly whiffed entirely. The other team took over possession.

“Bahahahaha!” Kyle laughed from his box.

Katie was near me. She smiled at me, but didn’t laugh. “Next time,” she encouraged.

Maddy had already put her head down and ran back on defense.

The rest of the game was pretty boring. We blew them out, 8-0. Everyone on our team scored at least one goal, other than Kyle and myself. The other team was gracious enough in defeat, though, you could tell the women on their team were a little peeved.

We made our way back to the locker room. The rec center was entirely empty by this time at night. It was only still open for the soccer league.
“So, who you think will score first this year, Drew. Me or you?” Kyle asked.

“Probably you,” I laughed it off.

“Give him a break, Kyle, he’s never played before,” Jordan said. “Besides, you’ve seen what he can do on the basketball court.”

“I’m just giving him shit, lighten up. I know he doesn’t care about soccer. Right Drew?”

“Right…”

Evan sat there silently, giving us some courtesy laughs. He didn’t shower and was the first out the door. Kyle followed him. Jordan and myself hit the showers.

The water had strong pressure and stayed nice and hot throughout. I basked in the steam and lost track of time. When I finally turned the faucet off, I didn’t hear a peep. Evidently, Jordan had already finished and took off. I cleared my eyes from the water and opened the curtain to grab my towel – except it was missing.

I looked around for a bit, not seeing it anywhere.

“Ha. Ha! Jordan, you got me!” I called out with sarcasm. I stayed in my shower stall for a bit to see if he would reveal himself with my towel. No such luck. “Motherfucker…” I mumbled to myself and stepped out into the cold.

I walked across the tile, shivering as I did so, over to the locker area where the spare towels were.

“SURPRISE!!!” Katie jumped out from behind a corner and I nearly had a heart attack.

“FUCK! KATIE!” I screamed. I shot both my hands to cover up my package.

She was laughing like a maniac, pointing at me.

“You should’ve seen your face!”

“You could’ve put me in the hospital!” I continued to cup my junk. Fortunately (or unfortunately?), there wasn’t much to hide as I was freezing on top of being startled. The shrinkage was real.

Katie, meanwhile, was fully dressed in a hoodie and leggings. Her hair was now wet and curly and draped past her shoulders.

“Oh, don’t be so dramatic you big baby. Just give us a look! You’ve seen us!”

“Us?” I shuttered.

Katie nodded toward the locker room entrance. I turned to see Maddy standing under the doorway with her arms crossed. She didn’t look too amused. But regardless, she was still checking me out in my naked state. She remained silent, but raised her eyebrows to greet me.

“Peek-a-boo!” Katie lunged at me while I was distracted. She was able to pull my left arm away and my right one instinctively swatted at her. She got a split-second flash of my shriveled dick before I turned my back to her.

“Ohhhhh!” She cried out with glee. “I saw it! I saw it! Just a liiiitle guy!”

“Fuck off! It’s cold!” I looked back at her. She was staring at my uncovered ass, and seemed to enjoy the view.

“Dainty Drew!” She giggled.

“Why are you in here anyway?!”

“To get a peek, duh. Like I said, it’s our turn to see you,” Katie replied, still ogling my backside.

I shot a look at Maddy, who quickly looked away.

“You guys are gonna get in trouble.”

“By who? That high school kid who’s infatuated with me? Doubt it. Face it, bro, we’re not leaving till you let us see it.”

“Actually, Katie… I am. This is childish. And he clearly doesn’t want us in here,” Maddy spoke up.

Katie’s brow furrowed, and she glared at her little sister. “Since when did you become such a goody-two-shoe?”

“What?” Maddy snapped back.

“You’ve been boring as fuck, lately. And apparently, a church girl now?”

“Just saying there’s a time and place, Katie,” Maddy began, coolly, “and person for that matter. Also, every guy is gonna be ‘dainty’ when you pull this stupid crap on them.” She turned and stormed out of the room.

“You seem pretty certain of that?!” Katie yelled after her, but she was gone. Katie addressed me. “What is WITH her lately? She sucks! She’s like the second coming of Aunt Nancy.”

I shrugged at her.

“Alright, wellllllllll…now this is all kinds of awkward, thanks to her. Here ya go, dude.” Katie reached a towel out to me. She took one last good look at my ass and walked out of the room.

I finished getting dressed and met my sisters in the lobby. There was no one else to be found, other than Katie’s “stalker” who waved at us.

“Night guys,” he said. None of us responded.

Maddy walked about ten feet in front of us the entire walk home, not saying a word.



There had been no other post game shower incidences since that first week. Perhaps Katie took Maddy’s words to heart. But there was some building tension between my two sisters. And it wasn’t fun, like it had been in the past. I much preferred how things were prior to Maddy and I’s…. mishap.

Our next few games went similar to the first. It seemed Kelly had signed us up for a league that was probably not competitive enough. Our team had yet to give up a goal – and I had yet to score one. Unfortunately for me, Kyle managed to get his goal, three games in. All the way from the goalie box when the other team had pulled their goalie in a stupid attempt to have some sort of offensive advantage. And he wasn’t going to let me hear the end of it.

“C’mon bro, it’s eaaaaaaaasy in this league!” He said, as he laced up his shoes before our fifth game.

The truth is, I really wouldn’t give a shit if he didn’t keep bringing it up. This game, I told myself, I was going to take a shot at the goal every time I got the ball. Even if it hurt the team. Not like we were gonna lose anyway.

Maddy was away on a retreat so she was out this game, meaning we only had one sub. Even though everyone knew I was by far our worst player, my teammates had a fair rotation going as far as who sat out first.

I started the game and stuck to my game plan. I took 5 shots at the goal in the first five minutes. All of them were heavily defended shots – and none of them were close.

“Dainty Drew! What’s gotten into you today?” Katie whispered to me on the bench during a timeout. She hadn’t let anyone else know about her new nickname for me for obvious reasons. “You got money on this game or something?”

“I just wanna score!” I groaned. “Kyle won’t shut the fuck up about it.”

“Who gives a shit what Kyle says? I thought you were playing good the first weeks.”

“You did?”

“I mean…relatively speaking you know? Yeah!” She said. “Plus, this team actually isn’t that bad, so uhh….pass the ball.” She winked, and ran back out on the field.

“Don’t listen to her Drew,” Kyle popped up behind me. I hadn’t even noticed him. “You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.”

“Drew…let’s try and relax a little, no?” Brittany smiled at me. “Don’t need to force anything.”

Well, I could see my strategy was being noticed – and not in a good way. If we were playing basketball I would be pissed if some dipshit who never played before wouldn’t stop shooting. So, I wised up, and adjusted my game.

We went back out there and I had a nice pass to Evan for our first goal of the game.

“Nice pass, man,” he gave me a high five.

The game wore on and I hadn’t taken any more shots. Katie was right, this team was pretty good. They kept it close nearing the end of the game and were only down 1-0. I couldn’t help but think to myself that I should probably be on the bench during crunch time. But Jordan was gassed, and needed a breather.

The other team was putting the pressure on and got off a couple clean shots at our goal. Kyle blocked both of them – barely. He really was a great goalie.

On the second block the ball bounced back out to one the girls on the other team, but Katie pounced at her from behind and stole the ball. I had seen Katie make her move and my instincts took over. I took off down the field toward the other team’s goal and Katie saw me. I was faster than everyone there and she launched the ball out in front of me. I had a wide-open run at the net and the other goalie came out to desperately try and beat me to Katie’s pass. He was too slow, and I tapped the ball away from him.

“Yeah Drew!” I heard Kelly cry out.

The ball rolled (luckily if I’m being honest) slowly into the net and secured the victory for us. My teammates all came running out to congratulate me and I gotta say, it felt good. Maybe soccer wasn’t that bad after all.

“Nice shot! Made up for the beginning of the game,” Katie grinned at me.

“Nice pass,” I replied.

“Nice shot dude, guess I gotta score another one now,” Kyle said in a cocky manner.

We celebrated our win and shook the other team’s hands. They were pretty friendly, despite losing such a close game. We made our way to the locker room.

“That really was a sick shot, Drew,” Jordan said.

“Perfect finesse!” Evan pitched in. Once again, he took off without showering. Same with Kyle. Not sure why they liked walking through the frigid January weather all sweaty. That’s one of the most uncomfortable things to me.

Jordan and I were the only ones left, and once again I took my good old time. Katie and Maddy took forever the past few weeks when they weren’t trying to creep on me so I figured why rush.

I turned the faucet off, swung the curtain open, only to once again find an empty towel rack. This time, I wasn’t surprised.

“God damnit Katie! What, now that Maddy’s not here to scold you, you’re back to your childish ways?” I called out, loudly.

“Basically,” I heard her voice from around the corner. She emerged into my sight, but this time, she was only wearing a towel of her own. The towel was wrapped tightly across her chest, her dark wet hair cascading over it. She still had water droplets on her shoulders.

I cupped my cock and balls and looked at her.

“You know you’re playing with fire if you’re really not wearing anything on underneath that,” I said.

“Come find out,” She gave me a playful smile and waltzed away toward the lockers.

‘I will!” I hurried after her, making sure not to slip on the tile.

“Ahhh!” She screamed and tip-toed as quick as she could through the locker maze. I continued to chase, while hiding my privates from her.
“Don’t act like you need both hands, Dainty Drew!” She laughed.

“Fuck off!” I was nearing her. She turned back, looking at my palmed sack. I released one hand and swiped at her towel, but missed.

“Ahhh!” She turned the corner and made her way to the sauna area. I followed, and eventually got her backed up into the corner.

“Trapped. Like. A. Rat.” I caught my breath, and stood in front of her.

“I still got some tricks”

“And what’s that?”

She took a deep breath, and looked past me, surveying a way out. I inched closer to her. She gave me a bashful grin, and dimples arose in her cheeks. She turned her head to the side, averting my gaze.

“Taa daa!” She lifted the bottom of her towel confirming that nothing was on underneath.

I never got tired of seeing her cute little cooch and this gave her the split-second distraction that she needed. As I stared, she dropped her towel back down to cover and took off past me, heading back toward the lockers.

“Oh no you don’t!” I turned and chased her back to the open shower area.

I had her trapped again, but this time, I wasn’t going to be the one outsmarted. My dick was coming alive after Katie flashing me. It was no longer shrunken and cold…Fuck it. I released my hands and let my growing – but still floppy – penis dangle around for her pleasure. Her eyes lit up and I made my move. I grabbed hold of her towel, and whisked it off, revealing my big sister’s butt naked body.

“Nooooo!” She squealed as I FINALLY got a full-on look at her big, bare titties. And they didn’t disappoint. They looked firm and heavy, yet gravity-defying as they jiggled around on the top of her chest. She had nice sized, soft nips that pointed straight ahead. She dropped one hand over her puss, as I put a hand back down to hide my rapidly stiffening cock. She stared at me with amusement as I eye-fucked the shit out of her rack.

“Like what ya see?” She just came out and said it.

“mmm hmmm” was all I could get out.

“Good….now let me see you!” She shot both her arms at my covering hand and grasped tightly at my wrist. She slowly tried to pry away my arm as I attempted to hold strong. But it was a losing battle for me. At this point, I didn’t really care, anyway. My dick was at full salute after getting my first full frontal views of Katie. I had nothing to hide, and she was about to see just how “dainty” I actually was.

“Ha!” She cried out triumphantly as my boner sprung itself into view. She took a step back to enjoy it, while I enjoyed her.

For roughly ten seconds, we stood facing each other, brother and sister, both naked as jaybirds. Seeing her tits, waist, hips, and pussy in one full view was fucking INCREDIBLE. After our brief moment of drooling over one another, Katie was the first to make a move.

She lunged toward me, reached out, and gave my balls a little tickle. She giggled with delight at my reaction and I made an effort to reciprocate the move – tickle her kitty, that is. But I missed. My fingers instead finding themselves on the inside of her thigh.

“Noo Nooo Don’t!” She laughed, and spun around. As she did so, my hands fumbled around all over her nude, smooth body. And booooy was she smooth. All over. My hands found themselves on her squishy, lively boobies and she yelped in a light hearted manner, as if to say I can’t believe I’m doing this!

Her naturally tan skin was still shimmering from her shower and my hands slid downward for another attempt at her vag.

“Ahhhhhhhhh!” She squealed louder than ever, as this time, my fingers were more accurate, and caressed her slim, soft pussy.

“Ohh!” I exhaled a little gasp when I noticed her box was much wetter than the remainder of her body.

She narrowed her eyes and gave me a perplexing look. What did you expect?

Katie reached back down and grasped my balls with one hand, while using the other to tug a few times on my rigid cock.

Not wanting a repeat of my “Maddy Incident,” (could you imagine the nicknames Katie would come up with?) I spun away from her. But she wasn’t gonna give up that easily. We ended up wrestling and wiggling around, slippery and butt-ass-naked, enjoying priceless feels of each other’s fun parts.

“Oh my, folks! Look what we have here…” A familiar voice sneered into the shower room, interrupting our dance.

“Whaaa?” Katie blurted out. She let go of me, and both of us turned to face the entrance.

Kyle was standing there, a shit-eating grin on his face, his phone held up, and its camera pointed right at us.



Katie frantically maneuvered her hands to hide her tits and pussy. I did the same with my own privates.

“Are you…live streaming?” Her voice quavered with fear and uncertainty. I glanced over and noticed her bottom lip quivering.

Kyle’s smirk widened. His eyes locked on my sister’s body. “Wouldn’t you like to know,” was all he said.

Katie’s face flushed crimson. I saw her doe eyes darting around the open room, looking for something, anything, to help us escape.

Kyle’s own bloodshot eyes rose above her chest to see the anxiety etched all over her face.

He chuckled. “Relax…lucky for you two, I’m not.”

Katie exhaled, and her shoulders sagged a bit. She paused for a second, then took one step toward the lockers – where a towel was sitting on the bench.

“Ah ah ah!” Kyle put up a finger to stop her and she obeyed. His phone was still held up in front of him – it may as well have been a loaded gun.
Katie took a step back, next to me. There was a moment of silence, before Kyle burst out laughing.

“I KNEW it! I FUCKING knew it!” he announced with jubilation. “I KNEW you two were fucking!”

“We are not!” I said. He ignored me.

“From the moment you flashed your little snatch on Halloween, to all the ‘teasing’ you guys do during our games. Could you be any more obvious?”
Katie said nothing. Her whole body was shaking.

“Hahaha, you whores are all the same!” Katie’s eyes flickered at the title. “So cock-hungry you’d do anything to get it. But your own BROTHER? That’s taking the whoreness to a WHOLE new level!”

My sister’s eyes were blinking very fast, perhaps fighting back tears. On the other hand, I don’t think I saw Kyle blink one time as he stared at her. It was very unsettling. Katie was right about this dude all along.

“Okay, you caught us,” she said in a soft, defeated manner. “You were right. Okay?” Her gaze looked briefly at his phone, then back up to him. “Please stop filming.” She begged.

Kyle let out a sigh of pleasure. “Okayyyyyy….” He lowered the camera. Katie took another step forward. “But you better stay put!” She paused. “Or I’ll send this bad boy to everyone…”

“…And you’ll be put in jail for nonconsensual porn.”

“You’ll still be buck nekkid all over the internet,” he hissed at her, not laughing. “…With your brother’s hard-on slapping all over your whore body.”

“Dude….What. The. Fuck.” I spoke up. He looked at me, in a more normal manner.

“Sorry, Drew. But she’s been a raging bitch to me ever since I met her!”

“Cause you do shit like this!” Katie laughed with exasperation.

“Yeah, man…this is….pretty fucked up.”

“It’s creepy as fuck you incel freak!” Katie snapped.

“And fucking your brother isn’t!?”

“We’re NOT fucking!” I said it again.

“We were just…fooling around…a little bit.” Katie said ashamedly.

“Bahahaha!” Kyle laughed. “You were clearly doing more than that! You want me to roll back the footage?”

“No.”

Suddenly, another male voice, higher pitched, echoed into the locker room.

“Can I come in now, Kyle?” It asked.

Katie shot her eyes over to the door, and desperately pressed her hands tighter against her kitty and boobs.

A nasty smirk spread across Kyle’s face. “Sure, Collin.”

The high school rec center employee – Katie’s ‘stalker’ – walked into the room with a euphoric look on his face. His eyes turned to saucers once he saw my sister, bare naked, covering what little she could with only her hands.

“Hoooooolly shit!” Collin said.

Kyle laughed again. “Yeaaah. I told you.”

The two of them looked at us. Seeing them standing next to each other, I can’t believe I hadn’t noticed it before. I must’ve have had a puzzled look on my face, because Kyle offered an explanation without me asking.

“My little cousin here was the one who tipped me off. You know, about you two always staying extra late after our games.”

Katie’s jaw dropped when he said it. She briefly glanced over to me. Her eyes narrowed. I TOLD YOU!

“And I knew you were up to something…so I decided to hang around today and find out.” He paused, then looked back at us. “And LUCKY me!”

Collin stepped further into the room to get a better view. Katie stepped backward as he did so.

“What do you want from us?” Her voice trembled again. “You’ve already seen me. You have your little video. And if you show it to anyone, you’ll ruin three of our lives…” She stopped and looked at Collin. “Probably all four, actually….so, what do you want?”

“Well for one, I want you to stop being such a cunt to me,”

“Fine!” Katie interrupted anxiously. “Done! I’m sorry I was before. I really am!” She pleaded.

“Yeaaaaah…we’ll see how sorry you actually are.” He said with doubt. “Second thing…I promised young Collin here a look of his own, you see.”

Despite it being hot and steamy in the shower room, Katie began to shiver. “Of what?” She was barely audible.

Kyle’s smirk went ear-to-ear. “Everything.”

Katie’s posture stiffened and her eyelids closed as reality set in. I don’t know if she was expecting to hear a different response. Her chest rose rapidly as her inspirations increased. I’m sure her thoughts were racing. Her lids opened back up and she began to once again scan the room. Her dark brown eyes landed on me and I could see they were full of fear. Do I really have to?

I had no way out for her, but I had to try.

“C’mon Kyle, that’s too far! You’ve had your fun. I thought we were friends?”

“I didn’t hear you standing up for me when she was being all bitchy to me,” he said.

“I mean, what did you want me to say?”

“ANYTHING!” He shouted. “Tell her to shut the fuck up! You can get your pick of chicks, why do you put your own sister’s pussy on a pedestal?!” The veins began popping out of his forehead. “Also, acting like I was some idiot when I pointed out your guys’ bullshit…but it turns out I was right all along!”

By this point, I’d had enough of this fool. All bridges and any sliver of friendship had been burnt to the ground.

“You know I can beat the shit out of you, right? I stepped forward. “Or had you forgotten that little tidbit?”

“Naked?” He asked, a little more nervous than he’d been 10 seconds ago.

“Yeah.” I released my hands from my dick and the two guys looked briefly at my member, before looking back up at me. They both took a step back as I took another forward.

“It’ll be two against one,” Collin squeaked.

“Shut the fuck up,” I responded. I clenched my fists. Kyle reciprocated. I was closing in on him. We both raised our arms.

“STOP!” Katie’s voice was much more assertive than before. “Drew stop!...Both of you idiots, just stop it!” We all turned to look at her. “If you guys fight, EVERYONE will find out about this! It’ll only cause more problems.”

We all looked at her, dumbly. I relaxed my fists and put them back over my package. We all continued to look at her. She took a deep, nervous, sigh.

“I’ll do it, alright?....I’ll do it,” she sounded defeated.

Excitement crept back onto Kyle and Collin’s faces.

“But both of you need to put your phones face down over on the bench,” She commanded.

“Done!” Collin anxiously pulled his phone out of his pocket and rushed over to the bench. He came back to his viewing spot with both his hands in the air to show he wasn’t hiding anything. Kyle did the same, in a slower manner.

They lined up next to each other, and stood there silently for a bit. Katie continued to cover – and quiver. I backed up closer to her.

“Well?” Kyle said.

“Here,” Katie took a deep exhale, dropped her top arm, and exposed her round bouncy titties to the cousins. Her nips were perfectly upright and faced straight ahead. But her eyes looked down and away in shame.

“ohhhhhh,” Collin let out a little moan. I didn’t bother to look at those two morons. My gaze locked onto my sister’s rack – who knows if I’d ever see it again after tonight.

Still not making eye contact, and without being asked, Katie slowly spun around and showed off her bare ass. Her cheeks clenched and unclenched with nervousness, jiggling as they did so. I had forgotten how shapely her rear was.

“Duuuude…” Colin blurted out.

Katie completed a 360 and her boobs swung back and forth on her chest. She left them uncovered, and worked up the courage to face her tormentor. She raised her eyebrows at him, and gave him an annoyed look. “Okay?”

“Come onnnn Katie…you’re smarter than that! You know you’re not done,” he responded.

Her posture slumped again and she rolled her eyes. She frowned.

“You know, I actually didn’t get that good of a look earlier and I’m curious,” Kyle began. “You still have that little bush you had at the airport?”

Katie winced, but Kyle didn’t stop.

“Did you grow that for Drew?” He turned to me. “Is that your preference Drew? A hairy box?”

Katie blinked back tears and turned her head to the wall in embarrassment.

“Here!” She dropped her lower hand to her thigh and her last bit of modesty faded away. Katie’s cleeeean-shaven pussy was bared against her will.

“NIIIIIIICE!” Collin erupted.

“Ha! Razored smooth…typical whore,” Kyle scoffed. “Check out the buck-naked slut Collin!”

But Collin didn’t need an invitation. He was already maneuvering forward with a hungry look on his face. I stepped toward him and stretched my arm out to stop him from getting any closer.

My hard-as-a-rock cock was no longer able to be covered with just one hand, and Kyle took his eyes off Katie long enough to notice it.

“Bahahaha! Welp, no denying it now, Drew...You LOVVVE seeing that lil’ bald cooch!”

Katie looked at him with disgust and covered herself back up.

“What’s the matter, Katie? Don’t you wanna touch it? You were trying to earlier!

My sister shuttered again at the comment, but I did see her sneak a peek at me - perhaps to confirm that I was erect, perhaps to get one last look. She then took off. Cupping her tits and pussy, she was able to keep her front side controlled, but her bare butt bounced chaotically as she hurried over to a towel. The three of us were entranced. Once Katie reached her safety valve she quickly and efficiently wrapped herself up in the cotton. Breathing heavily and still shaking, she turned to face Kyle.

“You’re a fucking pervert freak,” she said calmly, but with biting hatred. “And you’re gonna get what’s coming to you.”

He just stood there smirking at her. She turned and stormed past Collin who remained in a trance. She exited the locker room, leaving me standing there, still nude, with the cousins.

Eventually, Kyle looked at me, a satisfied expression on his face. Neither of us said anything.

And then I pounced.

Like my high school days playing defensive end, I exploded with power and speed. Only now, the quarterback I was after wasn’t some cocky kid with a good arm. It was a small little iPhone,that stored a life-shattering video on it. Kyle was taken by surprise, but he had a good 10-foot head start. He beat me to his phone but I was determined to wrestle it away. His stupid grin was now replaced with repulsion as my hairy body slammed against him.

“Collin!” His arm was stretched as far away from me as he could muster. “Catch!” He was barely able to toss the phone to his younger cousin right as I tackled him against the bench. His body hit the wood with force. “AHHH! FUCK!” He shrieked with pain.

Collin caught the phone and sprinted out of the room. By the time I was able to stand up and chase after him – barefoot – it was futile. He was at least 50 yards away and scurried into the rec center office. I ran up to the door, still ass naked out in the middle of the rec center, and turned the knob with frustration.

“FUCK YOU PUSSY!” I yelled.

But it was done. Short of full-blown assault against Kyle, there was nothing left I could do. And Katie and I were in BIG trouble.






