Author: Pescador del Valle
Title: Doppelganger
Part: Chapter 6 of 31
Summary: Justin was born with a little extra - a set of
         female sex organs - but that was just the
         beginning.
Keywords: mf, mfff, oral, rom, inc
Language: English
Copyright: 2005

*********************************************
*                 WARNING!                  *
* This text file contains sexually explicit *
* material. If you do not wish to read this *
* type of literature, or you are under age, *
*      PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!      *
*********************************************

Comments appreciated :
  see Pescador del Valle on www.asstr.org/authors.html
*********************************************************

INTRODUCTION

Justin Rogers was born not quite 16 years ago with 
something special - a complete functional set of female 
sex organs.  Just recently he had found they don't really 
belong to him but to his twin sister Tina who spent much 
of her early life sharing his body.

From time to time she was able to visit as a distinct 
person but some survival instinct made her merge with him 
again before she was discovered.

Now they have met properly and, sharing memories and 
experiences whenever they are merged (or "together" as 
opposed to being "with each other" as separate people), 
they have a similar outlook to many matters including 
their sexual awakening.

*********************************************************

WEEK 4
======

MONDAY
======

It was a long week for both Justin and Tina.

Monday saw Tina's "arrival" and formal introduction to 
her father.  It was also when Justin found himself with 
two unexpected friends at school.

---

After Mal and Justin left in the morning Tina joined her 
mother in the kitchen.  Disappearing while Justin got 
ready, Tina had emerged before Justin had eaten so she 
could accept Bernie's hospitality - it seemed to worry 
her not seeing Tina eating a healthy meal.

"Could I have some toast and juice please Mum?"  Tina 
went to work on her mother's maternal instincts.

"Certainly dear.  Help yourself from the refrigerator and 
I'll put the toast on."

They talked over their strategy for the day.  The bus was 
expected at around 2 p.m. and they figured they better go 
down there just in case Malcolm took some time off.  
Likewise Tina better appear with some luggage, and she 
couldn't use one of their suitcases, so after breakfast 
they went shopping.

They found an old used case, not too battered, in a 
charity shop located a couple of blocks from the Mall; 
the outrageous rentals charged inside that air-
conditioned monolithic building were outside the store's 
range.

Bernie thought it would be useful to buy some clothes 
from the same store to fill it.  Mal might then provide 
the funds to kit her out properly - he wasn't miserly in 
a good cause.

They grabbed some lunch and waited for 2 o'clock to roll 
around.

-----

Justin's lunchtime was intriguing; for him and his amused 
friends.

Katie and Tyler had sat down with him before any of his 
own friends could arrive.  With one on either side he was 
subjected to some quizzical glances by those who had been 
wishing one or other of the girls (or any girl for that 
matter) would show some interest in them.  You could 
almost hear them thinking "What's he got that I haven't?"

Similarly there were a number of girls intrigued as to 
what was suddenly so special about him, though they 
didn't consider the other boys as an adequate source of 
comparison.

He was okay to look at, though definitely not as muscular 
or rugged-looking as some of the jocks; he spoke well and 
he didn't play the fool quite as much as some of the 
others but he also hadn't shown any real interest in any 
of the girls before.

Justin's mates were simply glad to have some female 
companionship around so they could try to impress them 
with their wit and charm - neither worked.

Both girls did make an effort to include the other boys 
in their conversations about a range of normal things so 
as not to focus too much on Justin but when everyone had 
eaten they made it clear they wanted some time alone with 
him and suggested a walk around the oval.

Sheepishly accepting his friends encouraging and none too 
subtle gestures behind the girls' backs, he walked 
between them out into the school grounds.

There was a tension between them; no-one entered 
another's personal space and there was limited 
conversation while they were close to any others - and 
most definitely no physical contact.

They sought and found a suitable shady spot where their 
privacy was protected.

"Have you spoken to your cousin?"

"Yes"

"Did she say anything about Friday?"

"Only that she likes you both and had a good time."  
Justin told the simple truth.  His knowledge of their 
behaviour together had come from Tina's memories when she 
merged so he could carry her clothing through the house 
after escorting her home.

"So you don't know what happened?"

"I can imagine but it isn't really my business.  I 
haven't spoken to anyone but Tina about the first 
'incident' and consider the any similar matters to be 
personal.  I'm not saying I'm not interested ...", he 
grinned at them, "... but I'm not a gossip."

He didn't add that gossip could probably hurt him far 
more than them if the REAL story came out.  For now only 
his doctor and his mother knew the details and he trusted 
both those women implicitly.

"She mentioned that she learned some things with you and 
that you have some skills.

"Oh?  What sort of skills?"  He knew very well but 
couldn't say that; besides it didn't hurt to have the two 
girls beside him open up a little.

"Er, just that you were considerate of other people's 
feelings and liked to see them happy."

That certainly could describe his delight at hearing Tina 
suppress a scream as her body shook with orgasm after 
orgasm.

"That's true though I wouldn't call that a skill."

"The skill probably has more to do with how you make them 
happy."

"Yes, and we were wondering if you might like to bring 
Tina over to Katie's house again next Friday evening ... 
and stay this time."  Tyler turned a little red as she 
spoke for the first time since sitting on the grass.

"I would like that; very much.  Thank you."

They agreed on seven o'clock again and after a couple of 
innocuous questions about Tina and a lull in the 
conversation they spoke on safer school matters until it 
was time to go back in.

Katie turned to him, "You will continue to be discrete?"

"How about you wanted some help with a subject and didn't 
want everyone to hear?"

"It better be Chemistry.  I could actually use some help 
with that", Tyler joked.

"Well then, I'll bring my notes on Friday."

"I didn't mean that."

"Well I do like to see people happy after all, and 
Katie's parents would probably prefer to see you studying 
with a boy in the house wouldn't they?"

Katie could only agree.

Justin knew Friday would not arrive quickly enough.

-----

The subterfuge wasn't necessary - Mal was busy at work - 
but it still helped to have some props for display.

Bernie "showed" Tina to her new room, something she 
didn't really want but Tina knew her real wishes wouldn't 
go down well.  At least it was next to Justin's room at 
the other end of the house to their parents' bedroom and 
they didn't have to share the bathroom with them.

The one thing she really paid attention to as she left 
her bag in the room was the double bed.  Justin had 
little reason to go into what was normally their guest 
room and neither had thought about the fittings.

Tina had an idea though she had to use Mal rather then 
Bernie to make it work.  She let it simmer in the back of 
her mind until she was ready.

-----

Justin received and returned his now familiar warm 
welcome when he got home and was about to be "coached" by 
his mother when Tina interrupted her.

"There is a faster way".

She disappeared while Justin grinned then popped back, 
naked again, before her mother's eyes.

"They did!  Wonderful!"  Tina hugged her brother ("No, 
get used to thinking 'Cousin'", Bernie thought.) while 
her mother looked on in disbelief.

"You two may be used to each other's bodies but others 
aren't necessarily that fortunate."

"Sorry Mum.  I have to change into my new old clothes 
anyway."

"What is so wonderful?"  Bernie asked as Tina donned her 
underwear and then reached for the pre-owned outer 
garments.

"Justin got invited to a girl's house next weekend."

"It's not that big a deal, they could use some help with 
Chemistry.  Hey I can take Tina to meet them."

"Still.  They're a couple of hot babes."  Tina was 
pretending to tease him in front of their mother.

"They are alright, I suppose."

"It is probably a good idea if she DOES go with you then 
if they are such 'babes'.  And stop teasing him Tina."

Sneaky!  An excuse AND a chaperone!

She left them to go through their homework while she 
prepared their meal; Mal would be home soon.

-----

"Mal, this is Tina.  Tina, my husband Mal."

"Hello Tina."

"Hello Uncle Mal."

"Mal is okay."

"Hello Mal."  She tried to appear nervous meeting a 
stranger she had actually known all her life.  She was 
glad she had "met" Bernie and Justin before he got home 
so she could reasonably appear more at ease with them.  
It wasn't easy to avoid doing or saying something she 
wasn't supposed to know about yet.

"How was your trip?"

They had seen the bus come in on time and with the normal 
mixture of cheerful and morose passengers.  Tina had also 
eavesdropped on the conversations so she was able to 
truthfully reply "long but uneventful".

There was no way they wanted her story shot to pieces by 
some report of a major pile up on the interstate 
appearing on the evening news.

"Well I hope you enjoy your stay with us.  Let me know if 
you want anything."

"Thank you."

They sat down to dinner and both Mal and Bernie grinned 
to see her eat a substantial meal.  In fact it was only 
slightly marred by Justin's complaint of a stomach ache 
which stopped him from doing more than pick at his food.  
"I'll have it later if I'm feeling better."

With Tina present so much of the time it would be 
necessary for them to eat for two but they still ran the 
risk of an actual stomach ache if she was forced to merge 
before a double meal had time to be at least partially 
digested.

Justin wondered how they could stagger their meal times.

Over dinner Mal couldn't get over the resemblance between 
the two teenagers.  He had always thought Justin had 
inherited more of his own family's looks (though he had a 
delicacy to his features that Mal would rather were 
absent); it was obvious now that he had been wrong.  
"Hell", he thought, "the kids are only second cousins and 
still they could pass for brother and sister."

He knew that he had never fooled around since he had met 
Bernice, and that any youthful indiscretions would have 
resulted in a much older son or daughter than Tina if he 
did have another unknown child around.  It certainly 
wasn't a case of HIS sins coming back to haunt him; and 
he certainly would have known if his wife had been 
pregnant!  It just showed how the random combination of 
genes could sometimes produce some interesting results.

Justin offered to help his mother clear up but Tina was 
instructed to relax.  "You come and sit down.  You've had 
a long day so just rest for now."

Tina allowed herself to be herded into the lounge by her 
father.  Justin and her mother had had an equally (not 
so) long day but it suited her own plans.

"Uncle Mal, er, Mal.  There is one thing I wondered 
about.  My room is lovely and I do appreciate you taking 
me in but the bed, well, it's a double bed and I don't 
really want to sleep in such a big bed.  If Justin 
doesn't mind do you think we could swap?"

"I don't see why not.  Let's ask him."

Mal was wondering, "Did someone try to molest her in a 
double bed?  Was her father attacking her?"  He hated the 
idea this lovely young girl may have been abused.

"Justin!"

"Yes Dad?"

"Do you mind swapping your bed with Tina's?"

"Huh?"  Tina hadn't prepped him for this.  "Er No.  No, 
that's okay.  It should fit."

"Give us a hand when you're finished then.  I'll just get 
a spanner."

He returned with the tool and had dismantled the frame of 
Tina's as yet unused bed before his son joined him.

It was a reasonably simple job though Bernie, standing 
out the way with Tina as the "men" did their "men jobs", 
was curious why it was necessary.

"Justin and I spent a lot of time together, sharing one 
body I mean, but sometimes I would emerge when we were 
sleeping.  I think I still need to spend SOME time with 
him but if I emerge in the night his old bed is going to 
be uncomfortable.  This way if it happens we have room to 
sleep."

She didn't mention that she probably wouldn't be merged 
quite as much as in the past but at least it gave her an 
excuse (in Bernie's case) if she was discovered in 
Justin's bed or if her own bed hadn't been slept in.

If Mal found them she would just have to disappear.  She 
hoped that Justin's dick wouldn't be buried inside her at 
the time - they still hadn't worked out what to expect 
then.

She had another idea.

"Mum.  It would be VERY hard to explain to Dad what I was 
doing in Justin's bed if he found me there.  Do you think 
you could maybe drop a hint that it would probably be a 
good idea if I didn't see him around my room while I was 
sleeping.  You wouldn't actually have to say it had 
something to do with why I am here."

Bernie could see the merits of Tina's request; she 
wouldn't actually have to lie to Mal - it WOULD be a good 
idea if he wasn't there to accidentally see them 
together.

-----

For the first time Tina took a shower all by herself; 
there was no way Justin would have been able to avoid his 
father's concerned scrutiny, especially after the little 
talk he got about being sensitive to his cousin's 
privacy.

Mal found he liked the girl; she was not at all moody or 
withdrawn as he had suspected might be the case.  She 
certainly seemed self-confident; no sign of uncertainty 
amongst strangers or in a strange house.

It made him wonder what HAD been the reason she had 
needed to leave her home.  Bernie had hinted but hadn't 
really been forthcoming and he couldn't see any obvious 
sign at the girl's waistline that she was expecting.

"Still", he thought, "I'll keep an eye on her for a few 
days to see if she has any problems."

He didn't realise that THIS would be her only real 
problem.

Bernie did tuck Tina in though Tina would have preferred 
being in the wide bed she had connived to have put in 
Justin's room.

But it didn't really matter.

Before their mother had closed the door and walked past 
Justin's door Tina had left her nightie spread out under 
the collapsing bed clothes and had merged and reappeared 
naked beside Justin; she now had the delay down to a 
fraction of a second.

As she slid into position beside him they listened to 
Bernie call goodnight to Justin as she passed by.

"Goodnight Mum."

Barely were the words out of his mouth than Tina's tongue 
had taken their place.

"Mmm", she hummed around it and his.

Justin inhaled through his mouth, drawing her breath and 
then exhaled back into her mouth.  Tina resisted at first 
then, realising what he was doing, breathed her own 
breath back in from his body.  They broke apart quietly 
giggling and Justin brushed his lips over hers.

"Congratulations on getting us a bigger playground.  
Would you like to climb up on the gym?"  He indicated his 
chest.

"Jim, Tom, Harry.  I'd even climb on a Dick.  But I 
suppose a Justin will have to do."

Justin slid down the bed and moved his pillow out the 
way.

Tina knelt over his head and he gripped her hips to lower 
her in range of his tongue.

She grabbed the headboard while straining to hold her 
weight off of her brother's face.  It became harder as 
she was there longer and as her body began to respond to 
the probing of her cunt and the lapping of her pussy.

Her body was taking control from her mind; Justin found 
the wet furry vulva that had been suspended just above 
his face was now being forcefully plastered against him.  
His nostrils were surrounded by a soft fur-covered mound 
and his chin blocked any air coming past her ass cheeks.  
He persisted for a while and then had to tap his 
surrender against her side.

Even then it was a couple of long, airless seconds before 
Tina could recover enough to register the thrashing of 
his head as he tried to indicate his need for oxygen.

"Sorry love.  That just felt so nice."

Justin, drawing deep breaths, could appreciate the reason 
but was unable to comment.

Appreciative, Tina shuffled down his body, pinching his 
biceps under her knee as she moved to sit across his 
ankles.  It wasn't particularly comfortable for either of 
them until she leaned forward; she was like a bobbing 
bird toy, her head dipping down and her ass soaring 
skywards as she slid her lips over the firm erection that 
was barely visible in the darkened room.

Justin extended his arms and cupped the pointy tits as 
they descended within reach.

They retained their shape regardless of Tina's position 
and Justin made no attempt to grab hold; instead he slid 
his fingers over the surface of each young breast and 
nipple, moving his hands towards his head on the down 
stroke and back again on the upstroke before temporarily 
losing contact.

Tina didn't work on his cock for long.  She enjoyed the 
sweet offering of his pre-cum but wanted the hard cock 
elsewhere.  Once again her light weight crushed his 
ankles before she shuffled up his body to sit astride the 
saliva-dampened penis.

Justin could just feel the fur on Tina's mound against 
his cock head before Tina pushed it over the surface of 
her clit, through the delightful terrain of her pussy and 
into the tight confines of her cunt.

He felt it rise inside her, kept snug and warm in her 
intimate embrace.

Tina paused as she felt herself filled with his meaty 
rod.  She knew that there would be little time before it 
exploded regardless of whether she moved or not but the 
stillness gave her a few seconds more to appreciate how 
it stretched her internal muscles.

She began to rock, not pumping up and down but edging 
herself forward and back so the surface of her clitoris 
brushed across Justin's prone body.

She felt him raise his hips as he tried to push deeper 
and "remembered" how good it was to feel a hot pussy on 
his prick.

That memory was soon replaced by the current situation of 
feeling his prick moving in her hot pussy.

They both picked up speed and Tina leaned down closer to 
his ear.

"I'm going to ride you like this next Friday with either 
Tyler or Katie squatting over your face."

Whether she could make it happen or not, the image was 
too much for Justin and Tina felt the first hot splash 
inside her as his cock twitched and cum spurted from the 
tip.

She rode him harder, really grinding her clit against him 
as she too was launched to soaring emotional heights 
while Justin was just starting to drift back earthwards.

He held his body up from the bed, arching to give his 
lover a clear contact exactly where she needed it and was 
gratified to see the second tremor pass over her while 
she was still recovering from the first.

She slumped forwards, exhausted and exhilarated.

-----

"I began wondering about what you said the other day, 
about how sometimes it is Tina who is clothed and Justin 
who appears naked.  I came up with an idea what might be 
happening.

What if it isn't Tina emerging from Justin but rather 
Justin splitting into Tina and, say, 'Jus'.  Except 
sometimes you split into 'Jus' and Tina."

"So why would I feel like I was always the same?"

"Tina, do your memories and experiences jump when you 
emerge or come together?"

Tina had to suppress her humour at the doctor's 
unintentional pun.  They had certainly been coming 
simultaneously recently, though that wasn't what THEY 
considered as 'together'.  Why masturbate when there was 
someone willing to do that, or more, for you?

"There is a jump in what I am looking at except when he 
is the naked one since I am actually moved in space.  The 
only other thing I notice is catching up on some of 
Justin's experiences from a different viewpoint than I 
originally saw or things I missed when we were apart."

"So Tina senses the continuity of her existence as well.  
Perhaps it is only because you were conditioned from 
birth to BE the combined person that Tina was relegated 
to a secondary role."

"Sorry sis."

"I always knew you were a bully.  Typical male attitude - 
keep the women quiet and out of sight."  She poked her 
tongue out at him.

"So I should be able to emerge from 'Justin' as well.  
Maybe we should call him "Justina'?"

"If you're going to call us 'Justina' when we're together 
then you should also refer to us as a 'shim'; there's 
just as much girl as boy there!"

"Don't confuse the issue.  Well doctor?"

"If I'm correct it may be possible theoretically but it 
might not be something you are consciously able to 
control - unless Tina can tell you how she does it?"

"I can't really explain how to myself.  It's just 
something I can make happen."

"And how long does it take you to emerge now?"

Tina disappeared and reappeared, though now standing 
naked behind her brother, before Dr Sue could finish her 
sudden intake of breath.  She reached for her clothes and 
started dressing again.  "About that long."

"I'd need more than a stopwatch, I don't think my 
reaction time would be fast enough to be accurate - less 
than half a second anyway."

"I can't think of any reason why I would need to go 
popping in and out unless we have to fight off a mugger 
or something but it does mean I can be with Justin any 
time I want.

"Lately we haven't spent as much time awake together; we 
used to be together during the day and with each other at 
night when we wouldn't be discovered but now we're 
together when we sleep and with each other during the day 
- not even that really, Mum's been happy to have me 
around so Justin's been going to school by himself."

"And you haven't had any problems being so far apart?"

"No but we were worried what would happen if we had to 
merge over so great a distance.  When I emerge I'm 
normally only an arms length from Justin and usually 
behind him though it does depend on what's around him."

"We made some tests.  The first time Tina disappeared 
when she wasn't next to me was when she was in the 
kitchen and I was in the laundry - around five metres I 
suppose.  So we started there and then tried one metre 
more each time.

The doctor looked back to Tina as the story telling 
jumped between them.

"I thought it was getting harder at first but now I think 
that was only because I was nervous.  We had no trouble 
at 30 metres - the length of our yard - but then we had 
to work out where we could try longer distances without 
my clothes being left around the place and working out 
how to tell when to merge."

"Would radio transceivers help?"

"A walkie talkie set?  I had one when we were younger; it 
didn't have much more range than we could see anyway."

"They're a bit more sophisticated now, hip pack and 
headset and longer range for not much more than the price 
of a toy.  In the interest of our scientific research let 
me fund your investigations."  She took some banknotes 
out of her purse.

"I think you can get a reasonable set at the electronics 
store in the Mall.  Stop if you feel there is ANY problem 
but please let me know how you make out.  If Tina stays 
in her room and Justin walks down the block you should be 
able to get a rough measurement."

"Looks like I'm up for a fair bit of exercise - there and 
back for each attempt."

"At least you'll keep fit."

That led to a discussion of caloric intake when they were 
with each other compared to when they had merged 
together.

If Tina was spending time with her Mother she needed to 
eat - something Justin had been able to do for both of 
them when they were together - provided they didn't merge 
while the food was still in their stomachs.

Justin had already found himself with severe stomach 
cramps as his stomach had been distended; it was bad 
enough having to rush to the toilet when he found his 
bowel or bladder overloaded but that at least could be 
more easily remedied.

Sue pointed out the problem they could expect if they ate 
for two and then spent most of their time together - they 
could expect to gain weight rapidly.

"How about if Justin exercises and I veg out during the 
day and then we spend the night together - will it even 
out?" Tina asked with a cheeky grin.

Sue didn't mind a little levity from the "twins".  It 
showed they were normal teenagers in most respects and 
that they were coping with their situation.  She would be 
much more concerned if they showed signs of depression or 
stress.

"I'll assume you aren't serious.  What if you put on 
weight and he didn't except when he went to bed?"

"I just wouldn't emerge until he got us fit again!"

There was a mutual poking out of tongues which the doctor 
ignored.  They had covered pretty well everything so her 
teenage "patients" thanked her and stood to go.

"Let me know how the radios work out."

-----

Over the next three nights they found they could reach 
well over two kilometres without any noticeable problem 
or delay.

They had gotten braver with each success and Justin was 
now riding his bike a block at a time further.

Tina could still only emerge within touching distance but 
that in itself didn't seem to be a cause for concern.

They did some experiments there as well to see whether 
Tina would only emerge in safe surroundings.

One evening Justin went to a neighbour's house while they 
were out and stood on the end of the diving board over 
their backyard pool.  At a height of only a metre over 
the water it didn't really count as dangerous but on each 
emergence, and regardless of the direction Justin was 
facing, Tina stood on the same patch of the board.

This was even the case when she pushed him off balance, 
merged while he teetered on the edge and then reappeared 
as he was committed to a dive.

She waited until he had climbed out and gotten a kiss 
before merging again; he deserved that at least for 
having to walk back next door in his wet clothes.

-----

When running or riding his bicycle slowly Tina would 
appear trotting at the same speed.   If he rode faster 
than she could easily run she didn't emerge.  They were 
happy about that as they dreaded what would happen if 
they had to split on a bus or train and Tina ended up on 
the outside of the vehicle.

That got them wondering about inside and outside and 
whether walls made any difference to Tina's emergence; 
they already knew such barriers didn't stop her merging.  
That test at least could be done at home without the risk 
of further wet clothes.

Justin and Tina went into his room leaving the door 
slightly ajar - their father had made that a rule since 
they had, somewhat to his amazement, gotten on so well 
since Tina had come to stay.  He knew what teenage boys 
and girls were likely to get up to.

Justin rested his back against the wall and Tina leaned 
against him as they kissed.  He was suddenly holding her 
empty clothes as she merged.  It was her preferred way of 
saying "Goodbye" or rather "See you later", one which he 
didn't mind in the least.

He had no sooner felt her merge than she was gone again.  
He turned and looked around the room; he was alone.

He waited about ten seconds and suddenly felt something 
in his mouth at the same time as he felt his organs 
rearranged.  He spat it out; it was a coin.  The feeling 
of change occurred again and this time Tina was behind 
him in the room.  She took the coin out of his hand.

"Two new skills.  One - I can get back to my own room if 
we get interrupted; two - we can always become burglars 
if we're strapped for cash."

"Forgetting our basic honesty for the moment, and 
ignoring the fact that you can't take any tools with you 
unless you want me to shove them up our pussy first, and 
disregarding little things like alarms, motion detectors 
and security cameras - I suppose you're right.  I 
personally wonder how thick the walls around the girls' 
change rooms are at school."

"With your luck that's the time you would appear naked 
rather than me."

"True.  Than might be better for me though; I would get 
to see the sights first hand."

"You would be the only sight!"

"I suppose so.  Still you're right about being able to 
move around if Dad comes by."

"He is protective, isn't he.  I think he likes having a 
daughter substitute."

"Wait until later and I'll show you why he's protective."

"Maybe it's you he needs to protect."

-----

FRIDAY
======

Justin had his parents' permission to take his "cousin" 
to meet a couple of girls from school.  Likewise Katie's 
parents didn't object to their daughter having a boy over 
to visit since there were going to be two other girls 
there as well.  They had a mistaken belief that there was 
safety in numbers when they should instead have 
considered "who guards those who guard".

When Tina saw Katie at the door with no oldies around she 
planted her tongue deep between Katie's lips - no air 
kisses by her cheek!

Katie was horrified by her action when she saw Justin 
grinning from behind.

Tina moved inside past the statue-like Kate.  "I won't 
greet my hostess quite so heartily", said Justin as he 
took Katie's hand and planted a kiss on the back before 
letting it go.

Katie's arm stayed outstretched as she began to giggle.  
"I don't know which of you is madder.  Come on!"

Her parents remembered Tina from the previous week but 
her father stood to shake Justin's hand.  His grip was 
firm and persisted as he looked Justin in the eyes while 
saying "Hello".

There was an unspoken warning and a veiled threat; Katie 
was his only daughter and he was as protective as Mal had 
become.

Tyler was downstairs and Tina squealed 
uncharacteristically as she lunged across to kiss her 
every bit as passionately as she had greeted Katie.

Justin had followed her down the stairs and stood unseen 
by Tyler as she put her hand on Tina's breast.  He could 
see the words forming in Tyler's mind as she opened her 
eyes when the kiss ended and saw him watching.

"Oh shit!"  The hand quickly dropped.

Justin knelt beside her and whispered, "It's okay.  I 
agree it's a nice tit to hold."

Tyler was about to suggest he was mistaken and to deny 
everything when she realise that, after all, this was 
basically why Tina had encouraged them to invite Justin.

She grinned, "It is isn't it?"

He smiled back and looked down at her chest.  "And not 
the only one around I imagine."

She blushed at his attention; like Katie she had found it 
a little disturbing that Tina was so open about kissing 
another girl.  It certainly did feel good; and she and 
Katie kissed in exactly the same manner, but only behind 
closed doors or alone here and not usually immediately on 
arrival.

To have her do it in front of a boy as well!  She knew 
how boys bragged and stories about watching two girls 
kissing would certainly earn some kudos for a fifteen 
year old.

She hoped he was as trustworthy as Tina promised or they 
were sunk; at least he HAD proved to be so far or he 
wouldn't have been invited tonight.

After her brief welcome to Tyler, Tina had stood and put 
her arm around Katie's waist.  Ever horny like her 
brother she was eager for the fun to start and hadn't 
picked up on the cooler attitudes of the other girls.

"Would anyone like a drink?"  Katie resumed her role as 
hostess.

"Yes please."

"Thanks"

"Ta"

She sorted out their preferences and went upstairs with 
Tina offering to lend a hand.

Tyler was alone with Justin.  The conversation had 
started well so he thought to continue it in the same 
vein.

"I've only ever touched Tina's breasts before.  Yours 
look lovely and soft; I've wondered about them at school 
sometimes; do you mind if I feel what they are like?"

The combination of compliment and question provided some 
risk that she would answer with a "No" but Justin hoped 
he was asking for such a significantly small favour that 
the fear of looking prudish would force Tyler to allow 
the intimacy.

Whether that was the reason or if instead she genuinely 
sought his touch the answer he heard was indeed a clear 
"Yes".

Now he found it important not to delay too long lest he 
appear wishy-washy.  Contrarily he didn't want to be seen 
to simply be grabbing.

He moved to sit beside her on the settee and gently 
turned her shoulders so her back was resting against his 
chest.  With his arms under hers he reached up and cupped 
his hands around the large bra cups.  He supported their 
mass and could just feel where her nipples were but the 
fabric of bra and top made any attempt at stimulation 
futile.

Instead he used his time to make Tyler comfortable, to 
reinforce her approval of his access to her body and to 
confirm to her his admiration of her assets.  Then, and 
not least, was his own desire to experience the 
difference in texture, structure, weight and form of her 
marvellous boobs.

When the other two could be heard coming down the stairs 
he didn't hurriedly take his hands away as though fearing 
being guilty of some crime; similarly he didn't want to 
brazenly proclaim her wanton behaviour without her 
permission by leaving them in place.

Instead he gave another gentle squeeze with each hand 
then dropped one to the arm of the chair while sliding 
the other down Tyler's body to rest on her waist.  He 
brushed his lips over her hair and whispered, "You feel 
fantastic."

Though Tina only smiled, Katie was surprised to see them 
sitting so close together, and so soon.

"What has he been up to?" she wondered.  "At least Tyler 
seems happy enough."

The drinks were handed around and Katie and Tina sat 
opposite in another settee.

"Well?  What shall we do?" asked Tina.

"Tyler wanted to study Chemistry the other day", answered 
her "cousin".

"I don't think so Justin; not tonight at least, though I 
would like some help some other time."

He rubbed his hand up and down Tyler's side as they 
talked, brushing the edge of her breast.  The subtle 
manoeuvre was obvious to Katie who found herself a little 
jealous that Tyler was welcoming his attention.  She 
rested her hand on Tina's leg and gently stroked her 
fingertips over her inner thigh; perhaps she could make 
Tyler feel the same way!

Tina clamped her legs briefly together to hold Katie's 
hand in an appreciative embrace before spreading them 
wide to allow her to roam wherever she wished.

Justin looked over the coffee table to stare at his 
sister's crotch.

"It looks like you're getting hot already; your knickers 
are showing damp patches."  He looked higher at Tina's 
smile and then across into Katie's eyes.

"I can understand that; I find it rather exciting being 
here with three attractive girls."

Katie watched as his eyes travelled down her body before 
her own eyes were attracted to the slight movement of his 
hand sliding forward to gently squeeze Tyler's tit.

"Well I don't want to go home in underwear that is so 
starched it will keep its shape so excuse me Katie."  
Tina stood and reached under her skirt.  She bent over 
and drew the offending article down to her ankles and 
stepped out of them.

The panties were dropped between the glasses on the 
coffee table.  Tina resumed her seat and lifted Katie's 
unresisting hand to restore it to its former position on 
her leg.

Katie and Tyler had gotten into the habit of wearing 
skirts when they were together since they were easier to 
work around than jeans.

If for some reason Katie's parents came down, or they had 
to go up they, like Tina now, would be immediately 
presentable simply by standing.  Pulling on and zipping 
up jeans might just take long enough to cause a problem.

Justin could now see the contrasting light and dark of 
Tina's furry bush against her pale skin.

"That looks much better, doesn't it Tyler?"

Tyler had to strain back against him to see and he used 
her breast to help pull her back into his body.  There 
was nothing forceful about his grip, it was more a flat 
palm compressing the flesh and it did feel nice to Tyler.  
She lifted her own hand and placed it on the back of his.

He was making progress!

The evening had turned out quite different than he had 
expected.  When he and Tina were together they shared the 
horniness of raging teenage hormones and on her emergence 
they were of one mind about doing something about it.

It was a far different matter of seduction and counter-
seduction with girls who were in two minds about how far 
to go with him.  He was surprised by how much more fun he 
was having and could feel his heart thumping louder with 
the excitement of the "chase".

Tyler did wet her lips at the sight of Tina's bare pussy 
but didn't comment.

"Can't you see it clearly?  Katie would you mind just 
moving Tina's skirt up a little please?"

It was easy for Tina and Justin to play off against each 
other; they knew what they were interested in and 
prepared to do and having opened up the evening to sexual 
matters they hoped it would be easier for the others to 
follow.

Katie did as she was asked, breaking her gaze at the 
mesmerised Tyler to sneak her own peek at the sweet 
sight.  So far Justin was leading them much as Tina had 
the previous week.

Justin caught Tina's eyes and nodded towards Katie.  Tina 
turned and saw Katie glancing down at her exposed bush 
then glance away for a while before returning for another 
look.  She was certainly interested but would she take it 
a step further?  Tina reached under Katie's arm and 
slowly eased her skirt up as well.

Katie looked down as her black thong became visible.  She 
checked across the room and both Tyler and Justin were 
watching the slow exposure.  She blushed at the same time 
as she got a thrill at the situation and wasn't surprised 
to hear "Why don't you slip those off too?"

At least the suggestion wasn't surprising but the speaker 
was!  Tyler wanted to see her pussy too.

Feeling rather slutty Katie stood and lifted her skirt 
high with both hands while she turned to display the 
black cord between her white cheeks.  She then bent so 
the full curve of her pussy lips could be seen through 
her legs from behind.

Justin could also see the variation in shade where her 
puckered asshole was barely covered by the thin strand.  
He wondered if Katie would have been so open had she 
known what she was revealing; his cock throbbed at the 
thought of running his hands over those ivory cheeks.

Katie dropped the skirt as she stood; the curtain closing 
to signal the end of the overture.  She slipped her hands 
up under the sides and used her thumbs to draw the thong 
down to her knees.  Flipping the back of her skirt up she 
sat and carelessly kicked the thong off her legs making 
it land atop Tina's lacy whites.

Tina place her hand on Katie's thigh and slid it up the 
leg so Katie's skirt drifted up as well.  Tyler watched 
while she also became aware of Justin's thudding heart 
behind her head.  He was trying his best to massage her 
breast in a pleasing manner but her clothing ruined most 
of his efforts.

"Oh well, If they can flash a bit of pussy..."

She leaned forward and stripped off her top, waiting 
there until Justin got the hint.  He couldn't help 
grinning as he released the clasp and slid the straps 
over her shoulders.

Tyler added her bra to the growing pile on the table and 
slipped her t-shirt back over only her head; it gave 
Justin as much access as he might need yet allowed her to 
quickly cover up - none of them were sure the old customs 
would still apply when a boy was down here.

Justin did take advantage of her dishabille, turning on 
the settee so that Tyler could rest square against his 
chest rather than at an angle.  He could now wrap his 
arms around her bare body and use both his hands to far 
greater effect.

Tina knew just how nice his hands felt as she watched his 
thumbs stroke over the surface of the plump breasts, 
teasing the other girl as he barely avoided the wide 
circular disks that surrounded her fat flat nipples.

Flat?

Tina watched as they visibly grew when her "cousin" made 
the lightest contact.  It was almost as though they were 
straining to touch him.

Tyler had closed her eyes and leaned her head back on 
Justin's collar bone.  She thought that this was starting 
to look like a very good night yet so far there had been 
less physical contact than she could have experienced on 
any movie date.

"He makes you feel good doesn't he?"

Tyler opened her eyes and looked across at Tina.  They 
traced a path down Tina's arm to where her hand rested 
between Katie's legs and then Katie's down between 
Tina's; both of them were gently stroking their fingers 
over the surfaces of each other's pussy.

"Mmm"  She ran a tongue over her lips and saw both the 
other girls' tongues briefly appear in a sympathetic 
echo.

"Justin?"  Tina's quietly whispered call had three pairs 
of eyes turned her way.  "Swap with me please."

Katie didn't mind - Justin was looking a better prospect 
and she was happy for him to play with HER breasts for a 
while - but Tyler looked more rebellious.  It seemed like 
she had only shucked her clothing a few seconds ago and 
now, when things were finally moving for her, Tina wanted 
to call a halt.

If it hadn't been for Tina planting her mouth on Tyler's 
tit before Justin had a chance to release them she might 
have protested but the feel of hand and tongue operating 
in unison on the same tit drove those thoughts from her 
mind.

Justin released one mound and supported Tyler's body 
while he squirmed out then gently lowered her head back 
onto the chair's upholstered arm.  With his sister 
attached limpet-like to one of Tyler's tits he leaned 
down and gave his classmate a tender kiss; he had to try 
to hold back his own passion - the night was still young.

Katie was waiting for him but he couldn't resist, there 
was a tit free and it lay there on Tyler's chest like a 
target; a large outer circle where gravity drew the large 
tit against her rib cage, a wide dark circle and then in 
the centre a reddish-brown knob, pimply coated and ready 
for the arrow head of his tongue.

He struck off-centre then let his tongue drift over and 
around the bullseye before inhaling the raspberry into 
his mouth and gently biting deep behind the nipple.

He released it with a kiss and looked lovingly into 
Tyler's eyes as he mouthed "I'll be back."

Katie had been waiting extremely patiently.  No she 
hadn't!  She was envious of the attention her girlfriend 
was getting from the newcomers and had taken herself in 
hand.  She had already removed her bra when Tina had 
deserted her and was letting a finger dip into the juice 
banked up behind her pussy lips.

She stopped when Justin stood up but not before he had 
caught sight of her behaviour.  He knelt before her and 
took her face between his hands; she leaned into his 
kiss, returning it and worming her tongue into his mouth.

They explored each other, relishing the wet feel and 
clean taste, then Justin sat back on his heels and rested 
his palms on her thighs instead.  He pushed them gently 
apart and Katie let her legs spread as she watched him 
staring at her exposed pussy.  She blushed once again; 
everything was so different from meeting him at school.

Justin took her hand and, turning it palm upwards, kissed 
her wrist.

At the door his mock gallantry had been a bit of fun, now 
it was serious foreplay.  He and Tina had "borrowed" one 
of their parents' books, one that had given them many 
practical hints regarding the arts of love and the 
attainment of mutual pleasure.

One chapter had dealt with the necessity of wooing one's 
partner and the use of areas of their body with erotic 
potential but which were often ignored in the rush to 
insert Part A in Slot B.

He could have proceeded, Gomez Addams style, up her arm 
to her neck but decided instead to travel in the opposite 
direction; as Gomez might also have done had Morticia 
been inclined to dip her fingers in her black shrouded 
twat.

He kissed the fleshy ball of her thumb as he held her 
hand in both of his, then pressed his lips to the end of 
that thick digit.

Katie was enjoying being the recipient of the unusual 
attentions and didn't connect her earlier activity with 
his actions until she heard his purr of delight as he 
slid her next fingers between his lips and laved them 
clean with his tongue.

"More please."  He looked directly into her eyes; it took 
a little while before he saw the globe light up over her 
head accompanied by a short sharp intake of breath.  
Katie found his request that she coat her fingers with 
her juices while he watched to be far more erotic than 
had he inserted his own into her virgin cunt.

She lifted her hand from his and slowly moved it between 
her legs.  Justin once again applied the gentle pressure, 
instructing her to widen the gap so he had a clear view.

She looked across to see if her wanton behaviour was also 
being observed by the others but they were busy with 
their own passionate kisses and, since Tina had now 
removed her own top, a little breast to breast massage.

Katie parted her lips, sliding over the furry surface and 
into the damp furrow.  She slid her finger back and forth 
while Justin watched.

"Deeper please."

Oh this was getting kinky - at least for fifteen old 
classmates on a first "date" - and she was getting 
wetter.

She slid her finger in to the first knuckle and, watching 
Justin's excited interest, splayed her fingers so he 
could clearly see the second knuckle as it disappeared 
inside her.  "I can't believe I'm doing this", she softly 
told him.

Even before Tina had come back more regularly into his 
life Justin had felt what it was like to dip his finger 
into a damp vagina, although at that stage it was his own 
- a fact that would have left Katie and Tyler stunned if 
they dared tell them, and one he could no longer prove 
while Tina remained at his side.

It was only after the doctor had surgically deflowered 
him that he was able to feel further up inside himself 
but that, though feeling good, was nowhere near as 
interesting as watching a girl doing it, especially one 
who spent several hours of every day seated near him in 
one class after another.

Katie removed the glistening digit and hesitatingly 
offered it to him.  He made a show of inhaling the heady 
scent and then letting her watch him lick each side clean 
rather than sucking the juicy secretions from her finger.

Her hopes of having his touch on her breasts were 
shattered and replaced by something even more magnificent 
as he bent and planted a kiss on the furry mantelpiece.  
He reached behind her and, placing his hands on her 
buttocks for the first time, used her ass cheeks to guide 
her forward until she was sitting on the edge of the 
chair.

He parted her outer lips with his fingers and looked at 
the intricate structure.  Like fingerprints (and indeed 
noses, ears, mouths and penises), no two pussies are 
quite the same and Justin was caught up for a few seconds 
in the differences between the display in front of him 
and the only other vulva he was familiar with.

"Lovely", he smiled, "Perfectly lovely."  With a brief 
glance at Katie's own smile at his slight compliment he 
moved his face closer.

The kiss on her pussy was a revelation for Katie.  His 
soft lips did not compare even to a gentle touch of 
someone's fingers.

Fifteen year old boys were supposed to be clumsy, 
fumbling with catches, clashing teeth when they kissed, 
pinching nipples too tightly - all reasons for NOT 
getting involved with them.  "So how come Justin is 
different", she asked herself.

Tina could have told her that he hadn't been at first; it 
was just he was a quick learner since he was much more 
aware of the effect of his mistakes and tended not to 
repeat them.  Plus they had been getting nightly practice 
- far more than most teenagers managed in their first 
year or two once losing their virginity.  And finally 
they had been eager to apply the information gleaned from 
their reading matter.

Justin proceeded to show Katie the skills Tina had 
promised; he used his tongue to part the lips he had been 
kissing and freed the thin inner lips trapped between.

Katie's were smoother, straighter and slightly thicker 
than Tina's convoluted labia and he wasn't able to suck 
them into his mouth where he wanted to lick the coating 
of juices from them.  Instead he pressed his teeth 
lightly over them, a gentle nip that had Katie pushing 
her pussy further forward.

Then she felt his tongue again; a single smooth pass over 
the top of her crevice, then another in the same 
direction - deeper this time, and
yet a third - scooping up the sweet juices as it 
travelled through the depths.

She felt it circle back around the outside rim, wetting 
the curly hairs and the side of her thighs before 
plunging into the source of her sweetness.

The invasion of her most private place by a boy, and one 
she wasn't in love with, was against all she had been 
taught and the wrongness only added to the warm glow 
Justin's tongue was giving her.

She reached under her top; the touch on her nipples was 
divine, as was Justin's mouth on her pussy.  Her 
introduction to oral sex had her sold; she could actually 
feel his tongue writhing and thrusting inside her!

In future, any boy who wanted anything from her would 
have to show a proficiency at rug munching or she would 
quickly give him the flick.

While Justin had been getting to know Katie (or parts of 
her) better, Tina and Tyler had been stoking each other's 
fires.

After working on Tyler's tits for a while, Tina had stood 
at the end of the couch and leaned over so Tyler could 
suck on her tit while she still had access to Tyler's 
plumper mounds.  She also worked her hand under the waist 
band of Tyler's knickers so that she too had access to a 
hot pussy.

Justin's tongue was simulated by Tina's long middle 
finger as she teased the lubrication from Tyler's cunt 
and spread it over the surface of her pussy.  Tyler 
arched her back, forcing her chest into Tina's face, as 
Tina slid her finger deep into the hot, tight hole; it 
was thoroughly flooded by the thick slimy flow.

She lifted her head from Tyler's nipple and turned her 
body to find her mouth instead.  Tyler immediately sucked 
her tongue deep inside as she revelled in the feeling of 
being finger-fucked by her new girlfriend.  She only 
wished Justin's hands were still fondling her breasts at 
the same time.

The reminder made her turn her head without losing 
contact with Tina's mouth.  The view was somewhat 
obscured by Tina's body but she wanted to see what the 
others were doing.

There was her other girlfriend Katie, legs spread wider 
than Tyler would have believed possible, with Justin's 
head slowly bobbing over her pussy.

Having never seen a porn video nor magazine it was a 
novel experience for Tyler.  Though the view was 
restricted, it added to the excitement of the finger 
currently fucking her hot cunt and made it even hotter.

Tina's finger slid out of the tight hole and rested 
instead over the bump where Tyler's clitoris struggled to 
break through a fold of skin that protected its sensitive 
nerve endings.

Tyler felt the entire length of the slippery finger pass 
over the surface and quietly screamed into Tina's open 
mouth.

She forgot about Katie and Justin as the sensations 
overwhelmed her.  Wave after wave passed through her 
cunt, through hips and belly and then to the outer 
extremities of all four limbs.

Tyler felt her eyelids flutter as her eyeballs turned up 
leaving Tina looking at sightless white orbs as she was 
forced to break off the kiss to avoid having her tongue 
bitten through as a rictus took hold of the girl beneath 
her.

It was exciting to Tina to think that she could have such 
an effect and she carefully freed her hand from where it 
had been clamped between Tyler's spasming thighs so that 
she could wrap her arms around the other girl as she 
shuddered through her recovery.

Tyler's arms eventually found their way behind Tina's 
back and she crushed her body to her, a silent "thank 
you" before she could find her voice to express it 
properly.

As she recovered they both turned their heads to watch 
the other couple.

Katie was now gripping her tits much more tightly than 
Justin would have dared.  She took the painful stimulus 
to a level she could manage, finding that pain could 
bring pleasure.

"I think she could use our help."

"I was wondering the same thing; are you up to it yet?"

"Yes thank you; and I do mean thank you Tina - that was 
wonderful."

"Wait until you have Justin looking after you properly - 
he makes me faint!"

After what she had just been through Tyler didn't know if 
she believed things could be better, or if she would 
survive if they were.

Tina helped her to sit up, watching as her luscious tits 
flopped into place.  Tyler stood and Tina, still 
kneeling, touched her tongue to one nipple and then the 
other; a barely felt finale to her earlier efforts, it 
never-the-less spurred Tyler into gently caressing the 
back of Tina's head before reaching down to help her to 
her feet.

Moving in opposite directions around the coffee table 
they met face-to-face on either side of Justin and knelt 
for a closer look as he carefully tended to Katie's 
needs.

He was holding her passions at a level that just staved 
off the orgasm she so earnestly desired and Tina could 
see the frustration in Katie's face that Tina had learned 
to love with a passion.

"You really want to come, don't you Katie?"

Katie could only nod her agreement.

Tina lifted her side of Katie's top.  "Help me Tyler."

It joined the other clothes and Tyler took Katie's hand 
away from the closer breast; replacing it with her mouth 
she teased the other girl's proud nipple.

Tina turned back from the coffee table and smiled at the 
view before copying Tyler.

Katie now had three people paying attention to her needs, 
a situation that would have been impossible for her to 
have imagined even an hour earlier.  She put a hand 
behind each of the other girls' heads and pressed their 
mouths harder to her breasts as she sought her release.

Justin was pleased the others had come to help.  He had 
been about to change tactics as his tongue was getting 
tired, though there was no way he was simply going to 
stop and leave Katie unsatisfied.  Now it would be easier 
to push her that little bit further and hopefully past 
the point of no return.

He slipped a hand up until it was under his chin and 
moved slightly forward so his mouth was positioned 
directly over Katie's now clearly detectable clit.  He 
sucked on it as his thumb found a pool of juices then he 
eased it into Katie's vagina as she was distracted by the 
girls and by his clitoral kisses.

Katie was so wet that he found no difficulty in sliding 
his thumb up as far as it would go.  She knew she was 
virginal in a moral (or should that have been immoral?) 
sense while not possessing any obstruction to his 
explorations.  As with his similar experiences with Tina, 
he felt the hard knob of her cervix and moved his thumb 
in a circle as he rubbed the rim.

Hoping he would have an opportunity to investigate 
further at some other stage, and wishing he could replace 
his thumb with another organ of similar appearance but 
substantially more mass, Justin began to fuck Katie with 
his thumb.

Now she was experiencing FOUR different sources of 
pleasure and Katie found herself reaching the summit so 
long denied her.  Reaching that apex she found herself 
lifted even higher until she was shaking uncontrollably 
on the lounge before suddenly stiffening.

Justin, his head caught too often in the past, had 
escaped her crushing thighs at the last possible moment 
though he would have to wait for a while to reclaim his 
trapped hand.

He watched as the orgasm consumed Katie and at how her 
knuckles whitened as she clenched her fists through the 
other girls' hair.  Tyler was in some discomfort and Tina 
was about to lose her wig.

"Katie.  Sweetheart.  Let go now."  Justin's voice was 
soothing.  "Let go of their hair dear.  Good."

Katie still held their heads to her chest, no longer 
seeking stimulation but instead wanting their loving 
contact.  Her fingers resumed their normal colour.

She also eased her legs apart.  Justin waited until he 
had a clear path to remove his thumb from her body.  He 
suspected correctly that she wouldn't want further 
contact for a little while and didn't want to spoil the 
pleasure he had helped give her by a careless departure.

Checking first that it was strong enough, he sat back on 
the coffee table and watched the three girls embracing as 
Katie came back to Earth.

It was a couple of minutes before Tina and Tyler stood, 
easing their own knees.  Tyler address her best friend 
first.

"Good Katie?"

"The best ever.  Thank you; and thank YOU Justin."

"It was my pleasure Katie.  You taste absolutely 
delicious."

"Better than me?"

"Sorry love.  Tonight at least she does."

Katie, having experienced his "skills" wasn't surprised 
that Tina had been there first - she had to have had some 
reason to recommend him, and to be sure he was discrete, 
and nothing beat first-hand experience.

Tyler was a little more surprised since all of HER 
cousins fell into the "Yuck!" category that would have 
her gnawing off her own leg to escape fooling around with 
any one of them (female as well as male).

Still she certainly could see Justin's attraction, now, 
and looked forward to her own chance to experience more 
of his touch.

She was not surprised however when he stood and Tina 
kissed him.  A kiss didn't seem all that big a deal until 
they parted and Tina licked his lips and then his cheeks.

"She IS delicious!"  Tina turned to Tyler.  "Oh we have 
got to try some of that when Katie has had a chance to 
recover!"

Tyler wouldn't have considered muff diving before - that 
DID seem to cross the line between girlish 
experimentation with a friend (which MIGHT be excused by 
their peers) and actual lesbianism (which at their ages 
would be frowned upon and would probably lead to their 
being ostracised.)  Now it looked more attractive.

"We'll see", she thought, with a positively eager grin.

"I think poor Justin needs a little rest though", his 
sister showed her concern.  She wanted him to regain his 
stamina before being called upon to use that valuable 
tongue again.

*********************************************************
The night's adventures are continued in Doppelganger 07

