Terri, A Day On The Boat
by LostDreamer79

Terri spends the day at work underdressed.

Terri's day on the boat has a bad start.

Terri had been out the night before and stayed out late partying with friends celebrating a girlfriends birthday.

Her boyfriend had to practically carry her into the apartment and put her to bed, so to say she over did it would be an understatement.

Lance got up and left a few hours later to go to work. Terri was awakened by a car horn that startled her awake. She was naked and had to pee really bad, her boyfriend had relieved her of the skimpy sundress at some point the night before, that she had worn out that evening, as usual there was nothing under it.

She realized she was about to be late for work and they were headed out on the research boat for the day to check some sample traps.

She jumped up, did a quick trip to the bathroom to use the potty and brush her teeth, then grabbed a bikini from her drawer. There was an old white cropped tank top on the dresser so she grabbed it too. Hurrying to the kitchen to throw together a lunch, she managed to slip into her the rather revealing bikini bottoms, wasn't a thong but close to it.

She dropped the bikini top on the counter and pulled on the well worn men's cotton ribbed cropped t-shirt while she was opening the refrigerator, the shirt was a bit stretched and old from wearing it over the years. It was one of Lance's favorites, thin, sheer, too short and it allowed her nipples to poke through quite nicely.

She stuffed two bottles of propel, a bag of carrots and some fruit in her insulated lunch bag, grabbed her keys, slipped on her water shoes and hurried out the door.

She sent her supervisor a text that she was on the way but might be a few minutes late.

Traffic was minimal for some reason so she was a bit relieved.

She pulled into the parking lot only a few minutes late and reached over for her bikini top in the seat with her lunch bag.

The little cropped top was ok for just hanging out with friends, but not for working in on the boat especially with the guys who already ogle her daily, but she had become one of the guys and they looked out for her like a little sister.

That's when she realized her top was still on the counter where she dropped it. "Damn it!" She said out loud, but she wasn't too worried, they were just supposed to be checking out equipment, pulling some traps and doing some side scan work for tomorrows dives on the reef. Wouldn't be the first time the guys got a few down shirt flashes, she also knew her pervert boyfriend would love hearing the stories later.

She grabbed her lunch, her dry bag and hurried to the research boat but it was over at the fuel dock so she made her way over to where it was tied up.

One of the guys told her to hurry up, giving her shit for being late, telling her there is a change of plans today, they are diving with the university students today.

It was only 6:45 and already in the mid nineties, it was going to be a hot day on the water. The guys were watching as she stepped over into the 45 foot pacific allure research boat.

Several of the guys immediately noticed Terri's lack of bikini top under the short cropped top. Her white under boobs, more like her not as tanned little boobs were peeking out from under the shirt top. She had to wear bikini tops at the apartment pool most of the time and at work. so she did have untanned areas. Her cute little hard nipples were poking through the thin top.

She saw one the deck hands start to say something, "just shut the fuck up, it's all I got today!"

The rest of the guys busted out laughing, the guy was red faced, "but I didn't say anything!" Was his reply.

Terri went to the bridge where her supervisor was poking away on the GPS. "Sorry I am late boss, I really didn't hear my alarm. But, I thought we were just prepping for tomorrows dive today?"

He looked her over, "yeah we are going to meet up with the university boat today to dive the Moran Reef and do some of your coral transplanting. We already grabbed all your supply's. You need to check with Frank and make sure we got everything. And we will be using the compressors and airlines today instead of tanks."

"Anything else I need to know, my head is pounding and I need to get a few Tylenol in me."

"I was going to have you, Blake, Rob and Tim on hose lines, the other three will be in SCUBA as safety divers. I don't know how many they have yet."

"Ok but just so you know, my bikini top is on the kitchen counter, don't want you having a fit when I jump in or come out a bit under dressed."

"Yeah, well," he paused, "you can sit today out, I'll get the safety guys to do double duty, don't want the guys getting rude with you in that top," he smiled at her.

"Oh I am not trying to get out of doing my job, I fucked up and no one needs to take up my slack, just wanted to give you a heads up, this top might be a little see though when I get out the water. I just grabbed it off the dresser and was planning on putting my bikini top on, but rushed out and left it."

"Well it's your call, I'm not asking you to dive like that!"

"Thanks boss, I'm going to check the supplies, set up the gear and hope my head stops pounding." She headed out the door toward the back of the boat, looking back to catch him watching her mostly bare ass, nothing new, her being the only female on the crew and she doesn't mind being watched.

After checking to make sure Frank grabbed everything and popping three Tylenol she headed to the stern of the boat.

On deck she started helping to untangle and set up the individual hose lines, full face masks, waist belts that held lead weights and was a keeper for the hose and regulators they would be using for air supply on the reef.

It was only going to be a twenty five to thirty foot dive, each dive lasting no more than forty-five minutes. They would be on the surface for little over an hour between dives, but the new factor was the college students who would be diving with them. Some she may actually know, Terri was still doing her lab clinicals to finish up her degree, and today she was the teacher.

All the guys were shirtless as usual being in the sun and on the water, everyone doing their part to prepare for the days activities, when Rob tells her, teasing of course, "you know that shirt is going to mess up your tanlines, it's ok if you want to be like us!"

She just rolled her eyes at him, knowing he was right and wearing just her bikini bottoms would feel better, instead of the already sweaty tank top. She also knew it would be unacceptable working topless. She also knew each time she bent over the guys would see her little boobs from the top or bottom anyway.

While she was sanitizing the masks, the boat captain told them to cast off the lines. Terri let the guys handle that while she finished up the masks.

There were a few of the guys she watched, they were watching her as they did their work, it helped her forget her diminishing headache. The young athletic guys, most a bit older than her, were wearing just trunks, no shirts and tanned bodies. They were easy on her eyes.

Now the thought of what she was wearing was playing with her mind a bit, thinking about how she will be doing a little, probably a lot, of showing off to her all guy crew and the college crew on the other boat.

Hearing talking behind her while she was coiling up the last of the four breathing air hoses on the deck near the dive platform. She looked back to her right, and four of the guys were behind her just watching and it was her they were talking about. The guys were taking in the view of her ass with her bottoms pulled up tight between her cheeks and puffy lips, with her top hanging down surely giving them a view up the bottom of her top at her small cute boobs.

She had learned to enjoy the attention thanks to boyfriend's obsession with showing her off to others in public places and taking in their reactions.

For the rest of the ride out she just hung out with the guys, the breeze from the moving boat making her top bounce around a bit keeping the guy's attention. She was not sure if she was flashing her nipples or not. But deep down she kinda hoped a bit that she was.

The boat captain came over the intercom, "we are coming up on the dive spot, need two of y'all to go to the bow and tie off to the anchor buoy.

Terri smiled at Blake, "come on let's take care of it."

He was happy to do anything Terri asked of him, he followed her watching her tight half exposed little butt wiggling up the side of the boat.

When she got to the bow, she looked back, "toss me the line," then she dove over the side into the warm ocean water, he thought that was going to be his job today.

He just watched her as she broke the surfaces through the bubbles she had created, looking down into the clear blue water at her and her top floating up a bit as she stayed afloat waiting on him. "You going to drop the line or what?" Knowing what he was watching.

"Oh yeah, coming to ya!" He pulled the line under the railing, dropping it into the guide and tossed several coils into the water. Terri swam to the line and grabbed the float with the clip attached, pulling it along to the anchor buoy and connection it.

She flips around and gave a thumbs up to Blake, who waved to the Captain they were secure as he anchored the rope to the bow cleat snugging up the rope as the boat drifted back a few feet.

Terri then swam to the back of the boat to climb up onto the dive platform, the guys were dropping the dive ladder and two floating safety lines behind the boat when she came around.

They all looked down at her smiling, her small cotton top still floating up above her small tits. She reached for the ladder and pulled herself up out the water to her waist.

Her wet top was at an angle across her upper chest sticking to her tanned body, a lot of her left under boob exposed just under her hard nipple. The rest of the shirt hugging her body like a second skin and totally transparent.

"Y'all going to just stare or is someone going to give me a hand up?" Not that she needed one.

Two of the guys reached out, each grabbing a hand as two consecutive waves splashed up from beneath the platform forcing water up the front of Terri, washing her top up over her boobs.

They all laughed and she had to pull her right hand from the grasp of Tim so she could cover herself up.

"Damn those are cute Terri, I still say you should be like the guys and loose that top today!" Rob invited her again.

She just smiled back, "if we weren't working I might consider going without the bottoms too, but here we are, so not today."

They all stared at her as she climbed the rest of the way onto the dive platform, readjusting her transparent top.

Walking past the guys they continue to watch her, the back of her looking bare, as if the bottoms were all she was wearing. She went to the cooler and brought out the bags of coral in sea water they were going to be glueing to the dead coral below the boat.

Blake came out with the caulking guns with the tubes of two part epoxy they were going to use. Then they chatted about who was doing what on the dives and waited for the boat with the college crew.

They downed bottles of water to hydrate and ogled Terri while her shirt dried, she was really enjoying the attention today now that her headache was gone.

When the 24 foot whaler pulled up next to them about twenty minutes later, Terri was pleased to see Belinda was among them. They had shared a number of classes over the last four years and had been out drinking and partying many times.

There were four guys and three females on the boat including Belinda.

Belinda was a beautiful light skinned biracial girl, a year younger than Terri, she has her moms Greek long black curly hair and facial features. Nice set of firm "B" cup boobs and a cute round jiggly bubble butt, she got that from dads genes. Climbing on board she was wearing long sleeve, what looked like a men's shirt, with the sleeves rolled up as a cover up.

After the whaler was tied up, Terri met Belinda half way giving her a hug.

"I am so hoping to see you today, I am going to be documenting our project, got the camera in the boat! You're not diving with us though, I was hoping to get some photos of you on the reef!" Belinda asked seeing her in the tiny white top instead of a bikini top.

Terri giggled, "well today is your lucky day, I am leading the first team, and this is me today!"

"Oh my, you can't be serious, my guys will go crazy if they see you in the water in just that! Not to mention on deck, a few already made comments when we were tying up, we could see up your top a bit!"

Belinda was a bit surprised by Terri's claim, but she also knew she wasn't shy having been out with her and her boyfriend in the past.

Once everyone was on deck, Frank, the dive master, did a safety briefing followed by Terri giving an operational briefing on what they will be doing and how she wanted the grafting done, including hand washing and gloves for those handling the coral. Most of the guys half listening watching her under boobs and little nipples poking through her now dry top.

Belinda and one of the safety divers were preping their gear and were about ready. Terri turned her head to watch when Belinda shed her shirt, several of the guys did as well. She was wearing a small narrow triangle top and matching lime green bottoms that did little to conceal her bubbly smooth round ass.

No one elected to wear wet suits or even dive skins in the 88 degree Florida water.

Each of the two teams for the first dove, one person from the company researchers and a college student made up a team, they readied their gear, along with a mesh bags with live coral and epoxy to attach living coral to dead coral heads.

One of the younger college guys, Lewis, was paired up with Terri, he was a bit shy acting, trying not to look at Terri's top as they chatted. Terri told him, "I'll pick the spot and you just push the piece of coral into the epoxy binder, just hold it a few seconds and that's it."

He just nodded his head, mesmerized but Terri's cute looks and bare skin.

The two scuba divers dropped in first, Belinda was expecting Terri to half loose her top when she jumped in and wanted to be ready. As were the others who were watching from the deck of the ship hoping to get a glimpse of her little boobs.

Sure enough as soon as Terri hit the water her top was around her neck. Terri just dropped down to the sandy bottom surrounded by thousands of tiny bubbles, disappointing those top side.

She and her college guy went to work, him pulling out coral and her applying epoxy. He was paying more attention to her floating top and bare breasts then where the coral was going.

She had to keep pushing her top down to keep it out the way so she could see what she was doing, the whole time Belinda was snapping pictures, Terri gave her the middle finger several times knowing she was just taking pictures of her little exposed boobs. The safety diver was keeping an eye on Terri as well.

Terri and Lewis were about three quarters the way done with their bag of coral when Frank, the safety diver, told them time was up.

When Lewis put the next piece of coral into the epoxy that Terri had just applied they headed to the back of the boat. Frank and Belinda both waited until all the others were on deck before exiting the water themselves.

Terri was the center of attention as she exited the water, soaking wet and her top a little more stretched out, her transparent shirt made her look all but topless.

The girl who was on the other team giggled, she was with Tim from her boat, "Terri, your top was useless down there just floating around, kinda like it is now, I agree with Tim, no need to even wear it."

Terri glared at Timmy then asked her, "you girls going topless too?"

None of the girls seemed to be interested in joining her, Terri was hoping Belinda would have stepped up though.

After swapping out gear, some quick mask cleaning, the other safety diver entered the water followed shortly by the other four research divers. Belinda had to sit this one out for her safety break.

Terri and Belinda took a seat on the bow to rest and eat their lunches having burned up a lot of calories. Terri arranging her stretched out top to maximize her exposer not wanting to get tan lines where there were none. Belinda laughed at her, "girl just take it off, we all seen what you got down there!"

"Yeah I kinda figure that, it was all in my face the whole time, but it had to look kinda hot didn't it?"

Belinda giggled, "are you kidding, you looked hot as hell, topless would have been better though. Hell nude would be awesome! I'd love to get pictures of you like that!"

Terri just laughed at her, downing the rest of her water bottle. "You know I have a friend that can make that happen, you got to leave your bikini at the dock too though, her husband is who I work for now and she is a goddess!"

Belinda cut her eyes at Terri grinning, "the bosses wife? She likes the all over tan thing?"

"She likes the no clothes thing! Remember me telling you how I got this job? She was the one who won the 'bare as you dare' contest. And then stayed naked after the contest!"

"Oh my, I like her already!"

Terri giggled, "you have no idea, she's in her thirties and looks like a college cheerleader!"

After loosing track of time they heard the second crew boarding the boat and headed to the back to get ready for their next dive.

After retrieving the last of the coral, the rested researchers readied for their second dive.

Two of the guys were helping Belinda with he BC, she asked Terri again if she wanted to just forgo her top this time, telling her it will just be in the way like last dive.

Terri laughed at her, " you go first, I'll be right behind you!" Then and gave her a middle finger, several of her guys laughing, telling her they would hold their tops for her.

Terri grabbed her moth piece, pushed it into her mouth and dropped down to the bottom before Frank and Belinda were ready.

Standing in the sand below the boat she watched and waited. Before anyone else splashed in over her, she pulled her mouth piece free and pulled the shirt up over her head, and replaced her mouth piece. She tied her top to her weight belt, quite proud of her daring stunt.

Even though her top floated up last dive, being totally topless just felt mischievous, daring and erotic all at the same time and she liked it.

With her hair in the pony tail Belinda immediately realized Terri had shed her top and headed toward her. Terri's little nipples poking out as tight as ever.

Lewis wasn't far behind and didn't realize it until he was almost next to her. She raised a finger toward her face to try and tell them to keep it between them.

This flustered Lewis even more but he went about preparing to do the placement of coral after handing Terri the epoxy gun.

Frank finally made his way from the other group to Terri and Lewis, giving Terri a thumbs up, she motioned to him to keep it quite as well.

The time flew by for them, watching Terri swimming about in just her bottoms. They finished up their allotment, then Terri replaced her top, pulling it on and off in the water stretched it out a bit more.

At the surface they boarded the boat, the second crew began breaking down gear as each diver came onboard.

As soon as Frank got on deck, he asked Terri, "hay cutie, why did you put your top back on?"

Everyone stopped what they were doing and looked at her. She just smiled and told him, "cuz you all can't handle it and we got work to do, besides it was in my way down there, right Lewis?"

"He blushed a little, "oh yeah it was definitely out of the way!"

Some of the others on her crew protesting that it's not fair because they didn't get to dive while she was topless, even though her tank top was completely sheer leaving nothing to the imagination.

She just laughed and waved them off getting to work cleaning, rinsing and stowing gear.

Once they were done the crew said their goodbyes to the college student's and both boats headed to the docks.

It was well after 4:00 when they tied up at the marina, her tiny tank top dried from the sun shine and wind while up on deck. She pulled her phone out the dry bag. Having lost two phones in four months, she never takes it out on the boat anymore.

There were a few missed calls, regular and FaceTime, and a text message from her boyfriend telling Terri he had grabbed her 4Runner and left her the Harley soft tail, and that he needed it to move a bunch of boxes, telling her he hoped she didn't mind.

She rolled her eyes having flashed people all day and now she was going to have to ride the bike home in her bikini bottoms and little stretched out cropped tank top, what could possible go wrong she thought to herself.

After securing the boat and cleaning out the coolers the crew said they're good byes, the guys still ogling Terri in her little top and cute half exposed ass cheeks as she headed toward the parking lot.

She found the bike with no problems, then checked the two side compartments, empty, so she stuffed her cooler bag and dry bag inside. He did leave the helmet she worn, a half cap, riding gloves and sports glasses, looked more like sunglasses.

She was a bit ticked, she was no wear near dressed properly to be on the Harley, especially having to take the interstate hoping she didn't have any run ins with bugs, but then she thought, "I'm going to be about naked riding home, this might actually be fun!" Knowing from past rides the wind likes to push up regular t-shirts and the stretched out cropped top could get interesting quick.

She hopped on and secured her iPhone in the holder, plugging her phone into the bikes communication system. Leaning back looking down at herself tiny top and mostly bare body and giggled to herself hoping she didn't get stopped on the way home.

She fired up the powerful motor between her thighs, having to lean forward a bit, the bike a bit big for her petite stature, she could feel the nylon material of her bottoms bunching up in her ass crack, making a lot less rear coverage.

She also knew the little shirt was hanging away from her small tits as well, giving anyone near eye level a possible up shirt or side view via the arm holes. The thought of flashing more strangers gave her a little tingle.

She giggled to herself, feeling a bit daring as she shifted the bike into first and headed towards the exit of the marina. Driving down the secondary street the wind felt good in the now mid ninety degree temperature having cooled off a few degrees. Her body still having a slight layer of perspiration popping out.

Turning onto the north/south highway towards the interstate she started to feel the back of the tiny top flapping up her bare back from the updraft caused by the movement of the big bike rumbling over the pavement. She thought to herself, "this could get interesting when I go a bit faster!"

She was getting a lot of waves and smiles from others on motors, and guys especially in vehicles as she passed them. And why wouldn't she in her bikini bottoms and bouncing short stretched out cropped tank top, she had a lot of bare tanned skin she was showing off.

Soon she was headed up the on ramp to I-95. Picking up speed the wind blowing her hair back still tied up in a pony tail bouncing off her back, already feeling the the back on the cropped tank top flopping up and down again.

As she was switching lanes to get out of the merging traffic she felt the of the shirt at the back of her neck, followed by the front of the shirt slip over her her cute almost "b" sized tits and up to her neck. She just giggled picking up speed to move through the traffic.

After a few miles she thought to herself, the only thing that would make it more exciting would be if she was totally topless, but knew the cops wouldn't appreciate that, or would they.

She was cruising along, horns beeping, lots of woohooing, when her phone rang, she looked down to see it was her boyfriend Lance FaceTiming her.

She giggled and hit the answer button with her left hand then adjusted her little boom mic, "hay baby, the people on the interstate are loving that you left me the Harley to get home on!"

"Holy crap, where are your clothes? Your practical naked!"

"I almost wish I was, at least without this top, it is annoying like this, it keep slapping my skin and it stings." He sees her tug the top down a bit briefly but as soon as she lets go it jumps back up to her neck.

"Seriously, I'd love to see that too! Do it!" He is staring at this phone watching the shirt hugging her neck, both her white untanned boobs and taunt small nipples on display.

"I can't just take my top off on the interstate, I'll get a ticket or arrested, I am pushing it now!"

There is yelling in the background from guys next to her but he can't understand them, but he loves the idea of her being exposed in public.

"Yes you can, do it, just pull your left arm free and over your head! I am recording you now! You look fucking awesome!"

She looks around, plenty of people are watching her ass and boobs already and she can feel the tingle between her thighs, the vibration of the engine not helping calm her excitement.

"Baby, just rip it off and let it go!"

"You're crazy, I can't do that!"

He hears some more yells, "nice tits girl!" From a passing motorist, sounds like a female voice.

"See they can already see them, do it for me!"

"Yeah us too!" She hears in the background.

"Who is with you in my truck?"

He laughed, "no one!"

"Yeah right, pan your phone and show me!"

He laughed again and moved the phone, three guys in the backseat and another in the passenger seat. One in the back yells out, "ok you saw us now take off the shirt and let us watch you ride topless, you know you're fuckin loving it!"

Several of them now joining in, "strip it off," "we want an unobstructed view of those pretty titties," "we have seen them already just do it!"

Terri knew a few of them, the others she had no idea who they were, but she was eating up their comments and attention. She knew she only had a few more exits to go and her apartment was only two and half miles from the interstate through the back street.

"I better not go to jail for you assholes!" Then reached back and pulled the shirt over her head. The guy behind her can't believe what he is watching, this already almost naked cutie was peeling her top off in front of him.

She uses the wind to wiggle her left arm free, the shirt now flapping from her right shoulder. She can hear the guys yelling over her helmet head set, "she's fucking doing it!"

Then she engages the clutch lever to maintain speed and drops her right arm back, the top is gone with the rushing wind.

One of the guys yells, "tell her to meet us at the new store before she goes home, I want to see those in person!" The guys knowing she would have to ride the bike across town a good twenty minutes away.

"Tell him fuck no!" She speeds up to get over knowing her exit is coming up. Her boyfriend and his buddies still watching her over her phone's camera. Her heart pounding knowing if she gets stopped there is no way she will be able to talk her way out of it.

Getting off at the exit she manages to make the right turn without being delayed by traffic.

Then Terri was able to make the turn to get off the main highway and head down the less traveled streets to her apartment building. In minutes she is pulling into the bike parking area, she drops her arm across her boobs, now feeling a bit vulnerable, "Bye," she tell the guys and disconnects. Hurrying to grab her bags and head inside using her lunch bag you cover up her boobs.

Within minutes her phone buzzes, "Come join us at Spanky's then for a drink or two, and dress sexy!" He texted her after she hung up on them.

She just laughed thinking about his request and what she might wear if she decided to join them. After her day of constant exposure she was still quite excited, having had no relief since it started that morning, she was actually desiring more for herself.

After washing the salt water from her body and resisting the urge to touch herself knowing she was limited on time.

Using her flat iron she quickly put some crimps in her hair to make it look a bit wild. Going to her closet she pulled her sheer long sleeve black button up dress off the hanger and tossed it on the bed, it is more of a beach cover up, with the little roses on it.

Then dug through her dresser for her black booty shorts she usually wore with that dress along with the black wedding buster bra. She added a little make up to her eyes and some blush to her cheeks, she really didn't need any for her tanned face.

Sitting on the edge of the bed putting on a pair of thigh high black socks with red bands, Terri was thinking about her ride on the Harley earlier. Reliving how her boyfriend got her to finish stripping off her top while his friends and lord knows how many commuters on I-95 looked on, it only renewed her excitement and dampness between her legs.

The more she thought about it the more she wanted to teach him a lesson, that she is not just a sex toy. Even though it had her extremely excited at the moment and many other times in the past, maybe it was just an excuse for her to show off on her own.

She picked up the buster, then decided to just toss it back on the dresser and go braless. She knew her hard pink nipples and little tits would be seen through the barely there dress, and she likes the idea.

She reached for the low rise lace booty panties and decided, "fuck it, he wants his friends to see me, fucking all of me, game on bitch," then picked up the sheer button-up dress and slipped it on, leaving the top two buttons undone. It stopped about mid thigh, a bit above her knee socks. Looking in the mirror she knew anyone looking at her later would have no doubt there was nothing under it, it made her giggle and damp between her thighs knowing she was about to be almost naked in public again today.

She slipped on a pair of slutty looking heels, not even bothering with a purse, she headed out the door to meet her boyfriend at Spanky's.

She giggled at herself as she prepared to mounted the Harley, again looking around for neighbors who might be watching her wearing the sheer dress and thigh socks, "I bet I am a sight in this outfit, I do feel a bit slutty!" She giggled to herself.

She hiked up the dress to swing her leg over feeling the now cool leather against her bare pussy and ass. She brought the bikes motor to life vibrating between her thighs.

Heading out the wind rushing up along her legs which helped bring the dress to her upper thighs. She was loving the feeling of the breeze rushing between her legs tickling her bare pussy under neither.

At the first red light she came too, she smiled at the guy looking down at her from a lifted Ford truck with big mud tires. Still looking up into his eyes, Terri reached down releasing the bottom button as she smiles back at him with an evil grin on her face. "He wants people to see me, I am going to make it happen!" She mumbled to herself.

It was already quite obvious she wasn't wearing panties, but when she pulled away from the red light the dress blew back, now opened up a bit more over her thighs and she was enjoying the feeling of being overly exposed, her white untanned crotch glowing.

The wind had not exposed her small boobs but she could feel the wind swirling around inside her loose fitting dress. Terri had enjoyed her exposure earlier on the way home from work and it had excited her quite a bit, just as it was doing now with the bottom of her dress pushed open giving her the same familiar feeling.

Arriving at Spanky's she saw her 4Runner already there. She retrieved her phone from the holder and headed inside, her heart pounding knowing everyone was about to be treated to her naked body beneath the see thru dress. The thigh socks just made her look even more adorable and very desirable.

Terri entered the bar with her head held high full of confidence and a stomach full of butterfly's. She noticed the volume of the conversations go a bit lower. Terri's boyfriend, his buddies and the rest of the patrons stood there with the mouths open staring at her.

"Holy fuck Terri, we can see, see all of you in that dress!" One of the guys said looking her up and down, spreading extra time examining her lack of panties.

Her boyfriend still hasn't found his words yet looking at her tits and lack of even a tiny g-string, her smooth pussy and slit, a bit concealed only by shadows and the way she is standing in front of them.

"So is this 'In Person' enough for who ever said that on the phone?" She said with a hand on her hip, and her knee bent.

"Well on the phone you weren't wearing a top, but that's a damn good start!" He was staring at her adorable little tits the whole time as the top slid around over her nipples as she moved.

Smirking she looked at her boyfriend, "well Lance doesn't mind y'all or anyone else seeing me so," she waved to the bartender who was ogling her as well, "I think I need a double Patron please!"

The guys all looked at each other not sure what she meant by her unfinished comment.

When she turned for her shot, they could all see the outline of her tan on her white ass from the bikini bottoms she had been wearing to work the last few months. Her top wasn't as white, having moved her top around and off at the beach when she could get away with it.

"Damn that's a killed ass she's got too Lance!" One of his buddies said out loud.

She downed the double tequila shot and asked for another. One of the guys asked her, "what did the 'so' mean in you last comment?"

She just smiled at him and shrugged her shoulders, giving him a wink. As a few other people they knew joined them after seeing Terri walk in and wanted a closer look.

Lance finally apologized for leaving her to ride the Harley home not knowing that was all the clothes she had, but also added how hot she looked almost naked on the interstate.

"Almost, Lance all she was wearing just was her bikini bottoms! And judging by those tan lines there wasn't a lot covered up back there!" One of the guys said. Looking at her ass standing behind her.

Terri just giggled, "so you noticed my ass too?" Taking her second double tequila shot from the bartender, "let's do one more."

They all laughed, "we noticed everything sweetie!"

"Well I hope I didn't disappoint!" Then downed the third double Patron shot.

Billy was quick to tell her, "I don't see anything disappointing, except your not completely naked! Right Lance?"

He just smiled, "she knows we aren't ever satisfied."

She could already feel the tequila warming her body, causing her nipples to become rock hard against the practical invisible material. The attention from the small group of friends and other ogling her, was adding to the dampness between her legs.

One of the guys laughs, "yeah, I agree with Billy, the only thing disappointing right now is there is a dress on you! You're wearing more than you were on the bike you were riding on the Interstate!"

She grinned at him giving him a wink and shrugging her shoulders again, then giggled.

Another guy not with Lance earlier asks, "what the hell was she wearing on the interstate?"

"Dude, nothing but her little red bikini bottoms riding Lance's Harley!" One of Lances friends tells him.

"No shit! Wish I coulda seen that shit, she's hot as fuck!"

Terri grins at them, "wouldn't be the first time I was naked in this bar. Was kinda fun last time!"

This time the guy realized maybe she was giving him, someone maybe, anyone permission to expose her more.

The bartender called out to her, "ready for this one Terri?"

When she had to lean against the guy who made the comment about the bike to get her drink, the circle around her had become a bit fuller because of other guys wanting to see her in the dress. She felt the guys hand move across her chest briefly flicking her hard nipple, then the feeling of the dress open up more, she knew one of the five remaining buttons had just been released. She smiled taking the shot from the bar, looking back over her shoulder at him smiling.

No one noticed as her boobs could already be seen through the material. But the guy knew, seeing the opening a bit lower to just below where her bra would have been had she been wearing one. Lance was too busy watching others watching Terri.

Terri winked at the guy who released the button and tweaked her nipple, giving him an approval for what he had just done.

Lance was quite excited and proud of his hot sexy girlfriend who was finally taking his suggestions, on her own to be more revealing in her outfits. Showing more skin was what it came down too, he wanted exposed tits and ass in public and he was now getting it, and more.

Several of the guys chatting her up telling her how sexy she looked, how daring her dress was, all giving approval, of course some suggestion more. Ignoring the fact her boyfriend was right there.

Same guy as before who was standing behind her, reached around and handed her another shot glass. As soon as she took it, with the others watching this time, his hand reach for her dress releasing another button.

They all just stared and smiled seeing her dress now open to almost her belly button. A few giving a quiet "damn it." Lance missed it showing a few guys the video of her on the Harley earlier.

She downed the shot, then turned around and give the guy a hug, "I know what your doing, I like it and I don't give a fuck!" She could feel his hand again before she removed her arms from his neck. "Are you trying to get me naked?" She giggled to him.

When she turned back around a few guys made comments seeing the dress open showing her bare tummy and belly button. Only two buttons left somewhat hiding her almost bare pussy beneath the sheer dress. The curves of her little boobs showing almost to her nipples from the center.

Now when she started leaning or turning they could see inside the dress, even though they could already see them through the dress, they just seemed more exotic uncovered in the bar.

Lance finally noticed, "oh damn baby, you stripping for us?"

"Not me, I'm innocent!" She giggled the tequila having her head buzzing.

He reached over sliding the right side off her shoulder. She didn't do anything to stop him or the sleeve from dropping off her shoulder. A cheer went out as the dress fell away revealing her right tit, tummy and side to below her belly button as the right side of the dress dropped lower, the sleeve bunching up down her arm.

No one outside the group could really see what was happening as they crowded around Terri to get better looks and snap pictures of the slutty drunk exhibitionist.

This time Lance saw his friend reach around and release another button on his girlfriend's dress. Then his hand remained and dropped to the last one as well. This allowed the dress to fall apart down the center completely exposing her smooth bare pussy.

Another cheer a bit louder this time, someone pushed the other side of the dress off her left shoulder.

A few other hands reached for her boobs and pinched her nipples. She giggled not doing a thing to stop them, resting her hands on the forearms of some of the guys groping her.

Lance just watched not sure what to do as a guy he didn't know reached around from behind her cupping both her little boobs in his hands then rolled her nipples between his thumb and fingers.

Terri just closed her eyes letting the guy grope her, the dress hanging at her elbows.

When another guy reaches around slide a finger between the folds of her pussy and she again did nothing to stop him either. One of Lances buddies told him it was time to call it a night before she was stripped and fucked in front of him.

Lance just watched what was happening to Terri as she moved her right foot to the rail on the bar stool next to her. Lance and the others could see the two fingers sliding in and out of her glistening pussy. She grabbed the forearm of the hand between her legs as he was fingering fucking her.

Realizing things were quickly getting out of hand, Lance pulled Terri away by her arm, taking her hand leading her towards the exit. The four other guys that came with him followed close behind.

On the way out, the guy behind her pulled her dress back to her shoulders, to somewhat cover her naked body.

Once outside Terri giggled and slurred, "no way I can ride your fucking bike Lance, I'm way too fucked up, you drive it, Billy can drive my truck and I'll just ride with him."

One of the guys suggesting she just strip off the dress and ride naked. But Billy told them that's a good way for them both to go to jail.

Lance thought nothing of it handing Billy the keys, "Ok, meet you at our apartment!" As Lance turned to walk away towards the Harley.

"Lance here take this with you!" As he turned back around she tossed her dress at him. Leaving her in her thigh socks and heels. The guys laughing and doing some "damns" and "whoo's."

He stood there watching his sexy teen looking girlfriends bare ass wiggling toward her truck with four guys helping her, and she was looking extremely slutty in only her thigh socks and heals.

She turned around as she got to her truck blowing him a kiss then groped her own bare left boob with her right hand. "I love your idea of me being naked around your buddies!"

Then she gave a wave to a few other people headed inside the bar before getting into her truck.

The guys all but lifted the drunk hottie into the truck having already opened the back door for her to get in. Terri ended up sitting in the middle on the back bench seat.

As soon as the doors closed she told them, "I am horny as fuck and need some dick!" She reached to her left working Ben's zipper down, his cock already hard just from watching her nude body and her sitting next to him. Terri turned getting on her knees and started sucking Ben's cock before they got out the parking lot.

"Holy shit, I have dreamed of this shit since the contest when she got naked, hoooo shit that feels good!" As he watched her engulfing his dick between her soft lips.

Billy turned on the interior light so everyone could see Terri, not realizing the interior light cancels out the tinted windows.

The guy on the other side seeing her spread wet pussy, a knee on the seat, her other foot on the floor, waisted no time pushing a finger inside her causing her to arch her back and moan. Jay started finger fucking her making her instinctively push back against his hand as he added a second finger making juicy pussy noises. His other hand going to her small right tit groping it and pinching her nipple, the guy she was blowing having her left tit in his hand. "Shit she has a sweet ass," the guy behind her says.

She was obviously enjoying the two guys manhandling her when Britt in the front passenger seat turned around in the seat took her right boob in his hand when Jay grabbed her hip. Britt was also grabbing her ass cheeks searching for another opening, joining in on the fun with Lance's nude horny girl friend.

She managed to let out several moans and gasps, "Oh fuck you guys, this feels so fucking good, don't stop!"

Billy watching in the mirror, "well fuck me, why did I have to drive?"

Terri giggled and paused, "I'll come up there and suck your dick too, just chill!" Then went back to the cock she in her hand she was sucking.

"Dude this girl is unfucking real, damn she is good! Lance is one lucky bastard to have a babe like this! We got to do this more often!"

Terri just moaned and shook her head yes, the cock buried deep down her throat.

The guys all laughed praying she might be serious.

Ben started pushing her head down thrusting his cock deeper into her mouth, then holding her there as he blew his load down the back of her throat.

When she came up for air she told the guy on the other side, "I need more than your fingers!"

Reaching to open his jeans. Jay quickly helped releasing an impressive piece of meat.

"Oh yummy," Terri cooed, then straddled his legs, holding onto the front seat headrest and lowered herself down guiding him with her hand until he was inside her, his cock growing larger.

"Shit I have always wanted your ass, you are so fucking adorable!" Grabbing her hips and bouncing her up and down going deeper with each thrust inside her. The other two kept playing with her little tits.

They were trying to hang onto her boobs as she bounced up and down, riding the big cock inside her hanging onto the back of the front seat to steady herself.

"Oh God fuck me harder, I want more inside me, faster, I want all that big cock inside me, make me cum, ohhhh shitttt that feels so fucking good!" She screamed, her head occasionally bouncing off the roof of the truck, Jay hanging onto her pony tail for leverage.

Jay flipped her back over, face down in Ben's lap again, on the seat pulling her ass up and pushed back into her, his shorts to his ankles, having pulled his left leg free. She became very vocal, screaming how good it felt and how big he was inside her.

He finally dipped his thumb into her juices and then surprised her pushing his thumb into her ass making her scream, then yelling "no, no, no! Oh fuck, I'm..." He surprised her with the new intrusion.

She then collapsing into the seat as her pussy spasmed around his cock, her legs trembling. As soon as she relaxed a bit he went back to fucking her pussy, pulling her knees back up on the seat, his thumb moving slowly in and out her ass hole. Her moaning and begging continued, "Lance has never fucked me like this, please don't stop!"

Billy told them they were almost back to the apartment and Jay needed to finish before they got there so Lance wouldn't know.

Terri lifted her head, "beach, drive to the beach, oh fuck I'm cumming again!" She squealed.

Billy knew just where to go so they all could play with her at the same time. He drove a little faster than he should have wanting to get his hands on her.

They soon arrived and parked behind a few trees, almost next to another SUV that had parked in the shade of the tree at the county park. Britt in the passenger seat hoped out and opened the back door to watch and video Terri taking the cock buried deep inside her.

The guy fucking Terri from behind finally grabbed her pony tail again pulling her head back, pounding into her faster and grunting. Terri could feel him swelling within the walls of her stretched pussy. He pulled her hair hard to push himself as deep as he could before releasing his seed deep inside her.

When the guy started going soft inside of her, Terri hopped out the open door on the drivers side going to Billy, dropping to her knees in the parking lot, one of her thigh socks bunched up below her knee, the two of them made quick work of his shorts and boxers. He had been waiting to play with her and was already to go.

All four of the guys, including Billy who was pulling his shirt over his head looking down at her, watched her giving him a blow job that he would never forget.

The parking lot lights illuminated her naked petite little body as she worked his cock in and out her mouth occasionally taking his scrotum into her mouth while she jerked him off, two of the guys catching her porn performance on their phones, her own fingers rapidly rubbing her clit.

He finally stepped out of his shorts and boxers and pulled her up by her pony tail and pushed her against the back seat of the open door of her 4Runner. She bent over on her own wanting more dick inside her as Billy lifted her right leg for better access.

She loved the feeling of being groped and fucked in public where others could watch. This was heaven to her as the guys took turns with her little tits while she was being fucked. She occasionally looking around for the owners of the other cars parked near by, wanting more of an audience to put on her show.

Billy had her right leg up even higher to get full access to her already creamy pussy, making wet slapping noise as her juices and cum leaked down her legs.

She heard giggling and looked over to see what looked like two soccer moms staggering a bit pulling a beach wagon to a car parked a few spots over from her 4Runner. They had stopped after the sun went down and had quite a few drinks at one of the beach front pubs.

They kept watching as they got closer and then loaded up their beach gear. The one who appeared to be the driver asked the other, "are you ready to go or are you getting off on watching that girl getting fucked by the naked guy?"

"Are you kidding, this is wild as shit, looks like something I would have done back when I was her age, I want to watch, I mean look at these guys, they are hot and naked too!"

The driver asked Terri, "sweetie, you good, I mean you sound like you are having fun over there!"

Terri just smiled and rapidly shook her head yes, gasping for air.

One of the guys looking over at her, smiles and asks her if she wanted to join in.

She laughed, "I am a bit old for those games now but watching is making me a bit excited!"

"Lady, you're never too old and you still got it going on, I would do you or your friend in a heart beat, come on over and you can play with this!" Britt told her.

He grabbed himself, his shorts showing a bit of a tent pole, he had been waiting for his turn with Terri.

The older lady was a MILF for sure, looked to be in her late thirties maybe early forties, short red hair, very pretty face, firm tanned arms and legs cover in sexy freckles, she stood close to six foot, tall and slender with a nice round Irish redhead ass.

She was wearing a regular modest black bikini, the bottoms weren't quite a thong, more of a Rio cut that showed off a lot of her bubbly ass cheeks, with two triangles to the top that covered her heavy "C" boobs. She was wearing a hallow weaved thigh length black cover up that hung open down the front.

The guys not playing with Terri could tell the lady was contemplating it. She kept looking back at her friend, biting her lower lip, smiling with an evil drunken grin.

She dropped her purse in the front seat, her hands empty now, she took a few steps forward, "let's see what you guys got sweetheart!" Looking Britt and Jay over, the guys also wanting to get a closer look at her.

Ben, who Terri had earlier given a blow job too had also moved toward her all ready, "you want to leave that cover in the car too, I'd love to have a better look at what's under that net cover up."

She again looked back at her girlfriend who was laughing, "don't be shy Betty, you were drooling over the young guys playing volley ball, now you got a few of your own to play with!"

"This is fucking crazy, I can't do something like this, I've never, well not in a long time anyway! And besides we are in a public parking lot!"

Britt walks to her, "as you can see Terri doesn't care we are in a parking lot, let me help you out!" Reaching out slowly pushing the cover up off her shoulder.

She dropped her cross arms to let him. "No really this is insane, y'all are a bit too young and..." but nothing followed as she let him repeat with the other side.

Betty giggled as she looked back at her girlfriend, "please tell me to stop, this is craziness!" Then she let her cover drop to her hands, her nipples already poking hard against her bikini top. She looked back again at her girlfriend, "you need to come over here too if we are going to play with them, you can't just watch!"

The driver laughed, her phone resting on top of her car pointed at her slightly inebriated girl friend, "girl I'm married, but like you said, it is exciting watching them and you, you can be as slutty as you want, I just want to watch you handle those young cocks, you deserve it!"

Betty looked over at her girlfriend with her phone pointed at her, they both giggled. "Go ahead, I'll never tell," the driver told her.

Jay took her right hand leaving the other to hold the cover up, while the other two guys watched and waited as she was being relieved of her garments, he placed her hand against his hard dick in his shorts, "want to see it?"

Her eyes got big as she palmed his hardon relieving it was a bit bigger than average, she begins sliding her hand up and down it's length, she smiled and shook her head yes.

Ben, close enough to touch her watches, and is waiting for the right time while he was checking out her soccer mom body that has been well taken care of over the years. Slight tummy bulge, little bit of a sag to her ample full boobs that over flowed the bikini top a bit, they looked soft and bouncy. And still a nice plump round ass, that seemed to be her best asset and she knew it.

Jay who fucked Terri in the back seat moved over closer to see what was unfolding, and get a better look at the older lady who was beginning to loose what little she was wearing.

She dropped the cover-up on the pavement and was fumbling with the guys zipper and belt as he pulled his shirt over his head revealing a toned tanned chest.

Betty looked back again, "not a word to anyone you bitch!" She pulled his cock free wrapping her hand around its girth as his shorts dropped, he wasn't wearing underwear, he stepped out of his shorts so he would not trip over them, standing in front of her naked.

"Oh my!" Came a comment from Betty's friend, as she watched her friend stroking the cock in her hand and her other hand rubbing his bare chest. She decided maybe it wouldn't hurt to get closer and not have the car in the way so she could watch and video unobstructed.

He looked Betty in the eyes, "I want to see your tits, do you mind, can I?"

She didn't say a word, just slowly nodded her head yes as she continued to stroke the growing cock between her fingers.

"Britt, you want to fuck Terri now, I'm done here?" Billy asked, turning to watch what was happening behind him, his cock glistening with Terri's juices and on his still semi hard.

Kelly's friend smiles, "now that looks nice young man!" Staring at his nude body comparing him to Britt's body.

Britt laughed, "you damn right I do!" Leaving Betty to Ben and Jay who was being jerked off.

Ben reached behind Betty's back, untying her top, then behind her neck pulling her top away revealing two very white big pretty breasts and hard small dark pink nipples that hadn't seen any sunshine in a long time, unlike the rest of her contrasting tanned body.

Ben dropped the top and reached out taking her boob in his hand feeling how soft they were then flicking his finger across her stiff pink nipple.

His other hand groping her full ass cheek, causing her to slightly moan, "I'm guessing these ass cheeks are as white as your pretty boobs aren't they?" She just giggled, her other hand covering the hand massaging her tit. She looked over at her girlfriend videoing her and mouthed, "oh my God!"

He took that as permission to lower her bottoms after slipping his hand inside from the top groping her ass.

She felt her bottoms being pushed down over her ass, she looks over at her friend Tracey, "I..., guys please, I shouldn't be, you should come feel this guys dick Tracey it's so big and hard, I have never."

Ben asked her, "You want me to stop?" Her bottoms now below her cheeks as her ass is being massaged.

She slowly shook her head no as he ran his finger through her butt crack, she shivered feeling the much young guy touching her like she hadn't been touched in a very long time.

Ben reaches out pushing her bikini bottoms the rest of the way off her hips. She wastes no time stepping from them. "Oh nice, a real ginger!" Seeing her sparse neatly trimmed pussy. He then reached down cupping her pussy in his hands and slipping a finger into her slit.

"Oh you must really be enjoying yourself!"

Terri, listening to them with the stranger, she was still face down laying across the back seat taking her third cock in her pussy, a first for her, she had never experienced a gang bang and she was really enjoying being used as a fuck toy.

Not ever having multiple guys, but also now a bigger audience was totally new for her and she was throughly enjoying the experience. She could feel the combination of the guys and her own warm juices running down the inside of her thighs, it felt warm and gross, but exciting.

As Jay was bending Betty forward with his hand in the middle of her back, he had his cock in hand searching for her wet opening. She reached between her legs guiding him to her waiting wet entrance, she made an "auggggg" sound as she felt him sliding inside her.

Ben holding his cock up for her to take it between her lips, she was bending further with her mouth open to take him in her mouth, reaching for his cock and his waist.

Tracey starts laughing, "hay y'all, there is a car coming into the parking lot."

Betty panics and grabs her bikini top from the pavement and jumps into the SUV. Both of them laughing as Tracey starts their truck, Betty telling her "wait, wait!" Then tosses out a few business cards that flutter to the ground, "call me!" And they pull away as the two older women bust out laughing hysterically.

The guys also load up not wanting to get in any trouble, Terri scurrying across the seat with Britt right behind her sliding under her, pulling her back onto his hard wet cock.

Ben was passing out clothes that were left on the ground, including Betty's bottoms and her cover-up. Brett smiling still naked as he continues to help Terri pound herself with his cock.

Passing the vehicle it appears to be no one important but Billy knows they need to get Terri home.

It is only a few more minutes and Terri is screaming in pleasure as Britt unloaded inside her. Terri is squirming trying to push down harder to get him deeper inside her.

As he withered from being spent inside of Terri, she starts laughing, "damn you guys I have never been fucked like that before, I'm a fucking mess you guys have made me a gross cum slut!"

Ben tells her, "but I didn't get to fuck you!"

She smiles, "can you make it a quickie you got like three minutes?"

They all laugh together at her comment. "Lance is going to know y'all fuck me, there is too much oozing out of me for him not too."

Ben hands her Britt's t-shirt, "here use this!"

She does her best to wipe herself clean but it is still leaking from her stretched out used pussy.

"I'll figure it out," she giggles, "he started this, he wanted to show me off to you guys, it's his fault, and the tequila's. It makes me horny as hell!"

They all laugh again, "I hope he does it again and we will remember the tequila! You got some good pussy young lady!" Billy tells her, "and you owe me a blow job!"

"Yeah and you do suck a good dick too!" Ben says.

"Well next time he gets me that fucked up around y'all, I don't give a fuck who does what to me, this was fun as hell! And this being without clothes is fucking incredible, I love it!"

She balls up the shirt stuffing it between her legs to sop up the cum leaking from herself, she is now the only one naked riding in her truck, giggling about what just happened.

Arriving more than two hours later, Lance comes out to meet them. As soon as Billy gets out Terri's truck he asks Lance, "did you get caught up in that wreck on 95, man I thought we were going to have to spent the night their with your girlfriend!"

"No I must have just missed it!" Lance said looking puzzled, Lance no longer wearing is shirt.

Terri stumbles out after one of the guys, her hair a mess, the pony tail now all pulled apart. Her lip stick is smeared a bit on her lips, it almost looks like white goo in her hair.

"I'm jumping in the pool," she tells the guys as she walks past them all, headed towards the complex recreation area.

Lance calls to her, "Terri your not wearing anything and there are people out there!"

While she is walking, ignoring Lance, she is kicking off her heels and peeling her thigh socks off. There are several small groups of people sitting at tables around the pool, they all turn hearing Lance and just watch as Terri walks through the gate, "Damn it was just too hot today!" And dives into the pool.

Some of the people a bit shocked to see her walking naked to the pool, most smiling and enjoying her tight young looking body.

After diving in she does her best to wash away the signs and smells of sex from the four guys she enjoyed the last couple hours.

Lance takes his time catching up to her at the pool, he loves seeing her as naked as possible in public and she max'ed it out tonight.

"Come on baby, let's get you inside before someone says something!"

Several of the guys telling him, "we ain't saying shit, let her swim as long as she wants, here have a Coors!"

Another guy tells Lance, "yeah we don't drink that Budweiser shit, we like our chicks without dicks. And she ain't got no dick for sure!

Everyone laughs at his comment.

She walks across the shallow end to where the guy was offering beers, "can I have one too?"

The girl with him smiles, "sure sweetie, come get it!"

Terri isn't intimidated one bit and walks up the steps and over to the table. Water dripping from her naked curves and hard nipples as she sips the Coors beer, knowing everyone is ogling her slim bare body.

Lance, Terri and his buddies hang out with their neighbors for a bit longer, having a second beer apiece, the guys trying to get them to stay longer. But Lance was ready to get Terri inside where he can fuck her.

They finally said their good nights, Britt had left his vehicle there so they were off as well.

Lance retrieved Terri's socks and heels along the way, even he couldn't help but watch her amazing bare ass as she left him behind headed to their apartment.

Terri quickly learned that her plan to teach him a lesson for exposing her so much only embodied him to do it more and unaware to him, he has released the sex toy she had been suppressing.

He hopes and is already fantasizing her now having less reluctance around his friends and strangers to show off her young sexy body, but she is ready to share it in a way he is unaware of!
