The Only One
by PNGStories

1. A Bit Too Much

By the year 2035, the State of California was a liberal stronghold and a political testing ground for the “far Left” in decades past. California and it’s partner states were considered to be the leaders in recognizing a more liberal, tolerant, and open human rights agenda. These states had seen recent radical changes such as almost full decriminalization of drugs, sexual freedom, and they had successfully overturned the Roe v. Wade verdict a few years back. Last year, another new bill was approved and implemented that gave citizens the right to dress as they chose, or even not wear clothes anywhere in public, legally. This was passed first in the state of California, after a group of protesters gained popular interest in the public nudity law- a principal people argued over; “a basic freedom.” As some of them called it.

The Court finally gave in and granted the activist the new bill- just to silence them from the irritating daily (and naked) protest shows they put on. It was horrifically embarrassing being a target of these protest, or at least it was for the Governor of California. They allowed the law to pass, but with conditions. The main condition being, if someone actually decided to live undressed- they would have to legally follow that status. Under certain circumstances and after an approval process, you could register with the state as “Permanently Naked.” The catch was, once you decided to do this; you couldn’t not be naked- you had to be naked literally seven days a week, twenty-four hours a day.

The time period was intentionally given a minimum of 20 years; it was to deter anyone from just stripping naked when they felt like it for some sort of sexual experience. Their were concerns that this would spiral out of control as people exposed themselves for their own thrills. It was obviously unreasonable, and they knew it. Not a single resident actually agreed to the set up- not even the naked protesters who made this a reality.


2. The Secret

Well… Mollie, had a plan. She had very open parents; but they would certainly not support her doing something drastic like taking her clothes off. She had a plan to take advantage of their summer trip back home from the lake house the day before school. The plan was to loose her clothing, all of it. She was going to start a serious of small events that would ultimately find her sneaking her way to the DMV to sign up as a Nudist… without her parents approval.

They had an eight hour drive ahead of them and it was already late in the day. They had spent a few weeks camping at their family’s cabin which was shared, but they had to get back home since school started tomorrow for Mollie. Mollie purposely made sure that her clothes were packed and loaded in a specific part in the truck. She would actually be able to discretetly and secretly throw away her clothes at the next rest stop… there would easily be an opportunity to toss the bag while her parents walked away. This was the first step of her plan- toss her clothing; it would help later. She would then deny everything and swear up and down that she packed her clothing to her parents as she faced no consequence for loosing the bag.

That would also leave only her clothing on her back as her only articles of dress for tomorrow. Of course, when they arrived- she began to look for her bag. She even acted irritated and asked her parents to help her find it. . Mollie denied and shot down the inevitable scolding from her parents. They were not happy of course, and she kept to her story of “it was an accident” as they lectured her- but they were too tired to take in the situation. After a while, and after a long drive- they weren’t thinking about Mollie’s clothing situation… only getting some sleep. Mollie had a big day tomorrow…

She had made a clever “self destruct” for her outfit. Mollie used fishing line, paper clips, tape, and some staples and went to work like a sewing expert. After throwing away that bag last night, all She had left was a dress, a hoodie, and a pair of dirty flip flops and her panties underneath. Anyone else going to their first day of senior year at 19 years old would have certainly dressed for the occasion, but not Mollie. For Mollie, she actually had ruined her dress, and her hoodie. It was ripped and holding together just barely by a few strings and staples. Just enough for her to walk down the street carefully and it barely hold together. Attached to a long, long spool of fishing line was a hook and this connected her secretly dilapidated outfit all to a pull cord. Her plan was to simply hook the fishing line on a bus as it slowly passed. Then she would act as if her dress had snagged something and ripped away from the wind. Her hoodie was already ripped so she would drop it- her flip flops, panties, and dress, would literally sail away down the street as she stood naked for a witness of people. They wouldn’t see the fishing line, but instead think a horribly embarrassing accident has happened. Mollie will run into the school, the staff will call her parents- who will not be able to bring her anything else to wear. Literally. The school would likely dismiss her, she would ask officer Grady for a ride to downtown… and then she would register. She would have to be naked, right?! This the story she is going to tell our parents, at least…


3. The Last Thread

The next morning, Mollie wakes up extra early to get out before her parents have a chance to fully wake up and notice her outfit looks “off” and she was also nervous. She tells her mother she’s going to ride her longboard to school as she sets off down the driveway, ever so carefully. She rides slowly down the sidewalk a few blocks, no one notices her in the sidelines of the street as the early morning traffic blows by. She sits down at a bus stop for a few minutes, checking her phone for the time. What was left of her dress was now completetly ripped up and barely holding on. She would need to walk slowly to make sure these near rags stay on her until the time is right. She couldn’t turn back now.

“Where is it?” Mollie starts to wonder with anxious nerves until finally, she see’s the bus slowly driving down the road. It’s her moment… She stands as if she’s about to board the slowing bus. As it stops, and lowers, the door swings open. Mollie suddenly pretends to look for change she doens’t have.

“Ahh… sir, how much is the fare?”

“It’s 4.50. You don’t have it, you ain’t riding. Let’s go, lady” says the driver with an irritated tone.

“Ugh! I’m s-sorry sir. I must have forgot it!”

The bus driver slams the door in frustration rolling his eyes. Mollie suddenly reaches in her pocket. She brings out her lanyard of fishing line and hooks it to the rail on the bus before starting to walk away. She’s nervous for a second… suddenly she see’s how massive the bus is and thinks about how bad it would be if she got caught on something as it pulls away… Suddenly this plan seems to have a huge flaw as she realizes she looks back at the bus pulling away… “SHIT! THIS IS BAD!” she thinks. She can only clothes her eyes.

Suddenly- she feels a small pull and then immediately feels the cool wind on her body followed by a swooshing sound… like a cloth on a dinner table the hook and line had worked perfectly. The line actually pulls her dress down around her ankles taking her panties and even her flip flops with it…. She watched as half of her jacket, along with her dress, and panties seemed to be caught on the bus as they suddenly ripped all over the road… even her flip flops got caught in her dress. A woman sitting on the bench across the street watches as she gasp, another person pumping gas runs over.

“Oh my god! Her dress is caught! Are you okay?!” a man runs over. A few others who watched Mollies misfortune were running over.

“I’m o-okay… heh…”

“Oh my goodness, sweetheart your clothes!” yells someone as a few others start to laugh. A camera flash goes off followed by a few more.

“They got stuck on the bus! Oh no… I-I was on the way to school…” Mollie says as she pretends to be upset. She has to really fight to hold back her smile however, she can’t believe she was really doing this.

“Here, put this on…” says another man passing a blanket of somekind trying to drape the naked girl.

“It’s f-fine I just want to go!” she says as she runs down the street to her school…


4. Registration 

Her feet were black by the time she was at the city building. The naked girl rides her longboard down the sidewalk and up to the downtown courthouse and DMV. She puts her skateboard away and starts to run naked down the hall. The Tax Collector is a massive, massive, building that shares an even bigger building with the courthouse. The parking garage alone was 4 stories or more higher, and packed. She notices the many different types of people walking every which direction, all dressed formally or presentable. She definitely looked out of place walking by them in her nude.

She puts her skateboard by a bike rail and starts up the main door. People have noticed her by now, some are laughing in confusion as others ignore her in an irritated fashion as they shuffle past. The front desk staff stare coldly as she walks in the building. She’s not only barefoot and naked, but she didn’t even have anything in her hands. Most people did not carry and ID anymore as it was all digital. She didn’t have a phone, which was rather odd for a teenager. As she asked the woman at the front desk where she needed to go to register, the only stared. “I’m sorry- you’re looking for what? Asked the woman as she struggled to make out what the nervous girl was saying.

“S-sorry… I was going to register…” Mollie said unconfidently. “Register? Okay… register a vehicle, register to vote, register what?!” The woman replied impatiently and slightly irritated to be interrupted from what she was doing. Security is beginning to approach the desk now, preparing to remove the naked girl.

“OH… to register… for permanent n-nude-nudity?” Mollie says again awkwardly. “Uh…” the woman says seemingly confused and thrown off by the answer. She ask the naked Mollie to wait as she walks back to a desk phone on a podium central to the other desks. The woman makes a call, glancing back a few times at Mollie. All she overhears is “Yes, she want’s to register- the naked thing. Do we even have the right judge here for it?”

After another minute or so, the woman hangs up and forces a smile that is more of a scowl; as she walks back to the cubicle. “Second floor. Look for the hall with the paintings and art and look for the sign that says “County Registration Department…” she says pointing away with a glare.

“T-thanks…” Mollie says as she starts to walk away. The security guards walk away as she waits, clearly unimpressed by the false alarm.

“Follow me…” says the other front desk woman with an uncomfortable laugh.

She feels the woman staring at her as she rides the glass elevator, along with the rest of the lobby there. She leads Mollie to another room, there are even more people waiting in this area. They are now all starting and scoffing at Mollie, her out of context nakedness is getting quite a reaction from some. She sits on a bench in the room after taking a place in line from a ticket machine after entering her information. She twiddles her thumbs as she waits… she can’t help but notice all the people staring at her. She was too awkward to strike a conversation… instead she decided to look busy. She sits back on her bench as she spreads her legs and starts to twist and mess with her pubic hair. The people only gasped and a few picture flashes went off across the room. She spent the next few minutes trying to make braids with her wild pubes as the crowd watched and mocked her.

She continued to act as if she was more concerned about trying to style her bush  to notice them. Finally, she hears a very clear and well-spoken voice behind her. “Are you the one who’s here for the registration?” He asked. She turns around startled to see a very well put-together looking adult male, standing with a humble smile. He was dressed in a suit and tie, and holding a laptop bag of some-kind. “Perfect.” He says indifferently. “I’ve just got to gather some basic info, if you don’t mind filling these out…”

After another wait, she hears a woman call “Mollie Scott?” She scans the room for a moment before locking eyes with the naked girl. She smiles uncomfortably and greets her, telling her to follow.

Before the agreement would be offered and approved, it required a screening by a judge. It was ultimately up to the judge if they decided to deny the registration for any reason. Any registration for Permanent Nudity took a judge to sign off on. At least this was what she gathered from the receptionist woman in charge of paperwork. Another grueling wait passes before finally, the woman re-enters the room with an uncomfortable facial expression. “Ok. This way” the woman says with a slightly baffled look. She walks back out the doors after Mollie as they enter the fairly large courtroom. There are only a few people in the room, and a judge sits at the front completely lost in whatever paperwork he was doing at the stand. This judge was already behind with his work… he was not amused having to stop more important things for Mollie. He shook his head as he watched her walk in and stand there- in a courtroom, naked and barefoot.

He looks up and says “Are you going to just wait there all day?”  Mollie is shaking with anxiety. “OH… s-sorry” she says stumbling as she approaches the front of the room. The court assistant laughs at the naked girl and her awkwardness. “Okay… so, you’re the one who wants to do the legal nudity agreement? Seriously you walked down here like that?” he says without a thought.

“Oh… erm… Yes sir. Actually, it’s a long story. I lost my bag yesterday, it had all my cloth-” she says before the judge cuts her off. “Just… please… save it.”  He sighs and puts down his pin and looks at her now giving her his full attention. He lowers his glasses as he studies her and puts them back on. He then has a straight lipped expression as he reaches for a stack of papers, shaking his head as he begins to read through them.

“I suppose the fact you walked into my courthouse like that is proof enough….” the judge says after he mumbles a swear.

“Okay… well Ms. Mollie, I have what I need here.

The judge shakes his head. “Well, you better have thought this through long and well… You have to stick with it. You can’t wear anything even if you wanted to. Let’s get that straight…” he says with a firm look at Mollie. She shudders a bit at first, but manages to say “Yes, sir. I understand.”

“Yeah. Well, You can’t change your mind now anyway can you?” The judge says now starting to put away the papers. “Y-yes, sir. I am sure” She says after clearing her throat again.

“You’re going to walk around naked the rest of your life? You thought about this I hope” he says as he stares in disbelief. “You know what- fine. Ok then. How about… life?” The judge smirks after taking a sip from a glass. He turns his head and grabs another group of papers from a drawer. He starts to read off a document right away after a few stares and long looks of disapproval at her.

“Mollie Scott, per your request, the law now recognizes you as legally exempt from clothing. Per this agreement, you must honor your claim and, in any cases, where you are found to be clothed unjustifiably you will then be found in contempt to the court and subject to fines or further action. You will be doing a life time commitment.”

“I understand sir” she says with as much confidence as she can muster. “So be it” he says as he pounds his gravel, then quickly exits the room as he shakes his head. After a cleric has her sign a few more papers, she’s then instructed to undress and hand everything to the male officer who held a labeled bag to store them. This moment seemed to be moving quicker than she could process. The clerk gestures to her with an “Alright, let’s go now…”  demeanor. He looks away as if he were embarrassed for her.

She stands awkwardly waiting and bouncing around, also messing with her pubic hair without realizing it. She notices that people are either doing their best to avoid looking her way or look down at papers on their desk. It was obvious she was uncomfortable and was visibly trembling where she stood. The clerk and another assistant whispered to each other as they laughed under their breath a bit. One of them gestured a slope with her hands over her crotch as the other laughed and looked away.

After a few awkward moments the assistant put down the papers and said “Okay! Well, we do need to get you a new ID- and we’ll need to just get your photo really quick if you don’t mind following me this way…”

She led through a set of doors and down a hallway to another room. There are other people waiting in a lobby type area, with a ticket machine assigning numbers to each person- much like the first room she waited in. She could see people standing and flashes from various booths as they took their pictures. This was clearly the section that issued Drivers Licenses and photo identifications. She continued to follow the woman as she led Mollie to a blue screened background and camera, showing her where to stand and where to look. She made Mollie stand there while she seemed to be entering information into the computer. Mollie stood awkwardly, as she noticed she was starting to get attention from the other people as they began to react and whisper to each other. Again, time seemed to be locked in this moment as Mollie wondered how much longer this woman would take before they could move on. Finally, the woman instructed Mollie to smile as she counted down and the flash was sooner than Mollie was expecting. She stood for a few more minutes at a counter and tried to look casual as she pretended to watch the TV screen across the room in the waiting area. Again, this time seemed to crawl by as Mollie wondered if the woman was deliberately taking her time getting things ready.

The agent then finally walks over to a printer and retrieves the new ID.  ”Here we go. Nice and quick!” she says with a smile handing Mollie the ID. She looks it over and feels a little embarrassed about how silly her face looked, but she liked overall how it came out. The photo was actually a nearly full frontal profile of  Mollie , from the middle thigh up. Her small breast looked slightly uneven too from the way she was standing, but she almost looked to be smiling. The woman continues to say “You are actually the first person to register for Permanent Nudity in our county, by the way. It looks like the state too! Wow…”  she says. “Well- you are all set and good to go. Have a great day!” says the woman as she waves at Mollie with a smile. That was clearly her signature to leave, and that they were done here.

“Wait, there’s no other people who have registered? In the whole state?” Mollie asked while struggling to maintain eye contact.

“Nope! You’re literally going to be the first. Wow! Were you expecting… different?” The woman laughs.

“Oh! Wait, I almost forgot! You’re sensor; someone should be coming by end of this week to set it up” the agent says checking over a list of some kind.

“Huh?”

“The sensor- it’s this little tiny like invisible bracelet I think, but it’s specially made by a tech company, and it’s very expensive. Here, they actually have a brochure… We’ve never done this before, but I’m pretty sure it’s custom created for you. It apparently is like a some sort of device thing- it sort of proves your registration. Here, this is their card. Go ahead and let them know, give them this code if they need. It’s your confirmation number for your finalized identify.”

“Ok, I will! Bye! Wait- is this the way out?” Mollie says visibly shaking.

“Yep. That’s going to take you right through the main lobby again. Bye now. Stay out of trouble… oh sweetie? Maybe you should erm… trim down there too? Just my two cents.” The woman says sarcastically.

 
5. Naked at School

It was only around 1:30PM so she began to coast back to her school. Her bare feet patter on the floor as she walks towards the double doors. She noticed a few groups of older people in the waiting area stare and doubletake as she passed by. “What on earth…” or “Good God…” they said in disbelief. She passed by another busier waiting area before she got back to the main area. Again, she tried to ignore the reactions and the people reaching for their phones to get a picture. She heard someone say amongst the clamor: “Oh holy shit- no it’s because she’s registered for that Permanent Nudist thing!” She finally reaches the doors and heads out to the waiting area, again passing more groups of people as trots along looking down at her feet. Some react laughing or stare jaw droopingly, some totally ignore her altogether. The sun felt good on her body after being in the cold city building for so long. She was back at school before she realized it. The campus was quiet as it was the middle of 3rd period.

“Mollie!? What are you doing back again like that?!” Suddenly she hears before she gets to the covered path.

“Oh, I actually just registered Permanently naked principal Dai.” She says.

The principal just stood there as if to not believe a single thing they are seeing. She seemed to have a million things to say, but suddenly just stopped as she seemed to be frozen in disbelief. She coughed up a few words as she collected herself “Where are you supposed to be Mollie? What class?” she asked.

“I’m supposed to be in ecology 1.” Mollie said in her usual, goofy self. “I was at the court though, see this?”

“Alright… get to class then” the principal stares in shame as the naked barefoot student stumbles away. Mollie’s principal can’t believe someone would commit such a strong act of… social suicide. “She’s going to be the outcast of the century” thought Principal Dai as she walked away, followed with a strong “How… embarrassing! “feeling.  She decided not to contact Mollie’s parents… they would know soon enough. Their now “adult” daughter just signed a paper saying she would be naked for life.
