No knickers today
by Misty Meadow

I've invited my neighbour Brie over for a picnic in my garden. When I first met her two months ago, she hit up on me, but I didn't take her up on it, she being about fifteen years too old for me, but when I met her yesterday in the Post Office with her ten year old niece Virginia, who's staying with her for the summer hols, that changed everything. She eagerly accepted my invitation.
They arrive and I usher them through the house into my large garden which has flower beds surrounding the big lawn. There's a huge old oak tree right in the middle which will afford us shade in this blistering hot heat wave. Brie's wearing a flimsy sun dress which is dangerously short. Virginia has on a similar dress, even shorter, that barely covers her bum. I compliment them on their choice of attire, adding that though the kid's dress is perhaps shorter than most women would approve of, I find it to be in perfect taste.
"That's because you wanna look up it, Misty," says the little girl, boldly.
"I can't deny it, Virginia," I say.
"No one calls me Virginia," she says.
"She likes to be called Pussy," says Brie. "Her school friends used to call her 'Vagina', which soon became 'Pussy', which is better than 'Cunt' which some of them had started calling her."
"Being called 'Cunt' was kinda cool," says the kid, "but the teacher put a stop to it. 'Pussy' is fine."
"My parents named me after a fucking cheese, so I guess being named after a body part ain't so bad," says Brie. I smile and lead them out on to the lawn where I've spread a large blanket with a basket of food and a cooler with ice and drinks. Pussy runs to the tree and starts to climb it, which isn't difficult as I've nailed footholds up as far as the lower branches about six feet up. We stand and look up at her.
"Oh, my God!" I say, excitedly, "you're not wearing any knickers!" She smirks down at me. She must know that her cunt is perfectly visible.
"Yes, Misty," Brie says with a similar smirk. "We were in Pussy's bedroom trying to decide what to wear and she suddenly said that there was no rule that said she has to wear knickers so, in this heat, why bother? Made perfect sense to me."
"Bravo! I like girls who break the rules." Pussy squats on the lowest branch, holding on to one higher up and my view improves.
"Are you gonna climb the tree?" I ask Brie. Pussy is climbing down.
"So you can look up my dress?"
"What other reason could there be?" I respond. Pussy jumps to the ground and steps close to Brie.
"No need," she says, lifting the front of her aunt's dress up above her waist, revealing her cleanly shaved cunt.
"See, no knickers, too."
"The breeze feels nice and cool," says Brie as I gaze at her. After a beat, she steps back, letting her dress fall.
"Would you girls excuse me a moment while I go get my camera?" I ask.
"Of course," says Brie.
"Figures," says Pussy. I dash into the house, take my own knickers off and return with my camera, to find Brie is now sitting beside Pussy with her arm round her. The view up both their dresses is delightful. They smile indulgently as I take a picture.
Having a picnic on a blanket with no table or chairs involves sitting with ones back unsupported. The girls manage by sitting cross legged which inevitably leaves their cunts in full view. I lie on my side, propped up on one elbow, which gives me a nice low angle to take pictures. I keep my dress down demurely over my thighs, postponing the moment when I'll let them look up it to see my cunt.
I serve cold cuts and pickles on paper plates and pour out glasses of wine. "You can have half a glass with some ice in it, Pussy," says Brie. If she wants her niece's inhibitions to be loosened by alcohol, it's fine by me, but it seems the kid's inhibitions are pretty loose already, given that her dress is rumpled up round her waist, giving her cunt a thorough airing. The fact that I'm taking pictures of it all doesn't bother them one bit. We finish eating and I pile everything off to one side. I pour the last of the wine into Brie's glass and she downs it and moves to sit beside Pussy who is now sitting with her back to the tree. She puts her arm round the girl's shoulders, pulling her into a hug, and Pussy drapes one thigh over Brie's. With their legs carelessly spread, it's a very erotic sight and I'm busy framing it in the camera when Pussy's hand reachs across and squeezes Brie's breast. I expect Brie to push her hand away, but she doesn't, in fact, her own hand moves to Pussy's thigh and slides up dangerously close to her cunt. I click the shutter. Then, to my astonishment and delight, Pussy undoes the top two buttons of Brie's dress and slides it off her shoulder, exposing her tit, then leans in and kisses it. Brie responds by moving her hand right on to the girl's cunt, sliding her middle finger up and down her slit. My camera catches it all.
"Look at us," says Brie. "A couple of fucking lesbians, huh? Howd'you feel about lesbians, Misty?"
"I fucking LOVE 'em," I say, emphatically. "Two girls, arousing and satisfying each other; what could be more beautiful?"
"So why aren't you gay?"
I smile, enigmatically. "Who says I'm not?"
Brie's eyes go big. "Wow, all this time I thought you were straight! This is awesome, isn't it, Pussy? Misty's one of us." Pussy is now sucking on Brie's tit. "Oh, my sweet little baby," Brie murmurs, "suck on Auntie's tit, my love, make Auntie feel good. Keep taking pictures, Misty, I wanna remember this moment."
Pussy lifts her head. "I've sucked your tits before," she says.
"Yes, but not with someone watching. It's so much more thrilling when we have an audience."
Now that both girls are looking at me, I decide it's time to let them look up my dress. I sit up, swivel round to face them and lean back on my arms, my legs parted. They burst out laughing.
"You, too!" cries Pussy. "You've got no knickers on."
"Nice cunt," says Brie, "nicely shaved. I hate pubic hair."
"Me too," I tell them. "I collect pictures from the internet of girls with no pubic hair. I'll show you on my computer," I say.
"Young girls?" asks Brie.
"Very young."
"So you're into kiddy porn?" she says, grinning. I don't deny it. "This I gotta see!" I stand and the girls untangle themselves and follow me into the house. In my den, I pull up a second chair for Brie and Pussy sits on her lap, her arm round her neck. From my camera I download the pictures that I just took into my "special" file, which I keep on a memory stick, not in the computer. I don't want anyone stumbling across it. Then I start a slideshow of the whole file, literally hundred of pictures of naked girls from as young as six to around thirteen. My guests stare, transfixed, at the screen.
What we're seeing is the result of months of searching the dark web.
"Oh my God!" Brie gasps, "they're all so fucking sexy!"
"And so pretty!" Pussy adds.
"And so happy," I add. "Look at their smiles. Every single one of them clearly loves being photographed showing of their darling little . . ."
". . .Cunts," says Pussy, reading my mind. "Look how they show them off. This is awesome!" As we scroll through my "gallery" every now and then we see pictures of more than one little girl, posed to suggest that they're more than just friends and occasionally a picture of a little girl with an adult female. These are the most exciting off all. The first shows a child of about six or seven, naked except for a pair of big boots that come up to mid calf. She's sitting on the floor, legs spread wide and crouched between her feet is a woman of indeterminate age, her bum up in the air displaying her shaved cunt, her face down between the girl's thighs. The kid is smiling or laughing, it's hard to tell, but she's certainly enjoying the situation.
The second picture shows a girl of about eight or nine, sitting on her mother's (we assume) lap, her legs also splayed out, deliberately showing off her cunt for the camera, and her Mum's thighs, spread not quite so wide also display her private parts. Both of them have excited smiles on their faces as they look directly into the lens.
But the third picture takes the prize. Mummy is on all fours, facing away from the camera, her rear end offered to the viewer, and beside her is a naked girl of about six, facing the camera, sitting cross legged to show off her little slit, her cheek is pressed against the side of Mum's buttock and her little hand reaching between Mum's legs to press against her pussy.
"Holy fucking shit!" Brie gasps. "Look at that little darling. Oh, I could just cum from seeing this. I never thought I could get aroused by a picture of a six year old. I guess I really am a paedophile."
"A very happy six year old," says Pussy. "She's cute."
"Oh, Misty, you fucking pervert," says Brie, grinning, "who'd have thought that you were into little girls?"
"They're not all so little," remarks Pussy. "Some of them are older than me." True, I think, but not many. Soon, you'll hit puberty, Pussy, grow tits and pubic hair and I'll loose interest.
Then we hit on the best picture of all. A naked flat chested girl lies on her back on a wooden bench, her legs up over her head, and below her is a teenager or possibly an young adult, kneeling with her face almost touching the kid's buttocks, her tongue protruding, its tip touching her sweet little cunt. The child certainly doesn't appear to be unhappy to be treated this way, her smile lighting up the whole scene.
"Oh, my God," Brie and Pussy murmur simultaneously.
"I wonder who took the picture," Pussy muses.
"Their mother, perhaps," says Brie. "They're her two daughters and she's bringing them up to be gay."
"Like me," says Pussy, "but I think she's a lesbian P.E. teacher and they're in the changing room and behind the camera the whole class is watching and cheering them on."
"You're fucking weird, Pussy," says Brie.
The girl continues, "I wouldn't mind being her, the little girl I mean, with my class watching."
"My niece is a dedicated exhibitionist," says Brie to me.
"Aren't we all, Brie?" I reply. "I love showing off my cunt and obviously you two guys do too, so yes, if I were in that picture, I'd be waiting in line to eat that sweet little girl's cunt, delighted to have an audience."
"The problem with being a paedophile like me, or like us, should I say, is that what we do, or would like to do, with little girls is highly illegal and having an audience would land us right in jail."
"I can be your audience," I say, my heart in my mouth.
Pussy grins. "While Brie licks my cunt? Oh, that's so naughty!"
"Or how about this?" I say, suddenly excited. "How would you like to have the whole world watching while you, well, do whatever you want?"
"You mean the internet?" Brie asks.
"I got all these pix from the internet. All I have to do is take our pictures and upload them to the same site I got these pix from, under a fake identity and email address. They'll get taken down, probably within minutes, but not before voyeurs like us have downloaded them for their personal masturbatory pleasure, and then I'll simple keep uploading them under new email accounts and they'll spread everywhere viraly."
"Do you mean that dirty old men will be wanking over us?" asks Pussy.
"Sure, but dirty girls, too, young and old. We should put together an album, Auntie and niece practicing lesbian incest."
"Is it incest to do it with my niece? I thought it had to be with immediate family."
"It hardyl matters, as long as the niece consents."
""Consents?" Pussy laughs derisively. "I'm not consenting, I'm insisting! Aunt and niece in porno pix. What could be more exciting?"
"What is someone recognises us?" asks Brie.
"Someone who's looking at the dark web featuring little girls in their underwear and the occasional child porn pic? Who'd admit to that?"
"Good point, Misty," says Brie. "Yes Pussy. Aunt, niece and neighbour in a delicious threesome; I'm getting turned on by the thought of if."
"But does Pussy want me to be involved?" I ask.
Pussy immediately chimes in. "From the moment you looked up my dress while I was climbing the tree, yes, I want you involved. It was so exciting, letting you see my cunt. That's why I started sucking on Brie's tits, just to get your attention." I look at Brie, my eyebrows raised.
"I don't have a problem with you molesting my niece, Misty, now that I now how gay you are, or molesting me, for that matter. I wish I'd known earlier. I'd have hit up on you in a heartbeat."
We reach the end of my collection. "My God, Misty," says Brie, "my cunt is dripping wet from watching all those little darlings showing their cunts to us." This is clearly the moment to move things along.
"Let's go up to my bedroom, get naked and start a photo shoot," I suggest, and Pussy immediately slides off her mother's knee and peels her dress over her head.
"Pussy, oh Pussy!" I breathe, "you're fucking gorgeous. You cunt is so pretty, I could just fall in love with it."
"And kiss it? And do naughty things to it?" The smile on her face betrays her eagerness. I take her hand and lead her upstairs with Brie following on. In my room, Brie lets me unzip her dress and slide it off her shoulders. Her tits are small and firm and she has no need of a bra. Her big pointed nipples just beg to be sucked. Pussy, without waiting to be invited, unbuttons the front of my dress from bottom to top, spreading it out wide and gazing at my body.
"You're just as sexy as Auntie Brie," she says, eyeing me up and down. "I'm glad your cunt is nicely shaved. I hate stubble. That's why I shave Brie every day with her electric razor." My head swims at the thought of little ten year old Pussy kneeling between her aunt's thighs, carefully shaving round her cunt. We climb on the bed and sit with our backs against the headboard, Pussy in the middle. Brie's hands are immediately all over her niece's body, stroking her from shoulders to knees, tracing circles round her nipples, and lingering to gently probe her sweet little cunt.
"What're you waiting for, Misty?" she asks me, catching my eye then looking pointedly at Pussy body. "Make my little niece happy." My hand copies hers as Pussy leans her head back, her eyes closed.
"I can't tell which of you is touching which part of me," she murmurs, "and I don't care. It all feels so delicious. Oh, that was nice, a finger in my cunt. Do it again but put two in me. One day, when I'm bigger, I wanna be fisted, have some little girl with little hands push her fist deep into my cunt and make me cum and cum until I die from happiness." It was in fact Brie's finger, but she pulls it out and nods to me. Two of mine go into that sweet pink cavern, warm, wet and welcoming. I lean in and bite a nipple and Brie does the same on the other side.
"Oh, God, this is so exciting," Pussy cries. "I think I'm gonna cum any second." I abandon her nipple, slide quickly down the bed and crouch between her legs. For a second, I watch as Brie's fingers, which have replaced mine, thrust in and out of her cunt and then I push them aside and press my lips to that pink grotto. Pussy groans like a girl in pain, but we know it's ecstasy that's filling her. Suddenly, with a cry, she thrusts her hips up, then collapses back down.
"I came, Misty!" she croaks, "You made me cum. It was heavenly! I love you so much." I look up at Brie whose face is registering total approval.
"Now it's our turn to make you cum, Misty, after all you've done for us, you deserve it. Lie down." I rest my head on the pillows and stretch my body out on the bed. "We're gonna drive you crazy, Misty, you sexy darling, aren't we, Pussy?"
"You bet! We're gonna feel your tits and lick your cunt and push a dildo up your arse and then we're gonna take turns siting on your face."
"Oh, my God! Who's gonna start?"
"Me! Me!" they chorus, but little Pussy beats Brie to it.
The end.
