"What is that?" Melanie said, emphasizing every word.

"A dunk tank, duh." Isabelle responded.

"So, what's the deal with that then?" Melanie asked.

"I saw one down in Miami when my family went there for the
holidays. A girl gets naked and gets up on that ledge above the
water. Then they put boots with weights in them on her feet. Then
she just sits there while people buy balls and try to hit that
small thingamajiggy. For every ball that doesn't hit she gets
money, but if they do hit then down she goes and puts on a
drowning performance for the crowd." Isabelle explained.

Like many teens tend to do, the two best friends spent most of
their weekends at the mall. They knew every store and every
restaurant in the food court. The dunk tank however was new. It
was situated right in the plaza that was the center of the mall.
Gone was the big fountain. It was still early and the mall hadn't
filled up with the afternoon shoppers yet, but the dunk tank had
already drawn a crowd. Up on the platform was a woman, early to
mid twenties. She had long, flowing blonde hair, long legs and
overall model good looks. She had a bright smile on her face as
she adressed the crowd.

"Let's watch, I wanna see some girl drown again." Isabelle said
with an evil grin and parked herself down on a bench.

"You've seen girls in a thing like that?" Melanie asked in wide
eyed excitement.

"Of course! How else do you think I know how that thing works."

Isabelle rolled her eyes. Melanie was such a ditz. There was one
fact however that Isabelle held back. It was the fact that she
had not only seen the dunk tank in action, but that she had
actually sat on it and risked her life. Isabelle might be a
cheerleader, but she was a smart cheerleader and she knew that
letting a thing like that get out could be a dangerous thing. No
girl who planned on having a long life wanted a reputation like
that.

The woman up on the platform was speaking into a microphone,
trying to get someone to go up.

"So, who is going to be the first person to try our brand new
dunk tank? Earn your shopping money in a fun and easy way. You'll
sit as long as you want and you'll get all the money people pay
to throw balls. And if you go down you'll put on the performance
of your life."

"I wonder who's going to go first?" Melanie asked to no one in
particular.

The truth was that Melanie herself was a bit worried. She was
worried that she'd speak up and volunteer before she could stop
herself. She was that kind of person who just threw herself into
things she shouldn't be doing. Thus far she had never thrown
herself into a life-threatening situation, but that was only
really because she hadn't had the opportunity. Since two months
she was eligible to be meat and this was her first really good
opportunity to risk her life. She knew that she would look great
up on that platform. As a cheerleader she was in really good
shape, a perfectly toned petite body that she had spent so much
time perfecting. As she usually did when she was excited she
couldn't help but twirl her dyed blond hair. Unfortunately
Isabelle knew exactly what the twirling meant.

"OMG, Mel. You're turned on!" Isabelle exclamied.

"Hush!" Melanie demanded.

"You didn't deny it." Isabelle smirked.

Melanie knew that there really was no point in denying it.
Isabelle knew her far too well. They had been friends since
forever after all. Isabelle was the person that completed Melanie
in the most dangerous way. While Melanie threw herself into
things, Isabelle was the one who goaded her on and dared her to
do it. Mel knew that in that way Isabelle was a very dangerous
friend to have, but more importantly that meant Isabelle was a
fun a friend to have around. Melanie knew exactly what was coming
next. Isabelle leaned in and whispered in Melanie's ear.

"You want to go up there don't you? You're finally allowed to
take part in  snuff games and you're just itching to have a go."

"No." Melanie responded.

Of course, she knew perfectly well that a no wasn't going to fool
Isabelle.  Still, she knew that she was going to have to put up
resistance or she would end up volunteering.

"You're going to love sitting up there, risking your life. I know
it and you know it. Imagine it. Everyone watching you beautiful
naked body up there, hoping to see you drown. You'll be so turned
on and I'll be here waiting for you if you come down."

Melanie could feel Isabelle's hot breath on her ear. Of course
she had expected this as well. Seductive Isabelle. Memories of
last night flooding back to Melanie. The two of them had spent
the last night together, down in Isabelle's family's basement.
They had, as they often did, played slave and Mistress. As always
Melanie was the slave and she had been given quite the treatment
from her friend. Isabelle sure looked great in her mistress
outfit. Leather boots ( leather from girl skin, of course), a
strap-on and a corset lifting Isabelle's lovely C-cup breasts.
All in black of course. On the other hand Isabelle looked great
without the Mistress outfit as well. Long brown, hair,
lust-filled brown eyes and the cutest little dimples made
Isabelle hard to resist in any outfit.

"I don't want to risk my life." Melanie croaked.

"But you do, my little slave." Isabelle whispered.

Fortunately for Melanie they were interrupted. It was the third
part in the trio of best friends, Emmy.
Emmy was a thin, tall girl with pitch black, shoulder length
hair. She was the private, silent one in the of the group. The
three of them had been friends since the first day of school, but
Emmy often kept to herself and only rarely told them what she had
been up to.

"You're trying to get her up on the tank I take it." Emmy said.

"Well, she wants it." Isabelle explained.

Emmy knew her friends well enough to know that Isabelle was
probably right. Still, it wouldn't hurt finding out for sure.
Emmy sat down next to Melanie and matter of factly stuck her hand
up Melanie's mini skirt.

"Eeeep!" Melanie squaked.

"Yep, she's wet alright." Emmy said as she licked her finger
clean.

"Fine! I'm a bit turned on, so sue me!" Melanie admitted in
frustration.

Luckily for Melanie the focus had shifted. The reason was that a
woman was making her way through the crowd. She had red, curly
hair, freckles and looked to be in her early thirties. She looked
very confident about the whole thing. As she walked she undressed
herself, leaving a trail of clothing behind. There was a man
standing by a computer next to the platform. He quickly scanned
her meat tag hanging from her pussy lips and pointed her up the
stairs.

"Looks like we have our very first volunteer. What's your name,
honey?" the blonde on the platform asked.

"My name is Laura."

"So tell me Laura, have you been on a thing like this before?"

"I haven't actually, but I've been wanting to try it for some
time now. I've done a lot of snuff games before, but never one
where I could drown." Laura explained excitedly.

Laura was oozing enthusiasm. It looked like she couldn't wait to
get on the machine.

"So, why did you decide to volunteer?"

"Why wouldn't I? I just love to gamble with my life. Let's get
this started."

This was met with a cheer from the crowd. Laura sat down on a
chair up on a ledge above the water. The attendent fitted a pair
of clumsy looking boots on Laura's feet.

"I think you all know how this works, but I'll take it anyway.
These boots are really heavy so if you hit the target she will
fall down into the water and won't be able to get up. She'll
drown for your enjoyment right here in this transparent tank. So
come on up and buy a ball if you want a chance to snuff this
beauty."

As the attendant spoke, Laura was busy gently fingering herself.
As expected there was a rush to buy balls and a queue quickly
formed.

"So, Laura? How long do you think you'll risk sitting up here?"
the anttendant asked.

"We'll see about that. But, you know I have no better place to be
so I'll be happy to stay for a while. Wouldn't be fair if I only
gave one person the chance to snuff me."

This too was met with a cheer from the crowd. The three friends
on the bench also cheered of course.

"She looks so hot up there." Melanie said dreamily.

By now she had given up all pretense. She was turned on by this
and her friends knew it. No point in denying it. Isabelle and
Emmy simply shared a knowing look.

"We've got our first person to throw a ball here." the attendant
needlessly explained.


The attention turned to the man who now had Laura's fate in his
hands.

**

It was a middle aged man and he took his time to aim. It was in
vain however and he missed, missed quite badly actually. Laura up
on the ledge had increased the pace in her fingering as he
prepared to throw and it looked like she had a small orgasm in
the moment the ball left his hand.

"So, that was one ball. Do you want to go on?" the attendant
asked.

"Of course. We're just getting started." Laura confidently
responded.

It went on like this for a while. Seven more men and two women
took their chance, but they all missed. One of the men glanced
the target with his ball, but it wasn't the full on hit that was
needed for the ledge to drop. With ten balls thrown Laura decided
she had enough for now and was released. She had been a good
sport for sitting there as long as she did and she was politely
appluaded as she descended the stairs, but still people were
disappointed.

"Now you've got your chance. We all know you're going to do it.
You might as well do it now." Isabelle whispered in Melanie's
ear.

Emmy, just as eager to see Melanie on the tank as Isabelle, took
a different approach. As she had done before she inserted her
finger into Melanie's wet pussy, easily accessible under a very
short skirt. Fortunately no one was looking at them, but Melanie
figured that it was only a matter of time before they would draw
a crowd. She really should have removed Emmy's fingered, but she
couldn't do it. It just felt too good.

"Fine! I'll sit up there for one ball. One ball only." Melanie
said.

"Yay!" Isabelle happily exclaimed.

Melanie made her way through the crowd, slowly getting the
attention of everyone gathered. She put a finger to the pulse
point on her neck and could feel her own rapid heartbeat. Sure
she had been pressured into doing this, but the truth was that
she was incredibly excited. For the first time in her young life
she was going to take part in a game where she risked her life.
All the people around her would just love to see someone hit the
target and send her plummeting down into the water. They wanted
to see her drown and her body no doubt carried off to the nearest
restaurant to become meat. That's what they wanted and that was
also what one little voice inside Melanie's head wanted. She was
still young and hadn't really experienced much yet, but that
didn't change the fact that she was willing to risk it all for
the excitment of being on the ledge.

"Put on a good show for the crowd, now." Isabelle ordered.

Melanie happily obliged, putting on a few sexy moves as she
stripped out of her clothes. Since Melanie hadn't been wearing
that much in the way of clothing, a mini skirt and a tube top, it
was quickly done. The man by the computer did a quick scan of the
meat tag hanging between Melanie's legs. She saw her name pop up
on the screen. All the relevant info, including the meat grade.
Melanie was mighty proud of her grade A. Isabelle gave Mel a
quick pat on the ass the blonde made her way up the stairs.

"So, who do we have here?" the attendant asked.

"My name is Melanie Carter and I go to Orchard High."

By now, most of the nervousness had dissipated for Melanie. She
held her hands behind her back, causing her perky tits to proudly
stand out.

"So, have you done anything like this before?"

"No, I've never been in a snuff game before, but I can't wait to
try it. I'm so excited."

"No point in waiting is there? Let's get you ready."

"Yes. Let's!"

Melanie walked over to the chair and sat down. It was a
comfortable chair, no doubt to make the girl in question stay on
the ledge for a long time. Melanie put her feet in the boots and
the attendant made sure that the boots were firmly strapped on.
Melanie could lift her feet, but just barely. These boots would
no doubt keep her under water and a shudder of excitment went
through her body as she pondered that fact. She could actually
drown. Just like the redhead Laura Melanie decided to pleasure
herself as she sat on the tank.

"Looks like we have someone ready to throw the ball." the
attendant announced.

Melanie looked down and saw the person with a ball in his hand.
He was young and good looking.

"I'll give you a blowjob if you miss!" Melanie blurted out before
she had a chance to think about it.

She was met with a good hearted laugh from the audience.

"Well, that's a lovely consolation prize, but I still think I'll
try to hit. No offense." the man responded.

"Ohh, none taken. Can't blame a guy for wanting to see a hot
little thing like me drown."

"Exactly!" the man said and before Melanie had the chance to
respond he threw the ball.

It was a good effort, the ball going just inches above the
target. Melanie got a real scare, that was  immediately followed
by a small orgasm.

"Ohhh, fuck." Melanie moaned.

"So, Melanie how about another attempt?" the attendent asked.

"Sorry, but I decided on just one go."

A sigh of disappointment went through the audience. Melanie
didn't want to leave things on a bad note so she went on.

"I will come back some other time though, this was fun!"

This seemed to cheer the audience up. Melanie got out of the
boots and walked down the stairs to be greeted by her friends who
both gave her a hug.

"You looked great up there honey. I can't wait to see you do it
again!" Isabelle said.

"Ohh, you will. You can't believe how exciting it was!" Melanie
gushed.

The man by the computer handed Melanie her earnings. It was
enough to buy a really nice dress and Melanie couldn't wait to
spend it.

"I believe we had deal."

It was of course the man who had thrown the ball who spoke.

"Of course. Let's just go somewhere less crowded." Melanie said
with a smile as she picked up her clothes from the floor.

Less crodwed as it turned out was relative. Only a few yards away
the man pulled out his cock from his pants. Playing snuff games
might have been a new thing for Melanie, but sucking cock
definitely wasn't. She immediately got down on her knees and
proceeded to take the man's cock down to the root. Actually,
taking a cock that deep wasn't something Melanie had learned from
any guy. It had been Isabelle who had taught her, using a
strap-on. Isabelle had given Mel a severe caning every time she
failed at taking the strap-on deep and Mel had learned her
lesson.

"You're good. I'm almost happy I missed. Almost." he said.

Melanie would have smiled if it wasn't for the cock down her
throat. She figured that was as good a compliment as she could
get from a guy who had just missed out on snuffing her. Melanie
used her skill and experience as she worked his cock with great
great energy. It didn't take very long before she could feel a
familiar twitching in his cock and soon after he came. Melanie as
the dutiful cocksucker she was swallowed every drop of cum with a
smile.

"I'm Steve, by the way." he said as he held a hand out to help
her up.

"Nice to meet you Steve."

As this had transpired two more girls had come and gone on the
platform, both of them surviving.

"That's 17 balls thrown and no hit." Emmy remarked.

She showed Isabelle, Melanie and a Steven a paper where she had
it all written down.

"Yeah, it is pretty hard to hit the target. They've designed it
like that so that more girls will risk their lives." Isabelle
said.

"That's a bummer. I wan't to see it work." Melanie pouted.

"Patience, it will happen soon enough. You have to remember one
thing here. Now that we have a thing like that here in town a lot
of people will want to be able to throw a ball with accuracy. A
lot of people will go home and train so that they will be experts
at this. The people down in Miami were a lot better at this,
because they've had the dunk tank for a long time." Isabelle
explained.

"That's true. I know I will work on  my aim." Steve confirmed.

"Guess I better be quick to get up there again, then. If I want
to survive it." Melanie giggled.

"What's stopping you?" Isabelle asked.

"Really? You're going to try to get me to go up there again?
Right now?"

"I don't see why not? You liked it the first time."

"You're soo bad. Trying to get your friend snuffed like that."
Emmy said with a smirk.

"If you don't want to see Mel up there, then why don't you step
in and do it instead?"

"I didn't say I didn't want to see her up there again. I only
said you were bad."

"I'll do it, but not today. I've had enough fun for one day."
Melanie said, putting an end to speculation.

For once Melanie managed to stand up for herself. It had been a
huge turn on to be up there, but for now she just wanted to enjoy
the afterglow. Isabelle might like to goad Mel on, but she also
knew when to quit.

"Ok, how about we all just wait here until we see the first girl
drown and then we go home and reward you for being so brave."
Isabelle suggested.

"Ohh, I like that. Just as long as I get to spend my newly earned
money before we go home." Melanie said.

Just then Melanie got an unfamiliar arm over her shoulders. As it
quickly turned out however the arm actually wasn't that
unfamiliar. It belonged to Gina, Melanie's lab partner in
chemistry. Gina was a freckled redhead and known around school
for her promise to get herself snuffed before graduation.

"You were awesome up there, baby. I just wish I had done it
first. Promised a blowjob for missing. On the other hand
though....I don't really want them to miss."

"Errr...thanks I guess."

"Anyways, I can't be standing around here when there's a
perfectly good dunk tank nearby. See you later....or maybe not."
Gina said with a giggle.

With that she  set off towards the man by the computer.

"So, is anyone going bet against me that she'll get herself
snuffed in that thing?" Isabelle asked.

**

There were of course no takers.

"Anyway, it was nice meeting you girls, but I'm off to work on my
aim." Steve said and left.

Now reduced back to the original trio the girls made their way
back to the bench where they had started. Gina was already up on
the platform being strapped into the boots by the attendant.

"Come on guys and gals. I'm not going anywhere. Line up to take
your shot to drown this young thing." Gina proudly exclaimed from
the ledge.

Gina was bubbling with excitement. She had made that promise of
getting herself snuffed before graduation on the very first day
of High School. Her class had been doing a simple introduction
excersice where everyone was supposed to say their name and and
something interesting about themselves. It had been a whim really
to say something like that, Gina just couldn't think about
anything particularly interesting about herself. At the time
graduation had felt so far off and she thought for sure it would
soon be forgotten. However, the rumour quickly spread and the
next day she was known around school as the girl who would never
graduate.

At first she had been horrified and scared about the whole thing.
She seriously considered switching schools and try to forget all
about it, but soon enough she started to like it. She became
immensly popular, got invited to all the parties and even the
teachers went easy on her. Not to mention that the more she
thought about it, the more turned on she got. By now she had
completely accepted her self-imposed fate and was actively
looking forward to it. She had only been meat-eligible for a few
months, but she had already taken part in sveral snuff games
around town and wasn't going to let this one pass her by.

"Hello Mr. T. I wish you good luck." Gina graciously greeted the
first person to have a throw.

That person was Greg Towers, Gina's history teacher. As late as
last he week he had given Gina a spanking for failing her history
test, but Gina held no grudge against him. How could she? She
hadn't studied at all and she had quite enjoyed it. Mr. Towers
stepped up and threw the ball, but missed. It hadn't been that
far off, but it was a miss.

"Sorry about that, I guess I'll just have to watch and hope that
someone else hits. I do promise to get some of your lovely meat
though." Mr. Towers said.

"Thanks, Mr. T. Try some thigh." Gina giggled.

Gina got the question if you wanted to remain in the chair  and
realized that in her excitement she hadn't actually thought about
or said anything about it.

"Well, Ms. Attendant...what's your name btw?"

"My name is Callie Roberts."

"Well, Ms. Roberts I can't very well let my big sis beat me out
on this. She sat here for ten balls so I guess I'll do eleven."

"So, that redhead Laura who sat here first was your sister?"

"Yep, she's right there and I bet you that if I do eleven she'll
do twelve, won't you sis?" Gina asked her sister who stood in the
crowd.

All the eyes in the room turned towards Laura.

"Are you trying to get me snuffed little brat?" Laura asked in
mock outrage.

"Well, you started it when you sat here for ten balls.."

"Fine, if my bratty little sister survives, which I doubt ny the
way, I will come back and sit for twelve balls." Laura promised
and was met by cheers from the audience and a kiss on the cheek
from a woman who was standing next to her.

"Anyway, back to me. Let's see if anyone has the aim to snuff the
much sexier younger sister." Gina said and stretched her tongue
out in the direction of her older sister.

The next person to step up for a throw was an older man. Gina
didn't know him, but she wished him well anyway. He missed though
and quite badly. Still, Gina seemed to enjoy herself up on the
ledge.  She constantly had two fingers going in and out of her
sloppy wet pussy.

"Nine more chances to snuff this naughty little schoolgirl." Gina
teased.

Then she saw something that actually made her have an orgasm. The
person who next stepped up to throw was an hispanic man in his
mid thirties, but it wasn't just any man. His name was Juan Perez
and he was the star pitcher for the local minor league baseball
team the Argonauts. Gina was by no means a baseball fan, but he
was somewhat of a local celebrity so she easily recognised him.
He was in no hurry, weighing the ball in his hand and throwing it
up in the air to get a feel for it.

"Ohh, fuck, fuck, fuck!" Gina moaned.

She was working her pussy hard and fast now because she had a
feeling that she didn't have long to live. Getting snuffed by a
local celebrity would be no bad way to go out Gina quickly
decided.

"Do you thik that you're going to hit Mr. Perez?" Gina asked.

"I think so senorita. Do you have any last words?" Juan politely
asked her.

"Err....Enjoy my drowning I guess!" Gina said and managed a
smile.

Juan threw the ball up into the air one more time before he threw
it towards the target. It was hard and fast and it was a hit. The
mechanism was quick and before anyone had registered the hit Gina
plummeted into the water. Her first thought was that it was cold
and as a natural reaction she tried to  swim up towards the
surface, but she quickly realized that it was impossible of
course. The boots were very heavy and did their job of keeping
her under water, just as they should. Gina closed her mouth and
started to finger herself again, just as she had planned. She
tried to look out at the crowd, but the water made everything
blurry, so she closed her eyes instead.

This was it, she had taken her last breath and she only had
minutes to live. Soon enough she would be dead. Not long after
that the people watching her demise would be able to enjoy her
meat. This thought, combined with her furious fingering was
enough to set of an orgasm of immense proportions, it rocked her
body and it was no doubt the best orgasm she had ever had. For a
brief moment she opened her mouth to scream out her pleasure, but
this of course resulted in water rushing in.

She couldn't help it, but panic set in. She desperately wanted to
breathe and started flailing wildly to get up to the surface, but
as she had already discovered she was stuck. She opened her eyes
and looked up. If she stretched her arm upwards she could almost
reach the surface, but that of course didn't help. Very slowly
the panic subsided or at least the signs of panic. With the lack
of oxygen she couldn't move use her muscles. Her thoughts were
becoming foggy, but she had one thought in her mind as she died;
she had at least put on a good show.

**

The fact that Gina had drowned slowly set in amongst the
audience. There was one last  bubble leaving her lungs and then
nothing. She simply crumbled down a bit, her lifeless body slowly
bobbing back and forth in the water. Her red hair stood like a
halo around her head and her lifeless eyes stared out at the
audience. Someone started clapping and everyone else quickly
joined in. No one knew for sure if it was Gina or Juan that was
being applauded, but it didn't matter. As the appluads slowly
died down the attendant, Callie spoke.

"That was quite the performance by our young drowner. I
understand that a lot of you might want to get a piece of her and
she will be served at the Steakhouse, if you don't know where
that restaurant is you'll find it on the map here. You better
hurry if you want to make sure that you get a piece of her. You
can make your reservations now then come in and eat her at any
time during the day."

She pointed towards the mall's map. A lot of people seemed to
know the way to Steakhouse anyway and set off.

"We will keep her body in the tank for ten minutes so that anyone
that wants to can take pictures. After that we'll empty the tank,
get her body, and then fill the tank again. We should be back in
action in two hours or so. Hope you enjoyed the show and please
come back in two hours for more drowning action."

With that Callie descended the stage and people started to take
pictures of Gina's body.

Melanie had been so captivated by the show that she hadn't even
finished dressing again. As it stood she was wearing socks, shoes
and skirt, but had yet to put on her bra and top. Her panties
seemed to be missing, but that didn't really bother her.

"That was awesome!" Melanie summarized.

"It sure was, but I'm gonna love it even more when it's you in
the tank!" Isabelle teased.

At the same time she leaned in and flicked her tongue over
Melanie's nipple.

"Mhmmm." Melanie answered, not even bothering to chastise
Isabelle for the evil comment.

"So, what about you Emmy, did you like it?"

"Yes, her panic in the end was exquisite. That desperate flailing
as she tried to get up made me all happy inside." Emmy responded
with a serene smile.

"You know, Ems, some times I think that beneath that quiet
exterior of yours lays unimaginable sadism." Isabelle said.

"I'm going to take a walk on my own." Emmy said, not bothering to
deny the allegations.

"Fine, we'll be at my place later on if you want to hang out."
Isabelle said to Emmy's back as the raven haired girl walked
away.

"Now, how about we go and spend my money!" Melanie said and held
up the wad of cash she had earned from sitting on the dunk tank.

"Yeah, I know exactly where to go!"

"You just want to spend my money in the slavery equipment shop!"

"Maybe...." Isabelle admitted.

"Something painful to use on me no doubt."

"Well..."

"Sorry, I have other plans."

"It better be buying some sexy clothing!"

"Of course!"

And with that the two friends set off towards the nearest
clothing store. Isabelle whose parents were fairly well off
always had money to spend and Melanie of course had just earned
her spending money.

An hour or so later, they emerged from the last clothing store in
the mall. Of course, an hour was a fairly quick shopping spree.
They did come the mall almost every weekend so it didn't take
that long to check out what was new and what was on sale. They
had bought a pair of slinky dresses on sale. It was the same
model, Isabelle's dress purple and Melanie's green. In addition
to that Melanie had bought a bracelet and Isabelle a pair of
boots and a pair of jeans. It was an average haul for them and
they were just about to leave when they ran into Mr. Towers, the
history teacher at their school. He was in his fourties, handosme
and pretty well liked by most of his students.

"Hello girls. It was nice to see you up on the dunk tank today
Melanie. I was hoping that you'd sit for a longer time so that
I'd have the chance to throw a ball."

"Thanks, Mr. Towers. Maybe you'll get your chance some other
day." Melanie said brightly.

"I hope so, and maybe you too Isabelle?"

"No, no, no! I plan on graduating, thank you." Isabelle said with
a friendly smile.

"Well it was nice meeting you. I better go. I have a reservation
at the Steakhouse. Gina's  thigh and a date is awaiting me. She
did recommend thigh after all and how could I say no to that?"

He sat off and started to walk towards the Steakhouse. Melanie
and Isabelle started walking in the other direction, when Melanie
suddenly was struck by an impulse. This however was not an
impulse that Isabelle had prompted, this was an impulse of her
own. She turned and ran up to Mr. Towers. Before Isabelle even
had time to ask what on earth Melanie was doing, the blonde had
blurted out her idea to Mr. Towers.

"Hi again, Mr. Towers! If you get to throw one ball each at me
and Isabelle will you let us share in eating Gina's thigh?"

"What the fuck Mels!" Isabelle angrly shouted.

"I just had an idea. Sorry!" Melanie sheepishly said as Isabelle
came closer.

The reason Isabelle was angry was simple. It was because now that
the idea was out there she didn't really know how to say no. The
fact was that Isabelle actually wanted to sit on the dunk tank.
Or at least a small part of her wanted it. She had done it once
before. Her family had been on vacation down in Miami and she had
seen that dunk tank at work. It stood right on the beach, so the
supply of barely clad young woman to try it was endless. During
the course of a week Isabelle saw several women drown in that
thing. It had been extremly erotic. Isabelle had not dared to try
it, even if she had just become old enough to take part in snuff
games.

Then came the last night in Miami. Isabelle's father asked what
the family wanted to do on the last night of their vacation. The
first person to say anything was Isabelle who simply blurted out
dunk tank. When she said it she had only meant that she wanted to
see it again, but her family took it to mean that she wanted to
try it and Isabelle was so flustered and turned on by the idea
that she didn't even try to correct them. In the end she sat on
it as five people threw the balls, one of them her father. It all
took place in the evening so the tank was lit up by spotlights.
Sitting on it was like being on a stage. Every eye on her and
they all would have loved to see her drown, including her father,
stepmother and younger sisters. She had just loved it and had the
best orgasm of her life on that thing, just from  her own
fingers.

"Maybe you girls should work this out first, but yes. I do accept
your offer. You both sit and you do it for one ball each." Mr.
Towers said and walked away to give them some privacy.

"I can't believe you said something like that!" Isabelle hissed.

"But it was soooo hot sitting on that thing. I already promised
I'd sit there again so why not get something for it. And come on!
I know you've always wanted a piece of Gina." Melanie defended
herself.

"Yes, but why did you drag me into this?"

"Ohh, baby. You have to try it. It was theee....best...thing
ever!!!" Melanie enthused

Isabelle could see that Melanie only meant well. Melanie was a
sweetheart through and through and Isabelle found it impossible
to be angry for long. Clearly Mealnie only wanted Isabelle to
have some fun.

"Actually....I've already been on a dunk tank."

"YOU HAVE?" Melanie screamed loud enough for people to turn
around.

"Yes....and it was awesome. I loved it! It's just I don't know if
I'll ever want to get off that thing."

"If you don't get off then I guess that's what you want. But you
can worry about that later. Please tell me you're in, we're gonna
get some very nice thigh meat and then we get to have fun on the
tank."

Isabelle still wavered. She had always planned on living for as
long as possible, not becoming meat in her teens.

"Pretty please!" Melanie said and adopted the poutiest, cutest
expression she could muster.

"You know I can't resist those puppy dog eyes, Mels. I'm in."
**

As she said yes, Isabelle felt herself relaxing. This was
actaully going to be fun.

"Yay!" Melanie cheered and gave her best friend a kiss.

With great enthusiasm Melanie dragged Isabelle over to the
waiting Mr. Towers and announced their decision.

"We're in! First some thigh and then you'll get your chance to
snuff your naughty little students." Melanie exclaimed.

"Let's go then I don't want to keep my date waiting!"

The two girls and Mr. Towers made their way through the mall to
the steakhouse.

"You girls can go sit down there at table fourteen. I'll just
have to make the arrengments so that you two get some meat as
well. It will mean a little less for me, but I'm hoping it wil be
worth it."

"Sorry, I got angry before. This is actually a pretty cool idea."
Isabelle said as they sat down.

"No worries. You know, I almost wish I promised we'd sit for more
than one ball each!" Melanie giggled.

"Well, let's not sell ourselves to cheap here. But who knows,
maybe we'll use this method again in the future."

"I'm so glad you're doing this with me."

"Yeah, just check with me before you get us into anything like
this again in the future, OK?"

"I promise."

"I just got to text this to my friend list. People have been
hoping to get a piece of Gina for so long and now they are all
going to be jealous." Isabelle gloated.

She fished her phone out of her her purse and started to write a
message.

"What'cha writing?"

Isabelle, with the kind of quick texting only a popular teenage
girl could posess showed the message: Guess who's gonna eat snuff
slut Gina? Me and Mels! Suck it y'all!

"You're such an evil bitch!" Melanie said in a frinedly tone.

"Yes, I am and that's why you love me!" Isabelle retorted with a
grin.

"True that." Melanie admitted.

Just then Mr. Towers approached the table. He was accompanied by
a tall woman in her early twenties. She had long, straight, brown
hair, black rimmed glasses and a very impressive set of tits that
she showed off in a black dress with deep cleavage.

"Ladies, meet my date. This is Shannon, she was a student of mine
a few years back and after survivng university she's back in town
to take over as biology teacher."

"Nice to meet you!" Shannon said as she shook the hands of the
two younger women.

"Shannon was a little upset that I invited the two of you to our
date so I promised that she'd get to throw one of the balls. I
hope that is ok?"

"Of course Mr. T. We wouldn't want to cause any trouble." Melanie
answered.

"That's so nice of you! I'm not the jealous type or anything, but
I can't let him have all the fun now can I?" Shannon said and
shared a laugh with the two other girls.

"Three against one, what on earth have I got myself into?" Mr.
Towers said and shook his head.

"Look at the bright side Mr. T, if you're lucky two out of three
girls at this table might have drowned by the end of the day!"
Melanie said.

"Well, that is a bright side I admit. And you can call me Greg
outside of school by the way."

"So, Shannon, who do you want to try to snuff later on? Me or
Melanie?" Isabelle asked.

The way they were seated around the table was Greg next to
Melanie on one side and Shannon next to Isabelle on the other.
This gave Shannon the chance to inspect Isabelle closely.

"You're real cute and like me you're a brunette so I guess I
choose you. To get rid of the competition and all." Shannon said.

Isabelle was a little unnerved because she didn't really know
exactly how serious Shannon was, but she decided to take it in
stride and take it as a compliment.

"I'm flattered, but you better be lucky cause you only get one
chance!"

"Maybe you should try to distract me like your friend did to the
guy throwing a ball when she sat there!" Shannon said with a
flirtatious grin.

"You saw that?" Isabelle asked.

"No, but Greg filled me in."

"Well, let's just say that if you miss I'll make it up to you!"
Isabelle responded and batted her eyelashes.

Isabelle was in a good mood and Shannon was pretty damn good
looking so having some fun afterwards would certainly be
something Isabelle wouldn't mind. It aslo helped of course that
it might distract Shannon from what she was supposed to be doing,
hitting the target that would send Isabelle plummeting.

Melanie was happy and amused to see Isabelle get into the mood.
Melanie too would have loved to try distract Greg with another
promise of a blowjob, but she didn't dare to lest Shannon might
get jealous. Sure, most girls didn't mind if their date got a
blowjob from a little snuff slut, but Shannon might not be one of
them. Whoops, I just referred to myself as a snuff slut, Melanie
realized and let out a little giggle.

"Looks like our meal is coming." Greg observed.

The waitress, a young blonde wth her hair in a ponytail and a
smile on her lips, carried the four plates with ease.

"Four plates of thigh a la Gina. The meat has been oven roasted
with the skin still on for that lovely crispyness. Lightly
seasoned with garlic, sage and sea salt and oven roasted potato
on the side." the waitress explained as she set the plates down.

This being a steakhouse in a mall, simplicity was the focus. No
starter, no sauce with the meat, no vegetables. This was all
about letting the meat take center stage.

"Thank you my dear!" Greg said graciously.

The wine, a bottle  of red, had already been delivered to the
table and Greg poured for everyone.

"Let's have a toast. A toast to Gina, the girl who lived up to
her promise!" Greg proclaimed.

Melanie had only drunk wine a few times before and had yet to
start enjoy it for any other reason than for the purpose of
getting drunk, but she had to admit that this wine was quite
enjoyable. Girlmeat on the other hand she had eaten and enjoyed
on many occasions. She took a deep breath, drawing the scent of
Gina's meat into her nose. It was always special to eat someone
you knew. Now, on most occasions Melanie was not what you would
call a deep thinker. She preferred to breeze through life. When
she ate the meat of someone she knew however she always took the
time to think about her connection to that woman. It was a way of
paying respect to the sacrafice so to speak.

The moment that stood out for Melanie was a party. It was just
after Gina had become known around school for her promise not to
graduate. Gina, basking in her newfound fame was entertaining the
party with a slow striptease. Isabelle had been her usual self
and managed to convince Melanie to join Gina on the floor. Gina
took the opportunity to make the striptease into a lesbian love
show. The two of them slowly undressed each other, teased each
other and kissed. It ended with Gina going down on Melanie. It
was the first time Melanie had sex with an audience and she just
loved it. There had been a moment there where Melanie had been on
the verge of blurting out that she too would get herself snuffed
before the end of high school. It didn't happen because Gina
moved in with a kiss, but Melanie had often thought about that
moment.

"Let's eat!" Greg said and took a first bite, soon joined by the
others.

They ate in silence for a while. Not awkward silence, but a
silence that came from the amazing taste of Gina's thigh. It
wasn't a fancy restaurant, but they sure knew how to cook their
meet. The crispyness of the skin and the tenderness of the meat
made for a heavenly combination.

"She was never a good student, but she sure made up for it with
her meat." Greg said.

"Which thigh was it by the way?" Isabelle asked.

Isabelle too had her own fond memories of Gina. They had been
working on a project together at Isabelle's place. It really was
a nightmare to be paired with Gina, because she obviosuly didn't
care much. Instead of doing what she was supposed to do she had
rummaged through Isabelle's stuff and eventually found a
strap-on. Isabelle made a deal, she would give Gina a good hard
fucking if Gina would just concentrate and make an effort.
Afterwards Isabelle had to admt that the improvised little study
break had been nice and Gina actually did her part so that they
passed the project.

"I don't know." Greg said as he signalled for the waitress to
come over.

"Excuse me, but can you please tell me which thigh this was?"

"Ohh, that was the left thigh I believe." the waitress supplied
before huryring off to another table.

Isabelle thought back to that moment. She had a movie playing in
her head of the black strap-on going in and out of Gina's wet
pussy. And right there was was the left thigh, the thigh she was
now eating. It was quite an erotic thought and Isabelle felt
completely confident that she had made the right call in going
along with Melanie's idea.

**

Slowly, but surely they finished their meal. The discussion
veered in various directions. Greg told the story of how his last
wife had planned and prepared her own 30th birthday party, a
party where she had been the main course. Shannon told about
various adventures she had been through at university. Isabelle
who was hoping to go to college after high school asked a lot of
questions. Eventurally though every last scrap of Gina was gone.
Greg poured the last wine, giving it to Isabelle and Melanie.

"Me and Shannon shouldn't be drinking this, we need to have
steady hands and good aim after all." he explained with a grin.

"Of course. You missed last time you tried to snuff a student so
you better stay sober if want to even have the slightest, tiniest
chance of making it." Melanie teased.

Greg simply chuckled and shook his head in response.

"I bet you really want to snuff me now, huh?" Melanie went on.

"Yes, you three go ahead while I pay. I see that they are about
to open the tank up again in a few minutes and we better make
sure we're first so that we won't have to wait."

He handed Shannon a few bills to pay for the balls and then the
three girls hurried through the mall towards the dunk tank. They
arrived just in time to see the tank fill up completely again.
There were several girls milling around, looking like they were
close to volunteering for a stint on the tank. Fortunately though
no one had gone through with it yet so Melanie and Isabelle could
go first.

"I wanna go first!" Melanie enthused.

"That's fine. Greg should be here any minute." Shannon said.

She then leaned in and whispered in Melanie's ear.

"If you want to try to distract him with a blowjob, that's fine
with me."

"You sure?"

Shannon nodded.

"You're so sweet!" Melanie said and gave Shannon a quick kiss.

She then walked up to the man by the computer.

"Nice to see you again. I still got to scan you though." the man
said.

This time it wasn't just Melanie who needed to strip. Isabelle
would need to get naked as well for her turn. Again Melanie
thought back to the time she and Gina had put on a show. At the
time Isabelle had been in the audience watching, but this time
Melanie wanted her to join.

"Let's put on a show!" Melanie said.

Isabelle had never planned on being the kind of girl who put on
strip tease shows close to snuff games, but she was in good
spirits and decided to throw caution to the wind. She remembered
the exictement she had felt when she sat on that dunk tank down
in Miami. It was so damn hot and right now Isabelle felt like
living a little. She several familar faces in the crowd, girls
and boys she knew from school. Among them was Isabelle's sister,
Marielle and her friend Kendra. That meant word of this would
reach her parents very soon. It didn't matter though, all
Isabelle wanted right now was to have fun.

There was no music, but that didn't matter. Both girls were in
the mood to show off and they had the audience's undivided
attention. Isabelle moved in and embraced her friend from behind,
then proceeded to do some groping before slowly removing
Melanmie's top and then bra. After sharing a brief kiss they then
switched places. Isabelle's was wearing a blue tank top and tight
white jeans. She sexily wiggled out of the jeans with the help of
Melanie. After some more gyrating, touching, dancing and kissing
both friends were finally naked. Isabelle would have to wait in
nudity for her her turn on the dunk tank, but she didn't mind. In
fact she quite liked the anticipation it built.

"Good luck up there." Isabelle said and gave her friend a kiss.

After having her meat tag scanned Melanie quickly made her way up
the stairs. She was in such good spirits that she didn't even let
the attendant, Callie, ask any questions. Instead she simply
explained everything to the audience. How she had been up her
earlier today, how fun it had been and how she had made  a deal
with her teacher and his date.

"Well, looks like you know what you're doing." Callie said as
Melanie sat down on the chair.

Greg arrived just in time to see Melanie get strapped into the
weighted boots. She waved happily towards him.

"Hi, Mr T. Guess what? I'm going to distract you. If you miss
you'll get a blowjob like you'll never had before." Melanie
proudly proclaimed.

Greg chuckled and smiled.

"Sorry Melanie, but I'm still going to try to hit."

Melanie didn't bother to respond. She had nothing more to add.
All she wanted right now was to focus on her own pleasure. Being
up on the dank tank a second time was just as exciting as the
first for Melanie. Perhaps even more so now that she knew where
she would end up. That steakhouse knew their stuff and Melanie
imagined her own thigh on a plate, just like Gina's. It fuelled
her desire and she got lost in her own fantasies.

"Any recommendation if I hit?" Greg asked.

"Well, I don't know...I know that Isabelle loves to tenderize my
rump roast so maybe that."

Had Isabele not already been standing stark naked and just put on
a lesbian strip-tease she might have been embarassed by Melanie's
remark, but as it was she just smiled and nodded.

"Ready?" Greg asked.

He had no obligation what so e ver to actually ask that of
course, but he still did it. Melanie thought it was very polite
and she reminded herself to reward him for that if she survived.

"I'm ready! Do your best!"

**

Greg took a deep breath and sent the ball flying, but it was a
miss. It wasn't even further from the target than his attempt
earlier in the day. He didn't seem too upset though. He simply
shrugged his shoulders.

"Sorry, Mr T. At least you're going to get your consolation
prize." Melanie said and mimicked a blowjob with her hand and
tongue pushing against her cheek.

The audience loved Melanie's enthusiasm and cheered her, even if
they probably would have preferred to see her plunge down into
the water. Melanie started to make her way down and was met in
the stairs by Isabelle.

"Look at you. So eager to go that you won't even let me walk down
the stairs before you want to go up." Melanie teased.

"Well yeah. I've already admitted I like this why not embrace
it?" Isabelle said.

As they passed each other Melanie turned around and gave Isabelle
a smack on the ass.

"Hey! I'm the one doing the ass smacking in our friendhsip."
Isabelle said in mock anger.

"Guess you'll have to punish me with a spanking later on."
Melanie teased. "If you survive that is."

"Ohh I will."

"So, you're part of this whole making a deal with your teacher
thing then?" Callie asked as Isabelle reached the platform next
to the dunk tank.

"Yeah, Mel there got me into this, but I have to admit I kinda
like it. The two of us got to have a piece of Gina's thigh and
all we have to do is to have one go at the tank." Isabelle
explained.

"So, you are going to be up here for one throw then?"

"Yes, It's my teacher's girlfriend down there who is going try to
snuff me." Isabelle said and blew Shannon a kiss.

"Have you ever done anything like this before?"

"I have actually and I hate to admit it, but I liked it."

"Ok, let's get you strapped in!"

"Ohh, yes."

Isabelle sat herself down and looked out at the audience. There
were several people she knew, but the one she focused on was a
person she had just met. Right at this moment Shannon, Greg's
girlfriend, was the one Isabelle cared about. Shannon had this
really hungry, lustfull look in her eyes. It was a predatory look
and it sent shivers down Isabelle's spine.

"That's done! Try lifting your feet." Callie instructed.

"I can barely lift my feet at all." Isabelle noticed.

It was an incredible feeling, being so stuck. Being somehwat of
an expert on boots like these Isabelle knew how they worked. They
were constructed in such a way that the person wearing them
couldn't possibly unlock them. This was done by three dials of
sorts on the back of the boots. These dials had to be in the
exact right poistion for them to unlock. To call them boots
wasn't really right, they were more like safes that attached to
the feet of a girl.

"Shannon, I hope you remember how good I promised to make you
feel if you miss!" Isabelle loudly said.

"I remember that......but on the other hand I'm sure your slutty
friend over here will do the same if I hit." Shannon retorted.

Melanie, that show-off, was still naked and standing next to
Shannon.

"Hey I'm not slutty...or...well...I guess I am!" Melanie giggled.

"You're such a traitor. I'll spank you if I survive this!"
Isabelle said.

She wasn't really angry with Melanie of course. Melanie was
simply being herself and honestly Isabelle loved her for that.

"You've already promised me a spanking, so by my count that's a
double spanking then."

"Double spanking it is then." Isabelle summarized.

"You two sluts done bickering so that I can throw?" Shannon
asked.

"I'm ready!" Isabelle proudly declared. Wiggling her tits for
emphasis.

"Any part you'd recommend for when I order dinner later on?"
Shannon asked.

"Let's say rump rust. That was a good idea by Mel. I'm sitting on
it now so I can't show you, but I promise you it's good quality.
Cheerleader training and all that. Ohh and another thing it is IF
you order me for dinner, not WHEN."

Shannon sure seemed confident, but that didn't worry Isabelle
much. She was sure the bespecled brunette was just trying to give
her a scare. Still, sitting here was in no way risk free and that
element of risk did wonders for Isabelle's libido. It really was
pretty much impossible for any girl sitting up here to refrain
from pleasuring herself and Isabelle was no exception. She was
rubbing her clit with the thumb and had two fingers exploring her
pussy.

"Let's have a countdown from ten and then I'll throw!" Shannon
said.

It started out a bit muddled, but from 7 and down everyone was in
sync. 6...5...4...3...2...1. Shannon was ready and sent the ball
flying. Isabelle had a fraction of a second to realize that the
sound she heard wasn't the dull thud of a missed ball. It was the
clanking sound of a hit. Ohhh sh..was all Isabelle could say
before the ledge disappeared from under her and she fell down
into the cold water.

Isabelle had known the risk and got off on it, but she hadn't
actually thought it would happen. The chance of a hit was so
small after all, something like 1 in 20. Her first reaction was
panic. She thrashed about wildly in the water, doing everything
she could to get up. She actually managed to raise one of her
feet ever so slightly, a few inches. Even so, she had no chance
of ever getting to the surface and she knew it. This was not what
she had had planned. She had always felt she was a girl with a
future, but now she was going to drown here for the entertainment
of a random bunch of mall goers.

It was all incredibly scary, but even so was turned on. After the
inital panic had subsided she made sure to keep her mouth closed.
All she could do now was to make the best of it, so she plunged
three of her fingers hard and deep into her pussy, while at the
same time rubbing her clit. She fucked herself furiously. She
felt an orgasm drawing close, but would she achive it before she
drowned? It was a race against time. She thought about what would
happen to her body. How good she would look like lifeless in the
tank. She had always been proud of her looks and she knew that
she was putting on a good show.

Most importantly though, she thought about the recommendation she
had made. She had recommended rump roast. Not just any rump
roast, but her own. She imagined Melanie and Greg and Shannon
sharing her perfect cheerleader ass on a plate. She felt panic
set in again as the lack of oxygen was getting to her, but more
importantly she felt the orgasm coming. It took her over
completely. She came hard. Knowing that it was her last orgasm
ever, just made it better. Part of her still wanted up, wanted to
breathe again, but even so she had accepted her fate. Kowing that
she would make a good meal consoled her as she died.

Melanie was completely in awe. Her very best friend who she had
known all her life was dying in front of her eyes. There was
sadness of course, but also excitment. When Isabelle started to
finger herself under water Melanie had done the same. She had
mirrored her friend almost exactly and when Isabelle orgasmed so
did Melanie. One last orgasm shared between friends. The orgasm
did nothing to sate Melanie's arousal though. She was so turned
on she could hardly breathe or think. She turned to Greg and
Shannon.

"Please take me home with you!" She pleaded.

"Don't you want to have a bite of your friend?"

"Ohh, yes. We can come back here later and have dinner, but
please just take me home and fuck me good first. Please, please,
please!"

Greg chuckled at her eagerness.

"Of course. I'll just go and make a reservation for dinner and
then we'll go home to my place."

"Fair warning though kid, when we have another girl to play with
me and Greg play rough." Shannon said and gave Melanie a glare.

"I wouldn't have any other way." Melanie responded defiantly.

THE END.






















































































































