Life with daddy is so different
by Vanessa Evans

Before you read this part I strongly suggest that you read the previous part. It will give you the background that will make this part a lot more enjoyable.

Part 04
******
The next morning I got all my chores done then set out for the swimming hole. Of course this involved walking through the field with the campers in and it was fun watching them watching me. I think that the only one who didn’t watch me was the vicar (or whatever he was). 

A couple of the boys were stood near the path that I was on and as I passed them I said,

“I’m going to the swimming hole. Do you want to come and watch, I won’t be the only girl there.”

The said nothing but continued to stare. As I walked away I thought about what I would have done if I had to walk through that field a week or a month ago. I felt liberated and I decided that I had a lot to thank daddy for.


Both Mandy and Annie were there when I got there and I dropped my bag and jumped into the water to join them. It turns out that it’s not only boys that grab girls tits and pussies under the water and we had fun trying to finger each other before the ‘victim’ could escape.


About 30 minutes later 3 exhausted girls climbed up the bank and collapsed on their towels. After we’d got out breath back Annie rolled almost on top of Mandy and started kissing her all over.

I wasn’t going to be left out so I started doing the same. Before long Annie was eating her pussy and I was sucking and playing with her tits. She didn’t last long and I wondered if her screams of pleasure could be heard by the campers. I smiled at the thought of the vicar hearing and realising what a girl was doing – if he knew what the sounds were.


Mandy recovered and her and me had just started on Annie when my alarm rang.

“What the hell is that?” Annie said when my alarm went off.

“Sorry girls, that’s my alarm clock, daddy’s taking me shopping this afternoon and I set that for 30 minutes before he’s due back home.”

“Right then girl,” Annie said, “you’d better go. Never stop a man from spending money on you.”

“Are you saying that I should get daddy to spend as much on me as I can?”

“No, I was joking, but if it hadn’t been your father it would have been a different story. When you’ve got a great body, use it to get what you want.”

As I started my walk back 2 things crossed my mind. Firstly the bit that Annie said about using my body to get men to spend money on me. I thought about if I could do that, and didn’t reach a conclusion because the second thought crossed my mind. Two boys from the camp were stood at the side of the path not far from the swimming hole and I wondered if they had been watching us girls.

“The other 2 aren’t rushing to leave if you want to get back to spying on them.”

I said trying to make them feel guilty, but they didn’t even say anything. I wondered if  I’d made the wrong assumption.


The vicar saw me as I walked through the field but he didn’t say anything.


I’d just got out of the shower when daddy walked in. He got changed and I put on my summer dress and shoes and we went to the car.


It took us about 45 minutes to get to the town and park up before daddy got out my list and decided which way we were going to walk around to go into the best shops for what I wanted.

I felt a bit strange, and a lot nice walking around town wearing so little, but I certainly wasn’t complaining.

Most of the shopping was uninteresting but 2 shops were a bit of fun. One was the shoe shop and the fun started when the young man in there wanted to measure my feet. That sounds boring but with my very short dress and no knickers, the man just couldn’t avoid seeing my pussy. By the time he had finished my pussy was tingling and daddy was smiling at me.

And when it came to trying the shoes on the poor man couldn’t take his eyes off my, by then, very wet pussy. The other thing was that when I was sat down and he was stood up he could see down the top of my dress. I think that he could see my little, pointy boobies.

The other shop was one of the clothes shops that we went in, daddy had said that he’d let me choose another dress or skirt and top, and a coat for when it started to get cold. We’d looked in a couple of shops and not seen anything that I liked, then we found one that did. We looked at the skirts first and I found what was labelled as a skater skirt. It’s made from a thin, silky sort of material and is nice and short. 

I took it to the fitting rooms and put it on then went out to show daddy. Well I couldn’t wear the skirt and my dress so when I went out to show daddy I was just wearing the skirt. There was a youngish man waiting, stood next to daddy and his jaw dropped when he saw my little pointy tits. That made my pussy tingle as well and I was soo pleased that daddy had converted me to the village way of life for girls.

Daddy hung on to that skirt while I looked at tops. I found some thin, cotton, tight fitting tank tops and took a couple to try on. I had to take my dress off again and when I put the first top on it clung to my little tits like paint. My areolas are raised from the body of my tits and my little nipples stick out even more, and I could easily see the changes in shape.

When I went out to show daddy he was on his own. He smiled, said that he liked it and asked me if the other one that I’d got to try on was white. When I asked him why white she told me to imagine it wet. When I asked why he told me that we’d buy the white one and that I had to wear it in the shower in the morning so that I could see what it was like when it was wet.

The other item of clothing that daddy wanted to get for me was a coat, a nice warm, but short coat. The sort that daddy wanted took some time to find but we eventually found one. Well it’s a jacket actually, a fleece lined one that got me real hot in the shop. It just ends below my butt and daddy said that we probably wouldn’t have found one if I’d been any taller. When I reminded him that I was still growing he said that I might just end up with my bare bottom showing.

 
We finally got everything that I needed, and laden with bags we headed back to the car but daddy decided that we’d stop at a McDonalds. I hadn’t been to one of those since daddy and Mike moved out, mummy said that they were just junk food but I remember liking the kids meals with the toys.

We went in and daddy led me to a table near one of the ordering machines and we ordered what we wanted. Daddy said that I could have anything that I wanted, but not to think that we were going there very often, He told me that mummy was right about the junk food but having a McDonalds every so often wouldn’t make me fat or do me any harm.

As soon as I tasted my meal I remembered why I used to like going to a McDonalds.


The other thing about McDonalds that I didn’t remember was the tables. I didn’t appreciate it when I was little but I spotted a man looking at me a lot and I followed his eyes and saw that he could see my legs, all the way up to my stomach. I’d just sat down not thinking about my dress or modesty, and the dress had ridden up to my stomach and the front part of my slit was on display and the man had spotted it.

My pussy tingled again.


As we were driving home I thanked daddy for everything and I told him that I felt like it was Christmas. I also told him that I wanted to thank him in a special way. I guess that he knew what I meant but he replied,

“Donna, you thank me every day by just being here. You don’t need to do anything more that just be here.”

“I love you daddy.”

“And I love you Donna.”

I didn’t say anything else but I decided that I was going to fuck him that night whether he wanted it or not. 


I put my new things away, not knowing when I’d wear the skirt and tops, then unpacked my new samsung, top of the range phone and setup as much as I could but I needed Mike’s help for some of it, and help in setting up my new laptop.

When we we went to bed I rolled on top of daddy and as I kissed all over his face and thanked him again, I felt his cock start to get hard so I kept kissing him until it was hard then I slid down and waggled my hips until I felt the tip at the entrance to my vagina then I pushed down. Once he was deep inside me I sat up and looked down at him.

“Do you like that daddy?”

“Oh yes, but you didn’t have to do it.”

“Oh yes I did.”

“Oh no you didn’t.”

“Oh yes I did.”

We both laughed then I started lifting myself then lowering myself over and over until we had both cum. Then I lay forward and went to sleep still laying on top of him and him still inside me.



When I woke up I had somehow moved off him but I had both an arm and a leg over him and my head was on his chest, I felt happy.

As I moved my leg a bit daddy said,

“Good morning Donna, how are you this wonderful day?”

“Annoyed, I was hoping to wake you up by getting you hard with my mouth then fucking you until you woke up.”

“Sorry Donna. I’m sure that you’ll get other chances to do that.”


“Supermarket tonight Donna.” Daddy said, “You can wear your new skirt and 1 of the tops.”

“Oh yes, I’d forgotten about that. I’ll make a list of the things that I want.”

“Can you make a list of food and household items that we want as well?”

“I’ve not done that before.”

“I’m sure that you can do it, but don’t worry, it’s not the end of the world if you miss something.”

“Okay, I’ll have a go. When we get back from the supermarket will you show me how to shave?”

“Of course I will.”


Daddy left and I cleared the breakfast things before playing with my phone. Mummy wouldn’t let me have 1 so I was new to it all. When I packed my bag to go to the swimming hole I took my phone so that I could give Mandy and Annie my number and I could add them to my contacts.


When I left to go to the swimming hole I again had to walk along the path that went between some of the tents. Again there were some of the kids hanging around and staring at me, and a bit later I was convinced that some of them were following me. When I turned a corner I looked back and just saw something darting into some bushes.

At the swimming hole, I spread my towel and settled down to wait for Mandy and Annie. I lay on my back with my legs spread wide and my right hand idly rubbing my pussy, and I kept hearing a rustling in the bushes. It could have been a little animal, but there again it could have been some boys from the camp.

If it was boys I was quite happy for them to spy on me, me being long passed (well a few days) caring who could see my pussy.

I was just getting quite excited when I heard Annie and Mandy arriving from the other direction. When they got to me and were laying next to me I told them about my suspicions.

“In that case, how about we put on a show for them girls?”

Seconds later all 3 pussies were getting eaten and 6 tits were getting caressed. 

Three orgasms later we looked up and around and saw 2 boys faces straining to get a better look. We all laughed then started ignoring them. When I later looked over to where the boys were they were nowhere to be seen.


We talked for a while, me telling them where I thought that the boys had come from, and about the dinosaur vicar.

“We should go and wind him up a bit.” Mandy said.

“I like that idea.” Mandy added.

“How about you come back to my place which will mean that you have to walk through their camp twice.”

“Could we?”

“I’ll have to check with daddy first, hang on a minute, I’ll make my first call on my new phone.”

I did, and asked him if Mandy and Annie could come over for tea. He said okay but told me that we’d have to have pizza. That was fine by me and I asked if there was a place that would deliver to the middle of nowhere. There was, he gave me the name and Annie said that she knew of it. Daddy didn’t know the number, it was written on a pad at home. I told him that I’d order them for about 30 minutes after he was due home.

Then he reminded me that we were going to the supermarket and I swore.

“If they don’t mind, I could take them home on the way to the supermarket.” 

I explained things to Annie and Mandy who agreed. Mandy adding that maybe we could start having sleepovers at all 3 houses. 

All agreed, I hung up on daddy.

“Is that your new phone?” Annie asked.

I showed it to them and got them to put their numbers in it. I then called each of them so that they had my number. They didn’t answer the calls because they had left their phones at home.


After a while we went for a swim and messed about with the ball that was still where we’d hidden it. Then it was more sunbathing and more talking. 


When the talking ran dry Annie asked if we were ready for a bit of teasing. Of course we were, and we packed our bags and set off walking home. When we got to the camping field we were pleased to see that the kids were still there so we slowly walked along the path. Just about all the kids stopped what they were doing and stared at us and I have to say that I was liking the attention, and judging by the looks on Mandy’s and Annie’s faces, they were too. 


“So this is where our new schoolmate lives,” Mandy said. “By the looks of it it only has 2 bedrooms, I’m guessing that your brother has 1 sooooo.”

“Okay, you’re right, I sleep with daddy.”

“Good for you girl.” Annie said.

“Yes, I was only joking.” Mandy added, “Where do you keep your things?”

“I don’t have much, remember that I told you that my aunty stole everything.”

“Oh yes, sorry about that.”

“That’s okay, it all worked out good in the end. More than good actually.”


I gave them a quick guided tour then asked them what they wanted to do for the hour or so before I had to order the pizzas.

“Do I remember you saying that you played with a frisbee on the beach last Sunday?”

I went and got it and as we went outside Annie suggested that we should go and play with it in the field. Mandy giggled then the 3 of us went through the stile.


Unsurprisingly, 3 naked girls playing with a frisbee attracted a bit of attention and we soon had a little audience, watching us and Mandy’s and Annie’s tits bouncing about.

After a while we saw a car at the gate to the field and the vicar was opening the gate. As he drove close to the tents he saw us and we saw him. I waved at him then the other 2 naked girls did the same. He didn’t wave back, instead, when he got out of his car, he called all the kids back to their tents.

“Yeah, a bit of a miserable sod isn’t he?” Annie said.

We gave up on the frisbee and went back to the house. Ten minutes later I was on my phone to the pizza place, telling them what I wanted and when I wanted it. I had to give the place a couple of direction which I did with the help of Annie and Mandy, then we just had to wait.

“Will you 2 be okay letting my father seeing you like that?” I asked.

“Well he’s eaten both our pussies at previous village summer fayres.” Annie said.

“Oh yes, both of you were sacrificed as well. I’m guessing that both of you are looking forward to whoever delivers the pizzas seeing you as well?”

“Of course, I hope that he’s cute.” Annie replied.

“That’s if it’s a guy and not a girl.” I said.

“Better not be.” Mandy replied.


Daddy got home first and he looked pleased to see 3 naked girls in his house rather than 1, but he got changed then sorted out the plates.

Mandy and Annie let me answer the door when the bell rang and the man just stared for a couple of seconds then said,

“Pizzas for Donna.”

“That’s me.” I replied looking at his eyes that were going up and down my body.

A few seconds later he told me how much they were and I turned to go and see daddy. As I walked to the kitchen I saw Annie and Mandy stood looking at the man and from where they were stood he would be able to see all of their bodies.

Daddy took his time getting the money out of his wallet then held it out for me. Just as I tried to take it from his hand he dropped it so I had to bend over to pick it up giving the man a great view of my butt. I picked it up then went back to the man and paid him then he picked up his pizza bag and got them out and gave them to me. He didn’t rush to leave as I pushed the door shut.


In the kitchen we all put a slice on our plates then went to the lounge to sit eating. Daddy encouraged us all to keep going back to the kitchen for more until all the boxes were empty.  Shortly after we’d finished daddy said that we had to leave soon and I went and put my new skirt and one of the new tops on then when I went back to the girls they both had something to say about me.

“Makes your tits look even better.” Mandy said,

“Is that skirt as light as it looks?” Annie said.

“Yes, it feels like I’ve only got a belt on.”

“That’s my kind of skirt.” Mandy added.

Daddy ushered us out to the car and we all got in. It didn’t take long to drive to the village and we dropped Annie and Mandy and Mandy’s house. As they got out they asked me if I was going swimming again in the morning.

“Yes, with a bit of luck it will be as interesting as it was this morning.” I replied and 3 girls had a little giggle.


“What was that all about?” Daddy asked as we drove off.

“Nothing special, we just had a couple of boys from the camp spying on us at the swimming hole this morning.”

“I hope that you gave them a bit of a show.”

“We did.”


When we got to the supermarket and got out of the car I quickly discovered that there was a bit of a breeze. With my skirt being the design that it was, and made of such light material, I had trouble knowing when it had blown up. I asked daddy to tell me if it was up and I hadn’t realised, but he never did.

It was a bit more difficult to keep myself covered when daddy asked me to push the trolley.

“Exciting was it?” Daddy asked when we were getting close to the doors.

“Yes but I thought that you said that I should keep my goodies covered when we were out in places where miserable people might complain.”

“I did, and you should; well at least try but you can’t take the blame for the wind.”

“So as long as I look as if I’m trying to keep covered no one will complain.”

“Probably true, but you’d have to look like you were really trying.” 

“I did some drama classes at school, mummy wanted me to be an actress at one point.”

“So you should be an expert then?”

“I hope so.”


Just as were walking in the door daddy said,

“That breeze has made your conical, pointy tits took more like torpedo tits again.”

“What?”

“Torpedos, underwater bombs, long and thin.”

“Oh, I remember them from a film that mummy once made me watch. I suppose they do look a bit like that.”

“I think that part of the look is because of that thin, tight top that you’re wearing.”

“Do you want me to take it off?”

“Yes, but you’d better not.”


I found out one of the reasons that daddy wanted me to push the trolley, every time that he handed me something to put in it I had to bend over. The people behind me must have been able to see my bare butt and pussy. When I realised I thought that if anyone complained I could say that I never realised.


It didn’t take that long for us to find everything that we wanted and we were soon queuing at the checkout. It was a young man on the till and he stared at my tits all the time that he was scanning our things. Daddy said that it was good job that it was a raster scanner, whatever that meant.

We finally got out and I had the same problem with the breeze although I only made the occasional move to put my skirt where it should be. I was glad when I got into the car and could take the skirt and top off.


On the way home daddy asked me if I realised just how much I’d changed from when he first brought me to his house.

“Yes I do, and I have you, Mike and that sacrifice to thank for it. That sacrifice really did knock the last of my embarrassment out of me, and talking to Mandy and Annie has really helped me as well.”

“But are you happy with your new life Donna?”

“I certainly am, I’ve never had so much fun, and Ive discovered sex, what more could a girl ask for?”

“I’m pleased for you Donna.”


Daddy took a turning that didn’t look right to me so I asked him where we were going.

“To pick Mike up.”

“Oh good, he can help me with my laptop and I’ve got some questions about my phone.”

It was the bus station that we went to but we were about 30 minutes early so daddy said that we’d go and have a cup of tea in a cafe whilst we waited. That meant putting my skirt and top back on, which I did before I got out of the car.

It was still a bit breezy but it wasn’t far to the cafe and daddy told me to not bother about my skirt blowing up and it did blow up revealing my butt and pussy to a couple of people before we got inside the cafe. 

We sat at a table in the big window so that we could see the buses arriving and I sat as I always do these days, like daddy and Mike do, with my knees open a bit more than shoulder width apart. 

I didn’t think anything about it until a couple of boys passing the cafe stopped and stared into the window. I was drinking my orange juice when daddy said,

“Do you realise that those boys are staring at you Donna?”

I looked up and saw them then asked daddy if I should close my legs.

“Only if you want to.”

I didn’t, and I didn’t, daddy just smiling at me. After a while I saw 1 of the boys waving to someone, and a few seconds later they were joined by a girl. They talked for a few seconds then she turned to look at me, still talking to the boys.

“I wonder what they’re saying daddy?”

“Probably that you’ve got a nice pussy.”

“No they won’t be. They’re probably saying that I’m slut.”

“If they are they don’t know the true meaning of the word. No, they’re probably asking the girl to show them hers.”

“I bet that they’re wishing that they’d brought their phones.”

“Too late now, we have to leave, Mike’s bus is due in a minute.”

“Are you trying to spoil my fun daddy?”

“No, it’s just that we’ve got to go. If we miss Mike he’ll be on his way to get a taxi.”

“I was just joking daddy.”

“Oh you naughty little girl, you need your bottom spanking.”

“You’ve said that before but I’m still waiting.”

“Do you really want your bare bottom spanking Donna?”

“I don’t know, Annie says that she likes it, that it makes her cum.”

“Well not all girls like it, and it’s only a small number that get turned on by it.”

“Will I be daddy?”

“No idea, I haven’t heard of anyone coming up with a way of telling, other than actually trying it.”

“Maybe I should annoy you a lot 1 day to get you annoyed and you’ll actually spank me.”


By that time we were back in the bus station, my skirt had blown up and I wondered if those boys had followed us and seen me. 


Mike’s bus was only 5 minutes late and when he saw us he dropped his bag and held his arms open for me. I ran to him and jumped up, wrapping my arms round his neck and my leg round his waist. His hands automatically went under my butt which, of course, was bare. I felt the ends of his fingers wrap round and press on my pussy.

“That’s nice bro, can you keep doing that please, and maybe go a little further.”

“Later princess, later.”

“Promises, promises.”

He let me slide down to the ground which pulled my skirt up leaving me bare from the waist down. I didn’t care if any of the other people there were looking at me.


“Just been shopping.” Mike said as he opened the back of the car to put his bag in.

“Yes,” I replied, “and the other day we bought a laptop and a phone that I need some help with please.”

“I’m not sure about that princess.”

“I’ll pay you.”

“You haven’t got any money, have you?”

“No, but I’ve got other things that you might just want.”

“Hmm, I did notice that your tits are looking a little bigger and more torpedo like. Maybe that’s because you were wearing something, I nearly didn’t recognise you with some clothes on.”

“Ha, ha, very funny, will you help me?”

“Of course I will princess.”


By the time that Mike had climbed into the car I’d got my skirt and top off and said,

“There, do you recognise me now.”

“Nice Donna, what have you been doing while I’ve been away, are you ready for your new school?”

“My naked school, yes, I’ve been getting to know the other girls in my class.”

I went on to tell him all that I’d been up to, then he told us about what he’d been doing.

“So you’re all organised for university, when is it you start?”

“Three weeks but I have to be there a week early to register and a few other things.”

“So just 2 weeks for us to have some fun. Well one and a half, I start school on Monday.”


“You’ll like it there Donna, and you’ll have a few surprises, but don’t worry, you’ll like them, especially if you ‘getting to know the other girls in my class’ means what I think it does.

“You know Annie and Mandy then?”

“Of course I do, it’s a small village, and I know Jacob, Jack and Andy, the 3 boys that will be there, you’ll have a great time.”


By then daddy was parking the car so we all unloaded it then had a drink and a snack. Afterwards I got the laptop and my phone out and we spent the next few hours getting them setup as Mike thought I would need.

When we were done I discovered that daddy had gone to bed and was fast asleep.

“Can I sleep with you tonight Mike?”

“Sure, but it will be a bit cramped, it’s only a small bed.”

“I know, I’ll just have to cuddle up to you and you’ll have to put your hands all over me to keep me still.”

“Are you saying that you want me to fuck you Donna?”

“Of course I am.”

We did, and we did, more than once. So much so that when I woke up and went to the toilet I saw that daddy had already left for work. Going back to bed I did the same to him as I’d done to daddy a few times and when he finally woke up he had a big smile on his face.

“That was nice Donna, so you do that to dad as well?”

“Yes, and he does it to me if I’m still asleep when he wakes up.”  

“I must remember that, maybe you’d like to take a few naps before I have to go to university.”

“I’m going to miss you Mike.”

“And I’m going to miss you too princess, but it’s not for ever and I will come home for the odd weekend and the holidays.”

“Good, I’m going to need you. Maybe you could bring some of your new handsome mates.”

“You, my beautiful little sister, are turning into a nymphomaniac.”

“That’s yours and daddy’s fault, and of course that amazing sacrifice. That just about killed off my embarrassment about being naked.”

“That’s what it was designed to do.”

“Well it worked with me, and Mandy and Annie, did I tell you about the swimming hole and the boys from the camp?”

“Yes you did.”

“So are you coming swimming with me later, Mandy and Annie will be there and I can promise you a good time.”

“How could I possibly refuse.” 

“You can’t.”


We did go swimming, and we did get spied on again, and Mike did have his way with all 3 of us girls, or was it us 3 girls had our way with Mike?

Anyway, all 4 of us were happy, and I guess that some of the campers were as well. We didn’t see the vicar and Mike suggested that he too was spying on us. I laughed and said that if he had he was probably still in the bushes, dead after having a heart attack.


The rest of the week and weekend was pretty much the same, with me sleeping with daddy, then going to Mike’s room when daddy left for work. My pussy is getting used to all the fucking and sucking, and my jaw and throat are getting used to being filled every day. 

On the Wednesday morning before we went swimming, I remembered that daddy hadn’t got round to teaching me how to use my new shaving kit when we got back from the supermarket so I asked Mike to teach me. My pussy didn’t have any hairs on it but it got shaved twice. Once when Mike did it and then again when he told me to do it. It was a nice feeling and both of us slipped a finger inside me when we did it, and I orgasmed both times.

When I told Mike that I was going to shave my pussy a least once every day he told me that I could get more interesting things to have sliding around my pussy and inside me. It was then that he told me about magic wands and vibrators and dildos. I’d heard of them when I listened to the older girls at school but never really thought about getting some myself. I decided to talk to Mandy and Annie and see if they’d got any. 

In the meantime, Mike introduced me to the other use for an electric toothbrush. That was nice and I swore that I’d do it every time that I cleaned my teeth.



School starts
****
I could have walked there but daddy wanted to have a word with Josh so he drove me there, us getting there before any of the other kids. I say walk there, there are 2 ways to get there, the shortest is to go passed the swimming hole and is about a mile. I would be quite happy to go that way when the weather is good. The other way to get there is by road but that’s about half as far again.

The teacher, Josh, was there when we got there and he formally introduced himself, adding that we had met me before but I probably wouldn’t remember because I was tied to the sacrifice trolley and his head was between my legs. Three months ago if a teacher had said that to me I would have been mortified and humiliated to the point of collapsing, but here I was, actually smiling at the man and wondering if he was going to do it to me again.

I’d seen the old church / school when daddy and Mike took me to the summer fayre but we didn’t go in. I was half expecting there to be rows of pews like the church that mummy used to take me to, but no, the place had been emptied and now had a toilet, a shower and a little kitchen area in 1 corner. I later asked Mandy where the girl’s toilet was and after laughing she told me that everyone shares everything.

For the classroom there is 6 little tables and chairs and 1 bigger table and chair for Josh, and a few big metal cabinets that I assumed contained all the school supplies; all in the opposite corner. Josh later told me that the space in the middle was used for demonstrations and PE when the weather was bad.

I had a wander around while daddy and Josh talked, then when daddy left, Josh called me over to him and explained a few things.

“Donna, you will find that we do things very differently here. In a big school quite a few things have to be taught theoretically, here we do things for real, I find that it’s a much better way to learn. Also there are lots of rules and regulation that stop the pupils from doing things that we do here, for example, coming to school like that. There are a few girls in the village that don’t come here that have to put clothes on to go to school. Sex education is another example, you will have learnt the basics in theory at your old school but here I take things one stage further and get you doing some of the practical side of sex, I’m going to teach you how to make love, not just how to have sex.”
 
“Does that mean that us girls are going to get fucked Jason?”

“Yes it does, and, just so that you know, I have discussed this with your father and he is okay with it.”

And another example is PE, state schools have strict guidelines as to what games the pupils can play, and they segregate the girls from the boys. Okay, it’s a little difficult to play rugby with just 6 pupils but we all learn the games by playing together.”

“What games will I play?”

“What sport would you like to play Donna? I have no fixed ideas, we will do whatever you pupils want to do.”

“I used to do gymnastics at my old school.”

“Well we don’t have any real gymnastics equipment but there are parts of the floor activities that we could do, we’ll discuss it with the other pupils, perhaps you could give us a demonstration of what you know?”

“I could do that.”

Then I remembered that a lot of it involves spreading your legs wide. I wondered if Josh saw me smiling and guessed why.

Two more things that you need to be aware of Donna. Firstly self pleasuring, all the pupils here are teenagers, horny teenagers and as such they all have personal needs. Instead of sneaking off to the toilet or outside behind a gravestone, all self pleasuring is done on your desk with everyone else watching. The lesson will be suspended until the procedure is completed then continues as if it hadn’t happened.

“Does that include the boys Jason?” I interrupted.

“Yes it does Donna.”

“Secondly Donna, bad behaviour is rewarded by corporal punishment. Yes, the laws do not include home schooling, so that is what I use to punish errant students. What is more, the punishment is decided by the other pupils in the class and they take part in the punishment. Punishments are usually bare bottom spankings or, in severe cases, a belt or cane. Punishments are administered over the pupils own desk to add to the humiliation.”
 
“Does that include the boys Jason?” I asked.

“Yes it does Donna.”


Mandy and Annie arrived just then, both as naked as I was, then the 3 boys, Jacob Jack and Andy followed a minute later. Each of them grinning and looking like they were really looking forward to the new school term. I guess that I was as well.


The 3 boys went to the back row of 3 tables leaving use 3 girls on the front row with Josh sat in front of us. As I sat down I noticed that both Mandy and Annie had sat with their legs quite wide open, so I did as well. I watched Josh’s eyes go from 1 set of girl’s legs to another.


I should have been listening to Josh but instead I was thinking that I really like living with daddy, I’m going to really like my new school and I’m really happy that I’m a girl.


“Donna, are you listening to me?” Josh asked.

“Yes Josh.” I lied.

“I’ll let it slide this time Donna, but if I catch you again you will get your first spanking.”

“Yes sir.”

