"God damn, girl - - you know you could make as much money as your mom with those tits?"
Sheree sighed and turned her head to look at Scotty, her mom's on-again-off- again boyfriend. He leaned against the doorframe of her room, beer in one hand, belly sagging out from his dirty white T-shirt to hang over the top of his dirty jeans, two day old stubble over his double chin.
"You know what happened last time you made a pass at me, Scotty," she said. "My Daddy came over and kicked your ass."
"Hey, hey," Scotty said, holding his hands up. "I ain't making a pass at you. Just - - y'know, passing comment is all. You got the face and figure for stripping, just like your mom is all I'm saying."
Sheree turned back to the mirror she'd been looking in as she fixed her long blonde hair. Asshole that he was, she knew Scotty was right - -she'd inherited her mom Jamie-Lynn's good looks and killer body, all tits and ass that she'd used to breeze through high school to get good grades and which she hoped would help find her a job on TV. What role she could get dressed in tiny cut off denim shorts the clung to her round ass and a vest top that was stretched tight over her huge tits she wasn't sure, but she figured she'd get a break somehow, just as soon as she could work out how to meet someone in the TV business.
"I could have a word with Duke, down at Slick Will's - - I'm sure he'd have you dancing in no time, and pay you good, too," Scotty said.
"By dancing you mean stripping like mom," Sheree said. "And you only want me to get that job so you can see me naked."
Scotty laughed. "I ain't gonna lie - - that would be one hell of a thing to see," he said, looking her up and down. "Duke'd probably get you and your mom dancing together. I'd pay just about anything to see that."
"Momma know you're thinking about me when you fuck her?" Sheree asked him, turning face on and thrusting out her tits at him. "Thinking about these big titties when you're banging her, huh?"
"Oh, I'm thinking about banging you both, right now," Scotty said, staring at her big, braless tits.
"Well you can just jerk off till Momma comes home," Sheree said, stepping into her sneakers. "I'm heading out."
Scotty stared at her. "You sure you don't wanna stay home? Maybe party a little with me?"
Sheree snorted at him. "Really? The last ass kicking you got off my Daddy ain't enough for you to quit that shit? I gotta get him round here again?" she asked pulling her cell phone out of her shorts.
Scotty grunted and moved out of her doorway, heading back to the sofa and dropping on to it. Sheree headed past him and out the door of the trailer.
Holy Hills Trailer Park spread out all around her, dozens of large trailers arranged in lots, each with their own fenced in back yard and a small patch of grass out front that doubled as a drive for the pickups and trail bikes that most people drove round here. There was a large general store, two bars - - including Slick Will's where her mom was currently stripping - - and a church dotted among the trailers but apart from the beach and Holy Lake a mile away, that was about it.
The late summer evening was still warm so she wasn't cold despite her shorts and thin T-shirt - - in fact her neighbour Brooke was still laid on a lounger in her front yard wearing nothing more than a bikini as she tried to catch the last of the sun.
"Hey Sheree, honey," Brooked called when she saw her. "How you doing?"
"I'm good," Sheree said, stepping over to her. "How about you?"
"Oh, just enjoying the sun," Brooke said, looking up at her through her dark sunglasses. Brooke was in her mid-thirties, around the same age as Sheree's mom, and had the same slim and stacked figure that most of the women in the trailer park had. Her big tits were just about covered up by her small bikini, though Sheree thought that would change if Brooke moved suddenly.
"Ain't too sure there's much left," Sheree said. "Won't be long before it goes down."
"Yeah, me either," Brooke laughed. "Got some of the Squad coming round later to entertain me," she said, referring to the local biker gang. "You know, if you wanna stop by, I don't mind sharing - - should be plenty to go round. You could bring your mom, too."
Sheree smiled. "Who knows? Might just do that. See ya!" she said and headed off, all too aware of her neighbour's eyes on her tight, round ass.
"Hey cuz," a young man called a few minutes later from the home-made porch on his trailer.
"Oh hey, Tommy," Sheree said, stopping at the chain link fence and looking up at him. "What you doing?"
"Looking at the sexiest cousin I got," Tommy said, leaning over the porch. Sheree could never keep straight exactly how they were related but then most everyone in the park was related to someone else somehow. Tommy was tall and dark, though, while Sheree was smaller and blonde so who knew how their family tree intertwined.
"Well ain't you the charming son of a bitch?" Sheree laughed. "You got plans this evening?"
"Sure do," Tommy said. He dropped his voice a little. "Momma's gone out so me an' Kaylee are staying in tonight," he said with a grin.
"Just you and your big sister, huh?" Sheree said.
"That's right. Less you wanna come along too?"
"Maybe another time," Sheree said with a laugh. "Give Kaylee my love," she said, blowing him a kiss.
As she walked down the dirt road between the trailers, she took her phone out and called her best friend, Tammy.
"Hey girl," she said when Tammy answered. "Up for some company?"
"Sorry, girlfriend, no can do," Tammy replied. "Burt's coming home any minute now and we kinda got a special celebration ready for him."
"Oh shit, yeah, I forgot your brother's been released. Well say hi to him from me, won't ya?"
"Will do - - catch up tomorrow? Love ya!"
Sheree put her phone away and carried on walking, ignoring the few cat calls she had from people she didn't know, waving to those she did. As she reached a junction, she jumped slightly as a figure in the shadow of a tree spoke.
"Sheree, looking good, girl."
"Billy Boy - - I heard you were on the run from the cops?" Sheree said as she recognized the tall, older man stood beneath the tree.
Billy Boy shrugged. "Ain't nothing. Just got into a fight last night is all." He looked her up and down. "Saw your daddy for the first time in a while, couple of days ago. He said you'd turned out real nice. Wasn't wrong, neither."
"My Daddy said I was real nice?" Sheree asked.
"Think his actual words were you were hot as hell with a body built for fucking," Billy Boy said with a laugh. "I know some city folks might not agree with a father saying that about his daughter but hell, round here if you can't comment on someone you're related to, well you'll be awful quiet."
"Now why were you and my Daddy talking about me like that?"
Billy Boy grinned. "We'd had a couple beers round his place and guess who should come a'knocking on his door?"
"Who?" Sheree asked. Before he could answer, a car slid to a halt, accompanied by the short _whoop! whoop!_ of a siren. Two police officers stepped out, hands on their pistols as they approached.
"Billy Moore, you stay right where you are," the lead officer - - a short, dark haired woman with an impressive bust beneath her shirt - - said as she got closer.
"Officer Carmichael," Billy Boy said, slowly putting his hands in the air. "Seeing as it's you, gorgeous, I surrender."
"That you, Sheree?" the other officer - - another woman, this time blonde but with the same generous bust - - said.
"Oh, hey Alyssa," Sheree said to the policewoman. "I was just talking with Billy Boy here."
"Uh-huh," the officer said, both of them watching as Officer Carmichael put him in the back seat of the cruiser. "You need to be more careful - - he can be violent, you know that."
"Billy Boy only ever fights when he's drunk, and even then he only ever hits guys."
"Even so," Alyssa said, looking her up and down, taking in her tiny shorts and tight T-shirt. "Dressed like that, you oughta be careful round here."
"Oh come on," Sheree said with a smile. "When's the last time you and Officer Carmichael had to deal with anything worse than Billy Boy getting drunk and smacking someone upside the head?"
Alyssa nodded. "Things are quiet here, I'll grant you that, and I'm grateful for it. Still, you be careful," she said, glancing round to make sure her fellow officer wasn't looking. She pulled Sheree close, their big tits squashing together as she grabbed a handful of her ass. "Wouldn't want anything bad to happen to my favourite cousin," she said, kissing her quickly, their tongues slipping into each other's mouths.
"Mmmmm, officer," Sheree murmured as Alyssa let her go. "You gonna come round soon, show me how you use that big nightstick of yours?" she asked quietly.
"Damn straight," Alyssa replied. "Show you and your momma," she added before turning and getting back into the cruiser with Officer Carmichael. As they drove off, Billy Boy blew her a kiss through the rear window.
Sheree took her phone from her shorts pocket when she heard it chime and opened up the message she'd received from her friend Janelle.
 _babe. big partee at dannys place_ it read. _get yor ass ova here!! XOXOX!!_
Janelle was one of her oldest friends and a complete party animal, and if the party was at Danny's that meant booze, weed and sex. Sheree thought about it for a minute before texting back.
 _No can do you have fun tho XX_
"I got somewhere to be now," she said to herself as she hit SEND. Stuffing her phone back in her pocket, she headed off once more, this time heading in to the centre of the park where the largest trailer sat, raised up on a concrete platform so that it was half as high again as the others around it.
She walked up the steps towards the big steel door but just as she raised her hand to knock on it, the door opened and a short, slim and stacked red head almost bumped into her.
"Sheree, darling, how you doing, babe?" she asked, pulling her into a hug and kissing her on the cheek. Sheree hugged her back, feeling the other woman's big tits rub against her own, her hard nipples poking against her T-shirt.
"I'm good, Rhonda," she said, wondering if she had imagined the other woman pawing at her ass for a second. "Daddy home?"
"Sure is, sis," Rhonda said, stepping back and holding her at arm's length, looking her up and down. "Fact, we were just talking about you."
"Really?" Sheree asked. "What were you saying?" she asked her half-sister who was a year older than her. Rhonda's mother was another dancer at Slick Will's and was probably stripping with Sheree's mother that night.
"Why don't you step in and ask Daddy?" Rhonda said with a strange smile. "I'd love to stay and - - talk with you, but I think he might like to speak with you alone first."
"Am I in trouble?" Sheree asked, her eyes wide.
"Oh no, babe, no," Rhonda said. "You go on in and see Daddy. He'll explain." Rhonda leaned in and kissed her again, this time a quick peck on the lips, something she'd never done before. Sheree watched as she walked away, tits bouncing beneath her T-shirt, firm ass wiggling under her tight, short skirt.
Sheree stepped into the trailer and closed the door behind her.
"Rhonda? You forget something?" her father's deep voice called from the far end of the trailer.
"No, Daddy. It's me, Sheree," she called.
"Oh hey, darling," her father said as he stepped out of his bedroom wearing only a pair of boxer shorts. "I was just talking about you with your sister."
She couldn't help but stare - - her father was a very handsome man and in incredible physical shape for someone in his early 50's or so. Every muscle he had was well defined - - not huge like a bodybuilder's but sculpted and in good proportions - - and the prominent bulge in his shorts left her in no doubt as to how well endowed he was, the coiled length of his cock clearly outlined by the dark grey cotton of his underwear.
"From what I hear, you been talking about me a lot," Sheree said, stepping forward, letting him hug her close, loving the feel of his warm body against her own, her tits flattening against his chest.
"Oh really?" he asked, nuzzling against her neck and kissing her softly. "Who have you been talking to?"
Sheree gasped at his kisses and moaned gently as one of his hands fell to her ass and pulled her forward, her crotch grinding against the big lump in his shorts. He'd never done anything so blatant before - - there'd been some mild flirting on both their behalves for some time as Sheree had grown and developed but never anything inappropriate, as much as Sheree might have wished for it.
"Well - - I saw Rhonda just now," she sighed as he continued holding and kissing her. "And I - - mmmmm - -I bumped into - - to Billy Boy earlier."
Her father straightened up and, while he didn't let go of her completely, guided her into the trailer towards the large sofa, the pair of them sitting close together, facing each other.
"And what did Billy Boy say?" he asked her, reaching out and stroking her long blonde hair.
"He said that - - that you'd said I was real pretty," Sheree said.
"Well you are, darling," her father said. "You're prettier than your momma and she's just about the best looking woman I know." He looked at her, drinking in her huge tits and trim waist. "Hell, it ain't just your looks you got from her, either - - you got her figure, too. You could be a dancer, just like your mom."
Sheree pouted a little. "Scotty said the same thing earlier this evening," she said.
Her father frowned. "That asshole making a play for you again? Want me to kick his ass again?"
"No," Sheree smiled. "I think he learned that lesson, Daddy." She sighed. "Thing is, you and him saying the same thing - - it's kinda sad. I was hoping to be on TV or in a film or something. Much as I love Momma, I don't wanna be a stripper."
Her father reached behind her head and cupped it gently, making her look at him as he moved a little closer.
"I don't want to burst your bubble, darling, but with a face and figure like yours, I think there's only one type of film you're going to be in."
Sheree's eyes went wide. "Do you mean porn, Daddy?" she asked.
"I do," he said with a big grin, looking her over once more. "You could probably make more money doing ten films than you could in ten years of being in TV, working your way up through the ranks. God knows you've got the body for it."
Sheree smiled again. "Yeah, that's what Billy Boy said you'd said." Her father raised his eyebrows. "Billy Boy said you'd said I was hot as hell with a body built - - "
"Built for what, darling?"
"For - - for fucking," Sheree said quietly, making her father laugh.
"And you have, darling, you surely have," he said. "Just like your Momma. We may not be together like man and wife, but she knows I can't resist her body when she calls round."
"And - - and you think I've got the same body as Momma?" Sheree asked, moving closer, reaching out and stroking his hard chest.
"Just like your Momma," her father said, running his free hand up her thigh and cupping her ass, pulling her even closer.
"So - - so you wouldn't be able to resist my body either?" Sheree asked, draping her leg over his thighs.
"I wouldn't even try, darling," he said, sliding her over him so that she was straddling him, one leg either side of his hips.
"Even though I'm your daughter?"
"Because you're my daughter," he said, pulling her down on to his crotch with one hand, the other pulling her head towards his, the pair of them kissing passionately as Sheree ground her pussy against the hardening bulge in his shorts. They kissed, her father running his hands over her body, cupping her ass and tits with his large hands as she squirmed with pleasure in his lap.
"God, Daddy," she gasped between kisses. "I've - - mmmmm - - wanted to do this - - aahhhh - - for so long."
"Me too, baby, me too," he said, taking hold of the base of her T-shirt. "Let me see those big tit of yours," he said, pulling it up over her huge tits, instantly clamping his mouth over one of her hard nipples, sucking on it for a moment before moving to the other.
"Oh fuck - - fuck, that feels good, Daddy," Sheree sighed, looking down and watching her father suck on her tits. She reached down between them and grabbed hold of his cock through his boxers, struggling to get her fingers round the thick length. "Jesus, Daddy," she said. "You feel huge."
He looked up from beneath her tits. "Take it out, baby," he said. "See what you do to me."
Sheree moved back a little so she was sitting closer to his knees, and pulled the waist of his boxers down, giggling in delight as the huge shaft of her father's prick leapt out and slapped against his belly and chest.
"Fucking hell, Daddy," she cried, grasping it with both hands, running them up and down the hard, pulsing cock, her eyes wide in lust filled amazement. "No wonder Momma keeps coming back to you," she said, taking the clear, thick pre- cum that dribbled from the bulbous knob head and using it to lube her two handed hand job.
"Yeah, your Momma like a big cock," he said. "That's why she puts up with Scotty's shit - - he ain't as big as me, but he's got what she needs, so she says."
"Fucking hell," she whispered, her hands sliding up and down his massive erection. "I need it too, Daddy," she said.
"Just like your Momma," he said with an arrogant smirk, watching as she quickly jumped off his lap and peeled off her shorts, leaving her in just socks and sneakers, her shaved pussy lips plump and hot between her legs.
Sheree bent at the waist, her huge tits laying on his thighs, and held up his big cock as she sucked and slurped at the purple head, opening her lips as wide as she could to suck in as much of his cock as possible. All too soon she felt the knob bump into the back of her throat but instead of stopping, she forced herself further down.
"Aaacckkkk - - ggacccckkkkkk - - kkkoooffff - - mmmllppppp!" She coughed and gagged repeatedly, spitting thick streams of saliva down over her father's cock as she crammed more and more of the thick tool into her mouth and, eventually, her throat. She came up for air once or twice before plunging back down over and over, taking almost half of his prick before she straightened up and smiled at him, spit and pre-cum running over her chin. "You like that, Daddy?" she asked, still jerking him off.
"Yes, baby," he said. "You keep practicing and you'll be able to take it all one day," he said.
"We gonna do this again, Daddy?" Sheree asked.
"We're going to do this every time you call round from now on," her father said.
Sheree climbed back into his lap, this time holding his cock upright so that she could aim it between the slick lips of her twat. The big, flared head - - wet with pre-cum and spit - - slipped between her pussy lips and slotted into her hole, making them both sigh.
"Uuhhhhhhh, fuck," Sheree moaned as she slowly lowered herself down, taking time to get used to his size. "Will you - - uunnnnn - - will you go slow, Daddy?" she asked. "I've never - - mmmaahhhhh - - never had a cock - - this big."
"Sure, baby," her father said, holding her hips lightly, helping her slide up and down, his cock disappearing inch by inch into her cunt. He watched her big tits sway gently as she moved a little faster, smiling as she reached up and took hold of them, pinching her own nipples.  
"Oh God - - fucking hell - - mmmaaaaaaaahh!" she sighed as she worked her way down his huge dick, picking up speed as her pussy stretched and became used to his size. She squealed in delight as he moved one of his hands and stroked at her clit gently. "Fuck - - aaahhhh yes, Daddy - - fuck - - ahahhhhhh - - fuck - - cumming!" she cried in surprise as she felt her pussy tighten around his shaft, clenching on his cock, the fastest orgasm she'd ever had rippling through her body.
Her father pulled her further down on to his cock, almost the entire shaft sliding inside her in one go as he took advantage of her surprise and the extra lube her pussy had provided to bury as much of his cock into his daughter's pussy as possible.
"Oh fuck yes!" Sheree screamed, feeling her father's dick deep inside her, wondering if he was going to push through into her womb as he felt so big. "Fuck me Daddy! Fuck me!" she cried, all concerns about going slow vanishing as she pushed herself down on to his cock, his trimmed pubes finally brushing against her pussy lips. "Aaaahhhhh - - oh my God - - cumming - - uuuhnnnnn - - cumming again!" she cried, wondering how this was possible before all coherent thought slid away as her orgasm tore through her body and mind.
It was only a moment later that she came too, her head resting on her father's shoulder, her huge tits squashed against his chest, his enormous prick still sliding in and out of her tight pussy.
"Oh God, Daddy," she gasped, kissing him. "I've never - - never cum so hard or fast - - how - - uuuhhhnnn - - how did you - -?"
Her father laughed. "It's a secret, darling," he said. "You ready for me to cum?" Sheree nodded. "Good. Now climb off and kneel between my legs."
Sheree did as he asked, slowly climbing off his lap, her legs a little shaky, and kneeling between his legs as he sat up straight, his huge cock pointing at her. She'd been with enough guys to know what he wanted and so cupped her huge tits together.
"You gonna cum on my titties, Daddy?" she asked him.
Her father smiled as he jerked on his big dick for a moment or two before holding it still, the head bulging even larger for a second before a huge stream of thick, white jizz flew from the end and splattered over her huge tits. It was quickly joined by another and another and yet more, her father hosing her jugs down with the largest amount of cum she had ever seen - - even more than the time her cousin Hank and his three friends had all shot their loads over her tits.
"Oh my God, Daddy!" she laughed. "There's so much!"
"Open your mouth, baby," he said, aiming his prick higher and unloading another half dozen spurts - - each as thick as the first - - over her face, lips and her tongue, glazing her gorgeous features in spunk.
Sheree swallowed reflexively - - not something she often did with her lovers - - but one taste was all she needed before leaning down and clamping her lips over the still spurting cock of her father. "Mmmmllllpppp - - tastes - - mmmmm - - so good," she mumbled as the last of his load spilled into her mouth and down her throat.
As he sat back, his cock slipping from her mouth, Sheree took her tits in her hand and held them up, licking them clean as he watched, before she used her fingers to scoop up the jizz from her face and into her mouth.
"You ever made it with another girl, Sheree?" he asked her.
"A few times," Sheree said. "Why? You want a threesome with me and one of my friends, Daddy?"
"I was thinking more of you and your Momma," he said.
Sheree looked at him and smiled.