A digital message flashes above the elevator door.
 _1ST FLOOR. RAVENWOOD ACADEMY._
The elevator shaft halts it ascent as I hear mechanical wheels rotate and lock. I let out a loud sigh of excitement. I purposely did not watch any reviews or research any tips. I want the satisfaction of defeating all 13 floors of this virtual reality game.
Here we go.
The polished steel doors of the elevator depart, revealing a quiet hallway of what looks to be a school. The corridor has an arched ceiling which is outlined by darkwood with cream colored walls. There are trophies encased in glass shelves and portraits of what seem to be headmasters outlined with golden frames. A banner that read, "Go Ravens!" hangs loosely at the end of the hall.
This must be a private high school. A very wealthy one.
I step out of the elevator and hear the click clack of stilettos. Looking down at myself, I watch in awe as the clothes I am wearing pixelate into a uniform. Black stilettos, thigh high stockings, a navy mini skirt, and a white button up. I glide my hands over the curves of my new busty physique and a warm sensation rises within me as the softness of the fabric brushes against my nipples.
The game developers must enjoy schoolgirl themed hentai.
I roll my eyes at the thought. Who am I to judge? I made sure my starting character had voluptuous breasts and a perky rump. I had rolled shit on my stats, but I don't know how much that matters since I couldn't access them. I didn't find a Menu or Settings selection in this VR game.
A bell pings in the distance as doors swing open. Students flood the hallway, chatting, laughing, and carrying on. There are multiple NPCs - jocks, cheerleaders, geeks, intro and extroverts - all mixed together with their pristine uniforms. It must've been the last bell of the day as no one seems in a rush to be somewhere.
It doesn't look like there are teachers here, that's strange -
I gasp in surprise as a blunt force knocks me to my hands and knees from behind. [HP:3]
3 HP? So my health is higher than 3. How much damage did that hit do or am I just a very low level?
"Steve! Watch where you're going!" I hear a girl shout. I struggle to regain my footing in my heels, much like a newborn fawn. "I'm sorry Evie," says a deep masculine voice.
Evie. Okay, clever way for the game to tell me my name.
Two hands firmly grip my slender waist and I feel my abs tighten at the unexpected touch. As I turn to look, I see a tall muscular jock wearing a rugby jacket over his uniform who's yanking me to my feet with ease. This must be Steve.
Alright, _Evie_. Time to roleplay your part and get some answers on how this game works.
"It's okay, you hit like a bitch," I say jokingly and turn to view the group. There's two girls beside him with skirts as short as mine, but their shirts are half tucked in with their cleavage showing. One has emerald eyes and yellow curls that stop by her shoulders, the other has auburn eyes and black hair that flows down her back.
This must be the cool crowd.
Steve's brown eyes settle on me, expressionless. He's handsome with a sharp jawline and a crewcut. He pauses before responding, as if his comeback to my comment is loading.
Do they have dialogue trees? Nice! This VR game has roleplay elements.
"You're so witty, Evie. Are you still coming to practice later?" a dark glint flashes in his eyes as he smiles widely at me. Perfect teeth.
"Uhm. Yes! Is that where I'm going to learn the ropes?"
That must be the tutorial. Brilliant.
The girl with the green eyes cheerfully pipes up, "Evie, don't forget to get your cell phone from Professor Magnus' class or you won't get it back until after the weekend!" She lets out a giggle and shifts her weight to one leg - I notice her breasts bounce ever so subtly in her blouse. The other girl points up the hallway to the last room on the right, "I think you can catch the Professor before he leaves, he has extended hours on Friday. We'll see you later!"
As I look back from where she was pointing, I noticed that all three of them began walking away in separate directions. There was no need to follow them, obviously the tutorial began in that room.
Walking down the hallway, I hug the wall as I familiarize myself with the height of my shoes. It's been awhile since I've worn them, and I really like how they make my calves look.
By the time I made it to the right door, the hallway had quieted down as the crowd emptied out. Only a few students are left.
The wooden door is windowless and labeled with a golden plate.
ROOM 101. PROFESSOR MAGNUS.
The door is heavy so I have to use what body weight this character has as leverage. I turn the knob and lunge into it, swinging it open as I manage to catch myself and avoid another fall. I only have 3 HP, and I don't want to die on level 1.
A young professor, maybe in his 30's to late 40's is sitting at his desk with his back facing a row of windows. He has red curly short hair and his toned muscles cleanly line his dress shirt. My abrupt entrance catches the Professor's attention, and I see his piercing blue gaze raise from papers he's flipping through to meet mine. "Ah, Miss Croft. To what do I owe the pleasure?" the last word drips off his sultry voice.
"I.. I'm here to get my-"
"Your exam. Yes, come in and have a seat," he motions to a chair beside his desk. I am confused by this, as I thought the one girl had mentioned I needed to retrieve a cell phone, not an exam. "Preferably with haste, Miss Croft. I have papers to grade. Places to be," he says with slight annoyance.
"Yes, I apologize." I'll ask about the phone later. Need to get in the room first.
I slowly make my way to sit where he gestured, the heavy door closing behind me. As I seat myself, the coldness of the chair's steel sends shivers from my thighs up to my bare rear - Am I wearing a thong?
This game seems very sexual.
Professor Magnus' eyes flicker over my body and I hear him scoff under his breath. "Your uniform is a disgrace, Miss Croft. I should write you up for its mere condition." I blush in embarrassment, tugging at the edges of the skirt to cover more of my lap. "However, there are other ways to punish you." He shuffles through the stack of papers on his desk, no doubt searching for mine.
I shoot him a glare. Even though I am not this "Evie," I am offended by his words.
In the corner of my eyes, I catch a glimpse of a cell phone at the corner of his desk. It's just out of reach.
That must be the quest item! I'll just grab it and skip any dialogue left in the encounter.
I jump from my seat towards the edge of the desk, grabbing the phone.
 _ITEM EQUIPPED: CELL PHONE._
Suddenly there's a tight grip on my forearms as I am jerked onto my back against the desk. [HP:2] "Do you spoiled brats really think there are no consequences for your actions?" he growls, pinning my arms above my head.
"I'm sorry Professor Magnus I-," Goosebumps raise over my skin as I'm trapped by him.
Holy shit this is some sophisticated AI in this game.
 _ITEM UNEQUIPPED: CELL PHONE._
I can feel the heat emanating from his front as he leans down, hovering until our faces are an inch apart. "Silence. You want your precious phone? You will be quiet. One word and I will not be forgiving. Nod if you understand." I press my thighs together as I feel slightly aroused by the situation and attempt to suppress it.
I don't know what will happen when my HP runs out and I need that phone to progress.
I nod.
"Hm.. Good girl." A demonic smirk dances on a corner of his lips. He glides his hands up my forearms to my wrists, placing them against each other so he can hold them with one hand. He begins to unknot his necktie. I furrow my brow, puzzled at what he was doing.
You can't do sexual things in this game, can you? I should've took the time to read a review.
"Prof-"
I gasp as he immediately clenches my throat tightly. I push my wrists against the hand trapping them as he squeezes harder.
A hologram flashes in the air before me.
 _DO YOU RESIST? YES. NO._ [STR: 1] [HP: 2]
I mouth the word, 'Yes.'
PROFESSOR MAGNUS. [STR: 3] [HP: 3]
 _YOU LOSE._ [HP: 1]
A feeling of exhaustion washes over me. Without further interruption, the Professor undoes his necktie and moves my hands down and behind my back. He lightly presses his front against mine as he quickly binds my wrists behind me. My nipples harden as I can feel the muscles of his chest through his shirt.
He leans back to admire his work and I can see the smug look he has on his face.
I whimper quietly, tugging at the bind. What happens when I run out of HP?
Then I feel a knee push between my slender legs, knocking them apart as he forces himself between them. His large hands graze over my thighs and hold them gently. Slowly, he slides me down the desk until I am straddling his hips. He shifts his weight and I can feel his erection rub teasingly against my soft entrance.
I let out a very muffled whine as I try to inch myself up the desk, but his tense grip denies any give.
"If I don't teach you consequences, how will that look for the Academy? Hmm.." he ponders out loud, knowing I won't say another word at this point.
His right hand travels up my side, barely touching the fabric of my blouse as it makes its way to my upper body. I inhale sharply as the pads of his fingertips freely roam around my breasts. His digits pay extra attention to my nipples, giving them a light pinch and tug until he could see them pronounced in my shirt. I squirm beneath him, biting my lower lip as I expel an involuntary moan. [STA:4]
Oh no. Stamina? What is that-
I watch his other hand disappear underneath my skirt. The Professor leans his muscular body over until his face is barely touching mine, blocking my view. He presses his thumb firmly against my clit and the wetness forming beneath my thong eagerly greets his finger. I gasp weakly in response, unsure if it's from embarassment or arousal.
"Very responsive, Miss Croft," he whispers, moving his hips forward so his bulge is gently rocking between my soft lips. I feel the fabric of my thong dampen against his erection as my body invites him without asking my mind for its opinion. "You misbehave so often and act so tough in class. I didn't take you to be this sensitive.." His thumb begins soft rotations on my clit. I hold my breath, fighting back another moan.
The Professor's facial expression changes to surprise as he notices how slick I've become from his motions. "Well now.." he hooks my thong to the side and exposes my dripping pussy to the cool air, sending a chill down my back.
Two fingers glide between my legs, spreading my juices from my clit down to my perky hole. I whimper lowly for more as I jerk my hips against his hand, unable to control myself. The Professor notices my reaction and plunges both fingers inside, forcing my walls to make room. I gasp at the sudden intrusion, feeling them slowly move back and forth, arousing my petals to drip more honey. I throw my head back against the desk and whimper for more. I want to be filled. [STA:3]
I straddle my legs farther apart to give him more access, submitting myself to his touch. Without hesitation, he forces his fingers roughly into me and quickens his pace, pushing so deep that his palm makes a smacking sound against my wet pussy.
I arch my back and moan loudly, enjoying the feeling of him man handling me. My gaze looks back to the door. He chuckles, knowing my thought, "Sound proof, my dear." The Professor changes his piston movements to a steady speed, and I can feel myself rock on his hand. I'm going to cum in this game!
"S-stop you're-"
"Are you..talking Miss Croft? I could've sworn I just heard you speak.." he retracts his fingers, shaking my juices off his hand as he smiles at me. "What was our agreement? That you wouldn't speak..? Hmm.." he watches my expression. I curl my lips together and nod, whimpering.
I need that phone, but I want to climax. It feels so real.
"You're learning.. Good girl," he says approvingly as he undoes the front of his dress pants to pull out his massive erection. I stare at him in shock.
Is this going to really happen? What is this game?
He greedily gropes my round breasts inside my shirt as I let out a yelp. Snickering, he positions the head against at my entrance and pauses to look at me with a satisfied grin.
"I see that you're learning consequences very quickly, my dear. Should we be done with today's lesson?" he says, rolling up my skirt to view his work.
I nod and sigh with relief. I don't want my stamina to run out, but I am so turned on and I don't want to sto-
He shoves his full length inside of me and pauses, enjoying the feeling of my walls squeeze around him. He lets out a low groan as he rubs his hips into mine, grinding his pelvis against my cunt until his cock was fully sheathed. I let out a shriek at the sudden burst of pleasure, feeling him satisfy my throbbing pussy. The Professor gently massages my breasts in circular motions. He leans down beside my face and nibbles on my ear, breathing hot breath into it.
"You do not get to decide when the lesson is complete," he whispers, pressing his lips against my ear and then biting it. His hips rhythmically rock against me, lifting my ass off the desk and then back down with each thrust.
My orbs bounce in his hands as he holds me down and thrusts into me with ease. I give in, moaning loudly for more as my body reaches its orgasm, dripping honey from my lips as the Professor continues to slam into me relentlessly. [STA:2]
Whatever type of virtual reality game this was didn't matter, I could feel myself getting fucked and it felt amazing.
Suddenly, the Professor pulls out and yanks me up to my feet by my shirt. I stumble trying to catch my footing in my heels, finding it to be a challenge as my body is pulsing with pleasure from the encounter.
He spins me around and shoves my front against one of the large bay windows, his muscular frame applying pressure against my back. With the side of my face pressed against the window, I look down and see groups of students hanging out in the courtyard.
If they look up, they will be able to see us!
The Professor cracks open one of the windows and I can hear distant conversations.
If I make a noise, they will definitely see us!
He drags his tongue up the slide of my neck, tasting me. "So I see you now realize the risk of not being quiet.." he whispers as I shudder. The Professor stifles a chortle as he skillfully unbuttons my blouse and kneads his hands all over my bare front, leaving nothing unexplored as he touches what's his.
I feel one of his hands wander down and part my folds, freshly tender to the touch. He pushes his pelvis against me, ruffling the skirt as he drags his full length against them. "I could fuck you all day," he says a little louder than a whisper. I bit my lower lip to restrain any vocal response I might emit, not wanting to draw attention to us. Luckily, no one reacts below.
The risk of us being spotted arouses me and I can feel myself ache to be filled with his cock again. Noticing my expression, the Professor teasingly prods the head inside. I wince and look at him with pleading eyes, but manage not to moan. I am soaked and it is taking everything I have to control myself.
And then it occurs to me. I know how to beat him.
After realizing he wasn't going to get a sound from me, he eagerly pushes his length inside until the stem slams against my entrance. My eyes roll back as my pussy clenches around his size, trying to stop him. The professor lets out a low grunt at this, and I swear I saw one of the students look towards our direction.
I squirm trying to undo the binds at my wrist, but find my effort futile as all I manage to do is roll him around inside of me. I can feel my face flush red as I can feel an uncontrolable orgasm building again.
Snickering, the Professor audibly slaps my ass and mounts himself against me until I am completely trapped between the glass and his chiseled body.
He hooks his arms under my knees and props me up higher on the window, my black pumps dangling in the air. Dropping his arms slightly, gravity takes hold and lowers me down his hard length, letting him go deeper than before.
I groan as I am forced to make room for him, the angle of his thrusts massaging my G spot skillfully.
"Did you hear that?" "What was that?" voices from the courtyard.
Oh fuck.
I freeze, panicking as students below look around. They haven't thought to look up. This is just a game but I can't handle the embarass-
The Professor quickens his pace at this, almost turned on by how close that was. He begins roughly slamming into my throbbing cunt. [STA:1]The slapping sounds that were coming from my wetness made me blush. My nipples were stiff against the cold window and it felt so soothing as I was hot from our friction.
CRITICAL EXHAUSTION. REST IMMEDIATELY. [STA:1]
I felt powerless, pleasure, and embarrassment all at once. The Professor stops from his thrusts, leaving his hard shaft sheathed, almost aware of how I felt. He slips a hand over my clit, not applying pressure or moving.
I grind my hips towards his hand, quietly whimpering as I want to climax. The feeling of him invading me drove me insane.
"Ask nicely, Miss Croft." he said matter of factly.
The students may have heard outside, but it wasn't a sound that sparks curiosity so they didn't care.
"P-please.." I mouth to him silently.
"Please what."
"Ppp-please Professor." I whine, chewing my lower lip.
He swiftly pistons himself inside my pussy with finesse. I feel my body going numb with ecstasy. I am going to lose the last of my stamina and I didn't care. His hand roughly handles my clit, pinching and rubbing it mercilessly. I try to but can't stifle the moans that rapidly escape from my lips, coming out with each wave of pleasure that washes over me.
The Professor starts ramming his hips into me, watching my ass bounce with each drive. I can hear the wet slapping sounds of my appreciation above the sound of my moans. He purposefully makes sure it's loud as he forces me down to the stem each time. Then I realize - that's all I can hear. Did the students outside leave?
No. They're still in the courtyard, but they're silent and still. Are they listening?
The Professor lets out a deep groan and I feel his chest rumble against my backside. The idea of a barely clothed, entitled schoolgirl that's dripping for his cock, excites him. He abruptly stops his thrusts and slams himself to the hilt, into my throbbing pussy. I can feel his hardness roll around my wetness as he begins to grind himself in my entrance.
He continues to ram into my G spot and I can feel myself ready to peak as my whole body stiffens, my pussy tightening on his hard cock.
"Please fuck me, Professor _MAG-!_ " I shout but am quickly met with a large hand around my mouth, his other hand grabbing a fistful of my hair and yanking my head back. He presses his lips to my ear, ready to whisper a harsh discipline but is interrupted by an uncontrollable groan, - the chance of publicly humiliating her to the entire courtyard sends him over the edge. The Professor savagely works himself inside of me, abusing my G spot to his delight as he feels me wildly squirm between his body and the window.
He releases his hot warmth inside of me and I moan loudly, some of the sound escaping through his fingers. He continues pumping to spread his massive load over what is his. I feel myself join him as I came hard, feeling his cock actually pulse with each release. I've never felt this before - what type of game is this?  
 _YOU WIN. PROFESSOR MAGNUS IS FATIGUED._
 _PROFESSOR MAGNUS._ [STA:0]
 _STAMINA AND HEALTH REGENERATED._ [STA:4 ] [HP: 5]
What the..? Because he ran out of stamina first? Is this the game's combat system?
The Professor slumps against me as he releases his grip on me. He slowly pulls out and watches our juices trickle down my thighs, my body shivering as cold air brushes against it. "I expect you to be this well disciplined in class, Miss Croft. Do I make myself clear?" he adjusts his clothing back to a respectable condition, untying my hands in the process.
Without waiting for a reply, he returns to his desk and begins picking up papers that had fallen during the encounter. Catching my breath, I use the window as leverage to steady myself in those heels. I slowly adjust my uniform, buttoning my blouse to contain my perky mounds and straightening my skirt on my hips.
The Professor had placed the cell phone at the edge of his desk during his clean up. Hesitantly, I very carefully go to take it, ready to jump out of the way if he lunges at me.
He does not react to me at all, but merely hums something under his breath as begins grading papers.
 _ITEM EQUIPPED: CELL PHONE._
The purple casing on the cell phone looks familiar now that I'm really inspecting it, but from where?
"Save it for outside the classroom, Miss Croft." The Professor motions with his hand towards the exit.
Does he really want me to walk outside in this condition?
"Perhaps you should visit the lockeroom, located in the South wing, before going to any after school commitments you have."