Tina was still hurting badly, despite she and Mike deciding that they were in love and were going to fight for the right to be so. The next day at school, she practically snapped when someone said her name, but quieted when she realized she was being approached by Becky and Brittany from the Cheerios. Becky and Brittany were probably two of the few harmless people left at McKinley High School – Becky was a very sweet girl with Down Syndrome, who seemed to have softened the heart of the insane cheerleading coach, Sue Sylvester and Brittany Pierce was kind of different, a spacey blonde with the mentality of a very young child, but she was harmless.

“Hi,” she said awkwardly. “What’s up?”

“We heard that you got in trouble,” Becky said, looking up. “You got in trouble for something about a slave.”

Tina blushed and turned away from the girls. Just because they were innocent enough didn’t mean that the rumor mill didn’t hurt. “I really don’t want to talk about this,” she said gently.

“How’d you get in trouble?” Brittany asked with a vacant look on her face.

“She fell in love with a slave,” Becky supplied. “Coach told me.”

Brittany tilted her head and looked at Tina. “Quinn has a slave,” she said. “His name is Sam and he’s really pretty, but I think that her first slave was cuter.”

“Lucky Coach bought him.”

Becky’s words caught Tina’s attention. “Wait, Coach Sylvester bought Quinn’s old slave?” She vaguely remembered Quinn having a slave, long before she had even thought about ownership. He was a tall, awkward and lanky boy, with sweet eyes.

Becky shrugged. “I’ve never seen him.”

This made Tina think. Becky Jackson was always at Coach Sylvester’s side and yet she had never seen her slave. This didn’t make sense.

Brittany looked at Tina, deeply. There was a clarity and coherence in her eyes and in her voice that Tina had never seen before. “Tina,” Brittany said softly. “You should go talk to Coach Sylvester today about Finn. We don’t have Cheerios practice today, so she should be able to talk to you. She knows how you’re supposed to treat a slave.”

Tina was shocked by the clarity in Brittany. She had never seen anything like it before. She had always assumed that Brittany was just a little bit slow, a little bit behind her peers. Tina nodded, watching as the pair of cheerleaders walked away, leaving her very confused.

By the time that day was done, she decided to see Coach Sylvester. It was probably a very dumb idea, given the amount of scrutiny that Tina was receiving for her recent actions, but the change in Brittany had cemented a real curiosity in her. She walked into the woman’s office, to find Coach Sylvester sitting behind her desk, wearing hr trademark blue tracksuit and smiling, thoughtfully to herself.

“Tina Cohen-Chang,” she said, without looking up. “Lock the door behind you, will you? I was expecting you.”

She paused. Expecting her? “How did yo-“

The woman looked up and cut her off with a wave of her hand. “Sit down, gothic Barbie,” she said. “I have my ways. I asked Brittany and Becky to bring you to me and they did. I swear, even though Blondie’s faking the stupid act, Becky’s really the brains of that operation, but I need both of those girls to get me anywhere.”

“Brittany’s faking her-“

“Obviously,” Sue said quickly. “So, it seems that you have a little problem. Heart’s going pitter-patter for a slave boy. It would be romantic, if I had the heart or stomach for something so nauseating.”

Tina was so confused, her head was spinning. She was trying to process all of the information that she was given but it all came at once and was just so – so frustrating. “What happened to Quinn’s old slave?” she asked, deciding that was the question that she came to ask, and hopefully that was the question that would start to bring the answers.

“Well,” Sue said, looking up and smiling, a dark smile that kind of scared Tina. “His name was Finn Hudson. Biggest dolt ever but his mother wanted him saved from slavery. See, she wasn’t a slave. Slave laws have been quite sketchy for the last couple of years. Slaves have obviously been taken from conquered countries and territories, but there was a demand for the home grown – so loopholes have been added to take the poor, the mentally handicapped, the unable to take care of themselves into slavery. Son of a single mother barely making ends meet, it was bound to happen sooner or later.”

Tina frowned, trying to take that in. She had never really thought of how slaves were made slaves, because well, she was taught not to.

“I took pity on the woman and bought him from the Fabrays. It was easy enough to convince Quinny that she was bored with him. I arranged an unfortunate accident for the boy and I then used my contacts and the skills that only Sue Sylvester possesses to have him relocated to the UK. I am imagining that he and his mother are frolicking happily like stupid bunnies, somewhere, but honestly, I have no idea.”

“You freed him…are you like a…”

Sue rolled her eyes at Tina’s words. “I have to admit that I may have allowed that one too close to home,” she said, “but yes, I am. He’s not the only slave I’ve brought to their happy-go-lucky freedom.”

Tina shook her head, “but why? You’re –“ She closed her mouth, not wanting to say any of the words that came to mine: evil, scary, slightly deranged, Sue Sylvester.

“Unexpected,” Sue said. “Nobody ever would suspect that the outspoken pro-order Sue Sylvester was freeing the little runaways.”

Tina was confused. “But…why?” she asked.

“Coaching hopeless cheerleaders gets boring after awhile,” Sue said, with a smirk. “So I decided to fight injustice.”

Tina was incredibly confused.

“Never mind my motives,” Sue said sternly. “I can help you and your Asian prince charming if you’re willing, but we will have to move fast.”

“What-“

“I have the contacts to get you both moved across the ocean before anyone realizes you vanished,” she said. “Unfortunately, this would also probably involve a faked suicide. How very Romeo and Juliet, right? Cliched, but you seem the type for something clichéd and dramatic, Miss High School Goth.”

Tina gaped a little.

Sue just smirked. “I need you to get back to me by Monday. I’ll send a note for you in Schuester’s class.”