The Advent of the White Mini-Skirt
byLeggoMyEars©

Christy knew all too well that her love, Dusty, loved exhibitionism. One day she was shopping for a new skirt when she spotted a semi sheer white cotton skirt that was short enough that if she sat directly across from anyone, they would have a clear view up her skirt. She modeled it for Dusty later that day. He was pleased with her choice naturally!

That weekend Christy lost a bet with Dusty and the consequence of losing that bet was that she had to do whatever Dusty wanted for a week. Of course they decided on a "Safe Word" just in case Dusty went too far, which he might well do! 

Dusty and Christy loved exhibitionism and had regularly "Accidentally Flashed" people and even had oral sex where others could see them. At home, they were regularly nude around the yard and house. Family, friends, and neighbors knew to call before just coming over because of this. Dusty and Christy had both been caught nude on several occasions.

Since Dusty had won the bet he thought about what to do for a while and finally came up with a plan.

Christy was very good at accidental flashing but he wanted more! That next Saturday Dusty told Christy to follow him to the shower. Once in the shower they washed each other, kissed for an obscene amount of time and fondled each other. Christy was also what she called "A Cumaholic". She simply needed cum in her mouth every day or as often as Dusty could generate it. Dusty had no complaints about this addiction of Christy's! What man would?

Christy turned Dusty around in the shower so she could sit on the built in seat and sat down pulling him towards her. She wasted no time inhaling his thick cock and working her fantastic throat muscles around it. In short order, Dusty was blasting his load of warm semen into Christy's mouth. As usual, she swallowed nearly all of his cum except a little that dribbled down from the corner of her mouth. She smiled up at Dusty as he bent to kiss her. He licked up the cum on her face and kissed her with it, giving it back to her in a passionate kiss. This practice had become standard for them over the years and sometimes Dusty wondered if she purposely let some cum dribble out just because she loved cum kisses so much!

They got out of the shower and toweled off. Dusty told Christy to "lay on the bed naked now", which she did. Soon he came in with a bowl of water, shaving cream, a pair of scissors, and a new razor. Christy knew what this was for and just smiled at him. She spread her legs as he got situated between them.

Starting with a short trim with the scissors, Dusty trimmed off all the longer hair from Christy's pussy and mound. Then he lathered her up from the top down and started shaving everything except the strip. Her entire pussy and around her ass was clean shaven leaving only the small strip above her pussy.

He rinsed her off with a wash cloth and dried her with a hand towel. She looked very sexy like this he thought! 

Dusty knew that whatever type or color of panties she wore with the new white skirt would show thru too much so he told Christy to pick a low cut blouse from her collection and put on the skirt with no panties and no bra at all.

Christy retreated to the closet and got dressed, as asked, and soon appeared in all her beauty! She looked extremely sexy in this outfit! She had chosen a fairly sheer white top as well and her aureoles were visible through the material if you looked close. She had a rose tattoo on her boob as well which was clearly visible, drawing attention to the fact she was bra-less.

"Wow!" Dusty exclaimed. "You are hot baby!"

"Why Thank You Sir!", Christy replied.

"Now we need to go shopping again", Dusty said.

"Where?"

"You need some new high heels to go with that outfit, I believe," he said.

On the way, Christy asked Dusty "where they were going to shop for shoes."

"Wherever I choose", he said indignantly. Christy played along but wondered at the same time.

Soon they arrived at a nice, upscale shoe store not too far away. Dusty open the door for Christy, which he always did, and in they walked. Christy was wearing some sandals she loved to wear at the time. They walked around looking at high heals and soon a young man approached wearing a tie and asked, "May I help you?" Christy had picked out several styles she liked and the young man ushered her and the shoes to the seating area where they fitted shoes for customers. All of the sudden it dawned on Christy exactly what Dusty had been up to! He knew she couldn't possibly have shoes fitted in that skirt without the salesman being able to see right up it to her pussy!

Christy gave Dusty a look of torture and a smile came over both their faces at the same time. Dusty sat across from Christy in another row of fitting chairs. The salesman had returned with the gauge they use to fit shoes properly and scooted up to Christy on one of those little stools they sit on. Christy was trying to be modest but as the young man lifted her foot to remove a sandal, he definitely looked up her skirt.

He thought he saw her pussy but he wasn't sure yet. He then lifted her other foot to remove the other sandal from her foot. Yep! He was sure she was nude under the skirt. He could see Christy's rather pronounced inner lips as he held her leg. Christy knew this too! She could easily see where he was looking. She smiled at Dusty and mouthed "I'm gonna kill you!" at him.

Dusty knew she was having a blast and stuck his tongue out at her. She smiled again. The young salesman said, "I have to go to the storeroom and get these in the right size madam. I will be right back.

Away he flew to the back. When he arrived back with the shoes, Christy could see a wet spot on the young man's slacks where he had obviously been leaking a little. He sat down again and Lifted Christy's left foot to slip the red high heel shoe on. Christy, enjoying this, leaned her left leg to the left a little so the young man would be sure to get an unobstructed view of her newly shaven pussy. 

As the salesman looked up Christy's skirt he could see her lips were wet and parted enough that he could also see a pearl of wetness collecting at the bottom of her slit! His hands were shaking as he slipped on the other shoe.

He asked Christy to "stand up and see how they feel".

Christy stood and walked around in them. "They feel great!" she said. "I think I'll takes them!"

"Great! Will that be all?" the salesman asked. 

"Do you want to wear them now, or do you want your sandals to wear home?" Christy said, "I'd like to wear my sandals for now, they are broken in and comfy!"

"Here, let me help you then." The salesman offered. He looked for her sandals until Dusty tossed them to him with a smile. You see, Dusty knew the salesman just wanted another up-skirt peek at Christy! 

Christy sat back down and the salesman moved up to her on his stool. He lifted one leg and removed her new shoe, of course, Christy made sure he got a clear view of what he wanted to see! Then the other leg. Same result. Christy enjoyed this game a lot! "I guess I'll be buying lot's of new shoes from now on", she thought.

Dusty paid the salesman and he and Christy made their way out. They got in the car without so much as a word. As they drove, Dusty said, "You know what?"

"Um...You Love Me?" Christy replied.

"Yes my love, but I was just going to make you another bet!"

Christy said, "What kind of bet?"

"I'd bet you right now that the poor young salesman is in that stock room pulling on his cock right now!"

They laughed and drove to dinner but Dusty did insist that Christy also wear the new High Heels to dinner!

That's yet another story!
