Karen and Michelle's Sad Story Part 1 Chapter 24
By Redlegtiger
Redlegtiger@hotmail.com
My Blog URL:
http://blog.myspace.com/redlegtiger


Please remember that this is fantasy and anyone thinking that they should do these things in real life, deserve to be locked up and have the key thrown away and play sissy slut to their cell mate for eternity.  If you are not at least 18 years of age please leave.


Chapter 24, Doggyslut the Huntress


At five thirty in the morning, a little over two and a half hours after she went to sleep, Mistress Tyree was shaking doggyslut awake with her foot.  As doggyslut started to wake up, it took a while for her to figure out where she was.  Karen took this opportunity to try to take control and Doggyslut/Karen was frozen in place while the battle went on.  Mistress Tyree pushed her foot harder into doggysluts tit and it hurt a bit.  Doggyslut relished the pain and it gave her the strength to gain control over Karen.  This bothered doggyslut some.  Karen had not tried to gain back control like this before.  She started to worry that she might be fighting back for control.  She would have to be wary.  She finally struggled up into her slaves position and asked, What is your pleasure Mistress?

Mistress Tyree said, I need relief and then we need to get going.  Its time to take dipshit hunting.

Doggyslut moved and placed her mouth over Mistress Tyrees cunt and soon had a stream of piss filling her mouth.  She swallowed over and over not spilling a drop.  When the last stream of piss came out, Mistress Tyree ordered, Take me over to the closet and help me get dressed.  Then well go see to dipshit.  Im sure that well need to wake her up.  I doubt that its been too long since they finished with her.

Doggyslut took Mistress to the closet and helped her get dressed.  Once she was dressed, she wheeled her out to the dungeon.  They went over to dipshit, who was leaning over a table with her tits mashed into the hard surface.  Her wrists were shackled to the legs on one side with her head hanging down over the edge.  The table was just wide enough that her hips hung down over the other edge.  Her legs were shackled to the legs on the other side of the table as well.  Dried cum and blood was crusted on her ass with a little still oozing out of her ass hole.  A crusted layer of cum also covered the area around her cunt and her mouth.  It looked as if a hundred men had cum in her; so much was still streaming out and dripping on the ground.  

Doggyslut went over to a cabinet that Mistress Tyree had directed her to.  She found a selection of vials of different drugs.  She selected the vial that her mistress requested and selected a needle and syringe.  She filled the syringe with the contents of the vial and then injected it into dipshits ass cheeks.

Doggyslut disconnected the shackles from her ankles and wrists.  She shook dipshit but only got a moan.  She tried again but got the same response.  She went and pinched her raw asshole where the burns were and she finally got a response.  Doggyslut let go and went around to dipshits face and said, Time to get up bitch.  You know that the punishment is over.  We just have to take you where you will be freed from all of this.  Come on now.  She grabbed hold of dipshits arms and started pulling her over the table.  As she pulled, splinters stabbed into her hurt and bleeding tits.  Finally doggyslut pulled her off of the table and dipshit collapsed to the ground.  Dipshit just curled up into the fetal position, crying silent tears from the pain.  Doggyslut turned her over on her back, looked at Mistress Tyree and asked, May I use the bitch for relieve before we go Mistress?

Mistress Tyree gave her permission.  Doggyslut squatted over dipshits face and pissed in her mouth.  She then moved and took a shit, making sure to spread it all over her face as she did.  Dipshit had no choice but to eat it or suffocate.  When she was done she leaned over dipshits face and said in a whisper. I know you hurt now but it will soon be all over.  You wont have to suffer anymore.  Now show your mistress what youre made of so she doesnt think of you as a weak little dipshit.  Show her what you are made of Dipti.

The use of her real name for the first time in months made dipshit open her eyes.  She looked at doggyslut who had brought her so much pain, but who she knew had no choice in the matter.  She shook her head and reached up and grabbed her around the neck and tried to pull herself up.  Doggyslut knew that she was very weak from all of the abuse so she helped lift her up as she tried.  Finally they were both standing and doggyslut said, We are going to go through those double doors and down a long tunnel.  It is the only way for us to get you where you need to be.  I have to push mistress so youll have to walk yourself.  Do you think you can?

Dipshit shook her head yes and doggyslut let her go.  She was a bit unstable on her feet and then took a tentative step toward the door.  She was quite a sight with bruises all over her body.  There were blue and black stripes across a lot of her body from whippings she had received, some of which had dried blood that had oozed out.  She walked with her legs apart because of the pain in her cunt and ass.  It didnt relieve all of the pain, but it helped some.  It was obvious that she was in severe pain as she slowly walked to the doors.  Doggyslut pushed Mistress Tyree along behind her.  

As they were going along the corridor, doggyslut kept hearing a tapping sound as dipshit was walking.  She suddenly realized that they had not taken the thumbtacks out of dipshits feet.  As she continued to push Mistress Tyree down the long dark corridor she said, Mistress, I just remembered that dipshit still has the tacks in her feet.  Should we stop and remove them or just leave them in?

Mistress Tyree whispered quietly, Leave them in until we release her for the hunt.  You can tell her that when she is released to run she can stop to take them out whenever she wants.  I think a little pain is good for the bitch.  Let her suffer these final hours.

It took them twice as long as when doggyslut entered because of how slow dipshit was walking.  It was obvious that she was in a lot of pain as she walked.  Doggyslut smiled to herself about how she had really taught the bitch a lesson for attacking her mistress.  She hoped that she would be terrified at what was planned for her ultimate demise.

They finally made it to the parking barn at the entrance.  When they got there, they noticed that Master Keplar was there as well as Masters Darrell, John, Nancy, Lynn and the Judge that had resided over doggysluts case.  

Darrell spoke up, We thought you were never going to make it.  We were about to send a search party in after you.  Mistress Tyree, if you and doggyslut will get in to the limousine well take care of dipshit and prepare her for the ride.  Doggyslut grinned at the memory of her ride out to the hunt.  She knew that she held the record for trying to escape there.  Once they were in the Limo, she asked Mistress, Did dipshit ever go through the hunt like I did Mistress?

Mistress Tyree sighed and said, No, she was scheduled to go next week.  I think that could have prevented all of this dont you?

Doggyslut answered, Yes mistress.  It really lets you know what will happen to you if you do anything like what she did to you.  I am sure that if she had gone thru that, she wouldnt have tried to kill you.  If you dont mind me asking, why hadnt you sent her out earlier?

Mistress Tyree paused in thought and then as if making a decision said, I grew up with parents who were members of this group.  They enjoyed themselves thoroughly with everything the group offered them but they wanted me to decide for myself.  They never forced me to participate, but they taught me all about everything and made me swear to keep the secret.  I decided when I was young that I wanted to try to live a normal life.  I did it successfully for years, but the urge was just something that I couldnt deny.  That is when I decided to get dipshit.  I applied for entry into the group about the same time that you came to my home for your first session with dipshit.  It was really a formality for me to be a part of the group.  My parents had seen to that.  What normally takes months of background checks and monitoring to ensure admission, only took a week for me.  Once my application was approved, I immediately scheduled the hunt for her.  Unfortunately the first available time was next week.  If I had already been a member, this would have been done a long time ago after I brought her home from India.

Mistress Tyree finished her tale just as Darrell, John and Nancy got in the limo with them.  While they drove the four hours to the release point for the hunt, they all talked about how exciting the punishment session was.  Doggyslut heard them talk about how disappointing the hunt usually was after the punishment, but that it was necessary to keep the slaves in line.  John especially went on about how proud he was of Darrell for making Karen into such an obedient slave.  No other master had been able to make a new slave as obedient as doggyslut was in less than six months.  Darrell theorized correctly that it was turning her parents against her so completely and then replacing her in the family with someone who she despised and who had taken part in her degradation that had been the final straw that created doggyslut.


All during the drive Karen was thinking about all that had happened in the past month.  She was disgusted with herself at what she had been forced to do and she especially hated her parents for not just abandoning her but for actually participating in her abuse.  She couldnt understand how they could ever do that to someone that they supposedly loved.  She knew that she could never do anything like that to her child.  A child should be protected from abuse of any kind.  And to force your child to marry her rapist and then participate in her sexual and physical abuse at the hands of others was criminal.  She knew that if she ever had the chance she would exact revenge on them.  Doggyslut had shown her one thing.  That was that she could physically punish someone severely and not feel bad about it.  She knew that she had to keep trying to break through and gain control.  If she was ever to have a normal life again, she would have to.  And if she did, she would have to be able to act like doggyslut in order to fool her master until the time was right.  She decided then that she would pay strict attention to doggyslut and how she behaved and learn everything she could about being a good slave.  That way when she took over, she would be able to hide it.

Doggyslut just sat quietly during the ride enjoying the praise that was given to her about her method of punishing dipshit.  About half way to the hunting site, she was shaken out of her quiet reverie by John asking, Doggyslut, do you have anything special planned for the hunt?

Doggyslut answered, Dipshit thinks that she will be freed today.  I think that the best thing to really play with her psychologically would be to treat it as if she was being freed.  One of you would tell her that we both are being freed and that I will show her the way.  I will retrace the path that I took when I was hunted so that you can monitor if you desire.  I will take her to the place that Master Keplar told me would have allowed me to escape.  Master Keplar and any other Masters or Mistresses who would like to watch the look on dipshits face when she is fucked and then killed by the mountain lion should wait there.  We should be given the same warnings about wild animals, mountain lions and bears but instead of saying well be hunted by dogs, tell us that there are packs of wild dogs throughout the woods that have been known to attack people.  Then about thirty minutes after we leave, start following with the hunting dogs.  Just make sure that they dont catch up until the end when the mountain lion is done with dipshit.  I will make sure they are all taken care of so they arent disappointed at not getting to fuck the prey.  What do you think masters?

They all agreed that it would be a great end to a great two days of punishment.  And this way, it all wouldnt end too quickly.  Darrell spoke up and asked, Would we happen to have a collar available like doggyslut wore during her first few days of humiliation.  The pictures may not be all that great, but we would be able to hear what is going on.  I think that would greatly add to the excitement of dipshits last hoorah.  

Nancy spoke up, I dont know if we do, but if anyone has one, Wayne will in his truck.  Sometimes I think he has everything, including the kitchen sink in that truck of his.  Ill ask him when we get there.  Missy, I think you should be the one to tell the slaves the release briefing.  You were her Mistress and she will accept that more readily from you than from any other one of us.

Mistress Tyree replied, Yes of course I will.  I cant wait until that bitch meets her demise.

A few minutes later, they pulled up at the release point.  Everyone got out and clustered around the limousine, away from the kennel truck so that dipshit couldnt hear what was being said.  Everyone was told what had been decided and they all agreed that it would be great sport to let dipshit actually start hoping she was really going to be freed, just to snuff it out at the end.  Master Keplar said, I have a collar with a built in microphone and transmitter that has about a one mile range.  I think that it should be more than enough to listen to most of the conversation.  It will tell us when to move to the next point because when it gets out of range, we will have time to drive to the low water bridge area and get there just as they are getting in range again.  I and my boys will just follow behind far enough so that they dont see us.  Doggyslut, just in case they do, youll have to act like we lied to you and that we are actually hunting both of you.  That way she will go through a series of highs and lows during the route to the final release point for the mountain lion.  I will only spray dipshit with the scent.  If you dont have the scent on you, he will ignore you.  Just take the exact same route you did last time, including the misdirection that you led us on.  That way it will seem as if you are really helping her.

Everyone agreed to the final plan and they went to get dipshit out of the truck.  Darrell got the collar and put it on doggyslut.  Once he had it locked on, he tested it and one of Master Keplars men came up and told them it was working fine.  They all grouped around the truck and watched as Master Keplar sprayed dipshit down with urine and secretions of a mountain lion female in heat.  After spraying her down, he took the spray nozzle off and squirted about half the remaining quart up her pussy and ass.  He made her drink the rest of the mixture.  When he was done, he put on a heavy glove on his right hand.  He reached in and pulled out a young and very small Bahia Hairy Dwarf Porcupine.  Even though it wasnt completely mature yet, it was loaded with quills.  The porcupine was about the size of a small rat.  He took the squirming porcupine over to dipshit and gave his men a shake of the head.  Four of them immediately went in to action and grabbed a hold of dipshit by the arms and legs.  The ones holding her legs lifted her up and then pulled them apart into the splits.  Master Keplar came up to dipshit and without any hesitation slammed his hand holding the porcupine into dipshits cunt.  He kept pushing in until he was able to force his hand inside her uterus.  Once her cervix closed around his wrist, he let go of the porcupine and pulled his hand out.  He inserted a small plastic tube that went from her uterus to just out of her cunt for air.  He grabbed a large rusty old needle threaded with 8 pound fishing line.  He sewed up dipshits cunt placing each new stitch about an eighth of an inch apart as he sewed up her cunt.  

During the whole process, dipshit was squirming and screaming silently in pain.  Master Keplars hand was huge and holding the porcupine made it even bigger.  Once he released the small animal, it was clearly agitated.  The combination of the handling and the flooding of every one of dipshits orifices with mountain lion urine scared the animal even further.  When the men released her she fell over on her knees holding her stomach from the pain that the animal caused because of its sharp quills and claws while it was trying to get free of its confines.

The masters and mistresses laughed at dipshits obvious pain and suffering.  They thought this was great sport.  Mistress Tyree finally came up with a single walking cane to help her and she got everyones attention. Welcome everyone. I know that you have all come here to see the end of dipshits punishment.  This is where the punishment ends and the slave is freed from all of their pain and suffering.  I want to thank all of you again for your support during these trying few days.  You could actually see a bit of hope start to form on dipshits face as Mistress Tyree was talking.  She actually was beginning to think that she might actually be freed.  Mistress Tyree continued, Dipshit, you and doggyslut will be released here.  The only way to freedom is through the woods in front of us.  The roads all lead to one entrance and it is in that direction.  As part of your final punishment before your release, I am making you go through the forest as you are.  Doggyslut is going with you because of your weakened condition.  She will help you as you struggle to over come the obstacles that you will face.  I doubt that in your condition that you will make it on your own.  Be warned that you both will be in danger of being attacked by mountain lions, bears and other wild animals to include packs of wild dogs.  I know that doggyslut has been out in the woods before and she will tell you how to protect yourself if you are attacked by a wild animal.  Mistress Tyree finally ended with a venomous, Goodbye you dirty little bitch and good riddance.  Youre free to go.  She said this as she squeezed both of dipshits tits hard causing several of the stitches to be popped and causing her to bleed again.  Dipshit screamed a silent scream from the pain.

Doggyslut grabbed dipshits hand and started pulling her along with her.  Dipshit was groaning in pain from the thumbtacks that were still in her feet and the porcupine in her womb.  She stopped and said in a whisper from her ruptured vocal chords, I cant go on like this.  

Doggyslut grabbed her hand and said, I know it hurts, but if we wait around too long, they may change their minds about letting us free.  Ive been up here before and can show you a place we can stop and take the tacks out.  You will have to wait until we get to a hospital before we can get the porcupine out though.  Now come on.

She pulled dipshit along faster than dipshit was really capable of going.  Dipshit stumbled and fell repeatedly as doggyslut pulled her.  The masters and mistresses laughed at the comical way that dipshit was walking with the tacks in her feet and how doggyslut was pulling at her and in some cases dragging her when she fell.  It was obvious that she was in pain, but was also getting excited about the possibility of going free. They had heard doggyslut say, Do you want them to come and kill us.  That is what happens if you dont get up and run.  This is your chance at freedom.  You have to suck it up and forget the pain.  Come on!!  They smiled at the creativeness of the little bitch to convince dipshit to endure more pain and to do it willingly by telling her these lies.

Doggyslut grabbed her hand and started pulling her at an even faster rate than before.  This time, dipshit kept up better, even though doggyslut was going at a faster pace.  About thirty minutes after leaving the release point, they heard barking dogs coming from a distance.  Doggyslut knew what they were but told dipshit, My god, come on and hurry up.  Thats a pack of wild dogs, if we get to the stream at the bottom of the hill, I will be able to set a false trail for them that will allow us to have more time to get away.  She started going even faster than they had before.  From dipshits groans, she knew that she was hurting terribly, but she had to admire her for her guts.  She may have been struggling a bit, but she was keeping up without complaint.  That stimulant must really be working well, doggyslut thought.

They finally arrived at the stream and doggyslut said, You sit here, take out the tacks and rest up a little.  Give them to me and Ill take them up stream and drop them in the water periodically so that the dogs will think that is the way we went.  They will be able to smell the scent from the blood even after it was washed away.  Come on now and hurry up.  While Im gone, just soak your feet in the cool water in the stream.  Doggyslut took the tacks and took off upstream like she had before.  She dumped the tacks along the way and stepped up on the bank and went in a ways and then backed up into the bank.  She wasnt as careful about being in the same steps as before because she knew that they wouldnt even follow the trail.  It was just a way to make it believable for dipshit.

She returned to dipshit after about ten minutes.  When she got to where dipshit was soaking her bloody feet, she glanced up the hill from where they came and could just see the dogs and their handlers.  She grabbed dipshits hand and said while pointing, Look, they lied to us.  They are actually hunting us.  If they catch us theyll let those dogs fuck us and eat us alive.  I dont want to die that way.  Its time to get going again.  We need to hurry, it sounds as if those dogs are getting awfully close.  This little misdirection I did should buy us some time anyway, hopefully a half hour or more.  Its at least another five to ten minutes before they get to the stream.  We have to stay in the water so it washes our scent away.  Come on and put your arm over my shoulder so I can help you.  The rocks will hurt your feet but that cant be helped.  Now lets get going.  Theres no time to waste.

They took off down stream, heading to the area with the vines.  Doggyslut hoped she would recognize the area now that the vine wasnt there anymore.  The masters and mistresses were standing around the truck listening to everything doggyslut was saying.  Dipshit wasnt saying much, but they hadnt expected that because of her ruptured vocal chords.  They were all laughing and joking about the way things were going.  They thought it was great sport.

Doggyslut finally got to the site where she had climbed the vine before.  She had been looking up in the trees as they went downstream and saw the vine immediately when they came up on it.  She told dipshit, This way Dipti.  This will cross to a lake.  I think theres a boat there we can use to cross the lake with.  She pulled dipshit along, up the bank and into the woods.  She didnt pay any attention to trying to cover her tracks this time.  There really wasnt a need to.

Doggyslut led dipshit along the path that she had taken before.  Dipshit was slowing down and stumbling more.  She was bleeding a little and leaving a trail of bloody foot prints from where the tacks had been removed from the soles of her feet.  Her inability to walk was mostly due from not having eaten or drank anything but piss and shit for the last week combined with all of the punishment and the constant pain and damage that the small porcupine was causing inside her.  In truth, the stimulant was the only thing that was keeping her going.  

After a few minutes they passed what had been a bloated corpse when doggyslut had first gone by but was now just pieces of leathery skin and hunks of maggot infested flesh on a dismembered skeleton.  It had been pulled apart by wild animals.  A piece of skin with the groups tattoo was still obvious.  Doggyslut said, This is the body of Brittanys mother.  Shes the one that tortured me at the branding party.  Doggyslut took that opportunity to tell dipshit, That is what happens to slaves who wait around.  I promise, I will help you but you have to listen to me, okay?

Dipshit grunted out a quiet, Ill try, but it hurts terribly.

Doggyslut asked, When was the last time you ate anything?  

Dipshit answered, I dont remember.  Its been over a week.  Im starving but there isnt any food to eat.  I just dont have any energy left.

Doggyslut reached down and grabbed a handful of maggot infested flesh and handed it to dipshit and said, Eat this.  It will at least give you a little energy.

Dipshit said, I cant eat this.  Ththththis is human flesh, and the maggots, ugggh.  I cant She said shaking her head but really toying with the idea because she was so hungry.  

Doggyslut responded, Suit yourself, but Im not going to be able to keep supporting you the whole way.  If you think you can make it without eating something then come on, otherwise heres another handful and you can eat on the run.  Now come on, I dont want to die.  

The masters and mistresses heard what doggyslut had said about eating.  Most didnt believe that dipshit would actually eat the maggot infested human flesh. The started making bets as to whether she would or not.

Doggyslut and dipshit continued on their way toward the lake.  Dipshit had the two handfuls of maggot infested flesh in her hands but didnt throw it down.  She knew she needed energy, but couldnt quite bring herself to eat the gross decaying flesh.  She stumbled and fell, but kept a tight grip on the handfuls of flesh, landing on her elbows.  When she got up she finally made a decision and stopped, closed her eyes and put one handful to her mouth and took a bite.  She almost threw up when she did it because of the rancid taste but she just swallowed without chewing.  She did this over and over again until it was all gone.  She was use to eating shit, and this was about the same, except she just might get more nutrition from it.  

Doggyslut had heard her fall again and had turned around to see what was going on.  When she saw dipshit actually getting up and then taking a bite of the flesh she said for the benefit of the masters and mistresses, Thats great dipshit.  Go ahead and eat all of that maggoty flesh.  It will at least give you a little nourishment so that you will have enough energy.  It will take a few minutes but it will help, I promise.

The masters and mistresses listening were laughing almost hysterically at doggyslut getting dipshit to willingly eat rotting, maggot infested human flesh. They couldnt wait to see what else doggyslut would think of along the way.  The few that had bet that she would eat it began collecting their money from the others.

Doggyslut and dipshit finally made it to the lake.  They could hear the dogs in the distance.  When they got there, doggyslut looked around for a boat.  She saw a motorized bass boat near where the road came down to the lake.  She giggled and said to no one in particular, I guess that whoever comes out here decided that rowing was too much exercise.  This will make it a lot easier.  Come on Dipti, lets go for a boat ride.  She pulled dipshit to the boat and they got in.  Doggyslut pulled the cord on the motor, trying to start it.  It took about ten tries before the motor finally started.  It wasnt a big one, but it was big enough to get them around.  As they started toward the drain point for the lake, doggyslut asked, Dipti, do you swim?  I would rather dump the boat in the middle of the lake and swim to shore than take the boat all of the way to shore.

Doggyslut piloted the boat about two thirds of the way.  She looped the boat around so that it was heading away from the drain point and blocked the engine so that it couldnt turn any.  She grabbed dipshits hand and then said, Come on Dipti, we swim from here.  She pulled as she jumped.  Dipshit was a very poor swimmer healthy, and crippled as she was, she could barely stay a float.  Doggyslut began to regret having jumped into the lake at such a far distance from the shore.  She hadnt realized that she was going to have to swim for both of them.  She started swimming to the nearest shore trying to talk dipshit into trying to swim at least a little.  

Dipshit tried swimming but it just hurt too badly.  As a matter of fact the water of the lake was flowing through the air tube inserted into her uterus for the baby porcupine to breathe.  It was in a state of panic due to the loss of air and was drowning.  This caused it to struggle intensely.  Because it was so scared, its quills extended to full length as it scrambled for a place to find air.  Its struggles intensified briefly as it was going through its death throws driving the quills completely through her uterine walls.  When that happened, dipshit curled up in a ball screaming and sunk into the water.  

Doggyslut had lost her grip on dipshit when she curled up.  She turned around in the water and couldnt see her.  She immediately dove down and caught a hold of dipshits hair and kicked hard to get to the surface.  She struggled for a minute as dipshit continued to convulse in pain gripping her abdomen as the small porcupine finally spasmed and drowned.  Once the porcupine died, dipshit finally quit struggling and let doggyslut pull her up above the waters surface.  Doggyslut finally said, just float on your back so I can get us to shore before we get sucked down the rapids.  She started swimming for all she was worth toward shore.  She would anxiously glance periodically at the ever nearing rapids.  They were going to be close, but she thought that they would just make it.  Doggyslut finally managed to get close enough to shore to grab a root just as they entered the rapids.  She said, Dipti, youve got to pull yourself to shore.  I dont have the energy to pull you.  If you dont, youll be washed down the rapids and it will probably kill you.  

Dipshit started slowly pulling herself up doggysluts body.  It took considerable effort on her part, fighting the pull of the stream, but she finally got to shore and crawled up on the bank.  Doggyslut had just enough strength left to pull her self up and out of the water.  She lay on the shore, on her back gasping for breath. The drowned porcupine had quit moving around but it still caused her great pain, but at least it wasnt a constant ripping and tearing pain from new injuries caused by the small animal.

The masters and mistresses hadnt heard the life and death struggle for survival.  They most surely would have enjoyed it.  The microphone was water proofed so it was still working, but once they got to the lake, the signal was getting too weak for them to pick anything up.  They were enroute to the low water bridge area where they could pick up a signal.  

Doggyslut finally got her breath and looked at dipshit.  She was looking a bit pale as if she had eaten something that didnt agree with her.  She giggled at the thought of dipshit puking her guts out as they were going along.  She just hoped that when it happened that the masters and mistresses were in range.  She knew that they had gone a long way, but wasnt sure where they would lose the signal.  

Doggyslut stood up and looked at the far shore.  There werent any dogs there, which she hadnt expected.  She knew that if things were going to plan, they would be heading to the Bridge.  She took the opportunity to encourage dipshit saying, Dipti, look at the shore where we left.  There still isnt anyone there.  I think we just may loose them.  When they get to the lake, the boat will hopefully have grounded it self to shore so they cant trace it to where we got out.  Now come on, we have to keep going if we want to have any hope to get away.

Doggyslut grabbed dipshits hand and pulled her up and started heading down stream parallel to the stream.  They followed the shore until the rapids leveled out and the stream slowed down.  They came up to the low water bridge and Dipshit finally stopped and said, Im going to throw up.  Weve got to stop.

Doggyslut urgently said, Theres no time.  They will have figured out by now where weve headed.  We have to keep going.  Well get into the woods on the other side and you can puke there.  Now come on.  She grabbed dipshits hand and pulled her up even though dipshit stayed bent over with her arms around her stomach.  

The masters and mistresses had been in place to receive the signal and were immensely enjoying the current conversation.  They started taking bets to see how long it would be before dipshit puked.  This was about as much fun as any of them had ever experienced during a final hunt.  It was all great sport for them.

Meanwhile back at the low water bridge doggyslut was pulling on the struggling dipshit and saying, Come on Dipti, its not much further.  We have to go through the pipe on the right so we dont leave a trail and then its just a ways down stream before we take off for the cliffs.  Once we get there, theres a little path that will take us up and to our freedom.  If we dont hurry, theyll get here and catch us.  Come on now.  Dont give up this close!!!  

Dipshit swallowed down the bile and started following doggyslut.  They got down and started through the pipe.  It didnt smell quite as bad as it did before, but it was still putrid.  Doggyslut showed her how to go up for air when she needed it.  She made a point to take it slow enough so that when she got to the hung up skeleton dipshit would have to take a breath by it.  She hoped it would stimulate an intense reaction from her.

The next time dipshit came up for air, it was right next to the skull of the slave that had gotten hung up there.  When she surfaced and found herself staring into the eyes of a skull a hairs breadth away, dipshit screamed and lost all control.  Puke sprayed out of her mouth and nose, covering the skull.  Doggyslut had risen up enough that the microphone on her collar picked up the entire thing.

At the monitoring station, Darrell was the one that had won the bet on how long it would take before she puked.  He knew that doggyslut had found the skeleton there when she had been hunted and figured she would use it to get a reaction.  They were all congratulating him and patting him on the back.  He had just won about ten thousand dollars off of his fellow masters.  He was beginning to really admire the intelligence and creativeness his slave was demonstrating.  It seemed as if she would go to any length to please him.  He would have to put that to the test, but it would have to wait until the baby was born.  There was no way he was going to jeopardize his baby.  He would still have his fun with her, but he would save the really adventuresome stuff for afterwards, though the thought of doing something during the delivery did intrigue him.  That was a few more months down the road.  It was just the beginning of August and it would be January before the baby was born.  

Back at the bridge, doggyslut yelled in the pipe, Come on Dipti, weve got to get going.  Itll be better if we get out of the pipe.  The stream will clean us off.  The longer you stay there the better chance that they will find us.  I dont know about you, but I want to be free.  She reached out and grabbed dipshits hair and pulled because that was all she could really see to grab a hold of.  Dipshit came along, letting the current of the stream carry her.  She wasnt up for much more right now anyway.

They came out of the pipe with doggyslut swimming in the water one handed while pulling dipshit by the hair.  She swam as far down as she dared before she finally headed to shore well short of the water fall, unlike last time where she was almost swept over by the current.  When they got to shore, she took a moment to get her breath.  She looked at Dipti and could tell she was about to the point of exhaustion.  Dipshit was actually bleeding internally from the quills that had poked through her womb.  The constant movement had kept aggravating the injuries and keeping them from clotting.  The bleeding wasnt enough to kill her by them selves.  But combine them with the injuries that she had incurred the last few days and she was to the point of total exhaustion.  

Doggyslut was also dead tired from the exertion and she knew that dipshit was hurting in every fiber of her being.  She decided that a moment of respite would do her good.  She suggested, Dipti, I know youre not feeling well.  But you need to drink something.  You just puked up everything you ate.  At least drink some water from the stream.  That will settle your stomach down a little.  

Dipti took a drink of the stream water and remained laying half on the bank and half in the water.  They lay like that for quite a few minutes with dipshit closing her eyes.  After a few minutes doggyslut saw that dipshits breathing was very shallow and she thought that she was giving up and didnt want that just yet.  That would deny her masters a good show at the end.  Finally doggyslut said, Dipti?  Dipti?  Look at me Dipti.  Come on and look at me.

Dipshit finally opened her eyes, which were full of pain and exhaustion from the exertions her body had been put through.  No human body was meant to be put through the kind of abuse that hers was put through.  In reality, it was remarkable that she had managed to get this far.  

The masters and mistresses had been listening to what was going on.  They knew that they had a few minutes before they had to get into position.  Master Keplar was already in position with the mountain lion and the dogs would be at the low water bridge soon.  They all started betting on how long it would be before doggyslut could convince dipshit to start moving again.  Again Darrell took sooner rather than later.  All the others didnt think doggyslut could do it. The bets were made and they continued listening.

Doggyslut had been speaking words of encouragement to dipshit the whole time while looking in her eyes.  She knew that Karen was better at things like this than she was so she let a little control slip to Karen.  The compassion that showed on her face in that instant was genuine.  Karen knew she didnt have the strength yet to take control so all she could really do was offer sympathy.  She said, Dipti, if we get up now.  We can walk for twenty minutes in that direction and be at the cliff.  The trail is right there.  Once we find it, we will be able to climb out and then we can get you to a hospital.  Youll be free again.  Free to live how you want to, any where you want to and any way you want.  You wont ever have to experience any of this again.  But if you stay here, they win.  The dogs will be coming for us any minute.  They know that once you get to the lake, the best place to catch us is at the bridge.  Come on now.  You have to pull yourself together for this last bit of effort.  Dont you want to be free?  It will only happen if you get up right now and start moving.  You just have to take one step at a time.  Dont think about doing it all at once.  Just take one step at a time.

Doggyslut kept this up for about five minutes after the masters and mistresses had all placed their bets.  Dipshit let out a long groan of pain as she pulled herself up out of the water and grabbed a hold of a small tree to help her get up.  After seven minutes she was up and doggyslut said, Come on and put your arm over my shoulder and Ill help you until you get your strength back.  They took off away from the stream and toward the cliffs.

Darrell had just won himself another twenty thousand dollars.  He had the closest time at ten minutes.  The next closest was Mistress Tyree with fifteen.  They all packed up and went to the drop off point for the short walk to the intercept point.

Just a couple of minutes after they left the bank of the stream, the two slaves heard the barking of the dogs in the distance.  Doggyslut said to dipshit, Dipti, do you hear the dogs.  They are coming for us now.  We only have about twenty minutes on them from the bridge.  We need to hurry up.  Once we get to the cliff, they wont be able to climb the steep trail.  Come on, I know you can do it.

Dipshit actually started moving a little faster.  She was starting to hope they might make it out of here alive.  The water she drank from the river had done a lot to help her recover.  That and the stimulant shot gave her just barely enough energy to walk with assistance.

They were about half way to the cliff when they heard the first long wailing cry.  Doggyslut immediately recognized it as the mountain lion.  She asked dipshit, Dipti, do you know what a mountain lion is?

Dipshit shook her head no.  Doggyslut tried to think of a way to explain and then remembered that India had a large problem with tigers attacking humans.  She told dipshit, Dipti, a mountain lion is like a tiger, only a little smaller.  Its still very big and dangerous.  If it catches us, it could kill us both with one swipe of its claws.  They taught me when I went camping when I was young, that if you are attacked by a wild animal like a mountain lion, you should get down on your hands and knees as low to the ground as possible so it cant get to your vital organs.  Put your elbows down on the ground against your knees and fold your hands over your head and dont move.  

While doggyslut was telling dipshit everything, she actually got into position to show her. Of course doggyslut changed the actual procedure from putting your hands over her neck to putting your hands over her head. She looked back at dipshit when she was done she asked, Can you do that if a mountain lion attacks us?  Go ahead and get into position like I showed you.

Dipshit slowly got down in the position that doggyslut had shown her.  It was quite a site.  Her ass was up at the right height for the mountain lion and her lower body was down along the ground. It looked like a human version of a cat in heat.  Doggyslut said, Thats perfect.  If you see a mountain lion or you hear me say cat, drop into this position, okay?

Dipshit shook her head yes and let out a weak raspy okay.

Doggyslut held out her hand and said, Come on then, we need to get to the cliff so we can get to the trail before they catch us.

Dipshit took doggysluts hand and slowly got up.  Every move she made caused her pain in some form.   Finally they began moving toward the cliff.  They made it to a large opening in the forest that had the cliff on one side, and in a radius out from the wall was about five hundred feet by six hundred feet of clear meadow.  They were at the very South end of the meadow and the trail they needed to get to was at the far North end of the valley.  Doggyslut could see the trail and pointed it out to Dipshit saying while she pointed, Dipti, look at the trail up the cliff there just before the forest starts again.  That is where we are going.  If nothing stops us between here and there, well be home free.

Doggyslut grabbed dipshits hand and pulled her.  Dipshit stumbled over and over again as they started across the clearing toward the trail leading up the cliff.  They could hear the dogs getting closer and the wail of the mountain lion was getting closer as well.  Doggyslut kept saying Hurry up Dipti, come on and hurry up.  Cant you taste it?  We are almost free.  If we climb the trail, we will be free.  I know you can do itCAT!!!!!!  

When they had gotten to the center of the clearing, the mountain lion had been released.  It was going by instinct.  It smelled a female in heat and it wanted to fuck it.  Doggyslut had been giving encouragement to dipshit when she saw the big cat come bounding out of the trees toward them.  She yelled and dropped down into the position she had taught dipshit and watched to see if she would do the same.

The shock of seeing the cat come running at her just as she was so near her goal of gaining her freedom was extremely evident on her face.  It was as if all of the hope and energy was all sucked out of her in a single instant.  Dipshit had been a good student and literally fell, almost passing out from the exhaustion.  She went immediately into the position doggyslut had taught her.  The scent she was giving off made the cat even more aggressive as it gave a loud and long wail and growl as it came running.  The cat made a straight line towards dipshit.  It sniffed her ass once, took one long lick from her cunt to her ass and then leapt up on her back and mounted her.  The lion bent its head down and grasped dipshits neck in its teeth.  Its front paws wrapped around her at the level of her tits and extended its claws.  They sank in to her already badly abused tits.  Blood started flowing from the wounds the claws made.  It was trying to fuck her but couldnt find the hole.  Doggyslut carefully and slowly crawled close enough to reach the cats cock and guide it to dipshits asshole.  It was at that moment that dipshit realized that doggyslut had been playing her the whole time.  That everything that she said had been an act.  To confirm her realization she glanced in the direction the cat had come and saw the masters and mistresses standing and watching.  They were laughing and carrying on.  

Dipshit gave up in that instant.  She let out a loud, long and raspy Nooo oooh as she felt the cats huge cock sink into her bloody raw asshole.  As the cat fucked her it dug its claws into her deeper and deeper and bit down harder and harder on her neck.  It had been trained to inflict as much pain as possible but not to kill until it came.  It only fucked her for about three minutes, but it was three minutes of shear terror for dipshit and it was obvious from the look on her face.  When the cat came, it growled a long deep growl and bit down hard, snapping dipshits neck.  At the same time it started to bite down, it sunk its claws as deep into dipshits tits as it could and pulled out an instant before it bit down and broke her neck.  There was a moment of a strangled scream, followed by the gurgling of blood in her throat.  Blood came gushing out of her mouth and nose and from the wounds in her chest.  Dipshits death was almost instantaneous when her neck snapped.  

When doggyslut noticed the cats cock sink in to dipshits asshole.  She scooted away from dipshit and while she watched the scene in front of her, she masturbated herself to orgasm after orgasm.  Karen was of course horrified at what she had done and was screaming silently trying to take over but everything that had happened in the last three days had strengthened doggysluts hold over Karens persona.  

When dipshit finally died, doggyslut got up and went to the masters and mistresses.  When she got in front of them she knelt and said, Masters and Mistresses, the punishment of dipshit is over.  Doggyslut is at your service.  How may I serve you further?

Mistress Tyree came up to her walking with the help of the cane.  She reached down and turned doggysluts face up to look in her eyes and said, You have done well my dear.  Thank you for doing this for me.  You have honored me like no other slave could ever have.  Thank you.  As she said the last thank you, she bent down and gave doggyslut a deep kiss.  

When Mistress Tyree finally ended the kiss, doggyslut said, I know that the dogs are expecting to have a victim to fuck after the hunt.  I am ready to do my duty for them if it be your desire master.

Darrell came up to her and said, Give me your hand and get up slut.  You have done very well today.  Master Keplar will reward his beauties for their efforts. You may come with us.  We need to get back for a party, remember?

Doggyslut said, Yes master.

Mistress Lynn asked, What happened at the lake.  We were out of range and didnt here anything while you were there.  Did anything happen?

Doggyslut recounted the problems they encountered at the lake.  She fully embellished the part where the porcupine inside her struggled for life and almost drowned them both.  She also shared how they just barely made it to shore before being carried down the rapids to a certain death.  As she finished the tale, Master Keplars men came in to the clearing being led by the hunting dogs who were seeking their prey.  When they got to the clearing the dogs were released.  They made a bee line for dipshits body.  

As the Masters and Mistresses were leaving to return to the vehicles for the trip home, doggyslut looked back and saw the dogs rip into the dead body of dipshit and start ripping her apart.  She went pale and had to swallow hard to keep from throwing up.  If Karen would have been in control of her body instead of doggyslut, everyone would have seen her sobbing uncontrollably.  She was very shaken by what she saw.  As they continued to walk, the only sign of what Karen felt that showed were the tears that streamed down her face.  Otherwise, there was a smile on her face.  For doggyslut, she had served her master well and knew she would be rewarded.  For that she was happy.  They made it to the cars and they all got into the limousine as they had on the ride out and headed home.


This is end of Chapter 24.
   
Please e-mail comments to 
redlegtiger@hotmail.com 

or visit my blog at My Blog URL:  
http://blog.myspace.com/redlegtiger

Let me know what you think of my story.  I am always looking for ideas and invite suggestions.  If you are reading this on Storiesonline or BDSM and like the story please vote and comment.  



Redlegtiger 
