



  =====================================================================
       T H E   H O M E R   V A R G A S   S T O R Y   A R C H I V E
  All stories in this archive are the property of the author.  They may
  be downloaded and read by private citizens.   They are not to be used
  by commercial web sites.    Persons using this material on commercial
  sites will be vigorously pursued by the hounds from hell, or my legal
  team, whichever is deemed necessary.  (These stories were written for
  adult entertainment and should not be accessed by children.)
  =====================================================================












			  Scroll down to view text











Archive name: wopi5.txt (MC, Fm, Mf, Ff, preg)
Authors name: Homer Vargas (Vargas111@yahoo.com)
Story title : The WOPI Chronicle - Part 5/?

------------------------------------------------------
This work is copyrighted to Homer Vargas (c) 2001.
Please do not remove the author information or make
any changes to this story. You may post freely to non-
commercial "free" sites, or in the "free" area of
commercial sites. Thank you for your consideration.
------------------------------------------------------

The WOPI Chronicles (MC, Fm, Mf, Ff, preg)
By Homer Vargas
Vargas111@yahoo.com

Chapter 5
Alexandra and Charlie

Alexandra was horny as a skunk. Of course she was 
always eager to get back to David at this time of 
day, but for the last hour it had gotten bad. A 
warm glow welled up from her crotch that made her 
mind dreamy and unfocused. Regardless of the 
raised eyebrows among the women on her staff, she 
would have rushed back to David if Claire hadn't 
asked her to see Charlie Roemer, for what she 
didn't even know.

She didn't realize just how horny she was, though, 
until Charlie turned up. She supposed he was one 
of Claire's indulgences, as David was hers. Today 
she understood Claire. God, he was good looking. 
She hardly paid attention to whatever the young 
man was asking, something silly and administrative 
that Clare should have handled. But WOW! From the 
moment she laid eyes on Claire's well-hung stud, 
Alexandra's pussy started getting wet. She 
realized something was strange, but she could 
think about only one thing -- getting in bed, 
spreading her legs and letting someone fuck the 
shit out of her. And Charlie was the most 
available someone

"Charlie? You are staring at me!" Alexandra 
smiled, pleased by the boy's obvious leer.

"Forgive me Miss Milan, but I just couldn't help 
it. You are a very sexy woman."

"Why that's sweet of you to say so, Charlie," she 
said indulgently. "It's very flattering for a 
young man like you to compliment a woman my age."

"I don't know what you mean about 'your age,' Miss 
Milan. Why you can turn a guy on quicker than any 
twenty year old. You've got a great body. And you 
know how to show it off to make a man look at you! 
That low cut blouse, that short skirt you've got 
on! I'm getting a hardon just looking at you," and 
he dropped his hand to his crotch to demonstrate.

Alexandra's eyes followed the boy's hand as it 
stroked the bulge in his jeans. By now Alexandra's 
pussy was doing most of her thinking. His rippling 
muscles and evidence of an exceptional cock made 
her dizzy. Another torrent of juice leaked down 
into her soaked panties "Why, Charlie!" she said 
in mock surprise, getting up and coming around to 
sit by him on the couch. "If I didn't know better, 
I'd think you were trying to chat me up. I warn 
you," she grinned, "If you are trying to put the 
make on me ... you'd better call me 'Alexandra.'"

"I can't help it, Miss Milan, uh, ... Alexandra, 
you turn me on."

"Is that so? And just what part of me turns you 
on, Charlie?" Alexandra leered, taking him in her 
arms and kissing him. "Is it my boobies, Charlie?" 
she whispered and drew his hand to her breasts. "I 
saw you eyeing my boobies. If you like them so 
much, why don't you slip me out of my bra. Then 
you could feel me up good and tell me if my 
titties feel as good as they look."

With that phrase the unseen observer knew 
Alexandra was lost. The woman was already thinking 
only of her own animal pleasure and what Charlie 
would do to her tits. Charlie didn't have to be 
told twice and began fondling her sensitive 
mammaries.

"Oh, Alexandra, you have gorgeous breasts. They 
are so big and round. These melters can seduce any 
man. I can't resist a woman like you. Feeling up 
your titties makes me so horny. I just want to 
suck them and kiss them and play with your nipples 
between my lips."

"Then go ahead, Charlie! You ought to know what to 
do to a willing woman. Don't be shy."

"Oh, you are magnificent, Alexandra," he sighed as 
his mouth began skillfully to work on Alexandra's 
rapidly hardening breasts. Soon her eyes were 
closed and she was squirming at his touch.

"Oh, I see you're all woman, Alexandra, maybe a 
little oversexed!" he hissed. "These babies are so 
responsive to my touch. Your tits are getting hard 
as rocks. Sucking your nipples makes them stand 
out. Oh, Alexandra, you're getting horny, aren't 
you?"

"Oh, yes, darling." she sighed, her voice getting 
thick and slurred with lust, oblivious to the 
change of Charlie's behavior from prey to 
predator. "You're feeling me up so good. Oh, I 
love what you are doing to my tits! I'm getting 
such a buzz I can hardly think."

"Well, if you like the job I'm doing on you 
boobies, honey, isn't there is another part you 
want me work on?" he whispered maliciously.

"Oh, yes," she gasped, pulling up her skirt. 
"Here! You can get into my pants. I want you to 
play with my pussy."

"You are incredibly hot, Alexandra. I never 
dreamed I could get this far with you. When I saw 
you sitting there showing me everything but your 
beaver, I fantasized about getting you out of this 
skirt and now you are asking for it. Let me get 
these panties off of you."

This was a little more than Alexandra had counted 
on, but his hand was already between her legs, she 
couldn't resist him. Willingly she let him lift 
her ass and pull down her flimsy, sopping undies. 
His hot gaze on her cunt aroused her even more.

"There, you are, Alexandra, lovely and naked for 
me. You have a beautiful pussy, so soft and 
furry." he spoke softly, stroking her. "And you're 
so wet inside," he said dropping the pretense of 
the naf as his fingers massaged her labia.

"Slow down, darling," she pleaded, starting to 
feel herself loosing control.

"Why slow down, Alexandra? Your pussy's juicy 
because you're in a hurry to be fucked. Let me get 
my hand in there, where you want it, in your cunt. 
I'll finish getting you ready for a good lay. Yes! 
... You like that, don't you, baby. You like me to 
finger your clit. Open your legs more for me, 
honey, so I can diddle you better."

"Oh, Charlie, Charlie! That's enough. I'm ready 
for you in me, now! I want you to fuck me." 
Alexandra moaned. Gone was Alexandra's attitude of 
amused indulgence of an impetuous and almost 
innocent suitor. Gone was the idea she was taking 
advantage of an aroused young male. The tables 
were completely turned. Alexandra had been 
masterfully seduced and was about to get fucked, 
in every sense of the word. A rutting female 
animal had been unleashed in her. Claire's 
boyfriend was taking her where he wanted at the 
speed he chose.

"I will, baby. I am going to fuck you ... good. 
But don't get impatient. Let's make it more fun. 
Don't you like this?" he asked as his fingers 
vibrated in her cunt "Don't you like having a man 
play with your pussy?"

"Oh, yes, darling! Oh... Oh ... You're going to 
... You're making me ... You're making me cum! ... 
Ai! ... Ai! ... Ai! " Orgasm after orgasm racked 
Alexandra's shapely body as the young stud 
continued massaging her clit rhythmically. 
Alexandra was panting and barely coherent.

"Oh, Alexandra, baby, you're making such a mess. 
Your honey pot is overflowing and all your pussy 
juice is running out. Should I stop making you 
cum?" came the cruel, taunting question.

"No, Charlie, no! Don't stop. I love it. I want 
it!" she pleaded between orgasms.

"Of course you want it, you horny slut. You love 
to come. So I'd better find some other way to 
protect the couch. What if I just eat you? I will 
have to lap quickly to stop your juicy cum from 
leaking onto the couch. Would you like that, 
Alexandra?"

"Yes, Charlie! Eat me! Run your tongue in me and 
get me off."

For the next several minutes Charlie was silent as 
his mouth brought Alexandra to orgasm after 
orgasm. Silent, Alexandra was not. She howled in 
ecstasy each time that a climax took her. Soon she 
was delirious with arousal.

Sensing she was near total defeat, Charlie gave 
her clit one final lick and got up on his knees. 
"I have another idea, Alexandra. I think a large 
cock in your cunt is exactly what you really need. 
Your pussy is so hungry. I think she needs to be 
fed. I've got some nice hot fuck for her I think 
she'll lap right up. Do you think she'll like 
this?" he teased as he brushed her labia with the 
tip of his cock. "Would she like a big dick?"

"Yes, darling, Please! I can't take any more 
teasing. I've got to have you in me. Ai! I can 
feel your prick touching pussy. But I want it all 
the way in me. I want to be full of you, darling, 
to feel your prick deep inside me. Yes, darling! 
Oh yes!" she moaned as he slid his cock in her and 
started slowly to move it in and out.

"Oh, yes, Alexandra. You are getting what you 
asked for! I've got my cock deep in you, fucking 
you. I'm going to do it nice and slow because 
that's the way you like it. Yes, I can tell you 
really needed a good screwing. Your pussy was 
starving for some thick man-meat. Fucking feels 
good, but it's not enough. You need to cum again, 
Alexandra! You need me to bring you to orgasm with 
my cock." he hissed as he started fucking her 
faster.

"Yes! Ai! ... Yes! Fuck me! Ai ... Ai ... Yes!" 
Alexandra whimpered in assent as another massive 
orgasm again washed over her."

"You are getting fucked good, Alexandra, but 
coming and coming is really taking it out of you. 
You can't stand much more stimulation. You need 
release. You want me to cum in you, don't you?" he 
asked, slowing momentarily while the overpowered 
woman caught her breath.

"Yes, darling. I want your fuck in me," the 
delirious woman sobbed. "I want my pussy to be 
full of you. Pump me so full of your spunk I blow 
up like a balloon!"

"You'll get it, Alexandra, a good load of jism. 
It's what you need. My cum in you cunt will give 
you temporary release. You are about to be totally 
satisfied, woman. It'll trickle deep down into 
your womb, Alexandra, sating your passion, 
sedating you. That's what you want, isn't it?"

At the brink of orgasm, Alexandra could only 
whimper.

"My jizz is a drug, Alexandra, a narcotic that 
will make you very sleepy." He spoke more softly 
now, continuing to fuck her methodically, holding 
her on the very brink of the cataclysmic orgasm 
she craved. "You're drifting down to sleep, 
Alexandra, deeply asleep, deeper and deeper."

Charlie's words seemed to come from far away. 
Alexandra could hardly understand what he was 
saying. The urge to come drove all thought from 
her head.

"You can't stay awake any longer, Alexandra. You 
are going to sleep a long time without being able 
to wake up. In a few hours, I'll tell you to stir 
a little bit, honey, just enough to know you're 
feeling really horny. It'll be all right because 
I'll be there to take care of you. You'll have a 
little food and then I'll put my prick back in you 
and give you another dose of the thick white love 
medicine. When I fuck you again you will go right 
back to sleep. You will just sleep and get fucked 
while we go on a long trip."

"Trip?" the helpless woman moaned.

"Yes, a long sleepy trip, love. And when I finally 
let you to wake up, you and I will be far away 
from here. We'll be in a warm and pleasant land. 
You won't need many clothes there, Alexandra. You 
can run around happily in your skimpiest things. 
You'll wear your mini skirts and hot pants and 
string bikinis because you'll always be feeling 
very sexy. The clothes will show everyone how 
randy you are, eager to get laid any time. You are 
going to be horny the whole time you're there, 
Alexandra."

"Going to be horny," she replied, without real 
understanding.

"Yes, Alexandra you'll be a very horny woman, but 
you won't be frustrated because there will be 
plenty of men with hard dicks to keep a randy girl 
like you happy and satisfied. You will have plenty 
of time for food, fun, and fucking. Every time you 
get the urge for some cock, someone will be there 
to supply your need. You'll spend many happy hours 
on your back, Alexandra, with your legs wide apart 
and your pussy full of some man's cock."

Something did not sound quite right. "No, 
Charlie," she tried to object. "I have to stay 
here for my work with WOPI. Just fuck me here," 
she pleaded.

"No, you don't want to stay here to work," he 
whispered. "Your work would take up too much of 
your time, Alexandra, time you would rather spend 
screwing like a ferret in heat. WOPI is the past. 
WOPI was long hours of desire and frustrations 
punctuated with moments of pleasure. Let it go."

"Let go?" the horny woman asked.

"Yes. The present is the bliss you feel now, the 
contentment of having a big cock still thick 
within you. And the future is the pleasure you 
will have when you get all the fucking you can 
take. I'm going to take you on a very long holiday 
and you won't be interested in coming back to 
WOPI. You'll just be thinking about men and 
getting fucked all day and night long. So, close 
your eyes, darling. Let me fuck you to sleep, 
Alexandra. Sleep, and you'll wake up in paradise."

"Sleep? ... No, Charlie, NO!" Alexandra protested, 
realizing too late that something was terribly 
wrong. "Stop talking like that, Charlie; I know 
what you are doing. You are trying to hypnotize 
me!" she protested, feeling WOPI's techniques 
being used against her.

"Just a little, Alexandra. I'm just helping you 
relax. You've tried to be a dominant female too 
long. Hypnosis will help you give in to your 
deeper, submissive side, the side that makes you 
do anything to get fucked. Don't fight me, 
Alexandra. Surrender to the pleasure," he slightly 
increased his tempo, driving her closer to climax.

"No, no," she protested, but she was already 
starting to buck against him.

"Surrender to my prick, going in you so deep, so 
good. You need some come, Alexandra and that's 
just what I'm going to do, give you a big charge 
of fuck. Get ready for an injection of my man-
seed. Yes!" He grunted and came, and came again 
and again. As the hot fuck blasted into 
Alexandra's burning vagina, it began to douse the 
fire of passion that was consuming her insides. 
The incredible tension in Alexandra's over-excited 
body drained away. Her muscles relaxed; her eyes 
fluttered closed.

Suffocated by lust, at last, Alexandra's sated 
mind succumbed to the hypnotic words and she 
drifted deeper into unconsciousness.

The watcher of the scene from a hidden camera, 
gurgled with excitement. That took care of 
Alexandra. Now SHE would take care of Captain 
Knight.

To be continued.

Comments please to Homer Vargas
vargas111@yahoo.com

I would enjoy exchanging ideas about future 
directions for this story

