Doppleganger VI by Geek Writer
*******************************
Read the other stories to figure out where we are:)
Copyright 2002@ by ME!!!DON'T COPY PLEASE!!!
*******************************
My life had changed the day I woke up without my dick.  The night before I had been working at my job as a bartender at the local TGI Fridays with two other people, flirting with the ladies, making some decent tips, and hanging out afterwards for a few drinks with the rest of the employees after the place had closed.

We were all having a beer or two and munching on some wings, relaxing after a fairly hard night.  I managed to catch Angela's eye and wiggle my eyebrows suggestively.  She giggled and nodded and went back to her conversation.  We cleaned everything up and Angela followed me back to my place for a night of good time sex.  

Then I woke up to pee the next morning and I realized that I had a pussy and pee was running down my leg.  Since then, I had found out I was someone who could shapeshift into just about any form I wanted to, that I was responsible for fulfilling deserving people's fantasies and that there were more like me out there.  I met and practiced a bit with one of them, and had done my first fantasy on the way home.

Found out when I got home that I was a bit of a prodigy among my kind, that I could discern fantasies and do a small amount of mind reading.  This was told to me by my liason who also informed me that I would be doing special fantasies that involved shifting my own shape as well as the person who's fantasy I was fulfilling.  And of course, I couldn't do that in a dirty old apartment, so she took me to an estate way out of town that was easily the size of the town I grew up in, complete with manservant.  Oh, and he used to be like me until he had a bad accident that did something to his ability, but he loved the estate, and asked to stay on as caretaker and manservant.

So here I am, lying in a posh four poster bed with silk sheets, my long hard dick encased between two of the fullest lips I could think up, faced with the silky pink folds of an amazon's vagina waiting to be licked.  She was my liason with my special assignments, but also a vessel - a special assignment herself who had taken the offer to be a liason and to help train the new recruit.  A vessel is what all special assignment people are: they are able to take in fluid from me and have their bodies change.  The change is directed of course by someone like me.  If I am in a male form, all I need to do is come in them, mouth, ass, pussy.  Doesn't matter.  Doing it as a woman, I need to get enough of my juice on their face or cock to allow me control over their form.

Right now Jasmine and I were just having sex, no changing, just nice relaxed sex.  I could smell her pussy and it was musky and delicious.  I used my fingers to run along the outside of her labia, teasing her a little.  I could see the hood hiding her clit and just barely make out the tip of it sticking out.  I ran my fingers near it and was rewarded with a deep moan as she took more of my cock in her mouth.  Normally, I am a decent seven inches and less than two fingers wide, but why waste such a gift as mine on decent?  

The proud member that Jaz was eagerly gobbling up was at least ten or eleven inches long and three or four inches wide capped by a spongy reddened head.  I could feel her tongue running up and down the long shaft and decided to repay her attentions with some of my own.  I spread her lips and licked all around her labia causing her juices to start to flow.  Her head bobbed even further down, the head of my cock lodged in the back of her mouth.  I wanted her to deep throat it and see how much she could take, so I loosened the muscles in her throat to allow for more access as I made my tongue longer than Gene Simmons.  I stabbed her cunt with my thick pointed tongue, running it in an out like a small penis.  She pulled her head up and groaned, "Mmmm again.. puhleezze baby, ooooo" and dropped my dick down the back of her throat and began to hum.  It drove me wild so I made my tongue a little fatter and started fucking her with it.

Her hips began to buck wildly as she slid my dick all the way down her throat, bouncing on the base as she came on my face.  Juice practically flooded around my tongue, right into my mouth.  It was like nectar to me.  I rolled her off me and moved around behind her.  Her juicy cunt was ready and willing to accept my manhood.  I pulled her ass cheeks apart and stuffed the head into her, causing her to pull her knees in to allow me easier access.  She pushed herself up on her hands and knees, shoving her hips back.  As she impaled herself on my cock, she moaned, "Mmmm ohhh, nice cock.  Stuff my cunt full of cock baby, you know how I like it...Big fucking cock...Mmmmm"  I began slamming in and out of her, my balls rocking forward with each swing to slap against her clit.  She spread her legs and reached a hand back to play with her clit and my balls.

With her in this position, I was staring right at her ass.  The puckered eye of her asshole stared at me, just asking me to bury my heavy dick in it.  I stuck a finger in my mouth to lube it with spit and ran it around the outside of her anus.  "Ohh god....Oh Nnnnnnnggghhh, nice, that's nice...play with it....more...get it looser and I'll let you fuck me there..."

I slid the tip in and moved it around a little, never relenting on the pounding I was doing to her pussy.  I was soon rewarded with it looseneing enough to allow a second finger to slide right in.  As she picked up the rhythm, it became like another pussy and unfolded slightly.  She was gasping for air, saying "Ohhh my god, that ...oh my god....oH MY GOD!@@!!!!" and she came, clamping down her muscled on my dick and fingers.

I took my slippery dick from inside her and put the purpled head onto her anus.  My fingers still buried in it, she moved more upright and pulled her ass apart with both hands.  I put one hand on my cock to guide it in, and kept my fingers moving around inside her.  Sliding my hands alongside my fingers I managed to get the head of it in before her ass clamped shut on the tip of my cock.  "Mmmmmm" we said in unison.  I looked at my fingers, but they weren't dirty.  I grabbed a hip in each hand and pushed forward slightly.  "Ahhhh Ahhhhhh ...." she said as she tightened up, I reached around and tweaked both nipples on her large breasts.  Her gasps turned to moans and the muscles clamping my cock in place loosened enough for me to slide another inch in.  She let go of her cheeks and slid a hand down to her pussy to play with her clit.

Seconds later, I slid most of the way in.  I made a little mental adjustment to make her ass a little more supple inside and jammed the last three inches in.  I stayed still as she adjusted to it all and began bucking my hips slightly.  She started sucking air between her teeth and then biting her lip, and then breathing heavily as I began moving more and more, keeping up the attention to her nipples as she ran her finger wildly over and around her clit.

She was soon falling to her hands, allowing me better access to fucking her virgin ass.  I began long deep strokes that made her ass wiggle and dance beneath me.  Her cries of passion became incoherent as I sent her through wave after wave of orgasm.  The friction, ass wiggling, and tension around my pole soon had me moving at blinding speed.  She screamed as I lunged into her ass, dumping my seed into her, spraying the walls of her anus with my fluid.

We stayed connected for a few minutes before separating and laying flat.

She was breathing heavily saying, "Funny, isn't it?"

"What's that?" I said.

"It's funny that your first special is coming tonight and wants to be a man with a huge cock fucking a black woman in the ass while she calls him Daddy..."

I laughed as I looked over at her, knowing that she was serious.  As Kel, I am not into men.  As the woman I would become, I knew that I would be, and that I would do anything and say anything they wanted me to.  There was something nagging me at the back of my head that caused me to go into the bathroom to take a leak.  As I padded across the carpet into the large bathroom, I began to pick up the scent.  At first I thought it was Jasmine, but for lack of a better term, the 'flavor' was different.  It was faint, but I could feel my mind and my ability beginning to separate the strands into recognizable parts.  I allowed my dick to fall back into place at it's normal seven inches and peed for about two full minutes.  I can keep a shape as long as I want once I have assumed it with no effort, but it was hard to pee with a solid log for a cock.

I shook off the last few drops as Jaz came into the room and sat down on the bowl I had just finished flushing.  She was an exotically beautiful woman, it looked like she had been plucked right out of an aztec painting.  Long thick red hair ran down her back, her skin tanned to a golden brown.  She had an ample bosom that swayed nicely when she moved and hips just made for holding onto for leverage.  Long, sleek, muscled legs tapered down to her feet resting on the floor as she leaned to the side to wipe herself.

She flushed and looked up at me saying, "As much as I would love to go another round, we need to get to work and get ready for tonight."  She smiled, grabbed my semi-erect cock and gave it a squeeze as she stood and walked through to the bedroom.  She was about an inch shorter than my 6'2" height and strong.  I liked the way the muscles rippled in her ass and thighs as she walked.  She pulled on a short robe and held up my longer one.  We walked into a smaller office off the bedroom and I went to sit behind a nice mahogany desk as she grabbed two remotes from the edge and sat down on the corner of the desk.  She took one and clicked it a few times.  The bookshelf slid back to reveal a state of the art entertainment center.

"What am I?  Matt Houston now?" I quipped. 

She just smiled and looked at the TV as a face appeared.  It was a woman, about 38-40 years old, comfortable in her skin rather than heavy, with tired eyes and limp blonde hair.  I heard Jasmine pull something out of a cabinet behind me as I looked at her face.  She said, "Her name is Jennifer Talgin.  She's divorced, had a kid until the spiteful husband took custody, works in a deadend job, and is fairly miserable.  She's definitely deserving, but she's been picked also because she's showing high in her capacity as a vessel."

"Showing high?" I asked.

She nodded.  "Vessels are measured by the amount of changes they can handle.  The ones who measure higher than normal," she nodded when I pointed at her, "are usually given their wishes, but vetted for possibly liason employment.  Her credentials are fairly perfect too.  She's a loner that no one would probably miss at all."

When she didn't continue, I let her alone with her thoughts.  Obviously, as Duncan, Jasmine had been pretty miserable.  She must have passed fairly well to become a liason as well as being a vessel.

She continued after a moment, coming to sit in my lap.  I put my arms around her waist for comfort and she kissed the top of my head.  "Her fantasy is like I said.  She wants a little black girl to squeal, calling her daddy."  She sounded unsure of herself.  

"That's part of it, but there is something a lot deeper.  Something she is really ashamed of for some reason" I added.  She nodded her head.

"Yeah, I caught a little of it on the phone with her last week.  She's holding back something.  Hey!  How did you know, anyway?"

"Already starting to get the scent.  I am getting what you are talking about alright, but there is something a LOT more potent under the surface."

She shrugged, saying "Let's just see what we see when she gets here."

I grinned suddenly, having an interesting idea.  I slid my hand from around her waist and propped her on the desk again, facing me.  I took her hand in mine, like I was shaking it.  As I did this, I reached for my ability and tried to secrete the fluid through the palm of my hand.  It was messy at first, but I dried it off on my robe and tried again.

"Does my palm feel sweaty now?" I inquired.

She shook her head, "No, it doesn't.  What do you have in mind?"

I reached out with my ability to see if it was enough.  Her features began to blur as she quickly put the folder down and grew smaller in my lap.  Her hips got wider and curvier, her shoulders pulled in slightly, and her breasts got higher and firmer, the areola spreading and darkening around longer nipples.  I saw the hair on her head get kinkier and shorter, resolving itself into a rounded afro.  Her skin darkened to a charcoal color as she turned her blue eyes to face me, pearly white teeth flashing from behind full red lips.  

She pulled me close for a kiss, her lips soft and supple while her tongue was harder, twisting around mine.  I could feel her nipples getting harder along with the snake in my pants as I pulled away from her with difficulty.

"Okay, you are going to help me figure out what it under it all.  You'll wait for her upstairs in my room, I will escort her up and change her outside the room.  Once she comes in, do you think you can handle her for a while?"

Her grin was wild as she squealed, dropping into my lap and hugging me tightly.  She licked the outside of my ear and said, "I've never been involved except when I was the candidate.  This is going to be so awesome."

"Besides," she said getting out of my lap.  She pulled the short robe open, exposing her firm ebony breasts, capped with pointed hard nipples.  Her sex was covered with bushy black hair that she separated with one thin longfingered hand.  As her eyes slitted closed and she licked her lips she said, "You've got me hooked on getting my ass fucked by a big cock, baby..."  I pushed back the chair and dropped to my knees.  She sat on the very edge of the desk as I took one leg in my hand and licked up the inside of it.

"Mmmm hmmmmm, yeah.  You gonna lick my pussy Daddy?  Hmmm" she cooed as I got closer and closer to her pussy.  Her finger was playing around the outside of her cunt, getting the lips nice and wet.  I teased her a little more, breathing heavily onto her clit, driving her wild.

"Oooooh I like that.   Mmmm, Daddy?  You like the way my candy smells?  You ooooooohhh, you like the waaayyyy MMMMM the way my candy tastes??"  Her voice was girl-like and teasing as I licked the outer lips of her silky slit.  Using two fingers, I pushed the hood back over her clit and lapped at it with my tongue.  Her hands threaded into my hair, practically forcing my face into her crotch.  "Ohh Daddy...Yeah Daddyyy....Uhh huh.  Your little girls pussy feels so good.  Your little girls pussy wants her Daddy's big thick black cock inside it....MMMmmmmmMMMmmmmm Ohhhhhh" she pleaded, practically pulling my head up by my ears.

I slid the head into her super tight pussy, still in my own form.  I took her nipple in my mouth and began to nibble and suck on it.  I began long deep strokes that set her off immediately.  "Ohh Daddy...Oh Daddy....Where's my Daddy...Who are you??  I want my Daddy's big cock...Big Cock...Oh Big cock...Biiiiiiiigggg  COCK!!!!" she screamed as I slowly made my dick the width of my wrist and pushed her cervix back to allow my now ten inch ebony shaft to penetrate her tight hot pussy.

"Oooh Daddy, your cock feels so good...Mmmmm more more more more....Yeah, fuck your baby girl's pussy...Mmmm Hmmmm Mmmm Hmmmm!!!"

I grabbed her hips, impaled her on my cock, lifted her off the desk and carried her into the bedroom.  I sat down and moved to the middle, Jaz still impaled on my cock.  She threw off her robe, put her hands on my chest and started pumping up and down on my cock.  "Ooooh god DAMN that feels good.  Daddy has such a nice cock, such a biiiiig cock, " she continued sliding slowly down my member as she said it.

I wanted to come really badly from all the dirty talking she was doing so I rolled over on top of her and pulled out.  She moved onto her hands and knees and looked back at me expectantly.  "Lets save your ass for tonight" I said as I plunged headlong into her cunt.  She let out a scream as I grabbed her hips and started humping in and out of her at a blurring speed.  I started grunting as her gasping and groaning reached a fevered pitch.

"Come in me...Ungh!!!  Oh GoDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD!" she screamed as she had a mindblowing orgasm, mine not two seconds behind.  I slumped onto the bed, my dick still lodged inside her.  My hips continued moving for almost a minute before I slid out of her.  She looked at me and sighed.  "God I hope she wants a big fat cock because I LOVE yours...."

I smiled and closed my eyes.  It was a few more hours before James came in and told us to get cleaned up for our guest.  We took a shower, managing to keep our hands mostly off one another and got dressed.

I put on the classy suit and tie that James had laid out for me while Jasmine slipped into a french maid's costume.  It was all I could do to not rip her right out of it.

The doorbell rang just as I was entering the Parlour.  James would be bringing her into me in there.  I heard the door open, James say something, and a car pull away.  I heard the footsteps coming down the hall.....

But that's another story:):)




-Geek Writer-
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/geekWriter/
