"John, there is something I wish to discuss with you." John looks over at Sherlock, at his tense shoulders, and this, coupled with the tone of his voice, tells John that whatever it is, it's serious, so he sits down, not on the sofa with Sherlock, but in the chair.

"Ok," he says, and waits for Sherlock to start. Sherlock looks uncomfortable, which is rare, but not as rare as John thought when he moved in. Sherlock gets uncomfortable when he has to talk about personal things, feelings, their relationship.

"I... you know I like our sex life," Sherlock says, and that was really not what John had expected. He nods. "There's just something I'd like to try."

John waits for the continuation of that sentence, but it doesn't seem to be coming. Instead, Sherlock is blushing.

"You don't want to sleep with a corpse, do you?" John asks, because it's the only thing he can think of that is weird enough that it will make Sherlock blush. Or so he thinks.

"What? No!"

"Ok, just asking." The way Sherlock looks at the mere suggestion is funny, but John bites the inside of his cheek. Laughing now would probably not be a good thing. "What is it then?"

"I would very much like it if you were rougher with me," Sherlock says, looking at the floor.

"Rougher how?" John asks, because he's worked his A&E rotations and there are shades to this.

"Tie me up, slap me, hurt me, call me names." Sherlock's voice gets quieter during the list. John is not sure how to respond to this. Hurting someone is not something he wants. He doesn't even want to control Sherlock or tie him up.

"That is... not something I can do," John says. Sherlock tenses even more.

"Ok, well, forget I brought it up," Sherlock says and rises from his chair. He's gone out before John even has time to formulate an answer. Clearly, this requires some careful thinking to find the answer.

*

Over the next week John thinks about the problem more than is probably healthy, but it's apparently important to Sherlock, and as such it's important to him. He's not going to change his mind, he won't dominate Sherlock, his interest in BDSM has always been firmly on the other side of things (and isn't it ironic that they've ended up like this, two devoted subs), but he could find someone else who will. All of the people he knows that are good enough (he's not letting Sherlock play with an amateur) are women though, and as Sherlock once said, that's not his area of expertise. He might get some advice from one of them though.

*

He schedules a meeting with Lady Lydia (stage name, but it fits her) at a café. He tries to work it so Sherlock doesn't know what he's doing but he's reasonably sure he's failed.

When he gets to the café Lady Lydia is already waiting for him, and he's glad he chose her, because she's one of those people who, when meeting in a normal place like this, behaves normally. He's sure the people she works with don't know a thing about her sex life unless she's told them, but he'd never asked. He's not very good at turning off the respect even if she is at turning off her demanding persona.

"I heard you had a long term partner now? Not looking to cheat, I hope," is what she says to him, before even saying hello. She has a mildly disapproving look on her face.

"No, Mistress," he says before he can even stop himself, and she laughs a bit.

"You can call me Annie," she says, so he does, but in that same tone he uses for 'Mistress'. He's sure she notices, but she doesn't say anything about it.

After they've talked a bit, catching up on various things, she asks him why he really wanted to see her, and he launches into an explanation of him and Sherlock, and what Sherlock wants, and how he can't give it to him. There might also be a slightly pathetic moment where he tries to describe how much he loves Sherlock, but Annie looks away during that, to give him time to get himself together.

"So, to sum this up," she says, when he's talked himself out, "you want a guy to Dom your boyfriend, and you want to make sure it's someone who knows their stuff."

"I, yeah," he says. "That was... a bit less wordy than me." She laughs.

"You obviously needed to talk it out. Listen, I know this guy, I can talk to him and you can come around to Chat Noir on Saturday, right? Or do you need to talk to him first?"

"I trust you, Annie," John says, looking down at the table.

"Yeah, I can see that. Just ask your guy before about limits and safeword and I'll arrange a private room, ok?"

"Yeah, ok."