On what remained of Saturday Bruce lounged in bed until the worst of his hang-over had passed, unable to focus on anything except his memories of the previous evening and the resultant graphic fantasies about J.

The J of his imagination was naked and pliant and blissfully mute. Bruce slid his tongue deep into that split and jagged mouth as pale masculine thighs parted eagerly at his touch. He moaned and imagined his partner's answering moan as he slipped effortlessly into the heat and tightness of that willing body.

J had said 'glorious'. Yes, it would be...

Alone in his bed, Bruce worked himself feverishly with one hand, reaching orgasm twice before throwing back the covers in a fit of self-disgust and going to punish himself in his gym.

Later he went to buy groceries and returned to the penthouse to make himself dinner. He had fought hard for his independence – his mother had never really been happy about his insistence at moving out of the manor. Cooking for himself from time to time still filled him with a strange satisfaction. He reached for a chef's knife off the magnetic holder on the wall and began to chop a tomato into segments.

Maybe he should offer to cook for J? No, it would be stupid to try and romance the man as if he was a normal person. Such a gesture would undoubtedly earn Bruce derision.

"By the way... I will fuck you."

... As if it was a decision which Bruce didn't need to trouble himself with and J was just courteously informing him of the outcome.

Smug bastard.

On Sunday Bruce went to the manor for a family dinner. He kissed his mother, who was already waiting, and when his father arrived he jumped up to give him a clap-on-the-back hug.

"Good to see you, dad. How was your trip?"

Over the meal Martha talked about her foundations in Gotham, the problems they were having with the programme for the education of underprivileged children. Thomas talked about his most recent trip to Kenya with the Red Crossand the horrific things he had seen in a country torn apart by civil war. Bruce discussed his corporation's profits and where he was thinking of directing them, and informed them of the corruptions he had uncovered by scrutinizing the revenue streams of other companies.

"I hear you've got some kind of pit-bull working for you over there," his father said casually.

"Yeah, who told you that?"

"Oh I still have my contacts. I understand that this character calls himself 'the Joker', wears loud suits and talks like a mafioso. Some kind of.." Thomas passed his hand in front of his face, "facial scarring."

"Yeah," Bruce grinned. "I like to keep him around for meetings with my rivals. He scares the hell out of them."

Martha frowned. "Don't you think a character like that damages the company's reputation?"

"Well frankly... I'm just glad he works for me and not Luthercorpor somewhere like that. I like to keep him close so I know what he's doing... that way, at least I keep a hand on his collar."

"Be careful Bruce," his father warned. "From the stories I've heard he sounds dangerous. Unbalanced even."

"He's not crazy, actually... that's just an act he puts on to throw people, to make them underestimate him. He's one of the most intelligent and in-control people I've ever met."

"Still," Thomas continued in his calm, authoritative voice, "make sure you don't let him get the better of you. You have a reputation to maintain."

Bruce glanced down at his own hand where it rested on the table cloth, noticing the faint grazing on his knuckles. He was struck by the sudden realisation of how little his parents really knew about him. They saw the good son, the worthy young man to whom they had given over Wayne Enterprises as a gesture of trust. They knew nothing of the Bruce that welcomed darkness, the Bruce that had let the Joker stick a blade in his mouth.

Thomas rose from the table. "I'm sorry, I should get going. I have to go back and get an early night. I've got to do a phone conference with the headquarters in Geneva really early in the morning. "

"Do you need a ride home, dad?"

"No, no – you stay here with your mother." Thomas Wayne made his way around the table, squeezing Bruce's shoulder on his way past and giving Martha a business-like kiss on the cheek.

"Bye Thomas," said Martha, her eyelashes dipping and her patrician features tautening almost imperceptibly. "See you in a few weeks."

"I'll walk you out," Bruce offered, rising from his chair.

When they were at the front door, his father turned to face him for a moment. "Listen, Bruce... it's not my place to say anything. But... maybe, if you could see your mother a little more. Just, you know, drop by. I don't want to pressure you, but I think she'd like that."

"Yeah, sure," Bruce replied, feeling resentment rising within himself for a moment before he repressed it. "I understand."

When Bruce tried the direct line to J's office on Monday and got only an obscene recorded message, he dialed back on the main line to get the secretary, a matronly woman named Shawanda with a coiled and laquered beehive of ebony-coloured braids, lethal-looking bejeweled fingernails and a face as impassive as an Easter Island statue. She treated J with a weary tolerance that he took to signal her undying love for him.

After speaking to her and confirming that J was indeed awol, Bruce tried dialing the last known number for his cellphone. Amazingly the call was even answered.

"Hiiiiii!"

"Your secretary says you haven't been in all day."

"Miss Moneypenny betrayed me, huh? Just for that I'm not going to ask her to marry me."

"I'm sure she'll be relieved. Where are you?"

"Brooks Brothers, shoe shopping. Jesus, some of these shoes are so boring you might even like them."

"Who do you think you are, Carrie Bradshaw? Get back to work before I fire you."

"Now Brucey, I think we both know that's not going to happen. Beeesides, it's one o'clock... I'm on my break now. Why don't you come downtown and have some lunch with me in Spinosa?"

"I can't just drop everything and waltz off for a long lunch."

"Why not? I thought, uh, I thought you're the boss. You said so."

"I have... meetings," Bruce grumbled, aware of how lame his words sounded.

An impatient sigh, as if J considered him dull-witted and deeply uninventive. "Then just delegate to Foxy Lucius. He can do his worldly-wise ooold man thing, and you can have... some fun."

"You actually can't even imagine doing something that you don't feel like doing, can you?" Bruce observed. "Some of us have responsibilities, you know."

Another laden sigh and then a dial tone as J hung up, leaving Bruce feeling infuriated beyond all reason.

Bruce entered Spinosa to find J sitting at a table near the window with a glass of white wine and a plate of snails dressed in oil and herbs sitting before him. He looked up, chewing with his mouth open. "Oh you made it, I'm so thrilled!"

When Bruce sat down opposite he hooked a cooked snail out of its shell with a pick and held it out to him. "These little guys live on fennel fronds. Makes 'em taste like aniseed."

Bruce dutifully ate the proffered morsel and signaled for a waiter to bring him a menu.

"Sooo, is this really the first time you've ever... played hooky?"

"Yeah, you're a bad influence."

"And you like being... led astray." J commented as he mercilessly devoured another mollusc. "So, why were you looking for me? Any reason in par-ticular, or did you just miss my sweet, uh, face?"

"It worries me when I don't know where you are."

"Aww, why I'm touched."

"It worries me because I suspect you're up to no good somewhere or slacking off."

"Hey!" J gestured with his wine glass. "I staged two hostile take-overs before breakfast today so, you know, I've earned my keep like a good doggy." He leaned forward, adopting the tritely philosophical tone of a self-help book: "it's all about... being smarter, not working longer."

"You're wasted in your department – I should make you head of motivational speaking."

"Ooh, I'd like thaaat!"

"Creating your own unholy army of anarchist financiers? I bet you would."

"Worried I might... mutiny? Found a bigger and better company? Buy and sell yooou?"

Bruce did not rise to the threat, continuing to peruse his menu. "What for? You'd get bored. You'd have to go to your own damn meetings."

J slurped his wine and laughed.

On Wednesday Bruce decided to call in to J's office to arrange plans for the weekend. Shawanda assured him (with an eloquently disapproving eye roll) that the menace himself was indeed actually in his lair; however, when Bruce entered he found himself in a room that was seemingly empty.

Many abandoned coffee mugs were scattered about and all available surface space was covered in computer print out and old newspapers. There were signs of recent occupation: a television on top of a filing cabinet showed flickering pictures of the rolling bulletins on a twenty-four hour news channel and a white blazer with blue stripes hung on the back of the office chair. Bruce was still standing in the centre of the room and gazing around, wondering if J would hide in the closet for some reason, when the window slid open and J stepped off the outer ledge and onto his own desk, then hopped down onto the floor.

"Well, well, this is an unexpected pleasure," he purred as he crossed to the storage closet, opened it and dumped his armful of printer paper, pens and boxes of staples inside, then closed the door with a savage kick.

"What were you doing out there?" Bruce enquired mildly, throwing a stack of yellowed newspapers off a chair and sitting down.

"Ah," J smiled, obviously pleased with himself. "Stealing office supplies from my neighbour misteeer Reese. He locks his door when he goes out so he can't figure out how I do it. It's driving him craaay-zee!"

Bruce smiled behind his hand. "If you fall off the ledge and plummet twenty floors to the sidewalk, at least you'll die knowing that it was all in a noble cause."

"Eeexactly! I'm wondering if I can get him to snap and go on a killing spree before Christmas," J said brightly, leaning on the edge of his desk. "So, what can I do for yooou today Brucey?"

"I thought we should make plans for what we're going to do the weekend."

"Plans like which restaurant to go to? Or plans like which position to fuck in afterwards?" He raised an eyebrow. "Because, gotta say Bruce-o, I'm more into going with the flow on that second count. Not that I haven't been imagining certain... scenarios more than others, but I am still entertaining..." an elegant wave of one hand, "possibilities."

"Filthy degenerate," said Bruce, refusing to let himself look unsettled, since he suspected that that was what J wanted.

"Oh, like you haven't been thinking about it. Bet it hasn't even crossed your mind, hm?"

Bruce folded his arms across his chest and offered J a supercilious smirk. "What, your stupid promise? Not once."

"Liar," J stated. "Any-way... it wasn't a promise, it was a statement of..." a pause to consider his next word, brief lick of his lips, "faaact."

"Anyway," Bruce aimed a chastening glare at the other man, "thoughts on restaurants?"

"Like I care." The scarred mouth quirked to one side and he seemed to immediately reconsider his position of indifference. "Ok, ok... what are the options?"

Bruce glanced upwards as he enumerated the eateries that immediately came to mind: "Amici... Café Rossi... Trois Garçons... Zen."

J made a childish face. "Oh, all those places are stupid. You couldn't get a decent gin martini in one of thooose joints even if you held a barman at gunpoint. Believe me – I've tried."

Bruce sighed, making a show of reluctance. "If you want... you can just come over to my place."

J clapped his wide-spread hand over his mouth, an exaggerated mime of surprise. "Yoooou... cook?"

"It's been known to happen."

"Bruce Wayne, playboy billionaire extra-ordinaaaire, wants to have little ol' meee over for an intimate dinner à deux? I'm literally... speechless–"

"And yet you're still talking."

"–why this may be the most genuinely rooo-mantic thing that's ever happened to me! I'm as giddy as a schoolgirl!"

"Just be there at eight-thirty." Bruce made to get up from the chair but a hand shot out and pushed him back.

The voice dropped by a few decibels, becoming scratchily intimate: "hey - you know what else I've been thinking about since Friday?" J pushed himself away from the desk and stalked a circuit around the room, passing behind Bruce and making him feel like he was under police interrogation.

"I can't even imagine."

J stopped short just behind his left shoulder, and when he spoke his lips were close enough that Bruce could feel the rush of breath against his ear. "Thaaat... kiss."

"You have?" Bruce felt a smile tugging at the side of his mouth.

"Yeeeah," J straightened up – as much as he ever did, since his shoulders were habitually set at a forward cant. "I don't mind telling you, it was pretty... disappointing."

Bruce scowled at him. "What?"

"Disappointing," he repeated, as if the other man was hard of hearing. "I mean... you've obviously been... bottling up all that... passion and... aaan-ger... for some time. Yet I finally give you that little... push! – that makes you act on it all – and what do you come up with?" J frowned and shook his head in the attitude of a teacher shaming an apt pupil for a poor performance. "Brief peck and... hasty re-treat." He gave Bruce a leveling look as he hitched a hip up onto the desk and leaned back against it. "Not very impressive. But then... that's you all over Brucey. You're... impulsive," he clenched his fists for emphasis, "but you don't... follow through."

Bruce paused for a moment, watching the smirking demon perched on the desk and closely evaluating him. "You want to know what I think?" he got to his feet and took a step forward, reaching out to brush a speck of lint from the lapel of J's striped waistcoat, then straightening his sky-blue tie with a deft twitch of one hand. He leaned in until his mouth was a bare inch from J's, then abruptly pulled back. "I think this is your way of asking me to do it again."

"Um-hmm," a slight tilting on his chin, a lowering of his lashes so his eyes became green-glittering slits. "Subtlety... was, uh, never my strong suit."

Bruce placed his hands on J's waist, feeling the jut of hipbones through the warm, creased linen of his trousers. If this had been a woman, Bruce would have said something moronic and charming as a prelude to swooping in, then his female partner would inevitably have melted in his arms, her lips parted and sweetly pliant. Yet all those years of experience now seemed useless, telling him nothing about how to approach J – that capricious, dangerous, unknowable creature. Hot, ridiculous excitement coiled in his stomach at their proximity, and the knowledge of what he was about to do.

A second of hesitation – but then a surge forward, carried by the momentum of his own desire as sharply a s if a string had been pulled. His mouth made contact with J's and it was immediately different to what he expected – he had thought J would clash with him, rise aggressively to meet him – but the other man was strangely passive, his lips soft beneath the chapped skin across their surface. Bruce was so surprised by this lack of resistance that he almost overbalanced and pushed them both backwards. Recovering his centre of gravity, Bruce pulled J closer, dragging the other man's frame up and against his own. One hand spanned the small of J's back, the other delicately tilted his chin so Bruce could change the angle of their mouths.

J was like a big floppy pierrot doll in his arms. Bruce had seen him do this odd display of surrender before – lying prone across a tabletop in a bar as he took a beating, laughs bubbling ceaselessly from deep in his chest, until his assailant grew bewildered and backed off, emasculated and disgusted by the perverse reaction to his assault. Bruce decided to demonstrate that was not to be so easily put off: he wound his tongue deeper into the lax mouth, then withdrew it and sucked the other's uncooperative muscle into his own; he wedged his thigh between both of J's and rocked against him. At this last action a reverberating groan rose from the other, a sound like victory to Bruce's ears.

Hands rose to cradle the billionaire's jaw as the doll finally came to life. J was now standing on his own feet, leaning less of his weight on Bruce but still flush up against him. He began to kiss back: slow and measured, somehow both thorough and teasing at the same time. Bruce closed his eyes and gave himself over to the sensations: the heat and solidness of the other's body, the glorious wetness of J's mouth and the flickers of that knowing tongue. He had fantasised about exactly this too many times not to lose himself in it; he didn't even care if J could feel him faintly trembling.

When J ended the kiss with a series of teasing licks and bites, Bruce turned his face to gain access to the long, curved scar that marred one of the other man's cheeks, gently searching its crenellations with the point of his tongue. In response J made a high, surprised sound that trailed into a groan; as if this was the sexiest and most startling thing anyone had ever done for him.

Without warning there came a hard push to Bruce's chest – completely unprepared, the billionaire stumbled blindly backwards until his shoulder hit the wall painfully, followed by his skull: two resounding thumps. In a split second J was on him, dragging him upright and attacking his mouth with doubled fervour. Bruce wrapped his arms around the other's broad back and spread his thighs to let J fit their hips together; then he moaned into J's mouth at the heat of a reassuring hardness pressing against his own through layers of cloth.

J gave him a final searching kiss before pulling back fractionally, trailing a hand down the billionaire's stomach and using his fingers to outline Bruce's cock where it lay up against his hip, provoking a helpless yelp of pleasure. "Hm," a thoughtful licking of his kiss-bitten lips. "Don't know if you're gonna laaast. Think I should give you something... to, uh, tiiide you over 'till the weekend."

"No, no..." Bruce murmured, suddenly remembering where he was: Wayne Towers, J's perilously unlocked office.

Another harsh rub against his crotch. "Funny, feels kinda like a yes." A hand on his chest while the other fumbled at his flies, unzipping and finding their way inside. Roughened fingertips suddenly sliding over his shaft, causing him to twitch his hips and make a strange, needy sound. The fingers curled around him, tightening against his over-sensitized flesh; a thumb rubbed a circle over his slit, gathering the leaking precome.

In response to this last violating touch, Bruce bit down savagely on J's bottom lip and shoved him away in a burst of strength; J took a twisting step backwards and then fell gracelessly onto his behind. He sat there on the paper-strewn floor, laughing uproariously as Bruce hastily rearranged his clothes and pulled his zip back up. Locking his gaze with his employer's, he lifted his hand and showed the patch of glittering wetness on the pad of his thumb.

"When I was a kid... if you got to third baaase, you know, with a girl, we called this 'proof'." J raised the hand to his face sniffing like an animal and then sucking the digit clean and making a rumbling sound of satisfaction.

Bruce was so appalled he couldn't even speak. What was it with this man and bodily fluids?

J scrambled to his feet and moved towards his desk, throwing a look at Bruce over one shoulder. "Oh, don't look at me like thaaat. I've got so many... worse things planned."

Bruce ran a hand back through his hair and took a deep, calming breath, aware that when he was infuriated or aroused he tended to blush a startling shade of red from his chest right up to his eyes. He did not want J, or anyone else in the office, to see him in such an obvious state of agitation. "Friday," he said, as if that one insistent word contained all meaning in the universe.

J threw himself into his office chair and mouthed it back at him, obediently scrawling on the back of his hand with a biro pen.

"And get yourself a new blackberry, for God's sake," Bruce added, pulling his remaining dignity about himself as he walked briskly to the door. With his hand on the doorknob he glanced back to see the other man propping his feet up on the desk, the undisputed lord of his shambolic office kingdom.

"Hey beautiful," J smirked, "wanna know a secret? I do love it when you give in... but I love it even more when you... push back a little."

On the way to his office, Bruce caught sight of his own reflection in one of the many plate glass windows: a red-faced, bright-eyed and tousel-haired thing stared back at him.

On Thursday Bruce called around to see his mother after he had finished his meetings for the day, telephoning ahead to check that she was not caught up in charity work. They went for a walk in the grounds of the manor, both wrapped up in overcoats and scarves against the cold of the late autumn.

"Did your father put you up to this?" she asked.

"What?" said Bruce, affecting innocence.

"Surprise visits. Not that I'm not always glad to see you, darling, but I can't help seeing Tom's hand in it somewhere."

"I guess he's just concerned, even though he knows he doesn't have a right to be. He wants you to be happy."

Martha looked toward the middle-distance, her eyebrows drawing downwards. "Yes, I believe that he does."

"You don't have to be nice about him all the time, you know."

Martha linked her arm with Bruce's and gave a soft smile, the lines around her eyes crinkling. "I don't have a bad word to say - he's irreproachable, your father." When they had walked on a few more steps she added, in a quieter voice: "I suppose that was part of the problem."

Bruce ducked as they passed beneath some over-hanging branches. She continued: "I was the one who asked for a divorce. He never told you that, did he?"

"No."

"He let you think that I was the wronged one. Because he's... noble, gentlemanly, like that." Her expression darkened. "Being married to your father was like being married to a saint. He... he does his duty by everyone. All people are the same, to be treated with equal respect. Nobody is... nobody is special to him." Her voice lowered until it was almost as if she was speaking to herself: "everything is for the higher cause, of course."

Bruce remained silent and thoughtful, just walking next to his mother and letting her lean on his arm.

"He has a girlfriend out in Africa, you know. A doctor with the Red Cross." She laughed humourlessly. "Another saint, no doubt."

"He told you?"

A wry smile. "Of course. Everything is above-board with your father. Besides... we're friends, you know. He insisted that we be friends." There was another interval of silence, Martha seemingly lost in her own thoughts. Eventually she offered, hesitantly: "Bruce, I have no right to tell you how to live your life, but if I could offer just one piece of advice I'd say don't... don't ever give yourself to someone who you feel no passion for, or who feels no passion for you. However... friendly or respectful you are, it'll never be enough."

Bruce gave a tight smile and tried to lighten the tone: "so you advise me to have totally inappropriate, frivolous flings then?"

Martha laughed. "Yes, yes, the more inappropriate and frivolous the better!"

"I can definitely oblige you there."

"Hmm, you're being arch. Alright Bruce, who is she?"

"No-one."

"Bruce, it's obvious you're thinking of someone in particular. Go on, tell me."

Bruce sighed and rolled his eyes up to the darkening sky. "Imagine someone... the complete opposite of dad."