SOVIET SCREAMS

BY UNKNOWN

The first week was difficult. Moving was a chore as my muscles
ached terribly when I attempted to walk. Holding anything in my
hands was next to impossible. But they say, time heals all
wounds, and by the second week I began moving around more
briskly. Performing simple tasks with my wounded fingers became
easier. The Pain Dr. had been by my side the entire time, spoon
feeding me and going as far as to wash my body and even wiping
for me in the beginning. I was totally dependant on him at first
and got a chance to really get to know him. During our time
together, he never missed a chance to teach me new methods of
torture and the proper use of various devices. He had me guage
the punishments that I had just endured on a scale of one to ten
with ten being the most painful. The rack was most painful at a
ten, with the foot caning coming in at a nine, I said. The nail
tortures came in at eight with the extraction being the most
painful of that group. The thumb-screws came in next and the leg
stretch came in last although all tortures were excrutiating, I
added. He explained to me that the review I just gave would vary
greatly among those who had endured the exact same punishments.
No two people have exactly the same reaction to one particular
torture as another, he said. Good inquisitors will always employ
a variety of methods and capitalize on those that obtain the best
results. Some women can be twisted like a pretzel but just touch
thier vaginas with electricity and they sing like nightengales.
Others shrug off electricity but an open flame on their nipples
make them turn in their own mothers.

The Pain Dr. and I continued our conversation and I asked him
some philosophical questions. In the light of todays political
climate, what is the future for professional torturers? Very
bright, he answered. First, think about the escalating crime
problem. When the prisons fill up and the average people can no
longer pay higher taxes to build new ones, what are to become of
the criminals? People have become weary of setting them loose
only to fall prey to them again and again. Obviosly they need to
be punished and in a way that will discourage future
transgressions. My prediction is that torture will become
universal by the year 2000. While I understand that right now the
constitution prohibits 'cruel and inhuman' punishments, remember
alcohol was also prohibited in the 1920's. Things change as
circumstances change. As the courts are boxed in by increasing
crime, lack of prisons, an angry public, and not enough
resources, torture will become the obvious answer. Think about
it, he said; Leg tortures for pocketbook snatchers and muggers,
hand tortures for shoplifters and thieves, electrical and genital
tortures for sexual offenders and rapists, and heavy tortures for
major crimes such as murder and espionage. All these will be
televised so that future criminals might want to think twice.
Won't that be putting to much power into the hands of the
government, I asked? Come on, Donna, get real, the Dr. stated
emphatically! Things have never been worse and the government has
never controlled our lives more than they do today. When the
crime problems have been dealt with, people will be free to
concentrate on their politicians. Those who have raped the people
with excessive taxes and stolen away their freedoms one by one
will face certain and swift justice by an outraged populace along
with their families. They have said let them eat cake, once too
often. Yes, the future is bright because we will become the
teachers of future generations. I felt thrilled to be in the
presense of the Pain Dr. and quickly came to realize that not
only my future, but the future of many others were going to rest
in his capable hands.

We will be leaving tomorrow for the former U.S.S.R. Our job will
be extracting a formula from a scientist who is in poor health
and cannot be tortured himself. You and I will concentrate on his
wife and three children. Departure time will be 600 A.M. sharp so
you should start packing now. I have to do the same, he said as
he kissed me tenderly on the lips and walked away. I was excited
about our up and coming trip.........

The Pain Dr. and I left the apartment at early dawn. Until then,
I had only suspected but wasn't positive that we were in England.
Rod and Alan's thick British accent made me suspicious, but
watching the Dr. drive on the wrong side of the road confirmed
it! We drove until we arrived at Londons Heathrow airport and
quickly boarded the Drs. waiting jet. Minutes later we were in
the air.

As you know, the Dr. said, the republics of the former Soviet
Union are at war and in a total chaotic state of anarchy. We have
been hired by the Croation leadership to obtain a formula from a
high ranking Serbian physicist that will enable them to modify
the tracking device in their laser guided tanks. The problem is
that the Dr. is in poor physical health, suffering from a severe
heart condition. Anything done to him personally might result in
his death. However, he is blessed with a beautiful young wife and
three children, two girls and a boy. It is on these that we will
concentrate our efforts directly in front of the Dr. and see if
we can't pry the formula out of him. His first wife was killed
during the war and he has since remarried a young woman 26 years
old. At 47 he is much older than her but doesn't look it. Here is
a photo of the two of them together. As the Pain Dr. handed me
the photo I noticed the woman was petite, maybe 105lbs. with very
short brown hair, brown eyes, freckles. She seemed somewhat
muscular and I asked the Dr. about it. She was a
semi-professional swimmer before the outbreak of hostilities, he
said. Turning the photo over I noticed her name was Loretta. She
was origionally from the U.S., he added, moving here when she and
the Dr. became serious. Gazing at the Dr. in the photo, I noticed
that he looked late thirtish but very frail, a type of look when
someone has been suffering with heart problems over an extended
period of time. These are the children the Pain Dr. said as he
handed me the next photo. The oldest seemed to be the son who
appeared to be about 16. He was very good looking and had little
resemblance to his ill father. He seemed tall, about 5.10 and
150lbs. He still had somewhat of a boyish face and his blonde
hair made him look younger than he was. The next child was a girl
about 14. She was very pretty with a bright smile. She appeared
to be about 5 feet and maybe 90 lbs. She had long blonde hair and
a very nice figure for a young teen. The youngest child was also
a girl about 10 years old. She had shoulder length brown curly
hair and large blue eyes. She seemed about 4.4' and maybe 60 lbs.
They looked to be the perfect family, I thought, as I handed the
photos back to the Dr. The people who hired us for this job want
to see us work and some of the top military leaders will be
present in the room, he said. I have given them special requests
of particular items that we will need and they will be waiting
for us when we arrive. I didn't mind torturing the Drs. beautiful
wife but I wasn't sure about the children, and mentioned this to
the Pain Dr. We won't go further than we have to with them. I'm
sure the Dr. will be reasonable and provide us with the formula
rather than see his family suffer. I hoped that he was right, but
I got this funny feeling in the pit of my stomach, call it womans
intuition, that this might be tougher than it appeared.

We landed after several hours and were met by a waiting Mercedes.
The driver who was dressed in military garb put our bags and
special equipment into the trunk and we got in and drove for
about an hour until we arrived at a large private home or should
I say mansion. It was a huge building on a very plush estate
surrounded by iron gates and machine gun toting guards. The car
stopped in front of the main door and we were promptly greeted by
military men offering us warm smiles and handshakes. They all
spoke English but had heavy Russian accents. One of them escorted
us upstairs to our rooms and asked us to come downstairs when we
had freshened up. The Pain Dr. and I changed into our white lab
coats and unpacked the equipment in our bags and transferred them
to the black leather satchels. Upon finishing we proceeded
downstairs and a soldier stationed at the base of the stairway
escorted us to a room located at the rear of the house. When the
door swung open, I noticed several rows of men and women in
military uniforms sitting and facing what looked like a large
stage. The Physicist was dressed and strapped into a stout wooden
chair bolted to the floor, his hands tightly bound behind his
back. He was facing his family who were all totally naked and
secured to various devices.

His wife was secured in an iron chair by way of metal straps
containing hundreds of needle sharp spikes about an inch apart.
The chair itself was covered with these same cruel devices, with
literally hundreds of points. Every part of the womans body was
in contact with the nails and she squirmed in terrible discomfort
making horible sounds into her gag. They were under her feet,
arms, hands, ass and every place in between. There was a trapdoor
under her seat and a cloth covered bucket next to it.

The sixteen year old boy was secured to a very low table with
many leather straps covering his arms, legs, body, wrists,
ankles, head and neck. He had become part of the table which was
no more than a foot off the ground. He was gagged and
blindfolded.

The fourteen year old daughter was tied to a crucifix type cross
by her wrists and ankles. She was laying on her back looking up
at the cieling. She was also gagged but had no blindfold. There
was a hole next to the base and a machine with wires coming out
going to a metal plate on the foot block.

The youngest daughter, the ten year old, was tied to an X-frame
with many straps holding her little body tightly against it. Next
to it there was a table on wheels and the Pain Dr. took out many
devices and shiny tools and laid them on it. The young girl
watching this started crying into her gag.

The Pain Dr. addressed the audience who numbered about 20.
Welcome. For those of you who don't know me, I am the Pain Dr.
and this is my assistant Donna. Thankyou for attending this
evening. You will witness various methods of torture today and I
hope the experience will be both beneficial and educational. You
may take notes and if you have any questions, please feel free to
ask me later on. The Pain Dr. turned to me and asked me if I was
ready to begin. I told him I was.

The Pain Dr. turned to the Physicist and asked him for the
formula. Save your family terrible suffering. Just give me the
formula and you will all be set free. I can't, the Dr. said, his
voice shaking with fear. Hundreds of lives are at stake. I won't
betray my country. Very well, the Pain Dr. said. We will begin
with your older daughter. He went over to the frightened 14 year
old girl and picked up four wires with aligator clips on the end
and clipped two on the young girls tender nipples.
MPPPFFFFFFFFFFF she screamed into her gag, her eyes wide with
pain and terror. He clipped the other two to her pussy lips.
MPPPP PPPFFFAAHHHHHHHHHHH she shrieked as the gag allowed no
scream to penetrate. The Pain Dr. motioned two large soldiers
over and they picked up the crucifix and dropped it into the hole
in the stage. She was now hanging by the ropes on her wrist,
pushing down on the footblock to relieve some of the stress from
her arms and chest. Let me explain how crucifixion works, he
said.

Gravity pulls down the body, causing stress on the chest muscles.
The victim, in this case your beautiful young daughter, is forced
to push down on the block that her feet are resting on to relieve
the terrible stress on those muscles and permit breathing. As
long as this takes place the victim can last for many days before
sucumbing to exhaustion and death. In ancient times, the legs of
the crucified were broken, thus not allowing the victim to push
up to relieve the cramping in the chest. Death by suffocation
generally followed. We have modified this by placing a metal
plate on the footblock. The plate is charged so that if she tries
to push off with her feet she will recieve powerful electric
shocks on her most sensitive areas. The Pain Dr. reached down and
turned on the current. The girl wh had been supporting herself by
the block yelped into the gag and quickly lifted her feet thereby
hanging her full weight on her wrists. After a minute she grew
tired and rested her feet on the plate. She screamed and tears
flowed down her face, eyes wide in agony. Her feet moved up and
down as she did the slow dance of crucifixion agony. The Pain Dr.
looked over to the Physicist. Well, how about it?

"Save your family", the Pain Dr. exorted the Physicist. The bound
and terrified Dr. just stared at his naked and helpless daughter
cry out in agony as the cruel electricity shocked her sensitive
nippples and tender orifaces, while at the same time stretching
her young chest muscles beyond endurance."Please stop this", the
Dr. cried out. "If I could tell you anything, don't you think I
would"?

"You can and you will", the Pain Dr. assured him.

He walked over to the teen boy tightly strapped to the low table
and motioned me over.

"This one is all yours", he said as he handed me a pair of thin
latex surgical gloves, a tube of lubricating jelly, and a small
tin of red pepper."Sit down in front of his penis and rub a
generous amount of pepper onto it. After slipping into the tight
fitting gloves I made myself comfortable and poured about a
teaspoon of the red powder into my hand. Starting with the head
of his limp tool, I began to rub it in thoroughly. It quickly
became erect and very stiff partly because of my stimulations and
als o due to the severe burning sensation he must have been
feeling."Now use the lubricating jelly and begin masturbating
him, but do not stop for anything, not even for a moment", the
Pain Dr. instructed. Squeezing a glob in my hand I began stroking
up and do wn his shaft using different techniques I had learned
over the years. While I truly enjoyed this, I couldn't figure out
what the torture was here. The Dr, seeing my puzzled expression
just said, "remember, too much of anything can be very painful".
It didn't take more than about two minutes of my expert
manipulations and he shot a huge load of creamy white cum all
over his stomach. I just continued, not letting up on my hand
movements for even a second as he started squirming against his
bonds, making sounds into his gag for me to stop. But I was just
having to much fun and kept rubbing and rubbing, one hand always
in motion even when I reapplied the pepper to maintain his
erection or the jelly to provide the proper lubrication. After
another five minutes he came again, although not as much came out
this time. Now he was really sensitive and fought hard against
his bonds and screamed into his gag as I just continued to rub
and caress his tool.

Meanwhile, the Pain Dr. went over to the woman bound in the iron
chair. He lifted the cover off of the object by her side. It was
a hibatchi style grill filled with coal which he ignited with a
match. He placed several tools into the flames as he once again
asked the physicist to reconsider. The helpless Dr. gazed out
over his family; his impaled daughter screaming and squirming,
his son fighting against the straps as the forced masturbation
became mo re and more maddening, his young daughter waiting in
terror on the X-frame as the shiny tools glistened in front of
her, and now his wife, about to experience the pains of hell. The
Dr. just looked down and remained silent. "Have it your way", the
Pain Dr. said. He continued watching as the flames burned down
and the coals glowed with red hot intensity, while I rubbed and
stroked non stop. Ten minutes later he shot another load and his
pleasure soon turned to muffled shrieks as I concentrated at
caressing the most sensitive spots, using the palm of my hand
against the head of his shaft. He screamed animal type screams
into the gag as the leather straps creaked against the strain o f
his tugging. His eyes were wide and pleading, begging for me to
stop.

