Mom and I continued to sleep together throughout the summer.  Many times we would wake up in each other's arms, snuggling together in the nude.  Making love first thing in the morning was a common thing for us.

I t was a beautiful sunny Saturday morning.  Neither of us had to get up, so we relaxed in bed.  I was laying spooned into her back with my erect cock being caressed by her buttocks.  I knew she could feel it as she wiggled her ass against it.  She reached for my hand and placed it on her breast, letting me feel her already hard nipple.

She rolled over and kissed me, open mouthed.  "Jimmy, please make love to me."

No matter how horny we were, no matter how excited she was, it was always "Please make love to me", not "Fuck me" or any other expletive.  I don't think she would ever say a dirty word if her life depended on it.

She rolled over and spread her legs for me.  I was always turned on to see her pussy, her hair matted with her juices.  I bent down and licked the juices off of her lips.  She would never ask me to do this, but I knew she enjoyed it.  I licked the length of her slit and sucked her clit gently into my mouth.  She gently pushed me away and I knew what she wanted.  She pulled her knees back and I mounted her.  I slid my penis into her very slick pussy and began thrusting.  She thrust back at me, stroke for stroke.  We rattled the bed frame and occasionally knocked it against the wall.  We really didn't care how loud we got in our lovemaking.

I could feel my orgasm starting to build as she started tensing for hers.  This always pushed me over the edge and I squirted my cum deep in her pussy.  She clasped her legs tightly around me and I could feel her pussy clamp down on my penis.  We stayed that way for a few minutes.  After the passion passed and she opened her eyes, I kissed her, our tongues swirling on each other's mouth.  

I rolled off of her.  "I guess we better get moving.  The chores don't do themselves."

"Right, Mom."

We got up and headed out to the kitchen.  We hadn't bothered with any clothes as the morning was fairly warm.

"Looks like somebody was having some fun this morning"

Startled, we turned and saw my Aunt Mildred sitting on the couch.  In shock, Mom turned around and ran back into the bedroom, closing the door behind her.  I ran into the bathroom and locked the door.  "What now?" I thought as I sat on the toilet.  "What is she going to think of us?  Will she tell Dad?"

This was a big surprise for me, and Mom, too.  Usually Aunt Mildred will write before she comes up.  She visits Dad almost every month and stays with us for two or three days.  She lived in southern Indiana and would drive up.  It took her about 15 hours to get here, and she would arrive after we went to bed, usually around 1 or 2 in the morning.  We never locked and she would let herself in.  This time we never got a warning that she was coming.

My heart raced wondering where this will lead.  I knew I couldn't stay here all day.  I rummaged through the hamper to find some clothes and put them on.

Aunt Mildred rapped on the door.  "Come on out and we will talk, Jimmy."

I went out and she was sitting on the couch.  She patted the seat next to her and said, "Sit down."

I sat next to her, looking at her with fear.  "Will you tell Dad?"

"Jimmy, you are not the first boy to fall in love with his mother.  I know that there are many other sons who love their mothers like you do.  You want to give each other pleasure, and that is not a bad thing.  Your Mother loves you and wants to make you happy, too"

"But what about Dad?"

"I think he will understand.  He knows your Mother needs loving and I think he would rather you take care of her than some stranger."

"But what if he doesn't?"

"I don't think that will be a problem.  Your Father and I have been lovers since we were kids, and he knows about me and Walt Jr."

"HUH??"

"Your Father and I have been lovers since we were kids.  He was 11 and I was 14 when the flu epidemic struck.  Mother and I were only mildly affected, but your Father and Grandfather were bedridden for quite a while.  Mom would take care of them and I helped.  I walked in on Mom one day as she was washing Dad and I watched as she stroked his penis.  He appeared to really enjoy that.  All of a sudden, white stuff gushed out of his penis.  He groaned and relaxed, then sat up and kissed Mom.  I made a noise and she hastily covered up Dad and turned around.  "What are you doing here?" she asked.  "I brought some more towels."  She gave me a look that I did not want to ask anything as she might be mad.  Later on that day, I went into Frank's room.  "I know something that will make you feel better.  I saw Mom doing it to Dad."  I took the sheet off of him and began to stroke his penis.  He looked at me quizzically but his penis grew stiff.  I stroked it like I saw Mom do it and pretty soon he stiffened and squirted a small stream of clear fluid.  When he got well, we did more and more.  As we grew up, we progressed in our lovemaking, pleasuring each other regularly."

"So you and Dad had sex regularly?"

"Yes, and we do to this day."

"When you visit Dad, do you - - ?

"Yes, we still do, even with his limitations."

You mentioned Cousin Walt."

Your Uncle Walt started drinking when he was medically discharged from the Army.  He drank himself into oblivion and he lost interest in me and the rest of his family,  I got lonely and asked Walt Jr to come into my bed so I didn't have to sleep alone.  One thing led to another and he ended up taking care of me."

"Do you still have sex with Walt Jr?"

"Not much anymore.  Since he joined the army and got married, I don't get to see much of him any more.  He and Cindy still visit when they can and we have some fun."

"How come you didn't send us a letter before you came up?"

"I did.  I mailed it Monday.  You didn't get it"

"No."

"I wondered why you were so open this morning.  You guys made plenty of noise."

"Are you going to talk to Mom?"

"I think I better."

She got up and went to the bedroom door and rapped on it.  There was no answer, so she opened the door and walked in.  Mom had thrown a robe on and was laying face down on the bed, crying.  Mildred sat on the bed and put her arm around her.  Mom pushed it away and rolled away from her.

"Lois, You are not the first woman who had her son take care of her "needs".   There are things you need to know about Frank and me."

She basically told her the same things that she told me.  Mom finally sat up and Mildred put her arms around her.  Mildred motioned me to come in and sit next to Mom and put my arms around her.  Mom was still crying and Mildred lifted and kissed her on the lips, not like a sister, but more like a lover.  Mom had a startled look on her face when Mildred put her arms around her, but she did not break the kiss.  Mildred grabbed my arm and put it on Mom's shoulders.  She took my other arm and placed my hand on Mom's breast, holding it in place.  Mom's eyes got wide when she felt our hands on her breast.

"Walt Jr's wife taught me a few things, Lois.  Walt told her about us before they got married, and she did not want to be left out."

With that, she slid her hand inside Mom's robe and put her hand on her bare breast.  She went back to kissing Mom, only this time Mom was kissing her back, open mouthed, with their tongues snaking around each other's mouth.

They broke the kiss.  Mildred took my hand from Mom's breast and opened the robe.  She pushed it aside exposing her breasts.  She bent down and took a nipple in her mouth, causing Mom to moan.  I reached over and took her other nipple in my fingers, feeling it grow rigid.  She looked at me, and I kissed her.  I could tell she was getting aroused as her face and chest were flushing.

Mildred backed up and pushed me away.  She undressed and pushed Mom back on the bed and stood between her legs.  She bent down like I would and mounted her.  She started to grind her pussy to Mom's and Mom clasped her legs around her and began to thrust back.  From the way Mom reacted, this was not the first time she had done this.  I stroked my penis as I watched them.

My Aunt Mildred was as skinny as Mom was voluptuous.  She probably weighed just short of 100 pounds.  She had hardly any breasts, just a pair of large nipples.  Her ass was slim and boyish, and her full pubic bush was grey, just like the hair on her head.

In a very short time, Mom climaxed.  She released her legs from around Mildred and just lay back.  Mildred went down between her thighs and began to lick the juices from Mom's pussy, alternately licking her slit and nibbling on her clit hood.  Mom held her head to her pussy and began to thrust again.

In her position,  Aunt Mildred's ass was sticking up in the air with her pussy exposed.  I walked around to her rear, grabbed her ass, and slid my cock all the way into her depths.  She bucked up against me as I thrust into her.  Amazingly, she was still tight and well lubricated.  I was so horny at that time that it only took a few strokes before I came.  As she was older than Mom, I knew she had no worries about pregnancy either.  I gave one last hard thrust and came in her pussy.  She felt it and it pushed her over the edge and she came, too.

We all untangled, lay back, and relaxed in the afterglow of our orgasms.

"I think I have been missing out on something all these years, Lois."

"Maybe I have, too, Mildred."

We heard a car honk at the end of the driveway.  "Mailman!" I said as I grabbed some clothes and ran out to get it. 

There was only one letter, a tattered one with several postmarks on it, including Bloomington, Indiana dated Monday and Jackson, Mississippi dated Wednesday.
