The Maid : Chapter 1

Ever since I was in my teens, as far as I can remember, I was fascinated with the concept or **** or at least forced sex. I liked the idea of having the power and the strength to force my will on a woman and do whatever I wanted to with her. After a lot of masturbating and thinking about how to go about doing it and getting away with it, I had almost come to the conclusion that it was pointless and that my fantasies would go unfulfilled, when opportunity not just knocked but slammed through the door into my life.

I was in Delhi, preparing for my boards, which gave me a lot of opportunity to be at home alone as both my parents worked. We had a female servant ( funny how they always seem to bear the brunt of out weird desires!! ) called Sandhya. She was a reasonably good-looking woman with mid to large sized tits, a nice rounded ass and mid length hair. She had just given birth to a boy and her boobs always seemed to be bursting out of her kameez. Sometimes if I was lucky I could see the wet patches of milk on that. Ever since she had given birth to the kid, I had my eye on her because of those boobs. Sometimes she obliged me with a view of them while sweeping the floor ( no chunni and bra... I wonder why?? ). I was happy with what I got... just didn't have the guts to do anything in spite of my raging desire to take her in the kitchen or the bathroom or wherever else I saw her.

She shared the small house on the rear with her husband and brother-in-law. One fine day after her morning duties she came to me with a letter from her husband's parents. Since none of them could read, my mother usually read the letters for them, but my mother not being around I was asked to. In the letter her in-laws asked her man to send his brother back home as he seemed to have come to the city only after her... guess I wasn't the only one who lusted for her. There were a lot of other things about how they had heard rumours of her being chaalu and so on. I asked her if this was true and if her brother-in-law had made a move towards her. She replied that he had and she had repelled him. She requested me not to mention the letter to anybody and I knowingly promised her.

Once the letter came everything fell into place. The very next day after she was done with her chores, I called her to my den ( an additional room at the rear of the house which was basically my place, with a bed and table and other stuff ). I asked her if she enjoyed the sex with her husband. She was scandalized by that question and said "bhaiyya kya baat kar rahe ho?" I repeated the question and she said she was leaving. I leapt out of my chair and forced her back against the wall, pressing my body hard against her. I was nice to feel her tight big boobs on my chest. She struggled, squealing "bhaiyya, yeh kya kar rahe ho, choddo mujhe, abhi jaane do." I wasn't about to let her go. Grabbing her hands I pulled them up above her, raising her tits. I could feel her struggling to get away, the quick rise and fall of her breasts driving me nuts. My knee was halfway up her legs. I forced them a little wider and got my hips right in front of her pussy. My penis was hard and erect and I knew she could feel it through the thin salwaar. I pushed my dick in harder and started to grind my dick in deeper. She started to cry and squirmed to get away from it, squealing and whimpering, "choddo na bhaiyya, jaane do", "choddo na".

I was getting excited and told her to shut up or else the letter and its contents would go to her man. And anyway her man could never offer her the pleasure I probably could. She nearly screamed... "nahin". I pulled her chunni away with my teeth and tied her hands behind her back with it. I must say she fought back; unfortunately I was just a bit stronger. She was whimpering again with her pleas to let her go. I held her by her hips and bent down and bit her nipple lightly she jumped and arched her back nearly screaming "aahhhh". Once she arched her back one of my hands was between her legs pressing and rubbing her pussy really hard. My penis nearly exploded on her reaction. She started to struggle even more wildly trying to get away from the hand, and my mouth on her tit, and fell on the floor. I caught her by her legs and dragged her to the bed. I was erotic to see her writhing while I was pulling her. I lifted her bodily and threw her on the bed. The floor rubbing on her tits had made the nipples erect, and I couldn't resist biting the nipples once more at. Because of my carelessness she nearly succeeded in undoing the chunni. That called for desperate measure, so I tied her hands to the bedposts and stood back to watch my work.

I could see the fear in her eyes and her squirming and writhing to get away. The legs thrashing trying to get a hold so as to pull away from the bedpost where I had tied her hands. After some time the struggles subsided and she started pleading, "bhaiyya jaane do, main kuch bhin karoongi, bas jaane do". I responded, "kuch bhi karegi to yeh kar na". That seemed to ignite her and she started to scream, "koi hai", bachaao" ( I thought that only happened in movies!!! ). I frantically looked around for a rag, a handkerchief, anything.... I finally took the pillow cover and stuffed her mouth, and slapped her hard. She looked really surprised and scared.

Pushing up her kameez I took a hold of the string to her pajama, rubbing my open palm on her belly feeling the smooth skin. She reacted as if a snake had crawled there, arching her back and throwing her body this way and that. That pissed me off and I sat on her stomach facing her legs and slowly untied the knot, pushing her pajama down her legs... and no panties!!! Man what the fuck do they do, it was like an open invitation. She flailed her legs, crossing them and spreading them wide to try and stop me from pulling them down. I slapped her on her pussy and she quieted down for a bit. The smell from her pussy was sweeeet. All the time the "unnnhhhhh", "unnnhhh" and a sudden "uennnnnnn" was driving me crazy, but I wanted to savour the moment and enjoy my first **** at my own pace. I finally pulled her pajamas off. I didn't really waste any time in pushing her kameez over her head, I wanted those milk laden tits worse than the pussy. It was erotic the way she was trying to hide her pussy by crossing her legs and turning this way and that as far as she could. I knelt down beside the bed and took hold of one the tits; she tried to turn away so I couldn't get to it. But there's only so far you can get when you hands are tied wide apart. I started to squeeze it slowly and then harder. She started screaming as loud as she could with the gag..."aaaannnnnn", "uuunnnnnnnnnnn". I just couldn't wait any longer and started sucking at it hungrily.... the milk literally poured out of it. I sucked for quite a while, nearly emptying the tit.

Now it was time for my long-suffering nanhe mian to have his day. I undressed and pulled my dick out, it was hard and the veins were throbbing on it. It however wanted a blowjob first. So I sat on her chest feeling the nice softness of her tits on my ass, and pulled out her gag. She immediately started to scream. I had to slap her quite a few times to get her to stop. I held her head and slapped her face with my dick, but she refused to open her mouth, so I clamped my finger around her nose. She held her breath, but not for long, as soon as she opened her mouth I shoved my dick in deep... Aaah, man the hot wet feeling of a mouth with a tongue snaking around your dick is the greatest pleasure on earth. I held her head by her hair and started fucking her mouth slowly and the rapidly. She went on with her "uunnnnghs" and "aaannnnnghs", choking some of the time. I just held her head and rammed it in, my dick glistening with her saliva and my precum. In and out it went for quite some time till I was ready to cum.... and come I did, shooting load after load down her throat keeping my dick in forcing her to gulp in my seed.

My dicki-boy needed a short rest and was ready for the finale. I got on the bed straddling her hips. She saw what I was planning and crossed her legs and shut them tight. I tried to pry them apart but it was very tight. So I took the bed sheet pulled her leg to one side and tied it to one end and did the same to the other. I loved women tied spread-eagled waiting to be fucked. Pushing a pillow under her ass to push up her pussy, I sat between her legs, wet my dick and started to push it in. Surprisingly, it wasn't as hard as I thought it would be. As I started pushing her writhing and squirming became more and more insistent, her muted screams from the gagged mouth only driving me crazier. I had to hold down her hips and plunge my penis in one shot. The tight, wet, hot insides almost made me explode. It made her arch her back high and a long "unnnnnnnnnnnnnggggggggghhhhhhh" escaped from her mouth. I started pumping and pinching her tits, pulling at them, cupping her breasts and kneading them. She still tried to get away from my hands. My fucking became harder and stronger, each thrust matching her "aaaaannnnngggh", pushing in deep. Faster and faster I went. I could hear my balls slapping on her ass. I held her tits and pulling them tried to push in harder each time. With each thrust I got a longer "unnnnngh" out of her. I was slamming as fast and as hard as I could, holding on to her tits for dear life. She was going up and down on the bed with every thrust slamming her back, her boobs swinging wildly this way and that, her legs jerking as if to unseat me as I rammed into her. I was fast approaching climax time... I wish I had recorded the stuff.... the wildly shaking bed with her going up and down shaking her head and knees wildly, and me pushing and pushing.... finally I came... as I had come never before spurting glob after glob of semen into her belly. I came nearly for a minute.

After waiting a couple of minutes to catch my breath, I got up, got the camera and took a couple of snaps of her tied up all nude... not only for my and my friends future pleasure, but also to ensure that she stayed in line. My friends and myself had lots of fun with her over the next year that she was around, but that I guess is another story.
fter the first taste of ****d pussy, I quitened down for a while, my desires sated and my dick secure in the thought that as long as I had the pics I could get some without a fuss. But the feeling of power, the rush of adrenalin that is the outcome of total domination of a female, is something that my mind wanted again and again. However I knew that as long as I had the snaps she would come to me like a subdued bitch and would give in to my demands noiselessly. I certainly wanted that feeling of absolute power, the feeling of literally "owning" something, the freedom to do as I pleased, when I pleased, where I pleased. But soon I realized that more than the power, the high, I wanted to have to work to get it, to feel the woman struggling beneath me, pleading with me, her body writhing, wriggling, screaming to get away, and I, getting my way by sheer strength and will power. I had to do something different to get that kind of a response from Sandhya the second time around, something bizarre and totally unexpected where fear and surprise would make her forget that I still had the pics and she had to do what I wanted.

So I started primimg myself for the next 'taking' (depending on when I got a plan...it would be quite some time). I stopped touching her, fondling her breasts, dry fucking her ass. I stopped looking at her. I stopped going near her. The way I saw it, the greater the hunger, the sweeter the food would taste. At the same time I started thinking as to how to go about it and as usual try to get away with it. I was surprised at how hard it was to make a person react extremely to a situation. Finally after about a month or so of deep contemplation, I had the inklings of an idea. I sure as hell hated sharing 'my' peice of flesh but there didnt seem to be any other way to do it in the comfort and security of my home. I had to bring in somebody else.. How I mulled over the thought that she would no longer be mine alone and worse.... the next time it would be even harder to '****' her. If I was going to have to do it, I might as well bring in my closest friends rather than just some acquiantainces. It had to Karan and Sammy, guys I had grown up with, ogled at girls with, rushed at women on holi and put my hand down their breasts with, danced and frequently brushed against a soft ass with, and yea... thought about raping somebody with, cool guys...

So one fine day, after a week of total abstinence, not masturbating even once, I called the guys over and went over the plan, even bought quite a bit of rope, crepe bandage (you'll find out soon enough...) and other things to prepare for it. And there we sat, smiling with our knowledge of how the near future would look like. It was a nice feeling, anticipation, excitement, arousal all mixed together. I bought out the sheaf of pics from my last encounter and spread them strategically on the cofee table. The ropes and other items were hidden away under the sofa and we sat in the living room. I had cleared out the area behind us, that formed the dining room, of the table and other stuff. There were windows on both sides (we'll use them... don't worry). Then I went and knocked on her door and told her to prepare some lemonade for me and my friends. She came dressed as usual in her salwaar kameez... without the damn bra.... man when would she learn!!

After about five minutes she came with a tray an three glasses of nimbu paani. She came up to the cofee table and bent to put the tray on it, when she noticed the pics. She froze for a second there, and then looked at me and Karan and Sammy, her eyes wide with fear, her mouth open in surprise. She frantically looked towards each of us. She put the tray down on the table slowly, turned around ..... and ran. Big mistake!! Karan was too quick for her and grabbed her by her shoulders, physically lifting and turnig her around so that part of her body was across the sofa right in front of me while Karan stood behind it holding her hands behind her. She screamed... "aaaaannnnnhhhh". I nearly came, just hearing her scream. Karan immediately twisted one of her arms and clapped his hand over her mouth and all you could hear was the "ummmmhhhhhh" and "eeeeeemmmmmmmhhhh". Her waist and legs were flopping around in front of me, her body twisting this way and that trying to get away from Karan. I saw the opportunity and grabbed her below the waist and stood up, lifting her in the air, her head on Karan's shoulder with his one hand on her mouth and the other holding her arm, her legs flapping around in front of me. She was trying to take his hand off her mouth, making her body swing left and right between me and Karan, her free tits wobbling and moving all over the place, her muted screams of "aaaammmmmppppphhhh" and "oooooommmmmhhhhh" making me really hard. As soon as I stood up Sammy pushed the sofa and the cofee table out of the way.

We put her down, Karan still holding one arm and stopping her screams. As soon as she touched the floor, she started twisting her body even harder, arching her back, kicking out with her legs, trying to push us away with her free arm, but with three strong guys on her, there was no chance. I wrapped her wrists in crepe bandage while sammy put them on her ankles. Sammy then took out a towel tied a knot in the middle, pushed the knot into her mouth and tied it behind her head, gagging her. You wont beleive the amount of noise even a gagged person can make. She was contanstly "uuummmmmmhhh"..ing and "ooohhmmmmppph"...ing. I grabbed a hold of her kameez at the v-neck and started ripping them apart. This galvanized her into action and she started wriggling and twisting even harder, screaming muted "nnnaaaaaahhhhhhnnn"..s. Slowly everything came off... and I marvelled at the body I hadn't touched and seen in quite a while. We tied the ropes to her wrists and ankles and tied them to the windows lifting her about a meter off the ground. Man it was quite a sight, a naked women suspended a couple of feet above the ground in the middle of your living room, her knees jerking (as much as they could), trying to close a view to her pussy, her tits falling this way and that, her back arching as she tried to loosen the knots, sounds of would-be screams coming from her throat.

While we were watching, Sammy knelt down in front of her choot and (damn... didnt know he was a choot man) and smelled it. Maybe he didnt like it or something, but he went to the bathroom and came out with a shaving blade and cream. Sandhya watched him horrified at what he was going to do. As soon as she came near her, her twisting and writhing began with low moans escaping her mouth. when he sprayed on the cream she went wild, bucking and moving her hips trying to stop him from doing anything. We watched for a while, lokking at her jiggling boobs and her body twisting and turning in the air. It just drove me nuts. Since it had to be done, I knelt and held her hips tightly and Sammy started shaving her pussy slowly. Karan in the meanwhile took on of her tits in his hand and started chewing on it. Sandhya was shaking her head wildly, trying to move her hips, pulling her knees back and forth screaming as hard as she could. But Sammy (kept his fucking cool) went on shaving as if he were doing his own cheek instead of a bitch's cunt.

When he was done he knelt near it and took a deep breath enjoying the scents. He held her hips in his hand suddenly stuck his face in her pussy sucking loudly. I swear I have never seen a body arch like that in my entire life. Sandhya bucked wildly at his touch and trying to get away from his tongue screaming "uuummmmmhhhh" and "aaaaaaaammmmmmmmmmh". I watched the scene, not believing that my dick had been hard for almost 20 minutes. I decided to go for her milky tits.... knelt beside her breasts and started sucking and biting on of them while kneading the other. She was squirming trying to get away from the teeth on her tit, the hand on her nipple and the mouth eating up her pussy. Sammy was going at it full speed, finger fucking her while sucking at it. She totally wasnt prepared for Karan when he went around and stood at her head which was lolling, tears streaking her face. He unzipped and took out his lil big guy, and slapped her face with it. She turned her head away. I sat back to watch... the moment he untied her gag she screamed.... aaaaaaeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh. Karan clamped down on her nose and mouth and I pinched and twisted her nipples really hard.. She bucked wildly and for a moment Sammy lost his position. She was writhing in the air wildly trying to loosen Karan's grip on her face. He legs were flopping in the air, it was just too much and I nearly came. She eventually tired and let Karan put his dick in her mouth. Karan held her head and started fucking it. I went back to finishing up the milk. At that very moment Sammy decided to bite down on her clit.... She just went uuuuuuuunnnnnnnnhhhhhhh arching her back, her legs tight and straining against the ropes.

I decided Sammy had had enough of her pussy and got between her legs and nudged her labia with my dick-head. She started shaking her head, Karan slapped her to keep it stable, and kept on fuckin. I rammed my penis in savouring the wet warmth, her legs bent straining against my penis and a groan escaped her mouth. I started fucking her. The sight of Karan's dick wet and shiny, moving in and out of her mouth drove me wild. I could hear his balls slapping her forehead and the slurping noise of her tongue on his penis. Holding her hips I started pumping in feeling the walls of her cunt brush against my dick. Sammy wanted some of the action too... so he climbed astride her, held her tits and started tit fucking her. Pretty soon we were up in heaven about to cumm.... Karan came seconds later splattering her throat with blob after blob of cum, forcing her to swallow it all.... I came a little later shooting blob after blob of cum in her cunt..... Sammy was a little messy being a little "out of the element" and splattered her face with his load of semen. As soon as Karan pulled out she let out yet another scream..... eeeeeeeennnnnnnnnnhhhhhhhhh. Sammy got pissed off, and lifted her up by her nipples... must have hurt cos she screamed again, louder, aaaaaahhhhhhh.... this time in pain. He let go and Karan gagged her while we sat back to get our breaths back, watching her wriggle feebly, pulling and testing the ropes.

We had a great opportunity and we wanted to do something really cool... things like these don't happen everyday. So we figured we sould fill her all up. Heck she had three holes to offer didn't she. The very thought of it made our captains go up, the fact that we had rested for almost ten minutes just slipped by.... We tossed a coin and I got the mouth, Sammy the pussy and Karan her ass. The question was how to do it then. She must have realized something was up because as we walked over to her I could see the fear in her eyes and the slow shaking of her head, the pleading expression on her face. Karan was the first to try since she had a virgin ass... He got under her with loads of gel and lubricated his fingers and tried to push it in her ass. Sandhya jumped and started to swing her body twisting and turning as she realised what we were doing. Sammy held her hips and Karan went at it lubricating her asshole. She squirmed this way and that, her tits jiggling all over the place. Finally he was ready. We loosened the ropes and let her down on top of Karan. The moment she got a little bit loose and her feet touched the ground she started struggling again, really hard this time pushing her hips up away from Karan, so Sammy held her legs and I grabbed her hands and lifted them up so that she couldnt raise her hips. As Karan got a hold oh her ass and started pushing it in she squirmed harder wailing aaaaaaaaiiiiihhhhhhhhh.... Karan got pissed off and literally slammed into her, driving his penis in to the hilt. She screamed ...aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhnnnnnhhhhhhhhhh... man how I loved those screams. As soon as Karan was in... Sammy shoved his in to, told me he could feel Karan's dick in her ass... I brought my dick near her face and she turned it way... (what was she thinking) I held her head by the hair and pushed my dick in. And off we went the three of us, pumping in all places... her body was rocking with our every thrust, her legs going up and down the floor, her body squirming and writhing... her tits bobbing... I grabbed her nipples and pulled at her tits with every thrust. She was uuuuuuuuummmmmpppppppph... ing and uuuuunnnnnnnhhhh...ing with each of Karan's and Sammy's pumps... Sammy and Karan started slamming in harder and harder... their balls slapping her ass, her thighs. Sandhya was now arching her back with every thrust as she felt their dicks rip her apart. I wanted to enjoy my moment so went at my pace, kneading her tits twisting her nipples as I pumped in and out... I could see that they were close to climaxing, Karan thrust in on last time deep and kept it in spurting his seed in her ass, Sammy came a little bit later. I was still fucking her head going slow. Karan and Sammy came up to her tits and took on in each mouth and bit and nibbled at it. I grabbed her head and started pumping harder, choking her sometimes... trying to go in as deep as I could. Finally with a long grunt and a deep thrust I came unloadiing into her mouth.

That was quite a day, three hours unmatched in its excitement and adrenalin rush, not to mention the rush of blood to my penis. There were other times but that one was the highpoint of my times with Sandhya.

