'I'm putting Lancelot on your rounds,' Uther says at dinner. 'You need time to rest,'

'Fair enough,' Arthur says, spooning up the soup that is all he can manage. His face has swollen up and gone an interesting mottled colour - clearly he hadn't managed to protect his head as much as he'd thought - and his jaw hurts. Most of him hurts, actually, particularly the rib area. 'I should just need a week or so,' he adds.

'I was thinking a bit longer than that.'

'What? Why?'

Uther looks aside, then fixes Arthur with a gimlet eye, and sighs. 'It's not safe,' he says. 'It seems that certain people are unwilling to keep their grievances with me between us. I'm sorry you've been dragged into this, Arthur.'

'You think the attack was deliberate,' Arthur says, putting his spoon neatly back into the bowl. The clink of metal on china sounds unnaturally loud.

Uther nods.

'And that disc - I thought it was an awful joke.' Arthur is starting to see it now. ''I'm sorry about the sun'...' He stops, and frowns.

'Yes, yes, there's no need for the Sherlock Holmes impression,' Uther snaps. 'Bad Religion, Old Religion. I suppose you know about the blacklisting.'

'I heard,' Arthur admitted. 'But why? They're not the first band to turn us down.'

'You know, I still hear regularly from Geoffrey at Indigo,' Uther says blandly. 'He called me just last night, actually. He sends his best wishes for your speedy recovery.' Fast as a whiplash his tone changes. 'He also told me you'd been asking questions.'

'I'm a grown man, Father,' Arthur says. 'And there's no harm in asking questions.'

'Those kinds of questions you can ask me, if you really feel the need to know,' Uther says.

'Would I get a real answer?' asks Arthur. His irritation is building - first he's not allowed to do the only part of his job he enjoys, then he's not allowed to ask questions - Uther plainly just wants him to sit down, shut up, and do what he's told. But Uther's approach is the reason Arthur's face is puffed up like a marshmallow. Arthur feels he's due a bit of an explanation.

'You'd be told what I think is right for you to know,' Uther says, his mouth tightly drawn down at the corners. 'And I think you've had far too much gossip off Geoffrey-'

'I think I've got a right to know about my own mother,' Arthur says in a rush. His fingers are gripping the edge of the table so hard they hurt, which is something his late-night date in the alleyway hadn't already managed.

'Don't you dare,' Uther growls. 'Don't push me, boy. There are things you've no right to ask of me.'

'But you've the right to run around having some stupid little feud with some psychopath whose girlfriend you stole years ago, and get me beaten-up in the process, I suppose!'

Uther's face is stony. He's breathing hard and his grip on his cutlery has turned his knuckles white. 'Get out,' he says.

Arthur doesn't need telling twice. He shoves away from the table and heads straight for the front door, fumbling his cellphone out of the tangle of iPod and earbuds in his pocket to call a taxi.

Gaius would clearly like to say something, as he holds the door open for Arthur, but he's holding his tongue, something Arthur imagines he's had to do a lot over the years working for Uther.

The back of the taxi, when it turns up, is dark and cool, and Arthur would like to hide in it forever. He ignores three phonecalls that come in from his father's landline. He deletes the texts that come in, as well, until one comes in labelled FROM: MERLIN.

playin 2nite @ house party 153 Severn St 9pm. he found out wat nim did 2 u. he tried 2 leave n she sed she wudnt let him. u need 2 get him out. ill distract nim. drake ps dnt txt bak

'Change of plans,' Arthur says on the spur of the moment, and gives the driver the address of the party instead of Arthur's flat. He starts to feel a twist of anticipation curl in his gut. He knows he looks frightful, that he's wearing a suit that's three days old and looks it, that he's just out of hospital yesterday with orders to mind his bruised ribs, but ...

Yeah. But. But nothing. But everything. But he hurts and he wants to hurt more, but he burns and he wants to burn more, but he wants to lash out and fight and dance and fuck and hurl abuse. He wants to sweat instead of bleed, and he wants to ...

He wants to feel this. He wants to not be his father. He wants to do this his way.

***

It's mad. It's a mad gig, in a huge house, a mansion really - it's someone's twenty-first, and it's stupidly easy to just walk in off the street. Arthur gets tinnitus pretty much as soon as he gets in the door into Nim screaming 'counting out aggression, turn into obsession-', and he gets an elbow to his already supremely sore sternum the next moment, and he gets the beginning of a raging hard-on the second he sees Merlin put his bass aside just long enough to dump the contents of a waterbottle over his own head before playing the next song dripping wet.

Drake spots him immediately, of course, and nods. Arthur can't help but wonder what the hell the drummer's agenda is, but he steers Nim away as soon as they finish and towards a keg, leaving Merlin and some people who have the air of hired help to start hauling gear off the makeshift stage. Arthur just watches for a minute, as the DJ who's supposed to take this party through to the small hours starts up out in the garden and the crowd follows him.

Eventually, once all the drums have been cased up and carted away along with the amplifiers, the hired help buggers off. Merlin, who's been slowly and methodically packing away effects pedals and guitars, finally slings one gigbag over his back and picks the other up, heading in the same direction that the helpers had come and gone from earlier.

Arthur follows him. Merlin's humming, nodding his head gently, and he follows one long corridor further and further from the noise in the front garden to a little room at the back of the house, stacked with the rest of Old Religion's gear. He doesn't notice Arthur until he steps into the room.

Merlin almost drops the gigbag he's holding. He scrambles to catch it, puts it and the one over his shoulder down, and then shoves the door shut as fast as he can. It's clearly a disused bedroom, and there's one of those silly turn-the-wooden-knob type of latches on the door. Merlin turns it.

'God, what did she do to you?' he whispers. He reaches for Arthur's face like he can't stop himself, runs his fingers over Arthur's cheek, his chin, his puffy lower lip. Arthur shudders, his eyes flicker closed. Merlin's touch is cool and scratchy - string-callouses, of course - 'Arthur, I'm sorry, I didn't know she-'

'Shut up,' Arthur says, and closes his hand over Merlin's wrist, dragging that hand with its stupid spindly fingers down to his hip, and then he's free to put his own fingers in Merlin's hair, and draw him close, breathe him in, all sweat and beer and string-metal tang in smudges where he's wiped his brow, and then he's free to angle his face to Merlin's and kiss him, his lips feeling alien and not-quite his own so swollen and sore, but it's worth it when Merlin's eyes shut and his mouth opens and he licks along Arthur's lips. Both his hands are on Arthur's hips now and they clutch convulsively, possessively.

'You called the ambulance,' Arthur breathes as he slides his hands under Merlin's damp shirt.

'I'm not in the habit of leaving people bleeding in alleyways,' Merlin retorts, giving up on Arthur's shirt buttons and leaving the thing half-undone and going for the fly instead. 'Even if they are enormous prats.'

'I won't let her hurt you,' Arthur says. He shoves Merlin's hands aside and wrenches Merlin's own fly open, blessing the man who invented zips and this man who evidently wears his jeans until they fall off him for the fact that once the button's undone a one-handed yank at the corner of the fabric has the whole thing coming loose, falling off.

'This is stupid,' Merlin mutters. 'The hell are we doing?'

'Don't tell me you don't want it.'

'Doesn't make it not stupid,' Merlin hisses. Arthur grins into his neck, and bites.

They both reach down and in blindly and end up tangling their fingers and swearing and colliding as they try to take care of everything, and okay so maybe this whole thing could be a bit more graceful but Arthur was never into Merlin for grace anyway and it's kind of perfect shoving him onto a Mode Four and rutting senselessly until Merlin's eyes roll up into the back of his head and suddenly Arthur's suit is a lot more of a mess than it was even five minutes ago. Two feet away, a rhythmic rustling noise tells Arthur that that particular box contains a snare drum and it's resonating to them shagging and that's such a stupid thing to be thinking about that Arthur sniggers and is taken completely unawares by Merlin shoving his other hand down into the tight, hot space they've made between them and helping matters along.

Arthur's hardly done making a mess of his own trousers when there's a sharp knock at the door and 'she's coming, get out' in Drake's voice.

Merlin's eyes go round as saucers, he fumbles to do up two pairs of trousers at once before Arthur shoves him away and does his own. 'The window,' he mouths, wincing as he does so and realising that falling into a flowerbed, with all his bruises, is going to be a bitch but he doesn't really have another option right now.

Merlin grabs his gigbag. Arthur's about to tell him to forget it, but the look in the other guy's eyes tells him that's an argument he'll never win.

The click of heels on lino becomes audible, gets louder. Merlin gives Arthur a knee up out of the window so fast that he can't help but groan as he hits the dirt outside. He barely has time to roll out of the way before a gigbag drops beside him, followed by Merlin himself. One quick bash with Arthur's fist and the window's closed, and will probably never be the same again, and then they run.

Or rather, Merlin runs, gets ten metres, looks back at Arthur limping along at speed, sighs, and comes back for him.

'Let go of him,' says a very familiar voice, very angrily. Arthur looks up into blinding torchlight and winces. Merlin grabs at him, hauling Arthur's arm over his shoulder and straightening up.

'No!' he says defiantly.

'I warn you boy, the police are here with me and they will have quite a lot of searching questions to ask you about why you're here with my son, who is just out of his hospital bed,' says Uther, stepping into view.

'He's here because I came to see him,' Arthur calls out. 'For God's sake, Father, I thought you'd made it quite clear you wanted me gone.'

'Don't be stupid,' Uther retorts. 'When you didn't return my calls I thought something had happened to you, you little fool. When I called the taxi company the driver said he'd dropped you off here, one of Nimueh's friend's houses. And now I find you in the company of one of her toughs!'

Arthur has to laugh at that description of Merlin. Someone steps forward to try and pacify Uther - a police officer. 'Alright son,' he says evenly to Arthur. 'No-one's gonna do anything sudden, but we'd just like you and your friend to come with us for a bit. Just to make sure you're safe, ask you a few questions-'

That voice is the injection of reality that Arthur's body needed to stem the flood of adrenaline and point out that he's really sore and still really tired and wouldn't it be nice to sit down? Which he does, heavily. He's shivering, even though he tries to stop. Merlin is yanked down undignifiedly. He blinks owlishly at Arthur in the torchlight, shifting his gigbag out from under his leg.

'Sorry,' Arthur mutters. Merlin rolls his eyes and smiles, and runs his fingers through Arthur's hair briefly. 'We're okay!' he says, because three figures have started towards them in a panic. 'I think Arthur might need a chair sometime soon though.'

And just when it starts getting almost sensible, there's a shriek like the unholy offspring of a pterodactyl and a banshee and then Nim is all over them, breathing hard and beer-sour in Arthur's face. He pulls back, tries to fend her off, and she rears up to bring an arm into play, there's something in her hand - and suddenly Merlin lurches in front of Arthur, shoves Arthur back and tries to bat at Nim.

She brings her hand down, hard and vicious. Arthur realises too late that there's a knife, she's got a knife -

- Merlin's gone white, dead white, there's wetness where there shouldn't be -

'Stop!' someone's shouting in the distance, and Nim's eyes are crazy and wild in the harsh beams of the torches. She throws herself at the light, past it, at Uther behind it, but Arthur doesn't see much more - Merlin is gasping damp and dry like a fish out of water, Arthur raises hands to see them all smeared with blood, it looks blackish-green in what little light there is but he knows it's blood.

'Cellphone ... you idiot,' Merlin manages to whimper when all Arthur can do is stare at him and at his hands. 'Call ... a fucking ... ambulance,' and then he's hacking and coughing - shit, Arthur doesn't even know where he's cut. That thought galvanises him back into action. He fumbles Merlin's phone from his pocket and thumbs it open, dialling emergency services, feeling a little stupid because there's already two policemen here-

'Ambulance please, ambulance, my friend's been stabbed, he's bleeding- Severn Street, um-

'153,' Merlin wheezes.

'-number 153, there's two policemen here already but- we're round the back, there's a party on but we're in the garden- oh thank God, thank you.'

He drops the phone. There's shouting over where the others were - the torches have been dropped, their beams illuminating nothing more than a draincover and a catflap now, they're a lot closer to the back door than Arthur thought - but most of the shouting is male. Arthur hopes to God that means they've caught her, that his father is okay.

He doesn't realise he was saying it out loud until Merlin grunts and grabs one of Arthur's hands, pressing it to his ribs urgently and firmly. 'Hold here,' he says, grunting. 'Gotta ... keep pressure ...'

'You killed her!' a shriek comes from the darkness. 'You bastard, you bastard, you never-' Nimueh stumbles back into the light, the torchbeam casting her shadow huge and twisted against the house's wall. Uther stumbles with her, her fists held in his hands as he tries to keep her from striking him. Thank God, she seems to have lost the knife.

'Liar,' Uther hisses. Their silhouettes together are grotesque, writhing things as she struggles and he holds her back. 'I loved her, I loved her and you could never accept it, never accept her decision-' The two policemen are trying to separate them but neither of them seems to realise it.

Sirens wail and the whole tableau freezes - the only thing moving is Merlin's blood pulsing through Arthur's fingers. That breaks the spell, brings him back to the moment again, like he keeps drifting off.

'It's okay,' Arthur whispers. 'It's okay, the ambulance is here, it's okay.' He keeps saying it, over and over, and he doesn't know who he's trying to convince as handcuffs and gurneys and stethoscopes and things start coming out and being put to their proper uses by people who know what they're doing, nice, competent, uninvolved people

He rides in the back of the ambulance with Merlin, watching out through the panes of glass in the doors as Uther and Nimueh are pushed into police cars, getting smaller and smaller as the ambulance pulls away. It's like he was watching a movie and now it's turned off - there was a story there, but he wasn't in it. He clutches Merlin's gigbag like a teddybear, one-armed, and keeps the other on Merlin's head, thumbing through his hair in a way he hopes is soothing, all the way to the hospital.

Merlin has a gash along his ribs, and he's lost a lot of blood, but he's going to be okay. Careful people in clean clothes told Arthur so. He's allowed to sit next to Merlin's bed, and he washes his hands in the hospital bathroom and carefully, reverently unzips the gigbag and plays Merlin's bass amateurishly along with whatever turns up on his iPod. He listens to the music with one ear, lets the other earbud dangle, and just noodles away, plunk-plunk-plunk, the strings thudding and resonating through the body of the thing but church-quiet without an amplifier, while he waits for Merlin to come round.

When he does, he stares at Arthur holding his bass for a long, long moment. His eyelashes are unfairly long, and they've clumped together at the corner of his left eye. Arthur has to resist the urge to wipe at them.

'Hey,' Merlin says hoarsely.

'Hey,' Arthur replies. In his right ear, Eddie Vedder is singing this I will recall, every time I fall. Merlin smiles at him, pale and trusting, and gropes for the other earbud. Arthur shuffles his chair closer, lying the bass down on the bed next to Merlin and resting his head on the edge of Merlin's pillow.

For once in Arthur's life, it feels good to rest.