Guy helps drunk coworker to her hotel bed in Vegas, but doesn't want to leave her uncomfortable in her clothes, or cold alone in her bed after they've been removed. Helping!


This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Helpful (MF, nc, impreg)

by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

I heard her hit the floor just as the door was closing. I quickly used my foot to keep the door from locking me out as it closed.

Pushing the door back open, the sight before me was Facebook-worthy; actually, probably more Reddit-worthy: my co-worker Carly had fallen on her face, dead drunk in the entryway of her hotel room.

I couldn't help but notice that her already short skirt had ridden up a bit, giving me a good look at her toned thighs. Damn, that yoga was really working for her!

Yes, I "checked her out" before checking how she was...I'm a guy, after all. I turned her over and made sure she was still breathing. Yep, but holy shit her liquor breath could start a car! Not that I hadn't had a few drinks myself, but she had so many that night that I don't think she was aware I had walked her back to her room, much less of anything now that she had faceplanted.

'First things first,' I thought. 'Can't leave her sprawled on the carpet. Let's get her into bed.' I reached under her arms and dragged her to the bed, and with some effort managed to lift her up enough to pull her on top of the mattress.

I removed her shoes, and with some awkward manipulation of the covers and the dead weight of her body she was covered up and ready for the night. She smelled nice, I realized as I breathed heavy from my recent exertion.

Carly was an attractive thirtysomething blonde, a single mom, and still trying to hold on to her party girl past, if tonight was any indication. A group of us had headed out to a piano bar at one of the hotels here in Vegas, and the sales manager had bought us a couple of rounds. I bought myself a couple more drinks before heading out to the slot machines, but by the time I returned to the bar Carly was alone and obviously unable to think straight. Being the helpful guy I am, I took her arm and walked her back to the hotel. The last half block I had to put her arm around my shoulders and my arm around her waist to keep her walking. I think her eyes were closed for the walk from the elevator to her room. I had opened it up with the key card from her purse, let her stumble in, and...

...and that's where this story started. It's best to start with something exciting, don't you think?

Anyway, where was I? Oh yes, Carly's perfume and probably also her pheromones had permeated my tipsy brain and I realized that she probably wouldn't be comfortable sleeping in her clothes. I know I wouldn't, and she had the additional discomfort of a bra! We had a trade show to attend in the morning, and she needed a good night's sleep.

Pulling back the covers, I surveyed the unconscious woman. She wasn't the prettiest thing, but she was one of those outgoing, funny women that were easy to like, and her recent athletic kick didn't hurt her attractiveness.

I unbuttoned her skirt and slid it down her shapely legs. I stopped when I noticed that she didn't have any panties on. Her trimmed blonde muff looked back at me, her pussy lips playing peek-a-boo.

I remembered the pianist at the bar had called out for the women who weren't wearing underwear tonight to sound off, and Carly had been one of the ladies who gave a big loud "WOOOO!" back. Heh, how had I forgotten that?

'Oh well,' I thought, 'her skirt's almost off anyway.' I pulled it the rest of the way off, then paused a moment, getting a good look at my co-workers' half-naked body.

Next I reached forward and unbuttoned her blouse. That took a bit of work getting off, requiring rolling her from one side to the other, and when I was done Carly was laying there in just her lacy red bra.

What I could see of her melons spilling out the top of the tight bra was incredible. They were probably better than her legs. I guess maybe boobs get nicer after you have a kid? The couple busts I had seen in my limited sex life just couldn't compare, and this was with her bra on.

Rolling her to the side again, I unfastened the brassiere and slipped it off.

Before me was the sexiest woman I had ever seen in my life. Well, in person, anyway...you can't beat RedTube, right? Her recent diet and exercise kick had done wonders for her trim stomach. Her hips were curvy, but not too much; just enough to highlight that she was a "yummy mummy." And those boobs...my God, they were incredible, not droopy or showing stretch marks, but round with large nipples pointing out from pink puffy areolae.

With a sigh I re-covered her and left the bed, heading towards the door.

Looking back, I noticed...did Carly just shiver?

Being Las Vegas, the air conditioning was cranked up pretty high. I didn't want to mess with her preferred room temperature, but I also didn't want her to catch a chill.

If I had been thinking clearly I probably would have grabbed an extra blanket or something from the closet, but all the blood that would have been feeding my brain was in a different head by this point.

I decided I would help by sharing my body warmth.

I removed my shoes and slipped into bed with my naked co-worker, rolling her on her side, facing away from me, so we could spoon. I ran my hands over her legs and arms, warming them up. My hands roved over her midsection and I might have bumped against her breasts a little in my helpfulness.

I realized that I was uncomfortable in my clothes. That's why I had removed Carly's, after all; for comfort. I slipped my pants, socks and shirt off, keeping my underwear on; I was trying to raise her body temperature, not molest her, after all.

I sidled back up against Carly, her back against my chest and her butt against my lap, rubbing my hands over her body to warm her up. The warmth of her skin on mine and the heady smell of her made my cock harder, and it tented out the front of my underwear.

At some point during my ministrations my fabric-covered prick felt a wet warmth against the tip. It felt good so I made sure to move my hips a bit as I rubbed my hands over Carly's hips, her inner thighs, her stomach, the underside of her breasts. As my breathing rate increased and my hot breath touched the back of my co-worker's neck I could sense an increase in her own breath rate.

I figured at that point Carly should have been fully warmed up, and was about to extricate myself, when she rolled her hips. A magical warm, wet feeling slid along the tip of my dick. I didn't realize what it was at the time, but my cock head, with the protective fabric of my underwear wet with my pre-cum, had probably dipped into her vagina a little and back out. Her suggestive hip movements continued and I realized that she was turned on.

I didn't want to leave her (or me, for that matter) hanging, so I quickly doffed my underwear and returned to the spoon position. Carly continued to roll her hips, and my bare cock felt fantastic as its tip bounced off of various parts of her nether regions. I couldn't see what it was touching; all I knew was that it felt incredible.

I massaged Carly's tit as I gave my hips a little thrust. It felt even better. On the next thrust the tip of my cock was surrounded by that same wonderful warm wetness, and then it awkwardly slipped out again. Carly moaned in what seemed to be frustration.

I shuffled my hips down, adjusting the angle. On my next thrust I felt the wet heat surround my cock again, a soft but tight caress keeping it from slipping out, and I knew that I had buried a couple of inches of my penis inside the unconscious woman's pussy.

I paused, savoring the feeling, so soft and yet tight and so, so warm. Carly didn't pause, though, continuing to roll her hips and pushing herself back and down. Another couple inches of my incredibly hard cock sank into her hot, wet depths.

I continued my thrusting and Carly her hip rolling until my cock was fully buried inside her. I continued to massage the single mom's boob, pinching the nipple lightly. Carly was making soft, "nn, nn" sounds as we coupled.

This was my first time without a condom and I wasn't going to last much longer. I was planning to pull out and spray my cum on her butt, but then realized that I would have then left her with a rapidly cooling puddle to sleep in, and that wouldn't be very comfortable! I hadn't brought any condoms and I had no idea if Carly had any -- I certainly couldn't ask her -- but by this point rational thought was pretty much gone.

I jammed my cock as far as I could into the oblivious beauty's body and grunted as a week's worth of sperm-filled semen raced up my cock shaft and spewed into her welcoming pussy. I had been so turned on by everything that had happened that evening that my orgasm extended itself beyond normal. Both of us gasped as spurt after spurt of dangerous babymaking cum was forcefully injected deep into the unprotected reproductive system of my insensate lover.

Finally, still shaking from the powerful orgasm, I realized that if I pulled out I'd make a similar mess to if I had pulled out before cumming, leaving Carly with a cold puddle to sleep in. I awkwardly reached for the tissue box on the side table while making sure I stayed embedded in her pussy. Grabbing several tissues, I placed them under where we were joined and carefully extricated myself. Satisfied that I hadn't made a mess on the sheets, I wadded up some more tissues and pushed them inside the entrance to Carly's vagina, trapping the cum.

I covered the sexy woman back up, got my clothes on, and went back to my own room to sleep.

The next morning Carly asked around if anybody knew who had gotten her back to her room, but nobody but I knew, and I wanted to remain the anonymous helper.

I would never forget that night, and Carly missing her next period ensured that she would never forget not remembering it.

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans?  E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)
