Morse often is grumpy. When things don't work out the way he thinks they should, he gets even more irritable. And who but Lewis is there to strike out at? It's happened before and Lewis has learned to tell when Morse actually is angry with him and when he just needs to let off steam. 

Investigation of the murder of Sylvia Kane 

Morse's Jaguar, somewhere in Oxford

“Struck dumb, are you Lewis? Coded letter, money, violence... too much for you?” Morse pretty much spits out the insult.

Lewis takes it quietly, then an idea how to cheer his Chief Inspector up again strikes. “Haven't you forgotten something, Sir?” He doesn't wait for Morse to respond. “Sex!”

Morse obviously is surprised and Lewis grins happily. He knew he'd get Morse's attention with that.

“Quite right, Lewis. Well done.” The grin on Lewis's face grows even wider.

But is Morse really the only one who needs cheering up? Is Lewis's life as perfect as Morse has come to think of it, well, his private life at least? The happy little family, a wife, two kids and a house...

The same evening, out of the blue, they both reveal something about their lives to each other they had neither known nor expected.

8:45pm at Morse's office

Morse has calmed down considerably since his outburst in the car. He's actually in a fairly mellow mood and remembers that, in contrast to him, there is someone waiting for his Sergeant to call it a day. “Go home, Lewis, see your wife, kiss your children.”

Lewis doesn't look as excited at the prospect as Morse had expected. He doesn't rush out the door, instead runs a hand through his hair as if to stall time. “And when I get home she's at the end of her tether, she's said to the kids 'You'll get a smack off you dad when he gets in'. I'm like the public executioner in my house.”

They walk down the corridor side by side and Morse takes up the implied offer of small talk. “My house? It belongs to both of you, doesn't it?”

“Our house, then.”

They take a turn, not only in the corridor but also in their exchange. Something about the way Lewis spoke of his wife and house triggered a thought for Morse. “That's the trouble, isn't it? Men think they own everything. Property, families, the women in their lives...”

“I don't own me wife.” Lewis immediately is in the defence.

“You talk as though you do.” 'And how often have you called him your Sergeant, Morse,' the Chief Inspector asks himself.

“That was just a slip of the tongue.”

“Ah.”

“It's easy for you.”

Morse isn't convinced it is. “Really?”

“You know what I mean.”

“Because I live on my own you mean?”

“Well... “

“Have you ever lived alone, Lewis?”

“Not really, no.”

“Then how can you tell?”

“I was just thinking...”

“I may not have a public execution in my house, as you put it, but some days it feels like I've been placed in solitary confinement.” Where did that thought come from? Morse is surprised by his own words, as is Lewis who quietly looks at Morse while he holds open the door for him.

When Lewis still watches Morse when he opens the door of the Jaguar, the Chief Inspector looks up one last time. “Forget it Lewis. Go home. I'll see you in the morning.”

“Yes, Sir,” Lewis says automatically. “Good night,” he adds.

Morse gets into the Jaguar and starts the engine. Lewis walks to his own car but can't drag his eyes from the receding car until it's out of sight. A part of him would have gotten into the Jaguar without hesitation, had Morse said a word. Another part of him feels guilty for it, if he went home even later he wouldn't see his kids before morning.

That night, Morse is acutely aware how empty and silent his house is. He listens to the ticking of the clock on his bedside table for a while, trying to will sleep to come but it refuses. Finally, long past midnight, he gets up and goes looking for something to read. He finds a book by John Wilmot Earl of Rochester on his shelf. The name had come up during the investigation and he had remembered buying the book years ago. He falls asleep on his sofa a while later, the book still in his hands. The poetry has soothed his mind.