Knickerless Girls Should Not Climb Trees
by Ashley
Copyright© 2022 by Ashley

I’d been best friends with Chris for as long as I could remember. We were both only children and it was only natural that, being next door neighbors, we became friends.

I was a bit of a tomboy when I was younger and we spent many happy hours playing together in the meadows and woods behind our parents houses.

One special summer, when were about ten or eleven, our fathers joined forces and built us a tree house. It was an impressive construction build on the higher of two forks in an old oak tree in our garden.

Access to it was via two rope ladders. The first took you up about five feet to the first fork where you had to go to the bole of the tree and along another branch to get to the second ladder. That took you up about the same amount again to the trapdoor in the floor of the house itself.

The treehouse was about six feet square inside with a couple of small windows high up on the walls.

Initially we’d spend time playing house up there and only later took advantage of the privacy it afforded to indulge in more illicit if still very innocent activities such as reading comics we knew our parents wouldn’t strictly have approved of or having puffs on stolen cigarettes.

I think I was about fourteen when I started to grow out of my tomboy phase and began to take an interest in how I was dressed. Out went the jeans and sweatshirts and in came pretty summer dresses.

It wasn’t long before I noticed some changes in Chris’ behavior too. It had always been a mad race to the first ladder of the treehouse with much ribbing of the loser. All of a sudden I found I was winning an awful lot more of those races.

I would tease Chris as we climbed but he never really retaliated like he used to, seeming unusually quiet.

I suppose I was very innocent at the time and it took me a while to realize what was going on: he was losing intentionally so that he could look up my skirt as we climbed. He was looking at my panties.

As soon as I twigged what he was up to it was like a switch was thrown and suddenly I really liked the idea that he wanted to look at my bare legs and my bottom and kitty covered only by my thin cotton underwear.

It gave me a strange tingling inside that I’d only felt before when washing down there. I knew that it was naughty somehow and didn’t linger but the thrill of knowing that Chris was peeking at me was very exciting.

When we got up to the treehouse on those occasions Chris would busy himself with some task with his back to me for a few minutes before sitting down. When this had happened a few times I became intrigued: what was he hiding?

The next time I’d led the way up I stopped at the top and faced the ladder so that, as he climbed up, I could see his shorts. There was a distinct bulge in the front of them that I’d never noticed before. Looking at it moving around under his shorts made the tingling in my kitty even stronger. I wasn’t sure why. but I decided at that moment that I wanted to see it.

One of the games that we sometimes played up there was ‘Operation’ where you have to take organs out of a simple model of a body without touching the sides with the tweezers otherwise a buzzer sounded. We didn’t go by the set rules, we just played that the loser forfeited a sweet and had to start the next game. I was much better at it than Chris; I had an idea.

I challenged him to a game and he wasn’t too keen since he knew I’d probably win. But I dared him, and that was that.

After I’d taken all of his sweets from him he actually seemed relieved.

“What shall we play now?” he asked.

“I think we should carry on with this.” I told him.

“But you already have all my sweets.” he said, clearly confused. I plucked up my courage and took a chance. Normally up there I would sit on my knees but now I swiveled around and sat cross-legged. I could see from his eyes that he could see my panties up my skirt.

“We could play for items of clothing.” I said quietly. That made him look up from my legs and stare at me in astonishment. The bulge was back in his shorts and I smiled to myself.

“Like strip operation?” He asked, clearly not believing his own words. I was confident in my skills and was pretty sure it would be him doing most of the stripping.

“Yes, just like that.” I told him with a smile. He grinned back and we started.

It was a bit annoying that, with sufficient incentive, Chris upped his game considerably. After the first few rounds we’d both taken off our shoes and socks. That left Chris in shorts, T-shirt, and presumably briefs, and me in dress, bra, and panties; all even.

I was really hoping to see the contents of his underwear without showing him too much at all, but no such luck! I won the next round and Chris took off his shirt. I’d seen his chest before but, somehow under these circumstances, it seemed nicer, more exciting.

Chris was breathing quite heavily and lost the next round very early, his hand seemed to be shaking. He looked at me as if he expected me to wimp out but I just looked at him expectantly.

When he took his shorts off I could see his tidy-whiteys, but I also saw a sausage-shaped lump in them just before he covered it with his hands. It looked really, really interesting, the tingling in my kitty became more of a pulsing and I realized I was now breathing hard as well.

When I went to start the next game my hand was shaking so badly that I blew it on the first go. Chris looked triumphant when he figured that he was going to see my underwear.

I thought it might be possible to get my bra off without taking my dress off but, to be honest, the prospect of letting him see me in my underwear was too thrilling for me. I undid the zip and slipped it over my head. The expression on his face made me feel weak at the knees, his eyes were all over me and he looked like he wanted to eat me up. His briefs were now being pushed right out and, more than ever, I wanted to see what it looked like.

I looked down at myself and I wasn’t showing much more than when I wore a swimming costume but somehow I felt almost naked in front of him and I found it incredibly exciting.

I took several deep breaths before starting the next round and managed to pull a piece successfully, but then Chris did too. My nerves failed me on my next go and I knew I had a decision to make: I could bail out and let Chris win and fail in my goal, or I could show him my little titties.

It was only a training bra really and my breasts were barely an A-cup but, strangely it was almost as if they wanted to be seen. I could feel my hard nipples against the material and I knew then that I wanted his hungry eyes on them.

I undid the clasp at the back and then slipped the shoulder straps off until the cups began to come away from my little buds. Then I put my hands over them and stroked them gently all the time watching Chris.

His eyes were on stalks and his lips were rubbing over each other. I dropped the bra an inch or so and laughed as he moved forward slightly to see better. Then I managed to let the bra fall but kept my breasts covered by my hands.

I could now feel my hard nipples pressing against my palms and I couldn’t help but rub my hands on them. Chris was licking his lips now and leaning even further forward. I couldn’t wait any longer and I lowered my hands to my sides and shivered as Chris’ eyes bored into my little titties.

“God,” He breathed. “they’re so pretty Sadie.”

I loved the way he looked at me but it made me tremble all over, and I couldn’t believe it when I lost again.

I turned my back on him as I slipped my panties off but knowing he could see my naked bottom was making my kitty all throbby and achy.

When I turned back I had my hands over her and I even squeezed her a little because it felt so good. I sat down still covering myself and saw the look of disappointment on Chris’ face and figured that I wasn’t being fair: I’d lost fair and square.

“You win.” I said, and lifted my hands into into air in submission.

Chris stared at my little pussy for so long and I could see his stiffy poking the front of his briefs right out. Then he came to some sort of decision and just took them off.

I laughed out loud when I saw it, and then realized my mistake when he looked so crestfallen and his face sort of crumpled up.

“Sorry, sorry!” I said hurriedly. “I just wasn’t expecting you to do that.” He looked a little happier and I leaned forward to get a better look at it.

“It’s lovely.” I said quietly, and saw him smile. I did love it. I loved the way it twitched and I could see his heartbeat in a vein on the side.

“Can I touch it?” I whispered, and he just nodded. When I touched the end with my finger it twitched and sort of dodged away from me and we both laughed.

“It does that sometimes.” He told me. I wrapped my fingers around it and Chris gasped. it felt so smooth and hot and I slid my hand up and down.

“Er ... Sadie...” Chris said, sounding a little worried. I kept stroking it but looked up at him.

“Am I doing it wrong?”

“No, no, it’s wonderful. But if you keep doing that...”

He was moving his hips now, sort of pushing his dick into my fist.

“Are you going to cum?” I asked him, looking down at the shiny end of his penis as it popped in and out of view.

“Yes.” He answered in a sort of strangled voice. With my other hand I cupped his little, mostly hairless balls.

“Go on then.” I said and gripped it harder and stoked faster. After just a few more seconds he groaned, and I watched fascinated as spurt after spurt shot out, all over the floor, and my hand, and his cock. I thought it was great and kept rubbing him, hoping for more and I felt disappointed as it gradually stopped and then he started to go soft.

“God Sadie that was so awesome, thank you sooo much.” He said and he leaned forward and planted a little kiss on my lips.

I looked down at my hand, all covered in his cream and then picked up my panties and used them to wipe it off. Then I looked at his cock and handed the panties to him.

He cleaned himself up and then tried to hand them back to me.

“Ewww,” I said, turning my nose up. “you keep them!”

I know what you want me to tell you now is that I sucked him hard again and then he fucked my virgin little pussy senseless and I came so hard I fainted. But that didn’t happen.

I think we were both a little shocked by how far we’d gone. We got dressed and went home. Well Chris went first so that he could look up my skirt at my naked, and now quite damp, pussy and I didn’t object at all. I loved it, and took my own sweet time climbing down.

We had another little chaste kiss and then we went home.

We met in the treehouse a few more times after that. The next time went pretty much like the last with me letting him see my panties on the way up and then again as I sat cross-legged. He surprised me by handing me my other ones, all clean and neatly folded.

“I had to wash them by hand,” he told me, looking all proud. “so my Mom wouldn’t know.

“God, you’re so sweet.” I said, overcome with fondness. I gave him a big kiss and then slipped off the panties I was wearing. I could feel they were warm and a little moist from my pussy. I sat back primly on my knees and handed them to him.

“You can keep that pair.” I told him, and he looked down at them and then sniffed them.

“Oh God, you’re so gross!” I cried, punching him on the arm.

“But they smell gorgeous.” He said all sort of dreamily and he was still holding them to his face.

I still flashed my panties at him on the other occasions, and we had some lovely kissing sessions but that was about it. Then he told me that his dad had a new job and that they were moving away.

We were very, very sad of course and, just before he left, I took his hand and put it down the front of my panties.

“Something to remember me by when you’re in bed at night.” I whispered in his ear as I trembled with the thrill of his fingers exploring my little pussy.

We kept in touch for quite a while but gradually lost contact. I never forgot about him though and often it was me, in bed at night, remembering his gentle touch and fantasizing about what might have been in that treehouse.

I did quite well at school and went off to college when I was eighteen, living on campus. I’d had a few, well quite a few, boyfriends in that time and lost my virginity to a boy called Trevor who seemed quite nice at the time but turned out to be a cheating rat. None of them were too serious but I had a lot of fun.

I’d been at college for about six months when I spotted Chris across a quad at the end of the day. At first I wasn’t sure that it was him. He was with a group of people and I sidled closer.

When he saw me he stopped in mid sentence and smiled so happily that I knew I was right and my heart lurched.

He walked over to me and we stood awkwardly a foot or so apart, both grinning like idiots.

“God Sadie, you look fantastic.” He said, looking me up and down. I did the same to him and he’d filled out really nicely.

“You don’t look so bad yourself.” I replied, laughing, and all of a sudden our reticence disappeared and we embraced. It felt so wonderful to be in his arms again and I kissed him hard on the lips. That kiss lasted a long, long time, and at the end I was breathless and turned on as hell.

“Why don’t you come up to my room and we can catch up?” I asked him with a naughty smile.

“Sure.” He replied with an equally wicked one.

As I started to climb the stairs to my room I noticed that Chris was hanging back.

“Still a perv who likes looking up little girl’s skirts I see.” I said with a chuckle. And then I pulled the waistband of my skirt, which luckily was elasticated, up to just under my boobs giving him and eyeful of what luckily were some quite nice panties.

“For old time’s sake.” I said, wriggling my ass at him.

I’d intended to pull my skirt back down after flashing him, but I left it where it was, which earned me a few funny looks from a couple of girls in the corridor, but I really didn’t care.

In my room, without either of us saying a word, we sat on the floor, adopting the same poses as we’d done in the treehouse. I loved showing myself to him after all those years and I was as wet as anything. He looked at my panties, grinned, and then looked at me.

“That day when I smelled your panties...” He started. My mind went back to that day.

“Yes ... I remember it very well.”

“ ... what I really, really wanted to do was to kiss you ... down there.” He nodded his head towards my groin.

“If you’d tried I’d have let you...” I said softly, and my hand went to the front of my panties and I stroked a finger up and down my hot damp slit. “ ... and then we might have fucked... “ I watched as Chris began to stroke his cock through his pants. “and I might have gotten pregnant and our lives could have been very, very different.”

“Yeah.” he said with a big sigh, and then undid his pants and pulled his hard dick out.

“Oooo, haven’t you grown!” I said happily, and I slipped my panties off and opened my legs wide.

“You look just as beautiful as you did then.” He said gazing in seeming awe at my pussy.

“Better late than never?” I asked him, with a hand near my crotch and a beckoning finger.

Chris rolled forward and began to kiss his way up one inner thigh until he was agonizingly close to my pussy and then, infuriatingly, did the same to the other, without ever quite touching it. Then I could feel his breath on me as he stopped.

“I’ve still got them you know.” I heard him whisper into my hot pussy.

“What?”

“Your panties,” He explained. “and they still smell wonderful, but not as wonderful as this.” I loved the sentiment dearly but I was getting desperate.

“Kiss it you idiot!” I half cried and half laughed. He licked me once, from top to bottom, deliciously slowly.

“Gorgeous.” He murmured ecstatically. “Utterly gorgeous.”

I felt his fingers gently open me up and then his tongue went right up inside me.

“Oh God.” I moaned as he began to lap feverishly at my vagina and his nose rubbed against my clit. I clutched his head against me as I came. Just like that. I’d never cum so quickly or so hard in my life. Although, in a way I suppose, it had taken four years. I could tell by the way my clit was still tingling that I wasn’t done yet but I wanted to feel him inside me more than I’ve ever wanted anything.

I pulled him up by the ears and kissed him, licking my juices from his face, and from his mouth and tongue.

“Wow,” He said, “that --”

“Shut up and fuck me Chris!” I interrupted, sticking my tongue back in his mouth.

He fought with his pants and underwear while still trying to kiss me and eventually he managed it.

When he first entered me the feeling was incredible. It wasn’t that he was huge or anything, although he was a very nice size, it was the way I felt: complete, like something that I’d been missing was back again. I wanted to swallow him all up until we became one. I think it was all those feelings that made me cum the way I did, and I did cum hard, and a lot.

We lay afterwards in a big, happy, sweaty, cummy mess. I clung to him so tightly and I knew there was no way I was ever going to let this one go again.

And that children is how I met your father - only joking, although we did get married and we did have children and they have heard that story, heavily redacted of course.

I guess someday they may come across this on the net but sneakily I changed the names to protect the wicked!

If you are reading this darlings it wasn’t me, it was some other girl with a treehouse.
