Nate and Linda (part1)
(interr, fdom, bdsm, law)



When I first met my wife, we were both law students at a well
known law school in the Mid-West. It was the very first class of
law school ("How to do legal research") and twenty of us were
standing around in the law library's conference room when this
stunning blonde literally ran into me. She apologized in a
totally charming Southern drawl.

"Oh, I do apologize. I thought I was late, you see."

I made a slight bow, and said "No problem. We're still waiting on
the instructor. My name is Nate."

She relaxed and said "I'm Linda. I just came here straight from
the airport."

"Well, I've been here since yesterday, so, if you'd like, I can
show you around later."

She smiled up at me. Between her natural charms and her voice, I
knew that I was going to be putty in her hands if I wasn't
careful.

Luckily she had no clue as to what I was thinking and merely said
"That would be lovely!"

The Instructor arrived and the rapid pace of first year legal
studies soon overwhelmed us.

Once our course was over, I caught her eye and asked her "Do you
have a place to stay?"

Linda shook her head, frowned and said "No. I have a motel
reservation, but that's hardly long term..."

Carefully, I said "I'm staying in a four bedroom condo with some
married friends. We have an extra bedroom with bath. It's
reasonably cheap and it's not far. Sheila's girlfriend Rachel was
supposed to stay with us, but Harvard came through for her at the
last minute, so we're stuck."

I will confess my motives were entirely dishonorable. Linda was
the sexiest woman I had seen in quite a while. She has blonde
hair (and no I'm not saying if it's out of a bottle or not), an
athletic body that has plenty of curves, wide blue eyes, and an
adorable nose that's lightly dusted with freckles. Her head
barely reaches my chin.

Luckily for me, she eventually agreed to move in. We haven't been
separated for any serious amounts of time since. We graduated
school having both made law review. We were married immediately
after we passed the Bar. Linda looked radiant in her white gown
and I was darkly handsome in my tuxedo.

I've always had fantasies about being the slave of a dominant
woman. And as is common to men with such fantasies, I also have
the standard being cuckolded fantasies. What I didn't know at the
time was that Linda had known about my secret sex fantasies since
she discovered my stash of porn in our second year of law school.

The first inkling I had of our life to come was on our honeymoon.
We were booked in a cabin in the mountains for two weeks before
we returned to start our married lives back home. The first
night, I made to carry her across the threshold, but she put her
arm on me and said, "Let's do that when we get home." It made no
never mind to me, so I agreed and we entered.

Linda sat on the bed, utterly gorgeous, and asked me "How do you
want our marriage to be?"

I was confused and showed it. "What do you mean?"

She said simply "When we moved in our second year, I found your
stories. Is that something you are truly interested in?"

I was floored. I had never shown my stories to anyone or even
discussed them. Our sex life had been pure vanilla until then.

"Um, that is, yes. Yes I am. I never thought...that is, I"

Linda held her hand up. "I don't mind. I've always thought I
might be dominant and I'm definitely a sadist. But I didn't want
to talk about it until after we were married. I needed the
security of a real commitment because our relationship is more
important to me than any sex play. I love you Nate. I just wish
you could have brought this up."

I could feel the heat in my cheeks. "I love you too. But, these
feelings make me feel ashamed and aroused. I can't bear the
thought of losing you by expressing them."

She said "Never. That's not going to happen as long as you're
honest with me." And then she came to me and hugged me.

After a long moment and a very satisfying kiss, we broke apart
and she sat back on the bed. I promised her I would always say
what I thought and felt.

She laughed and said "Good! Now how committed are you to these
fantasies of yours? Is this something you'd like occasionally,
often or all the time? How far do you want to go with this? Sit
down on the floor and tell me about it."

I sat down at her feet and said "I'd love to live like that.
Obviously, for work, we can't. But when we're at home, that's
what I want."

She smiled and said "That's what I's wants Mistress Linda"

"That's what I wants, Mistress Linda."

"Get undressed here, I'll go change in the bathroom.When you're
undressed, kneel here until I return."

"Yessum"

I waited until she left the bedroom and then arose and stripped.
My cock was as erect as it had ever been.

She came back a long time later dressed in a pink, sheer garment
revealed everything and showed nothing.

She stood beside me for a while. I could see her toes move
slightly as she thought. Then after an agony of waiting, she
snapped "Get up!"

I stood.

Her cheeks were pink with passion and her eyes had a certain fire
to them I had never seen before.

"You're a bold slave, to eyeball me like that. I think you need
to be shown your place."

Matching her actions to her words, she grabbed my arm, put a set
of cuffs around one wrist and tied the cuffs to an eyebolt that
happened to be attached to the beam above us.

Then it hit me. She was totally prepared for this moment. I had
no control at all. I was totally in her power, and I was where I
had wanted to be my whole life. She fixed my other arm to another
eyebolt, then put a spreader bar between my legs, attaching it
with a cuffs as well. I was utterly defenseless. She whispered in
my ear "If you can no longer stand it, just say or whistle
'Dixie' and I will stop."

"Yes ma'am, but I won't, ma'am."

"Good." I could feel the heat leave my body as she walked away
behind me.

I heard the hiss of cane and then the sting of it across my
buttocks. I clamped my mouth shut. I was not going to cry out if
I could at all help it.
"You need to remember your place and what you are and who you
belong to."

Crack

Another stroke, above and parallel to the first.

"You are my property."

Crack. This one landed on top of where the first had hit.

"You belong to me."

Crack

"You do not look at me"

Crack

"You look where you belong, down on the ground."

Crack

The blows were getting harder, but by keeping my mouth completely
shut I was able to not utter sound other than a sharp exhalation
of breath.

"Nathaniel is too fancy a name for you. Nate is too proud a name
for you."

Crack

"Your name from now on is Rastus."

Crack

"What's your name, boy"

Crack

"Rastus." Opening my mouth and speaking was bad. I let out a sob.

Crack

"Rastus, what?"

Crack
Her timing was impeccable. She caught me as I was trying to
reply. I sobbed "Rastus, ma'am."

Crack

"And what are you?"

Crack

"Your slave ma'am."

The beating stopped and my butt began to throb. I heard her soft
footstep and then her hand stroked my wounds, almost as though
butterflies were landing on them. My cock engorged and betrayed
my inner feelings. I clamped my mouth shut again. The soft
stroking ceased and she went back a bit. I first knew she had
returned  when I felt the touch of a cat o' nine tails hit my
back. It stung slightly, but it also felt like a caress.

She was not hitting me hard. But it heightened my awareness of
just how much vulnerable, exposed flesh I had for her to attack.

Her strokes started to hit different parts of my back, arse and
thighs. Never the same place twice in a row. Then she started to
beat me harder. I began to notice her breaths as she swung the
cat. Her strokes grew more frequent. They no longer were light
but heavy, hard blows that brought tears to my eyes and caused me
to break out in a torrent of sweat.

Then the pain stopped and I left her hand squeezing my taut
muscles. It was as though she were at the market and I was a
vegetable or fruit she was planning to buy. She pinched, prodded
and squeezed all over my body. When she moved in front of me, I
cast my eyes down and hung my head. Sweat dripped off of my face.
The fingers of one of her hands gripped my jaw and the other hand
thrust into my mouth.

"Open, boy" She ordered.

She probed all over my mouth, and then moved down my body,
tweaking my nipples, patting my abdomen, and running a delicate
finger down my thigh. I shivered at the sensation. Without
warning her fist hit me in the balls. I let out a grunt as pain
ricocheted all over my nervous system.

She patted my cock and said "Here are the rules. When we are in
public, you will be attentive and respectful, but need not
address me by anything other than my name."
She emphasized each one with an almost gentle flick of the cat.
"When we are in private, you will call me ma'am or Mistress
Linda, unless I use your birth name"
"You will wear only the clothing I provide for you."
"You will lay out my clothing each day. You will dress me, comb
my hair and do my makeup."
"You will obey my every order and my every whim."
"You do not get to have any money unless I give it to you."
"You have no possessions."
"At all times, you will remember that I love you."
"If you ever use the safe word, then this lifestyle stops. That
will not end our relationship."
"Do you understand me, Rastus?"

"Yes ma'am. I understands."

"Good boy."

She moved behind me again. The only sound I could hear were my
own ragged breaths.

Then  I heard the hiss of the cane. This time she didn't limit
herself to my arse but ranged all up and down the thick parts of
my flesh. My eyes dilated in pain and then as the blows came
harder and faster a true feeling of peace and joy came over me. I
still hurt and the pain was intense, but I knew that I belonged
to her. The rigidity came out of my muscles and I began to sob
with each blow, tears mingling with the sweat.

Her voice came from behind, low and throaty. "Who are you?"

"Rastus, mistis"

"What are you?"

"A slave, ma'am"

"Whose slave?"

"Your slave, Mistress Linda."

"Good boy."

Her hands were cool on my sore and extended legs as she undid the
cuffs. Then she glided one of her palms up the expanse of my skin
from ankle to wrist and uncuffed my arms as well.

She sat on the bed, pointed to the floor and said "Kneel, boy."

I knelt at her feet. I heard a jar top being unscrewed and then
felt cool lotion being spread over my shoulders, my back, my
cheeks and down to my thighs.
She moved back on the bed and lay down. I heard her say
mockingly, "Come to me, boy and you'd better make me scream, or
I'll make you scream."

I crawled onto the bed and began kissing her, beginning with her
toes., careful to keep my eyes from hers. I caressed her firm
buttocks and then began to plant feather soft kissed on her
thighs and abdomen. Her back began to arch and she wriggled
slightly in place. She smelled deliciously of mingled light sweat
and perfume. I barely stroked her petaled lips and she writhed in
my grasp. I wanted, needed to deny her the pleasure as long as
possible, so I delicately kissed closer and closer to her labia.
I touched her clitoris with the merest tip of my tongue and then
moved in closer and harder.

Linda let out a moan. Then I knew that she was as aware and
focused on this moment as I was.  I seized my opportunity and
planted my mouth firmly upon her sex. She grabbed my head with
her hands and bucked wildly, then relaxed a bit. I did not ease
my attack but continued at my work. She gradually began to tense
and relax in rhythmical spasms of pleasure. Her palm struck my
face and she moaned "Take me, now!"

I moved on top of my body and entered her. Our mouths met in a
deep, passionate kiss. I withdrew my manhood slowly and and
re-entered her just as slowly. My pace was firm, but deliberate.
In my lovemaking I was mimicking the same rhythms she had used in
beating me. I could feel my own body begin to spasm. I moved my
mouth down from her mouth to her neck and kissed her hard all
over the white curves of it. Her back arched in another spasm of
joy. Her fingernails dug deep into my skin and moved down my
back. I came at once in an instance of pure feeling, every sense
replete.

After our orgasm, she said, "Don't stop!"

My cock had lost some of its rigidity but little of its size, so
I began to take gentle strokes and moved into a smooth pace of
thrust and withdraw. I moved my mouth from her neck and slowly
moved my body down hers, kissing her chest, her arms, her
breasts, down in small steps to her pussy.

I returned to mouth to her now engorged lips and began to kiss
those lips as well. Linda moved her legs onto my shoulders. I
spiraled inwards in ever smaller circles to her clitoris. My
mouth and tongue took gross liberties with her most private parts
as her moans and cries grew ever louder and less coherent.

A little while later, we lay stretched out, side by side, on the
bed. My black hand lay on her pale breast. Her hand gently
stroked mine. "I love you, Nate" She said. "I love you too,
Linda" I replied. "Thank you so much"

"My pleasure", she said. "I want to be up by 9. I'll wear my
khakis, the blue top and hiking boots. I want eggs for
breakfast."

"Yes Mistress" I sighed.

I love her.

(End of Part One)


email me at: TwistedTalespinner <at> Gmail.com
