The following is a work of fiction consisting of adult concepts and 
possibly sex.
Do not read if you are not legally permitted. I dont want the police 
on my front doorstep.
You are welcome to read but please dont distribute without my 
permission.
Feel free to make any comments to the author.
Send E-Mail to dalech33@hotmail.com

Passenger

I like to think that I am just your average, run of the mill sales 
assistant.  Hell I even wear a name tag right there on my chest for 
the whole world to see.  I live in an ordinary house in an ordinary 
suburb of an ordinary city.  I have ordinary hobbies and ordinary 
dreams.  I live an ordinary life.  But sometimes amazing things happen 
to ordinary people. 
I catch a train to work every day and, living in an outer suburb, I 
usually get a seat before the train gets too crowded.  Then it was 
simply a case of look out the window till the end of the ride.  I know 
a lot of you out there would probably prefer to read a good book but 
to be honest, reading in a moving vehicle always made me motion sick.  
So I was looking out the window when I felt the presence of another 
passenger sitting down beside me.  Allowing my eyes to focus on their 
reflection I quickly noticed that the passenger was a woman about my 
age.  Long blonde hair put up in a bun, wire frame glasses that look 
sexy on any woman and one of those power suits popular with the 
female executive.  She had an air of professionalism about her that 
was both sensual and intimidating.  My mother didnt raise me to be 
easily intimidated so I decided to strike up a conversation, perhaps 
in an attempt to ask her out.

Hi

Well ok, it was not one of the worlds greatest opening lines but it 
was a start.  No response so I tried again.

Morning.

She didnt even look at me.  Just a quick acknowledgment of my 
greeting and that was it.  I decided to try a little harder.

Nice morning isnt it? I said, as rain started to patter against the 
windows of the speeding train.  Beautiful timing.  I waited to see 
what her reply would be.  I waited for nearly five minutes.  Nothing.  
Not a damn thing.  With a sigh I went back to watching the rain sodden 
landscape rush by.  Then I felt a breath as light as a feather on my 
ear.

Im wet.

If my eyes had gotten any bigger they would of shot out their sockets 
and bounced off the window glass in front of me.  I turned to my 
fellow passenger to see her looking straight ahead.  She didnt look 
at me, not even out of the corner of her eye.  It was like I didnt 
exist.  I must have imagined it.  Yes, that was it, I had imagined 
that she had said such a thing.  There is no way a woman like this 
would whisper Im wet in my ear. Obviously I was projecting my 
sexual fantasies on her.  I looked towards the front of the train, 
trying to gather my thoughts when I felt that breath again.

My pussy is dripping.

I turned quickly to see her looking forward again.

Excuse me? I said.  I was sure she had spoken that time.  But again 
she refused to acknowledge me.  Damn this was starting to drive me 
nuts.  Was she saying these things or not?  Was I going quietly 
insane?  An image of my self running naked up and down the aisles of 
the train yelling The Martians are Coming rose up in front of me.

I need a cock inside me.

I turned my head so fast that I could hear the tendons crack in 
surprise.  She was still looking forward but I could see just the hint 
of a smile on her lips.  Omigod, it was her. She was actually doing 
this.  I decided to make a move.

It is you whispering into my ear isnt it?

No response.  Not a thing.  God dammit what the hell was she doing?  
Then an idea struck me.  I turned to look towards the front of the 
train again.  That familiar breath was not long in coming.

I need a cock to fuck my wet pussy

I wasnt going to turn.  I was going to stay watching forward.  
Nothing would get me to turn.  I could play this game to.

I need someone to lick my pussy.  To run their tongue gently over my 
pussy lips.  To slowly ease them apart.

So that was it huh?  She was playing a game.  As long as I kept facing 
forward she would keep up her teasing.  And that was basically what 
she was doing, trying to tease me.  But it was not going to work.  I 
was made of stronger stuff than that.  Now if I could just hide this 
raging hard-on of mine.

Do you want to do that to me?  Do you want to lick my pussy?  Would 
that turn you on?

A light sweat broke out on my brow

Would it turn you on to hear me moan as you tongued my pussy?  Would 
it make you hard knowing that you could make me cum at any time, just 
by licking my slit.

I gave a nervous cough.  I was determined not to let her get to me.

Do you want to gently suck my clit?  Do you want to slide your 
fingers into my dripping pussy?  Do you want to hear me moan your 
name?

Nope.  Not at all.  To be honest you dont turn me on at all.  Youre 
a scrag, a whore, an ugly bitch.  Oh god this was killing me.

Do you have a big cock?  Does it harden and throb at the thought of 
screwing me? Would it jerk at the touch of my breath?  Would you groan 
at the touch of my hand as it slowly encircled your shaft?

Sweat was pouring off me now.  I moved my bag on my lap to allow my 
cock a little breathing room.  But there was no way I was taking it 
completely off my lap. 

Would you like the feeling of my tongue as it ran gently over the 
head of your cock? Would you groan as I ran one nail down the under 
side of your shaft till it reached your balls?

I could feel every vibration as the train ran along its rails.  I used 
to think the ride was fairly smooth till now.  Every join in the track 
seemed to echo through my body.

Can you feel my hot breath on your balls?  Can you feel my tongue as 
it darts out to touch them oh so briefly?  Can you feel my mouth 
enclose your balls in moist warmth?

I swear to god that this teasing was driving me insane.  Every word 
she spoke was bouncing off the inside of my skull and penetrating 
deeply into my brain. 

Can you feel my tongue as it slides up your shaft?  Can you feel it 
as it plays across the ridge of your head?  Can you feel my mouth 
envelop you?

This was turning into one of the most intense sexual experiences of my 
life.  My vision was starting to cloud.  My groin was incredibly hot.  
I could feel sweat running down the inside of my thighs.

Can you feel my hair as it cascades down over your hips.  Can you 
feel my mouth move further down your shaft?  Can you feel the tip of 
your cock press against the back of my throat?

And that when I noticed it.  In my state of heightened sexual 
awareness I could here the slight tremor in her voice.  I could feel 
her breath becoming heavier.  It was getting her off.  Talking dirty 
to a complete stranger on a crowded train was getting her excited.  
Really excited.  My nose could pick up that smell that a woman in heat 
has.  Even over the perfume and aftershave of the crowded conditions 
could not mask that smell.  It was like ambrosia to my sex-starved 
mind.

Can you feel my tongue swirl around the tip of your cock?  Can you 
feel my hand cradle your balls?

And Ill be damned if I didnt actually feel it.  Every move, every 
action she described was translating itself to my nervous system.  I 
could feel her working on me.  I could feel her touch on me.  And by 
god it was making me incredibly horny.

Can you feel me straddle you?  Can you feel your cock as it presses 
against the entrance to my pussy?  Can you feel it as I slowly impale 
myself on you?  Can you feel my nipples brush against you lips as I 
lean forward?

I wanted to take her right there and then.  I wanted to tear our 
clothes off and fuck her on that crowded train.  And I wanted them all 
to watch as I brought this goddess to orgasm.  I wanted them to see me 
fuck her until she screamed my name, until I came deep inside her, 
until we collapsed in utter exhaustion.

Can you feel me as I rock back and forth on your monstrous cock? Can 
you feel my pussy clamp down on you?  Can you. Oh God!

She was cuming; I knew it in my heart.  It was the most incredibly 
sensual thing I had ever heard.  And it had more effect on me than 
anything she had said up till then.  I groaned softly as I came right 
there, sitting on a crowded train as a goddess groaned into my ear.  I 
knew I would be carrying my bag in front of me as I walked from the 
train station to work.  And to tell you the truth, I didnt give a 
shit.  I turned to look at my co-passenger.  Aside from a slight 
reddening of the cheeks there did not seem to be anything to even hint 
at what had just happened.  I thought about talking to her, about 
thanking her, about asking her name.  But I knew she would ignore 
anything I said. It was part of the game. 
She got off at the stop before mine.  She didnt look back, didnt say 
goodbye.  She just got up and walked off the train.


Is that the end?  I hear you ask.  Did you ever see her again?  
Well yes, I did see her again.  She was on the same train a couple of 
weeks after our little experience. She was whispering into the ear of 
the man she was sitting next too.  He seemed to be confused at first 
but he soon worked out the rules of the game.  And when she got off I 
swear she looked at me and gave me a secretive little smile.

