"I told you to tell me what you're doing here." Merlin demanded.

"My my, someone's feeling testy," said Aloysius. "If you'd like to stop pretending to be a tough guy I've got a proposition for you."

Merlin relaxed the arm that was pinning Aloysius to the wall, just a little. "Talk fast," he said.

"I'd love to know what's put you in such a bad mood. We could go and have a chat over a tankard of ale, you know. But if you'd rather assault me in a common alley way…."

"You were following me. You've been following me since Cinross, if not all the way from bloody Camelot. That makes a person suspicious."

"I didn't think you'd want me to pop up and say hello with your precious Arthur around. And he is around a lot, isn't he? He's even joined you on your little quest."

"We're on a hunting trip."

"If you say so."

Merlin gave Aloysius a long stare. Aloysius looked back with that same shrewd, feline expression he'd given Merlin back in Camelot. Merlin could feel Aloysius's heartbeat thrumming in his chest, fast but steady. There was a hint of a smirk on his lips that gave him the suggestion of dimples.

Merlin's fingers released Aloysius's shirt; his arm fell from his chest. "If you run, I will catch you," Merlin said. "Start talking."

"Don't I even get a drink first?"

"Listen-"

In a second Aloysius surged forwards with surprising strength, turning the tables so Merlin was the one with his back pressed against the wall. Merlin's right hand twitched; magic surged through him. He held it tight, controlled.

"No," Aloysius said. "You listen, Merlin. I'm a reasonable man. I know why you're here. Let's not pretend I don't. I also know a few other things about you that you might not want your precious Arthur to know, so why don't we both behave like decent human beings and go and discuss this somewhere you can't turn me into a toad. Alright?"

Merlin let the magic fade. He was furious, beyond furious, as much with himself for falling into a trap as anything else. But risking magic in a public place wasn't going to help that. He took a deep breath.

"If you're not gone by the time Arthur comes-"

"You'll what? Pretend you don't know me? Oh, I'm hurt, Merlin. I thought we had a special relationship."

Something about the way he said 'special' stopped Merlin in his tracks, and before he'd recovered Aloysius was pressing his mouth to Merlin's. It was barely a kiss, over in a second, Merlin was struck dumb and still with the mere thought of it. But in the split second before he was capable of thought, his body gave its opinion in no uncertain terms. Merlin's skin warmed and his belly clenched and for that one, fleeting second he wanted to kiss Aloysius right back, to flatten him against the wall and….

Merlin shoved Aloysius away, and Aloysius let him, but the smirk was full-on now and Merlin was madder than ever.

"That's better," Aloysius said. "The ale here is supposed to be the best in the northern lands, you know."

Merlin followed him into the tavern.

*

"It's a small game, a local affair, run by the landlord of the Fox. It's nothing special, just dice and cups, low stakes. What d'you say?"

"No." said Merlin. "I thought I made that clear back in Camelot."

Aloysius licked ale-froth off his upper lip. "You said you didn't want to come with me. But seeing as we're in the same place anyway..."

"You're pretending that happened by accident?"

"Of course not, I know what's in that scroll, remember? It just so happens I know this game is here, and you'd be here, so.... Come on, Merlin, it would be fun. We could make a shit-load of money."

"What happened to the money we made last time?"

Aloysius shrugged and looked away. "It comes, it goes."

"You gambled it away," said Merlin, with a pang of disgust. "All that money and you just-"

"Let's not get into judging each other, shall we, Merlin? Because I know whenever you think about that scroll you're drenched in guilt and I don't think it would take me too long to work out why."

"You could try," said Merlin.

"Ooh, fighting talk from the young warlock. Keen to unburden your secrets after all, eh? Because that's what they are to you, aren't they, Merlin? A burden. Must drive you mad at night, worrying about what your precious Arthur would do if he found out."

"You have no idea what you're talking about."

"I can see it might get confusing. Because your magic isn't the only secret you're keeping from him, is it?"

Merlin looked up sharply. Aloysius's eyes were narrowed, clever, devious as ever. "That's none of your business."

"That's a shame. I could help. Bet you'd love to know what goes through his mind when he watches you bend over to fix the buckle on your boots."

"What?"

Aloysius laughed. "Oh, really Merlin. You are the most deliciously naive-"

"Stop this," Merlin said, furious, his voice low and as threatening as he could manage. "Just tell me. What do you want from me?"

Apparently unmoved by Merlin's anger, Aloysius took a slow pull on his ale, swallowed and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. "Help me out with the game tonight. You've got nothing to lose, you'll be on your way in the morning and no-one will be any the wiser about anything. Who knows, you might make a bit for yourself again."

"And if I refuse?" Because Merlin needed to hear it, needed to know for certain how completely and utterly stupid he'd been the day he struck the bargain to get the scroll.

"I'll tell Arthur."

Merlin hissed in breath. "But if you tell Arthur I have magic he'll have me killed, and then I definitely won't be able to help you cheat at dice anymore, will I?"

Aloysius leaned across the table. "You're not listening, Merlin. I didn't say anything about telling Arthur about your magic."

Merlin's guts went tight with panic. "Then what-"

"You brought the scroll with you, didn't you? That scroll has magic written all over it. Just to possess such a thing is a serious crime in Camelot, is it not?"

"But-"

"You have too many secrets, Merlin. That's not the only one I could spill. It's just the kindest."

Merlin stared down at the table, defeated. He had thought, perhaps, that Aloysius might be a friend. But he'd seen the look of greed in his eyes back in Camelot, and it was clear that he wanted Merlin's help at the gambling tables a lot more than he wanted his friendship.

Heart heavy, not meeting Aloysius's gaze, Merlin said, "Alright. But this is the last time."

"Of course, Merlin," Aloysius said. "You can trust me."

And Merlin knew absolutely, without doubt, that he could not.

*

Merlin made his excuses after dinner and left Arthur reading in his room while he went to meet Aloysius in the Fox. He'd told some story about going to check on the horses, not that Arthur paid much attention. In fact it wasn't altogether a lie; he fully intended to return to the stables after whatever Aloysius had in mind - things were far too complicated everywhere he turned and a few simple hours where there were only horses and a pile of straw to deal with sounded like bliss to Merlin.

The Fox was smaller and dingier than the Lamb and Flag, and he couldn't see Aloysius at first; just a room full of men who, while not exactly commoners, reeked of bad choices and cheap ale. Then he noticed an open door at the back of the bar, and through the door, a glimpse of black bandana and expensive boots.

Merlin hurried across the room, anxious to get the whole sordid business over with as quickly as possible. No sooner had he stepped across the threshold than the door shut behind him. He coughed; the air was thick with choking smoke from an ill-kept fire in the corner, and there were no windows. Just another door to the left of the hearth.

"Ah, Merlin," Aloysius said. "Come on in, don't be shy. Gentlemen, this is the lad I was telling you about."

Aloysius slung an over-familiar arm around Merlin's shoulders and guided him to the table in the centre of the room. It was smaller than the one in the tent back in Camelot, but had the same canvas cover painted with the same grid of numbers. There were five men ranged around the table. All but one looked up and gave Merlin meaningless smiles, eyes gleaming with greed and desperation. The fifth had his head down, resting on folded arms in a puddle of ale, apparently asleep.

"Hello," said Merlin. "I'm sorry, I'm new to this. I hope I don't mess up."

"Don't worry, boy," the man nearest the head of the table said. "Everyone has a first time."

"We'll be gentle," said the man next to him, and the room erupted in raucous laughter.

Merlin blushed, which he supposed would at least serve to strengthen his persona as an innocent ripe for corruption, but he hated it just the same. Aloysius gave him a look of feigned sympathy that made Merlin wanted to hit him very hard on the nose.

"Here, sit next to me," Aloysius said, shoving Merlin down onto a wooden stool. "I'll look after you."

Merlin managed a smile which he hoped looked more grateful and less murderous than it felt.

He surveyed the dubious company he'd thrown himself in with. The man who'd been first to speak to him was big and battle-worn, one eye so badly scarred he could barely open it. One hand - his sword-hand, Merlin guessed - was wrapped around a tankard, missing two fingers, the others twisted, his grip painful-looking. The man to his right was younger, better-looking but with the ruddy complexion and glazed eyes of a serious drinker. The remaining two were younger: one quite smartly dressed, his companion in old leather armour, but both with the same haunted, desperate look in their eyes.

Aloysius slid a tankard of ale in front of Merlin and Merlin took a swig of it in the vague hope it might quell his nausea. It didn't.

The door by the fireplace opened, admitting a welcome waft of cool, relatively clean air. Merlin looked up to see who was coming in.

He shouldn't have been surprised, really. As soon as he saw her it all made perfect, crushing, miserable sense.

He watched her take her place at the head of the table, red hair cascading over a rich, green velvet dress.

"Good evening, gentlemen," she said. "Place your bets, first game of the night. Lady plays sweet doubles."

She looked Merlin straight in the eye, and winked.

*

"Gentleman to my right wins, new game. Straight luck, no bonuses. Bets please, gentlemen."

Merlin coughed. He was on the verge of panic. He kept losing, because if Aloysius thought he was going to use magic in front of the Lady again he was an idiot, and the Lady saw to it that he wasn't going to win the old-fashioned way. It may have been Aloysius's stake but it wasn't the money Merlin was worried about. His eyes stung with smoke.

He scraped his chair back and got to his feet, painfully aware that all eyes were on him. "I'm just, um-" he jerked his thumb over his shoulder, towards the door. "Need some fresh air."

Battle-scarred Man laughed, his companions soon joining in. It wasn't a nice sort of laughter at all.

"You can't leave until the game's over," said Aloysius. "Sit down, Merlin."

It was the first thing Aloysius had said to him since Lady Margaret entered the room. He sounded almost apologetic, staring at the table, reluctant to meet Merlin's gaze.

Merlin sat.

"So, Merlin, is it?" said Battle-scarred. "That's a pretty name, pretty boy."

"I... no," said Merlin. "I don't know why he called me that. My name's, um, Rupert."

More laughter.

"Tell them," Merlin said, and elbowed Aloysius very hard in the ribs.

"That's why I called you Merlin," said Aloysius, as if to an idiot, reminding Merlin far too much of Arthur. "No real names, remember? Ah, Rupert, you have so much to learn."

Another wave of laughter, and Merlin was seriously considering setting fire to something to cover a swift escape when Aloysius squeezed his knee under the table. Then Merlin just considered setting fire to Aloysius.

"Your attention please, Gentlemen," said Lady Margaret. "The Lady plays low."

Merlin sullenly emptied the whole pouch of coins Aloysius had given him on double-six.

Aloysius laughed nervously. "He's a beginner," he said. "He doesn't really know what he's doing."

"I understand perfectly," Merlin said. He looked the Lady right in the eye. "Lowest score wins, double stake for two ones, correct?"

Lady Margaret inclined her head graciously in affirmation.

"Merlin," Aloysius whimpered.

"Rupert," Merlin corrected him. "And as soon as I've lost everything, I get to leave?"

"Yes," said the Lady.

"Thank you," said Merlin. "Everything on double-six."

The other men placed their bets generously, tempted by the huge pile of coins Merlin had offered them.

The dice rolled from the Lady's cup, and Merlin stilled time.

Merlin felt the same tug, the same force from beneath the canvas table-cover, pulling the dice to double-six. The Lady clearly had no intention of letting Merlin leave. Perhaps she'd forgotten or didn't quite believe what he'd achieved with his magic the last time.

It didn't take much, just the slightest twitch of Merlin's power, to tumble the dice to a double-one, making sure they'd settled true before he fell back to ordinary time.

The battle-scarred man was whooping and cheering, his neighbour clapping him on the back while the others smiled sourly at him.

"Oh Merlin," Aloysius said.

"Lowest score wins, loser pays double," the Lady said, with an ominous smile.

"What?" said Merlin.

"Double stake for double ones," Aloysius said, miserably.

"But-"

"Double Stake, Merlin. The house doesn't pay out. You do."

"I haven't anything to pay with," Merlin said weakly, staring at the pile of money the battle-scarred man was gathering from the table. "I don't have anything else."

The Lady leant in close, her breasts skimming the canvas as she collected the dice back into her shaker. "Oh, but you do," she said, sweetly, her lips tilted in apparent amusement. "You really do. Rupert."

*

"You can't win me. How can you own a person?"

"You're a servant," Battle-scarred said. "You're already owned, boy."

"Then I can't give myself away," Merlin pointed out. "Only my Master can do that."

Battle-scarred got to his feet; he was just as imposing as his swagger suggested. Merlin suspected he could swat anyone in the room like a fly. "Take me to this Master of yours, then. I'm sure I can make him see reason."

Merlin took a step back, knocking over the stool in the process.

"Be seated, Guntvig," the Lady said. "The game is not over yet, and no-one trades lives at my tables. Leave the boy to me."

Guntvig mumbled his reluctant assent and took his place at the tables again.

"A word with you," the Lady said to Merlin, and beckoned him to follow her through the door by the hearth and into an ante room. There was a chair draped in furs and a small table laden with refreshments. The Lady poured herself a goblet of wine from a decanter, and offered Merlin a plate of sweetmeats.

Merlin shook his head. He kept his hands behind his back, fingers twisting around each other.

"You've got yourself into quite the pickle," Lady Margaret said.

"Really?" said Merlin. "I hadn't noticed."

She popped a truffle into her mouth. Her lips were red and full. She delicately licked her fingers.

"I can leave any time I want," Merlin said. "You can't stop me."

"No." She gave him a long, penetrating look. "I don't suppose I can. That would mean you have a choice."

"A choice?"

"Yes. You could, as you quite rightly say, leave. I expect that would involve a lot of drama, Guntvig would hunt you down and there would be violence of a most unpleasant variety. Or, you could let me help you."

"I don't need your help."

"Is that so?"

"I can cheat just as well as you," hissed Merlin. "I've beaten you before, remember?"

"That's where you're wrong, you see. Manipulating the dice is one thing. Manipulating the game is something else entirely. To win the game you have to understand the game, and I really don't think you do, do you, Merlin?"

"I made a mistake. That doesn't mean-"

"So, you could leave, or you could work for me."

"What do you want me to do?"

"Even up the odds a little."

"You can do that quite well yourself," hissed Merlin. "You don't need me."

"That's not always strictly true, Merlin. My luck is not infallible, and there are those who are wise to such… methods of securing a win. We could make an excellent team, Merlin. With my skill, Aloysius's talent and your power."

Merlin looked her in the eye, the fingers of his right hand spreading. "You want me to help you cheat."

"I want you to help me run the game."

"Guess I'd better leave, then. There's no way I'm getting mixed up in this. You're ruining peoples' lives."

The Lady laughed. "No, my dear, I'm really not. Men like this would ruin their lives quite easily on their own. At least this way they're doing it indoors, and nobody else gets hurt."

"What about Aloysius?"

"Aloysius wants for nothing."

"So long as he keeps playing."

"He made his choice."

"Is this what you did to him? Backed him into a corner and forced him to help you for the rest of his life?"

Lady Margaret laughed. "Really, Merlin, you have an immense propensity for exaggeration. Aloysius is hardly my slave." Her eyes narrowed, her lips curving into a sly smile. "Not even my servant. He's a free man. Don't you ever want to be free, Merlin?"

"I am free," Merlin said. "Nobody's forcing me to be Arthur's servant."

"My, such loyalty. Prince Arthur is a lucky man indeed. Fortunately I don't need to wrestle you from his big muscular arms. But if you were to perform one simple task for me, our debt can be forgotten and, if you insist, we can go our separate ways."

"What's the task?" Merlin asked, suspiciously.

"There's a man staying at this inn who has something which belongs to me. I would like you to retrieve it for me."

"He stole it from you?"

"In a manner of speaking. It's a ring that belonged to my mother; it's very precious to me."

"Where is it?"

"He keeps it locked in a small box under his pillow. It is his habit to take a walk every evening before he retires for the night. You will check that he's gone, enter his room, open the box, retrieve my ring and bring it back to me. Then your debt will be repaid."

"And if I don't?"

"Providing you survive whatever Guntvig has in store, it'll be up to Arthur to decide what to do about his servant being a sorcerer. Do you think he's ready for that test yet?"

Merlin closed his eyes and silently cursed his own stupidity.

"This quest is important to you," the Lady said, softly. "Do this, and it is yours to complete, unhindered."

"Alright," said Merlin. "Tell me where I can find his room."

*

The hallway was dark: dingy candlelight quickly dispersed by expanses of wood paneling and faded, moth-bothered tapestries. Merlin crept along, Aloysius a half-step behind him. The Lady had insisted he would be useful, although Merlin was thoroughly convinced he'd be better off alone.

"This door," Aloysius said. "On the left." He was still for a moment, as if thinking. "There's no-one home."

Merlin gestured at the door handle and whispered ~Tospringe~. There was a soft click and the door swung open by an inch.

"Very nice," Aloysius said.

"Oh, shut up," said Merlin.

The room was even darker than the hallway. Merlin found a candle on a low table just inside the door, and lit it. He waited a moment, becoming slowly accustomed to the shadows, then crept towards the big, curtained bed in the centre of the room.

"Keep watch," he whispered. "Don't touch anything."

"As if I would. I'm not a complete amateur, you know."

Merlin found a pillow and felt under it: sure enough, there was a box, just as the Lady had promised. Merlin sprang the lock and had just closed his fingers around the ring inside when Aloysius hissed at him, "Quick! He's coming back!"

Merlin forced himself to keep calm long enough to re-lock the box, replace it under the pillow and square the pillow on the bed. By then Aloysius looked ready to bolt for it and he could hear footsteps in the hall outside.

"Quick," Merlin said, grabbing Aloysius's hand and tugging him across the room. He flattened himself against the wall to the right of the entrance, Aloysius beside him, and swiftly shut and relocked the door before blowing out the candle.

"Merlin," Aloysius whispered, his hand still in Merlin's. It was cold and clammy and, to Merlin's surprise, trembling.

"It's alright. When he opens the door he'll turn to the left, that's where the candle is. Only the candle isn't there, which buys us time to get out. Just follow me."

Aloysius squeezed his hand. "Okay."

The doorknob rattled.

Merlin held fast, wishing Aloysius wasn't breathing so loudly. Then the knob was turning and the door was opening, and a tall man, dressed in a dark, hooded cloak, strode into the room. Just as Merlin predicted he turned straight to the table where the candle should be.

Merlin gave Aloysius a shove and they slipped silently out of the door while the man was still fumbling for light.

*

"Shut up and look normal!"

But Aloysius couldn't stop laughing; Merlin had managed to get them both to the end of the hallway in moderate quiet, but as soon as they'd turned the corner Aloysius had started to shake and giggle, almost hysterical with relief.

"I thought you did things like this all the time?" Merlin said.

"I don't usually cut it that fine," Aloysius gasped. "I thought he was going to turn around and see us, for sure!"

"It's amazing how people really don't look when they're not expecting to see things. Come on, pull yourself together. Let's get this back to the Lady. I want to get out of here."

Aloysius nodded, and managed to calm himself down enough that they could cross the bar without attracting too much attention.

In the back room, the games continued. All but the sleeping gambler looked up as they came in; the Lady smiled.

"Please take a break, gentlemen, and avail yourselves of refreshment while I conclude my business with our two young friends."

"Eh?" said Guntvig.

"Get more ale while she gets your money," his friend helpfully supplied.

Merlin and Aloysius followed Lady Margaret into the back room, where Merlin passed her the ring. She smiled, the closest he'd seen to a genuine smile on her lips, and slipped the ring on the ring finger of her right hand. It fitted perfectly.

"Right," said Merlin. "I'll be on my way."

"Wait," Aloysius said. "How are you going to pay Guntvig? Merlin still doesn't have enough money."

"Ah," said the Lady. "Well, you tell me, Aloysius. You're the mind reader."

Aloysius took a step back, towards the door. "Merlin?" he said.

"Yes?"

"Run!"

And Merlin must have trusted him still because he had turned and was about to throw himself out of the door and run clean to the stables. But it was too late. He came face to face with Guntvig himself, and standing this close the man looked as imposing as a thirty-foot wall with spikes on top.

"Enough waiting," Guntvig said. "I want my winnings."

"Double or quits?" Merlin said, with the feeblest of grins.

*