The Mask that Angie Wears
byTheLostCause_90©

The Mask that Angie Wears Pt. 01

12:00 am, 31st February 2020, Coronavirus Lockdown Week 2:

I don't usually write journals, but for the sake of posterity I'm penning down whatever happens on my "adventures" here on my blog. Maybe I can look back on these someday when I'm older and no longer able to do the dangerous things I am now when young.

If you find these entries and they aren't finished or haven't been updated in a while, chances are that I've gotten in trouble for the shit I'm doing and am now behind bars somewhere, or that I've gotten tired of it and abandoned this blog.

But knowing me, I'll never get tired of it. It's more likely that I've pushed it too far by the time you're reading this. So I hope you appreciate my writing, because there's some risk that went into this. Not that I don't want to do it, oh no...

As an introduction, my name is Angie. I'm a 27 year old female and I'm what you call a NEET (Not in Education, Employment or Training) so I don't do much except loaf around my parents' house and masturbate all the time. I've always been into exhibitionism and I've had fantasies of exposing my body to a crowd of shocked people. That idea of people being utterly amazed at my brazen nudity has always turned me on massively.

I've had these urges since young, and after I got caught exposing myself in college I turned to eating as a comfort, and now I'm a slightly chubby overweight girl with body image issues. It's part of the reason why I am unable to hold down a job as well as function normally in society. I've been caught naked in places like common locker rooms at my previous job and after a few too many times they decided I was clearly a deviant and let me go.

In any case, the more I entertain this idea of public nudism, the deeper down I spiral into my fantasies.

As of February 2020, with the coronavirus going around and my country having gone on lockdown, I can't help but feel a strong urge to capitalize on the opportunity where there's little to no people around and I can finally be free as I was so long ago, once again. And so I've finally decided to head out there and satisfy my unique sexual cravings.

!!!!!!!!!!!!-

So I've put a lot of thought into the "mission" (Just know that I'm calling it that from here on in) and I've spent quite a bit of time exploring the place for security cameras, blind spots and things that can compromise things for me. It's not that I'm avoiding such things, even though I will be walking through the place completely naked. I actually want to be seen by someone. The idea being that since the coronavirus situation and with so many places on lockdown, it's the perfect time for me to head out and do this 'thing'.

I've always wanted to relive the memories of my tertiary days - I was 19 at the time - when I visited the school building on weekends for my "Exercises". They always had extra-curricular activities on Saturdays so I took the opportunity to sneak into the building. I would wait outside the building when it was still dark (the sun rises late here my side of the world) and then rush in just after the gate was opened by the custodian. Then I would find a nice little spot to dump my clothes and then strut about completely nude around the compound.

The feeling of being vulnerable in such a public setting left me reeling with exhilaration and anxiety simultaneously. The only thing that left me wanting more of it was the thrill of being seen.

Soon enough though, one day it happened that I was spotted by the cleaner. I still remember her shouting at me as I ran away as fast as I could. Unfortunately, my humanities teacher happened to be just coming in through the gate, and he quickly sprang into action when he heard the commotion. After a while I was sobbing and kept shouting "I'm sorry!" while my legs buckled and I crouched to cover my naked body. The teacher found me and told me to collect my clothes and head to the counselor's office.

Now that I think back on it, it's strange that he didn't accompany me, a naked and vulnerable student, to make sure I was safe as I went to the room to take my clothes. There were a few students who spotted me along the way and I couldn't decide to cover my body or my sobbing face. I felt so abandoned and at the same time, aroused by the experience. In a way, I got what I wanted, and I couldn't get enough.

Soon my parents were informed and they came down to speak to the teacher. My mind pretty much blocked out the memory of whatever happened next, but after that I was put on house arrest and no longer allowed to head out on weekends.

I would say that was probably the point where this thing of mine got worse, cos after being unable to head out on weekends, I began sneaking out at nights and went walking about nude around the neighbourhood. My parents began suspecting that I was sneaking out and put a bike lock around the gates, but that never stopped me to be honest. It was just a matter of climbing over the fence (I was slim enough to climb over at the time).

After a while, they realized there wasn't really a lot they could do and ceased intruding. They had their own problems anyway, which eventually led to them divorcing.

I do sometimes feel responsible for my family situation, but in any case I wasn't stopping my nightly runs. In fact, the stress and aggravation of being at home gave me all the more reason to want to head out there and strip everything off in public.

And so that's what I did for the next few years or so. It got so bad that it took over my life; the late nights pushing my body as I went about all naked and sweaty, coupled with the stress of avoiding being seen took a physical toll. Each nightly run was followed by a very long and exhausting masturbating session in which I must have squirted out enough bodily fluids to render me incapacitated and I'd fall into a long slumber through the day. I'd wake up late in the evening, when all I could think about was where I could push it further and more daringly than the previous night.

Initially, I would take it along the neighbourhood paths; quiet roads, empty (at least, I think they were) parks, pavilions etc. Then I built up courage overtime and went to increasingly exposed places, like busy parking lots, overhead bridges that were well-lit and at one point I even got into a closed train station. It got to a point where I eventually got bored, since I've 'conquered" so many areas by going naked without being spotted.

In the end, I couldn't deny that in spite of all that I've done, I could never replace the feeling of when I was seen by so many people. All those eyes scanning every bit of my flesh as it lay bare before them in that depraved, embarrassed state glistening like a slab of meat up for grabs. How many lustful eyes that saw me held a desire to molest my body like a plaything? How many wanted to fuck me where I stood? To fill me with their seed without consequence, as though I were inviting them by being so obvious in my lack of dress?

Eventually, the buzz wore off and I stopped doing it for a long time. I'd almost retired my exhibitionist fantasy when I realized there wasn't much avenue for me to live out my desires anymore. And frankly speaking, I got lazy and tired of it after pushing my already unfit body every other night through a stressful situation. Life carried on as it were, without much thought to that which had come to define me for a time.

Then, it was announced that the country would go into a lockdown when the covid19 virus reached our shores. Suddenly, all the opportunities lay before me and I felt an urge - no, a craving, to head out there again. I decided that I would use the lockdown to live out one of my most fantasized scenarios and try to get a stunt or two.

**Author's note: I would like to point out here that there is a strange inconsistency that the protagonist Angie has in her accounts, being that she stopped her activities by virtue of the fact she wouldn't be seen, and yet is using the lockdown situation to try and accomplish exactly that when she could've easily done so from the start, given that the consequences are unchanged. This is likely due to Angie's own mental issues, which can be attributed to borderline/ sociopathic disorders where individuals can sometimes make impulsive and uncharacteristic decisions. Angie is likely simply trying to explain away her own fickleness that she sees as normal, due to her mental condition. **

2:00 AM, 1st March 2020, Coronavirus Lockdown Week 2:

It later occurred to me that I never thought to wear a mask during all my exhibiting sessions until I saw that it was advised to wear one while heading out. The plan in my head was to head out from home in a mask - just the mask, absolutely nothing else - and try to see how far I could get before I was seen. The challenge I issued myself was that in the event I was seen, I wouldn't be able to hide or cover myself, and would just acknowledge the person before continuing onward as though nothing were wrong.

2:10 AM: My mother is asleep. I have taken everything off in my room, wore my mask and snuck out so she wouldn't hear me. I made it out the door which I locked - very quietly, not easy to do when butt ass naked - and kept the key under the fire hosereel. Before long, I was on my way to the lift.

2:15 AM: I took the lift. I thought that there would be someone, (I wanted there to be) but alas it's a quiet night. I'm not sure if the building guard was checking the lift's cctv. Seeing a naked chubby girl must've been quite a difference from his usual shift.

2:16 AM: The feeling is unforgettable. I love being naked in public. There was something different about coming out the house itself naked. It was so much more thrilling, not having my clothes somewhere like I usually did. As the lift reached the ground floor, I caught sight of my naked self in the mirror, with only a mask to hide behind. I felt so naughty and wet.

2:17 AM: The lift reached the ground floor. I poked my head out to ensure there wasn't anyone. I saw the silhouette of a man pass by the outside of the main entrance before stepping out onto the lobby. Sometimes there were people smoking along the stairwells beside the lift. I did smell some cigarette smoke so there were definitely people in there. I simply walked on out toward the main doors. Whether anyone saw me as I did, I didn't stay too long to check!

2:19 AM: Nice, I'm on the main street! Outside of my apartment complex is a rather hidden away alleyway so it's not too public yet. I could see there was very little, if any population for as long as I could see, because of the lockdown. Besides the faint street lamps and the blaring lights of the bus stop in the distance, it was quite dark. I took a left turn and made my way along the alley to where the minimart was...


The Mask that Angie Wears Pt. 02

2:22 AM: I love and miss this feeling so much. I'm walking along the dark alleyway behind my apartment now, on the way to the minimart. I don't have anything on me besides my mask and phone, which I obviously have to carry with me. I've even avoided wearing shoes too because, well, I wanted to really soak it in. Besides, I couldn't run if I wanted or needed to.

As I walked past the parking lot, I caught sight of myself in the convex mirror. There I was in all my glory; completely butt-naked, without a thread. It made me chuckle a little, the sight of my oafish unclad self walking by in this public setting; my comically big tits bouncing along like nothing were wrong. Only the mask to cover my identity, which I kindly doubt will be an issue since I've been a shut-in for so long to begin with, barely anyone noticed such an unremarkable girl like me. I usually wear baggy clothes on the rare times I do step out, so I hope no one will recognize my chubby body that I hate so much.

I feel so vulnerable... Cold and alone, like my life. But this time in a good, comforting way. I guess part of me doing this is to gain some gratification for my body; the look on people's faces when they hide their lust for my flesh... Gazes suddenly become very different when you're ass-naked.

2:23 AM: I'm standing here at the traffic light, just before the pathway to the minimart. To be honest, I'm not sure what I'm waiting for. There's no cars around, yet. It's just a force of habit, I guess. I know I'm losing time and increasing the chance I'll be seen by just standing here, but part of me wants to be seen. I'm not sure what I intend to accomplish now. If I'm this scared, why am I even headed to the minimart at all? I steel myself to walk on ahead. No point being a coward now. I hear a car pass by behind me as I reach the other side; I'm not sure if they saw me..

2:32 AM: It's quite a long walk that I deliberately took, to increase the thrill factor. So far, the only people I've spotted are a couple seated on a bench way ahead at the playground just around the corner. They're so far ahead that I don't feel I have to worry about them. In any case, they're probably getting busy themselves; doubt they'll notice a naked girl in the distance.

Before long, I'm at the entrance to the minimart. The white light greets my naked body with a strange warmth, as though it embraces my skin in the cool weather. I check and see if there's anyone inside along the aisles, just in case there's anyone looking too dangerous. I just want to have fun being naked! I'd hate to be molested by a drunk hobo or harassed by a gangbanger, even though I'm kinda asking for it with my outfit - or lack thereof.

2:34 AM: After about two minutes of hanging about outside preparing mentally, I ascertain there's no one inside the mart except the cashier lady. She's a blonde migrant European woman in her 40's who is usually quite surly to me as is; I can't wait to see her reaction to a naked woman walking around her minimart. Enough faffing about, it's time to get this show started. I hold my breath as I present myself before the sliding doors as they slide open to greet me.

As I walk upon the cold laminate floor on bare feet, I feel like a naked ambassador as the a/c blows gently warm air on my nude skin. My nipples experience a slight tingle as they do. The entrance buzzer sounds, but the surly cashier lady is nowhere to be seen at the counter, which for a second seems like I'm entering a twilight zone. Is this all a dream after all? God, I'd hate for it to be.

I don't have to wait too long to know it was as real as it got, though; the cashier lady just popped out from the break room. It smells like she was smoking something, and I can detect the faint chinese-herby odour of ganja. It's quite obvious she'd been getting baked in the backroom. As she steps out she seems rather surprised at first, but she doesn't exclaim anything or yell at me. Her bloodshot eyes are trying to focus on me trying to make sense of the scene before her. Her eyes do not leave me as I slowly make my way ever forward.

What a cut of luck - the cashier is too high to even give a damn. She was keeping a close eye on me, though. And quite an evil eye at that. I try not to pay her too much heed and walk about the front section pretending to look at the candy.

"No shoplift!", the lady shouted at me in her whatever-it-was accent. I returned to her a look of utter disbelief. Where the hell was I supposed to hide anything? But I didn't want to argue with a high, unpredictable woman, lest she reports my ass to the police. Though I kindly doubt it since she would be in far deeper shit than me for smoking weed at work. So we have a sort of agreement.

2:35 AM: In what seems like the longest minute of my life, I decided to bring this up a notch and actually attempt to buy something. One, to placate the baked cashier lady and Two, to add a challenge for my "mission". So I grab a tube of lubricant from the condom rack and proceed to inch closer to the counter; the entire time the lady is giving me a glare so intense I almost feel violated by it.

Then, as my luck would have it, the sliding doors open just as I'm standing there butt-naked for all the world to see at the counter - and a man steps in. He sees me and stumbles in his steps, trying to make sense of me being nude before him.

Oh god, I feel like dying right there.

"Are you alright?", he asks. I'm too embarrassed to answer and just look away, hoping to god my mask is large enough to hide my identity if I need to make a run for it. What can I say in that situation? I'm obviously a pervert here, I definitely am not a victim.

All the thoughts of him calling the police on me and being arrested totally naked, spending the night at the jailhouse nude on the cold concrete cell floors flash before my brain in an instant. And yet, I couldn't help but be completely aroused at being so exposed and vulnerable at the mercy of these two people. Before I can break down and fall to my knees, all of a sudden -

"You Sir, what do you want?", the cashier blurts at him. He turns to her, still utterly confused, as I am too.

"You come here, you want something? Yes sir?", she asks him again.

"Uh... Salem menthol, please.", the man requests.

I can only stand behind the red tape looking at the two of them in total confusion. The man is as confused as me if not more so, but the lady seems completely unbothered. Whether she was aware or not, she had just saved my bare ass. As he picks up his pack of cigarettes and leaves as fast as he can, I make my way to the cashier.

Out of nowhere, the cashier lady starts laughing. "Bahaha... That was funny! You like? Sir sees you naked girl like car going to crash into him!". I can't help but chuckle a bit as she gestures to pass her the lubricant for scanning. "It's Ok, girl, I was young too, I done before what you are doing now.", she tells me.

I can't believe my lucky stars that on this night when I should by all rights be done in by now, the surly cashier lady I know has rescued me from certain ruin.

"You have payment, yes? Ahahahaha.", she quips. I chuckle a bit more as I hold up my phone to the scanner. "Good, if you have no payment I have to call police. But I cannot call them cos' I have weed!", she laughs.

I start to relax a great bit, my hands no longer trying to cover my body sheepishly the more we talk. For a moment, I forget that I am completely nude and I engage her in pleasant conversation. She asks me what the lubricant is for and if I'm planning to have sex later on in my walk, to which I tell her I'm not sure about.

She also told me that she's seen a lot weirder shit on her shifts than a naked girl, so she wasn't that surprised when I came in. She apologized for staring at me earlier, explaining that she thought she was seeing things cos' of the weed, and that she thought I had a very sexy and voluptuous body.

I was taken aback that someone would find me sexy at all, much less this lady of all people. I do admit I was very, very turned on by that compliment. Especially being in my naked state. I felt like a Renaissance work of art, being admired like a nude goddess. I could feel my pussy getting wetter by the minute and couldn't help smiling widely behind my mask.

She wasn't upset at me since she used to do the same sort of thing when she was younger - albeit she said she wasn't as daring as I am - and understood the thrill and excitement of being naked in public.

Never would I have expected to find a kindred spirit in the foreign cashier woman who never said a word to me before, when I came (clothed) to buy my red bulls.

She tells me to be safe and that I was smart for doing this during the lockdown period, with little to no one around. Before I leave, she gives me a light tickle on my left nipple while chuckling, before wishing me luck and returning to the backroom.

I could almost get used to this.

3:03 AM: I step out onto the street as I hold the lubricant in my hand, thinking what I could get up to with it...


The Mask That Angie Wears Pt. 03

Angie walks into a precarious situation.

3:03 A.M.: After that amusing conversation with the stoned cashier lady, I step out onto the street once again. She was concerned at first about how I was going to pay for that tube of lubricant, since I left home butt-ass naked save for my mask and phone; obviously, I had no wallet or pockets either. She was relieved when I said I have NFC on my phone, after which we shared another laugh and I left. Sweet lady.

I am warmed by the fleeting sanctuary of the lights from the minimart; its soft glow embracing my exposed body as I stand there like an idiot lost in my thoughts. Suddenly, I remembered the couple I saw on the bench earlier before entering the minimart. I wonder if they're still there? I make my way to the playground. It's only a short walk away, after all.

3:05 A.M.: Soon after, I reach the main entrance of the park. I'm looking ahead for the couple on the bench I saw previously, but they're nowhere to be found. All I can see is the dark undulating paths of the park, lit only by the lamps' soft glow. And all I hear is the gentle rustling of leaves as my bare feet kick them up as I walk. The chirping of crickets is soothing, somehow.

I've always found this park creepy, to be honest, but it's a hotspot for couples to get busy after some hanky panky. My assumption is that the couple earlier either have finished and went off, or are still in the park somewhere to get down to real business. The thought of people having brazen sex in public places like these turns me on so much... I can feel my pussy juices running down my thighs as I walk. I know that deep down... I want to be the one fucked.

I'm not specifically after that particular couple, and if I do find any people having sex, I plan on watching them for a bit, to make myself known just to see their reaction. Let's see how my luck goes.

3:23A.M.: This park is as sizeable as I recall. Man, I'm exhausted from walking; no doubt the stress of doing it in the nude at risk of being caught is especially taxing. Fortunately, the cover of the trees along the trails and layout of the pavilions lends helps. I almost forget I'm completely butt-naked at times as I tread gently on the asphalt.

The trails can sometimes get so dark that you can't even see your hand in front of your face, I need to rely on the lights in the distance to guide me. Some parts of the park are so dark, I have nothing but the moonlight to show me the way, and the contacts I wore aren't too helpful.

At first, I never understood why ancient peoples got naked under the moon. After seeing the moonlight on my bare skin, though, I can safely say that I was falling in love with it. It felt more... special, somehow. Like a spotlight from a lustful celestial body gazing in approval. Am I weird?

I can't afford to get complacent, though. If the worst happens, being raped is the least of my worries.

3:36 A.M.: As it would eventually turn out, I spot a jogger as he appears under the streetlamp. He's a good thirty or so metres away and I'm still in the dark part of the trail, so he's none the wiser that I'm here. I figure it'll be quite fun to surprise him as a naked woman who appears out of nowhere, so I halt right before the shadow line to time my appearance with his pace, and cloak myself in darkness. As he gets within a few metres or so, I begin to walk out into the dim light. I can see that he has slowed down a bit in noticing me, but he doesn't seem to fully register yet that I am naked.

It's only when I close in directly under the light does he see me; he's stopped in his tracks jogging on the spot, looking at me while catching his breath. I walk forward casually as though nothing were out of the ordinary, when he says to me, "Very nice!"

"Thank you!", I reply, to which he asks "Not in any sort of trouble are ya?" I reassure him that I'm fine and that this was just for fun, after which he smiled and politely went on his way.

"Be careful, then!", I hear him shout as he jogs off into the dark trail I came from. You can tell he knew I was having fun and was just looking out for me.

Some people are really sweet, I find.They make the pain of the insults and laughs I get on a daily basis less near. Other people feel vulnerable when naked; I get empowered. This night has gotten stranger as it went on. First, the cashier and now that nice jogger guy; seems people are way more positively receptive to a naked woman than I thought.

I totally expected to be given very dirty looks at least, or worse - be molested at this point. All these thoughts of molest in my head, oh my... They say that you suppress what you're obsessed with. Could it be that I want to be groped like this? I gotta be honest and say that if that jogger dad felt me up, I don't think I could stop his hands... I need to masturbate.

4:02 A.M.: I must be at least a few kilometres from home at this point. I'm rather grateful to this mask as it has and is still giving me a sense of security. They DID say we should be wearing masks; nothing said about clothing, right?

It's quite amazing what one can do when their identity is hidden. The mask isn't really the best of choices, I'll admit; it's a black cotton one with an LV pattern on it. I figured it would make good satire to the people that see me. I'm wondering if the cashier lady or jogger noticed the mask,or if they were too busy staring at my body.

I don't have any identifiable tattoos as I haven't had a job since graduation, so I couldn't afford a tat even if I wanted one. I've also tied my hair up so that no one will recognize me too easily. Besides all that, I've worn contacts instead of glasses, which in addition to altering my appearance, change my eye colour from green to brown.

4:12 A.M.: It's been about half an hour since that jogger appeared and honestly I'm kind of frustrated that I haven't encountered anyone else. I guess it is to be expected, given the lockdown situation. But I was kinda hoping that in spite of it some people at least will be up and about, looking to get some fresh air in the night when no one was around. My instinct kept telling me this isn't the best idea to be wandering around naked in a park in the wee hours, yet the pervert in me is wishing for someone to come along and ogle, or do worse. I really need to masturbate now.

4:23 A.M.: After I'm out of the trail, I see a bench in the distance in a dark spot and decide to head over to rest my legs for a while and get down to business. It may not be the best idea sitting down on my wet pussy on bare public seats, but my legs were so tired from not using them before that I didn't care. Not that there was anyone around, anyway. Pft.

Added to that, I haven't had a cigarette since I stepped out and now I'm feeling a strong urge to have a drag. I find myself sitting here in regret for not bringing out at least a few sticks along, even though I'd have no sanitary way to carry them.

Suddenly, my anxious thoughts bring me to all kinds of scenarios when I don't have a drag, and soon I drift into the danger of what I'm doing. They could report my naked ass and I'd be in trouble. I guess the irony would be that if I do get caught and arrested, bringing along something up my pussy would have been a good introduction to prison life.

4:40 A.M.: I almost got too distracted by the time on my fitbit to notice there was someone approaching. It's a different man who doesn't look like he's jogging, and I'm not too sure if he's seen me. To top it off he looks super shady in that hoodie with his hands in his pockets. He has stopped about a hundred or so metres from where I am and is on his phone.

Oh god... I need to escape but the problem is that the path is still a long ways in either direction, and there's no way he wouldn't see me running off, not that my fat ass can run fast enough to begin with. Why did he have to stop there of all places? Is he waiting for someone?

My heart starts racing as I decide whether to run or remain where I was, hoping he wouldn't see me. Then again, I knew my pasty clammy skin wasn't much help to blend into the dark. My sweaty skin wasn't doing me any favours either as I'm sure it made me glisten that much more in catching the distant lights.

To make matters even worse, another guy has appeared and is walking up now looking just as shady; they've seemed to acknowledge each other but aren't greeting the way friends do...

Oh dear god... Have I walked into a drug deal?

*****

4:47 A.M.: I'm in a spot of trouble now. I knew I was asking for it, but heading out and doing this naked stunt was definitely a bad idea. I'm updating my entry now on the off-chance someone finds this phone somewhere in case something happens to me. I've never been so fearful in my life. I've tried to call someone to help but no one has picked up yet. I was thinking of calling the police too but there'll be some explaining to do given my predicament. Very evidently, the "naked pervert girl hiding behind the bench" versus the "two guys having a conversation" will be in much bigger trouble.

Honestly, I find myself at a crossroads between getting home safe and my sick perversions of being caught and raped, but these guys look dangerous and I may not walk out of it with my life. I knew it, I'm just a super sick exhibitionist, the fact I'm wetter than ever at the thought of being violated.

"Call the cops already!", I tell myself.

I'm still at the same bench hiding in the dark crouching behind it. The two guys haven't seen me yet, but there's no way I can escape without them noticing. Why is this deal taking so long? What are they here for? They've been talking about something for the last few minutes - what seemed like an eternity for me - and gesticulating quite fiercely as though nearing the point of argument. The other guy that just came up has been smoking nonstop while the one in the hoodie is running his mouth about something.

Before long, I find myself staring at the speed dial ready to call the police if anything happens when suddenly, the two shady guys walk off each in different directions. Phew! I've never been so relieved in my life and at the same time in danger; the compulsion to masturbate has become a physical need at this point as my sweaty body demands it. For the third time this night, my fingers reach down between my thick pussy lips.

9:21 A.M.: I'm headed back to the park this morning - clothed, this time - to the same spot. Probably not a good idea, to be honest, after what happened.

My last entry got cut off as I couldn't blog in real time when, as it turned out, I got caught by the shady hoodie guy as he walked by the bench. He must've heard my moans or the rustling of leaves as I squatted there fingering myself lost in pleasure and totally gave myself away. I must say I was extremely lucky I'm even around now to pen this down; he could've taken out a knife or something to me and things would've gone really ugly.

Surprisingly, he didn't seem too interested in doing anything to me at all. I saw in his face the same fear as I had of being caught doing something we shouldn't have. Me being naked there in front of him while he was obviously up to shady deals with his associate or whoever that guy was.

In that moment, he looked me up and down clearly confused as to why I wasn't wearing anything. All he did was tear off my tacky mask, after which he took a good look into my eyes saying, "If anything happens, You never saw us here, understood? I know your face", he threatened.

That's when I knew he had no intention of doing anything harmful to me specifically, but we had a moment of understanding that he would do everything in his power to make my life problematic if I said anything to anyone about him.

Was he an undercover agent in some sting operation I happened to walk in on? I'm not sure, nor do I want to know.

As I approach the bench, there it was: the mask I wore as my only article of clothing, sliced clean in half by some kind of tool.




