                                   Cheerleaders
                                  By Lust 4 Life

Sometime in the (hopefully not too distant) future, the NFL has introduced pornographic 
after game celebrations with the cheerleaders rewarding their (winning) team sexually on 
world-wide television. Recently, the NFL has added a new twist, no celebrations after 
playoff games, but the Super Bowl winners get the cheerleaders of the loosing team 
without birth control. F+/M+/preg.

The Game

There were 5 minutes left in the fourth quarter of the Super Bowl. Her team was down by 
5 but had possession. A touch down would turn it around. The ball was snapped, the 
quarterback dropped back and passed. Intercepted! And the other team ran the ball all the 
way back for a touchdown. Shit! Well, that pretty well wraps that game up Elaine 
thought, Down 11 points with 3 minutes left on the clock. I sure gotta hand it to the 
NFL. In the old days this would be the end of it, people would be filing for the exits, the 
season over. But the biggest money making part was still ahead. Pay Per View for the 
next part of the games was double what is was for the basic game, and the advertising 
rates for the next portion were just out of sight.

Her pussy gave a twinge of anticipation as she waited for the clock to run-out. She had 
been cheering her team on all year and during the regular season she had gotten to help 
her team celebrate whenever they won. And of course the NFL had broadcast those 
celebrations on Pay Per View. But that had been fun and games, this would be a lot more 
serious partying. And it would be with the other team! Their ultimate reward for winning 
the super-bowl. And of course the NFL had been playing up the after game celebration 
for weeks. They had done interviews with all of the cheerleaders, tantalizing the fans with 
snippets from all of the potential ladies for the final celebration. And of course as teams 
had been eliminated throughout the playoffs their cheerleaders were dropped so that 
during the past couple of weeks the advertising spots had featured clips from the 
interviews with the cheerleaders from the two super-bowl teams.

The conservative right had gone bat shit several years ago when the NFL introduced the 
televised after game celebrations but when the NFL took it to a whole new level last year 
they had apoplexy. Fortunately their influence was so diminished that they were not a 
serious threat. And it seemed the rest of the country was really into live porn and had 
eaten it up.

Elaine knew that as soon as the game was officially over, the NFL correspondents would 
fit in one final, brief interview to get their reactions now that their role was certain. They 
wouldnt have long, the eager winners would also be doing some interviews, reveling in 
the glory of winning and anticipation of their rewards, and getting out of their equipment 
before heading to the Celebration Room.

She was pulled from her reverie by the final whistle signaling the end of the game and the 
eruption in the stands as the winning team piled on each other, the new world champions.
Along with the other cheerleaders, she headed down to the cheerleaders lockers for their 
interview. They of course would not be changing. The cameras were setup and the 
interviewer ready as they filed in and sat down. So you girls are it for this year. The 
uncertainty is over. How does it feel to be going to help the other team celebrate this time 
instead of your own boys? And with what is on the line this time?

One of the girls answered that it was a real bummer. Their boys had played hard all 
season and it was really a shame that they werent the ones who were going to get the 
ultimate reward. Yes, but what about yourselves? In the past our world wide audience 
has seen you rewarding your own team, but that was just fun. Now they are going to see 
you humiliated, rewarding the opposing team and possibly getting pregnant. How do you 
feel about the world watching you taking on the whole team, unprotected? And what 
about the new pussy cam? Everyone is going to see the most intimate details of your 
humiliation.

Elaine thought back to when she had started. It had taken some getting used to, fucking 
her team after the game whenever they won, rewarding them on live television. But that 
had been fun and games. They were all on birth control so there were no lasting effects. 
And of course they were HER team and she liked them, so the reward per se was fun  
it had just been the fact that it was televised that had taken some getting used to. But last 
year the NFL had introduced a new twist. At the end of the regular season, all birth 
control was banned (and the cheerleaders were carefully tested to avoid cheating). There 
were no celebrations after the play-off games, but the cheerleaders of the loosing super-
bowl team provided the reward celebration for the winning team, unprotected. And this 
year, the NFL had introduced miniature wireless cameras no bigger than a paint chip, 
attached near the cervix in the women to capture the most intimate moment of 
insemination.

One of the women answered that she had never really thought she would be one of the 
loosing cheerleaders and she wished she could get out of it. Another echoed her thoughts, 
Its bad enough to have to fuck the other team, but unprotected and on television? Thats 
just too much to bear. And what if we get pregnant? We wont even know who the father 
is. Another girl chimed in, Yeah, if we get pregnant well be walking around for 
months all swollen up advertising how we lost to them.

And then time was up and they were headed to the Celebration Room. Elaine had 
watched last years interviews and could just imagine the interview comments in the 
winning teams mens locker room. Besides enthusiasm at winning, there were bound to 
be a lot of crude comments, Yeah, gonna get me some of that xxx team pussy! Gonna 
knock me up some o them bitches on national TV so EVERYONE remembers who the 
winners were, and who the losers were! There were probably some interviews with the 
winning team cheerleaders too. She knew that if her team had been the winners she 
would have been exultant and gloating about the fate of the other cheerleaders, Yeah, 
looks like theyre gonna get it good. My boys are horny and looking forward to a real 
mans celebration. Those girls are gonna go home sore tonight. Im sure glad its them 
and not me. Elaine knew that she was one of the hotter cheerleaders so people would be 
anxious to see her getting it, and there was probably a significant current of jealousy for 
someone with her good looks, getting paid pretty good money to be a cheerleader  there 
would be a lot of people rooting for her to get knocked up and see that hot body swelling 
in motherhood.

Warm Up

The girls arrived in the celebration room shortly before the men. Elaine had never been in 
this celebration room and it was more decked out for the Super Bowl celebration than any 
she had seen before. Of course lots of pads on the floor, beds, armless chairs, as well as 
erotic pictures on the walls, and she could see a large number of cameras mounted at 
various points around the walls and ceiling as well as a couple of live cameramen to 
move in and get shots from the floor as the action was unfolding. Yes, the worlds 
craving for explicit video porn should be well satisfied this afternoon, Elaine thought. 
The NFL had also created its own internal controversy to help market the live video: All 
natural sounds or voice over commentary? Of course the voice over commentary would 
be on a separate audio channel so viewers could turn it on or off at will while keeping the 
natural sounds of the celebration. It certainly added something, Elaine wasnt sure if it 
was further humiliation or excitement, to know that there would likely be a running 
commentary on her activities, Oh look, it looks like George is getting ready to let go in 
Elaine. Lets bring up the pussy cam,  Yes! There it is, look at him spurt! She is really 
getting creamed here. If that doesnt knock her up I dont know what will. That was a 
really good one, lets go back and see the instant replay. Of course she wouldnt be able 
to hear the commentary but she knew it would be there.

Then the door burst open and the new Super Bowl Champions came pouring in, buck 
naked. Yee-how! Fresh pussy! Gonna do some serious fucking today! Bareback 
& unprotected! I love it! Gonna knock some them bitches up good! Swelling belly 
time! You ladies ready for some serious, for real fucking? We gonna show you how 
REAL men fuck! Elaine looked at them, their hard naked bodies, the masculine victors 
come to claim their reward. She saw the eager, lustful looks in their faces as they looked 
over the women, their thick cocks already slightly engorged in anticipation and she saw 
the testicles hanging between their legs, full of hot male sperm that they would soon be 
emptying into their fertile bellies for all the world to see. Just fun, an extra bit of fun and 
excitement for the men, possibly a life time of raising a bastard child of unknown father 
(genetic tests and records for the players were strictly forbidden) for her and the other 
women. To make matters worse, living together for the season the girls periods had 
pretty much synched up and the game had been scheduled at the middle of their cycles, 
the height of fertility. So all of the women were ripe and ready and the men knew it, and 
the world knew it. This was serious, for real, male/female mating.

The men settled down a bit and one of them said, How bout you all show our television 
audience what were gonna be enjoying? Lets see a little stripping action here. 
Someone turned on some music and one of the men yelled, Yeah, lets get going here. I 
want to see some tits and pussy! The girls began swaying their hips somewhat half-
heartedly. Come on! You knew the rules when you signed up. Lets see some energy 
there, some enthusiasm. You gotta show the audience you WANT to reward us, you 
WANT to turn us on and get fucked by real champions. Show us how much you want it 
ladies!

Elaine started to thrust out her chest and wiggle her boobs and then grind her hips and 
thrust them in a lewd fucking motion. She really didnt have any choice the way her 
contract was written, she had taken a gamble and lost, and now she had to pay the price, 
but it was likely to be a steep one. The other girls were getting more into it now as well, 
strutting their stuff. Elaine ran her hands over her body, lifting her boobs a bit, sliding 
one hand down over her short skirt into her crotch and then lifting her leg giving the 
players (and the audience) a good view of her barely covered pussy. Of course the 
audience had seen her naked before, during the regular season team celebrations. There 
were even playing cards for the cheerleaders, showing them both in uniform and naked. 
But the other times, with her own team, the girls had run to the players, hugging, kissing 
them and then rapidly moving on to fondling, groping, and slipping out of their clothes 
and enjoying each other in celebration of the victory. This was different, not only the 
pregnancy risk, but the fact that the girls had to put on a show for the victorious, gloating 
winners.

The guys were yelling, Show us your tits! Take it off! Elaine reached behind her, 
undoing the clasp on her halter top, and letting go, her breasts sprang free while the halter 
dropped to the floor. It felt good to have her breasts free. She bent over and wiggled her 
scantily clad ass at the men which brought hoots of appreciation. Turning around she 
shook her now loose breasts at the men and squeezed them with her hands. Next she ran 
her hand down, this time inside her skirt and lifted her skirt with the other hand so the 
men could clearly see her finger inside her panties, running along her pussy. Moving on, 
Elaine undid the fasteners on the side of her dress and let it fall to the floor, leaving her 
standing in just her panties. As she looked around, most of the other women were in 
about the same state. After a bit more wiggling, dancing, and lewd motions it was time to 
loose the last of her clothing, leaving her naked and ready to be ravished by the room full 
of horny men. She teased them a bit, lowered her panties enough to show part of her 
bush, then up, turning around, lowering then showing more of her bare ass, then back up 
again, until finally she pushed them all the way down over her hips and let them drop to 
the floor so she was naked in a room full of naked men, her neatly trimmed bush visible 
for all. The air on her skin, the feeling of unconstrained nudity made her body quiver.

She could imagine some of the voice over commentary, Yes, things are really heating up 
here now. The women are finally getting completed naked and I doubt the men will hold 
back much longer before pairing up, selecting their first women. We can see the men 
getting hard watching this luscious display as the women bare their bodies for them. 
What will the first pairings be? They might cut to interview clips at this point in which 
some of the men expressed desires for certain of the cheerleaders.

Elaine continued to run her hands over her own body, slipping a finger along her slit as 
the last of the girls finished shedding their clothes until all of the girls were naked. A 
room full of naked men and women, there for one purpose  to fuck!

First Loads

I think its time! I want some of that now one of the men yelled. And with that, the men 
began selecting their first partners. You, come over here, youre mine a large black 
man said pointing at Elaine. I want some of that prime pussy you got there between your 
legs. Gonna give you a good fuck, squirt you full of my juice, and plant a baby in your 
belly tonight! He had a large cock, already more than half erect, and a sack with 2 large 
testicles hanging down. He beckoned her over and as she approached him he grabbed her, 
crushing her to him as he kissed, exploring her mouth with his tongue. His strong arms 
encircled her, holding her to him, mashing her breasts against his hard chest while he 
ground their naked genitals together, his cock pressed against her pussy while his hands 
roamed over her back. His size and power overwhelmed her, his masculine scent filled 
her nostrils. He wasnt going to just fuck her, he was going to possess her. After a few 
minutes he broke the clinch and said, Come on suck on this, worship this big ole baby 
maker.

The man laid down on the mats and Elaine joined him, his partial erection standing up in 
the air. She reached out and touched it, feeling it pulse with life, energy, anticipation. She 
squeezed and felt it pulse back, growing as she held it. The dark, purplish head stared up 
at her. Reaching down with her other hand she cupped his testicles, two large egg shaped 
lumps hanging in his scrotum: The source of his manhood, the source of his life giving 
power. The source of the sperm he would soon be pumping through that large cock and 
deep into her pussy. She could feel herself getting wet in anticipation of the feel of him 
inside her, thrusting, pulsing, squirting.

She lowered her head and licked the underside of his cock, up the long tube on the 
underside until her tongue slid over the top, lightly poking at the hole on the end, the 
channel from his body to hers. Now she lowered her mouth over it, wrapping her lips 
around the thick shaft. The man moaned in pleasure and she looked up, his cock in her 
mouth and saw him looking back at her, watching her ministrations. Oh yeah, that feels 
good. Here skootch your butt around over here so I can play with that pretty pussy of 
yours. You like that big cock? I think my cock and your pussy are gonna have a lot of fun 
together!

She continued bobbing her head up and down on his cock while running her fingers over 
his balls. At the same time she could feel his fingers running along her slit, then 
spreading her lips, sliding into her vagina, then out to her clit and back. This was making 
her wet, causing her to moan and squirm on his fingers. Looking up she saw Sarah 
already riding a hard cock, humping her ass up and down on it. Another man was just 
rubbing the head of his cock up and down Dianes slit, getting ready to take her from 
behind, doggy style. As Elaine watched the man positioned the head of his penis against 
Dianes slit and pressed forward sinking in part way, pulling out and pushing in again 
almost completely, groaning in pleasure.

She could imagine the commentary, the discussion earlier about who the first pairings 
would be, and now that the first pairings were decided, which of the men would be the 
first to wet their dicks in pussy, who the first women would be to get it. And of course, 
who would be shooting and receiving the first loads. She could just imagine, Yes, it 
looks like George and Sarah are going to be the first to join, shes moving up and 
straddling him. Shes rubbing her pussy along his hard and ready cock. Yes! Hes entered 
her! Shes sliding down on that rod. Oh thats got to feel exquisite! Elaine knew there 
was both a male and female commentator, the female trying to represent the womens 
feelings and perspectives in this event. Elaine couldnt see who else was doing what from 
her position, sucking on her mans cock. But based on what she could see she imagined 
the female commentator discussing Dianes situation. And it looks like Diane is going to 
be the next to get stuffed with a hard cock. Its got to be hard for these girls, going 
bareback with no birth control on world wide television. Most of them knew there was a 
chance it would be them when they signed up, but they also probably never imagined it 
would really come down to it for them. Im sure they all thought the money would be 
nice but some other poor girl was going to end up in this position and now here they are. 
Look, Jesse is getting ready, lining himself up and yes! Hes sinking into Diana, Soon 
shes gonna be feeling his spunk shooting into her. Of course, hard as it may be for these 
girls on world wide TV, how many of you women out there would love to have one of 
the Super Bowl Champions putting it to you? How many would be willing to let one 
them knock you up with a champions baby? I can certainly imagine a lot harder things in 
life!

Her man (what was his name, Arnold?) wanted more, Alright thats enough. My cock 
wants to feel that sweet little pussy hole you got there between your legs. Its time for us 
to get down to some serious fucking. By this time his cock was absolutely hard, sticking 
straight up, ready to fuck, a good 8, maybe 9 and thick enough she could barely get it 
in her mouth. Her pussy was also dripping from his finger work, her juice covering her 
pussy lips. She laid back, spreading her legs wide, lewdly open and ready for mating, to 
accept a males hard cock inside to inseminate her in the ancient act of procreation. 
Arnold was now on his knees between her legs, his big black cock straining out from his 
body, eager for her pussy, his full balls snug in their sack between his legs. Elaine looked 
at his cock, at the slit at the end from which his sperm would soon be shooting, deep 
inside her belly. She looked up and he was grinning, Oh yeah! That looks SO nice, that 
sweet pussy spread wide open, ready for me. Arnold brought the head to her pussy lips 
and rubbed it along her slit, spreading her lips apart, lubricating himself with her juices. 
The feeling of his penis rubbing her slit made her squirm. Arnold positioned it and started 
to press forward, entering her. She could feel her pussy stretching wide around the thick 
cock as it pushed further and further up into her. He had to stop several times, pull out 
part way, and then resume, until finally he was all the way inside her, his cock head just 
touching her cervix, his balls against her ass and their pubic bones crushed together. Ah, 
damn! That feels so fine. For the first time in her life, Elaine had a naked cock in her 
unprotected pussy: No barriers, no birth control. Her fertile womb ready to receive the 
live seed from this penis, her body ready to pleasure and massage this penis until it 
emptied his testicles in her womb. And she knew the commentators were probably 
discussing exactly this for the world wide audience.

And it looks like Elaine and Arnold are going to be the next pair to join up. Shes been 
sucking on his big cock and it is really hard, jutting out there and ready. It looks like he 
cant take any more and is telling her to get ready. Yes, Elaine is laying back, spreading 
her legs for him. And here he comes. Oh you can see how wet he has gotten her as he 
rubs his head along her slit. He has positioned himself and there he goes, pushing into her 
now! Look how he is working to get that into her. He is really stretching her out with that 
thick cock. Lets switch to the pussy cam and watch from the inside as he pushes in. Yes! 
Here it comes. Look at that big head sliding up inside here. It looks like he reaches all the 
way up right to her cervix  hell be shooting right on her cervix when he cums. And 
from the outside we can see Arnold is now fully embedded in Elaine, ready to give her a 
good ride.

Now Arnold began thrusting into her, fucking her, mating her. She looked down between 
their bodies to watch his black rod disappearing into her white body, his large balls 
hanging in their black sack behind his cock, his cock now glistening with her juices. Soon 
the familiar feelings began mounting in Elaines pussy. She pulled her legs up and back 
to give Arnold even deeper penetration and could feel his penis bumping her cervix, 
sending an extra thrill through her body. Squish, squelch, she could hear the familiar 
sound of a penis sliding in and out of a wet pussy. She could feel his testicles bouncing 
on her ass on every stroke, his testicles, the source of the potent seed he would send 
shooting into her body. Arnold settled down on top of her, mashing her breasts against 
his chest as he continued to drive into her. He grinned down at her, Oh you feel so good! 
Youre gonna make me cum so hard! Then he lowered his mouth, kissing her deeply. 
Her senses were completely filled with this large male lustily mating her. This is it, the 
real thing. No simple fucking for fun. This is serious, baby making sex between a fertile 
woman and a virile man. His penis deep in my vagina with the express purpose of 
depositing his sperm to impregnate me, to fertilize my egg. She could feel her juice 
starting to run down the crack of her ass as Arnolds thrusting cock made her wetter and 
pulled some of the juice out on every stroke.

Next to her she heard a male moan, Oh, Im about to cum. Im gonna cum inside you. 
Looking over she saw the man fucking Diana doggy style. He was holding her hips as he 
thrust furiously into her. As Elaine watched him thrusting he yelled, Get ready, Ah! Uh! 
Im cumming in you! His head flew back and she saw him thrust hard against Dianas 
upraised ass and knew that inside her his penis was pulsing, shooting streams of his cum 
deep into her unprotected pussy. A world wide audience was watching Diana being 
inseminated, probably seeing her pussy cam showing the sperm shooting into her from 
the mans cock. But her attention was brought back to the feelings of the cock in her own 
pussy, thrusting, fucking her, speeding them both toward orgasm and the transfer of 
sperm from Arnolds balls into her womb.

As the feeling built in her groin Elaine cried out, Oh, yes! Oh, harder, fuck me. Fuck me 
with that big cock! Arnold grunted his pleasure, at the feeling building in his cock and at 
the lewd words from Elaine which turned him on. Oh yeah. Feel that cock in you. 
Nothing between us, bare cock in naked pussy, just the way it should be. You want my 
cum? You want me to cum in you, coat your insides with my seed? Plant a baby in you? 
Arnold reached down and grabbed her butt, pulling her tighter on his cock as he 
continued to plow into her. Elaine was past caring at this point, Oh yes! Do it! Shoot 
your hot load inside me! Make me cum.

The sensations were growing in Elaines body, her whole body tensing, focused on the 
feelings of the hard cock thrusting into her vagina, into the center of her womanhood. Her 
pussy lovingly squeezed the cock one last time and started spasming in orgasm. Elaine 
cried, Oh, Im cumming! Im cumming on your cock! Fuck me! Ah-h-h! as her body 
thrashed in orgasm. Arnold let go of her butt and continued pounding as she slowly 
settled to a high plateau of pleasure.

Soon she could tell that Arnold was nearing his own orgasm, that his body was preparing 
to ejaculate into hers. She could feel his body tensing as he wrapped his arms around her 
locking her to him and she could feel his cock swelling even larger inside her. Oh yes, I 
can feel you growing, getting bigger. Youre about to cum arent you? She noticed the 
two roving cameramen were now focused on them. One was watching their faces to catch 
their expressions as Arnold filled her, while the other was getting a close-up of their 
genitals where they would actually be able to see Arnold pulsing as he inseminated 
Elaine. Oh yeah! I can feel it building up. Oh youre gonna make me cum so good. Get 
ready for a baby! His body was rocking hers with his thrusts, sweat covered both of 
them as their bodies pounded together, meshed and slid and prepared for the sharing.

Suddenly she felt a large pulse in Arnolds penis and a pressure against her cervix and 
knew he was cumming in her. Ah-h-h! cried Arnold as he pressed hard against her, 
pushing his cock as deeply into her as he could. She could feel his cock pulsing steadily 
inside her while his whole body trembled with release and his cock poured burst after 
burst of his sperm into her unprotected pussy. Im cumming in you! Arnold cried. She 
could feel the flooding warmth and wetness inside her as his semen filled her vagina. 
This sent Elaine over the edge a second time, she could feel her pussy convulsing, 
milking Arnolds cock and she knew her cervix was spasming, sucking up his sperm into 
her womb.

Finally they began to relax, laying together, his cock still deep in her pussy, slowly 
deflating as they enjoyed the twinges and contractions that slowly trailed off. Finally his 
limp penis plopped out of her vagina and he rolled over on his back with a long contented 
groan. Clean it up, lick it clean so its ready for the next girl Arnold commanded. 
Elaine slowly moved over and looked at his soft penis, slimy with a combination of their 
juices. Leaning down she started licking it, pulling it into her mouth sucking on it until he 
was clean, until she could no longer taste either her own juices or his semen. And my 
balls Arnold ordered. She licked these too, thinking how sperm from these was now 
inside her, looking for her egg, how her pussy had just milked him for his seed.

Second Round

Once Arnold was satisfied with her cleaning and had left, Elaine thought briefly about 
Yin and Yang, how the yielding feminine accommodation of a soft pussy tamed the hard 
driving power of a hard, masculine cock. She wondered what sort of view the audience 
had gotten from her pussy cam when Arnold was spurting his seed deep inside her. 
However, her reverie was soon interrupted by another player approaching her, Hey, an 
empty pussy just begging for a hard cock to fill it up. Im here to help babe. This man, 
vaguely Italian or southern European looking was stocky, and stroking his hard penis. He 
made her stand up and turn around, grabbing her from behind, reaching around and 
kneading her breasts while he ground his crotch and rigid penis against her ass.

Yeah baby, I know you want this, you need this. A real mans cock fucking that sweet 
little pussy. He told her he wanted her from behind, doggy style, so she got on her hands 
and knees and he positioned himself behind her. Lining his cock up he slid home in her 
well lubricated pussy in one stroke. Ah! Nothing like a bare pussy, skin to skin. Damn 
that feels fine! He started moving in her, thrusting from behind, driving his crotch 
against her ass as he buried his cock deep inside her. A few months from now you ladies 
will all be swelling up nice, showing the world what real men can do. Ah-h. He leaned 
over, grabbing her breasts as he continued to fuck her, pinching her nipples. At his 
direction she reached back and ran her fingers over his thrusting balls, urging him on, 
urging him to release his cum inside her. She also fingered her own clit, bringing herself 
closer to yet another orgasm until the combination of his thrusting penis and her own 
fingers sent her over the top again, convulsing and gasping in pleasure.

As her partner continued thrusting into her, another man walked by stroking his partially 
erect penis. Her partner called out to the other man, Hey Steven! Looks like you need 
some help there getting ready for your next woman. This little lady is hot. Oh God I love 
the feel of her pussy wrapped around my cock. Im not using her mouth at the moment, 
have her help you out there. The man kneeled down in front of Elaine and she took his 
cock in her mouth, sucking on him, feeling him getting harder in her mouth while the 
man behind her continued his steady stroking in her pussy.

Oh damn, youre gonna make me cum the man fucking her cried. He was holding her 
hips now as he thrust rapidly into her. Elaine kept her fingers running over his balls as he 
speeded up toward his own orgasm. She felt his cock swelling inside her and knew that 
soon she would have two loads of semen inside her pussy. Get ready! Youre about to 
get creamed with my baby batter. AH-h-h! he cried as she felt he penis start pulsing 
inside her shooting jets of his cum into her body. She could feel the added warmth and 
wetness as his load joined the previous deposit. He thrust hard against her ass as he 
emptied himself into her, pushing her face into the crotch of the man in front of her.

Finally her partner was drained and pulling his cock from her pussy, said to the Steven, 
Shes all yours buddy. Steven was by now fully hard and urged her over onto her back. 
He immediately crawled on top of her, sinking his eager shaft into her well used pussy 
and began fucking.

The party continued for several hours. At one point a man brought one of the other 
cheerleaders, Sharon over to Elaine and said, Hey girl, clean this slut out. She must have 
4 or 5 loads of cum in that pussy and I dont wanna stick my cock in there with all that 
cum from other guys. Get down there are lick her clean before I stick my cock in her. 
Elaine had no choice, so as Sharon laid back with her legs spread, cum running out of her 
pussy, Elaine buried her face in Sharons soggy pussy and started licking. Indeed lots of 
semen, mingled with Elaines own tangy juices oozed out of Sharons well used cunt. 
While Elaine was licking her clean she suddenly felt a penis sliding into her pussy as 
another man took her from behind. The man fucking her did not take long to reach his 
peak and emptied his balls into her before she finished cleaning Sharon. Pulling his cock 
from her he left without Elaine ever even seeing who it was.

Once Sharon was clean, Elaine sat back, her face covered with a combination of Sharons 
pussy juices and sperm from her pussy. Sharons partner wasted little time crawling 
between her legs and ramming his cock home in Sharons pussy. The celebration 
continued until finally the men couldnt get it up any longer and the womens pussies 
were sore from continued use. They each staggered off to their respective locker rooms to 
shower and clean up. Oh God one of the girls groaned as the water cascaded over them, 
That just sucked so bad. It felt really good, but having all those different guys cumming 
in us without protection. And most of us at our most fertile time. This is really going to 
suck if we all end up pregnant. That was so humiliating, having all the world watching us 
get knocked up. I dont even want to think what the commentators were saying during all 
that.

Aftermath

Of course the NFL was heavily marketing the video of the celebration. Customers could 
watch the entire action from just about any camera, including the pussy cams, or view a 
pre-arranged and edited Highlights version. Elaine saw promo clips of herself writhing 
on Arnolds black cock, or impaled from behind while she sucked on Stevens hard cock. 
The girls were all given a copy of the video for posterity.

Eventually Elaine had to watch herself and it was much as she had expected. From the 
external views she could see Arnolds butt clenching as he came in her, the muscle 
between his testicles and anus pulsing with each contraction, forcing his semen up 
through his penis and into her waiting womb. She saw the pleasure wash over his face as 
he released into her. From the inside pussy cam she could see the head advancing and 
retreating, and then the sudden jet of white semen shooting from the slit at the end, 1, 2, 3 
large pulses shooting straight from the end, followed by a continued, pulsing flow. She 
listened to the commentators, Look at that! A huge ejaculation directly onto her cervix. 
Her pussy is just flooded with that load. Between the size and the direct shots onto her 
cervix shes bound to be pregnant from that one if shes got an egg anywhere nearby! 
Arnold must have loved feeling that load shooting through his penis. She watched 
several of the other ejaculations shooting out of her other partners penises. Someone had 
also caught her lifting her head from Sharons pussy, smeared with cum juices. Another 
view, toward the end just after one of her many partners pulled out showed her laying 
back, legs spread wide, with a stream of semen pouring out of her cunt.

Flipping through the views of other couples she saw the looks on the mens faces as they 
came, their eyes rolling back in pleasure, the looks on the womens faces as they felt their 
partners releasing into them. The looks on the womens faces with their first partners, as 
they felt the first load of sperm shooting into their unprotected bodies showed the 
humiliation of knowing they were being watched as they were inseminated on world 
wide TV.

The Las Vegas odds makers were doing a brisk business on speculation regarding who 
would or would not show up pregnant as a result. You could bet on any single girl, or for 
higher odds, pick several. And hospitals reported what came to be known as the NFL 
baby spike from couples who were inspired to celebrate along with the Super Bowl 
Champions.

