The first home runs.

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Losers, Chapter 4 (MF+, 1st, bi, cons, impreg?, inc, interr, voy)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

To summarize: I'm June, and to keep my twin brother Roscoe from getting asked out by a 'barbie', I suggested that he start dating one of the girls in our club, The Losers: Sue, or Sulu, a cute, short Chinese gymnast with a flat chest; Bella, a very tall, pretty redhead; and Larissa, a Native American with huge boobs but an acne problem. Roscoe and I are brown-haired and somewhat average, though my ass and his chest have started to fill out. We're all 18, in case you were wondering.

In trying to convince Roscoe to choose one of them, the three girls, one at a time, took him to first base. Then they rounded second and slid hard into third.

---

Early Sunday morning, Bella slipped away home to change for church. The rest of us ate the usual Sunday morning breakfast in our house: bacon, eggs, and pancakes. Afterward, Sue, Larissa, and I went down to the basement while Roscoe left to hang out with some of his friends.

"Smells weird down here," Sulu said as she wrinkled her nose.

"It smells like pussy," Larissa informed her.

"Shit." I opened a window and went and got some air freshener, as well as some upholstery cleaner, and we spot-cleaned the couch. I hadn't noticed how much of a mess they had actually made in the dim light the previous night.

We discussed what had happened, me feeling a bit left out, but it's not like I could get my brother to do sexy stuff with me. I turned to Sue. "So what does it feel like to have your pussy licked?" Larissa leaned forward, also interested.

Sue smiled. "Oh, it's awesome! Warm and wet, and it's nothing like when you touch yourself, because you don't know what he's gonna do, so it's a little like being tickled...with his tongue...does that make sense?"

Larissa nodded. "Yeah, like when he was fingering me, it's so much better because it's someone else." She sighed.

After a while, my parents went out to the mall in the next town over, but Roscoe still wasn't back. We expected Bella to arrive soon, since church was over, so we waited.

"OWW!"

That muffled cry had come from upstairs. We rushed up and scattered to find the source, but I had an inkling and opened Roscoe's bedroom door. There, laying back on his bed, was a naked Bella, with a likewise naked Roscoe between her legs.

"Don't move don't move..." Bella was urging him, her arms around his chest and her feet planted onto the bed on either side of his hips, her toes splayed.

Larissa and Sue rushed up behind me and gasped at the sight, causing the entwined lovers to turn their heads in surprise.

"Um..." Roscoe ummed, but he stayed still, as Bella had requested.

Sue stared. "Is he INSIDE her?!"

We moved forward to get a better view. Sure enough, a couple inches of my brother's cock had penetrated the formerly virginal young woman's pussy.

Bella looked over at us. "We...ugh...got here at the same time, and since it was my turn...unh...I convinced him to take me to his room."

Sue sat on the bed next to them. "And then to fuck you?"

Larissa sat on the opposite side. "They're not fucking yet."

Roscoe spoke up, "I tried my fingers, and then my tongue, but she said something was missing, so...um, can I move now, Bella?"

She considered. "Yeah...?" Then she gasped as he pushed another inch inside of her. "Umn...pull back a bit and try again, please."

He did so, and when he pushed back into her, most of him slipped inside. I had pulled over my brother's desk chair to get a better view of him deflowering my friend. "How do you feel, Bella?" I asked.

"Ummf...soo full...ohwoww..." she moaned as Roscoe carefully pulled back and pushed inside her again. This time all of him went in. "Huhh..."

"Can I go faster?" he asked. She nodded, and he picked up the pace.

"Now they're fucking," Larissa commented.

Roscoe was right in line with the tall girl's B-cup breasts as he thrust, so he took one of her strawberry nipples into his mouth. "Ohm."

She gasped and arched her back, pressing her boob harder into his mouth. "I...I feel like I gotta pee again...uhh...uhh..."

"Don't stop!" Sue advised her. "It's probably the orgasm coming, like Larissa said last night."

"Huhh...uhuuh!" Bella's whole body was shaking as Roscoe kept thrusting into her. "Ohh...ohwoww...woww..."

I had been paying so much attention to Bella's first intercourse and possible orgasm that I hadn't been tracking Roscoe's. He was grunting and thrusting faster inside her.

"HUHHH!" Bella's eyes opened wide and she opened her mouth in a scream. "AAHHHH!" At this point, her spasming pussy must have set Roscoe off.

"Unhh! Shiiiit!" he cried out as he slammed into her fast.

Then I realized the danger Bella was in. "Ros! Pull out!"

"NO DONNNN'T!" Bella's long legs wrapped themselves about my brother as she rutted her pleasure-filled body up at him. "AAIIEEE!!" Her eyes went wide, her body shuddered as her back arched even more, and then she seemed to lose control of her extremities as her orgasm crested. "UHUHUHUH!"

Now freed of her powerless legs, Roscoe quickly pulled back, but he was already mid-cum. A spurt of his dangerous seed splattered right onto Bella's splayed pussy lips.

Then the unexpected happened. She screamed again and her vagina seemed to explode, a watery blast arcing out and splashing onto Roscoe's stomach and cock.

"What the fuck?" Sue and Larissa said at once.

Another spurt of Bella's cum erupted, this time hitting his thighs, as she cried out one last time and then fell back onto the bed, seemingly unconscious.

"Did she just pee all over me?" Roscoe asked, looking horrified.

"So she DID need to pee!" Larissa said.

Sue moved forward to caress Bella's face. "Bella? Sweetie?"

Larissa drew close. "It doesn't smell like pee."

I moved forward as well. "Bella?" She wasn't responding. I turned to Roscoe. "How much did you cum in her?"

He looked sheepish. "Um...most of it. She wouldn't let me go...you saw."

I looked at the mess on his bed between him and Bella. I could see semen mixed in with a little bit of blood and the clear stuff that she had discharged. I hoped that meant that there wasn't much left inside her. Still, any amount could knock her up!

Then I remembered something, and dashed from the room.

"June?" Sue called after me.

I rushed into the garage and rifled through some old boxes. I remembered before last Christmas, when I had been searching for where our parents might have hidden our presents, and instead I had found...there they were! I grabbed one and headed back.

"Where did you go?" Sue asked as I came back in.

Bella was awake again, though she seemed bewildered. I twisted the plastic dial, popped out a pink pill, and handed it to her. "Here, Bella, swallow this."

"What...is it?" She asked as she regarded the small, circular tablet.

"Birth control. I found my Mom's old stash last year, packed away. She doesn't need them anymore because of her operation."

Bella considered the pill. "I...don't know if I should. The bible says..."

I took her hand and moved it closer to her face. "The bible doesn't say shit about birth control pills, Bella. My brother just put some of the stuff that makes babies inside of you, so if you don't want to become a mother and fuck up your college plans, take it."

She put the pill into her mouth and swallowed it.

"How many of those are left?" Sue asked as she looked at the plastic dial in my hands.

"Lots," I responded. "There are a few more of these in the garage. Looks like they hold 30, though there's only about half of that left in this one."

"And you just take one each time you have sex so you don't get preggers?" Larissa asked, her eyes wide.

At this point I should explain something. Remember back in Chapter 1 when I said that this was back in the 90's? We didn't have the sum total of all human knowledge at our fingertips like we do today with our smartphones, and the only Internet access we had back in those days was dial-up, so you had to purposefully connect using a phone line, you know, the 'bee-dah-bee-dah-bee!' sound, and it was slow. Also, if someone picked up the line to make a call, you got disconnected. Because of that, none of us really knew any better. They certainly didn't explain how birth control pills worked in health class; all they told us was to not have sex...yeah, right! Also, the pills didn't come with any instructions. Anyway, all of that, combined with how self-assured I felt with the answer to all of our problems there in my hand, caused me to answer ignorantly, and that pretty much fucked everything up:

"Yep!"

"Me next, then!" Sulu declared as she started pulling her clothes off.

"Sue, I'm not sure that Roscoe's going to be able to..." I trailed off as I beheld my brother's cock, once again standing at full attention. "...uhh..."

He looked at me apologetically as he wiped the last of Bella's cum from his body with his t-shirt. "It's all the talk of making babies."

"Yes!" Sue, now naked, danced around the side of the bed. "Sit here, Ros."

Roscoe sat on the edge of the bed and Sulu clambered into his lap, facing him and rubbing her very wet pussy along his shaft. Soon, she was able to slot the head between her vaginal lips, though as she pushed down it popped right back out. "Damnit!"

"Let me..." Roscoe reached down, grabbed her tight little buttcheeks, and held her up as she once again positioned her pussy above his cock. She gritted her teeth as the two of them finally got it working, and the head of his penis slipped into her tiny body.

"Ehh!" she grunted in discomfort. "Shit, that's big." Then she took a big breath and pushed down. "Ooohh..."

"So hot..." Larissa commented as she sat next to them on the bed to watch. I sat on the other side, amazed at how my brother's sizable member could fit inside Sulu's teeny body.

Bella stumbled from the bed. "I really do have to pee now..." the tall girl mumbled as she headed unsteadily toward the bathroom.

"Hngg!" Sue had pulled up a bit and slid down again, and then put her arms around Ros' neck to hold herself up. "Huff...huff...wow, she wasn't kidding about feeling full. How much is left, Lariss?"

Larissa bent down. "About half."

"Are you fucking kidding me? Shit..." Sue held her breath and repeated the up and down movement, and then again.

I could see by this point that she had taken most of it, but there were still a couple of inches to go. "It didn't hurt to lose your cherry, Sue?" I asked, thinking about Bella's loud cry earlier.

She shook her head. "Lost it one day after doing a really wide splits exercise...ehh. Thought my period had come early, but then I was really sore for a few days, and 'the monthly water' arrived a few days after that. Uhh...ohh...HAHH!"

Sue had managed to take all of Roscoe inside her, and she stayed there, fully embedded on his cock. "Ohh, wow...I can feel his pulse..."

"You're really tight, Sue," Roscoe moaned.

I looked at the clock. "We should finish up before Mom and Dad get back. Start moving, Sue."

"O-okay..." she said, unsteadily, and wrapped her legs around Roscoe in order to lift herself up. "Jeez..." She rose halfway up Roscoe's dick, and then dropped down, probably a bit harder than she had intended to. "Ackh!"

"Mmh!" Roscoe moaned.

On her next thrust, Sue controlled herself a bit better, and she moaned instead of crying out as he softly bottomed out inside her again.

"This still isn't fast enough. Maybe change position?" I suggested.

"No," she whined, "I wanna do it."

Larissa moved closer. "Well, if she cums, he probably will too, and we know how to get her off." She pushed Sue back a little to make room, and then took one of the Asian beauty's small nipples into her mouth.

Both Sue and I gasped, though hers was more pronounced. I also heard another gasp from the bedroom door. I turned to see Bella there, one hand covering her mouth.

"Mm! C'mon, June, lick the other one and this'll be over quick," Larissa urged me before returning her mouth to Sue's nipple.

"Huhh...huhh..." Sue gasped as she rode Roscoe harder.

I moved forward, very aware that my brother's firm chest was right next to my head, and took Sue's other nipple into my mouth before giving it a light suck.

"Hahh! Ohh!" Sue was riding Roscoe hard now, almost frantically. Finally, she arched her back. "Haaiiee!! Fuuuuckkk!"

"UNGH!" Roscoe grunted, and I knew that Sue's pussy must have gripped him hard as she came, causing his own orgasm to rush up his cock and inseminate my oldest friend. Larissa and I pulled our heads back to watch.

Sue's eyes popped open as she felt his hot cum fill her up. "Ohhh! Roscoooe! Huhh! Unhh!"

"Ngh! Ungh!" After a few more seconds of grunting and groaning, my brother fell back onto the bed, spent. Sue fell forward with him, still shaking with afterorgasms.

Larissa sat back on the bed. "I'm first next time, right?"

I made sure that Sue took a birth control pill and then all of our friends headed out. Roscoe's bed was an absolute mess from all of the sex, though it was mostly from Bella's orgasmic explosion. That had been insane! Were her orgasms normally like that, or did the intensity of her first intercourse and insemination cause her to spurt cum everywhere? I didn't know, and since this was her first orgasm, she wouldn't have any idea either.

I was feeling a bit weird from having sucked on Sulu's nipples, but the sexy afternoon had totally made me horny. Alone in my room later, I was able to cum twice on my fingers.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)