The Date
by Titsandass1

The Date Ch. 01

Stephanie's date has no clue that she's wearing paint.

This particular day just after my high school graduation and two months before Labor Day is one that I will remember for the rest of my life. It's something that I had dreamt of doing but I needed the assistance of a pro. They all said that I was under age until the day that I showed an ID proving that I'm 18.

I have small breasts and a gentle curve at the waist. My hips are somewhat curvier though I'm not exactly hour-glass. I'm ok with my figure. It's what God gave me. I've been told that I'm pretty so that helps my self-image.

It actually all started late one evening just before the ceremony. I was hanging out by the high school gymnasium entrance with my girlfriends Tina and Lisa. We were laughing and cracking jokes, getting stoned. The "weed" was really good quality.

On a dare Lisa streaked about a hundred meters through the illumination of street lamps.

Lisa is not built the same as me. Her breasts are larger, her waist and hips curvier. Also, she's Brunette. Tina and I are blonds.

Anyway, that incident led to me doing something that I had been thinking about probably since April.

A Monday afternoon saw the three of us sitting in Cafe Nero.

I brought up the topic. "Do you guys know that there's a shop in town that does body art?"

"Painting by Jen," said Lisa.

"I'm goin' to do it, get painted and walk the city streets as if I am wearing clothes."

My girlfriends looked at me and giggled.

"Naked," Tina asked.

"It will appear to be cutoffs and teeshirt."

At that moment I took the decision to go out painted but first I needed to make an important call to a boy.

Todd McCoy was in my English class and we also had a study period together. We used to chit chat occasionally and got to know each other, although I admit, not well.

Todd is a lean 5 9 blond with blue eyes. I find him attractive as do most girls. Tina thinks he gorgeous.

"Stephanie I think he has a crush you you."

Tina would have no reason to make up anything like that.

"I'm gonna call him just as soon as I get painted."

Lisa shared important information that would decide which day I get painted.

"He works in the book store."

I placed the call just then while we girls were still sitting in Cafe Nero. I heard it ring three times. Todd pick up. Pick up. It's important.

"Hello Stephanie," said Todd into the cell phone putting me at ease.

"Todd, If you're not working Friday night do you want to go for ice cream?"

"Sure," he said. After a silent second he added, "thanks for asking."

"Then I'll see you about 7ish." I replied.

I pumped my fist in the air and shouted, "WOO HOO."

"You go girl," said Tina.

Lisa reiterated.

On Friday afternoon at 2 we three came to "Body Art by Jen" situated in the plaza between a hairdresser and a Thai food restaurant.

A brunette with breast-length hair and brown eyes and a welcoming smile greeted us.

"Hello Ladies what can I do for you?"

My friends pointed at me standing between them.

Lisa spoke for us. "She wants to get painted."

"ALL right. Come right over here." Jen indicated the counter.

"Your name is," asked Jen.

"Stephanie Tattaglia," I said.

"Stephanie I need to see an ID."

On that note I took my wallet from my pocketbook and my driver's license from my wallet.

Jen looked at it for a second or two then handed it back to me. I stuffed it back into the wallet.

"What kind of outfit would you like?"

"Can you do the Jessica Simpson super skinny jeans with that lace sheer cami?"

"We sure can," said Jen.

I pulled the Visa Master card from my wallet, a card borrowed from my mom. I doubted very much she would've loaned the card if she knew my plan so I told her that I wanted to buy a painting.

"That comes to $160."

Jen swiped my card.

"OK Stand on that platform and get naakeeed."

Leaving my clothes on pegs and underwear on a bench, I stepped onto the platform. I watched attentively while Jen and an assistant filled small cups with paint.

Jen asked, "what are you girls planning."

She probably guessed Youtube video.

I replied, "Just a walk, then I have a date tonight."

"Cool," said Jen. "He'll like you in that outfit."

I giggled and they began painting meticulously. The feel of a soft brush stroking my small breasts felt good. Why can't it feel this good on my entire body?

Time was passing slowly. My girlfriends had left and would catch me later.

It was 6 P M and I was back with my friends.

I made the call and would make the effort to remain calm.

Five minutes passed before Todd came. We hugged. My head rested against his shoulder.

"Stephanie I'm so glad you asked me here. I have the biggest crush on you."

"Prove it by kissing me on the mouth."

His lips touched mine. Our mouths opened letting tongues probe.

Todd and I indulged in chocolate chip and pistachio respectively while making small talk. Does he realize that I am completely naked? I would love to tell him tonight. I don't want him knowing it already.

In Todd's bedroom we stood facing one another. His hands slide down to the buckle.

Sunset will happen in an hour at the back side of the Laffrey house.

"Are you trying to undress me?"

He withdrew his hands.

"I'm so sorry."

His apology was much appreciated.

"I'm ALREADY naked."

His jaw dropped. He looked at me in stunned disbelief.

"This is body paint hon."

We were both recuperating from uninhibited sex when Todd sat upright and lit a cigarette.

"I didn't know you smoke."

"Yah I do," he said then took another drag.

"May I have one please?"

Todd gave me my first ever cigarette, a cigarette I smoked without feeling queasy. The previously empty ashtray now contained two ciggies, mine and his.

I had a lament. "I wish my breasts are bigger. These make me feel as though I don't need a bra."

Todd attempted to console me. "My sister Chelsea has small breasts. She's an A cup."

"I hate it. I want them to be bigger."

"Stephanie I think your very pretty."

Two days passed. Todd has started his shift at Barnes and Noble leaving me to make my own entertainment.

I had changed out of my waitress uniform into ripped bluejeans and puff-sleeve off-the-shoulder floral-print not even a half hour earlier and I'm hanging out with my girlfriends.

Having pulled the New Ports from my jeans pocket, I flamed one with my Bic. A deep drag and a long exhalation sends smoke streaming from my lips. My girlfriends, themselves smokers, look at me.

Tina, who was then holding a cigarette at her knee, made a remark.

"It's about time you started smoking with us."

"I hate being left out of anything."

Lisa started a long detailed story about the recent incident involving her boyfriend.

I asked, "are you guys still going to see each other."

"I hope so. I don't wanna break up over it."


The Date Ch. 02

Walking painted at the supermarket.

In a couple of days I will celebrate my 28th birthday. A lot of things in my life have changed over these past 10 years. For starters, there's my employment. This former waitress became an RN, having studied at U-Mass Amherst. The charge cards in my wallet these days_ a Master Card from Bank of America, and a card from Forever 21_ are my own. Reimbursing my mom $160 for that charge on her credit card from Body Art by Jen left my savings badly depleted. Needless to say she didn't like the way I had used her plastic.

There's the change that makes me feel very good about my body. Implants done by my employer have turned this girl into a C cup. I hated being just an A.

There's also a major change in lifestyle. I got engaged 6 months ago to a neurosurgeon named Jon Crowe.

A Sunday morning sees me having morning coffee with him on his deck. I don't live with him yet but I spend more time at his place than at my own.

He knows nothing about a certain incident in my past, an incident I would love to repeat. I'm not ashamed of what I did that day. As I sip my coffee and puff on my ciggy between sips my brain formulates the words.

"When I graduated high school I went to Body Art by Jen. Her shop is downtown. I had a pink lace cami and skinny jeans painted on my body and went on a date that night."

"You went on a date naked?"

I gave a grinning nod.

"We need to go grocery shopping and I want to go painted."

"My future wife wants to go naked in public."

"People will think I'm wearing actual clothes. I did it once already and no one even suspected anything."

"Ok go for it girl," said Jon resigning himself to my will.

"Will you walk with me?"

"Of course, and since you have a birthday coming up I'll pay for it. That will be your birthday present."

"Thank you for that. That's exactly what I want from you for my 28th birthday. It's just a question of what I want to wear."

He asked, "what did you wear ten years ago."

"Lace cami and skinny jeans but I don't want the same outfit," I replied.

At 2 P M on my day off, a Tuesday, Jon and I came into a familiar shop and saw a familiar face. Jen greeted us with her warm welcoming demeanor.

"I was here once before, ten years ago. I'm Stephanie Tattaglia."

"Welcome back Stephanie," said Jen. "What can I do for you this time?"

"I want this sweetheart-neck floral cami top." I showed Jen the printout from my computer just so there's no confusion about what I wanted. It's multi color though predominently black.

"Ok let's talk business."

Having said that, Jen and I walked to the counter. Jon took a seat and watched. Unlike my girlfriends of ten years ago, he would not leave me there.

"I want it with blue denim ankle jeans."

The price had gone up since I last came here. Jen billed my Master Card for $250. No biggie. It's affordable on a nurse's salary.

"You know the drill."

I hung my jeans and teeshirt on the same pegs that I used as a teen and laid bra and panties on the same bench.

I stepped onto the platform. I wonder if she notices my new bigger boobs. I'll tell her about the implants if she comments.

Like before, I watched Jen and an assistant filling cups and laying out brushes. As always she worked meticulously creating fake clothing.

When I was a teen a paintbrush stroking my boobs felt good. It still does. I wish I was lesbian right now. Jen no doubt is one. A brush stroking my ass feels just as good.

A few hours passed. "You're all done."

I looked at my printout then looked at her artwork.

Awesome, Awesome job, worth every penny, I thought.

She seemed to not remember me having small boobs. At least she didn't make a remark.

Jon had, before we left the house, put the grocery list on his phone and sent it to mine. We came to the store located just minutes up the road.

Starting at the produce section, I pushed the shopping cart through each adjacent aisle. This is good, I'm actually naked in the store except for my booties. I love times like this.

Jon took the half full cart letting me just add to it at my discretion.

"Hon I'm going to the deli counter."

"OK," he replied.

I saw six people ahead of me buying deli meats and or cheeses. One of them turned out to be Jackie Longfellow, a talkative nurse in Ambultory Surgery, the department near MICU.

"Hi Stephanie," said Jackie.

"Hi Jackie."

This would be the first real test of how convincing body paint can be.

We chatted briefly while she was waiting for her number to come up on the overhead display.

Being so close to her was making me nervous. Does she recognise what I'm wearing, or not wearing? She will talk if she does.

Several minutes after that encounter at the deli counter Jon and I came into line at register 2. Two shoppers had fully loaded carts in front of us. A third load covered the counter top.

Someone, perhaps the cashier or the kid bagging groceries, might notice that my outfit is illusory. Call me paranoid but I could not help thinking that.

Back inside the car I breathed a sigh of relief. No one made a comment about me being naked.

As we approached the exit to the road I made a few remarks.

"It's funny how we change. When I was 18 I was sumpremely confident that I could go out in public painted and stay out all day. Now I'm only like 95 percent confident. That little bit of doubt was making me nervous in the store."

"Stephanie you need to take a long walk wearing absolutely nothing, not even a painted suit."

I laughed loudly for several seconds.

Two months passed. Though summer was rapidly coming to a close, days were still warm and fairly long. I entertained a radical idea.

"Stephanie, you're becoming a regular here."

"I guess I am."

It's only my third visit since I was 18. Is that what she calls "a regular customer"?

"What can I do for you today?"

Like the last visit, I showed her a printout, this one from Kohls website. The model was wearing a Warner Cloud Nine full-coverage wireless contour bra.

I said, "that and bikini panties."

"OK," said Jen fighting an urge to laugh.

"By the way, I wear that Warner. It's very comfortable."

"I see," said Jen.

This time I had a different plan in mind. I would undress down to my undies in the living room then take a shower with Jon letting him witness the paint being washed away.


