The Making of Jenny is Copyright (C) 2013 Jennifer Johnson, All rights
reserved. Please do not distribute this story without this message. 
- jenny4@ducksfeet.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The beginning of this work -- the first 53 paragraphs are autobiographical. 
Everything beyond this is complete fantasy and fiction. 

This work involves consensual and non-consensual interracial sex between teens 
and teens, teens and adults and teens and horses as well as forced feminization 
and transformation. 

If you find any of these themes disturbing please stop reading now. 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Making of Jenny, Part 1: The pickup. 

When I was young kid, I envied the attention my sisters got from my parents. I, 
too, wanted be a girl. This turned into an obsession and as I got a little 
older I started shoplifting lingerie and stealing my mom and sisters' clothes. 
This frustrated my parents. My dad became a little abusive. I ran away from 
home a couple times and the second time I was molested by a guy who actually 
convinced my parents to let me stay with him for a while. He took me with him 
on the lam from a federal parole charge. He leveraged me against my parents who 
were, according to him, going to put me in the state hospital until I was 18. 
He showed me a psychiatrist's report that said I had some mental health issues. 


Ultimately I went back home just before my fourteenth birthday and my parents 
were happy to see me but that wore off after a while. I never let on that I was 
being molested over the last few months. I told him I was hitchhiking all over. 


Over the next few months I got restless and would take off actually hitchhiking 
places. Sometimes for the day and back home, sometimes for longer. 

One of these times I stole a car. Maybe I was trying to get out of going to a 
hospital my parents actually did want to send me to. 

My Kidnapping left me angry and confused and I acted out a lot and going to the 
hospital made things worse, not better. Finally after several months I was 
kicked out. 

My parents didn't let me come back home and I bounced from shelter to foster 
home and back a few times. I stole another car and another and I was sent to 
the boys' ranch. 

I left the boys' ranch as soon as I got there. I wanted to go to Montana and I 
started hitchhiking to Sacramento where I could get to I-5, north to Seattle 
and then east. My trip to Sacramento was uneventful and I found myself in a 
neighborhood where I had once lived, just south of Downtown near the river and 
Southside Park. 

As I sat on the on-ramp a late model sedan drove by and the driver called me 
over. He was an older black man around 45-50. I was 15. He asked if I needed a 
place to stay for the night. I got in his car. He introduced himself as David 
and I told him my name was "Rick" and we drove off towards the blue-collar part 
of town. 

We arrived at an older home, with signs of wear. Inside it was a bit cluttered 
with old furniture. Another man, Albert, was there. He was maybe 60. We sat 
down and had some burgers that Albert made and David gave me a Budweiser. They 
asked about my friends and family. He asked how old I was, I lied and told them 
I was seventeen. I wasnt quite sure what these guys were up to and assumed 
they wanted something sexual. 

I went along because I had always fantasized about having sex with black men and 
the time I spent in juvenile hall in Oakland, seeing lots of black kids my age 
in the shower increased those fantasies. I didn't know what to do and I was 
very passive when it came to sex. Really my only experiences with sex were 
during my molestation and kidnapping, a few blow jobs other times I had 
hitchhiked and a few times when I was in a psych hospital. 

I had no clue how to approach someone sexually, especially older men whose 
intentions were unknown. I had committed a felony and was wanted by the 
authorities so I felt a little intimidated by my surroundings and companions. I 
was grateful for a place to crash and didn't want to rock the boat either. I 
was completely out of my element and just sort of waited for things to happen. 


David and Albert wanted to know where I was going and when I said Montana, they 
wanted to know why I was hitchhiking there. I sort of lied and told them there 
were friends I wanted to see there. I had known some people there but really 
didn't know how to get there and what I would do once there. I just didnt want 
to be in custody. David told me he worked for the highway patrol and had 
"checked me out" but I had given him a different name. I wasnt sure how honest 
he was and wasnt very worried about it or what he really did. 

David announced that he had to go to work but would be back later. After he 
left, Albert and I watched some TV and I drank some beers with Albert. I fell 
asleep on the couch in front of the TV to be awoken by David around midnight. 
We drove across town to North Sacramento. David lived in a small trailer in a 
nice little park. He gave me another beer and I smoked a few cigarettes while 
we made idle chitchat. Again I wasn't sure what to think about my surroundings. 


Abruptly, David said we had to go to bed. He told me to take my jeans off. I got 
in bed in my underwear and turned on my side away from David. I was nervous and 
couldn't sleep. The dark silence was awkward. I could hear David breathe and 
knew he was still awake. I jumped a little when he started rubbing my ass. I 
didn't really move and I made no attempt to stop him and he took this as 
encouragement. He pulled my briefs down and pushed up against me. I got very 
nervous -- all the times I had had someone fuck my ass it was uncomfortable and 
painful. But I also wanted his cock in me and I wanted him to enjoy me. 

He slowly rubbed his hard cock in my crack and then pushed into me but I am not 
sure to this day whether he actual penetrated me. Whatever he was doing felt 
really good and it also felt really dirty and nasty and I was really loving 
this experience. He pumped his cock for a while, while reaching around and 
playing with my nipple which I loved immensely. I was wrapped up in this dirty, 
forbidden pleasure. I didn't feel his cum but I felt him cum if that makes any 
sense. 

He never said a word, but rubbed my back a little and rolled onto his back and 
we just sort of laid there while I thought he went to sleep. I had always 
wanted to suck a black cock and when I thought he was asleep I rolled over and 
took his soft cock in my mouth while he got hard. I sucked his cock for a while 
but I figured he was still asleep and he had just cum in me so I wasn't sure he 
would again. I stroked my cock while I had his in my mouth until I came. I 
became very sleepy and fell asleep facing him. 

I woke in the morning with his cock in my face. I was a little surprised and he 
quickly moved away like he was trying to get away with something and got 
caught. That made me feel sexy and wanted. I wasnt sure what to do and once 
again waited for him to make a move and he didn't. 

He told me he was working the day shift and would drop me back by Albert's.

Albert made me some breakfast and we chit-chatted for a while and watched some 
TV. 

As we watched, Albert started stroking my crotch and I was aroused immediately. 
He undid my jeans and pulled his pants down around his ankles revealing quite a 
package in his briefs. When he took my cock out he said "I know you belong to 
David, but he wont mind this." 

My head spun. I "belonged" to David? I belonged to a black man that has already 
fucked me? Wow! My heart was beating fast and I felt a little dizzy with a 
strange mixture of lust and timidness. It occurred to me that I was jailbait 
and that made me even hornier. 

He took my cock in his mouth and started sucking me and pulled out his cock and 
stroked while he gave me head. I was so horny now and breathing hard. When I 
looked down I noticed his cock was HUGE! Much, much larger than David's. I 
watched him stroke while he made me cum -- it didn't take long. I wanted to 
touch his cock and maybe suck him but I was timid and not sure what to do. 
Again I waited for that first move that never happened. 

After he made me cum, he kept stroking his cock. He asked me to take my t-shirt 
off and said "That's better." 

Still stroking his cock he reached with one hand and played with my nipples 
which made me hard again. He told me "With that long hair and the way you like 
your nipples played with, along with your small frame you remind me of a young 
girl." 

Again my head was spinning. That seemed like a huge compliment to me. I was 
almost drunk on how I was feeling and what I was thinking. He stood up as he 
was cumming and came on my chest. 
