The Trailer Park: The Second Year
A Story in the Wynter/Trailer Park Universe
by Wizard
Copyright© 2006 by Wizard

Chapter 21

"What do you think?" Robbie asked me as she handed me my bottle of Gatorade.

"I think Richard Calloway is a vicious cruel sadist who the Marines kicked out for being too mean." I took a large mouthful of the drink and swished it around my mouth before swallowing.

"That bad?" asked Tami sympathetically.

"And he's the best coach I've ever seen."

"So, you gonna make it, stud?" Robbie asked.

"And what are you going to do if you do?" Tami added.

"Don't know, and haven't got a clue respectively. I'm just trying to make it through Monday afternoon."

I took another swig of Gatorade, gave Robbie back the bottle, and trotted back to the field.

"So what's the word?"

"I get to come back tomorrow."

"That's good, right?" Tami asked.

"I'm not sure. I remember in the Halloween Bowl game, when the front line messed up and I got hit from three directions at once." I paused for dramatic effect. "I wish I only hurt that bad."

"Awwwww," the two girls said together.

I grinned. On the one hand, it was cool seeing the two girls together as friends. On the other hand, I kinda felt like I'd been dropped off in a minefield and they forgot to leave me a map.

"You know, Tami was telling me how you used to give her massages. Soothing her tired aching body. I won't be petty enough to point out that you've never given me one."

Oh, God.

"Maybe we should give you a massage. Make you forget all about your aches and pains."

"I don't know," I said as the girls stood up and I slipped my arms around them. "Massage is a very complex science. Are you licensed? Bonded? Insured?"

"We're cute!" Tami said forcefully.

"Close enough." We started down the steps of the bleachers and headed for the parking lot. I saw a couple of my fellow athletes give me almost friendly glances as I walked, hell--as I strutted--with the two beautiful girls.

"I hate to be the dumb blond..." Tami started.

"Especially since you're a brunette," Robbie interrupted.

"I was thinking of dying it. Trying the blond thing for awhile."

"What shade?"

"Kind of a California gold."

I could have evaporated and they wouldn't have noticed as they talked around me.

"Excuse me, ladies."

They stopped talking and looked at me. Maybe the minefield would be a better idea.

"I think you were going to ask a question, and if my opinion counts, I think your hair is beautiful the way it is."

"Of course, your opinion counts," they said together, convincing me that it didn't. At least about hair color.

"I was just trying to say I didn't understand why we were here."

"I was trying out for the baseball team. You were rooting me on."

"I said dumb blond, not brain dead," Tami said with a hint of chill in her voice. "Why are we here?" She waved her arm to take in the high school athletic fields.

"Well, last year, Coach Calloway had eight seniors, five juniors, and a sophomore on his team. And the junior varsity really sucked. The seniors all graduated and two of the juniors are doing track, and one, for some God-knows reason, is playing golf. So that only leaves him with three of last years varsity."

"Since his son Ricky played for the middle school last year, he saw some of our games and has a good idea what's available for freshmen, and like I said, the junior varsity sucked, so he's scrambling to fill out the team. Ricky will get to play varsity, and the coach asked me to try out too."

"You can do that?"

"Yeah, but I only get four years of eligibility, which means I'd have to sit out one of my high school years."

"If he's so desperate, why didn't you suggest Robbie?" Tami asked.

"Actually, I did. While pointing out that I've never seen her play."

"Hey!" Robbie protested.

"I haven't, so I can't give you a wholehearted recommendation, but I told him you were a natural athlete and tenacious."

"Tenacious. I like that."

I grinned. I knew she would. We scanned the parking lot, but Mom wasn't there yet.

"He said he didn't want you trying out."

"Another male chauvinist? Like Mr. Feldman?"

"No, Coach Calloway's a good guy. But he said that an eighth grader trying out would be brutal. And an eighth grade girl would be beyond that."

"Brutal?" Tami asked.

I shrugged. "Did you see much friendly comradery out there?"

"It looked like the pitcher tried to take your head off at batting practice."

"He did," I agreed. But I think smacking that curve ball he hung out for me over the left field fence made up for it.

"So you were protecting me?"

"No, Mr. Calloway was protecting you. I would have brought you along to take some of the heat off me."

"My hero," Robbie said in her Scarlett O'Hara voice.

"Looks like you got more than you can handle," a voice said. Three of the ball players were crossing the parking lot, heading toward a pickup.

"No. He's got more than you can handle," Robbie snapped back, and then kissed me.

"Yeah, baby," Tami added in a passable Austin Powers imitation before following Robbie's example and pressing her lips to mine.

The one in the middle went red, and I guessed he was the one who had spoken.

On the one hand, It felt good the way the girls had counter-punched the loud mouth; but on the other hand, I had a feeling that I'd pay for it tomorrow. On the third hand, any excuse to kiss hot beautiful girls was worth it. Damn, I was running out of hands.

Mom drove up before the situation could deteriorate. Traci was in the front seat with her, so the three of us piled into the back, me in the middle.

"How was your practice?" Mom asked as she pulled out of the parking lot.

"Interesting." I was saved from elaborating by Traci resuming the story she'd been telling Mom.

"What did you mean when you said you got to come back tomorrow?" Tami asked as she unlocked her front door and let Robbie and me in.

"Well, Coach Calloway needs twelve to fourteen players for the varsity. Thirty guys came out. Thirty-one counting me. He does a one-week try-out, so every day he cuts a couple of people from the list."

"That's not very nice."

"But it's necessary. He wants the best team possible. Anyway, he cut three guys today."

"What happens to them?"

"They play JV and have a chance to move up if they're good enough."

"So, if you make it through the week, you're on the team?"

"Sort of."

"What do you mean, sort of."

"Well, for an eighth grader to make the team the coach has to pick me. Then Mrs. Jeffries, the high school principal, has to approve it. Then Mr. Reed has to approve it." We settled on the sofa, Tami at one end and me at the other with Robbie on my lap. I looked straight at Tami. "Can you see Mr. Reed approving something like that?"

She shook her head, as did Robbie.

"Actually, I think I'm a diversion."

Robbie twisted a little on my lap and took my face in her hands. "What do you mean, a diversion?"

"Just that. I don't think the coach plans to ask me to join the team, but I'd be willing to bet I'll make it to Friday."

"Bet what?" asked Robbie.

"Why?" asked Tami.

I grinned, first at Robbie, then at Tami.

"How about, if I make it to Friday, you can't dye your hair?"

"Forever?"

"Let's say, at least till the end of school." Hopefully by then she'd forget about it.

"And if you don't?" Tami asked slyly.

I laughed. "You can dye mine."

"Any color?' the girls asked together, exchanging looks.

I nodded. Hopefully, confidently.

"Deal," Tami said and stuck out her hand. I reached over and shook it.

"What do I lose?" Robbie wanted to know.

"How about a three-way with Tami?" I whispered.

Robbie flashed red, then giggled. I knew she was thinking that Tami would never go for it. This mind-reading thing is a snap once you get the hang of it. I shook hands with her, too.

"So just why do you think you'll make it to Friday, but not make the team?" Robbie asked.

"Like I said, I'm a diversion. I'm pretty good..."

"And modest too," Robbie added giving me a quick kiss.

"Can't be good at everything," Tami added.

"Anyway, I'm pretty good and none of those school studs want to get beat out by middle school weenie, so they'll give an extra ten percent. Then the coach is going to wind up with some freshmen on the team, and the middle schooler who didn't make it will take some of the pressure off them."

"That's mean."

"Like I said, Coach Calloway is mean, sadistic, and cruel, and very, very good. And even if I made it, I'm not sure I'd want to. I mean, what would I do my senior year, study?"

"You're too smart for your own good," Robbie accused.

"Funny, you're not the first person to say that."

Robbie stood. "We owe you a massage."

"I think it's time to head home for dinner." We were taking Tami in again because her mom was away for the night. I'm not exactly sure how Robbie became part of the deal, but I'm not complaining.

"Your mom said seven. We have half-an-hour," Tami said.

"You don't have to." I really wasn't sure this was a good idea.

"Stand up!" Robbie ordered. She could teach marine drill instructors a thing or two about giving orders. I stood.

"We always used to put the sofa cushions in the middle of the floor to lie on."

"I have sofa cushions," Robbie said, reminding me that she had been slighted, then added a fake sob, before picking up one of Tami's cushions and tossing it to the exact middle of the floor.

Somehow I knew I was going to give a lot of massages before I heard the last of this. And that didn't take any mind reading at all.

Tami took the last two cushions and laid them in a line.

"Strip!" Robbie ordered.

"I don't think this is a good idea."

"Y'all ain't got nuthin, we'all ain't already seen." Robbie was channeling Scarlett again.

If I learned anything from General Custer it was, "When you're outgunned, surrender." I started pulling off clothes. In less than a minute I was down to my briefs. Red with a white waistband, very stylish. A look from Robbie, and I lost them too.

The funny thing was, here I am, standing in Tami's living room, naked with two hot girls, and I wasn't hard.

Instead of pondering the cosmic significance of that, I lay down. The girls knelt on either side.

"You know, I'm not the only one he gives massages to," Tami said as she started rubbing my shoulder way too gently.

"Really?" Robbie said as her fingers started digging into my shoulder on the other side.

Oh god! Mikee and Kelly. I willed my atoms to vibrate through the atoms of the floor. I'd heard it was theoretically possible.

"Yeah, two girls here in the park."

I don't think Robbie meant to dig her fingers into the muscle at the side of my neck, but she did. If I were lucky, Tami would drop it without mentioning their names.

"Mikee and Kelly."

"I don't think I know them."

I told myself I wasn't going to cry. I was fourteen, too old for that, as Robbie's fingers stabbed into already abused muscles.

"You've probably seen Mikee in the halls. She just turned thirteen. Kelly's almost eleven."

Robbie's grip loosened, and I sighed. I'd never seen Robbie jealous before. Of course, the only other girl in my life was Tami, and she was kind of a special situation. I wondered how Robbie would react if she knew what else I did with the two younger girls.

The girls worked down my body, Tami rubbing too lightly to do any good, but Robbie digging in and loosening up tight muscles. I was going to be lop-sided for awhile.

The girls chatted about unimportant things until Robbie laid her hands on my butt. Then Tami's hands joined her on the other side and Big Tony came awake.

Tami got a little more forceful as the two girls kneaded my ass. As Big Tony stirred beneath me, I wondered if they planned to work on my front. And just who was getting my joystick. The human body has enough symmetry to make dual massage workable up to a point. And that point was getting longer every second.

As the girls worked down to my legs, Tami's hands brushed my balls, and Big Tony, though pressed against my stomach, was at full attention.

Down past my knees they rubbed my calves. Tami was getting better, doing almost as good as Robbie.

Then Robbie slapped my butt. "Roll over slick."

I thought about protesting but knew in the end she'd get her way. I rolled over. Big Tony, happy to be free, popped up immediately, proud as the Washington Monument.

"He likes us," Robbie cooed. "He really likes us."

I wondered if she purposely paraphrased Sally Field.

"He likes me best," Tami said, I think jokingly, and grabbed my tentpole at the base, her forefinger and thumb making a circle.

"No, me." Robbie said and grabbed my prick above Tami's hand.

Ever played the game with a bat? One person catches a bat, then the second person grabs it a little higher, then the first again, all the way to the top of the bat. As these two played I wondered what the prize was.

Tami's hand closed on the head of my cock. "Me."

I must have agreed, cause I chose that moment to erupt.

Tami pulled her hand away and wiped it on my leg. "Yuck! You can have him."

Robbie watched as four more spurts followed the first. "I don't want him."

The girls stood. "Let's go to dinner." They left without another word.

I lay on the floor of Tami's living room, my cum dripping down my stomach and legs, and wondered for the three millionth time since puberty had set in if it was all worth it.


Chapter 22

"Make it stop!" I grabbed my head as if in agony.

Robbie looked out her opened door at me. "Make what stop?"

I dropped to my knees, a look of agony on my face. "The music. Stop the music!"

"What music?"

"I can't tell you. It's like a virus."

I dropped to my side, then rolled on my back, looking up at her. "Make it stop. Please! I'll go mad."

"Poor baby," Robbie said, then reached down and grabbed me by the armpits and pulled me in the door so she could shut it. "How did it start?"

"I was talking to dad and watching the news. We saw a story, and I made some snide comment about it. Then he said the words."

"What words?" Robbie asking kneeling by my head.

"It's a small world, after all," I said and grinned.

Robbie looked at me questioningly. Then the reality set in. "Oh, God. I hear it too."

I started, then Robbie joined in:

"It's a small world after all.

"It's a small world after all.

"It's a small world after all.

"It's a small, small world."

We finished in perfect harmony.

"It won't stop," she said.

"I know."

"How can we stop it?"

"There's only one known cure. Music and sex. Lots of music. Lots of sex."

"You pervert. You did this to me on purpose."

I grinned.

Robbie held out her hand. I took it and we stood up. For a moment we grinned at each other, then hand-in-hand we raced for the stairs.

Robbie sat at her computer. "Any particular genre?"

"Rock. Some Alice Cooper, The Doors, Iron Butterfly."

Robbie shot me a look. Not my usual music, but somehow we had to drive the demons out. She used her mouse to click several things on the screen and the music started;

"Riders on the storm..."

"Now what?" she asked, standing.

"You're wearing too many clothes."

She giggled. "So are you."

We both started shedding unnecessary coverings. When we were naked I stepped to her and pulled her into a hard embrace and smothered her mouth with mine.

I dropped slowly to my knees kissing a line from her mouth to her pelvis. I was so incredible lucky to have her. I stood, picked her up, and carried her to the bed. I dropped her from about two feet and watched her bounce, enjoying the surprised look on her face before I pressed my face again to her pelvis and kissed all the area around her mound. I nuzzled in the soft down above her slit, then kissed my way down one thigh and up the other.

I spread her legs and gently kissed her slit from top to bottom and back again. My tongue flicked out, barely past my lips so that my taste buds could enjoy the experience that was Robbie. I'd tasted how many girls? Seven? No, nine. I'd almost forgotten Alana and Stephanie--briefly I wondered if Alana's friends would return this summer—and each girl had her own... flavor.

I used my thumbs to open Robbie and then started licking her exposed cunt.

I thrust my tongue deep into her hole, letting my taste buds savor her.

Robbie grabbed my ears and pulled me up to her, pulling my mouth to hers and pushing her tongue deep into my mouth. I felt her hand on my cock, and she was guiding it toward her pussy. The head slipped between her lips and I pushed hard, entering her. We both moaned, deep in our throats.

Something was playing, though my mind wasn't clear enough to recognize what. But it had a driving bass line and I fell into rhythm with it, driving deep into my lover as Robbie thrust her hips to me.

I felt the relief I needed stirring within me as the sperm in my balls seemed to boil. Too soon, I thought. I wasn't ready. But my body was, and cum spurted from my cock and coated Robbie's insides. As I drove my wilting stick into Robbie, milking it, I felt her stiffen, then relax, and knew that she'd gone over the edge too.

We clung together, enjoying the feeling of being together, being attached, being one.

I lay on my back and enjoyed the image as much as the sensation. Robbie straddled me, my cock once again embedded in her tight hot pussy. This was my favorite position, lying flat, the girl sitting on me and doing all the work. To hell with the macho man-on-top. This was the ultimate.

Robbie was enjoying a slow up, forward, down and back rhythm and looking down on me as dreamily as I looked up at her. I reached out and ran my thumb across the top of her slit.

"That was mean," she murmured.

"What, playing with your pussy?" I raised my hand and captured her nipple between thumb and forefinger and gently rolled it.

"No. The song when you first got here."

I grinned. "I told you not to ask. It's contagious."

"It sure is."

"It's hard to believe that the same people who gave us Bambi, The Little Mermaid and The Lion King could also be responsible for that curse of music."

Robbie nodded. The music had changed to the new age stuff we'd both started to like, though I didn't recognize the piece that was playing.

"I'm surprised that you're up to this. I mean, after three days of baseball try-outs."

"I'm resilient." I grinned. "Besides, that's why I'm letting you do all the work."

"Liar. You always let me do all the work."

I grinned again. "Just Thursday and Friday and I win my bet. A threesome." I leered up at her.

"So how many girls have you fucked with this piece of steel?" Robbie asked casually, the rhythm of her hips picking up slightly.

A warning light came on in my head, and a mental klaxon announced a loaded question. I was pretty sure that Robbie knew Tami was my first. And she knew that when she and I got hot and heavy, right after Tami and I broke up, that I didn't want to do it with anyone. So any number other than two was dangerous. Unfortunately, any number other than four was a lie.

"More than one."

Robbie reached behind her and wrapped her fingers around my balls. The feeling was incredible. Then she squeezed, and pain became part of the equation. "You're very good at evading questions you don't want to answer." She squeezed again.

"Less than seventeen," I added.

"Seventeen?"

"Less than."

Her grip relaxed a little. "How many this week?"

I was on safer ground here. She was the only one.

"More than zero."

Her hand tightened.

"And less than six."

"Six?"

"Less than."

The look she gave me was calculating but amused, and her hand relaxed and gently stroked my balls. "Just make sure it stays less than six."

I couldn't resist. "This week? Or every week?"

Her hand tightened, then relaxed again. "Every week."

I considered a comment about how restrictive that was, but decided that my balls wouldn't appreciate it.

Robbie picked up the pace of her fucking. My cock had deflated a little with the rough handling of my balls, but it now became hard as steel again. I thought about Mikee and Kelly. They'd almost got me in a lot of trouble.

Robbie released my balls and leaned forward, her hands on my ribs for greater leverage. I watched her face and saw the first signs of orgasm. I flipped us onto her back and thrust hard and deep, trying to intensify her pleasure.

She muttered incoherently as wave after wave of pleasure washed over her. Then in a giant surge my balls signaled my own climax, and my seed surged toward her uterus.

"Have I ever mentioned how much I like doing that?"

"Once or twice," Robbie replied with a giggle. "Is it that good with all of your less than seventeen?"

"Oh yeah!" I agreed.

Robbie cocked her head. "Dad's home."

"Who cares? I could stay like this forever."

"Have I ever showed you my dad's gun collection?"

I rolled off Robbie and headed for my clothes. Robbie laughed and sat up. "Don't like guns?"

I thought about Kenny's rifle. "No. Does he really have a collection?" I pulled on my underwear.

"Ask him. He'd be thrilled to show it to you." Robbie rolled off the bed, went to her dresser, and started pulling out clothes. I pulled on my jeans. "Most of them are from the time of the Revolutionary War." Robbie was putting on panties as I slipped my t-shirt over my head.

"They shot a round bullet about this big." She held her fingers about an inch apart. I sat in her desk chair and started putting on shoes and socks."

"Roberta! Are you home?" came a shout from downstairs.

"Up here, Daddy," she shouted back.

I reached over to her computer and turned the music down, then finished tying my shoe.

Robbie had dressed in shorts and a t-shirt and didn't bother with shoes and socks. "Come on," she said and held out her hand, leading me downstairs.

"Hi, Beaver. Hi, Tony. Why aren't I surprised that you're here?"

"Beaver?" I said, conflicting images of Robbie's pussy and the little kid on the fifties TV show filling my head.

Robbie must have sensed what I was thinking, because her elbow became one with my stomach, resulting in the loss of about a half-a-cubic-foot of air from my lungs.

"Hi, Daddy."

"Beaver?" I repeated, moving out of range.

Robbie shrugged.

Her dad grinned. "When Robbie was about three or four, we were living in Savannah and had a little creek that ran through our back yard. Robbie liked to dam up the end of it and flood the yard."

"That's enough reminiscing."

"I can tell there's more to the story."

"Just that Roberta was almost never wearing clothes when she did it."

"Daddy!"

"Any pictures? I want to see the dam of course. I helped point Tami toward a career in journalism. Maybe Robbie's got a future in structural engineering."

He frowned when I mentioned Tami, then smiled again. "A lot of pictures," he said, and I saw Robbie blush. "But I can't show them to you." He held his hand to the side of his mouth and whispered loudly, "She knows where I sleep."

"You bet your sweet ass, I do."

"Robbie!" he and I said together.

She grinned at both of us.

"Had your dinner yet?" he asked after a few seconds.

"Hours ago. There's a plate for you keeping warm in the oven." She reached out her hand, and I took it and let her pull me back up the stairs.

Inside her room I asked, "He knows, doesn't he?"

"That his daughter isn't pure and innocent anymore? I think so."

I remembered the Mel Gibson movie, The Patriot. Those guns made nasty holes. "Does he... I mean, is he... I..."

"Tony, breathe." We sat on the side of the bed. "Just after we came back from the Seattle game after Halloween he and I had a talk, and I told him that I though it would be best for everyone if I had protection."

"You did? Back in November?"

"I told you that I decided when I met you that you were gonna get my cherry. By then I was sure of it. Anyway, he wasn't too happy about it, but Dad's a realist. He took me to the doctor and I got the patch. Remember that first time we almost did it? I told you you didn't need a rubber, that I was protected.

"Since you're always around here, even when he's not. And since you're the only boy who's around here, Dad put two and two together and got four. Actually, he thought I lost my innocence about the middle of November."

"That explains some of the strange looks I was getting about then." I hesitated. "He doesn't like Tami, does he?"

"Why?"

"He had a look on his face when I mentioned her downstairs."

Robbie laid back on the bed and sighed. "He likes her, especially since he knows that we're friends. He just isn't sure where she fits in our relationship."

"That makes four of us."

"He doesn't want me to get hurt."

"That makes four of us too."


Chapter 23

"Thanks for dinner, sir. That was great."

"Thanks, Tony, it's nice to be appreciated."

"Hey! I made the potatoes and the salad."

I looked at Robbie and keeping my face neutral said, "They were okay." I watched her simmer for a few seconds, then corrected myself. "Robbie, they were incredible. Where did you learn to cook like that?"

"Robbie could cook better than, ur, her mother when she was six."

"Roberta has many talents," I said, conscious of the many sharp instruments near her hands.

"Yes she does," her dad agreed.

I'd been invited to dinner and a tour of his collection. He'd picked Robbie and me up after practice, started dinner, and then showed me the two dozen guns he owned. I especially liked his first gun. He'd found it in South Carolina when he was just a little older than me. It was a pistol that had belonged to Francis Marion, the legendary Swamp Fox.

Then he cooked a lemon garlic chicken that was out of this world.

"Robbie has been keeping me up-to-date on your try-outs. Get cut today?"

"Nope. I'm going to make it to Friday, just like I thought. We're down to sixteen now, counting me."

"And you still think he'll cut you tomorrow?"

"I'm sure of it." Especially after a few guilty looks he'd given me after practice today.

"And Roberta tells me you have a bet about it."

I'd been sipping my Coke, swallowed wrong, and started coughing. When I'd recovered I looked at Robbie, who was sitting with her hands folded on the table in front her, looking innocent.

I wondered if I could crack her angelic look if I said, "Yeah, she, Tami and I are going to do a threesome."

I decided I wasn't that brave. "Yeah, Tami was thinking about dying her hair, so I bet that if I won, she and Robbie couldn't dye their hair, and if I lost, they could dye mine."

"You're a braver man than I am."

"Gunga Din," I said, finishing the quote. Her dad raised his eyebrows. "Mom and Dad are into old movies. I was raised on a diet of Cary Grant, with a little John Wayne and the Marx Brothers thrown in."

"That explains a lot."

Upstairs, I closed the door and pulled Robbie into a long kiss.

"Somebody's been practicing," Robbie said when she pulled away.

"An hour a day with my forearm." I lifted my arm in front of my face and kissed it for several seconds. "And the vacuum cleaner hose."

Robbie laughed and fell back on the bed.

"Since your dad knows we're doing it, he won't be surprised to her the bed squeaking," I suggested with a hand on my belt.

"Knowing it and having it rubbed in his face are two completely different things. And he does have gunpowder and ammo for all those guns," she said as she sat up.

I let my hand drop and pouted.

"On the other hand. He does give me my privacy." Robbie reached up and slipped her finger under my belt and pulled me over in front of her. She pulled my fly down and expertly extracted Big Tony from his cocoon. "I see your friend wants to come out and play," she said, stroking it.

"With you, every chance it gets."

Robbie opened her mouth wide and maneuvered my cock until it bumped into the back of her throat, then closed down on it, her lips almost at the base.

"Robbie, could you come here?"

"Damn!" she said after she released my cock. "Coming, Daddy!" she yelled. A bad choice of words, cause in a minute or two I would have been. "Don't move, and don't put your friend away."

Robbie shot out the door, leaving it open.

There's something inherently awkward about standing in a girl's room, alone, with your dick hanging out. Add an open door and it was downright creepy.

She was back in a minute and closed the door behind her. "He just wanted to know about tomorrow night," she explained as she sat down on the bed again. "Now where was I?"

I answered by pointing my cock at her mouth and pushing forward. Her lips opened and the warm moist cave of her mouth enveloped my favorite appendage again.

"Robbie!" her dad called from downstairs. I was thinking about borrowing one of his guns. "Never mind. I found it." I didn't care what it was as I stroked her hair. It took only a minute before her tongue and lips coaxed my personal elixir of life from my body, and I fell on her bed beside her, drained.

"Thanks, I needed that."

"I guess. You been checking out Mrs. McGinty again?"

I grinned.

"Or was it Allie Smidt in her track shorts after school?"

"Allie?" I choked.

"Or Tabitha? Or Paula Grey? Or Alana Temple?"

"I, uh, that is..."

"Tami's been telling me about your love life while we watch you practice."

"Tami talks too much. There ought to be a law."

"There is. It requires old girlfriends to brief new ones."

I rolled onto my back. Big Tony flopped around outside my jeans. "All of those happened while you were still in Tennessee. In fact, they happened when Tami wasn't even talking to me, so..."

"Relax stud. I wasn't charging you with a crime."

"I..."

"Breathe," she commanded with a small laugh as she tucked Big Tony back into my pants and zipped me up. "You'all got a guilty conscience?"

"My conscience was surgically removed when I entered the sixth grade. Since you seem to know all about my sex life, maybe I should know a little about your old boyfriends. And girlfriends."

"Girlfriends? I nev..." Robbie's face briefly matched her hair.

"You implied that..."

Robbie sat up straighter. "You may have inferred, but what I implied was that a girlfriend might not be out of the question."

"Oh."

Robbie grinned. "You really did it with Tami's best friend in the pool next to her house?"

I smiled. "I didn't plan it. It just kind of happened."

"Do you know what I'd do if you messed with my best friend like that?"

The word eunuch popped into my mind. "But Tami's your best friend, and we have a threesome to schedule right after practice tomorrow."

The look I got reminded me that I was dancing on the edge of a cliff. When in doubt...

I shifted position, lifted her shirt and closed my lips over her nipple.

"Coward!" she accused.

I let go of her nipple, looked up at her, grinned, and nodded. Then I started sucking on the other nipple while massaging the first with my fingers.

"You really should stop that. Sometime before first period tomorrow."

I swirled my tongue around her nipple, then kissed the valley between her breasts before looking up at her and asking, "Why?"

"I'll think of a reason. Give me a week or two."

"I'll keep busy until I hear from you." I started planting kisses all over her ribs and stomach.

One hundred of them.

"I've been thinking," I said when I finished.

"Very dangerous. You could overheat your big head, and it can produce unpredictable results for innocent bystanders near you."

Not only was my next girlfriend gonna not be smart, she was gonna be mute. Mute was definitely the way to go.

Damn! It occurred to me that there was probably a waiting list for beautiful-but-dumb, sexy-but-mute girls. A long waiting list.

"Habla Espanol? Parlay-view Fran-case? German? Latin? Swahili?"

I nodded. Robbie was reminding me of the first day we met, when I got so tongue tied that I couldn't speak. I wondered: if there hadn't been a Robbie, would there have been a Peter?

"Are you in there? "

"What, already? Can't a guy have a minute for introspection?"

"In a word, no. What were you thinking about?"

"Now, or when you called my intellectual prowess into question?"

"Both."

"Now, none of your business. Before, the dance."

"Ah, the dance." She grinned. "I was thinking of going to the dance. But nobody asked me. I guess everybody thought somebody else had."

Oh, fuck!

I slid off the bed to my knees in front of her, bowed my head, and kissed each of her toes. "Milady. I have done you a great injustice."

"Really?"

"There can be no forgiveness."

"Go on."

"I should be horse-whipped."

"There are worse things than horse whips."

"And all too good for my crime. I have taken you for granted. I just assumed that we'd go to the dance."

"Do tell."

"I am ashamed." I bowed my head and kissed her toes again.

"You're forgiven. This time anyway. You've had a hell of a week. And yes, I would love to go to the dance with you."

I kissed my way up her body. From her ankles to her knees. From her knees to the bottoms of her shorts. Then I pressed my face into her crotch and tried to rub her slit with my nose.

"And what were you thinking when you realized what a bonehead you were?"

I lifted my face high enough to talk. "I think I should leave well enough alone and spend the rest of my life bringing you to new heights of pleasure." I went back to nuzzling her mound with my nose.

"A worthy goal, but..." she lifted my head by my ears until our eyes met. "What were you thinking?"

I sat back on my heels. "I was thinking about Tami. Should I... should we... should I invite her too?"

"An interesting question. You know, some people think about going to the dance before the day before."

I bowed my head for a second, then looked up again, not hiding my smile.

Robbie ignored it. "I know at least eight guys have asked her," she said.

"Good."

"And she's told them all no."

"Oh."

"Like you said before, Daddy's not the only one confused about our relationship."

"So what... ?"

"I won't be mad or upset if you invite her too. And I won't be mad or upset if you don't."

"You're a lot of help."

"But she is your friend, and I think she expects it."

"Like I said, you're a lot of help," I said, starting to rise. "I guess I'd better get home. I've got something to do."

"You've got something to do here first," she said, standing and pushing her shorts and panties to the ground. I grinned and pressed my face into her crotch again.


Chapter 24

They say that school is all about cliques and social status. I was pretty sure that between quarterbacking the best football team the school had in years and walking into the Spring Dance with two beautiful ladies on my arms, I had peaked. Nobody was going to top that.

It had taken a lot of convincing to get Tami to come. She hadn't wanted to be a fifth wheel. But I told her that at worst she was a third wheel and that trikes were a lot more stable than bikes. Then I added she'd be a fifth wheel if I invited Mikee and Kelly too. She just gave me her look and let me talk her into coming.

"Everyone's staring," Tami whispered.

"Yeah, they are," Robbie agreed, sounding very satisfied.

I don't think they had coordinated, they hadn't had time, but Robbie and Tami complimented each other. Robbie's dress was a vivid blue, while Tami's was a bright red in a similar style. I almost wished I'd gone all white, but I wore a light blue sport shirt and jeans.

The dance was typical middle school. The gym was decorated in streamers and posters, though we did have a disco ball suspended from the ceiling that somebody had donated years ago.

The band, a local high school group, was playing a slow dance when we walked in, so I parked Tami in a chair and took Robbie out on the dance floor. I guess I'm old-fashioned, but I like the slower dances where I actually get to touch my partner. Of course, back in the fourth grade when I'd learned, I thought it was torture.

Robbie was a good dancer. Which was no surprise. If there was anything Robbie wasn't good at, I hadn't discovered it yet. And she felt good in my arms as I held her close.

From the looks we were getting from Mr. Parker, the vice-principal, too close. But the student handbook didn't specify a distance for dancing, so I ignored him. But I wouldn't be surprised if next year's handbook didn't fix the omission. Do you measure from the thighs? The hips? Or the chests? Maybe take an average of all three. I could see Parker wandering the dance floor with a tape measure and a calculator.

The song ended and the band started another slow one, so I exchanged Robbie for Tami. Tami wasn't as sure of herself as Robbie, but she was a good dancer anyway. Especially when she forgot about trying to dance and just let the music take over.

Robbie lost no time in finding another partner, a seventh grader who'd been leaning against the wall, trying to be invisible. A couple of minutes in Robbie's arms and the kid looked like Casanova. Damn, I love her.

The next song was faster, so I brought Tami over to the side and sat down. Tami hesitated, then plopped down on my leg. A minute later, Robby joined us, sitting in the chair next to me. "I got dumped," she said and pointed.

Somehow I doubted that, but followed her finger. The kid was dancing with Mikee. Sometimes I forgot that Mikee was a seventh grader herself now. Tami and I exchanged a glance and laughed.

"What?" Robbie demanded.

"Inside joke," I said, patting her thigh.

Robbie fumed for a second, then nodded.

We sat and watched the dance.

"I'm not sure this is appropriate."

I looked up. Mr. Parker was standing next to us.

"I, uh..."

"She's just sitting on his leg. Lots of couples are doing it," Robbie spoke up. I looked around and she was right. "There aren't enough chairs," she continued. "Even Mrs. Richland is doing it." Sure enough, Mrs. Richland, the home ec teacher, was sitting on her husbands leg.

"I wasn't referring to that," he said with such obvious distaste that I wondered if anybody had sat on his lap, ever. "I meant bringing two girls to the dance."

I considered saying that I was a Mormon, but since I'd heard that Parker was Mormon, I bit my tongue.

"I wasn't aware that the handbook required monogamy," I said.

"Mr. Sims, your attitudes have already gotten you trouble this year."

I considered pointing out that my attitudes may have gotten me into trouble, but I hadn't stayed in trouble very long.

Grandpappy used to say, "No sense opening your mouth and starting a war you can't win, when keeping it closed works just as well." I smiled.

"What's wrong with it?" Robbie wanted to know, getting up and settling on my other leg.

"It just doesn't look right."

"Has somebody complained?" My bud Luke was here with Allie Smidt or he probably would have, saying I had more than my share.

"That's not the point."

"I guess I don't understand the point." I did my best to look confused. "It's not against the rules in the handbook and nobody's complained. What's the problem?"

Parker had one of those veins in her forehead that throbbed when he was annoyed. It was doing a mambo right now."

"Appearances. Don't you care about appearances?"

"Not a lot. Would you really want me to chose between two beautiful ladies like this?"

Parker looked like he wanted to use my boney butt for field goal practice.

"Confidentially," Robbie whispered. "He's just the beard."

"The beard?"

"Yeah. I'm here with Tami." Then she leaned over and planted a kiss on Tami's lips. Tami turned scarlet but didn't pull away. Parker stomped off.

"The truth comes out," I said in my saddest voice. "Would you two like to be alone?"

"Yes," Tami said quickly, then put her hands on Robbie's shoulders and returned the kiss.

Payback is a bitch.

