Head-to-Toe Check Up

written by Jimbo

The following is a completely fictitious tale of a boy and a man engaging in a sexual relationship. none of the details or situations are true. Enjoy.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

There I was, in my office, staring out the window, bored, so bored I could have screamed bloody murder. My boyfriend was talking about unimportant shit over the phone again. It's funny how some days can begin one way and end another.

My name is Dr. Thomas, I'm a middle-aged gay man. I have a good job, nice home, and a boyfriend in his 30's, almost half my age. 

But there I was, going through the same routine, bored. That's all my life was, boredom.

The nurse came in, and told me my next appointment was waiting for me, so I politely told my boyfriend I had to go. We said our 'I love you's', and I just sighed as I hung up. I didn't even believe myself anymore.

I checked the chart, a young boy, by the name of Timmy. Barely turned 9 years old. Just there for a check up. His mother was the paranoid type.

Just before I went in she stopped me. With a meek look, she said to me, "I want you to check for everything! Mumps, measels, everything! Every inch of him, from head to toes". I could see a look of distraught in her face. I have seen these types before. I knew from there, I had to at least kill one hour, to get this crazy lady off my back. I remember thinking, `it's going to be one of those days again....'

I walked into the examination room, the last one at the end of the hall. Maybe I walked in too early, or maybe I was just lucky, because as I was walked in the boy was still undressing and putting on his robe.

He was adorable. One of those little blond bowl haircuts, blue eyes, dimples and tiny freckles under his eyes. He was lite skin, thin, so thin you could see his hips and rib cage poking out. Short, even for his age. And a nice little round tush. 'Maybe this day wasn't going to be so bad after all' I thought.

I only saw him from behind, he didn't even flinch when I walked in. Almost as if he was used to it. Completley naked, from head to toe, at least I got a little bit of eye candy. He finished putting on his robe. And we began.

"My name is Dr. Thomas", I said to him, "And we're going to give you a complete body examination. Don't be scared, okay?" "I'm not scared" he said. He sat there on the examination table, smiling that gorgous little smile.

It all started innocently enough, checking reflexes, joints, spine, no big whoop.

Then I asked him, "Have you felt anything painful or strange with your body?" He sat there, thinking for a second, pondering in that little mind of his. All I could think of was the way he anxiously opened and closed his legs. I swear I wanted to pretend to drop my pen so I could sneak a peak.

"Well, there IS this one thing" he said, "It happened last time I was playing with my uncle Randy". He had my attention. "What is it?" I asked. "We were playing tickle-fight, he was winning, then he did something and something else happened" he answered.

He had my full attention. "What happened?" I asked. I could tell he was nervous all of a sudden. I assured him, "Don't worry, what ever is said or done in here is just between you and me. I promise". He started to lighten up, but I could tell it wasn't enough.

I walked over to the door and locked it. This put him at ease, and I have to admit, made me feel naughty in a way I hadn't felt in a while.

"It's gonna sound weird!" he said. I told him, "that's okay. I'm a doctor." Finally he said, "okay.... well, it's when he tickled me... on the bottom of my feet!" "....okay" I responded, really wasn't sure where it was going. "He tickled my feet and it got up!" he said. "It got up?" I asked. "Yeah.... IT!" I was really confused, then he made it all clear... "my pee pee!" he said. "Oh! Wow.... umm..." I said nervously.

Now I know I shouldn't have, but.....

"Well, let's take a look", I said.

I ask him to take off that blue paper-like robe. Lucky for me the stirrups were still in place and he put both feet in them, making his legs spread nice and wide.

"I need to see it first when it's normal, okay?" and he said "Okay!" with no worry what so ever. I leaned in close and examined that flacid little pecker. It was so cute, like a tiny elephant trunk. Uncut, pink, hairless, with puffy tight balls, still not ready to drop. I could smell it, it was nice and clean, fresh from a recent bath.

Trying to keep my composure, I said to him, "That's very nice, Timmy. Now you said it was when your feet were tickled that something happened to your penis?" "Yes!" he said, "It was weird! It was like it was angry. It felt all hot and hard!" He obviously didn't know what had happened. But I would soon show him.

"Okay, well, let's see what we got here..." I said as I adjusted the stirrups, higher and more spread. His ankles resting in them, showing off his pink tiny little soles. His toes wiggling, soles wrinkled, almost as if they were inviting me. 

I started to lightly tickle his feet, slidding my fingers up and down his soles. They were so soft and smooth, cold to the touch. He quietly giggled. For a second I thought he had just been messing with me, until I saw it... there it was, slowly growing, his tiny penis, started to grow and pulse. The more I tickled those tiny soft feet the harder he got, mushroom head was even able to poke out, just a peak from the foreskin.

"Hmm, interesting. Let me try something..." I said to him, trying to sound professional, trying to hide my own hard throbbing cock in my pants.

With my index finger and thumb I pulled down his foreskin, completely exposing his head. He lightly moaned and was shocked to see his penis that way, I guess he'd never actually seen it with the skin pulled back. I continued tickling those feet.

His toes curled, his soles had wrinkled, I took that as a sign he was enjoying himself. Before I knew it, his tip had filled up with bubbly watery pre-cum.

"Is that normal?" he innocently asked. "Depends" I answered. "Depends on what?" he asked. "On it's consistancy. But don't worry, there's a simple test for that..."

There was no turning back at that point. I had to have him. So I began my `Test'.

I continued to tickle him, as I used the other hand to spread his legs more to make room for my head. I bent down and got face to face with that tiny dick. Now, my boyfriend was young, well endowed, but this little piece of meat was so smooth and eager, that size didn't matter. I was going to deep throat that tiny two inch penis and make this boy into a man.

Without a second thought, I went down on him. Sucked on his pulsing little dick like my life depended on it. Slurped it up and down, drooling down to his taint, sucked so far down I was sucking up his hairless little sack with each slurp. At that point he was holding on to his curled toes and spreading his legs for me. He moaned with each attempt to swallow his dick whole. It tasted so fresh, like lite vanilla.

That's when there was a knock at the door. I got up quickly. I could hear the nurse on the other side of the door, "Doctor, is everything alright in there? Did you need any assistance?" 

I tried to catch my breath and calm myself, but his tiny feet flirtatiously rubbing up and down my shirt wasn't helping. I took one foot and started to suck on those tiny toes, he gasped, he was so turned on.

"No, dear." I said to the nurse, "we're all set in here." 

Took the other foot and licked that wrinkled sole and gave him a tickle he would feel right down to his tight little asshole., and I got to admit... yummy.

"Alright doctor, call if you need anything", The nurse said as she walked away, leaving me to go back to my new favorite chew toy.

Back to eating some boy dick. Maybe it was the toe sucking, or maybe it was the sole licking, but only a few more slurp and he started to convulse, his hips humped, his legs got all goosebumpy and then a sudden burst of flavor in my mouth. 

pre-pubecent cum is the sweetest cum of all.

He layed there for a second, trying to stop himself from shaking, but there was no time, I wasn't finsihed with him yet.

I turned him around, so that he was on his hands and knees. Toes still curled, he arched his back. He looked so good, with his skinny little body and perky ass.

"Is this another test?" he asked. "Oh yes!" I answered, "a very important test!"

I spread those cheeks and saw that pink little hole that seemed to pucker, like tight lips. It was as pink as his soles, like candy. I had to find out if it tasted as sweet.

I licked that thing like it was covered in honey. It was so clean and smooth, made my mouth water. I lubed up that pink tiny asshole so much I was able to easily slide my tongue right in there.

In and out, in and out. 

I made sure to keep tickling him, it seemed to really loosen him up. That's when I made the discovery... looking at that pink hole I noticed certain details I had seen before. Details I had seen on other men, there was a reason my tongue slid so easily in.

Now maybe it was his own doing, or maybe his Uncle's tickle time went a little further than he lead to believe, but one thing was for sure... this hole had been used. it was still tight, but slightly stretched, and I knew it could fit more then a tongue in there.

I brought over a stepping stool to get a better angle. I dropped my pants to my ankles. I spit on my hard cut cock and took one last breath before the plunge.

Sliding it in wasn't as easy as i thought it was going to be, but it went in so good. He groaned in some discomfort, but a few little feet-tickles and he barely even noticed.

I started thrusting slowly, didn't want to hurt the boy. He felt so amazing, so tight, but slid so easily. Every few minutes I'd go faster. I could feel my big balls slapping against his tiny pink balls. I held on to those hips, looking at those plump little ass cheeks. He moaned and moaned, and I went even faster. Oh God, he was so sweet.

In and out, in and out, in and out....

Just as I could feel the load building, he looked back and said "are you gonna cream yet?"

"Mm, I'm about to, my boy..." I said to him. 

"Stop!" he said, as he pulled away. What was he doing?

He pushed me back, I stepped off the stool, and sweetly he said to me. "I like to swallow".

On his knees he started to suck on my cock. Didn't even care that this big cock was in his asshole a few seconds ago, he sucked it and sucked it. For such a small boy he sure went down deep on that thing, went right down his throat without even a gag.

He sucked on that cock like it was a lollipop. And a few minutes later I screamed, "here it comes... here it comes.... get ready... `cause here it comes......" 

He kept that thing in his mouth as I shot a pint load of cum. Even when it was too much and a burst of my white boy candy shot out his mouth he still had a smile on his face, a cute innocent cum covered smile, still dripping from his chin.

I pulled up my pants, I offered him some paper towels but all he said was, "no, I'm okay. ooh look there's more!" He looked down and saw some cum on his toes, he sat on the floor, completely naked, and started to suck his toes, enjoying every drop of my cum.

I loved that boy!

All dressed, I walked him back to his mother. She asked me, "So? Whats the diagnosis?" "Well, I think there are a few more test that need to be done... important tests!" I said, "Some long examinations, maybe even a few photos taken, for testing purposes of course. But I think you might have to bring him in at least twice a week for about two-- no, make it three months!"

Of course she agreed. And as they walked out I gave little Timmy a wink and he gave me a wink back. It's going to be an interesting next few months.

THE END

written by Jimbo
Sept. 2014


*For More Taboo Tales Go To- http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/TabooTeller4U/