First of all I'd like to introduce myself to you, my name is Seaman. I 
am living in Kerala. I am too a regular visitor of Kerala Erotica and 
like this site very much.

We are two brothers and one sister living in a combined family system, 
sister is younger than me and brother is older than me and married, he 
is also living with us with his wife, her name is Rajasree and she is a 
dynamite, it all happen to me when my brother got a job abroad and he 
left for Saudi Arabia just after 3 months after his marriage. He was not 
willing to go but our economical situation was not very good and in 
order to support his family he had to go. 

As I already told you that we were living together, we have two 
portions in our house upper one is where my brother and his wife use to live 
and we have our rooms down stairs. My Ettathi (wife of my brother) is 
very beautiful, cheerful and nice lady, she was very frank with me and 
use to spend time with me chatting , or watching movies sometimes and all 
that, it was quite normal and I never thought anything wrong about our 
relationship.

After the departure of my brother for two or three months Rajasree 
spent time very normally, but after that I noticed that she use to stare at 
me and started giving me mysterious smiles, I thought it was my doubt, 
but then one day I noticed that she is taking interest in me in a 
special way, she use to call me upstairs very often, and use to offer me 
food , drinks and other such things and love to sit near me , and tried 
not to miss any opportunity to have physical contact with me. I started 
getting aroused by such gestures from her and started looking her in a 
special way, she was gorgeous with a beautiful 36C size pair of tits, 
very tight and nice ass and white complexion with long legs and flat 
tummy. Most of the time she use to sit in front of me intentionally moving 
her saree to expose her bulging out breasts. 

I started masturbating a lot thinking about her, one night my parents 
were out to visit our relatives and I was with my sister there, and our 
Ettathi. My sister was chatting on telephone with her friend in another 
room , and I was sitting with Rajasree in drawing room and watching TV 
when suddenly power went out, and we both stood up to get candle and 
match box, and during our struggle, we banged in each other, I tried to 
get away but she held my hand and started to caress it.

I was nervous in the start, but then I also got confidence and grabbed 
her from behind and rubbed my now hard cock on her ass, she was also 
hot now , and she forced back, to get more contact, I silently kissed her 
neck from behind and put my hands on her belly , and she turned her 
face and kissed me on lips , I got out of control and started kissing her 
neck, face , lips like mad. She started moaning and placed my hands on 
her rock hard tits , it felt so good that I threw her on the sofa and 
started moving my hand from her face to her legs and when I tried to 
touch her inside her thighs, she placed my hand on her pussy , from above 
her saree. 

It was the greatest feeling of my life, and I placed my hand under her 
jacket and touched her tits above her bra, I wanted to put off her 
clothes , but she remind me that my sister was at home and power can be 
back any moment too !!! 

So we decided to put it till next time and started kissing and hugging 
eachother, suddenly my sister called from other room , and we departed 
and I lit the candle. 

Then my sister came and we were sitting there, Rajasree was looking at 
me with strange smile and happiness, it went like this for a few days 
and we didn't get any chance for real action, except kissing, and 
hugging each other when nobody is around, like in kitchen and out side 
bathroom etc. But we both were looking for something more , and we eventually 
planned for it, we all have to go to a wedding ceremony one day and she 
decided that she'll refuse to go there making any lame excuse and 
she'll stay at home, and I must come home before my parents or something 
like this , anyway we went to wedding ceremony, and the ceremony was 
dragging as usual, so I told my parents that I have a friend very near to 
the wedding hall, and I'll be back before the the funtion starts.

So I quickly got a Taxi and reached my home , Rajasree was waiting for 
me , and as soon as I entered the home , she started kissing me , and I 
lifted her in my arms and took her to my bedroom, she was wearing a 
light pink transparent nightie and black bra under it , and looking 
stunning. Now without wasting any time I put off her nightie and mine too, I 
was shocked to see her huge tits.

I unhooked her bra and those beautiful tits were in my hand , I felt 
her nipples getting hard by the touch of my fingers, I started kissing 
her and moving my hand down to her petticoat, and I opened her pavada 
(petticoat) too, she was not wearing anything underneath, so I placed my 
hand on her pussy lips, she opened her legs a bit to give me full access 
to her pretty pussy, I parted her pussy lips with my fingers and placed 
a finger inside , she stooped kissing me and started moaning, she 
closed her eyes and gave me a huge hug, pressing my chest against her bare 
tits , I felt her hard nipples against my cheat and then she garbed my 
hard cock in her hand and asked me to take it out of my petticoat, I did 
it within no time and she sat down on her knees and started sucking my 
cock, It was my very first experience and I was on seventh heaven.

I placed my hands on her head and she started giving me a great sucking 
, then I after some time she asked me to kiss her pussy lips , I had no 
experience but have seen in movies , so I stared kissing and sucking 
her down there, she was out of control now , screaming and asked me to 
lick her pussy and to put my tongue inside , I did the same and she was 
calling me kuttaaaaa, mooneeee, and kissing me , I was enjoying her 
sounds. Then I placed my rock hard cock on her pussy lips and rubbed it on 
them , she asked me to fuck her quickly, and to give all my cock to 
her, I put it in, with a strong thrust and it was very tight, I had to 
thrust even harder to enter her pussy.

She was screaming loudly, "oh, aammeee , aah, ooooooohhhhhaaaaa", and I 
was enjoying all tis.

Then suddenly I felt that I was coming so took my cock out and came all 
over her tits and belly.

She opened her eyes and gave me a big smile and said , "hey yours is 
bigger than Ettan's one, and more pleasureable, I want u more and more".

She look very sexy with her drowsy eyes looking hungrily at me. I 
really wanted to fuck her again. But my parents will be waiting at the 
wedding hall. She went to bath room and I also cleaned up and put on my 
clothes, and I left the home after giving her a full kiss on her lips and 
promised her to fuck her again very soon. 

After that day I have fucked her for a dozen times so far and we are 
still enjoying all this (including yesterday night), but she'll be going 
to Saudi Arabia very soon to live with my brother, I'll miss her very 
badly.

