Adults only, no prudes.  If you don't like sex stories containing people
engaging in weird perversions, or you can't separate truth from fiction,
get lost.  The author does not advocate or condone anything that goes on
in this story.

This story is mine.  You can repost it or archive it only if 1) you
don't change it, 2) my name and this disclaimer remain attached, and 3)
you aren't making money off it.  That includes posting it on some
slimeball banner farm web site.  Yes, that means you!

You know the drill: If you like it, let me know.  You can find this and
other stories of mine in the following archives:

www.asstr.org/~Richard_Bissell
www.asstr.org/~MichaelD/
www.storiesonline.net (under authors, MichaelD38)

Overall Story Codes: Mf, MFf, Mm+/f, teen, bdsm, humil, mast, piercing,
oral, anal, gangbang

AMBER: THE MAKING OF A FUCK TOY

(C)opyright 2000 by Richard Bissell

---

Chapter 14.

The rave was being held at someone's farm about 70 miles to the north.
Jessica took the passenger seat to navigate; Meredith and Amber sat in
the back with Cindy in the middle.  They made her take her top off and
amused themselves for much of the trip by slapping her big tits back and
forth or playing with her new nipple rings.

As we got close to our destination, Jessica passed out the Ecstasy.  I
demurred, but Meredith and Amber both took some.  Cindy took hers
without complaint, especially after Jessica assured her that it would
make her work tonight a lot easier.

After following a succession of narrow farm roads, we turned off onto a
dirt trail between a couple of fields.  In the distance, about a mile
away, I could see lights flashing around a barn and a couple of silos.
A car turned in behind us about a minute later.

Halfway down the road, two guys stopped our car to get the cover fee for
the five of us.  Jessica knew one of them and tossed a greeting through
the window.  We parked amongst the other cars behind the barn and got
out.

The rave was being held in what amounted to an empty field, but the
set-up looked professional.  There were multicolored dance lights around
the perimeter and a big DJ table set up along the barn.  There were
already a lot of kids there, swaying to the loud, thumping music, many
of them waving glow sticks around in the darkness.

I also saw a lot of kids wearing surgical masks and nudged Jessica,
raising my eyebrows.  She laughed at me.

"They're rolling.  On E.  The masks have got Vicks Vapo-Rub in them.  It
intensifies the high."

I looked at the other girls, seeing faces beginning to glaze over.
Cindy was worst, face flushed even in the darkness, nipples poking
through her halter top.

Meredith took my arm, leaning against me, giggling.

"So what are we going to do with her?"

"Nothing yet.  Let's just enjoy ourselves first."

We plunged into the dance pit, and I quickly got into the scene, though
I had never been to one of these before.  The girls were dancing around
randomly, and at one point Meredith and Amber came together in a deep
kiss.  Jessica saw them, laughed, and kissed me, then Cindy, who had
lost her agitation and seemed hornier than ever.  Jessica stuck her hand
under Cindy's skirt and openly masturbated her.  The kids around us just
watched and grinned, equally under the influence.

Jessica started moving through the crowd, fondling people at random, and
no one seemed to mind.  A few minutes later, she took her top off and
began dancing topless, making the dragon on her back writhe and dance
with her.  Cindy had been hanging close to me, and when I saw Jessica's
display, I told her to follow suit.  She did.  Fogged with Ecstasy and
lust, she joined Jessica in the middle of the pit, big tits bouncing
with the music.  I watched the two women kissing and fondling each
other.  Another girl I didn't recognize joined them, then another.  Soon
there were half a dozen girls dancing around topless as the other
partygoers hooted and cheered.

Meredith and Amber had appeared at my side, flushed and sweaty from
dancing. Amber had somehow acquired a pair of cheap plastic bead
necklaces.

"What do you think, Mr. B?  Is this wild or what?"

"I like it."

"I think it's time for Cindy to put out."

I nodded.

"Yeah.  Go get them."

They waded into the dance pit, and though it took a minute or two, they
returned with the other two women.  Behind them, they left the mosh pit
of tits Jessica had started.  A few guys had plunged into the mix, and I
watched the girls laughing and pulling the boys' clothes off.

I took Cindy's arm and led the rest of them toward the barn.

"You're on.  Are you ready?"

She nodded rapidly.  Inside the barn, we found several knots of kids
making out, spacing out on various pharmaceuticals, or both.  I led
Cindy to a dark stall and the other three girls circled around us.

"Okay.  Here's how it's going to go," I said.  "You three are going to
fetch people for us, however you feel like doing it.  Cindy is going to
stay here and give out as many blow jobs as she has to."

"What about you, Mr. B?" Meredith asked.

"I'm just going to stay here and watch.  So Cindy won't be completely
alone."

"Cool."

They disappeared, and I had Cindy kneel on the floor of the stall.  She
was still topless, and her big breasts heaved with her labored
breathing.  The stall had a low shelf along the back, which I now sat
on.

"How many men have you fucked in your life before tonight?"

She gulped.

"Four.  Including you."

I laughed softly.

"Will probably be a hundred and four after tonight.  At least."

She shuddered, but stayed put.

The first victim appeared quickly, following Jessica's lead.  I heard
him muttering something like, "Is this a joke?" before she led him into
the stall.  It was a kid of maybe sixteen, wearing a tank-top, baggy
jeans, and a look of disbelief.  Then he saw Cindy kneeling before him
and his jaw dropped.

"Holy shit."

"Drop your pants," I said.  "Make yourself at home."

Struggling with his jeans, he got his cock out in about five seconds.
Cindy took it and began blowing him without preliminaries.

As Jessica watched, grinning evilly, his legs began to shake.

"Oh, fuck.  Oh, fuck."

It was over in less than fifteen seconds, and he came violently into
Cindy's mouth.  Then he withdrew, staggering backwards, dick dribbling
come, shiny in the dim light.  Another kid had already appeared with
Meredith.  He took one look at the scene before him and whipped out his
cock.  Cindy took him in his mouth and began to bob slowly.

As I had expected, it took all of five minutes for the news of this
undertaking to spread through the entire party.  We soon had a long line
of guys waiting for bjs.  Other kids filled the stalls on either side of
us, watching and laughing as Cindy sucked off this endless succession of
cocks.  She soon had come all over her face, in her hair, splattered all
over her tits.  I stopped her when she made a half-hearted attempt to
wipe some of it off.  She was swallowing each load per my instructions,
but a lot of it got loose.

Small cocks, medium cocks, cocks so big she could hardly get them in her
mouth.  Cindy sucked them all.  I watched one guy spurt such a big load
in her mouth that most of it squirted out around her lips and dribbled
all over her jutting breasts.  Another pulled out early and deliberately
came in her face, smearing her chin and cheeks with sperm.

After the twentieth guy, a girl appeared at the head of the line.  She
looked Cindy over in amazement.

"Does she, you know, eat pussy too?" she asked me.

"Yes.  Help yourself."

The girl was wearing a short skirt, and she hiked it up and dropped her
panties.  The audience howled in approval as Cindy took the girl's pussy
in her mouth and began to lick.  The girl came with a shriek about three
or four minutes later.

As the girl left, Meredith jumped the line and took her place, dropping
her pants and pulling Cindy's face into her shaved crotch.  When Cindy
had gotten her off, loudly and enthusiastically, Meredith went behind
Cindy, yanked up her skirt, and masturbated her from behind.  Cindy's
pussy was so wet her thighs were glistening with fluid, and Meredith got
her off in about ten seconds.

On and on it went.  Cindy serviced Jessica a few minutes later, and
Jessica proved to have a shaved pussy like her sister.  Amber came into
the stall and sat beside me, watching raptly.  Her nipples were like
little rocks, threatening to pop through the spandex of her top.

"Thinking about your gangbang?" I asked softly as Cindy swallowed up yet
another cock.  Amber nodded, slipping her hand into mine.

"What are you going to do?"

"It won't be like this.  Not this open and cheap.  Something more
private."

"Who are they going to be?"

In front of us, the guy in Cindy's mouth came with a grunt.  I watched
his balls throb, pumping sperm down her throat.

"I'll tell you when the time comes.  But your identity will be
protected.  I'm going to make sure of that.  I'm getting you a big face
mask so they won't be able to recognize you afterward.  You won't see
them; they won't see you."

She nodded again, pensively.

"Thanks."

More girls showed up to get eaten out, to the delight of the spectators.
 Jessica climbed up on the stall railing and began providing a loud
play-by-play for all the kid who couldn't see.  The sound of it seemed
to inspire Cindy even more.  About every five or ten bjs, Meredith or
Jessica would stop things and masturbate Cindy again.  By this point,
Cindy was effectively naked except for a coating of semen splattered
across the front of her body.

More than one guy asked if he could fuck her, but I denied them.  This
blow-job-fest was enough for tonight.

I lost count after about fifty people, but it went on for at least an
hour afterward.  I began seeing people coming back for seconds.  Past
two o'clock, people began losing interest, and it finally petered out
around two-thirty.  As near as I could tell, Cindy had serviced just
about every kid at the party, a lot of them more than once.  She
collapsed on the stall floor in exhaustion as Meredith got her a bucket
of water to clean up.

As Cindy began cleaning the come from her body, Jessica sat down next to
me and Amber.

"You guys sure know how to party.  How did you ever find her?"

"Long story," I said.

"You never did anything with her."

"I like to watch these things rather than really participate."

She looked me up and down.

"You're not one of those guys who just watches and never does anything?"

Meredith laughed.

"No way."

Jessica looked at Meredith, then back at me.  I don't know how she
hadn't made the connection before now, but she did then.  A grin spread
over her face.

"You fucked my little sister?"

"A couple of times," Meredith said.  "He's pretty good."

I could see the wheels turning in Jessica's head, but she said nothing
else.  We watched Cindy, weary and bruised, getting dressed again.  She
staggered to her feet, eyes still glazed over from the drugs and the
sex.

"You're good," Jessica said.  "I don't think I could ever do that many
people at once."

"Thanks," said Cindy hoarsely.

---

We drove home.  Cindy passed out in exhaustion on the way back, and
Amber and Meredith chatted quietly about school.  Jessica sat beside me
picking idly at strands of lint on the car seat.

"You know . . ." she began.

"What?"

"Don't take this the wrong way, but when I saw you, I thought you were
kind of a scrub.  Not somebody who would ever do something like this.
Just a dumb jock.  I mean, really don't take this the wrong way, you are
cute, but you've kind of got that look."

"I know."

"But that's not who you are."

"No.  As you saw."

"I've done it with more than one person before.  But that . . . God.
I've never done anything like that.  Ever."

"Seemed like you enjoyed yourself."

She nodded.  She was quiet a moment.

"My sister and Amber are fucking."

"Yes."

"And you're fucking them."

"Yes.  Mostly Amber, but yes."

"So where does Cindy fit in to this?"

"She's our fuck toy.  This gangbang was Meredith's idea, actually."

She nodded again.  She said nothing more until we got back.

---

Cindy left when we got home, staggering out to her car in a daze.  It
was very late by now, almost four a.m., and I fell asleep on the couch
in the basement as the girls showed Jessica the little dungeon we had
built.

I awoke to someone sucking my cock.  I groped clumsily at the head in my
lap, feeling long hair that was not Amber's.

I opened my eyes.  It was Jessica, topless, bobbing slowly up and down
on my erection.  Across the room, Amber and Meredith were asleep in each
other's arms on the floor, clothes in disarray.

Jessica looked up at me, watching my reaction.  Keeping her mouth locked
on my dick, she began undressing.  As soon as she was naked, she climbed
onto my lap and sat down slowly, swallowing me into her bald pussy.

I fondled her full breasts and pierced nipples as she rode me, looking
over at Amber.

"She and Mere were making out for a while after you passed out on us,"
Jessica said softly.

"And you?"

"I watched.  I was waiting for you to wake up."  She squeezed me with
her inner muscles.  "I finally decided not to wait anymore."

We rolled onto the floor after a minute or two.  Jessica wound up on top
again.  The two girls were only a few feet away now.  Jessica leaned
back, taking me completely inside herself, rolling her hips back and
forth.

When I looked over at Amber again a minute later, she was awake.
Watching us.  She untangled herself slowly from Meredith, who remained
asleep, and sat up.  She disrobed slowly and crawled over next to us.

Jessica leaned over, putting her hand behind Amber's head, and pulled
her close to kiss her.  Amber returned the kiss, cupping Jessica's left
tit in her hand.  Jessica continued fucking me, and now made out with
Amber at the same time.

I reached out to stroke Amber's butt, and when she looked down at me, I
motioned for her to sit on my face.  She did, facing Jessica, and
dropped her bald, pierced pussy onto my mouth.  The two girls embraced,
kissing and fondling each other's pierced nipples.  Jessica began to
moan softly, riding me faster.  Amber rubbed her clit against my mouth
as I pummeled her with my tongue.

I felt Jessica's pussy begin to pulse around me as she approached
orgasm.  Suddenly I felt something between us, and I looked out from
between Amber's thighs to see Amber fingering Jessica as she rode me.
Finally Jessica let out a soft cry, drove herself down on my cock and
Amber's fingers, and came hard.  Amber began to shake and quiver over my
mouth, and she came shortly afterward.

I don't know when she had awoken, but I realized Meredith was kneeling
beside us.  Jessica rose off my cock, and then Meredith threw a leg over
my waist, taking her place.  Meredith and Amber were soon making out
again as I fucked up at Meredith.  I was getting close myself, thrusting
upwards at her.  Meredith came, and Amber came again, throwing herself
to the side as it peaked.  Jessica, laughing, took her place, and now I
had both sisters at once, one on my cock and one on my mouth.  It was
enough to send me over the edge, and I spurted violently into Meredith,
all the pent-up energy of the night blowing free at once.  I came so
hard my head spun.  Meredith and Jessica fell together on top of me,
giggling, and Amber piled on top of us.

I lay still, resting.  Someone was sucking my cock again.  This time it
_was_ Amber, cleaning up the accumulated come, male and female, all over
me.  Jessica squirmed around to lick my right nipple, and Meredith
quickly copied her.  With that kind of attention, I regained my erection
quickly, and began fucking Amber in earnest.  Meredith and Jessica took
turns sitting on Amber's face as I fucked her, each getting off in turn.
 I kept fucking Amber until I came, dick burning with the effort as
Amber got off herself.

By now it was nearly dawn, but the girls were still not sated.  Amber
and Jessica wound up sixty-nining each other as Meredith idly sucked my
cock, rubbing her tongue stud back and forth over me.  When she had it
erect again, a while later, I fucked Jessica from behind as Amber ate
her from below.  Meredith then stood over her sister so I could eat her
as I fucked Jessica, and the four of us managed to get off together.
Having come with all three of them, I then collapsed into my own bed
upstairs.  Amber came with me while Meredith and Jessica slept in the
basement.

---

I woke up around two.  Amber was still asleep beside me, curled up
against my chest.  I played idly with strands of her blonde hair, images
from the previous night spinning through my head.  Not too long from
now, it would be Amber where Cindy had been, fucking and sucking the
football team, taking their cocks up her ass and their come in her face.
 I had woken up with an erection, and it got even harder as I though of
what she would do, so hard it hurt.

Could she do it?  Would she?  I had no real doubt in my mind about that
now, not after watching her watching Cindy last night.  She wanted to be
where Cindy was.  Had I told her to take Cindy's place, she probably
would have.

No.  She _would_ have done it.  She would have stood up and shoved Cindy
aside to suck that parade of cocks without a moment's hesitation.  I had
seen that in her eyes.  She wanted it as bad as I did.

Maybe more.

She stirred beside me, waking.  She snuggled against my shoulder.

"Mmm."

I rolled over, taking her in my arms.

"It's almost two.  You might want to call your folks."

She moaned in displeasure.

"No.  I told them I was going straight from Mere's to school.  For our
thing."

"Oh."

She found my cock, squeezing it.

"Fuck me."

She dove under the sheets, taking my erection in her mouth, sucking it
hard, forcing it down her throat.  For the first time, she managed to
swallow the entire length, getting her nose down to my balls.  I
groaned, groping at her head.  She bobbed rapidly, for nearly a minute,
keeping most of it in her throat and pulling back only to catch her
breath.  After three times that morning, it took a while for my balls to
wake up, but she managed to do it.

Then she was up, on me, enveloping me, swallowing me up.  Her face was a
mask of lust, filled with a predatory gleam I had never seen before.
She squeezed me with her pussy, so hard it hurt.

I groaned, arching my back.

"Do you like that?"

I groaned again, incapable of speech.

"It's those fucking balls you make me carry around.  I think I could
open a beer bottle with my pussy now."

She did it again, almost pinching it off.  I grabbed at her hips,
throwing her to the side, rolling on top of her.  I tried to withdraw,
but I couldn't do it.  She was squeezing me too hard.  Spots appeared
before my eyes.

She pulled me down and licked my ear.

"I'm your fuck toy.  This is what you've made me into.  Like it?"

Like it?  I lost it.  I fucked her like a wild animal, driving into her
so hard I must have hurt her, but she took it all.  Her pussy pulsed
around me like a vibrator, pinching the head of my cock every time I
pulled out.  She came with a shriek, limbs flailing, then clamped down
so hard she pinched off my incipient orgasm.  I came, but my sperm could
not flow out of me.  My head spun.

I lost control of my body.  My conscious mind dissolved into a fog of
sex.  I didn't come back to earth until I realized I had collapsed on
top of Amber, both of us gasping for breath, chests heaving.

I rolled off of her, staring at the ceiling, feeling the sweat cooling
on my forehead.

Amber sat up slowly, pushing her long blonde hair back over her head.

"God.  That hurt.  I'm going to be walking bow-legged."

"Ungh."

She giggled weakly and fell across my chest.

"Fuck.  Fuck," I gasped.

"Toy," she giggled.  "Fuck toy.  Yours.  Your fuck toy."

I slid my arms around her, still shaking.

---

-To be continued.-

---

Amber: The Making of a Fuck Toy
Copyright 2000 by Richard Bissell
Free redistribution permitted; no commercial use without authorization.

-- 
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all rights
reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.
+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| alt.sex.stories.moderated ----- send stories to: <story-submit@asstr.org> |
| FAQ: <http://assm.asstr.org/faq.html>  Moderator: <story-admin@asstr.org> |
+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|Archive: <http://assm.asstr.org> Hosted by Alt.Sex.Stories Text Repository |
|<http://www.asstr.org>, an entity supported entirely by donations.         |
+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+

