Cassandra [ MF FF bdsm? inc? ]
By Crimson Dragon (dcrimson@yahoo.com)


"Do you want to fuck me?" she asked quietly from the dark leather chair where
she was seated. She'd been sitting silently, relaxed, just watching him for 
some time before she finally spoke.

He sat safely behind his oversized desk and looked at her. Petite. Long blonde
hair. Her legs tucked under herself. She possessed the most kissable lips that
he could ever remember seeing. She was barely out of her teens. Her dazzling 
blue eyes were fixed upon his face. She exuded sexuality. He wasn't surprised
by her question. He was surprised by his immediate response. Yes. Of course, 
he wanted her; anyone would.

Instead, he answered her in a quiet and thoughtful voice, "Sarah. That 
isn't why you are here. And you know it."

Joyce Moore had referred this girl to him about a month ago. She was deeply 
troubled, had violent behaviour, and was extremely anti-social. Joyce had 
cautioned him before he had seen the girl for the first time. Sarah had 
problems in her past that Joyce hadn't been able to uncover. She no longer 
felt comfortable treating Sarah; no further explanation given. She had warned 
him about Sarah and her techniques of avoidance. This was the first time Sarah 
had been so blatant with him. She hadn't given any indication at all of her 
sexuality up until this point. In fact, she'd seemed almost shy of discussing
anything to do with sex. He wondered if it was a good sign or a bad one.

The girl leaned forward with her steady gaze still fixed on his face. Her
lovely lips moved forming the dangerous words, "You want to fuck me. I can 
see it in your eyes. I see a lot. You can have me, you know."

He swallowed hard. "Sarah. Let's get back on track here. Okay?"

The lithe girl pursed her lips and leaned back in the leather chair. "What if 
I'm not Sarah?" A mischevious smile played around her lips. "You could fuck 
me if I wasn't Sarah, couldn't you?"

He considered her words. Multiple? This was her tenth appointment. She'd
never displayed any other symptoms before this. Despite his initial doubts,
he had to take her seriously, even if she was playing with him.

"Who are you then, if not Sarah?"

"What if I told you I was Cassandra?" She leaned forward in her chair.

"You want me to call you Cassandra?"

"It doesn't really matter what you call me. As long as you do what I want.
You can use your wife's name, if it makes it any easier." Cassandra was
his wife's name. The coincidence disturbed him. Perhaps it wasn't a
coincidence; though, how this girl would be able to find out his wife's 
name was beyond him. He suddenly felt off balance.

He knew about these. It happened to every doctor. A lovely patient
doing exactly this. His mind was spinning. Her purfume washed over him. 
Her sexuality captivated him. His concentration was becoming fuzzy. This 
was first year stuff. How to deal with a patient like this. Every student 
was warned. Stop? Try to guide her back to the session? Get someone else 
into the room? Bury his emotions and reactions and explore this avenue? 
Allow her to continue her advances? Would it lead to her problem? He was 
almost sure that he shouldn't encourage her. He just couldn't remember. 
He felt like pounding his fist into the desk. How should he handle this?

He'd already failed with her so often. Previous sessions ended with her 
lashing out at him; hurting herself, breaking things. Violent. Unfortunately
the human mind wasn't an exact science.

His finger traced the call button on the intercom. He wanted to push it and get
Sheila, his receptionist, in here. He withdrew his hand. He should be able to 
handle this. He was a professional. Dammit. This was just a girl. A lovely
girl, a disturbed girl, but above all a patient. There were responsibilities 
here. She had come to him for help, not to his receptionist. He had to provide 
that help to the best of his abilities.

He took a breath and continued. "Sarah. Do you want to talk about your 
sexuality today?"

"I'm not Sarah. I'm Cassandra. And no. I don't want to talk. Mrs. Moore asked
me the same thing."

"Alright. Cassandra. Who are you?" He thought it might just be better to 
go along with her. He decided to let her lead the discussion though he 
didn't really believe that she was a multiple, at least not a classic one. 
Classic cases of multiple personalities were exceptionally rare and this girl
was smart enough to fake it. At least until he caught her. What he couldn't
figure out was why she'd want to fake it. Didn't make sense.

"I'm Sarah, but I'm not. I help Sarah. Share her. It's hard to explain."

"Cassandra, you know Sarah?"

"Of course."

"Does she know you?"

"Who do you think called me? She likes you."

This was beginning to get deeper. Perhaps Cassandra did exist after all. The
voice was harsher, less gentle than Sarah's voice normally was. Huskier. He
hated to admit it; her voice was sexier. It was hard to fake complete
personality shifts for very long. If she was faking it, she was doing an
excellent job.

"She likes me? In what way?" he continued. He wanted to determine if she
was faking this or not. His ultimate goal here was to find out what was behind
her violence and her other anti-social behaviour. What was behind her sudden 
personality shift? Was it all related?

"Likes you, likes you. What do you think?" She'd uncurled her legs, crossing 
them demurely and teasingly. She had to be aware of what she was doing.

"Cassandra. Why are you here?" Changing tacks.

"To fuck you. Why else? Isn't that what everyone wants? To be fucked? Don't 
you want me? I'm soft and I don't bite."

He swallowed. Letting his eyes travel her body. He struggled to slow his
heart. Of course, he wanted to scream at her. Of course, he wanted her.
She must have seen his appraising look. Soft and she didn't bite.

"Can I speak to Sarah again?"

A mischevious grin. "Not until you do what I want."

He took a deep breath. "Cassandra. Sarah. You know that we can't do what
you want. If you even want it." He spoke a bit haltingly.

"But you want to. I can see it. And of course I want it. Don't be silly.
I wouldn't offer if I didn't."

In one fluid motion, the girl rose out of the chair. She kicked off her 
running shoes. Her shoes landed with a light thud in front of the desk. 
She wasn't wearing socks. She walked over to the desk, her bare feet 
whispering across the carpet; she leaned on his desk, thrust her breasts out 
against her sweater. He was almost sure he could make out her nipples 
beneath the fabric of her top. He tore his gaze away from her with a 
huge effort.

"You want me," she spoke in her husky voice. Her voice had far more experience
than he would have imagined in a girl this age.

"Sarah. I'm going to have to stop this session if you can't behave. We can
explore this at some other time. Or with someone else here. I don't want to
stop it, we're making progress, but I will."

"I'm not Sarah." She took a deep breath and returned to her chair. She
purposefully recrossed her legs and flexed her bare toes.

"What's this all about, Cassandra? You can talk to me."

She sat back, crossing her arms under her breasts. "What do you want to know?"

"I need to know about you. Your past. What you are feeling now."

"I'm hot and I'm wet. I'm aching for you. Your touch. That's what I am 
feeling." Her hand stole to her right breast and she gently traced it 
through her sweater with her index finger. Her eyes locked onto his. 
"Care to help me with that?"

"Cassandra. You must know that we can't do anything. Even if I was 
interested."

"I know you are interested."

He felt himself reacting to her again. He reached for the intercom. "I'm 
going to have to stop this for today. You can come back tomorrow, and
we'll discuss it then. Okay?"

"You can't handle me alone? Poor man." Then more softly, "I'll behave."

He looked at her. She looked so innocent. She was able to switch back and
forth. She could turn her demeanor on and off, like a light switch.

He withdrew his hand from the button.

"Cassandra? Put your shoes back on if we are going to continue. Okay?"

"Cassandra? Who is that?" A softer voice, almost frightened.

"Sarah?"

"What happened? I. I'm confused." She looked down at her bare feet. "What
happened to my shoes?"

He didn't quite know how to deal with this. "Sarah, you blacked out for a
moment. You kicked your shoes off. Why don't you put them back on before
we continue?"

She looked at him suspiciously. Frightened. She sat unmoving in her chair. 
She blinked. 

"Because I don't want to put them on. I'm comfortable." The harsher, deeper 
voice returned.

"Cassandra?"

"Of course, who'd you think it was?"

"Sarah doesn't know about you, does she?"

"Of course she does. Who do you think calls me?"

"Why are you back? I'd like to talk to Sarah if you'll let me."

"She'll be back after we fuck."

"You know we can't do that."

"Why not?"

"Cassandra, you know why not."

"Don't you find me attractive? Who's going to find out? I won't tell if you
don't."

"I'd like to talk to Sarah."

"I'm not wearing any underwear. You want to see?"

"No. Cassandra. Keep your clothes on. Okay? I'll have to stop this if you
take anything else off. Understand?"

"I understand. I'll be good." She grinned mischeviously. She knew that he
wasn't going to force her to replace her shoes. She flexed her bare toes,
almost casually, except he knew that nothing she did was casual. At least
in this persona. His eyes were glued to her small bare feet. And she knew it.

He took a deep breath, wondering how to proceed.

"If I've been bad, you can spank me," she spoke softly before he had a
chance to gather his thoughts.

Now this was interesting. He idly wondered if physical abuse had contributed
to this. In cases of multiple personalities, often some of it could be
traced back to sexual or physical abuse in the past. The alternate personality
was created to absorb the pain that the original personality couldn't. Perhaps, 
she was trying to tell him something unconsciously. He remained silent 
letting her continue. This was almost certainly a genuine case of multiple 
personalities. He could tell the difference. There was simply no way that 
she could fake it this long without slipping somewhere.

"You want to spank me, don't you?" she spoke again, softly.

"Not really." Though he did. He couldn't get the image of himself spanking her
writhing body out of his mind. "Have you been spanked before?"

"You can you know. I'll let you." Her hands stole to the base of her sweater,
fingering the material. Her fingernails almost sparkled in contrast with the
pale skin of her hands. His thoughts roamed to what else she might be able
to do with those soft hands. Red nails stroking. Her body slowly slipping 
to her knees on the carpet. He forced his mind back to the job at hand.

"Have you been spanked before?" he asked again patiently, trying to control
his breathing.

"Lots of times. I like it. It turns me on."

"Cassandra? Does Sarah like to be spanked too?"

"I don't know. Does it matter? She likes you. If she likes you, she will
do anything for you. Right?" Her fingers still played casually with the 
fabric of her sweater. "Let me take off my clothes for you? You want me to, 
don't you?"

"Cassandra. I'd prefer if you didn't do that." He hated lying to patients.

She stretched out like a cat in the chair. She extended her long legs 
towards him.

"You can tie me up if you want. Spank me. Right there. On your desk.
Tie my hands. My feet. Tight. I'll be helpless. Then you can spank me. My
breasts. My legs. My feet. My face. Even between my legs. You'd like that 
wouldn't you? I don't mind." She held her wrists out towards him, close 
together, offering herself.

He could feel his heart racing in his chest. It felt like it was hammering
into his ribs. He closed his eyes seeing pictures of this lovely creature 
exactly as she'd discribed. Naked. Helpless. Spanked. He fought it, trying 
to think of his wife. His daughter. His car. Anything but her. He drew in 
a deep breath and opened his eyes.

She had taken advantage of his inattentiveness, removing her sweater while
images of her flitted beneath his closed lids. Her sweater lay crumpled on 
the ground by her bare feet in front of her chair, a flash of blue against 
the mottled carpet. She was smiling at him, proud of herself. His eyes had
been drawn to the flash of colour on the ground. He slowly raised his eyes. 
She had been telling the truth earlier about the underwear, at least up top. 
Her breasts were even more perfect than he'd imagined. Upthrust. Firm. 
Her breasts heaved as she gazed at him with her regged breathing, her 
nipples noticeably erect.

"You want me. I know you do."

And she was so right. He shook his head, trying to clear it.

"Cassandra. You have got to put your shirt back on. Please."

"You don't like my breasts?" She gently squeezed them, playing with her
nipples. They hardened further under her touch.

"Cassandra, please. I will stop this."

She settled back into her chair, a mischevious smile gracing her full lips 
again.

"Don't you want to know if I've done this before?"

Christ. If he stopped this now, then what? Would he ever get another chance
to probe this deeply into her psyche? His rational mind screamed that he
was a professional and that he would be able to break through her defenses
without resorting to this. It would just take some time. This wasn't right.

"Have you?" his irrational mind had to know.

"Do you want to fuck me?" she whispered again. "Answer me and I'll answer you."

"Cassandra. This isn't how it works."

"Why? Because you are the big doctor? I get to bare my soul? And what do I 
get in return? I don't even get to bare this body for you? Why do you get
to ask all the questions? Make all the rules? Hmmmm?"

"Cassandra, put your top back on. Now. Please."

"No. Do you want to fuck me?"

He took a deep breath. "You know we can't. When have you done this before?"

"Joyce wasn't as hard to break as you are. But then, she quit the first
session when I kicked off my shoes for her."

He swallowed. Joyce? His head felt fuzzy. His rational mind kicked in. She was
lying. Trying to trap him. Trying to shock him.

She took advantage of the pause. "Do you want me to take off my shorts? I
will you know." Her fingers were playing with the button. "I'm not wearing
panties."

"No Cassandra. I want you to put back on your shirt and your shoes."

"I made love to Joyce. She's your friend, isn't she?"

Perhaps her delusions would provide an answer.

"She's my friend. And she isn't homosexual. When did you make love to her?"

"Have you ever made love to her? How could you possibly know she isn't a
closet lesbian?"

"How I know isn't relevant here." He and Joyce were good friends. Collegues. 
There had been some attraction, but it hadn't developed into anything. He 
was married. She was married. They respected that. They'd attended some 
functions together, even danced. But they hadn't proceeded beyond harmless 
flirtations. Overall, he supposed, he didn't really know if she was bisexual, 
or homosexual for that matter. But Joyce's sexual preferences weren't the 
issue here.

"You haven't had her. I can see it in your eyes. That's too bad. She was 
quite an attentive lover. You would have liked her almost as much as you are
going to like me."

"Cassandra, you know we can't do this. We can talk all you like. And you
don't need to be naked. Put back on your sweater." The words were becoming
an effort to say. The sight of her breasts was rattling him. He couldn't
tear his eyes away from her half naked body, her long bare legs, her small
toes. He couldn't help wondering just what was beneath those shorts.

"I like being naked. She resisted, too, you know. Longer than you will. I had
to work on her for three full sessions before she let me do what I wanted. 
She stopped the sessions twice. But she was easier than you."

"Who? Mrs. Moore?"

"Joyce. Yes."

"So you are bisexual then?"

"Isn't everyone? Isn't that what they teach you in your precious psychology
courses?"

"Let's get back to how you like being spanked."

"You liked hearing about that? You want to spank me? You can. As much and
as hard as you like. Where ever you like. I'll let you. Have you ever
spanked a woman during sex? I have. It's quite a rush hearing her scream.
I can scream for you. Or I can keep quiet. You can even gag me if you like.
I'd even let you gag me with my own panties if I was wearing any. I'll do 
whatever you want."

"Cassandra, I don't want to spank you." He tried to lie convincingly to this
vixen. His arousal was mounting by huge increments as he listened to her.

"You want to tie me up, then? Fuck me while I'm helpless? Spank me when I'm
helpless? That's what finally got Joyce."

"When was the first time you realized that you liked these types of things?"

"A long, long time ago. It doesn't matter. Joyce liked tying me up."

He swallowed hard, trying unsuccessfully to will the images away. Images
flashed though his mind of this girl, squirming, tied down on Joyce's desk. 
Crying out as Joyce hit her. The two of them making love tenderly.

"You're picturing it, aren't you?" she asked. "Me. And Joyce."

"Sarah. We are going to have to stop for today."

"She finally let me strip. And then we moved all her pads and pencils and
things off her desk together. She used her scarves. Tied my wrists. And
my ankles. My legs apart. We kissed. Right there in her office. Like that.
Me helpless. Vulnerable. Joyce loved it."

He closed his eyes, trying to ignore her voice. He couldn't stop her. He 
couldn't will the mental images out of his mind. He was so bloody aroused. 
He tried to will his hand forward to touch the intercom. Stop this. Get Sheila 
in here. His hand wasn't listening to his brain any longer. He was captivated 
by Cassandra's husky voice.

"Do you want to know more? Or should we stop this?" she asked innocently.

He opened his eyes. She'd shifted again. She was standing closer in front of 
his desk, her breasts inviting him, drawing his full attention. She smiled at 
him and slowly, deliberately unbuttoned her shorts. She hooked her fingers 
into the waistband and slowly pushed them over her hips and down her long 
legs. Her deep blue hynotizing eyes still locked on his. She stepped out of 
the shorts towards the desk, placed her hands on the edge, and leaned towards 
him. Completely nude. The only coherent thought running through his head 
was that she was a real blonde. This couldn't possibly be happening.

"C-Cassandra. You have to stop this. You can't do this. Not in here. You
have to get dressed."

"You don't like my body? Why should we be ashamed of our bodies? I'm not."

He could see that. She didn't have a trace of self-consciousness. She seemed 
almost happy to be romping around nude in front of him.

"I swear. Cassandra. If you don't stop this, I will get someone else in
here to stop this. Please. Get dressed, go sit down, and we'll continue."

She pouted for a moment, her full lower lip quivering, her eyes silently
pleading. She eventually turned, presenting a beautiful backside, and 
strutted back to her chair. She settled into it, making no move to gather 
her discarded clothing. No move to cover herself at all. Her face had lost
the pout and she stared at him almost defiantly.

"Clothes," he motioned at her garments on the floor.

"I prefer not wearing them. I'll tell you what you want to know if you
just let me stay here like this. Nobody has to know. I won't come on to
you if you don't want me. All you have to do is tell me that you don't
want me. Please let me keep them off? I'm just more comfortable this way. 
Okay?"

He would lose his license. He just knew it. May as well just take the
useless diploma off his wall and light a match under it now.

"Tell me about Joyce."

"You don't believe me. You don't believe that we had sex. Do you?"

"I think that it will help me understand you if you tell me what you think
happened between you."

"You just want to hear me tell you what we did. Even if it's a twisted
fantasy of mine. You think it will help you understand me?" She paused for
a second, thinking. "You think it will turn you on."

"Does it matter?"

"To you it does. Will it turn you on to hear about two women having sex?
Two women tying each other up? Spanking each other? I'll tell you gladly 
if it will turn you on. I want you turned on. Are you jealous of Joyce? 
She's had me and you haven't. Yet."

"Cassandra, will you please dress yourself?"

"Not yet. After we fuck. I'll get dressed after you screw me. You want to
hear about Joyce? It isn't a fantasy," she was barely whispering but he
could make out her words just fine.

"Tell me about Joyce." He had resigned himself to her game. It couldn't hurt
to continue; she was already nude and unlikely to get dressed without outside
intervention. Not like he'd ever be speaking to any other patients again. 
Maybe this would tell him something about this naked enigma in front of him.
Perhaps he could still help her.

"I was stretched out on her desk. Bound with her scarves. Just as you are 
imagining me stretched out on your desk. Only you want me in chains, something 
harsher. I like harsher, by the way. And I was so turned on. And so was she. 
She locked her door, drew the drapes. She stripped, too. Except she left her
shoes on. God, she was beautiful. She hit me with her hand. It felt so good. 
Almost like the warmth you get from hot chocolate after skating all day. And 
she liked it. I could tell. It was in her eyes. She spanked me. My breasts. 
They hurt for a while, but nothing major. I've been hurt worse. I didn't even
cry. She couldn't hit me as hard as you could."

She paused, watching him. His eyes closed, seeing the images.

"Then she let me go. Untied me. We used our tongues on each other. 
Sixty-nined in front of her desk. Her on top. God. It felt so good. She 
climaxed twice. Quite a woman. You'd have liked her. You should really try
to get in her pants. She'd let you. Might take a while and a bit of effort
on your part, but you could have her. The hardest part will be getting past
the respect she has for you. She might even let you tie her up as well."

He opened his eyes. Her right hand was slowly stroking her left nipple.
Her face was flushed, her left hand played with her blonde curls between
her legs, her legs slightly parted. She presented a tantalizing view and
she was fully aware of it.

"Cassandra. You have to stop this."

"I thought you wanted to hear about me and Joyce. I'm just doing what you
wanted."

"I want to know why you came up with that fantasy."

"And why I'm coming on to you?"

"Yes."

"I'm doing it because Sarah likes you. Simple. And I know you want me.
No reason you can't have me."

"Can I talk to Sarah, please?" His breathing was ragged. He was having
trouble concentrating. He had to clear his head. Talk to Sarah. Or had to
get away from the sight of her. He was going to do something he'd regret.
Like not forcing her to get dressed. Like not stopping this crazy
session. Like not calling Sheila well before this got out of hand. Like
still not calling Sheila, even though it had gotten way out of hand.

"If you fuck me, she'll come back."

"I have to get a drink of water, Cassandra. Do you want anything?" He
had to get out of this room. Away from her. Just for a moment.

"I just want you," she purred.

He gathered his strength. He tried to tear his eyes away from her as he rose
to his feet.

"I'll be back in a second. Alright? You stay there. And get dressed."

"Yes, sir."

He strode purposefully to the door and slipped through. Sheila looked up
at him quizzically. She was a psych major at the local university. She
knew that there was no way he should have left that room, leaving a patient
alone. Not during a session. She watched him as he poured a glass of water 
from the cooler.

"Are you alright? You looked flushed," Sheila asked quietly. Concerned.

"I'm fine. Just a little thristy."

Sheila shook her head and bent back to her computer filing, not willing
to question her employer further. Patient confidentiality, and all. She thought
it was a bit odd that he hadn't just buzzed her and gotten her to bring in
refreshments like normal. After all, that's what she was paid to do.

He slipped back into the room leaving Sheila to wonder to herself. Any
explanations that Sheila concocted would be so far from the truth that it
was almost comical. Sarah was still nude, idly playing with her bare 
breasts. An excited flush had spread across her cheeks.

"I missed you," she whispered.

He returned to behind his desk. "I thought I asked you to get dressed."

"What are you, my father?" she started to get flustered. She visibly fought
her emotions under control and rose again to her feet.

"I'm not your father," he responded automatically. A faint look of confusion 
crossed her features and then vanished. "I just want you to get dressed. For 
both our sakes."

"And I just want to fuck you. For both our sakes. I'll get dressed afterwards.
I want you. Don't you want me?" She threw her bare breasts out towards him 
again. He tried to avert his eyes, but failed. "You can have me any way you 
want me. Doggie style? Straight? Tied up? My ass? I can give you a blowjob 
you'd never forget. Better than your wife. I swallow. Your wife ever let you 
tie her up?"

"Cassandra. Why are you doing this?"

"Joyce has a tattoo, you know," she remarked quietly. She stepped around the 
corner of the desk, her bare feet light and silent on the carpet.

"She does?" He knew Joyce had a tattoo. At some function, he'd remarked on
it. She'd been wearing a rather low cut evening gown and the tip of the
tattoo had just cleared her neck line. It was a small panther, low on her
right breast, though he'd only seen the nose of it. It had been barely 
visible and only because of the daring dress she'd worn. He'd been surprised 
that she had a tattoo at all. She didn't seem the type. She had seemed very 
embarrassed about it, especially considering its location and that he'd 
noticed it. She'd gotten it one night as an undergraduate, after a party, 
she'd explained.

"A small black panther. I think you know where."

He swallowed. How the hell could she know that? Unless ...

"Oh my God," he whispered, suddenly frightened, realizing the implications.

She was right beside him. Her female scent and arousal washed over him in 
waves. He closed his eyes again, breathing her. His arousal mirrored her 
arousal, whether he wanted it to or not. His fright at her revelations
simply melted into his deep arousal.

She sat up on his desk and he pushed himself back. Hard. His chair ended up 
against the window. He tried to clear his spinning mind. He had to get as 
much distance between them as he could.

"Joyce was fun, but you'll be better. I think," she whispered seductively.
"You and I both know that this is going to happen sooner or later. Why
are you fighting me? You gay? I doubt it. I can usually see those things.
Don't you like me?"

"Cassandra. You have to stop this. Get dressed. We'll finish this tomorrow.
Please?"

"Begging me? I thought I was begging you. Master?" Her eyes shone playfully.
"I can be your slave, if you want."

She inched her legs up onto the desk. Carefully, she watched his eyes, 
ensuring that he was entranced by her. Like he could tear his eyes away.

She curled herself up on his blotter, watching him like a lioness.

"Come here," she spoke softly but commandingly.

Despite himself, he found himself moving forward towards her. He struggled
with his own impulses. He was married, for chrissakes. He couldn't do this.
Wrong. Even if he couldn't remember the way to handle it, he did remember
the instructor's warnings. Wrong. Wrong. Wrong. No can do. License revoked. 
And he was obviously handling this wrong. Completely out of control. There 
was the beautiful naked Siren perched on his desk to prove his incredible 
incompetence.

"Cassandra. We are going to stop this. Now. Get off my desk. Get dressed."

"You sound like my father. I just want to make you feel good. You can make
me feel good. What's wrong with that? Just pretend I'm a younger version
of your wife. She doesn't have to know. Nobody has to know. Just you and I.
Our little secret," she was whispering again. She bent to kiss him as he 
neared her.

He took a deep breath, closed his eyes, and slapped her. Her face rocked 
back onto her shoulder. She cried out in pain. Her hands flew to her face, 
rubbing at her stung cheek. Wrong. Wrong. Wrong. He was almost sure that
his instructors had never mentioned slapping a patient as an option for
therapy. Not even in the advanced classes.

A small, higher voice emerged from her throat. "Daddy?"

He was dumbstruck that he'd slapped her. Knowing his license was long gone, he
moved back again, rolling the chair frantically back towards the window,
watching her. He couldn't quite believe what was happening. She had her 
eyes closed. A frightened look on her face replaced the wanton lust from 
seconds before.

"Daddy? Please? I don't want to tonight. Please?" Her breathing was becoming
laboured. "I. I don't like him. Please? Not the ropes. Oh God. Please?
I. I'll do it. You don't need to tie me up. Nooooo!" She screamed. "Oh
God. No more. It hurts. I'll do him. I'll suck him. I'll behave. I'll obey.
I'll be good. Please. Not the belt. Not there. Oh God. No. Please. Daddy?
Please no. It hurts."

He was in shock. Psychology courses can't prepare you for this. No way. Not
ever. Nothing can ever prepare you for this.

"Sarah?" he spoke gently to the naked girl sitting on his desk.

The girl finally opened her eyes, but she still wasn't seeing. "Please?" she 
begged, still in the higher, younger voice. He had no idea what daemons she 
was fighting. What she was seeing. What she was even begging for. She looked 
down at herself. "Oh God. Not again." The voice older. Softer. Sarah. "What 
have I done?"

"Nothing, sweetheart. Nothing at all."

"I. Where are my clothes? I've done it again. Haven't I?" Her hands reached
to cover herself, across her bare breasts. She pressed her thighs together
tightly.

"Not yet, sweetheart. Not yet. And you aren't going to either. You're safe
here." After some of the images that he knew were still in his head, he
doubted the truthfulness of that reassurance.

Her free hand traced up to her face, rubbing at the hand print across her 
left cheek. Tears coursed down her face. Her mouth formed the word soundlessly,
as though calling an invisible person, "Cassandra".

The girl stretched out again. She was back in control. The transformation 
stunned him. Her long bare legs tantalized him as she stretched herself 
back out on his desk, pulling her hands away from her breasts, displaying 
herself again for him. She knocked his pens down to the floor with her 
outstretched legs. He remained safely pushed back from her near the window.

Her fingers still traced down her reddened cheek. She looked at him.

"See? I told you that you could hit me. That you wanted to." Her hand dropped 
back between her legs. She moaned slightly as her fingers found her lower
lips, lightly stroking herself. "You liked it, didn't you? I did." She 
offered her other cheek. "You can hit me again if you like. Harder if you 
want. I don't mind."

"Cassandra?"

"Who else?"

"Let me talk to Sarah."

"I don't think so. I may have been out of it for a second there, but I
know we haven't done the wild thing. You're still dressed. I want to
see you naked. I want to fuck you. I'm naked. You should be too. Please? 
For me?"

"I need to talk to Sarah." Cassandra was getting in the way here.

"No. I want you first."

"I thought Sarah wanted me."

"She does. She just doesn't want to admit it."

"Sarah needs me. To talk with. To help her. Not anything else." It was getting
easier to resist this gorgeous creature. He'd seen her soul. However briefly, 
he'd seen the hurt, scared, little girl buried within her. He consciously 
tried to ignore her scent, her lithe, adult body, her irresistable sexuality. 
There was a little girl in there, somewhere.

"Says you. I didn't ask for your help." Her face became a bit more distant. 
An inner struggle was in progress just below the surface.

"What did your father do to you, Cassandra?"

"My father?" she paled a bit. "Don't you want me? Please? I don't want to talk
about him. I just want you."

He struggled with himself, knowing that he had to stop this. He'd already
slapped her, stepped way too far over the line. But he was so close, yet 
so damn far.

"Your father."

"I loved my father."

"Did you?"

Her face began to collapse again. A single tear coursed down her cheek.
He couldn't tell who was going to surface. Still wasn't sure even as she
spoke again in a quiet whisper.

"It would have been so much easier to fuck you." 

She closed her eyes, tears falling helplessly down her pale cheeks. She 
hung her head almost looking like a defenseless, helpless, little girl 
sitting up on his desk. Defeated. She took a deep breath, looked at him 
with her pleading eyes, and then gently touched the intercom button with 
her bare toes.

