I am a junior in high school. Back when I was a freshman I was one of the trainers for the freshmen swim team because I knew a lot about sports injuries because my father was a doctor. I had never thought of being gay or had ever experimented at all. But all that changed after my freshman year as the manager of the swim team.

As every one got out of the pool in their speedos which were red in the front and white in the back, team colors, Patrick approached me. I had been swimming myself because I was on the team as well as being a manager. I was 5' 10" with a muscular build, firm pecs and abs, strong legs, big biceps, blond hair, a tan everywhere except under my speedo. Patrick had the same swimmer's type build as I did only with brown hair. He asked me if I could look at his thighs because they were giving him some trouble when he swam. I told him to dry off and meet me in the medical room, which was just a room in the gym with a padded table. As I entered he was sitting on the table still in his speedo like me. I welcomed him and told him to lay face down on the table so I could look at the back of his thighs. His muscular butt was in full flex showing how tight it was, something I didn't usually take time to look at. After I felt his thighs I discovered they were just cramped up and needed a massage to work the cramp out I asked him if he could stay longer to have the massage and he gladly said yes.

As I began to rub the back of his thighs we started talking about school and tests. Then after a brief pause he asked me if I had ever had sex. After another pause I told him I had sex with a girl earlier in the year. He told me he had had his dick sucked by a girl this year too. Then the conversation took a twist and he asked me if I had ever had gay sex. I immediately said no as I laughed at such a strange question. He also said no quickly. Then he asked in a strange tone what it would be like. I said that I had no idea with a smile that said this is getting wierd. After a very long pause he finally got more to his point and Patrick asked if he could suck my cock. I immediately stopped massaging his thigh and looked at him in disbelief.

Patrick said, "C'mon, it won't be that wierd, all I want to do is try it."

Then I said, "Won't that be wierd though if I get a hard-on?"

Patrick said, "I won't tell anyone so it won't matter. C'mon, all you have to do is stand right where you are."

After all of his pleading I said alright but not for too long. Patrick then leaned on his side and motioned me to stand in front of his mouth by the table. I looked at his speedo as I moved around the table and he had a huge boner from the excitement. As I stood in front of him he pulled my speedo down just past my cock and looked in amazement. I was impressive at my age being 5" soft and 8" hard. I was soft at the moment not quite sure what exactly was going to happen. Then Patrick grabbed my dick and began to suck, I forgot how good it felt, i was hard in seconds. Patrick looked at me a gave the best smile he could with a dick in his mouth. I began to moan as Patrick took my cock deeper in his mouth. Within seconds i had grabbed the back of his head and was pumping it over my rock hard prick. We were both moaning in delight as he kept polishing my dick with his mouth thank God everyone had left the gym. Finally I felt something, something very good, and then from my dick came hot white semen all nto Patrick's mouth, I couldn't believe it. I asked him if he was going to spit it out but then he swallowed it right in front of me. I looked at him in disbelief.

Now Patrick was in a high sex gear and wasn't going to stop, and I wasn't going to try to stop him one bit. He wrapped his arms around my waist and pulled me on to the table. My face was right in his crotch and his face was in mine, only mine was nude. Patrick slipped my speedo all the way and began to suck my dick again I was still roaring and ready to shoot another load. But now something new was happening in front of me was a cock bulging inside a speedo and I needed to give it attention. At first I licked the outside of the speedo and began to suck his dick while it was all wrapped up. Finally I decided to go all the way so I pulled his speedo down a few inches and I was greeted by his 7" cock that was ready to go. So as I got the life sucked out of me by Patrick I sucked him to perfection. He went crazy as i sucked his prick rapidly and showed no mercy to his semen shooter. Then he gave in and cummed all in my mouth, I loved it, it was hot and tasty. I swallowed the hot juice of manhood and kept sucking. It was better than I could have ever imagined.

Then I heard Patrick say, "I'm not stopping until I get another hot load from you!"

I responded saying,"Oh you'll get it alright."

So we both began sucking at full speed, what a rush. As I sucked him I wrapped my hands around his tight ass and started to finger his asshole. When I finally pushed my finger in Patrick almost jumped off the table. In stead of ending his sucking I heard him moan and beg for more. Then he did the same to me which made me go crazy and suck his dick like no other. There we were laying head to cock on the padded medical table fingering each other's assholes, unexpected but a great feeling. Finally I felt another load of cum building up pressure in my cock and it burst into Patrick's mouth. Patrick started groaning and I started screaming in delight. He continued to suck the final bits of semen out of my dick and when he was done we both sat up on the table with our hard-ons still raging for more sex.

Patrick then leaned over and whispered in my ear, "I've got another idea."

I asked, "What is it, stud?"

He then said in a horny tone, "Let's put our dicks where our fingers were."

I felt a jolt in my cock as I nodded yes to him. He then motioned me to screw him first. I had never done this before but when his slipped his speedo onto the floor and got on all fours on the table I knew what to do. I immediately took my cock, lubed with patrick's saliva and put it up to his asshole and pushed it into his tight ass. It was a wonderful feeling and Patrick began to moan in extreme delight. He laughed because my pubic hairs tickled his asshole as I thrust all of my 8" into his ass. My muscular chest crashed into his muscular back with every thrust of fuck. I wasn't going to last much longer. Then as I prepared to blow my third load of the day the door flew open with me and my cock all the way in Patrick's asshole.

"Holy shit," I screamed as I blew my load in patrick's tight ass. But there was Rob standing right at the door. It must have been quite the sight for him, even though he wasn't gay. There was my tight ass flexed with all my muscles bulging and in full form over Patrick's hard body that was being fucked. I didn't notice that he was in the room until he told me and Patrick to sit down, which we did right away.

I was a little afraid because he would tell everyone in school we were gay.

Then I noticed Patrick and I were still nude with raging hard-ons sitting in the chairs in the side of the room. Rob was standing in front of us. Rob was a stud by definition, he was the varsity football quarterback he had a hard but smooth chest, hard pecs and abs, big strong arms and legs, a tight butt, and a cute face with curly black hair. At the moment he was only wearing mesh gym shorts and nothing else. My and Patrick got hard looking at this hunk and I think he noticed them.

"So you guys are homos," Rob asked.

Patrick looked at me and I said yes. "Are you going to tell everyone about us," Patrick asked.

There was a long pause and then Rob said, "I won't on one condition"

"Which is," I asked

"Well, I was kind of wondering if you guys could suck my cock, seeing as how you're gay," Rob asked.

"Are you gay too," Patrick asked Rob.

"Well, I just want to see what it is like, okay," ha said.

We both nodded yes to his plea and he motioned for me to suck him while he sat on the table. But before he sat on the table he took off his shorts revealing his tight jockstrap. Then I knelt on the ground in front of him and I took off his jock revealing a gigantic 10" cock in full erection. He went and sat on the table then he laid down on the table. His cock was sticking into the air and I was on it right away. I took his cock down into my mouth as far as I could manage. He was moaning as I massaged his cock with my tongue. Then Rob signaled for Patrick to come over and kneel over on his chest so he could suck Patrick's dick. Rob was obviously taken over by our hot bodies and was getting gay. As Patrick mounted on Rob's chest Rob went right to sucking Patrick as I sucked him as well. Then I felt something stirring in Rob's cock and I knew what it was, his sweet cum. I starting rubbing his abs and then he couldn't hold out any longer. His cum was incredible, i swallowed it all as Rob moaning and screamed as best he could with a cock in his mouth. After I swallowed all of Rob's cum I backed away and saw Patrick getting his hot cock mauled by Rob's mouth. Then I decided i needed to fuck the captain of the football team. So I pushed his legs up and and put my hot prick in his tight ass and began to pump vigorously.

"Oh my god I love that, fuck me harder," Rob yelled. then I over heard him telling Patrick that he had nice cum. Then Rob told Patrick to go sit on his dick which was right in front of where i was fucking. When Patrick sat down on Rob's giant cock he moaned with all his might. Rob started saying things like, "How do you like that, you hot little shit, I'm going to cum in your ass." I reached around Patrick and grabbed his dick and began to stroke it. He went even more crazy. Then I did it, I cummed my fourth time and still a huge load inside Rob's virgin ass. He returned the task by fucking Patrick even harder. I continued stroking Patrick until he cummed all over Rob and then Rob cummed inside Patrick's hot ass. Patrick then realized he ride was waiting for him in the parking lot and he quickly put on his speedo and ran out the door. Rob and I watched his hot ass run down the hall.

Rob and I both decided to get dressed in what we had in the room which was a speedo for me and a jockstrap for Rob. So I could still see Rob's meaty ass. Then I remembered I was suppose to spend the night at a friend's, when i told Rob this he licked me in the ear and told my to follow him as he ran out the door. He went down the hallway in his jockstrap only because no one else was in the gym. I finally saw him as he turned in to a room. When I entered the room I saw a hot tub for the football players, and next to it was Rob was beginning off his jock so he could get in. Just as he was about to get in I told him I had a better idea first. I directed him to some massage tables and told him to lay down. I began to massage his shoulders first. As I made the move movements on his tight muscles he let out soothing groans and to me to go lower. I began to massage his back muscles when he told me to go even lower. I massaged and rubbed his ass but first I took his jockstrap off and threw it on the floor. As I massaged his ass he told me to massage the inside of his ass, I told him there was only one tool for that. He made me walk to where his head was and he lubed me up by sucking my prick a few times. Then I went and knelt on the table and drove my pecker deep in his ass. I pumped in and out slowly so he could feel all I had to offer to him. But then I felt another load building pressure and I moved faster in and out moaning with my own pleasure. After I blew my load in his ass he suggested we go swimming, in speedos of course. So I went and got him a speedo out of my gym bag and we walked to the pool. Along the way we stopped to kiss and he even sucked my dick for no reason. Once we got to he pool there was another surprise for me.