------------DISCLAIMER STATEMENT--------------
This is a sexually graphic story with adult 
content. You must be 21 years of age to read. 
The characters in this sexual fantasy story are 
imaginary, and are not a representation, in any 
manner, of any real world person or situation.
IN REAL LIFE PRACTICE SAFE SEX, NOT THE FANTASY 
THINGS DEPICTED IN THIS STORY.

MARCH  2004

STORY CONTENT: (TS/TG, Sissy, MM, FemDom, MDom)


Story Title: Scholarship Part 2: Connie Goes Off To College

By Es2c

	Dear Mother

	It's been three weeks since my last letter to you and 
I must tell you, this college is much more fun than I ever 
imagined.

	First of all, if you remember, Mr. Vickers told us 
that I would only have to suck cock no more than 20 times a 
week, and swallow as many loads of jism.  You heard him.

	Well, that only happened the first week.  But the very 
next week, I was required to gulp down just over 45 hot 
heavy loads.  All of us Freshman S.L.U.T.S. had the same 
experience.  We didn't mind a bit that we were being 
required to swallow down more thick hot slimy jism.  We all 
were aglow at the fact we were desired so much more than 
expected by the well hung horny students. 
 
 In addition, 16 of the instructors have had 
intercourse with me to date.  They were all well endowed.  
It really boosted my self-esteem to be able to take their 
large members in my sissy cunt without pain or injury, just 
like I accommodated Mr. Vickers.

	After they found it so easy to get their bloated dick 
heads in me, they no longer felt afraid in fucking and 
pushing their man stalks in me as far as they could.
I felt so titillated being in the role of a woman for 
them.

	They also liked the way I moved my bottom for them 
too.  They were really thrilled at my enthusiasm of being 
used for intercourse.

	All of them said my cute ass turned them on.  That 
made me feel so warm and cozy to know they all wanted a 
piece of my ass so much.

	I really do find it thrilling to be under such big 
brawny men and having them moaning and grunting as they 
caress and grope me wantonly all the while thrusting their 
throbbing dicks in me just like I'm a woman.

	As I told you in an earlier letter, only the 
professors are allowed to have intercourse with us 
S.L.U.T.S.

	In addition, S.L.U.T.S. who seem geared to intercourse 
and can easily take large dicks in their sissy ass pussies, 
carry a special designation on their student ID Cards. 

	I know you'll be proud of me Mother, for I have been 
designated as being included in this special group.
We S.L.U.T.S. in this special group are categorized as 
"Highly Oriented and Ready for Extraordinary Service".  The 
words "H.O.R.E. Service" is embossed in gold letters next 
to our Student ID photo.

We are commonly called HORES. Of the 200 SLUTS on 
campus, only 125 of us are designated as HORES.

	The staff told us that it was purely accidental that 
the acronym came out sounding somewhat vulgar, just as it 
was with the "S.L.U.T." scholarship program. However, the 
chief of the admissions office, Mr. Smedley, cited it as 
being too costly to go back and change all the forms and 
paperwork for another set of acronyms.

	"Besides", spoke Mr. Smedley to us doing Freshman 
orientation for us new SLUTS and HORES, "Current and past 
Acmeton SLUTS and HORES Students have gotten use to the 
terms and see them as a source of pride for the functions 
they perform for the college. And you all can rest assured, 
that a prestigious College as Acmeton wouldn't have 
intentionally set out to denigrate a fine group of students 
as you are in any way."  He concluded.

	But to be honest about it, it was apparent that both 
terms appeal to the upper-class SLUT students and us 
newbies too.  Additionally, the words harmoniously 
resonates with the feminine mystique we sissies so aptly 
enjoy, and delight in portraying.

Also Mother, we're only allowed to suck the students' 
cocks, but we can suck, as well as have intercourse with, 
that is, get fucked by the faculty and staff members.
Don't breathe a word of this to anyone Mother, but you 
can believe some of us HORES occasionally let some of these 
handsome students enjoy a piece or two of our asses, in the 
same manner as the staff and faculty does.

A MOONLIGHT ADVENTURE:

In fact a small group of the students have already 
pulled a train on three of us newbie SLUTS (all HORE rated 
too).  I confess, I was one of the three that snuck out of 
the dorm to meet 16 horny students (smile).  They dared us 
to sneak out and meet them.

 It was a beautifully moonlit, warm early Autumn 
night, when we met them near a pond in a wooded clearing on 
campus. It was truly a dream like pastoral scene with the 
moonlight reflecting off the pond.

The guys didn't think we'd show.  We surprised them.  
In addition, we 3 HORES were dressed provocatively 
and sexually teased and taunted the group of guys from the 
start.  We also made sure they knew we were all card 
carrying HORES, that we weren't wearing panties, were 
freshly douched, and well lubricated where it counted.
We also brought our own blankets too.

	It didn't take them long to take "advantage" (smile) 
of us softer, weaker, helpless HORE students, and have 
their way with us as they satisfied their lust and injected 
us 3 HORES with their very hot and plentiful sperm.

	However, I have to say, despite their sense of 
urgency, they showed their gentlemanly Acmeton bearing by 
helping us first undress and placing our clothes in neat 
piles.

	After we were all naked, that is except for our pearl 
jewelry (necklace, rings, bracelet and, oh yes, our sheer 
shiny pink nylons), we three HORES were continuously 
sandwiched between two muscular students the whole three 
hours we were in the wooded clearing.

	Each of the 20 guys (PS: It was suppose to be 16, but 
it turned out to be 20 that showed up!) vigorously thrust 
their sturdy stiff manhood into our soft slick hot ass-cunt 
holes, and drooling juicy mouths.  They were so cute and 
handsome as they urgently worked to ejaculate their hot, 
pent up loads of semen into us HORES.

	It was an enchanting scene Mother.  There was a very 
gentle breeze.  The moon was so bright and the trees sway 
gingerly.  

	The night was quiet except for the predominant noises 
of a cacophony of mingled guttural moans from the guys who 
had their dicks deep in our mouths and ass cunts.  Those 
sounds were accented by the sounds of slapping flesh, which 
came from the guys slamming into our rears, as we three 
HORES were heavily rear-ended.
We three HORES couldn't have picked a nicer, 
more romantic evening to get gang banged on.  

	I think I'll forever be haunted by the delightful 
moonlit sight of the many stiff, shiny dick heads bobbing 
around and among, us three HORES.  Those dicks were 
adorned even more, by the added brilliance of glistening 
sparkling drops of pre-cum clinging tenaciously to those 
beautiful dick head slits.  

	As I said above, all three of us HORES were 
being double penetrated, that is, we were sandwiched 
between two horny students and skewed on their rigid sex 
poles.

	Mother, it was such a lovely indescribable feeling to 
have one guy working his very hard dick in and out of my 
rear, and another simultaneously fucking my mouth.
In addition, the feeling of their manly rough hands, 
as well as those of other guys watching or standing by 
awaiting their turn at me, was fantastic.
The many, many hands roaming all over my tender naked 
body, as they groped, kneaded, and handled me so wantonly, 
added another layer of erotic electric pleasure to that I 
was already receiving from being penetrated by one hard 
penis after another.

Additionally, each of us HORES were either holding or 
caressing a hard dick in each hand.  I know I was (Smile).

	Needless to say, Mother, we three got thoroughly 
fucked.  When we later compared notes, we estimated we 
three had swallowed a combined total of 42 very creamy 
gooey loads.  We're pretty sure all the guys came three 
times.  Hence, we surmised that the other 18 loads had to 
have been deposited in our well-ravished, but happily 
satisfied sissy pussies.

	There was so much action, not to mention the rapturous 
delight, I and my cohort HORES, were receiving from all 
those hard cocks poking us top and bottom, it was difficult 
to keep an accurate count.

	The feeling of all that spent, viscous, slimy semen 
oozing from my fuck hole, and seeping in rivulets down my 
inner thighs, gave me the utmost feeling of contentment, 
gratification, and fulfillment.

	The kind of true satisfaction that comes from knowing 
that I attained my goal of being effeminate and sexually 
arousing to guys.  

And with the undeniable proof being my semen laden 
breath; cock cum leaking from my sissy cunt and running 
down my legs; smeared and dried crusty jism on my face, 
hair, and swollen dick fucked, inflamed lips; as well as a 
belly of fresh sperm; it made my accomplishment all the 
more wonderful to me.

	After the last of the 20 horny students got their last 
loads in us, and were through using us, we three slimy 
HORES were left alone in the clearing.

	We just laid there a bit and enjoyed the afterglow of 
the extremely ecstatic sex we had just been subjected to.  
However, we were also enjoying the paradise like, 
delightful moonlit pastoral scenery, and also exchanging 
gleeful sissy-talk about how messy and nasty we were 
physically (and had been sexually (smile)).

	It was quickly apparent that each of us delighted in 
being all messy and slimy, from all the dick goo the guys 
shot off.  After all, it is the role of the female to 
receive a man's sperm.  Isn't it? Well, our condition was a 
good indication of how well we were functioning in our 
effeminate role as sissies.  At least that how we slutty 
HORES saw it (Hee! Hee!).  Aren't we naughty mother?

	It's also a good thing we each brought a canned soda 
and sipped on them between dicks (A tip from upperclassmen 
SLUTS when sucking a bunch of boners, one right after the 
other).  That kept our mouths from gumming up (that is from 
all the sucking and cum consumption we were doing). 
And with all the students being young adults and 
virile, all their stuff is thick, sticky, and gooey rich 
(and good!).

	As we continued to lay there, all nude and in a sloppy 
messy condition, we three happy HORES joked about the 
possibility of getting lockjaw if our mouths got too 
mucked, gummy and gluey from too much thick ejaculate.
We really got a laugh out of that, as we continued to 
talk filthy and trashy and bond in our own special way.

	As we got cleaned up and dressed (PS: Mother, we 
brought a change of clothes and moist towelettes to clean 
up with (smile)), we continued to brag about how good we 
each were in extracting jism from the guys. 

	In addition, we also boasted about how much jism was shot off in us,
how much, and how well we swallowed it all, and the quantity of 
spent cum seeping from our sissy snatches. 

	To us three HORES, these things were important symbols 
of our worth and esteem to our selves, as well as to the 
horny guys and men who used us to appease their lust.

	These were also things that Dr. Judy and Dean "Mother 
Debbie" taught us to value, relish, and be exceedingly 
proud of.  I'll talk more about these two fine people later 
in this letter.

	After composing ourselves as best we could, we three 
made the relatively short trek back to our "SLUTS'" Dorm.  
We were lucky to sneak back in without being detected. 
We got showered and settled in for a good night's 
sleep.  We three dreamily drifted out to a much-deserved 
slumber.  We three dreamed of our little adventure of hard 
ejaculating dicks, a dreamy pastoral moonlit setting, and 
of course, much spent jism.

ON GETTING FUCKED:

Mother, as you know, the sight of a throbbing hard 
dick excites me.  But it's even more exciting when I know 
it will be fucking me.
It is quite a thrill to have a man fuck me as I'm 
lying back in bed with my legs parted missionary style and 
him fucking me face to face.
I really get excited when the man begins to mount me, 
and his big tool is rigid and swinging side to side as he 
takes it and guides it to my sissy cunt hole opening.
Just feeling that first contact, as he gets his 
bearing to make his initial insertion in me, is so 
titillating.  To hear his first sigh and moan of pleasure 
as his heated dick gets his first taste of me, is so 
delightful and literally priceless.
Submissively lying there and being an anvil for his 
hammering hard erection really appeases my sissy nature.  
The feeling of his hands on me, and the pleasurable moans 
he makes while I'm being humped, and thrust into, can't 
help but make me feel so womanly, as I do my best to move 
my ass for his added enjoyment of me.
As you also know by now Mother, I'm use to, and have 
found added delight in being called the foulest, most 
degrading, and lowest of names, while a man has his dick in 
me.  Oddly, it just seems right for him to do that, and for 
me to accept it all with a most radiant sensuous smile.  
And when it's that magical enchanting moment, that is, 
when he ejaculates his hot sperm in me, giving me a part of 
himself, the man can say no wrong things at such a moment 
of bliss for me.

THE ROUTINE OF COLLEGE LIFE

	Even though I'm being asked to swallow more loads of 
hot sperm than was in my scholarship agreement, and getting 
fucked more than I expected, I'm still very happy to be 
here and I definitely want to stay. 
Acmeton does have a great curriculum here, and as you 
know, the school is a highly rated all men's liberal arts 
college.  This college is geared to train leaders.  Most if 
not all of the regular students have aggressive and 
assertive personalities. Us SLUTS were brought in to 
control their aggressiveness by keeping their sperm levels 
in check. 
I'm just thrilled to be getting such a quality 
education on scholarship as well as being able to provide a 
useful service at the same time.
Sure, most of the regular students think there're 
better than us S.L.U.T.S. 
I've talked to all of the other 199 S.L.U.T. 
scholarship recipients, and each us accept, and are very 
comfortable with knowing we're less masculine and more 
submissive as compared to the regular Acmeton students.
However, I can say without a doubt that we all are 
very satisfied at being called sissies and known as the 
college's walking sperm dumpsters.
We all also love the wonderful wardrobe the college 
provides for us S.L.U.T.S..  They are so many pretty lacy 
sheer panties and see through robes and baby doll jammies 
and other lovely femmy stuff.  And I know I adore the 
delightful pearl jewelry we are required to wear at all 
times.
All of us new SLUTS (There are 50 of us) wear a single 
string of pearls.  As we get more college seniority, we 
will get to wear an additional string of pearls for each 
year of seniority, culminating in a four-string choker when 
we are seniors.
I have yet to see any rank pulled by the more senior 
SLUTS.  They have been nothing but helpful to us newbies.  
I guess with so many hard cocks for a small group like us 
to service, there isn't much time for petty anti seniority 
squabbles.  There is a very strong team spirit among us.
We all also have various pearl rings and bracelets and 
cameo broaches.
One of the cameo broaches has a smiling figurine with 
her lips parted open wide.  There is an inscription, 
engraved in black against white background of the cameo, 
which can be clearly seen from a distance, even though in 
small print.  It reads:  "I Love 2 Give Head"
The purpose of the inscription was to constantly 
remind the regular students why we SLUTS were there.
Also, our motto is "We love to receive to relieve".
All of us SLUTS absolutely adore the attention we get 
from the student body and the staff members.
Anybody can grope and feel us up anywhere on campus. 
We SLUTS have no say so in the matter, and we love it that 
way.  In fact we all just love the guys and professors and 
maintenance men groping our asses and squeezing our softer 
sissy bodies. 
All of us sluts wear tight fitting female jeans and 
pants and tight skirts too, just so they will be 
accommodating for ass grabbing and groping.  We all just 
love having our shapely asses rubbed and groped and patted.
There are various areas set aside in all the college 
buildings for us SLUTS to have oral sex with the regular 
students and staff.  Many are like little broom closets 
scattered here and there.  On the door of each of these 
little closets there is a sign which reads "Pressure Relief 
Area".
We can even be beckoned to leave class if a professor 
or a college staff member is in need of an urgent suck off. 
Students don't have this privilege. In one of my English 
classes, I was called out to give a staff member and a 
professor a quickie.  Needless to say I had to borrow notes 
from another student since I missed almost all of the 
class.
The staff member shot a tremendous load of hot viscous 
semen. A small dollop dripped on my lacy white blouse as he 
pulled from between my lips.  I had to rush to the dorm and 
change.  On the way there and back to class I was stopped 
two more times for quickie head.  I'm surprised, I only 
missed 10 minutes of my next class. 
By the way, only the instructors and staff members can 
check us SLUTS out ( like books from a library) for up to 4 
hours between 9 PM Friday and 5PM Sunday.  They usually 
take us home and fuck us in the mouth and ass at their 
leisure.  Some of us get checked out more than others 
(especially us HO.R.E.S.).
I guess I must be popular, because I'm usually checked 
out both Saturday and Sundays. Since I arrived, rarely have 
I spent a full weekend not being checked out (Smile).
Routinely, I only seem to get fucked in my pussy only 
on the weekend (99% of the time).  This is good, as it 
allows for it to get rested up and back in shape during the 
week (smile).
I think I'm popular with the students too, because 
just last week, I was asked to suck dicks 48 times and had 
54 warm wonderful loads ejaculated in my mouth.
I'm telling you mother, it's so heavenly to handle all 
the guys' heavy nut sacs and balls and to swallow down all 
those thick hot gooey loads.  

Some of the men on staff and a few of the students, have bull
size balls.  It's so nice to bury my face in them as I lick
them and nuzzle my face in their hairy softness.  I also just
love to lap around the base of the men and student's meaty
dick shafts as my tongue brushes against dense growths of
crotch hairs. 

The guys really shoot some 
large copious loads of very hot sperm.  I call them the 
"choking kind".  But you know what mother, I find it 
exhilarating to have my mouth filled to over flowing with a 
man's powerful spurting heated ejaculate.

I know it might be strange, but I really admire men 
who don't concern themselves with whether I choke or gag on 
their big dicks or thick shooting jism as they fuck my 
face.  I know they're only concerned about their pleasure, 
not my discomfort.  But yet, I know by it being good for 
them, they'll have respect for me being able to make it so 
good for them.

One the other hand, I've become even better at 
handling these type men to keep from choking or gagging.  
Also, we've been taught how to accommodate guys who are 
like fucking our mouths like it's just a pussy.   
I know many of us S.L.U.T.S are thought of simply as a 
mouth fuck by many of the guys.  They've told me so.  One 
of the regular students, who is also one of my regular 
mouth fuckers, calls me "a good piece of head pussy".  I 
thought that was so cute.

But yet, I'm glad that he and many other routinely 
keep coming back to use my lips and mouth to deposit their 
hot cum. I know many of the guys often pick me over the 
other SLUTS just to fuck my mouth.  That makes me feel so 
good.  Mother, it's such a great feeling to men need and 
want you, when their dicks get hard.

I would say that in general, all of us SLUTS are proud 
of being fuck meat and proud of all the excess sperm we 
take off all the men's balls on campus.  We don't know for 
sure, but by our rough conservative estimate of about a 
half ounce of cum per swallow, we think us 200 S.L.U.T.S. 
collectively swallow somewhat over 35 gallons of the tasty 
goo each week from the bloated balls of the students, 
faculty and college staff. 

I suspect the actual amount of jism consumed by us 
SLUTS is higher than that.  Especially when you consider 
that other SLUTS also have their own secret escapade like 
my moonlight adventure I described earlier. 

Such escapades are above and beyond the normal 45 plus 
weekly loads each of us SLUTS swallows on average. Me and 
the other SLUTS have also not seen any reduction in the 
number of weekly loads consumed because of the various 
escapades.

That 35 gallon figure also doesn't count all the jism 
that flows when we HORES have sissy intercourse, unless of 
course, the staff or faculty member pull out of our pussies 
as they near release, and want us to suck and swallow their 
load down.

It has happened several times to me. I find doing this 
so delightful and sexy each time someone has me do that for 
him.

Some of the other SLUTS have characterized me as being 
"nasty" sucking on a dick that's been in my ass-cunt.  
However, I let them know it felt good being nasty for my 
man's enjoyment.

Besides, the edible sanitizing douche and lube we use 
is ideal for this naughty endeavor.
I think I've convinced several of my sister sissy 
HORES to be nasty like me and enjoy this delight too 
(smile).


MORE ON THE ORIGIN OF THE ACMETON S.L.U.T. SCHOLARSHIP 
PROGRAM:

One factor in Acmeton initiating the S.L.U.T. 
Scholarship Program, was to not have their regular 
students, who the college trains for future statesmen and 
tycoons of the corporate world, resorting to masturbation 
for sexual relief, by jacking off and spilling their 
slippery slimy stuff all over the place. 

That's where we SLUTS come in, as walking, breathing, 
warm, soft, sperm depositories.  There is very little or no 
spilled jism with us.  We S.L.U.T.S. pride ourselves on our 
consumption of the ejaculate given us by the rather well 
hung students, faculty and staff.

We SLUTS are often referred to as the campus's "semen 
sewer system". None of us SLUTS have taken offense to that 
labeling. 

 In fact all of us SLUTS are very proud to be known as 
cocksuckers and sperm swallowers.  After all, we all know 
that one man's spent sperm may be slimy slop to him, but to 
us it's delightful nectar.

 All in all, we SLUTS are proud to know that we make 
such a significant contribution to the quality of life on 
campus.

Another thing of delight for me is how verbal the men 
are as they're enjoying the juicy wetness between my lips.  
As we discussed sometime ago, I feel so much better now 
about being called a "cocksucker", "pansy", "sissy", and 
even a "faggot".

The college's consultant counselor (who doesn't reside on campus
and is not on the permanent faculty or staff), 
a Dr. Judy, has been good for all us SLUTS.  She regularly has 
sessions with us. 

	She has really helped us all with our self-esteem.  
Additionally, her guidance and counseling has helped us see 
how useful we are to the college.  
 
One important thing she done for us is helped us see 
that our accepting being called names that society might 
consider derogatory is especially positive.  She has made 
us see that we do not have to feel degraded but proud that 
men call us "sissy sluts", "fags", "queers" and other 
similar names.

	She has taught us that they do so because it makes 
them feel good and the name-calling comes as sort of envy 
because we do make them feel good and that we ask for 
almost nothing in return other than their sperm.  Sure, 
they call us names, which say that we are lesser than they 
are.  But then, since that's so obvious, we don't get 
excited about that.

	Hearing Dr. Judy talk is so motivational and 
inspirational.  After one of her regular team building 
sessions, all of us SLUTS are just raring to go out and 
suck dicks and get filled with hot sperm.
At our weekly group sessions, one of her team spirit 
cheers for us is "RAH! RAH! RAH! We are bold and Proud to 
be holes for men's poles!". 

	As with the other SLUTS, this resonates so well with 
me.  The feeling of contentment and delight that comes from 
being a receptacle for a guy's hard dick, as well as a 
vessel for his ejaculated hot sperm, is so enchanting.

	Another cheer is "RAH! RAH! RAH! What a thrill to be 
fucked and filled!".  And another is RAH! RAH! RAH! It's a 
dream to drink hot cock cream!"

	Both Mother Debbie, and Dr. Judy have instilled in me, 
a greater sense of pride at how wonderful it is to be 
uninhibited, effeminate, subservient, and a wanton 
cocksucker and sperm drinker.

	Dr. Judy inspires us to be the type of sweet, 
compliant, acquiescent "Lady Boys" - her words - she says 
men desire. That is, who are sweet, crave to please, and 
eagerly and willingly give themselves to men for sexual 
service and use. 

	Mother Debbie, the Dean of us SLUTS on the other hand 
nurtures and cheers us on when we feel downcast or when we 
need that special hug of encouragement.  Especially when we 
may feel we let a man down when he thought we didn't give 
as good a head job as he thought we should have, or was as 
good a piece of ass as he thought we should've been.

	Don't get me wrong, Mother Debbie always let us know 
we were at fault if a student or a staff member didn't get 
off good as a result of our sucking or fucking actions. She 
and Dr. Judy constantly remind and drill into us, that we 
lowly SLUTS should feel honored that we were chosen to be 
frequently face fucked by the students, and ass and face 
fucked by the staff, at such a prestigious institution as 
Acmeton.
 
	She always chides us to do the best we could to please 
the dicks of the Acmeton men and staff.

	I remember one of the stern talks she had with me.
"The fine men students of Acmeton have given you the 
opportunity to taste their manly tools and to consume and 
ingest their outpouring of hot creamy gooey cum.  For this 
you should be humbled, honored and extremely grateful to 
suckle, sup, and be injected with the sperm from the fine 
Acmeton penises that are pushed into your body."

No matter whether she chided us for not doing what she 
thought was the best we could have done, or counseled and 
got a commitment for us to do better, we all felt better 
after one of her little talks.

	It's not unusual for her to spank or paddle us 
periodically until we are in tears and bawling.  She does 
it to remind us of our subservient station.  We all seem to 
feel better after such severe admonishments. For we knew 
this woman, whom we know cares for us, is only 
demonstrating her affection and love of us by her actions.  

	Actions to remind us of our rightful, and naturally 
inferior, submissive effeminate stature and status. 
Both Mother Debbie and Dr. Judy have also lectured and 
counseled us on the happiness that comes from being treated 
by men in a way that society may say is humiliating and 
degrading. 

	"Dears, If a man slaps you around or manhandles you a 
little bit to get himself in the mood to face or ass fuck 
you, just think of it as foreplay.  Some men like doing 
this, especially to sweet sissies such as your selves.  
It's not unusual.  Don't worry, you can be assured he is 
enjoying himself, therefore so should you enjoy what he is 
doing to you.  Don't get upset in the least, smile, be 
content and lovingly accept his tough manly caresses.  For 
you can rest assured that you will eventually get what you 
want the most, the thrill of his rigid hard dick in you and 
a deposit of his hot manly ejaculate."

	Like me, it appeared most, if not all of us SLUTS were 
accepting, and I guess it's safe to say, comfortable being 
submissive to guys who were assertive and made sexual 
demands on us to be a pussy, or in more street language, a 
bitch, for them.

In fact, most of the other SLUTS I talked too saw it 
as rather natural, and even expected guys to treat us in a 
condescending manner. If not before they got their hard 
throbbing dicks in us, certainly after they'd gotten their 
nuts off in us.

So if we get roughed up and slapped around a bit also, 
many of us accepted that was just par for the course of us 
being the sissies we were.  In addition, we concluded that 
the guys found us so alluring, their shame drives them to 
cover up their lust for us sissies by their abusive 
actions. 

Therefore, in order for us sissies to have the delight 
of such delightful sexual male companionship and to enjoy 
the fruits thereof, being used and slightly abused was the 
price we had to pay.  

However, it appeared also that us SLUTS accepted such 
abusive treatment as a natural thing and came to find that 
it actually lead to the guys being aroused enough to get 
off better in us SLUTS.  In other words they had a harder 
dick and spurted a copious load of cum. These are really 
important things to us SLUTS. Hence, a little roughhousing 
is the price we pay for the pleasure we receive from the 
encounter.

In general I discovered that most of the SLUTS felt 
like me.  That is, that we felt a great deal of respect 
just being selected by a guy so that he could push his 
throbbing aching dick in us to appease his lust and most 
importantly, give us his semen.

To a S.L.U.T., and we all admitted it in various group 
discussions, that we all highly prized having men ejaculate 
in us and leaving sizable deposits of their wonderfully hot 
creamy gluey sperm. We all agreed that walking around with 
a man's ejaculate in us indeed made us feel special, and 
well, womanly.  In our eyes this means so much to us.
Mother Debbie's advice and wise counsel were well 
received and made all of us SLUTS feel more at ease and 
comfortable in our service to the Acmeton students and 
staff.

The more senior SLUTS (i.e., the Sophomores, Juniors, 
and Seniors) had heard her lectures before, but even they 
confessed to us Freshmen, that her continuing words of 
wisdom still inspired them.

One senior told me.  "She is so inspiring.  She has 
caused me to seek the depths of blissful passion and 
happiness that comes from eagerly, willfully, and 
cheerfully submitting to men with hard dicks."

The senior went on to further say "Listen carefully to 
what she and Dr. Judy have to tell you.  They know what 
they're talking about. By adhering to their wise counsel 
and guidance, I have found such great joy and happiness in 
doing things that I once would've thought were humiliating, 
demeaning and degrading or perverted.  But now, the 
teachings of Mother Debbie and Dr. Judy, have helped me 
attain nothing but great happiness from letting men use me 
to their heart's desire."

The senior, whose name was Samantha, told of how happy 
he is to be slapped around and roughhoused before and 
during a mouth fucking by a man with a big hard mouth-
filling dick. 

As he told a group of us newbies about one of his 
favorite students who use to slap as well as spank him hard 
before sex, I could see the obvious joy on his face as he 
recalled the memory of the event.

I think all of us who heard this senior S.L.U.T., 
wished to ascribed to see if we could reach his state of 
blissful enjoyment from pain that a man might inflict on us 
as we eagerly submit and sexually serve.

I know I was excited and anxious to be slapped and 
manhandled by a handsome brawny man and please him in the 
process.  I guess, the old adage, no pain, no gain is 
appropriate here. 

Another very likable quality of Mother Debbie is that 
she often prompts us to be good at all we do.  An example 
of one of her many pep talks goes like this:
"You have the natural makings of a good dick taking 
sissy fag.  But if you apply yourself and take advantage of 
all we train you in, you'll not only become an exceptional 
and very experienced receptacle for men's cocks and cum, 
but you'll also have the distinction of being an Acmeton 
educated sissy SLUT." 

Dr. Judy and Mother Debbie are a delightful support 
team to us SLUTS.  They both have taught us so many 
wonderful things.  Such as how to properly make our faces 
and dress in drag.  Pleasing the students and staff with 
the touch of our hands.  They spend a lot of time with 
teaching us how to use licking and sucking techniques with 
our mouths, as well as how to move our sissy asses to 
arouse and please as we're humped by the men having 
intercourse with us.

I am especially proud of how much progress I've made 
in learning to deep throat big dicks and swallow heavy wads 
of thick cum so easily.

I believe my skills at caressing, licking and sucking 
on a man's scrotum is second to none.
Between my deep throat practice lessons and dick 
training with the students, it seems that my throat has 
become gag resistant and I'm able to handle their gushing 
semen no matter whether they come in the front of my mouth, 
or deep back toward my throat.

I know several of the students and staff have praised 
me for being so talented in that regard.  I just love them 
telling me this after I give them a good sucking and 
they're wiping the head of their seeping dick heads on my 
face or hair or tongue.  Their flattery makes me feel so 
delighted as I'm on my knees looking up at them as they 
stuff their softened cocks in their pants and compose 
themselves.

It's a feeling of having performed a very useful 
service.  The added delight of having a man's hot sperm 
shot off in me makes it all the more pleasant. Often times 
as I get up off my knees and compose myself, I'm usually 
happily humming after such a joyful transfer of hot fresh 
jism from a man's balls into my tummy.

Mother, no matter how many times I've swallowed a 
heavy load of sperm here, it always gives me a thrill.  I 
guess I get a natural high from it all.

When we SLUTS call it the end of another day, there is 
no happier harmonious feeling than returning to our dorms 
with a belly full of sperm, shot off in us from all the 
dicks we've sucked.  Of if fucked, feeling the slimy stuff 
oozing down our thighs.  Most of us return to the dorm in 
both conditions.

Sure we're a bit tired after a hard day of classes, 
studying and of course being fucked top and bottom.  
However, it's a very happy tiredness.  We all go to sleep 
contented and full of pride at our roles at Acmeton.

So in closing mother, you can see that I'm getting 
well adjusted at Acmeton College and getting along fine, 
very fine.  And of course, I'm getting fed very well from 
all the dicks and bloated balls of the virile well endowed 
guys here.

With Love,
Connie

The End????

