Kim Rents a Cabin with Coworkers
byDonnerBBQ©

© 2010 by DonnerBBQ. All rights reserved.

Feedback welcome and appreciated.

*

I've written previously about my 24-year-old wife Kim (see Curtains Removed for Painting and Wife Hosts BBQ for Coworkers). The barbecue that we hosted for her coworkers definitely got out of hand. I was a little worried about possible repercussions as four of her coworkers got to see her private parts. It had started innocently enough with an accidental exposure when Kim removed her sweater, but it evolved from there. Anyway, I was worried that they may talk about it at work and cause her to be uncomfortable there or even get fired. About a week after the BBQ she told me that my fears were unfounded. She said that the guys occasionally hinted at the evening with remarks about sweaters and nightshirts, but they seemed to be sticking to their word about not telling others about the evening. So nothing bad seemed to have come out of it. In fact, it seemed like Kim was enjoying her job a bit more now that she had developed some camaraderie with a few of her coworkers. Still, she knew that things went a bit too far that evening. She blamed it on the alcohol but we both knew that was only part of the story.

Not much happened over the next couple of months as the days grew shorter and colder. One evening Kim came home and told me that she and her friends from work had been discussing renting a cabin for a few days just to get away. They were all enamored by the idea of being in the middle of nowhere with very few people around. They had found a campground that rented out these cabins that were equipped with electricity, heat, and running water. It was late fall now and definitely not peak season for cabin rental, at least for an area without any skiing opportunities.

I asked who was going. She told me that Phil and Kurt would be going, who were two of the guys from the BBQ. Steve apparently had other plans and Tom had since quit the company. Kim said that there were a couple of new guys, Matt and Jeff that would be going. And there was a girl Lauren that had just started at the company who would also be going.

I asked if I was invited. Kim said "Yes, but you're special."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, most people wanted it to only be us from work with no significant others permitted, just to keep the number of people small. But I said I wouldn't go if you didn't come, so they relented and said that you could join us."

Of course I would go. The plan was to leave on Friday night, stay Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights and drive back on Monday morning. I liked the plan as we would each only need to take one day off from work but we'd get a couple full days of R & R. Her coworkers seemed like an okay group of people that knew how to have fun. Kim's BBQ exposure was not off my mind. I knew it could come up in conversation, or that something else may transpire with all of the drinking that would likely take place. I found myself filled with both uncertainty and anticipation.

We drove up on Friday evening in two cars. We had all worked that day so after three hours of driving we were all pretty tired by the time we arrived at the campground.

The cabin was divided into four rooms: a living room, a kitchen, a bathroom and a bedroom. The cabin was clean but the décor was definitely dated. It was only equipped to sleep 6 with three bunk beds crammed into the small bedroom. The living room was fairly spacious with a couch, a love seat and a recliner. The kitchen was just big enough for one person to operate, but it had the basics including a microwave so cooking wouldn't be a problem. There was also a small table with a few chairs for eating. All in all, it wasn't too bad and would suffice for a few days.

After seeing the bedroom we discussed sleeping arrangements. We all brought sleeping bags, but we had 7 people for only six twin beds. One person could have slept out in the living room on the couch, but it wouldn't have been nice to isolate one person from everyone else. Kim and I could have shared a bed, but it would be pretty tight sharing a twin bed. We finally decided to move the dressers into the living room and the couch into the bedroom. We figured that we could just draw straws every night to decide who would sleep on the couch.

While we were tired from the long day, everyone was excited to have arrived and settled in. We cracked open some beers and started drinking. It wasn't long before everyone loosened up. The guys were fairly openly flirting with both Kim and Lauren. Kim was obviously married, but the BBQ must have taught Phil and Kurt that she was still open to having fun and the other guys caught on pretty quickly. Lauren made it clear that she had a boyfriend, but I didn't get the sense that it was really very serious. Lauren was a bit less outgoing than Kim but didn't seem to mind flirting back with the guys.

Lauren actually was a bit of an odd bird. Her face was quite beautiful. If you just saw her sitting at a table, you might even call her a stunner. She had these gorgeous bluish-grey eyes with soft features and long flowing blond hair. However she was the very definition of gangly. She stood 6'2", maybe even 6'3" and moved like she just woke up in her body yesterday. Even getting in and out of the car was an adventure. She was extremely thin and appeared to have virtually no breasts. However, her legs were long and together with her butt were her best assets. She was wearing a pair of jeans that looked fantastic on her and several times I found my eyes wandering up and down her legs. If she could just learn to coordinate her hips and walk properly she would be extremely sexy.

After a couple of rounds of beer I heard the first reference to the events at the BBQ. It was subtle. Phil simply asked Kim where her sweater was. Kim just ignored the question and so did everyone else. But more references by both Phil and Kurt followed. After the fourth or fifth time that Kim's sweater was mentioned Jeff asked, "What the hell are you talking about? What sweater?"

"You'll have to ask Kim. I can't say anything," responded Phil.

Kim turned red and glared at Phil. In defense Phil said, "I haven't said anything!"

Matt, Jeff and Lauren were now all curious about what had happened, and started pressing for answers. Eventually Kim gave a version of the truth, "A couple months ago we hosted a barbecue at our house. There were just a few people remaining when I decided to take off my sweater. Somehow in the process my shirt got entangled in the sweater and my boobs were briefly exposed. So that's why they keep talking about my sweater."

I could see Jeff's and Matt's eyebrows raise, but it looked like they didn't know what to say. Phil finally said, "Yeah, it was pretty cool." I noticed that Kim shot him a look to tell him to shut up and not elaborate. She didn't mind so much if they heard about this accidental exposure, but she surely didn't want them to know about the rather intentional flash she gave everyone when she tried on the additional sweaters.

Jeff pressed on, "What about this nightshirt I've heard mentioned a couple of times?"

Kim turned a darker shade of red, and then gave an explanation. "A few people decided to crash at our house rather than go home in their drunken state. I went upstairs to go to sleep and changed into a nightshirt. I later came back down to bring bedding to the guys. I was really drunk at that point and didn't realize that the shirt was a bit see-through. Of course nobody bothered to tell me until after I had been walking around for a while!"

I was waiting to see if Phil and Kurt would let her get away with this version of the truth. Kim kept looking at them as well, so I think that she somehow impressed upon them to keep quiet. Again, this version didn't seem so bad but I was sure that she'd prefer for them to not know that she danced in the shirt, repeatedly flashing her ass and pussy to the guys. I watched Lauren's reaction as Kim told of her exposure. Lauren didn't seem offended but may have been a bit embarrassed by the discussion. I also got the sense that she felt somewhat left out as all of the attention was now on Kim.

The conversation turned to other matters and people kept drinking. Every once in a while her exposure would come up again and a few additional details would leak out such as that the nightshirt was more than just a bit transparent or that Kim didn't wear anything underneath it. When someone mentioned that Kim danced in the nightshirt, Kim just responded, "We were ALL dancing!"

A bit later Matt asked if Kim was going to sleep in nightshirts here. It was an interesting question.

"Well, I was planning to, but now I'm not so sure! I might just sleep in my clothes now." Kim stated.

I could tell that she was just having fun with them. I really couldn't imagine Kim sleeping in her clothes.

"No, you should wear your nightshirts. I'm sure we all would hate for you to be uncomfortable sleeping in your clothes on our account," said Phil.

"Yeah, I bet," Kim said.

Before long we decided to call it a night. Matt just volunteered to sleep on the couch so that was settled easily. Kim claimed a lower bed and I took the bunk above her. When Kim and Lauren went into the bathroom to change, I'm sure we all wondered what they would be wearing when they came out. Lauren appeared first, wearing a pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt. I must admit that I was a bit disappointed. I was hoping to see her wearing something a bit sexier that would show off her long legs. Kim came out wearing one of her most conservative nightshirts. It was nearly to her knees and far too heavy to be see-through. I knew that Kim wouldn't be wearing anything underneath it, but it was thick and long enough to not matter. Phil and Kurt appeared disappointed that it was not the same shirt from the BBQ but neither said anything. I think we were all extremely tired at that point and we all just got in our beds and crawled into our sleeping bags.

We turned off the bedroom light but left the bedroom and bathroom doors open and the bathroom light on. The result was that the bedroom was darkened, but not really dark. It gave us plenty of light to find our ways to the bathroom in the middle of the night. As I looked out into the room I could still see people pretty well.

When I woke at first light I was covered in sweat. Even with the door open, the bedroom got quite hot and stuffy with 7 people in there. I could hear others stirring too so I knew that we would all be getting up pretty early. I peered over the edge of the bed to see if Kim was still in bed. She was. Within fifteen minutes we all got up and started our day. We spent about an hour and a half taking turns showering and having breakfast. We then headed off for a long hike.

After we got back, most of us showered for the second time. When Kim went into the bathroom to take hers I went in with her to keep her company. A couple of minutes into her shower, Lauren slipped in to use the sink and mirror. She told Kim that the guys were discussing the firing of one of their coworkers, Joyce. Lauren said that the guys were saying that they thought that Joyce kept slacking off and deserved to be fired. Kim popped her head out from behind the curtain and she looked absolutely, positively infuriated. "Hey!" she screamed out from the shower to get the guys attention.

A muffled voice from outside the bathroom asked "Huh?" It was clear that they really couldn't hear her.

Kim said, "Lauren, open the door a bit. I need to talk to them."

Lauren opened the door about 6 inches. Kim then tried to confirm that the guys could hear her, but they indicated that they could only barely make out her words. I could see one of the guys right by the bathroom door. Kim then told Lauren to just open the door all the way. "They can't see through this curtain anyway," she said.

Kim was essentially right. The curtain was fairly thick with a flowery pattern on it. As long as Kim didn't press her body against the curtain, they would only be able to see a dark form moving behind it. Lauren opened up the door all the way, and standing outside were Phil and Matt. They quickly turned to look into the bathroom. A moment later Kurt and Jeff appeared in the doorway as well, with everyone looking towards the shower. Even though I knew that they couldn't see anything, I found it strangely arousing that my wife was stark naked behind the curtain just a couple of feet away from them.

Now that everyone was present, Kim told us about overhearing one of the managers saying a bunch of mean things about Joyce to another manager shortly before she was fired. Kim said that it sounded like he had it out for her for some reason and was not being fair. Kim and the guys were all talking about it but Lauren and I didn't have much to add to the conversation as Joyce was before Lauren's time and I wouldn't have known Joyce from the mailman. As Kim spoke with the guys, they slowly filtered further into the bathroom while Lauren and I were crowded out. In the end Lauren and I ended up standing just outside the bathroom door while all four guys stood in the bathroom talking to my showering wife.

Several times Kim bumped into the curtain with her arm, causing an alluring flesh tone to momentarily appear through the curtain. Even more seductively, each time a slight gap formed between the end of the curtain and the wall on one end of the shower or the other, providing a brief but limited view into the shower. I never actually saw Kim from where I was standing, but I had to wonder whether the guys in the bathroom might have caught glimpses of her.

Kim shut the shower off. She reached her hand out and asked for a towel. Matt was nearest to her towel, so he handed it to her and her hand escaped back into the shower with the towel. Kim's dark form fluttered as she dried herself off in the shower. Meanwhile, they all kept talking as if nothing was out of the ordinary. Finally, Kim emerged from the shower with the towel wrapped tightly around her.

The guys backed up slightly to give her room to exit the shower, but didn't immediately vacate the bathroom. As Kim reached for her fresh set of clothes, the guys just stood and watched her. I normally couldn't imagine her just dropping her towel and dressing in front of them, but I started to fear that she was about to do just that.

She then looked at the guys and said, "Okay, give me a minute here."

"Aw, can't we watch?" asked Phil.

"No!" Kim replied with a laugh. "Get out," she added.

They all filed out of the bathroom and Kim closed the door. A minute later she emerged dressed normally and just like that the situation was over. Even though nobody saw anything and nothing inappropriate happened, it definitely added to the sexual charge that was brewing.

On Saturday night we barbequed some hamburgers, made a campfire and drank more. The guys added a lot of sexual humor and innuendo to the conversation, with it directed more at Kim than Lauren. As had happened the previous night, I sensed that Lauren was feeling a bit out of place with the guys mainly fixated on Kim. I think some of it had to do with Kim's playful personality, but the accidental and intentional exposures at our BBQ surely didn't discourage the guys from joking with her about sexual topics.

When we all decided to call it a night, Kim and Lauren went into the bedroom to change and closed the door. We zeroed in on Kim when she came out because she had put on a different nightshirt. This one extended down to her mid-thigh, so it was shorter than the one from the previous night. It wasn't as see-through as the one from our home BBQ, but it was pretty sexy. As she walked around the material glided gently over her curves, providing not-so-subtle clues as to the shape of her body. Phil remarked, "Oh that's better than the one from last night. Good choice."

Kim smiled and said, "I'm wearing it because it will be cooler, not for your benefit!"

A moment later, Lauren lumbered from the bedroom wearing sweat shorts and a t-shirt. While I'm sure that we were all happy to see a bit of leg from Lauren, there was a definite air of disappointment in the room. Matt said, "Lauren, you're with friends. You should loosen up and wear something like what Kim has on."

Lauren looked down self-consciously at her attire. Then Kim said, "Lauren, I have an extra nightshirt you could put on instead if you want."

That opened the floodgates. The guys started encouraging Lauren to do so, telling her she'd feel cooler and more comfortable, that she'd look sexier, that she'd sleep better, have better dreams, and on and on. They were clearly joking but I think Lauren enjoyed the attention and eventually agreed to look at what Kim had. Kim grabbed her suitcase and the girls went back into the bedroom and closed the door. All of the guys, myself included, waited anxiously to see how Lauren would look.

The girls were in the bedroom for maybe ten minutes. We could hear them whispering, but couldn't make out what they were saying. A couple of times we could hear them laughing. Finally, the bedroom door creaked open and Kim stuck her head out. "Okay, we're ready but there was a problem," she said.

"Problem?" I asked.

"Yeah, well, I only brought three nightshirts. The heavy one from last night that I sweat profusely in, the one I was wearing tonight, and a third one that is a little more revealing. It's really not a good fit for Lauren, so we've switched. "

"Well, let's see!" Matt said enthusiastically. I don't think anyone cared who was wearing what, as long as there was more skin.

Lauren came out first. I must say that she looked sexy as hell, at least when she was standing still. It was a delight to be able to see more of her fine legs. The nightshirt, which came to mid-thigh on Kim, only covered about a quarter of Lauren's thigh. It was obvious that Lauren was wearing panties, but I couldn't blame her in that short of a nightshirt. As I wrote earlier, Lauren had very little of a chest but you could see her nipples poking through the material. I mostly just focused on her legs and ass. The guys all complemented her on how she looked and Lauren seemed to revel in the spotlight. We all then anxiously waited for Kim to come out in her "more revealing" nightshirt.

When the door opened all eyes were on it. Kim appeared and walked slowly into the living room. My first reaction was relief. I was concerned that she was going to put on something ridiculously transparent. She didn't. But Kim was right, it was more revealing. It was actually a night slip, with shoulder straps instead of sleeves that left the arms completely bare. The neck was deep and the shoulder straps were long enough to expose the tops of Kim's breasts. It was obvious that she wouldn't have to bend over much to reveal her bare tits. The slip was only mildly see-thru, so it was very sexy but not slutty. Like the nightshirt that Kim was previously wearing, the slip extended about half way down Kim's thigh.

The guys all complemented her new attire and Kim ate up the attention. While everyone had previously indicated their desire to go to bed, the guys were now obviously trying to delay. But both Kim and Lauren refused to sit down and before long they went off to brush their teeth and made it real clear that they were done for the evening. After a few minutes, we all headed to bed. Kurt volunteered for the couch this time and I again slept on a top bunk with Kim below me.

In the morning I woke again as soon as the sun rose. When I looked out across the room I could see that Matt and Jeff were also awake but it seemed like everyone else was sleeping. I noticed that they both seemed to be staring across the room at Kim. As soon as I raised my head they caught sight of my movement and turned away. I peeked over the edge of the bed to see what they were staring at. Of course it was Kim, who was still sleeping. Kim must have been hot again because she had unzipped and opened the sleeping bag to her waist. And then I saw what they were really staring at. Her left shoulder strap had slipped off her shoulder and was resting on her upper arm. This caused her left breast to completely fall out of the slip. Matt and Jeff weren't just staring at Kim; they were staring at her bare tit!

I looked back out into the room and saw that Matt and Jeff were taking in the sight of Kim's breast again. Well, I couldn't just leave her like that so I whispered her name to try to wake her. I had to do so again before I saw her slowly open her eyes. I then whispered, "Check your top."

Kim lifted her head slightly and looked down. I saw her eyes widen as she realized her tit was exposed. She quickly pulled up her shoulder strap to re-cover her breast. Kim then looked out into the room to see everyone watching her. My whispering must have woken the others up. Kim looked pretty embarrassed even in her groggy state.

I don't know if it was the slight hangovers that we all had or what, but strangely nobody said a word about seeing Kim's breast. Nobody commented on it at all. It was like it didn't even happen.

We got up and started taking our showers and having breakfast. Lauren was one of the first to shower so we didn't get to watch her for long wearing Kim's nightshirt. Kim however, was one of the last of us to take a shower. For a good hour she walked around the cabin while we all watched her every move. I don't think anyone could keep their eyes off her body in that slip. Even standing straight up, the tops of her breasts were bare. She would not have to lean forward much to provide a fantastic down-blouse view of her tits. Believe me, everyone knew it but nobody said a word as if they were afraid to let her know the danger she was in. I figured she had to know so I kept waiting and watching to see if she was going to bend over to scratch her foot or pick up something on the floor. It was so strange knowing that at any moment several guys could get to see her tits. Once or twice Kim leaned forward slightly and I think a couple of the guys that were right in front of her got treated to a better view of her breasts, but I was never in a good position to see exactly what they saw. Otherwise, Kim managed to not reveal too much while waiting for her turn to cleanse.

Kim entered the bathroom to take her shower. Lauren was in there with her and they closed the door. I heard the water start and a moment later Lauren exited but left the door fully ajar. I figured that she just forgot to close it so I asked, "Lauren, the door?"

"Kim wanted it open for the airflow," replied Lauren.

Kim had the door open during yesterday's shower and I figured that this was no different, so I just said "Okay."

Almost immediately the guys started meandering towards the bathroom to talk with Kim. They all tried to make it look like they had a good reason for going into the bathroom, but their real intentions were obvious. I joined them because I wanted to watch what was going on.

While in the shower, Phil asked, "Can you show us your boob again?"

Kim laughed and said, "No, I think you saw it enough!" She then added, "Does anyone know how long it was out?"

Matt answered, "I noticed it about an hour earlier when I went to use the bathroom, so at least an hour."

"You could have told me!" said Kim.

"I didn't want to wake you. And it's not like I minded the view. I never could fall back asleep," said Matt.

"So you just stared at my boob for an hour?" Kim asked incredulously.

"More or less," answered Matt.

When Kim finished her shower she asked if someone could hand her a towel. Simultaneously, Kim reached her hand and then her entire arm out from behind the curtain. As her hand waited patiently for a towel to be placed in it, her chest was pressed right up against the shower curtain. While fine details of her breasts were masked, there was no doubt what the pinkish orbs behind the curtain were. The guys simply stared. I wasn't sure whether it warranted saying something or not. It wasn't like they could really see anything, but it wasn't an ordinary view either. After several moments Kim asked again for someone to hand her a towel and Kurt finally did. Kim dried herself off and then came out again with just the towel around her and dressed after kicking everyone out of the bathroom.

We didn't do much of anything on Sunday. We were a bit sore from Saturday's hike, so we just drove around a nearby town, walked around the campground some, and simply hung out at the cabin. The night, as usual, was filled with drinking. We actually drank pretty heavily that night, probably because we hadn't done much during the day and it was our last night at the cabin. It was the most drunk that Kim and I had gotten in a long time. Kim even drank some vodka that Phil brought, which surprised me because she usually stayed away from the hard stuff.

The guys, as usual, joked a lot about sex. I was not surprised when Kurt suggested playing strip poker or truth or dare, but the girls shot that idea down pretty quickly. Not long thereafter Kim and Lauren disappeared into the bedroom. When they came out they were wearing the same night shirt and slip from the night before. It was obvious that the change was for the guys' benefit this time as nobody appeared even near ready to go to bed. Kim pulled me aside and told me that she had also convinced Lauren to not wear panties this time. I took that as a sign that I was pretty drunk as I should have noticed that myself. Now that I knew I couldn't stop staring at her. I kept waiting for Lauren to sit down but they both remained standing, obviously aware of the dangers of sitting.

A bit later Lauren started to walk towards the kitchen. With Lauren's back turned, Kim waved her arms to get everyone's attention and snuck up behind her. Kim reached out and quickly lifted up the back of Lauren's nightshirt. Kim really didn't lift it all that high, but high enough to expose the bottom half of Lauren's butt. Lauren let out a cute little scream and quickly pulled the shirt down to ensure that she was covered. Lauren looked shocked and embarrassed, but she was also smiling. The guys started making various comments about her butt that only embarrassed her further. Still, from her reaction I don't think that she entirely minded the attention.

Once the excitement died down Lauren took her revenge. Kim was walking back to the living room to deliver a couple of beers. Lauren casually came up beside her and pulled one of Kim's shoulder straps down. Kim's tit immediately fell out of the shirt, in full view of everyone. Kim looked down to see her tit out, and seemed more surprised than embarrassed. But a smile crossed her lips when she looked back up to see everyone staring at her. She was still holding an open beer in each hand so it took her a moment to pull up the strap and cover herself again.

The guys immediately began encouraging Kim to retaliate. They suggested stripping the shirt right off her, leaving her completely nude. Kim appeared to be thinking about it and Lauren looked adorably petrified. I began to imagine the two of them wrestling around, grabbing at each other's shirts right in front of the guys. While Lauren was taller, Kim was likely stronger and certainly more dexterous so there was little doubt who would win such an encounter. But just as my mind started to get carried away thinking about it, Kim and Lauren made a truce to stop flashing each other. The guys groaned expressively as we all sensed that we were on the verge of something pretty fantastic. Alas, it was not to be. Still, they were both standing and walking around in fairly revealing attire so we really couldn't complain.

Maybe an hour later people really started to crash. Several of us headed to the bedroom to go to sleep but Lauren and a couple of the guys still seemed to be drinking and not quite ready to go to sleep. Kim volunteered for the couch and I took a bottom bunk. I figured I'd let some other drunkard deal with a top bunk. Those of us in the bedroom really just collapsed in our beds and nobody bothered to turn off the light. I realized it was on but I just didn't care. I, like everyone else, was pretty loaded.

In my drunken state I passed in and out of consciousness quite a bit. The first time that I recall it seemed like it had just been a few minutes. Lauren, Matt and Phil were still in the living room and the bedroom light was still on. Kim was asleep on the couch but I noticed that she had unzipped her sleeping bag completely and had nothing but the slip covering her. Further, one of her shoulder straps had fallen again and one breast was just about to escape the confines of the slip. She looked extremely sexy but I couldn't just leave her like that. I got up and fixed her strap and then I pulled the sleeping bag back over her but without zipping it up. I then crashed back in bed.

I woke up again shortly thereafter and noticed that again Kim had pushed the sleeping bag covering off of her. The shoulder strap had again slid off her shoulder and her breast had fallen completely out. I looked around and Kurt seemed to be asleep but Jeff was awake and staring at Kim. I again got up and fixed her strap, but I left the sleeping bag off of her as I figured that she must be hot. I could tell that she had been tossing and turning a ton, something that I attributed largely to the vodka that she was wholly unaccustomed to drinking.

Again I passed out and woke again when Phil made some noise entering the room. I looked over at Kim and this time both of her breasts had fallen out of the slip. Further, she must have been twisting quite a bit because the bottom of the slip had risen up to her waist, exposing her pussy. Jeff was still awake watching Kim, and Phil had definitely taken notice of Kim. So I got up again, fixed her top and pulled down the bottom of her slip. I then crashed down again. I was so tired.

When I woke again, Kim's slip was just bunched together around her stomach, leaving her tits and pussy completely on display. Matt and Phil were standing by the doorway with drinks in their hands and looking into the bedroom while Lauren was sleeping on a lower bunk. Kurt and Jeff were in their beds but also awake with their eyes glued to Kim's body. The bedroom light was still on so they all could see her real well. The thought crossed my mind that these were her coworkers that were staring at her nakedness. They saw her on a daily basis and interacted with her regularly, and they were seeing everything on her. Phil and Kurt had seen relatively brief flashes at the BBQ at our house, but it was nothing like this long and drawn out exposure that was happening now.

I looked back at Kim and observed that she did seem to be writhing quite a bit, like she was having bad dreams or was just uncomfortable on the couch. Still, I was surprised at just how quickly she kept squirming out of that slip.

I was about to get up to cover her again when Kim woke up. Her eyes remained mostly closed as she swung her legs off the couch and sat up. The guys were all staring at her but not saying a word. She just sat for a few seconds as she got her bearings. Her hand grasped the slip that encircled her stomach and she looked down at it with an irritated expression on her face. The slip must have been bothersome as she pulled it right off of her and tossed it on the floor. Now she was sitting completely nude on the couch, with four of her coworkers gawking at her.

She looked up and noticed them watching her, but she really didn't have much of a reaction to it. No smile, no embarrassment, no expression of concern, just a blank stare. I think she really wasn't feeling well due to the booze and appeared to not be at all concerned about being seen naked. She stood up and started heading for the bedroom door. As she walked towards the door she had to pass right by Phil and Matt. Matt was standing right in the doorway and both Matt and Kim had to turn sideways for there to be enough room for Kim to pass by. I couldn't be sure, but it looked like their bodies may have grazed slightly as she passed by.

After she exited the bedroom they turned to watch her butt. At this point I was content to simply monitor the situation, but if they started to follow her I knew I would have to get up. They didn't. I heard her go into the bathroom and we all just waited in awkward silence. She returned just a few minutes later, went straight to the couch and collapsed nude face down on top of her sleeping bag. It was obvious that she wasn't worried about them seeing her naked at this point so I figured there wasn't much point to keep covering her up. It looked like she passed out nearly immediately. I stayed awake for a couple of minutes longer, watching the guys gawk at Kim.

Over the next half hour I woke up several more times. I'm sure some of my restlessness was due to the alcohol, but I was also very aware that my wife was naked in a room full of intoxicated men. Each time I woke I saw Kim in a different position. Sometimes she was on her stomach with her ass in full view. Other times she was on her side. And one time she was on her back with one leg bent and the other straight, which caused her pussy to be completely exposed. Besides Kurt, who had passed out again, all of the guys were awake and watching Kim sleep in the nude. At one point I woke and noticed that both Phil and Matt had gotten into their beds and turned out the light. With that I think I finally felt comfortable to sleep, and sleep I did.

We all woke in the morning when someone drove a truck right by our cabin. The sun had obviously been up for some time because the room was filled with natural light. Kim sat up on the couch, still nude. I saw her put her hand to her head and I knew that she had a serious hangover. She wasn't the only one. We were all in pain. I heard several people moan and groan. I think I was one of them.

After a couple of minutes, people finally started talking. It wasn't long before Kim's nakedness was brought up. Kurt asked if Kim lost her clothes. Kim explained that the slip kept falling off her and was bugging her, so eventually she pulled it off.

"Well, thanks!" said Kurt.

The other guys added their thanks too. Kim, for the first time this morning, smiled.

Moments later Kim declared her need for painkillers and water, and stood up with all eyes on her. She picked her night slip off the floor and walked out of the room, still completely nude. We all started getting up too. As I entered the living room I saw that Kim was fetching a new shirt to put on, and I felt some relief that she wasn't planning on just walking around nude all morning. The shirt she chose was just an ordinary t-shirt and when she slipped it on her butt and crotch remained exposed. She immediately dug back into her suitcase and pulled out a pair of panties. She held them up and said, "I wish I had packed some shorts, but I guess these will have to do."

With that, she put them on and closed her suitcase. I can't say at that point that I was surprised that she would walk around in a t-shirt and panties. Relatively speaking, she almost seemed over-dressed.

It was a slow morning. We all just hung out in the living room waiting for the painkillers, water and coffee to kick in. Simultaneously, I think the guys' collective libido gradually awoke as well, motivated by the visual stimuli of two scantily clad women. The guys were mainly focused on Lauren now. They kept encouraging her to sit down, telling her she was welcome to take the shirt off if she was hot, and asking Kim to lift the shirt up again. Every time there was a comment Lauren would laugh or simply smile, which only encouraged the guys further.

Eventually, Lauren went into the bathroom to shower. Just after the shower started, Kim began walking to the bathroom. I was zeroed in on the door. If Kim was going to open the door briefly to enter, I didn't want to miss a chance to sneak a peek at Lauren. My hopes weren't high; I figured that she was already in the shower. But it didn't cost anything to look, so I did.

When Kim opened the door I realized I was out of luck. I could see a dark form that was Lauren behind the curtain, but that was it. Then to my surprise, Kim did not close the door behind her. Immediately we all headed towards the bathroom for a better look. Lauren realized that the door was open and asked Kim, "What are you doing? Why's the door open?" with alarm in her voice.

Kim didn't answer her question but instead told her, "Nobody can see through the curtain anyway. Don't worry about it."

"You know, this shower isn't really that big. This damn curtain keeps getting in my way and I can't keep it closed very well. People are going to be able to see in!" Lauren said, sounding more panicked.

"You've got to be kidding me; the shower's plenty big. There's enough room in there for two people," said Kim.

Lauren didn't respond. Then Kim said, "Here, I'll prove it."

Suddenly Kim reached down and pulled her night slip right off her, leaving her completely naked again. Even though everyone had already seen her naked, all of the guys appeared happy to get another look. To me it felt like it was a bit much. Losing her night slip while she was drunk and fitfully sleeping was one thing; it could be blamed on the booze. But this was intentional and she was sober. Regardless, her four coworkers were again taking in the sight of my wife's naked body.

Kim then opened up the shower curtain about a third of the way. I caught a brief glimpse of Lauren's back and butt before she realized what was happening. Lauren squealed and quickly covered her butt with one hand. Kim hopped in and immediately closed the curtain again.

Lauren was completely panicked now, asking her what she was doing. Kim told her she was just proving that the shower was big enough for two. Before long they were both giggling so Lauren didn't really appear to be upset about it. All of us guys were smiling, looking at each other with raised eyebrows. The curtain was popping out periodically and we'd occasionally get a fantastic but brief glimpse of the side of one of their bodies.

All of a sudden Phil asked, "Is there room enough for one more in there?"

A couple of the guys laughed but then Kim answered, "Sure Phil, come on in!"

I was in shock, and I mean, a complete, jaw-dropping, eye-bulging state of shock. Did my wife just invite another man to join her in the shower?

Lauren let out an eek while Kim laughed. Meanwhile Phil wasted no time dropping his shorts and heading towards the shower. Now Lauren was on the right side of the shower while Kim was on the left. Phil opened up the left side of the curtain and quickly stepped in, leaving my wife in the middle of Phil and Lauren.

This shower was just ordinary in size. With two people it had to be a little cramped but with three I knew it must be snug. They were all laughing a bit nervously. Every few moments one of the girls would let out a brief scream that would be followed by more laughter. When Kim said, "Hey, watch that thing" I had to wonder what had just happened. I knew that it was unavoidable that their bodies would touch, but I wondered just how much contact there really was.

I looked at the other guys and they were certainly enjoying it, but I knew that they must have felt envious of Phil. Then Matt said, "Okay, let's try four" and dropped his shorts.

Lauren said, "No, three's enough!" but then a burst of laughter came from the shower.

Matt pulled the curtain from the right to get in next to Lauren. With the curtain aside and Lauren already crammed as far right as she could go, we all got a perfect view of Lauren's naked body. Lauren screamed, more because Matt was going to push in than from being seen nude, and said, "Really, there's no room!"

It was obvious that she was right. Matt proceeded anyway and started to squeeze in between Kim and Lauren. There really wasn't room and it looked like he could just get a leg and an arm in. Then Lauren declared, "Okay, I'm getting out," and started exiting the shower. 

As Lauren stepped out I got a fantastic full frontal view of her lean body. She was really incredible-looking and the wetness from the shower and the embarrassment on her face only heighted her beauty. She quickly grabbed a towel and fled the bathroom but the image of her naked body will remain with me for some time.

Meanwhile I realized that Kim was now in the shower, sandwiched tightly between Phil and Matt. Kim was just giggling constantly but there really wasn't any conversation. Their shadows were moving about so it was obvious that they weren't just standing still in there. I could only imagine what was really going on in the shower.

It then occurred to me that this was too much. I never want to embarrass my wife by saying in front of others what she can or can't do, but she was crossing a line here. I started heading towards to the shower with the intent of pulling the curtain aside, dragging her out of the shower and seeing if I needed to kick someone's ass. But before I reached the shower I heard Kim declare, "Okay, okay, okay, okay, I'm done!" sounding like she hit her limit.

Kim suddenly pulled the shower curtain to the side. Kim was wedged tightly in between Phil and Matt, both of whom were facing her. Phil was behind her with his hardened dick pressing against her upper butt. His chest was touching her back and his hands were floating breast-level, just an inch from the sides of her breasts. Matt was also stiff, with his cock in firm contact with her stomach. Kim's breasts were pressing into his chest. I could only see one of Matt's hands and it was resting on her upper thigh.

Kim was smiling as she squeezed her way out from the shower. She grabbed a towel and quickly exited the bathroom. The guys exited too and they all dressed. Surprisingly little was said about the shower. Perhaps people didn't know what to say.

The rest of the morning we just focused on packing up and doing a quick clean of the cabin. I was looking forward to talking with Kim in private, but I knew that was going to have to wait until we got back into town. Before we left, Kim told everyone that they had better not say anything to anyone about this weekend. "If I even hear anyone mention the word 'shower' at work I swear that nothing like this will ever happen again," she told them, while staring at Phil. They all agreed, but I surprised that she was even hinting that there might be a next time.

Back at our house, we were finally able to talk in private.

"Well, that was an interesting weekend," I said with emphasis on the word 'interesting'.

"Yeah, I guess things got a little out of hand. Remind me not to drink that much vodka again! It really did a number on me. I slept terribly last night. I probably shouldn't have decided to sleep on the couch as it was way too firm. I was always hot and itchy and I know that my shirt was irritating the hell out of me because it was wet and always sticking to me. I remember at some point waking up and my shirt was just around my waist, so I took it off without thinking about it. Then I noticed that the guys were watching me. I realized I was naked, but at that point they had seen me and really, I was much more concerned about my thumping head. I haven't had a headache like that in a long, long time. After that there wasn't much point in worrying about whether I was naked or not. I really didn't intend to sleep in the nude; it just sort of happened. You'll notice that I did put a shirt back on in the morning before we went out to have coffee. I thought about just staying nude, but I decided that it might look inappropriate."

"Yeah, it would have been a bit much. But what possessed you to get in the shower with Lauren?" I asked.

Kim exhaled, looking both nervous and embarrassed as she recalled the event. "Well, it started because I was trying to have fun. The guys really seemed like they wanted to see more of Lauren and I knew Lauren was enjoying the attention, so I just tried facilitate it. I just planned to let them watch her in the shower like they watched me, knowing that they really couldn't see much anyway. After Lauren whined about the shower being small it occurred to me that it would be really sexy if Lauren and I were both showering while the guys watched. So I hopped in.

"Now you couldn't see it and she probably wouldn't admit it, but Lauren loved it. I'm sure of it. She was so embarrassed but had a smile from ear to ear. And I was getting a kick out of embarrassing her. So when Phil asked about coming in, I said 'sure' just to see Lauren's reaction but not really expecting him to do so. Then, all of sudden, he got in.

"I thought it was pretty funny, him getting in with us all naked. Lauren was totally freaking out and I just couldn't believe that he actually got in. And with three people it was pretty tight. I could feel Phil's body right against my back. He grew hard and I could feel his pecker pressing against my butt. Nobody really knew what to do with their hands and touching each other was rather unavoidable. Phil initially rested his hands on my back, but then they started roaming a bit."

"Roaming?" I asked.

"Well, he dropped his hands and they were on my hips, but then they rubbed across my butt for a bit. Then he brought them up to my back again, and moved them out to the side with his fingers grazing the sides of my breasts. It wasn't like he was just grabbing and groping me all over, but he was definitely taking advantage of the close confines.

"Then Matt got in and Lauren left. I thought it was hilarious that Matt just invited himself in and Lauren's reaction to him trying to squeeze in between us was priceless. But then there I was wedged in between the two of them. Matt was instantly hard and we were facing each other, like nose to nose. My tits were pushing right into his chest, but there was just no room in there. Matt's hands were roaming too but they were usually around my breasts."

"He was grabbing your breasts?" I asked.

"Yeah, pretty much. Well, maybe not 'grabbing' really, but he kept leaning back and letting his hands rub across my tits. Then Phil started getting bolder and was trying to get his hands on my tits, but kept running into Matt's hands, and so their hands started kind of wrestling each other to be on my tits. The whole thing was hysterical and totally out of control. Then Matt reached one hand down and started sliding it towards my pussy and I could feel Phil begin to grind his cock against my ass. I knew that it was time to end it and I got out."

"Wow, it sounds like you got out just in time," I said. It was all I could say. I couldn't believe that they had their hands on her tits and ass. And her reaction to the whole thing seemed to be that it was only a bit inappropriate, but otherwise 'hysterical.' I can't say that I found it to be 'hysterical.' I had a lot of thoughts and feelings about it, but that wasn't one of them. I did find it to be arousing, and that part of me prevented me from discouraging her behavior. But I was also frightened. I knew it was a dangerous trajectory to be on. It wasn't like she was cheating or anything. It was all in the open and she wasn't developing relationships with them. She was simply being flirty and having fun. As long as it stayed that way, I figured I was okay with it, and the part of me that found it arousing would look forward to it continuing. At the same time, I started to feel like we were playing with fire. 