From the outside, and despite the general degeneracy of the neighborhood, the church is small and immaculate. In fact, ‘immaculate’ is its name: St. Mary of the Immaculate Heart. It’s only four blocks from the Moonlight Motel, so Sam has been passing it nearly every day, but up until now he’s only been paying it the most cursory of attention.

He turned his back on God when He took Dean away the first time.

He wouldn’t be standing out front staring at it now except that he can’t forget the feel of being buried in his brother and, when coupled with the driving need to find Dean already, the guilt is driving him insane. He needs some release—needs forgiveness—and if he can’t get that from Dean, then maybe this will be enough.

Sam doesn’t think about his mother much, but she’s on his mind as he slinks inside the church. He has no idea what she was like—can only go by Dean’s stories and a ghost he saw for less than a minute—but he can almost feel her presence as he crosses the threshold. This is her place, after all: it bears her name and Sam has long since stopped believing in coincidences.

He can’t tell if she hates him or not. She should, the way he’s fucked up with Dean—first Stanford, then Dad’s death and the argument that came after, and as if that weren’t enough, there’s still that sick desire he has to sink underneath his brother’s skin: to taste him. He’s the one who should have apologized to her.

There are more signs of neglect inside the church than without, as though the priests have decided to put all of their money and effort into drawing people inside and don’t much care whether they get anything out of the Mass once they’re in the seats. There aren’t enough candles to fill the rusting sconces, and the floors are coated with a thick layer of grime. The pews are rickety: some of them bear crude carvings that the priests have only made a half-hearted attempt to scrub away: Lil G Wuz Here, Jesus Can Suck My Cock, Father Humphry Gave Me AIDS – Alter Boy.

The people here have given up on God, or maybe He’s given up on them: either way it amounts to the same thing. The whole dismal, uncaring air makes Sam’s chest ache, but it feels right for his purpose. He would have been too ashamed to make this particular act of contrition in a clean place.

Although it’s halfway through the posted time for confession, there’s no sign of anyone in the nave. The other churches Sam has been to have never had actual lines, of course—confession isn’t Pirates of the Caribbean—but there’s usually a good crowd of people in the pews, either waiting their turn or completing whatever penance they’ve been assigned. Here, Sam’s only company is a few pigeons roosting in the organ pipes.

He heads over to the confessional, thankful that this church is old enough to be equipped with a box: this is going to be hard enough to confess without having to look the priest in the eye while he does it. Just outside the door, he hesitates, overcome with the certainty that the priests have given up on this ritual as thoroughly as the parishioners and there’s no one home. That means that Sam will have to hunt someone down, and he doesn’t think he’s quite dedicated enough to do that. His skin is already itching for him to get out of here.

This is a dead place, and he doesn’t belong.

Sam is about to turn tail and run when a warm voice from the priest’s side of the confessional calls, “I’m here, son. Come on in.”

The cushion on the kneeler is little more than a layer of fabric, but Sam drops down on it anyway. Folding his hands on the narrow, dust-covered rail, he faces the slatted window and waits for the priest to intone the blessing. Once that bit of ritual is over with, he licks his lip and begins.

He gets as far as “It’s been one year since my last confession” before he realizes that he doesn’t have anything to confess.

Sure, there are things he could say—‘I’ve been having lustful thoughts about my brother,’ for starters—but for a confession to work you actually have to repent your sins. And Sam has just come to the startling realization that he doesn’t repent feeling this way about Dean. He can’t.

It isn’t that he’s comfortable with the depth and direction of his feelings for his brother: he still feels wrong, and the guilt of thinking of Dean like that is bitter and thick on his tongue. But guilt doesn’t necessarily equal repentance. He would welcome another dream like last night’s, even though he knows that waking up to another cooling mess between his legs would sicken him.

“My son?” the priest prods.

Sam realizes that he has stopped talking. He doesn’t know how long he’s been sitting in the semi-gloom of the confessional, thinking about the fact that he’s mostly okay with wanting to fuck his brother.

“Sorry, Father. I—this was a mistake.” He starts to rise only to be halted by the priest’s voice.

“If you were Called here, then it isn’t a mistake. Surely something prompted you to come this morning.”

Sam hesitates. The scent of whatever incense the priests use here is thick on the air. It smells as dismal as the rest of the church looks: pungent with a ruffling undercurrent—something uncomfortably reminiscent of sulfur.

“If you just need someone to talk to, I’m a good listener,” the priest continues. “We don’t necessarily have to make this a full confession, although I certainly promise to abide by the rules of confidentiality.”

Sam lets out a low, humorless laugh. “I wouldn’t know where to start.”

“The beginning is generally regarded as a good place.”

This time Sam’s laugh is louder and a little wild. He knows he sounds unhinged, but he can’t help himself. The beginning. Like he and Dean ever had a beginning. Sam can’t remember a time when Dean wasn’t swaggering through his life, leaving smudges on everything like a greedy, grubby-fingered child.

“We’d be here all day,” he says. After floundering for a point he can reasonably begin from, he continues, “My Dad died last year, and my brother—Dean—he, uh, took it kind of hard.”

“Dean’s older?”

“Four years,” Sam agrees. “He practically raised me. Dad was—he wasn’t around a lot.”

“I see,” the priest says, but he doesn’t. This frocked stranger can’t even begin to comprehend what it was like to grow up as a Winchester.

Even when Sam was still being lied to, in those early years, he felt the strangeness of his own existence in a hundred shitty motel rooms. He felt it in the way that the people in his kindergarten class spoke words that he didn’t understand: ‘party’, ‘home’, ‘mom.’ In the way that Dad would come back bruised and bleeding more often than not until the smell of disinfectant and copper were more familiar than the movie-theater scent of stale, buttered popcorn or the odor of the pepperoni and pineapple pizzas Dean preferred whenever they were in funds.

Sometimes he felt so far from the people around him that he thought he was living on the moon. Even Dad and Bobby were impossibly distant at times: foreboding, serious men who handled guns with the familiar ease Sam’s teacher at school wielded chalk.

Dean was the only one who was always in reach: swiping candy bars from gas stations when no one was looking and stuffing them in Sam’s pocket on the way to the car; wrestling Sam into the shower and then chasing him as he sprinted, naked and soapy and laughing, through their rented apartment; shaking him awake from fevered nightmares and then holding him awkwardly in the dark until the shivers went away.

And then later, after that wretched Christmas when Sam read Dad’s journal and uncovered the truth of his strange, drifting life … God, how could this priest have any idea what it was like waiting for his father and brother to come back from a hunt? Wondering where his brother would be bleeding from this time, or if Dean would even be alive.

Once, when Sam was fourteen, Dad returned Dean pale, blood-soaked and unconscious, dumping him on Sam with a grunted, ‘don’t let him get up by himself’ before disappearing back out the door. As if running around was going to be a problem when Dean wouldn’t even open his eyes no matter how loud Sam yelled or how hard he shook him.

As he sat by his brother’s bed waiting desperately to see if Dean was going to wake up at all, Sam knew for the first time that he couldn’t keep doing this. And when Dean finally stirred and the first words out of his mouth were, ‘Did we get it?’, he knew with a sinking hopelessness that Dean would never stop.

How the hell can anyone know what that felt like? Sam went through it, and sometimes he doesn’t even know.

“He faked his own death,” Sam says with that bloodied, half-aware image of an eighteen-year-old Dean before his eyes. “He. There was a body, it w-was so badly burnt and I—I thought—they told me that—I thought he was gone.”

This is the part where the priest is supposed to be shocked and overcome with morbid curiosity, but instead the voice that floats to Sam through the slatted window is as infuriatingly calm as ever. “That must have hurt a great deal.”

There’s no hint of censure in the priest’s voice, but Sam is overcome with the irrational certainty that the man is judging Dean. And no stranger is going to judge his brother. They don’t have the right.

“He didn’t want to hurt me,” Sam says. “He’s … sick.”

So is Sam. God, what are they using for incense anyway? The scent of it is just getting stronger, clogging his throat and making him shift uncomfortably. His fingers slip along the ledge beneath the confessional window, shaking the dust loose and sending up a veritable cloud of motes into the shadowed box. The smell that’s been putting him so on edge jumps markedly and he sucks in a harsh, understanding breath.

There is no incense.

Sam scrambles to his feet before he thinks it through and has to bite back a curse once he realizes what he’s done. He’s unarmed except for the knife strapped to his calf: hasn’t bothered with holy water since Dean’s ‘death’, and knows that, even if he could get that far, there won’t be any in the fonts by the door. He might have gotten out of this if he’d played dumb, but there’s no chance of that now.

Sure enough, the priest—the demon—gives a low laugh and then says, “Aw, don’t be like that! See, if you run, I’m gonna have to kill you. And I really don’t want to do that. Not yet, anyway.”

Sam swallows with difficulty and, despite the fear pounding through him, doesn’t move. “What do you want?”

“Well, I was hoping for a confession.” The voice lifts, simpering, “I’m so lost, Father. I keep having these horrible, naughty thoughts about my brother …”

Sam’s stomach lurches: part revulsion, part anger. “Shut up,” he growls.

The demon chuckles. “Don’t you want to tell me about it? Come on, Sammy: gimme all those wicked details.”

The fact that it knows his name doesn’t mean much: demons can read surface thoughts and the fact that it knows about Dean—knows that specifically—means that it has been indulging in that particular parlor trick. No, it’s the way the demon is speaking that tips him off. Something in the insinuating, familiar way it wraps its borrowed tongue around the words.

“Who are you?” he demands.

There’s a short pause and then, conversationally, the demon says, “I went to see you, you know. In Lawrence. You were sobbing like a little girl over Dean’s grave while he and Singer laughed their asses off.”

He knows that the part about Dean and Bobby isn’t true, but that doesn’t stop his breath from giving a short, pained hitch.

“Oh, I’m sorry,” the demon continues, its voice dripping with false sincerity. “Did that hurt your feelings? I did try to tell you that he wasn’t any good for you.”

Blonde woman by the side of the road, small and pixyish and reminding him faintly of Jess. Sam killed that girl as surely as Dean believed he had: first knocking over the alter and then reading out the exorcism. He could have stopped that second time: he’d known that the girl would die, they both had. But when Dean made the decision, Sam didn’t hesitate and, unlike his brother, he never looked back.

“Meg,” he says, giving the demon the only name he has for it.

“Not anymore, thanks to you two,” the demon replies. “Right now, I’m in what you might call a transitional phase. A Jason here, a Selma there … Cleaning up Azazel’s mess.”

“Azazel,” Sam repeats blankly.

“Yellow eyes, had a hard on for pinning your nearest and dearest to the ceiling?” It pauses and then asks, “You ever wonder why he didn’t do Dean?”

Sam had. Even before he knew just how fucked up over his brother he really is, he knew that Dean is the most important person in his life: magnetic North to every compass he will ever navigate by.

“He only—he said Mom and Jess were in the way.”

“Mmm,” Meg murmurs in agreement. “Dean, though … Dean was leading you right where Azazel wanted you. He would have let you keep him, you know. Once he was all nice and broken in. Had a collar and leash all picked out for him.” Leering. Full of sensual insinuations. “Betcha wish you hadn’t shot old Azzie now, huh?”

It’s fucked up, but there is a part of Sam that wishes he hadn’t been so quick on the draw. Because then Dean, no matter how restrained and damaged, would be here with him instead of who the hell knows where having God knows what done to him. There are shades of Hell, Sam understands, and he can’t decide which is worse: the limbo he’s stuck in now or the crimson-dusted dream of Azazel’s might-have-been.

“I wish we’d had enough bullets to shoot both of you,” Sam says finally. It’s a little too late to be convincing and Meg laughs.

“And here I thought we had a connection.” There’s a sound on the confessional wall between them: nails scraping over wood. “Do you ever dream of me, Sam? Of Meg’s meat riding you hard and tight, just the way you like it? You wouldn’t have had to hold back. Could have fucked as long and hard as you wanted for once without worrying you were gonna hurt me. Not like poor Jess.”

Coming on top of everything it just said about Dean, Jess’ name hurts. “Shut up about Jess,” he snaps. “You don’t know anything about her.”

“You telling me you never made her cry?” Meg pushes. “Too hard, too fast, just too much for her poor, defenseless flesh?”

The denial sticks in Sam’s throat. Once, that had been. Once and in the morning, when the alcoholic daze wore off and he saw the bruises on her hips—perfect imprints of his hands—he was sickened.

Jess wasn’t too phased. Shrugged it off with a soft smile and a ‘rough is fine every once in a while, baby. Just remember not all of us are built like you.’

Her words—her forgiveness—didn’t take the bitter edge off his guilt.

It occurs to Sam now that the reason he went on that drinking binge in the first place was that it was Dean’s birthday. Dean’s birthday and Christ, but he was missing his brother so goddamned much. He wanted to call, but he wasn’t even sure if Dean was alive. Didn’t want to take the risk of Dad answering Dean’s phone and telling him in a soft, broken voice that there was a ghost, or a black dog, or a ghoul, and so sorry Charlie but Dean didn’t make it.

So he waited for Dean to call him, burying his fear in the beers and the shots he kept tossing back until he was drunk enough that it didn’t matter. Nothing fucking mattered. And Dean never called, and eventually Jess came and dragged him out of the bar and back to bed.

There’s a hazy wash of liquor-tinted memory connected to their coupling that night: memories Sam has never looked too closely at. All these years, he’s been telling himself that he avoided them was because he was ashamed of how heavy-handed he’d been, but he’s been lying.

Now, letting himself think of that night for the first time in almost four years, he remembers thinking of Dean as he pushed into Jess. Remembers thinking of his brother’s slow smile, and the splatter of freckles over the bridge of his nose, and the ginkgo constellation of his chest, and the broad strength of his back.

He remembers thinking that he was angry with Dean for not calling—for leaving him in this horrible wash of uncertainty—but he was lying to himself even as he fucked himself to a bitter, hostile conclusion. He wasn’t angry with Dean: he was disgusted with his own desires. Had to bite his lip bloody to keep Dean’s name from tumbling out of his mouth when he came.

“My, isn’t your mind an interesting place these days,” Meg comments.

Trembling a little with the force of the memory, Sam clenches his hands into useless fists.

“Poor, poor Jess,” Meg muses. “Barely cold in her grave and you were already working out how to tumble your brother into bed.”

“That’s a lie,” Sam rasps.

“Is it? You sure you weren’t being just a little bit needier … a little colder … so that big brother would trip over himself trying to make you happy?”

Oh God, was he? Sam doesn’t know anymore. Maybe he was. God knows there had been plenty of nights when he felt shuttered and lost, and sat hunched in on himself over the single beer he’d been nursing all evening. But then Dean would shrug off his latest conquest to sit by Sam’s side, shoulders bumping companionably as he talked about the old days, old hunts, old escapades. Close enough that Sam could see the corners of his eyes crinkle when he laughed. And a warm, happy little flush would chase the shadows in Sam’s chest away as he filled himself with Dean’s light.

But Sam didn’t … he didn’t manipulate those moments, did he? Dean offered those of his own free will.

“Sure he did. Because of course Dean would rather be hanging out with his sour-faced baby brother than fucking some tight-bodied slut.” That laugh again, condescending and amused. “Talk about living in denial, Sammy.”

Meg’s words are closing on his stomach and chest like fists, but he can’t let her get to him like this. He has to keep his head if he’s going to get out of this and save Dean. Thankfully, forcing his own emotions aside isn’t hard: Sam’s been running numb for months.

“What the fuck do you want, Meg?” he asks when he’s as calm as he’s going to get.

“I told you, I’m cleaning up Azazel’s mess. Hunting down all of his mistakes and wiping the slate clean.”

“Mistakes,” Sam repeats, tasting the word.

“What, you didn’t think you were the only one, did you, Sammy?”

Sam thinks of Max’s desperate, tear-streaked face and shakes his head. “No.”

“It’s taken me a while—Daddy sure got around in his time—but I’m almost done. I saved you for last, Sam.”

“I’m flattered.”

“You should be. I’ve got a soft spot for you, kiddo. You’re just such a nice guy. Well, a nice guy who wants to fuck his big brother, but hey, who am I to throw stones?”

And suddenly, despite his numbness, Sam has had enough. He can’t take Meg lashing him with his feelings for Dean anymore. He doesn’t have a chance in hell, of course, but that doesn’t stop him from bursting his way out of the confessional in a bid for the main doors of the church.

He takes three strides and then the door on the priest’s side of the confessional explodes out in a shower of splinters. When Sam glances over his shoulder, he sees a man in a priest’s collar stroll out from the wreckage. The man has obviously been ridden hard: so thin he’s almost skeletal, face drawn, eyes too wide and beetle black.

There’s no warning. One moment Sam is sprinting for the door, the next a bolt of power is lifting him off his feet and tossing him into the pews. He hits his shoulder on the wooden back and lets out a pained shout as he crashes into an awkward heap, half-on and half-off the bench. His entire right arm has gone numb, but his shoulder is a screaming burn of agony and sweat—he’s pretty sure it’s sweat and not blood—rolls down the side of his face as he tries to right himself. If his shoulder isn’t actually broken or dislocated, he’s still going to be sporting one hell of a bruise tomorrow.

If he lives that long.

“Sammy, Sammy, Sammy,” Meg purrs with the priest’s voice. She grabs his shirt and drags him up so that he’s kneeling on the bench with one knee. “We were talking. Not too polite to run off like that.”

Sam knows it’s a futile gesture, but he claws at the priest’s hands anyway. One of the man’s sleeves tears beneath his fingers, flapping open to reveal a forearm lacerated with bloodied scratches. There are burn marks seared into the skin as well, fresh wounds layered on top of new in a roadmap of self-inflicted pain.

Did the priest do that himself in some small moment of lucidity, trying to burn the dark thing inside of himself out? Or are those marks Meg’s doing? But even at a glance, Sam can tell that some of those marks are well over a year old, and he knows first-hand that this particular demon was still coasting along in Meg’s body when they were inflicted.

It’s a puzzle he doesn’t have time to solve while he dangles in Meg’s grip, but the answer falls into his lap when the priest’s face almost seems to bulge. Sam is reminded absurdly of the Bugs Bunny cartoons he watched when he was a kid: the bulge that ripples through the man’s flesh is strongly reminiscent of Bugs’ tunnels.

It isn’t Bugs’ voice that booms out at him, but it isn’t the one Meg has been using either. This voice is deeper, and it carries none of Meg’s affected lilt. “So this is Samuel Winchester. Gotta say, I’m a little disappointed.”

What the fuck?

The priest’s head ticks to one side with such violence that Sam hears his neck snap, and when he speaks again, it’s with a third voice: soft and lisping. “Oh, let’s keep him for a while. So much lovely flesh to paint with pretty colors.”

Spittle flies from the man’s lips as his head shakes so rapidly that his face is nothing more than a blur. When he stills again, his mouth is set in an angry glower. “He’s mine.”

It’s Meg again. Sam isn’t sure how he knows, but he does.

“Jesus, how many of you are in there?” he breathes.

Meg’s curls the priest’s lips into an amused smile. “My name is Legion, for we are many.”

It isn’t one voice that speaks. It isn’t even a dozen. It sounds like hundreds, male and female and sexless all blending together in a mind-numbing roar. Sam can’t comprehend how the priest’s body isn’t splitting apart with that many demons crammed into it.

“It’s a little crowded in here.” Meg’s back at the controls, dragging him out from the pews and into the center aisle. “But that’s okay. I’m ready for a change of venue.”

She tosses him onto the stone floor and then, before he can do more than scramble onto his hands and knees, latches onto his hair and jerks him up so that he’s kneeling with his back stretched at an agonizing angle. He tries to reach over his head to strike at her and then gives up with a sharp exhale when his right shoulder screams in protest.

“Gonna pay Dean a little visit, Sammy,” Meg whispers in his ear. “Just you and me. You think he’ll figure out that you’re not the one at the controls when I’m fucking him into the ground?”

Sam’s entire body rebels at the threat, but his mind latches onto the tiny kernel of hope she just offered him. “You know where he is,” he says.

“Of course I know. We all do.” Meg chuckles as she edges around to his side, still keeping a tight grip on his hair. “Oh, it’s too rich. The great Dean Winchester brought low …”

“Where is he?” Sam demands. “Goddamn it, Meg, tell me where he is!”

“I’ll do you one better, Sam: I’ll take you there. If you’re a good boy, I may even let you out long enough to get a few thrusts of your own in. Now open up.” Meg releases his hair and then, lightning fast, grips his chin and starts forcing his mouth open.

No, Sam thinks desperately. He isn’t thinking of himself but of Dean. Of what Meg will do to Dean with his body. He won’t let her take him. He can’t. Clenching his jaw, he resists the press of the priest’s fingers.

“Come on, Sammy: smile pretty for me,” Meg purrs, pushing harder.

His jaw slips open an inch before he can stop it and he sucks in a panicked breath.

“Gonna have so much fun, the three of us. Just like old times. Well, except this time Dean’s gonna get fucked as well as bled, but I really think it’s time to take this relationship to the next level.”

Sam’s mouth slips open further and he knows that he can’t stop this. Futile rage and despair shudder through his body and he opens up on his own to shout, “Go to hell!”

Something deep in his head twists and his vision is overcome with a white wash of pain. When he can see again, Meg is backing away and something warm and wet is dripping from his nose. Blood. Sam presses the back of his weakened right hand against his nose to stem the flow and watches as the priest’s skin seems to ripple and swell.

“No,” Meg whispers through his mouth, and then the priest’s head falls back and his jaw gapes. His throat undulates as smoke pours past his lips, blacker than night and twice as dense. The demons scream with their thousand voices as they’re expelled, filling the church with echoes of furious madness. Multi-colored eyes peer out at him hatefully from the swirling darkness: mostly black, but he catches some glints of gold and red and once a flash of mottled purple.

The ceiling of the church is all but obscured by the massive cloud now, but demons continue to stream from the priest’s mouth. There’s a low rumbling that seems to shake the building’s very foundations and then the still growing cloud punches through one of the stained glass windows with a musical tinkle of shattering glass that’s at odds with the demons’ howling. As the demons begin to funnel out through the opening, a gale sweeps through the nave, ruffling Sam’s hair and catching at his clothes.

It seems to go on forever—one long vomitous expulsion of darkness that Sam can’t quite wrap his head around—and then, finally, the priest’s mouth closes and his body collapses to the stone floor. As the last of the demons stream out through the window, Sam half crawls, half stumbles across the floor to the priest’s side.

“Hey,” he says, grabbing the man’s shoulder.

The priest gives a short, pained cry and vomits onto the stones. It’s mostly blood—some fresh, but mingled with clotted, almost black clumps as well—and Sam doesn’t know if it’s because of whatever he just did or if the demons played with their ‘meatsuit’ too hard. Carefully, he rolls the man over and then winces when he sees his face.

Blood drips from his lips and stains his teeth red. More of the liquid—thick and already congealing—gushes from his nose, ears, and eyes and slicks his skin. He reaches for Sam blindly—can’t see past the blood—and finds Sam’s shirt with one, shaking hand.

“I thought they were angels,” the priest chokes out wetly, and then goes still.

Sam already knows he won’t find one, but he takes a moment to feel for a pulse anyway. Mostly because he doesn’t know what else to do. When he’s assured himself that the priest is, in fact, dead, he lays the man’s body down on the floor and sits back. Runs his left hand through his hair without thinking about it and smears himself with the dead man’s blood.

Jesus, what just happened? If Sam didn’t know better, then he’d say that he just exorcised the demons by telling them to get out. But that’s impossible, isn’t it? He can’t do shit like that: he’s only ever had dreams and visions, and even those have deserted him since the yellow-eyed demon—Azazel—died.

No, that’s not true, he reminds himself. There was something else. Once.

Once, when Dean was in danger. When he’d needed to dig deep inside of himself for a miracle in order to save his brother’s life. The parallels of the situations don’t escape him.

Gradually, he becomes aware of a growing clamor outside. Exorcisms aren’t quiet affairs at the best of times, and this particular one was a little too loud to be ignored. Sam’s pretty sure that the only reason the concerned citizenry gathering at the front doors haven’t burst inside yet is that they’re familiar with this place. They know it the way a man knows his rotting tooth. Won’t poke it with his tongue until he’s absolutely forced to.

But it’s only a matter of time before a cop drives by—sooner rather than later in a neighborhood like this. No cop worth his badge would ignore the murmuring, fearful crowd of people on the church steps. When they come, hands on holsters and hearts pounding with the sick fear this defiled place has inspired for God only knows how long, Sam can’t afford to be found sitting next to the priest’s bloodied, reeking body. Not when Dean’s life is at stake.

When he finally gets himself moving, though, he doesn’t head for the exit. Instead, he jogs clumsily for the small door to the right of the pulpit. There’s a narrow hallway on the other side, leading down a flight of stairs and ending in a closed wooden door with a gold nameplate (Father Matthews) on the outside. If the door is locked, Sam is fucked because he doesn’t have time to pick it and he didn’t bother checking the priest—Matthews, apparently—for keys.

The latch turns easily under his hand, and he steps into a nightmare. The police are going to have a field day trying to unravel this mess. There are going to be inquiries, and the church is going to be scrambling to get a cover up in place as face as they can say ‘no comment’.

Instead of the religious icons and inspirational posters Sam would expect to see lining the walls of a priest’s office, the stone here is covered with knives and whips. Lovingly oiled scourges and cuffs and axes and a serrated saw and something that looks like a branding iron. There’s blood on most of them, and the wall by the priest’s desk is devoted to photographs: trophies of the tortures that the demons inhabiting the priest have inflicted on his parish.

They’ve been busy.

Sam doesn’t let himself examine the photographs very closely: there’s too much red on that wall for him to feel any curiosity on the subject. Instead, he moves to the desk and shoves a few loose papers (fragments of a sermon on Hellfire and Damnation) onto the floor. The old, leather bound journal the papers were hiding doesn’t look like anything special, but he knows as soon as his fingers brush its black cover that he has found what he was looking for.

Tucking the book underneath his arm, Sam is out one of the side doors well before the first horrified scream echoes out through the shattered remnants of the stained glass window.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
The page that Sam wants is marked with a metal bookmark reading, Lord, Make Me an Instrument of Thy Peace. It’s a summoning ritual. Not some crackerjack box imitation cooked up by a wannabe devil worshiper, but an ancient, powerful mesh of word and deed. The header at the top, written in the same cramped, spidery hand as the rest of it, reads, To Summone The Mynisterf Of Hif Wille On Earthe.

Looking at the header, Sam understands the priest’s final, broken words. The book must have fallen into the man’s hands—was perhaps placed there—and the priest naturally assumed that the ‘him’ in question was God. He thought that he found a way to summon angels.

Sam runs his fingertips over the words and can see the priest in his mind. Younger then, and innocent: with his face beaming and his hair a uniform chestnut. A little plump around the midsection from too many hours spent studying and writing sermons. He can see Matthews setting up the summoning circle and performing the ritual with trembling, ecstatic hands. Sees the demons come in a whirlwind of black and cram themselves into his body. Sees the horrified realization in his eyes just before the black overtakes them.

But how the hell did he manage to get so many demons inside of him?

Sam searches for an answer in the ritual and finds it almost at once. The endings of some of the words have been scribbled out, and new ones written in by another, neater hand. Singular to plural.

After all, why summon one angel when you can summon an entire flock?

“You stupid bastard,” Sam whispers, but there’s no real scorn in him. Only weariness and a slow throb of pity.

He sits over the book for a long time, reading through the ritual over and over again and trying to figure out why he took it. Why this page in particular is drawing him in like a beacon: like Dean’s wide, taunting smile. When it hits him, his breath catches at the very audacity of the idea.

‘Of course I know. We all do,’ Meg said. When she thought she had Sam cornered, and the information could do nothing but hurt.

But Sam is here, and still his own man, and now he knows that he has the means to compel them to tell him exactly where Dean is, if he can only summon up the courage.

And a demon.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
He takes every precaution.

A call to Pastor Jim’s successor gets him the name of a local priest who knows the old consecration rituals well enough to sanctify all of Sam’s tiny motel room but a small, two meter wide circle that Sam marks off. The man doesn’t ask questions outright, but his eyes are more than a little curious while he works. On his way out, he pauses in the doorway and says, “I don’t know exactly what you’re planning, son, but there are other ways.”

Sam returns his gaze. Steady. Calm again now that he’s doing what needs to be done. “No,” he says, “There really aren’t.”

The priest pales and drops his eyes. “Go with God, then,” he intones, and sketches a shaky cross in Sam’s direction before letting himself out.

Later that afternoon, when Sam is out picking up the vervain, incense and black candles he needs for the ritual, his cell rings. He thumbs it out, glances down at the caller id, and considers ignoring it. Then again, she’s just going to keep calling until he picks up.

He flips open the phone and says without preamble, “I know what I’m doing.”

Missouri’s voice comes back, angry and frightened, with: “You actually believe that and you’re a damn fool, boy. Now, I don’t know what you think you’re playing at, but—”

“I’m getting Dean back,” Sam interrupts. “He’s mine.” Although his voice doesn’t shake, the calm shield shudders alarmingly.

Missouri sucks a breath in as though she caught a better glimpse of the wild need raging just out of sight than Sam did. “Honey, these things you’re dealing with are no good,” she tries more softly. “Not just the demons, but the darkness inside of yourself. It can consume you, if you aren’t careful.”

Sam nods, thinking of Dean’s eyes; of his brother’s hands tapping out the drum line of Zeppelin’s Black Dog as they speed down the highway at eighty miles an hour; of the comfortable, warm smell of Impala and Dean and the open road.

“I don’t give a fuck,” he says pleasantly, and then hangs up.

When his phone starts ringing again, he turns it over, pulls out the battery, and goes about his business.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
There’s no dread as he finally stands in his darkened motel room chanting the words from the dead priest’s book. Only a thrum of anticipation electrifying his skin. Only Dean’s face before his eyes, and his own will gathered to shove behind the one question he has for whatever son of a bitch shows up in the summoning circle.

Where the fuck is my brother?

He slits the skin of his palm with a knife Dean gave him for his tenth birthday and lets the blood dribble onto the burning vervain. There’s a flash of light and smoke and then silence.

Sam waits.

He’s still waiting when Bobby breaks down the door three hours later, sweating and frantic and swearing up a storm. Bobby comes to a halt just inside the room, his eyes darting from the candles to the circle to Sam himself, kneeling there with blood caked on his palm and dull, defeated eyes.

“They won’t come,” Sam says. “I did everything right, I know I did. Why didn’t they come?”

Bobby flicks on the overhead light and then edges cautiously forward to snuff out the candles. The room blurs and Sam is crying, clutching the book to his chest and weeping hopelessly. It feels like losing Dean all over again.

“Why didn’t they come, Bobby?” he repeats as Bobby hauls him to his feet and leads him over to the bathroom.

“I don’t know, but you’re lucky as hell they didn’t. Now hold still and let me get this clean.” He shoves Sam’s hand under the faucet: lets the water carry some of the blood away.

Sam watches it swirl down the drain, reddened by the coin he paid for the demon’s passage. Lucky, he thinks, but he doesn’t feel lucky. He feels damned.

In his numbed mind he hears Meg’s laughing, malicious voice. ‘You didn’t really think we were just going to hand Dean over to you, did you?’ Amused, cruel laughter. ‘Oh, Sammy, how stupid do you think we are?’