The Election
by FunKelly 

The Election. Part 6

Orientation and classes started on Thursday and life at 'The Academy' seemed as normal as at any other school. That would change, at least for me, on Monday. I woke, dressed and made my way to the cafeteria. After leaving the breakfast line and taking a seat at a table with some girls I had met over the weekend, everyone started turning their attention towards the cafeteria entrance. On day three of the school semester, a completely naked male student, wearing nothing but sneakers and a back pack for his school supplies, had walked into the dining area. Everyone stood up and called out, "Happy Birthday!", while some added his name, "Allen", to their birthdays wishes, They then started to cheer on the brazen young man.

Allen smiled, mouthed the words, "Thank you", then took his place in the breakfast line, as if it were no big deal that he was completely naked in front of everyone! Carla of course made an appearance to also wish Allen, a happy birthday. She then took the seat next to me, and asked, "How's it going, Amber ?" I replied, "Good", as she looked at Allen, and said, "Come on October 5th" (referring to her own birthday) in a whisper, meant for just me. "How's the journalism class going ?", she then asked. With my head still spinning from what I had just witnessed, I again replied, "Good". She got up from the table, and said, "The two candidates for 'Student Body Representative' will be announced by text, and e-mail, on Wednesday. Good luck, Amber", then walked out of the cafeteria.

I turned back to the bowl of fruit and coffee I was having for breakfast, while trying to discreetly locate Allen, among the clothed students and faculty members, which wasn't hard. I was unable to ignore the naked male student, as he was starting his day, full nude, in such a public venue. I observed the others in the cafeteria, and started to feel like I was the only one who was astonished by his shameless public display. I finished my breakfast, made another coffee to go, then headed for my first journalism module of the day, unable to dispel Allen's naked exhibition from my mind's eye. Before I arrived at classroom, I, along with all the journalism students, received a text message from the instructor.

"All journalism students. Your first assignment of the semester, is to interview someone at 'The Academy', using only paper and pencil. You will need to compile your notes, edit them to provide only the relative points of the interview, then put them together in a clear and concise format. Your work should be prepared, so as to be professional enough to be submitted for consideration, for a 'Special Addition' of the school's newsletter. Good luck and I'll see you in the morning along with your submissions".

I immediately about faced, and rushed back to the cafeteria, hoping I wasn't too late to ask Allen for an interview. I caught him as he was leaving the dining area, took a deep breath, then walked up to the naked young man. "Excuse me, Allen", I said. He looked down at me, smiled and replied, "Yes. May I help you?" Struggling to maintain my composure, I responded, saying, "My name is Amber. I am a journalism student here at the school, and just received this text message from my instructor", as I showed him the text. I immediately plunged into my question concerning an interview, before he could surmise my intentions, and decline before I could even ask.

Allen looked at me, and asked, "Amber. Does your aspiration to interview me have anything to do with the fact that I am naked ?", he asked. Out of nowhere, I replied, "I just thought the readers of the 'School Newsletter', may like to know what is is like to be the first 'Birthday Boy' of the school year", focusing on my eye to eye contact, attempting to keep from staring at his penis. "Good answer", he replied, as he smiled and winked at me. "When would you like to conduct this interview ?', he asked. "How about right now ?", I replied. Allen removed his backpack, as dozens of students were leaving the cafeteria, on their way to their first classes of the day. They were wishing him 'Happy Birthday', when I noticed a few students from my journalism class standing by. They were wishing they had gotten to Allen before I did, hoping to have the opportunity to conduct an interview with the first 'Birthday Suit-Birthday Boy', of the school year.

Allen appeared to be oblivious to his own nakedness, as he reached into his backpack to retrieve his phone, while thanking the students for their birthday wishes as they passed by us. He started to send a text message, when he said, "Let me make sure it's alright with my 'Theatre Director', that I will be late to the creative instruction segment of the class". Within moments, he said, "All set. He said I can make it up later. Now Amber. Where would you like to carry out the interview ?' My time learning the campus was about to pay off. The main college building had over a dozen small rooms for private studies spread throughout the building, since each student had a roommate. My roommate however, was coming in from Asia, and was delayed a few days. She was expected in today.

I led Allen to one of the private rooms away from the main hallway, to insure some level of privacy. The hallways were mostly cleared out by the time we arrived at the room I had chosen. Fortunately it was vacant. I positioned the Wing Back Chair Allen was to sit in, with his back to the wood and glass door, in an attempt to keep him from becoming distracted by any onlookers who might pass by. I took the other chair, faced it toward him, and explained that cell phones could not be in use, due to the directive of the journalism instructor. Allen removed his backpack, placed his muted cell phone in it, then placed it on the floor, as he took his seat. I did the same with my phone, took out my notebook and pencil, then sat in my chair, across from the unabashed naked young man.

As I was settling in for my very first interview, Allen did the unthinkable. He started to gently rub his penis. I said, Excuse me. What are you doing ?" His reply was incorrigible, and given with a tone that showed a complete lack of propriety. "I'm sorry. Does this bother you?", he asked. Attempting to appear in control of the situation, I sarcastically replied, "Allen! It makes giving an interview a bit awkward". He simply responded, "Amber. I'm sure there will many instances in your career as a journalist, that your surroundings or the circumstances you find yourself in, may make you feel apprehensive or uncomfortable, but isn't that the business of journalism ?", he asked, still massaging his manhood.

Determined not to blow my very first interview, I stiffened my spine, cleared my throat, and said, "Well O.k. then". I looked Allen in the eyes, and asked him, "Allen. When did you first decide to celebrate your birthday here at 'The Academy', in the nude ?", turning to the blank pages of my notebook, both for a distraction, and to be prepared to record his response. Allen went on to tell me he had been looking forward to this day since he found out this past summer, that total nudity was permitted on your birthday. He also went on to tell me how he had been to both "Nude" and "Clothing optional" beaches. He continued to describe in detail, the day he spent in San Francisco this past summer, at the 'Folsom Street Fair', which I would Google later.

Allen then leaned forward, still caressing his genitals, but not to an erection, and said, "Out of all of my naked excursions Amber, this is my favorite. Do you want to know why?", he asked. I looked to the notes I had written on my notepad, still striving to be as professional as one can be when the subject of their interview is a completely naked man, who is stroking his penis, and replied, "Sure Allen. Tell me why this experience is different from the others". He replied with great exuberance, "Because no one else is naked! Amber! You can not image the 'Rush' you get when you are the 'Only One Naked', among a group of clothed people! The senses of overwhelming humiliation and vulnerability, combined with the feelings of unexpected empowerment, is totally exhilarating!

"RUSH". That was the third time someone used that word when describing the feelings of being either, 'Nude in Public', or 'The Only One Naked'. Allen continued to describe in detail, the euphoric sensation he felt during the time from when he left his dorm room totally naked, made his way down to the cafeteria, and right up until now. "The only concern I had Amber", he confessed, "Was that I would get an erection in public", he said. "But it's not like that", he continued. "Like I explained earlier. It's the combined emotions of embarrassment, vulnerability and empowerment, that make the experience so fulfilling". I scrambled to take notes on his every word.


The Election. Part 7

I continued to ignore Allen's perpetual fondling of his genitalia, looked up from my note pad, and asked, "Allen. After this interview, where would you most like to go in your present state?" He finally stopped massaging himself, and went into a mode of deep thought. After a few moments in thought, he blurted out, "I would like to be in Time Square on the 4th of July, in the middle of the day, totally naked and being painted by an artist, while thousands of people are walking by every hour, many of which would stop to take photos". "Why on July 4th ?", I asked. "Because I know the weather would most likely be favorable for being completely naked", he replied.

Before I could respond to Allen's admission of his 'Only One Naked' - 'Nude in Public' fantasy, he said, "But since it's not the 4th of July Amber, what do say we continue the interview, as we walk around the campus". "My thoughts exactly", I thought to myself. The room was getting a bit stuffy and Allen's incessant massaging was making it difficult to concentrate. Allen and I both put on our back packs, leaving our phones in them, then headed out into the hallway. Holding only my notebook and pencil, I asked Allen my next question. "Allen. Do you plan on playing any nude parts in this year's theatre productions ?", not letting on that I had met Elliot a few days earlier. His reply was classic Allen.

"I certainly hope so !", he declared. "I also submitted some short scripts that strategically have the nude theatrical roles as minor parts. I'm hoping I'll be cast in those roles also, if they come to fruition. The school's response to the submissions however, was encouraging", he continued, as we casually strolled through the hallways of the main campus building. "Their reply stated that even if the scripts are not chosen to be sanctioned by the school, students are permitted to use the school facilities and assemble actors from the 'Theatre Class' for their productions, as long as it's on their own time and viewers can not be charged to see the productions. The themes of any script or play submitted that include naked actors, must be based on light hearted nudity and not pornography", he continued.

Allen snickered, as he said, "Amber. I didn't enroll in The Academy's' theatre curriculum to make porn movies. I came here to continue my aspirations as a serious stage actor, but why not enjoy the freedom of public nudity while I'm here", he continued, as several students walked by us, wishing him a 'Happy Birthday'. "Do you plan on Life Modeling for the art classes ?", I asked. He turned to me, and replied, "I'm already on the list of models. I signed up this summer, when I enrolled for classes. My first session is Thursday, and I can't wait".

"What about you, Amber. Are you going to pose nude for a class or two, this year?", Allen asked. "You really should try it at least once. It's so invigorating", he continued. "Allen", I said. "I respect and admire your position on public nudity, but it's not for me", I replied. "When's your birthday, Amber?", he inquired. "November", I replied, purposely leaving out the date. "Are you at least going to celebrate your birthday in the nude?", he asked. "No Allen, I'm not. Like I said, it's not for me", I answered, while preparing my next question, hoping to deflect the subject from my public nudity, back to Allen's. After all, he was the one walking through the school totally naked at the moment.

"Allen. How long are you planning to stay naked today?", I asked. "Right up until midnight, Amber", he answered, obviously reveling in his nakedness, as we continued to walk through the school. As we arrived at Allen's theatre classroom, I said, "One last question". Allen gave me his full attention, as I said, "Allen. This final question is not sanctioned in any way by 'The Academy' or any of it's faculty or school representatives, and you don't have to answer it". He eagerly looked at me, waiting to hear the final question of the interview. "What is your sexual identity?", I asked, cringing as the words left my mouth. I was ill prepared for Allen's response.

"Amber. I don't mind the question one bit", he said. "For the record, I am Bi-Sexual", he casually replied. He then continued saying, "Amber. If you would shed that prison of bodily cover (referring to my pink sundress) you're wearing, then unlock the chains of you bra and panties and spread your legs apart, I would find my way through your little forest, because I'm willing to bet you trim but don't shave your public hair. I would then part your pussy lips and lick your clitoris until you squirted, leaving you emotionally exhausted but completely sexually satisfied from the experience. I would finish by I licking up every drop of your cum, then remove the few public hairs that would undoubtedly be stuck in my teeth", as he licked his lips.

Completely Stunned, I squeaked out the words, "Thank you for the interview", then practically ran away, as Allen walked into his theatre class, totally naked. I could hear the class simultaneously call out "Happy Birthday Allen", from the distance. I quickly made my way to my dorm room, walked in and locked the door. Not noticing a suitcase placed on the far side of the bed next to mine, I stripped off my clothes and started to masturbate, using my favorite toy. Just as I was about to cum, the bathroom door in the room opened, and out walked a tiny little Asian girl. I was mortified, as the 4' 10", 95 pound girl, with size "A-" breasts and no hips to speak of, looking like she was about the age of twelve, was seeing me stark naked, legs spread wide open, and my dildo still inserted into my pussy.

"You Amber ?", she asked. I covered myself with my hands, as the tiny Asian girl asked, "You like orgasms ?" I said nothing in response, still trying to conceal my shame, when she then said, "My name is Kim, and I like orgasms too". Completely humiliated, I continued to shield my disgrace, when she walked up to the side of my bed, spread my legs apart and slid two of her fingers into my sopping wet pussy, and said, "I help you cum. Yes?" I was unable to respond, as the tiny Asian girl started to work my clitoris until I had a massive orgasm.

I laid on my bed, completely naked, sexually satisfied, yet totally mortified, when Kim started to remove her own clothing. In a matter of seconds, she stood before me, still looking like she was about the age of twelve. Her pussy had been shaven completely smooth, but her hair was long, straight and jet black. She had tiny breasts and barely any hips at all, but her demeaner was one of confidence. She seemed to have a singular motive on her mind, which became known to me, when she asked, "I have orgasm too ?", she asked. Unable to respond, I just nodded, "Yes", as she laid on her bed and started to work her tiny fingers into her clean shaven mound. In what seemed like less than a minute, a stream of cum shot up from her vagina, and landed on her belly, as if she were able to climax on que. Without the slightest bit of modesty or shame, she turned to me, and said, "Now we both feel better. Right Amber ?" I nodded, "Yes", feeling strangely relaxed, as I thought to myself, "What a way to meet your new roommate".


The Election. Part 8

Kim may have had some difficulties with her English grammar, but there was no doubt she had studied the language extensively, and understood everything I was saying. She appeared so happy, yet relaxed, as she sat up on her bed, making no attempt to close her legs to conceal the opening between her bald pussy lips, or wipe off her own cum from her belly. She stood up, put her suitcase on her bed and opened it, while I observed her petite frame. She took out a towel, threw it over her shoulder then headed for our dorm room door. She opened the door, announcing she was going to the showers, then walked out into the hallway completely naked. I ran after her, grabbed her hand and pulled her back into our door room.

"Kim! You can't just walk down the hallway naked!", I exclaimed. "Why not?", she asked. "I saw a boy walking around in the hallways of the school earlier, and he was naked", she argued. I sat her down and tried to explain how Allen was celebrating his birthday, in his 'Birthday Suit'. I explained how celebrating one's birthday in the nude, was not only allowed, but encouraged, by 'The Academy', but just walking around naked for no reason was not an approved activity. Kim stood up in front of me, seemingly disappointed, wrapped her towel around her tiny naked frame, then walked out of the dorm room, towards the women's showers. Twenty minutes later she returned to our room with the towel wrapped around her head, leaving her tiny little body completely exposed to me, and anyone she may have passed in the hallway.

I was determined to find out how old Kim really was. She had a twelve year old girl's body, and if you minus her pubic hair, she could have passed for ten. I was concerned she may be some sort of child prodigy, and may not be of the legal age necessary to witness, yet alone participate in some of the progressive activities that took place at 'The Academy'. Attempting to be subtle in my quest to find out her age, I casually remarked, "You are so adorable Kim. You're like a little China Doll", not meaning any harm. She stood before me in defiance, and snapped, "I'm not Chinese! I'm Japanese!" Feeling awful about my poorly chosen words, I started to apologize, then asked, "What grade were you in at home, Kim?' She reached into her suitcase and pulled out her identification card.

"Isn't this what you really want to know, Amber?", she said, as she held it in front of me. "I'm nineteen years old", she asserted, with great authority for one who looked so young and was completely naked. "I don't need a big sister, Amber. I need a friend", she said. I started tripping over my words, as I attempted to express my regret for my unthoughtful behavior, when Kim let me off the hook. She said, "It's no big deal, Amber. It happens all the time. Even at home". She smiled, then got dressed, and headed down to meet Carla and complete her check-in process.

Overwhelmed with guilt from the experience, I decided to lay out the questions and answers from my interview with Allen, in a clear and concise manner, as I had been instructed. I thought the work would take my mind off how insensitive I was towards Kim. By this time, it was only 11:00 a.m. Monday morning, so I spent the remaining morning hour and most of the afternoon, turning my interview notes into an article for consideration in 'The Academy Newsletter', and preparing to submit my interview notes and article to my journalism instructor the next morning.

After I completed my first journalism assignment, I went on line to look up the 'Folsom Street Fair', that Allen had mentioned he had visited, during our interview. I was shocked to see the hundreds of photos displaying the most outrageous public behavior you could imagine. I was both outraged and turned on, at the same time. As I filtered through the hundreds of pictures depicting the public debauchery of the event, there were two women who caught my attention. One woman, a brunette in her mid-twenties, was wearing a pink baseball cap, sun glasses, black ankle socks and sneakers, and absolutely nothing else. as she was dancing in the streets, with a smile that radiated throughout the entire area around her.

The other woman was also a brunette in her early to mid-thirties. She had dark rimmed glasses, and was wearing black socks and military boots, a black leather belt and a black and white neckerchief. Her ass, size "C" tits and brunette pubic hair, were all on display, among the hundreds and hundreds of spectators at the fair. What captivated me most, was that both women, being surrounded by the highest levels of depravity, appeared to have no other aspirations but to enjoy being naked among such a large group of clothed people, with absolutely no social or legal consequences, whatsoever. The many photos of the two brunettes showed them in many locations during the day, evidence that my theory was correct. They wanted as many people as possible to see them in their practically naked states.

I returned to review my work on my assignment, consumed with the thoughts of Elliot wearing nothing but his rainbow color speedo around the campus, Allen's naked birthday adventure, and these two women. Their nonchalant attitudes towards their public nudity, had me feeling envious. I so often fantasized about my own public nudity, but knew I would never be able to actually go through with" it, not even on my birthday. I continued critiquing my assignment, hoping my article would be chosen for the academy's newsletter. The next morning, I anxiously showed up to my journalism class, and handed the instructor my completed article and organized copies of my interview notes.

Wednesday morning finally arrived. This was the day I would find out one or possibly both. If I had been chosen to run for 'Student Body Representative', and if my article was chosen to be published in 'The Academy Newsletter'. I could barely contain my excitement. I started my day by going to the cafeteria to get my morning coffee and bowl of fruit. Apparently, no one had a birthday that Wednesday, since no one was walking around totally naked in plain view. I finished my breakfast then headed for my journalism class, hoping my article was selected.

As I entered the class, the instructor looked at me, and said, "Good morning, Amber! Your article was exactly what I had hoped for. Your notes were well laid out, and your finished article was both well written and articulate. Congratulations! Your article has been chosen to be published in this month's newsletter". Overwhelmed with elation, I thanked the instructor for choosing my submission, as my attention turned to my phone, hoping I would also hear, I had been selected to run for 'Student Body Representative'.

It was 3:00 Wednesday afternoon when I received a test message from Carla. "Congratulation Amber! You have been selected as one of the two candidates to run for 'Student Body Representative!" I was once again elated, until I read on and found out who I would be running against. Of all the students at 'The Academy', I would be running against Elliot, of all people. Running against Elliot was intimidating. First off, he had no fear. No fear of being seen completely naked in front of a group of clothed people, which meant he had no fear of any earthly thing. I had to find a way to convince the student body that his willingness to be seen "Nude in Public' was not a reason to vote for him.


The Election. Part 9

For the next two weeks, I had seen several of the students celebrate their birthdays in their 'Birthday Suits', as I attended my classes. There was one male student whose name was Gary. I knew that because the morning text message from 'The Academy' told everyone to wish Gary, a 'Happy Birthday'. There were also two twin girls who spent their birthdays in the nude. One of the girls had shaven her pussy completely smooth, while her sister only trimmed her pubic hair, supposedly so others could tell them apart. They spent their 'Special Day' wearing nothing at all, including footwear. I could imagine how the cold tile floors of 'The Academy', must have accentuated the feelings of nakedness, during their public nudity experience. Again, I found myself feeling envious.

Deciding I had to somehow drive these constant fantasies about being either "Nude in Public" or "The Only One Naked" from my thoughts, knowing I could never actually participate in such an activity, I drowned myself into my plans for winning the election. I was not going to run my campaign on a collection of empty promises, but rather the assurance that I would be available to the suggestions of the students, and the student body itself. I made it my mission to meet every student at 'The Academy', and introduce myself. I held several focus groups right up until the election. Two students, one male and one female, participated in the focus groups on their birthdays, wearing nothing at all. They both displayed a confidence that I did not possess.

I set up my school campaign website with a section for student petitions. The students could put forth their ideas, then solicit the other students to sign their on-line petitions, adding validity to their requests. Ideas were submitted on a regular basis. Everything from "Topless Tuesdays" for any willing student participants, to "Shirts and Skins" basketball games to be held in the school's gymnasium, along with "Nude Flag Football" contests, which would be played on the campus lawn. Too my surprise, many requests didn't include nudity at all. Their suggestions were related to the academy's facilities and the academic curriculum itself. Each petition received on-line signatures, based on its merit and popularity with the students themselves. It was a big success with the students. A chance to be heard.

Elliot on the other hand, ran his campaign on keeping the 'Status-Quo' and supplied the student body with free 'Yoga Instructions' on their phones and laptops, while wearing nothing but his signature 'Rainbow Colored Speedo' and his adorable smile. To my dismay, he had amassed a large following of straight, gay and bi-sexual, male and female students, to his on-line yoga classes. Yoga was very popular at 'The Academy', but I also felt many students attended his on-line instruction sessions, just to see his gorgeous body, so scantily dressed. I continued my campaign for the remaining week before the election, hoping the academy students would choose substance over flash.

Election day had finally arrived, and Elliot and I were summoned to Ms. Sanchez's office about 11:30 am. Classes were not in session on 'Election Day', and it was only 1 and 1/2 hours until the election started. Absolutely no animosity had developed between Elliot and I during the time we had campaigned against each other over the last three weeks or so. In fact, we often got together in the gymnasium at night, while Elliot practiced his yoga, (in his rainbow speedo) and we just talked. Yes....I admit it! He was 'Eye Candy' for me, but we also had an emotional connection. He constantly tried to get me to remove my clothes and practice yoga with him, and I continued to decline, yet we talked for hours. I came to trust him.

With only 15 minutes until I needed to be in Ms. Sanchez's office, I dressed in my favorite yellow sundress, white bra and cotton panties, along with my very stylish white leather sandals, then headed out my dorm room, on my way down to meet with her. Elliot emerged from his dorm room as I was leaving mine. He was wearing a skin tight T-shirt and yoga shorts, flip flops and who know what, if anything, he was wearing under his shorts. My guess was he was wearing his favorite rainbow speedo, or most likely nothing at all. We walked together from our dorm room building to Ms. Sanchez's office in the main campus building. We both understood that the election results would leave one of us disappointed. Still, we had become friends, and remained civil during our walk together.

We walked into the main campus building, then entered the greeting area outside Ms. Sanchez's office. I could tell I was much more nervous than Elliot, but kept my composure. Ms. Sanchez entered the greeting area from her office. She looked at us, and simply said, "You both should know the rules and election process by now. Good luck to you both", then turned around, and went back into her office, closing the door behind her. A strange feeling came across me as I thought about her words. "You both should know the rules and election process by now". For the first time, I felt like I was at a slight disadvantage, since I never actually read the three-page application, I had signed at the time of my registration.

Elliot and I left Ms. Sanchez's office, both seeming a bit confused, if not disappointed in the shortness of her speech. I was about to run back to my room and read the three-page document I had signed, when I ran into Carla in the hallway. "Amber! Big day, huh?", she said. I replied, "Yes", then tried to get past her, but she seemed to have been purposely blocking my way, as Elliot walked right by her, then out the main entrance doors of the building. 'What's your hurry?". she asked. My eyes started to water, as I replied, "I never actually read the rules and processes of the election. I have to get back to my room to catch up".

"Amber! There's no time for that now!", she exclaimed. "I told you at least twice, to read through the application", she continued. "I realize you must be concerned, but not to worry. I will be positioned right behind you and Elliot, during the election process. I'll let you know if and when you need to respond to a voting student's request". "What does that mean?", I asked. "Amber, sweetie. You'll see soon enough, what you should already know. It's not my fault you didn't read the application, before signing it. Best of luck", she replied, as she walked back into her office.

For someone who has been prepared for almost anything and everything most of her teenage life, I found myself completely unaware of what I might expect at 'The Election', that was less than 75 minutes away. I was walking back towards my dorm room, when I was stopped by one of the girls who had posted a request on my election web page. She looked at me, and said, "Amber. I love that dress. I hope I get to buy it". I was about to tell her where I got the dress, when she felt the material, and said, "I hope it's still available when it's time for me to cast my vote. See you at the election", then walked away with the several others students she was with.

I finally made it to my dorm room, and pulled out the copy of the signed 'Election Application' that Carla had given me. Kim was in the room, and noticed I was in a quandary. She was preparing to go to the election, but took the time to ask, "Everything O.k. Amber?" I frantically opened the application and started to read through it, when I received a test message, "Student Body Representative Candidates", report to the auditorium immediately. The other students would be summoned later, around 12:30 pm, allowing everyone a 1/2 hour to make their way to the auditorium, for the 1:00 election.

My heart seemed to stop as I dropped the application papers on my bed, knowing I was completely unaware of what I had signed, therefor what I had agreed to. An ominous feeling came over me, as I started the walk from my dorm room to the auditorium, for the election process. The campus lawn was a buzz with activity, as many students wished me luck, as I walked by. I tried to remain calm since I really didn't know what I signed, therefor I didn't know why I was worried in the first place. I took a deep breath, as I entered the auditorium.



10