Story: The Punishment Mistress Works At Home (F/M spank)

(Author's note: in this text-only version, where the characters are 
verbally thinking to themselves, that particular type of dialog is 
set off in square brackets '[' and ']'.  In the HTML version, at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/punishment_mistress_at_home.htm that 
same dialog is in italics and therefore easier to follow.)

(Introduction: Deanna is a Punishment Mistress at an institution for 
probation violators.  As described in other stories, she administers 
severe discipline and comes home to Rick, her lover, and relieves the 
day's tensions by describing some of the workday's sessions.  In 
their sex play, Rick often calls Deanna some nasty names.  Although 
this is intensely arousing to her, she uses Rick's insolent talk as 
an excuse to administer severe discipline to him.  He knows this is 
going to be the case, and although the thought of the forthcoming 
discipline session is erotically stimulating, it is often an enormous 
challenge for him to refrain from breaking down and begging her to 
stop, often soon after it starts.  He never quite succeeds, and 
fervently begs Deanna for mercy, knowing that she will likely show 
none.)

Rick had recently constructed, at Deanna's urging, a punishment bench 
much like the structures used at her workplace.  Deanna had, on the 
previous evening, administered several particularly severe sessions 
at "the facility", as she calls it, and Rick had teased and 
titillated her with leading questions and calling her nasty names as 
he stimulated her to raucous orgasms.  During their intense sex play, 
Deanna told him that she intended to fasten him to the punishment 
bench and give him a severe strapping for his naughty language, and 
mentioned that she would do that the following day.  Rick, as he 
always does, melted in her arms and kissed her passionately as she 
described the forthcoming session.

Deanna, until now, had not ever restrained Rick when administering 
discipline to him.  Paying close attention to his reaction when she 
teasingly broached the subject on several occasions, she concluded 
that he would be willing, at least in part, to add a more 
non-consensual flavor to the sessions.  And Deanna was itching to do 
just that.

The light of a bright blue dusky sky softly illuminated the room in 
which Rick had set up the newly finished punishment table.  Deanna 
had fixed a light supper and waited on Rick "hand and foot", wanting 
to achieve a contrast with her usual dominant demeanor.  This was 
Deanna's way of temporarily casting off the burden of appearing 
constantly in charge.  Somewhat to his discomfort, she poured the 
wine into the goblets and brought him the libation, placed the food 
on the dinner plates, and cleaned up afterwards.  Her sweet smile was 
no illusion - along with her bright eyes, it reflected her genuine 
enjoyment of their relationship and her deep caring, in spite of the 
fact that during spanking play, she always played very hard.

Rick knew that the time for the session was drawing near when Deanna 
sat next to him on the sofa.  After a few moments of cuddling without 
words, Deanna hoarsely whispered, "Rick - I want you to take off all 
your clothes.  And then I want you to bend over the punishment table 
and I'll fasten you down so that you can't move.  That bare ass of 
yours is going to be all mine, and you're going to get the strapping 
of your life.  I can't wait to begin, Rick.  Go.  Now."

Rick's heart jumped when he heard Deanna's words, and he felt his 
stomach flip-flop as the inevitability of his impending strapping 
became apparent.  He got up from the sofa and removed his clothes.  
He slowly walked up to the punishment table and stood there.

"Deanna -"

"Hush!" she snapped.  "Bend over right now!"

Rick, his heart pounding and his mouth dry, breathed a sigh and bent 
over at the waist.  He fit the contours of the punishment table 
perfectly, and relaxed in submission to his lover's will.  

Deanna tightened the waist cinch, then secured a binding strap just 
above his knees, finally tightening the cuffs around his wrists.  She 
was already becoming aroused, even as the familiar dialogue of 
conflict played in her head.  

[This is just a game, isn't it?  It turns me on so damn much, though. 
 It's okay, it's okay - he likes it too, and the sex is terrific.  
Damn, I love doing this!  Is something wrong with me?  He wouldn't 
stay with me if he didn't like it.  Okay, damn it! Shut up now and 
get on with it.]

She went to her bedroom to change clothes - she cast off her panties 
and put on a white blouse and a black knee-length skirt.  After 
slipping into black fashion boots she formed her dishwater-blonde 
hair in a ponytail and looked in the mirror.  Her boots and skirt 
smartly displayed her bare legs to her satisfaction.  After 
unfastening the two uppermost buttons of her blouse, she slipped a 
black glove on her right hand, went to her dresser and fetched a 
sturdy two-tailed leather tawse.

Deanna slowly and deliberately walked to where Rick could see her, 
faced him, and stood still, conspicuously holding the tawse which 
would soon sear his helpless bare nether cheeks.  Rick was inspired 
with awe and respect for Deanna as his eyes took in the scene in 
front of him.

[God, she's beautiful,] Rick thought to himself. [She's my lover, and 
yet she's going to hit me with that strap beyond the point where I 
beg her for mercy.  Why do I do this?  It's going to hurt so damn 
much, but I get so excited.  God, I'd do anything for her.]

"Rick - do you know why I'm doing this?" queried Deanna.

"Y-yes," Rick responded shakily.

"Demerit!  Yes, what?!"

"Uh, Yes Ma'am!" 

"When you answer a yes-or-no question, you will address me as 
Punishment Mistress Deanna! Is that clear?"

[Damn, I hate doing that!] Rick thought to himself. [She's my lover! 
I've been inside her body, she knows my secrets and she's confided 
her secrets in me - I've held her when she's cried, she's comforted 
me, and now I'm supposed to fucking -]

"I'm waiting for an answer, Rick!"

Feeling a wave of loving submission overcome him, and knowing that he 
did not have much say in the matter, he responded "Yes.  
Punishment... Mistress... Deanna."

"I dare say you will be more willing to say that when you're feeling 
the kiss of the strap," Deanna declared with a triumphant smile. "Now 
- why am I doing this?"

"Because - uh, because I've called you names in bed."

"Very good!  Tell me some of the names you've called me."

"I've called you 'bitch', and, uh, 'cunt', and 'nasty girl'."

"You can do better than that, Rick!" stated Deanna calmly.  "I want 
you to spell out the full names, so to speak."

"Okay - this is hard for me to do now...  I've called you fucking 
bitch, and nasty little cunt."

Deanna felt a zing of arousal when Rick elaborated.  "That's more 
what I was looking for," she said.

"I'm sorry, Deanna!"

[Please,] she mentally intoned to the heavens, [let him realize it's 
all a game!  Don't ever let him stop calling me those names when 
we're in bed - it makes me so hot I could scream.  I don't want to 
spoil the mood by telling him now that I love him doing that. I'll 
have to tell him afterward, but I hope he knows.]

She stepped forward and tenderly ran her fingers through his hair and 
whispered, "Oh, Rick."  Then she stepped back and, adopting an 
authoritative demeanor, announced, "You are about to get a severe 
strapping, young man! You are secured to the punishment table so that 
you will take every last stroke of the leather strap that I intend to 
give you.  I will begin now.  Are you ready, Rick?"

"Yes," he tentatively responded.

"Demerit!  Yes, what?!"

"Oh damn! Yes, Punishment Mistress Deanna!"

Deanna giggled and then said, "There will be no warmup.  This will be 
just like at the facility," and took her position to administer the 
strap.

[I'm going to enjoy this,] Deanna thought to herself. [This is so 
sweet.  He can't get out of position.  He is totally under my 
control, just like the ones at work.  What am I doing?  Why, why, 
why?]

Deanna drew her gloved hand far back and swiped the tawse powerfully 
across Rick's captive bare bottom.  Just three seconds later, she 
followed with another swipe, noticing the momentary indentation made 
by the strap on Rick's bare bottom and the subsequent brief jiggling 
of both ass cheeks due to the sheer force of the swat.  When she 
vigorously swiped the third stroke, she barely heard the raucous 
"Oh!" that Rick shouted in response.

To Rick, each swipe of the tawse, with the follow-through that Deanna 
expertly imparted, felt like a blazing kiss of fire on his bared 
bottom.  The vulnerability he felt while being bound to the 
punishment table added to the effect of the discipline.  He had taken 
severe discipline from Deanna on many occasions.  He had not, 
however, received discipline while being bound.  He knew that he 
could not escape, and that Deanna could - and indeed would - mete out 
the strapping until she decided to stop.

Deanna dispensed the next seven strokes with her characteristic 
punch, taking a full swing and a tennis player's follow-through each 
time.  She paused for a moment after the set of ten, as she was 
accustomed.

She commenced the next set of ten strokes, counting them to herself 
and becoming more aroused at Rick's vocal protests.

[Eleven...]

"Ahhhhhhhh!"

[Twelve...]

"Ohhhhhhh!"

[Thirteen...]

"Owwwww!"

[Fourteen...]

"Deanna! Please!"

[Fifteen.  Oh, this is so sweet!  The way he carries on gets me so 
hot.  I can't hold out much longer.  I need relief now!]

"Oww! Ohhhhh!"

[Sixteen...]

"Auuuhhhh!"  Although Rick could scarcely move from his waist to just 
above his knees, Deanna had not secured his ankles to the punishment 
table.  Since a binding strap was secured above the knees, he began 
to kick his feet wildly each time the tawse snapped and swiped 
against his buttocks.  The visual spectacle of Rick's struggling from 
Deanna's skilled handling of the session served only to intensify her 
arousal.

[Seventeen...]

"Uhhhhhh!"

[Eighteen...]

"OW! Stop!"

[Nineteen...]

"OW-OW-OWWWWWW! Please!"

[Twenty!]

"Ahhhhhhhhh!"

Deanna's trembling free hand quickly rushed under her skirt and 
stroked her wet, slippery womanhood.

[Geez, I'm so wet it's about to drip down my legs. I wish his mouth 
were there, I'd absolutely scream!  And the slurpy noises he makes 
when he's sucking on me there - Oh! God, I'm so hot!]

"Ahhhhh... Gaaaaah!  Ahhh...  Mmmmm!  Woahhhhhh!"

The climax forcefully grasped her.  She shook violently - her knees 
buckled as she struggled to remain on her feet as each wave swept 
through her.  When her rapid breathing subsided, she straightened up 
and took her position to continue Rick's discipline.

Deanna administered the next two sets of strokes in a more deliberate 
and dispassionate manner.  Delivering each swipe of the tawse every 
bit as forcefully as before, she walked the pattern of stripes from 
the upper portion of Rick's buttocks down to the top of his thighs, 
and precisely overlapped the strokes accordingly while Rick begged 
for mercy.

[I'm getting hot again.  The fact that he can't escape makes it so 
much sweeter.  He has to take what I give him and he has no choice.  
Maybe I'm being too hard on him.  Maybe I shouldn't be doing this at 
all, but lord, I can't help it - it just makes me so damn hot, doing 
this! The sex is so good afterwards - and before, too, just thinking 
about doing this.  I'll have to make it up to him - but then we get 
so much mileage from a good session.  Why am I cursed with loving to 
do this?]

Deanna applied the next set of strokes particularly vigorously, 
bringing the count to fifty, and evoking the most strident pleading 
from Rick, who earnestly promised her anything if she would stop.

Deanna walked around in front of Rick.  "Okay, my precious stud 
muffin!  That was the main course.  I did quite nicely, if I do say 
so myself.  There's one sweet little item for dessert - the matter of 
the two demerits for not addressing me properly."

"No, Deanna," Rick gasped.  "No, no! Please, no more! Please!"

"Now, now.  You know you're going to get them, so there's no point in 
trying to dissuade me.  You have two demerits, and I'm giving you ten 
strokes for each one.  And guess what?  I'm going to do the 
forehand-backhand thing."  She put her hand tenderly on his face.  
"Don't earn a third demerit, my love. This is a yes-no question.  
Don't you think you deserve extra for the demerits?"

Rick hesitated, wondering if he could get away with telling her that 
his ass felt like it was on fire already; on the other hand, he knew 
that she had made her decision to give him the extra twenty strokes 
and there was nothing he could do to escape it.  He swallowed and 
stammered "Yes, Punishment Mistress Deanna, I deserve more for the 
demerits."

"Very good!"  Deanna pranced directly behind him and stepped back 
just the right distance.

[What a trip this is.  Damn, it's starting to run down my leg!  
Giving him these extra isn't going to take long, but it will be so 
very - I really don't want to hurt him, but then this isn't more 
drastic than a severe strapping at the institution - and I did tell 
him last night that I was going to do this.  He can say no anytime - 
but then I'm not giving him a choice after it starts. Oh hell, I know 
he likes it.  He should get a caning from me if he doesn't like 
this!]

Deanna pressed her lips together in an expression of stern resolve, 
and, keeping her eyes on her target, rapidly and vigorously whipped 
the leather tawse on Rick's buttocks using alternating forehand and 
backhand strokes.  The tawse struck the more tender area of the 
buttocks toward each side, rendering a sensation which can only be 
described as intensely agonizing, consuming, and searing.  In this 
fashion, she presented the twenty strokes in under half a minute.  
They were accompanied by increasingly strident shouts from Rick, 
which only intensified Deanna's arousal.

[God, I love the sound of the strap when it snaps against his bare 
ass.  And their reaction is sweet music to my ears.]

She loosened each binding strap and led Rick into the bedroom.  Lying 
down on the bed, she pulled him close and tenderly whispered, "Rick, 
just in case there was any doubt, I don't mind it when you call me 
those names when we're playing.  You know that don't you? In fact, it 
gets me so hot I could scream. I know I really gave it to you good, 
but you knew I was going to, didn't you?  I mean, I don't want you to 
think that - "

Rick covered Deanna's mouth with his hand.  "Shut up, bitch," he 
teasingly whispered as he felt an erection stiffening, and removed 
his hand.

"Rick, I'm sorry if I got carried away..."

"No you're not! I heard you cum when you were whipping me."  He slid 
his hand under her skirt and easily inserted a middle finger into her 
dripping womanhood as she sharply inhaled.  Working his finger in and 
out, and getting more aroused, he continued, "Oh, you nasty girl, 
look how you're getting off on this!"

"Ohhhhh, Rick..." she moaned.  He slid the tip of his thumb around 
her protruding clitoris.  Deanna climaxed after a moment, tossing her 
head from side to side and exclaiming incoherently as her entire body 
shook.  He pulled his finger out and spread her juice on her mouth, 
and then entered her.

"Rick," she gasped with wide eyes, "I want you to -"

"Shhhh!" He planted his mouth firmly on her lips and kissed her 
passionately as he pushed his raging erection into her with lunging 
thrusts.

"Mmmmmmm!  Mmhmmmmm!," she moaned repeatedly as his frenzied thrusts 
brought him to ejaculation.  He arched his back with his eyes tightly 
shut and convulsively spurted jets of pent-up emotion, frustration 
and sexual energy into Deanna's welcoming receptacle.

After a few moments, Deanna tenderly ran her fingers through Rick's 
hair, and they exchanged whispered words of love just before drifting 
off to sleep.


-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is 
copyright by the author, and commercial use is prohibited without 
permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is 
permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or 
indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that 
this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
