Kelly and Smolder meet Ed.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Perry, Chapter 9 (HF, bi, mc, nc, oral, parody, impreg?, ScFi)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Ed was having trouble getting his head around it all. His new 10" blue penis, which was actually an alien parasite named Perry, was making copies of itself every time Ed had sex with someone! And then those copies had sex with others and made more copies! But whenever Ed tried to talk to Perry about it, he got distracted. He felt like Perry might be manipulating him, but then he got really tired and had to go take a nap.

---

Homeland Security agents Kelly and Smolder were stumped trying to find the man with the blue penis that had allegedly hypnotized and impregnated a local doctor. "John Smith" was an obvious pseudonym, and the possibly brown-haired rapist had been so nondescript that it was futile to just canvass the area. The town wasn't large, but there were still several thousand residents, and there was also no guarantee that the mystery man hadn't visited the clinic from one of the neighboring suburbs.

"Hmm..." Kelly hummed as she consulted her phone.

"I know that 'hmm'," Smolder responded jokingly, "you found something."

"A meteorite fell to Earth a few miles from here the night before 'John Smith' went to Doctor Lintrell's clinic," she revealed, holding her phone screen toward him.

He didn't even look. "Oh God, aliens again? I keep telling you, there's no such thing, Kelly!"

"So you keep saying," she replied, "but do we have anything better to go on?"

---

Ding dong!

Ed woke up from his nap. "Mom?" he called out.

Ding dong!

Since his mother didn't seem to be home, Ed headed down and opened the front door, revealing a tall man and a short woman, dressed in dark suits.

"JOHN SMITH!" the man pointed a finger accusingly at Ed.

Ed staggered back. That was the fake name that he had given at the clinic! How the hell had they found him?

"Oh, enough, Smolder," the woman chastised him. "Are you going to yell that at every brown-haired male we come across?"

The man smiled, chagrined. "You never know, right?"

Ed tried to control his breathing. "Um...um...who are you? What do you want?"

The woman showed him her ID. "Homeland Security agents Kelly and Smolder. May we come in?" Since Ed had already stepped back in shock, they stepped into the entryway without waiting for permission.

"Um, sure," Ed acquiesced as they closed the door behind them.

"Who are you, if not John Smith?" the man -- Smolder -- asked him, notebook in hand.

"Ed Doughtry, sir."

"'Sir'...someone raised you right, Ed. Are your parents here?"

"Dad's delivering around town all day." Ed looked around. "I thought Mom was here, but she must have gone out." That was happening more and more often while his Dad was absent. He tried not to think of his mother fucking women all around town with her new blue penis, infecting them with more blue penises like Perry.

"We'd like to ask you about the meteorite that landed in your back forty, Mr. Doughtry," Agent Kelly asked.

"Meteorite? Sorry, I wasn't aware," Ed lied.

"It came down late at night a few weeks ago. You were probably asleep," she informed him. He nodded. "Can I have a look at the crash site?"

"Um, sure..."

He watched the short woman head out the back door, leaving him alone with the imposingly tall Agent Smolder. Ed wished that she had stayed instead.

Smolder gave him a disarming smile. "So, Ed...what's there to do for fun around here?"

---

In the back of the town's only adult store, a fit dirty blonde sat in the blowjob booth as her latest customer blew his load down her throat. Lacey, 23 years old, hadn't been very effective at most of the jobs she'd had since barely graduating high school, but she was a born cocksucker. The man's average-sized cock retreated through the glory hole and she heard a muffled, "Thanks!" She put the two $20 bills that had preceded his cock into her purse.

A minute or so later, another couple Jacksons were pushed through the hole, followed by a hard penis, and she paused to examine the schlong. The inside of the booth was dim so that the clientele couldn't identify her if they looked through the hole, but the 8" hard cock seemed...off, somehow. Still, it was a nice-sized member, so she took it into her mouth. A moan, of a higher pitch than expected, sounded from the other side of the wall. She continued to suck, and felt some precum slip into her mouth. She gulped it down.

Lacey suddenly felt very hot. She had to get her clothes off and cool down! She quickly pulled off her tight jeans, and then let go of the cock to remove her t-shirt. Finally, shrugging, she doffed her panties and bra, freeing her B-cup breasts. That felt better, and the naked woman took the cock back in hand.

Then she realized that her pussy was very wet. She didn't normally do this, but she felt hornier than she remembered being for a very long time. "Ooh, you're in for a treat, mister," she called out to her paramour as she turned, bent over, and backed herself onto that hard prong. The penis seemed to practically slither into her wanton depths, and she gasped in pleasure. She wondered if she had forgotten something important, but couldn't figure out what it was as it sat, unused, in its foil packet in her purse.

She moaned as she pushed back, and that sizable member bottomed out inside her tight little body. Then she leaned forward as her lover pulled back, and they smashed their private parts back together on the downswing. That wonderful cock seemed to slide along her g-spot nicely as it went, and she was amazed at how well her lover was pleasuring her, as if that person somehow had intimate knowledge of a woman's inner workings. She was already close to orgasming.

Then when they were fully joined again, the head of that wonderful cock rapping insistently at her cervix, she came. "Fuuuckk..." she moaned, shaking, her nipples incredibly hard.

Her lover started to thrust faster and harder inside her, extending her orgasm. Her mind was trying to tell her that something important was about to happen. Well, of course it was, she told herself; the orgasm's the best part!

"Ungh!"

Lacey heard the high-pitched voice on the other side of the wall grunt, and felt that stupendous cock throb deep inside her. Then she felt a hot warmth suddenly permeate her core and came again, hard. "Huhh! Ohh wooow..." She pushed back onto the spurting cock, her co-opted instincts telling her to make sure that precious seed went as deep inside her as it could, and it did. A gush of blue-tinged semen splashed through her spasming cervix, where it began its journey of transformation deep inside the young woman.

Eve Doughtry tucked her softening member back under her skirt and left through the glory hole room's door, surprising the shop owner as she went. She gave him a wink and headed home.

---

Agent Kelly returned. "Unfortunately, there wasn't much left of the meteorite."

"So, no aliens?" Smolder asked with a sardonic grin.

Ed choked. "Uhh...aliens? Are you kidding?"

*You rang?* Perry sounded in his head.

"Where the hell have you been?" Ed subvocalized.

"What was that?" Smolder asked.

"Just...wondering when my Mom's going to be home. She's been gone for a while."

Kelly stepped forward and handed him a business card. "Please have her call me if she or your father were awake when the meteorite came down, or if they've seen anything...strange...okay, Mr. Doughtry?"

*Oh, she's cute, Ed...kind of a hot nerd, don'tcha think?* Perry asked.

Ed smiled at her and nodded, "Yep."

"All right, we'll show ourselves out. Have a good day." Then they were gone.

"Perry, that was way too close!" Ed exclaimed.

*Relax, Ed...if we can't beat 'em, she'll join us, and it looks like she's the smart one in that partnership. Problem solved.*

Ed wondered.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)