It was, in the briefing room with Joker sitting on the table defending himself from Miranda's spur-of-the-moment outrage that he hadn't been able to do more during the attack, when Dylan realized he honestly, no lie, no excuses, cared for the man.

It wasn't so much of a revelation as it was a logical conclusion. Being lovestruck was a state of being he'd long since lost the ability to experience; his life was too dominated by training, too calculated by precision for such things. That didn't stop the signs from being there, and it didn't stop him from being barely able to hold a conversation about their missing crew because he was so goddamned thankful Joker was still here.

Not that he didn't care. He wouldn't have been determined to move their asses through the Omega-4 Relay as soon as they could get through a checklist of everything they needed to hit the Collectors back. To get the crew back.

The others would take care of that. They would make sure they weren't missing anything, that their guns were in tip-top shape, that their omni-tools and amps were calibrated to perfection. EDI would make sure the ship was good to go.

Dylan Shepard, meanwhile, would walk so fast through the CIC and down to the cockpit that had there still been anyone to watch, it would be no less obvious that something was on his mind than if he'd broken out into a run.

He wouldn't be feeling like this, wouldn't be feeling like his stomach had a hole in it or absolute terror over what might have happened, not what did, but what might have happened, if Joker wasn't important. If he didn't mean something more than just being a silly friend.

When Joker turned in his chair, it was almost normal...only at first. “Commander. Sorry about the crew, I...no, you know what, I'm not sorry, what the hell were you doing, leaving us here where Collectors could work us over!”

Every word hurt, every single one. Dylan had let the crew down, and he'd let Joker down. It was Virmire all over again, a sick retrospective saving Kaidan when Williams would've been the better choice. Now, as much as he told himself he cared more about the crew as a whole than just letting Joker down...he didn't.

That Joker hated him hurt more than losing the others, and he hated himself for it. As far as Dylan thought, he deserved this.

“Because you know what, I should...I should just go,” Joker kept going, “Next port, I should just get out of here.”

The hole in Dylan's stomach suddenly doubled in size as he took in Joker's words, as he felt the weight of his resentment and realized that he couldn't even deny his own fault. The Normandy was his ship, these people were his responsibility. Maybe he couldn't have known what would happen, but he should've known. He should've been able to stop it.

“You do not mean that, Jeff.”

EDI's words hung in the air for the second it took Joker to answer. “Yes, I do!” He tensed...and then slouched, the anger leaving his voice. “I...no, but...it felt good. I'm sorry, Commander. Okay, I'm good, I'm ready. I'm ready to save the day."

Relief that Joker wasn't going anywhere wasn't any better, strangely. Dylan didn't feel like he deserved absolution that easily. “Joker, I...”

He didn't know what to say. Joker, for his part, didn't say anything either...he just pushed himself up out of his chair, heaving himself to his feet with great effort as if speed was important, as if he would lose the ability to go through with what he was doing if he took too long, not from nerves but because it felt like this was just a window of opportunity, one he could either take or miss.

Still silent, Dylan just locked eyes with him, waiting for whatever was coming, more words, maybe, but Joker still didn't say anything, didn't try to punch him in the face to make himself feel better. Quicker than he thought Joker really capable of moving, he reached out and grabbed the collar of Dylan's armor, yanking back, pulling himself more towards Dylan than the other way around, but it didn't matter. The end result was the same, Joker planted his lips straight on Dylan's and practically bit them off.

There wasn't any question about it for Dylan, he didn't shove Joker away or make him stop. He reached one arm up around Joker's back and pulled him in close, eyes closed, Joker's beard tingly against his skin, the kiss rough solely for how much they pushed at each other, wanting more and more because they'd come so close to missing the chance. He had to stop himself from letting go and squeezing Joker tight with both arms, had to remind himself that he couldn't shove Joker up against the wall or even pull too hard, had to stop himself from acting like he usually did when he was with someone.

Until now, it hadn't been something he'd ever consciously thought of. Being dominant, being at least a little rough was just natural for him. It was how he handled the physical part of a relationship, being with someone more masculine than he was felt like a challenge, not necessarily someone to subjugate, but someone to take charge of. He'd had his fair share of less masculine partners, too, and that only encouraged him even more.

There wasn't really time to go over this now. They didn't have time to get serious. He just tried to enjoy it until they finally had to stop for breath.

“I do care about you, Joker,” Dylan sighed, the admission feeling liberating and dangerous at the same time. “I wish we had time to...when this is over...”

Joker looked just like he usually did, hunched over, legs bent awkwardly, but he somehow looked better. Optimistic, even. He didn't feel a need to say the obvious, that this entire thing being over might very well mean their lives would be over. “When it's over, we'll see where it goes.”

“Agreed.”