"Mom."

"Just a second," Martha said a little too brightly, donning her oven mitts with more energy than was necessary. "Time for the pie to come out."

She felt Clark standing very close, watching her as she pulled the pie from the oven and placed it on top of the stove to cool. She pulled off her mitts and tossed them on the counter. "There. Now if you'll just get that picnic basket down for me, we can—" She was cut off as Clark reeled her into a hug, and kept her there.

Martha let out a shaky sigh, wrapping her arms around her son's waist. "I'm all right, Clark."

"I want to beat his face in," Clark whispered fiercely. "I know how Dad feels. I don't care how good Eli is at scaring him. I want him to be scared of me."

Martha caressed Clark's back soothingly. "My protectors," she said lightly.

"Yeah, we are," Clark said, leaning back to look into her face with a grim expression. "And I don't care how good you are at throwing wine glasses, I'm still going to protect you. So is Dad."

"I wouldn't have it any other way." Martha laughed, blinking back tears. "Although you shouldn't underestimate wine as a surprise attack. If you could have seen his face—"

"Mom, promise me you won't talk to him again. Alone, I mean. Please."

Martha smiled and reached up to touch his cheek. He'd grown so tall. "I promise to avoid it."

Clark scowled. "That's not the same thing."

"No, it isn't. Now help me pack this up for Lex. And you make sure he eats it. That boy is nothing but skin and bones. And Clark."

"Yeah?"

"Thank you. For not losing your temper in front of your father."

Clark let loose a little laugh. "Yeah, well. I guess you have to 'maintain' the Kent temper too, sometimes."

"You're getting so grown-up." Martha wiped her eyes.

"Aw, Mom, don't start that again! I'm an infant, I swear."

The exasperation in Clark's voice turned her tears into laughter; she gave him a little shove. "Basket. You'll be late for your date. Oh. And Clark. There's something you need to know about Whitney."

***

Eli brushed aside the underling who had the audacity to bar his entrance and strode into the room Lionel Luthor had chosen to haunt. God only knew what the dog thought he would find there. A member of the kitchen staff had let it be known that Lionel spent hours at a time sitting behind Lex's desk, staring into space. Sometimes the door would be shut and locked as the sounds of moving furniture, knocking on wood panels and emptying of drawers echoed down the main hall. Perhaps the man was as mad as his monster. Or perhaps not. Too much was unknown. Eli found himself thoroughly detesting the unknown.

When Eli entered, however, neither madness nor mayhem was in evidence. Lionel was sitting quietly on the sofa, studying a file so intently that it took him a fraction of a second to realize that someone else was in the room. He snapped the manila folder shut as David squeezed past Eli, his hands gesticulating wildly. "It's Mr. Cohen, sir. I couldn't stop him."

"David," Lionel said icily, "Mr. Cohen is not an old friend."

"No, sir." David shot a triumphant look at Eli. "Shall I call security?"

Eli barked a laugh. "By all means. Doing so would be an entertaining experience for me and an educational experience for Mr. Luthor. Mr. Luthor is always in great need of education."

Lionel cast his gaze heavenward for a moment. "Close the door, David. Make certain we're not disturbed."

David left with a decidedly sulky expression on his face, shutting the door behind him.

"You're becoming more of a drama queen every day, Eli." Lionel rose to pour himself a whiskey. "No doubt the influence of the Incorruptible Kents."

"There will be no meeting tomorrow," Eli said flatly.

Lionel sighed and made no response, sipping his whiskey.

"Your meetings with Alexander have been suspended indefinitely."

Lionel maintained his composure, but Eli could see a slight flush of anger rising to his face. "The agreement with my son—"

"Was exacted under duress. Kindly do not imagine me ignorant of your methods. He will tell you nothing you wish to hear. The Kents will tell you nothing you wish to hear."

"What is it you think I wish to hear, Eli?"

"We will not discuss the obvious."

"You're mistaken." Lionel reseated himself on the sofa, smiling pleasantly. "Martha told me some rather remarkable things today. Did you know that she was responsible for my missing files and laptop? Of course you did. I withdraw the question."

Lionel Luthor was a demon. How he had managed to coerce or cajole this admission Eli could not imagine. A conference with his newest operative was imperative. "You are once again hallucinating, Mr. Luthor; the result, no doubt, of excessive alcohol consumption. Alexander has informed me that counseling is available."

Lionel's smile deepened. "I must compliment you on your taste in operatives, Eli."

"Your meaning eludes me."

"I know a diversionary tactic when I see one. And Martha is extremely diverting."

The dog's suggestive tone was obviously an attempt to provoke. It was a successful attempt. Eli tried to count to ten. He succeeded in reaching five, and congratulated himself in getting that far. "You will refer to the lady as Mrs. Kent. And I tell you that if you have so much as laid a finger on her I will kill you now." One of the perquisites of age was to disregard advice given to others. Killing Lionel Luthor would be worth the price.

"I've heard enough of this homicidal gallantry from Lex. These threats are becoming tiresome, Eli." Lionel lifted his whiskey glass.

Eli promptly seized the first heavy object at hand, which happened to be a ghastly reproduction of a classical Greek bust of generic divinity, and sent it sailing across the distance between himself and Lionel, smashing Lionel's glass and propelling whiskey and glass shards across Lionel's preposterously expensive suit before sailing over the back of the sofa to land on the floor behind it.

Lionel didn't so much as flinch. "Twice in one day," he remarked. "My laundress will begin to suspect me of unsavory habits."

Eli stepped closer. "I have your attention?"

Lionel turned his head to regard Eli with narrowed eyes. "You've had my attention from the first day I laid eyes on you."

"Then you will listen. First: if you ever again lay hands upon or make advances to Mrs. Kent, I will geld you and nail your bloody testicles to a tree for the crows to eat."

Lionel's mouth opened, but nothing emerged. He drew an uneven breath, but Eli proceeded before Lionel could speak.

"Second: Your son has had more than enough of your nonsense. There are to be no more meetings."

Lionel found his voice. "I imagine Lex will have something to say about this."

"There are to be no more clandestine attempts to acquire control of Miss Jenkins' estate."

"I haven't the faintest idea what you're talking about." 

"There are to be no more references to Alexander's brother. To anyone."

The color in Lionel's face began to fade.

"There will be no more 'gifts' to Mr. Fordman."

Lionel stared. "Gifts?"

Eli noted the startled confusion of Lionel's manner and stored it away for future consideration. "You will sever all contact with Alexander."

Lionel pulled a linen handkerchief from his breast pocket and began to soak up the whiskey that remained pooled in the folds of his silk. He seemed unconcerned by the razor-sharp glass shards. "I think not. Lex and I have a great deal to discuss."

"If you have any messages for Alexander, you will give them to me."

Lionel smiled, sparing Eli a brief glance. "Tell me, Eli. Are you the party responsible for Lex's proposal regarding our ancestral home?"

"This is no more your ancestral home than it is mine. And I assure you that despite your deranged inability to perceive this, Alexander is quite capable of formulating and fielding his own proposals."

"The Incorruptibles, then. Or my soon-to-be-stone-cold nemesis. I refuse to believe that Lex would simply give away the crown jewel of his birthright."

"I should think it would be painfully obvious to you by now that Alexander's definition of his birthright differs considerably from your own."

Lionel said nothing for a moment. "Perhaps," he said quietly. "But if Lex is capable of formulating and fielding his own proposals, he's certainly capable of organizing his own schedule. We will be meeting tomorrow."

"Not if you value your life."

Lionel shrugged. "This is Lex's decision. If you or the Incorruptibles prevent our meeting at the Kent house, then we'll meet at Lex's little shack in the woods."

Eli started counting again, but he barked a laugh, imagining the scene Lionel was likely to encounter should he make this attempt. "It is plain that you do not value your life."

Lionel began picking the pieces of glass from his suit as if he were plucking petals from a daisy, placing them in the damp handkerchief with great care. "I have some experience in circumventing security systems. And if you imagine that Siobhan Teskey holds any terror for me, then you do not know me."

"I know you. So does Miss Teskey. Should you attempt to gain admittance to Alexander's residence, the lady may well deprive me of the pleasure of placing your head on the spikes on your gate."

"If all you have to say to me are yet more dire predictions of my imminent demise, then I see no purpose in continuing this conversation." Lionel tossed the silken bundle of glass shards onto the side table. Two of Lionel's fingers were bleeding.

"I have this to say. Alexander entered into this agreement with you in good faith. You have perverted its original purpose to suit your own ends."

"The facts of the case indicate otherwise."

"The facts of the case are these: a violator of children seeks to regain unrestricted access to his son; a thief claws to regain control of a fortune that was never his; and a madman still howls in the night that his son murdered his infant brother."

Lionel stared at him, speechless.

"There will be no more meetings." Eli turned on his heel and left.

***

The minute Clark reached the top of the farmhouse stairs, he was stopped in his tracks by the sight of Siobhan Teskey, blocking the hallway. Her arms were crossed over her chest and she was wearing her fiercest scowl.

Oh, crap.

Teskey glared at him as if he were some cockroach she'd found under the bathroom rug. "What in the devil's name do you mean by making such a racket?"

Clark winced. He should have known he'd have to get past Taz. "I'm sorry, Ms. Teskey. I tried to be quiet."

"Sure and it's a herd of elephant passing by this door and phones ringing day and night. How is a sick woman to get any rest? I might as well set up her bed in LuthorCorp Plaza."

Clark heard a sigh and an unmistakable cussword from inside. "Teskey, for God's sake. Yes, he's here, Eli."

Shit. This couldn't be good.

"I'm sorry," Clark said meekly. "I'm just going to see Lex. It's kind of important."

Teskey assumed a skeptical expression. "It's always important. The world revolves around the whims and tribulations of Alexander Joseph Luthor."

Pamela's laugh was a little wheezy, but it was there. "She sees the light. We have a convert, Clark. Yes. Call me in the morning, Eli." Clark heard her hang up the phone.

Teskey's scowl deepened. "It's always Alexander. Everything is Alexander. The world is Alexander, and everyone and everything else is but a boil on his bum."

"Ms. Teskey," Clark said, in as polite a tone as he could manage, "Lex doesn't have a boil on his bum."

Teskey's eyes widened, but Pamela laughed so hard she started coughing. Teskey shot an alarmed glance over her shoulder.

"I'm fine, I'm fine. You're a damned tarantula, Teskey. Let the boy in."

"I suppose His Highness has discovered a hangnail or a—"

"Teskey, let that boy in now." Pamela's voice was weak but emphatic.

Clark fought the urge to run away. The only time Pamela didn't sound weak and spacey like this was when Lex spent any time in her room. She didn't let Teskey give her the morphine then. "I didn't mean to bother you, Pamela. I was just—"

"Don't let that holy terror twist your impressionable young mind. You're never a bother. Damn it, Teskey, get out of the way!" Her voice was almost normal now. Probably because she was mad.

Teskey grunted and stepped back, muttering what were probably swear-words. Maybe Gaelic swear-words. 

Clark sidled past her and walked in, trying not to let how bad Pamela looked do anything to his face. Afternoons were always worse. "Hi."

"Hi yourself." Pamela gestured to Lex's chair at the side of the bed. "Sit yourself down, Mr. Kent. We're going to talk."

Aw, shit. This could be nothing but trouble.

"This is the time you should be sleeping." Teskey's voice was so fierce that Clark fairly scooted across the room to sit in Lex's chair, setting the picnic basket on the floor beside him. "It is the time that was agreed upon by all concerned that you not be disturbed. You are a menace to yourself, Pamela Jane Jenkins. You should be bound and gagged, so you should. And I—"

Pamela reached down to seize one of her slippers, which she promptly hurled at Teskey, smacking her on the hip. Clark stared at her, startled. "Oh, go back to Belfast, you gargoyle. And close the door on your way out."

Muttering what were now definitely swear-words, Teskey retreated, shutting the door behind her. Clark could see through the door that she had taken up a position just outside, arms crossed as if to bar the next invader.

Pamela sighed and settled against her pillows. "You're going up to see Alexander."

"Yeah. He's…had a rough day."

Pamela gave him a wry look. "From what I hear, that's been going around. Don't worry. Things are going to get better." 

"I'm ready for that to start any time now."

"Eli just delivered his messages to Lionel."

Clark managed not crush the arms of his chair at the mention of Lionel's name. "Did he kick his ass?"

"Unfortunately, no, but he did mention that Lionel wound up with more liquor in his face."

"Good," Clark said darkly. "Should have been worse."

"Oh, it will be. I've been thinking a lot about those laptops Alexander is so fond of."

"Yeah." Clark tried to relax again. "Me, too."

"Has he shown you what's in them?"

"Some of what's in his dad's. Mostly that memory matrix stuff. Nothing from Karloff's, though. He'd close it whenever I got close."

Pamela smiled grimly, as if she wasn't surprised. "You need to read whatever's in Karloff's laptop, Clark."

Clark shifted uneasily in his chair. "That's what Karloff said. He said it would show me who Lex really was."

Pamela snorted. "Did he, now. Well, the little swine may be right, because I'll lay you even money you'll find what's taking Alexander apart in there."

"You still don't think it's his dad?"

"The two aren't mutually exclusive, Clark. Lionel Luthor has his greasy fingers in every nasty piece of business we have to deal with."

"I won't go behind Lex's back."

Pamela smiled. She almost looked well. "You've been good for him, Clark."

Clark flushed and looked at his feet. "I want to be."

"And I'm very grateful that you two met."

"Well, he did sort of hit me with his car, so that part wasn't hard."

Pamela's laughter brought Clark's head up again. "You'll always stand by him, won't you?"

"Yes." Clark swallowed. Something in Pamela's eyes was a little scary. Like…if he didn't stand by Lex, she could come back and do something about it.

"Sometimes you might have to bend the rules to do that." She was still smiling, but there was nothing but dead serious in her dark eyes. "It would be better if Alexander showed you what's in the swine's laptop. But if he won't—"

"Yeah," Clark said glumly. "Great. Another reason for him to hate my guts."

"Don't confuse anger with hate, Clark," Pamela said gently. "Alexander could never hate you. He'll always be there for you, too. Now run along, and tell Alexander I'll see him in the morning."

***

Lex heard Pamela's door close and sighed softly as Clark approached the stairs to the bedroom, keeping his eyes closed. He should have known Clark wouldn't make it past Pamela. The woman was an inveterate conspirator on a mission of salvation. It was no wonder she and Clark had been mind-melded from the moment they met. She was probably attempting to ascertain whether Lex had attended confession and made the appropriate penance. Unless there was some other campaign to save Lex Luthor from himself underway. One never knew.

Lex ran his hand over the note still pressed against his chest, shifting against the pillows as he listened. He smiled as Clark's footsteps came to a halt at the bottom of the stairs.

"Aw, Lex." It was a resigned murmur. "You weirdo."

Lex couldn't help grinning as he listened to Clark climb the steps, stopping to pick up the single tulip Lex had laid on each one. "I overdid it, right?"

"You overdo everything." The tenderness in that voice made Lex glad that the room was dark. "Don't stop, okay?"

"So noted," Lex whispered.

Clark approached the bed, and Lex opened his eyes, trying to see Clark's face in the dim light of the three candles. Clark laid the bouquet of tulips on the night stand. He sat down, leaning over Lex with one flower in his hand. 

Lex could see his smile, now. It was a healing experience. "So. How was your day?"

Clark rolled his eyes. "Ha-ha. I guess Eli ratted me out, huh?"

"It's Eli's sworn duty to rat you out. He also—"

Clark laid a finger on Lex's lips. "Normal boyfriends." He hoisted the picnic basket. "See?"

"Blueberry pie," Lex murmured, catching the scent. "You're a man of your word." He felt soft flower petals being drawn across his upper lip.

"Chicken soup, too."

"Ah." So this was a mission of mercy. He should have known.

"And ham sandwiches."

Good Lord. Martha was on the case. "How appropriate." 

Clark shimmied up to Lex on his side, leaning on one elbow as he teased Lex's nose. "Red tulips? Not white?"

"Just updating the botanical symbolism."

"What?"

Lex laid his hand on Clark's cheek. "White tulips symbolize a lost love," he said gently.

Clark's eyes widened. "Lost?"

Lex took the red tulip from Clark's loose fingers. "Found now." He moved his other hand across the warm paper lying on his chest.

Clark got that bewildered look that inevitably twisted Lex's gut. "Geez, Lex. What have you been—"

"Just some ruminations on the subject of the toppling of cosmic dominoes, and the unintended benefits thereof." Lex touched the tulip to Clark's cheek. "Nothing to worry about."

"You're punchy."

"You're late."

Clark blinked. "Yeah. I'm sorry. Pamela wanted to talk." He ducked down to lay his head on the pillow next to Lex's, his gaze fixed on something over Lex's shoulder.

Lex stifled a sigh. An operation was definitely underway, and it was strictly need to know. "Details," he murmured.

Clark nuzzled him. "Normal boyfriends."

"Details first."

"Why?"

"Details now."

Sighing in exasperation, Clark reached across Lex to pick up the open cell phone from the night stand, bringing it into Lex's field of vision. "You first."

Damn him. Of course he'd notice. He noticed everything. "Excuse me?"

"Details."

Lex regarded him through narrowed eyes. "You have dark powers, Clark."

Clark's eyebrows rose. "Details now."

Lex sighed and took the phone from Clark, flipping it shut. "Can we go back to normal boyfriends?"

"Depends."

Lex tossed the cell phone away, smiling as it hit the rug. "I'm prepared to hear your terms. However, I'm compelled to point out that 'normal,' in our case, includes discussion of any number of childhood traumas and blood-curdling events."

Clark rolled his eyes, but there was a strained look to him that confirmed Lex's suspicions. "I think you're kind of missing the point, here, mastermind." He slipped a hand down to tug on the waistband of Lex's sweatpants.

"Which is?"

"To avoid trauma and blood-curdling. At least for a little while."

"Ah." Avoidance would seem to be the theme of the evening. "This would constitute a significant alteration in the dynamics of our relationship."

"Very funny."

"Have you given this drastic course of action sufficient thought?"

Clark started laughing. "You are such a pain in the ass." He took hold of the edge of the piece of paper resting on Lex's chest and tried to slide it away, but Lex seized his wrist before he could stop himself. 

"No," Lex rasped. "Don't take it."

Clark bent to peer into Lex's face with a startled expression. "I was just going to—"

"Don't take it back." Lex cursed inwardly. God, he was pathetic.

Clark gently pulled his wrist free and pulled Lex into his arms, cradling his upper body. "I don't want to take it back." He kissed Lex's temple as Lex relaxed against him. "I just want you to put it down so we can, uh, do normal boyfriend stuff."

Lex drew a steadying breath. "Do normal boyfriends write notes like this one, Clark?"

Clark gave him a small smile. "Probably not. I guess I mean normal for us."

"I've never written a note like this."

"You don't have to write anything, Lex." 

"Nobody has ever written me a note like this."

Clark peered into his face, clearly at a loss. "Did you want them to?"

"No. Yes." Lex paused, reflecting on the undeniable degeneration of his mental faculties. "May I respond within thirty days?"

"Lex."

"In writing?"

Clark cradled him close, still smiling. "You can respond any way you want."

Lex considered the statement for a moment. The fact that Clark persisted in his laissez-faire policy when it came to Lex Luthor's responses was a matter of some fascination. Any sane human being would have had more than enough Luthor psychological pathology and ugliness for one lifetime. Lex very carefully laid both the note and the tulip on the pillow beside him, then yanked Clark down and kissed him long and hard.

Clark groaned and came out of the kiss with wide eyes. "Whoa." Clark slid his hand up the inside of Lex's thigh with gratifying eagerness and an amazed expression, laughing. "Great response, Lex."

Lex sighed resignedly as he went hard at the touch of those warm fingers through the fabric of his sweatpants. That's all it took. That's all it had ever taken. He'd never in his life been as easy as he was for this impossibly beautiful boy. He opened his mouth to make clear, in no uncertain terms, that this was by no means the limit of his response. He was cut off by the shrill sound of his cell phone.

Clark stiffened and raised amber-tinted eyes to the source of the sound. Something in his face, something new, made Lex freeze. "Clark, we're not answering—"

Clark lunged across the bed and snatched the phone from the floor. "What do you want now?"

Lex stared up into the rage in Clark's face, breathless. 

There was a split second of startled silence, then a chuckle. "Back again, Clark?"

"What the hell makes you think I'm ever anyplace else?" Clark sat up and swung away from Lex.

Lex immediately sat up to lay a hand on Clark's shoulder. "Clark. Give me the phone."

"Your point is well taken. May I speak to Lex, please?"

Clark actually shrugged Lex's hand off his shoulder. "You've spoken to him enough."

"You're being extremely rude. Let me speak to Lex."

Clark struck the mattress with his fist. "You're not ever going to speak to him. You're not going to get anywhere near him again."

Christ. Lex scrambled around on the bed to face Clark. "Give me the phone now." Clark met his gaze, and Lex fell silent and leaned back, stunned by the fury in that face.

"That seems to be Eli's opinion as well. However, it's Lex's decision, not yours."

"You're right. And he's decided not to have a damn thing to do with you."

Thoroughly rattled, Lex forced himself to speak. "Let me talk to him, Clark."

"That's neither in his interest nor yours. Calm down, boy."

"I don't want to calm down! I'm done being calm."

"Clark. You're Lex's…partner. I'm his father. We're going to be part of each other's lives for a long time."

Clark's gaze went unfocused, and Lex felt an unaccountable chill touch his shoulder blades. "Yes," Clark said in an eerie monotone. "A very long time."

"Don't you think we should come to an understanding?"

Clark snapped back from wherever he had gone. "I understand you," Clark rasped. "I know you." 

Lex caught his breath and snatched the phone from Clark's hand. "You're rapidly becoming the houseguest that wouldn't leave, Dad."

"I apologize for the intrusion. Your partner seems a little frustrated, Lex." 

Lionel sounded distinctly amused, and Clark gritted his teeth and closed his eyes. Lex hastily glanced about for the fire extinguisher. It was standing reassuringly close by. "My partner isn't frustrated," Lex said pleasantly. "My partner is pissed off." He guided Clark's hand to the extinguisher, and saw Clark relax visibly.

"Thank you for the clarification. I received a visit from Eli a few minutes ago."

"It really isn't necessary to keep me apprised of your social engagements."

"I'll assume that was an attempt at humor. He tells me that our meeting tomorrow morning has been cancelled."

Lex sighed. "Not to my knowledge." He regarded Clark with raised eyebrows.

Clark pinched his eyes shut even tighter, clearly fuming.

"I thought as much. You've acquired quite the little army of protectors, Lex."

"I think it's more accurate to say they've acquired me. Trifle with their protective natures at your peril."

"I wouldn't dream of it. However, in the interests of our alliance, I suggest that you tell them to restrain themselves."

"I'll assume that was an attempt at humor."

"Eli mentioned some issues we need to discuss, Lex."

"My amazement exceeds all bounds. I'll see you in the morning." Lex hung up and regarded Clark in silence for a very long second.

"For God's sake," Clark said without opening his eyes. "Stay away from that sadist."

Lex felt the phone slip from his fingers. "I'm not—"

"Isn't that what you said to me?"

"That's what I said." Lex sighed. Clark really needed to learn how to embrace the concept of hypocrisy. "My father doesn't represent an immediate threat to me." Lex wondered briefly who he was trying to convince.

"He's ripping you apart." Clark voice started to wobble. "He likes ripping you apart."

Lex draped an arm around Clark's shoulders and pulled him closer, cursing his weakness. He should never have told Clark about Julian. "I don't rip that easily. Breathe, Clark."

Clark opened his eyes carefully and blinked a couple times before turning fiery eyes toward Lex. "I won't just sit here and let him hurt you."

Lex pulled Clark close. "You're not taking my father on. This is non–"

"I took your father on the day I met you. I just didn't know it." Without warning, Clark took Lex by the shoulders and pushed him down onto the bed, pinning his arms. Lex watched him, going painfully hard as Clark pressed Lex's wrists into the mattress. God, he loved this. He loved Clark like this. Clark bent low over Lex, so close that his hair brushed Lex's forehead. "Now I know it," he whispered. "And we're in this together, Lex. For all of it. Whatever it is."

Lex found part of his voice. "I see. The junior partner is staging a takeover of the moves division."

Clark kissed him. "The junior partner has always been in charge of moves. You know why?" Clark pressed wet lips and tongue to Lex's throat; Lex lifted his chin in tacit invitation.

"Because the senior partner's moves suck?" Lex managed to rasp.

"Wow. He can be taught." Clark released Lex's arms, ignoring Lex's growl of protest, and hooked his fingers into the waistband of Lex's pants. "Normal boyfriends, Lex."

"Right," Lex breathed, watching Clark yank Lex's pants down with praiseworthy determination. "Normal. I'm on it." He peeled off his t-shirt and tossed it aside, only to be pounced on and pinned again by a stark naked Clark Kent. Lex suppressed a gasp, staring up him. Good God, the boy could get naked fast these days. He managed to restrain a remark, borne of sheer perversity, that normal boyfriends did not engage in supersonic stripping. "Are we on a schedule?"

Clark's only answer was a deep kiss, and Lex forced himself to relax under the power of it, under the power of Clark's grip on his wrists. It crossed Lex's mind that if Clark ever wanted to make Lex do something he didn't want to do, there wouldn't be a damn thing Lex could do about it. He found himself remarkably unconcerned by the thought. He pulled his mouth away. "Fuck me," he said hoarsely.

"Hold your horses," Clark muttered, pressing lips and tongue down Lex's chest.

"Fuck me now."

Clark uttered something that sounded suspiciously like a giggle, which was definitely not the effect Lex had been going for. "What's the rush?" Clark murmured in his ear. "You have some other date lined up?"

Lex snorted, relaxing despite himself. "Yeah, that must be it."

"They're going to be waiting a long time." Clark swung one long leg around so he was kneeling beside Lex, then gently rolled Lex onto his stomach. 

Lex pulled a pillow closer and rested his cheek against it. "They may storm the place." He heard Clark open the bottle of oil. Well, this was new.

"Good luck with that. You're all mine tonight." Clark straddled Lex and sank oiled hands into the knotted muscles of Lex's shoulders. Lex nearly cried out in surprise and relief. As if sensing it, Clark stopped and leaned down to look into Lex's face, his hair falling against Lex's forehead. "Okay?" he whispered.

"Yes," Lex managed to rasp. "Okay." Christ, those hands.

Clark kissed him and started moving again, his fingers finding every twist and strain, every injury Lex's mind had inflicted on himself for the past month.

"Oh, God," Lex said faintly.

"If it's too much, tell me." Clark's voice sounded very far away.

"Not. Too. Much. Where the hell did you learn this?"

"From you," Clark said in voice that sounded more like a purr than anything else. "Am I getting it right?" 

"From me?" Lex could barely hear himself. "Damn, I'm good."

Clark's chuckle rumbled through his hands as they worked their way down from Lex's shoulders to his spine, between his shoulder blades, and Lex felt himself melting into the mattress. "You are. You're good." Clark's thumbs slid deeper, and Lex drew a sharp breath. "You're the best man I know."

Ah. So this was Clark's idea of brainwashing. It was fiendishly clever. Lex doubted that even he could resist it, as long as he didn't think about anything but normal boyfriends. Lex let his eyes drift shut and nature take its course. Normal boyfriends…

"I believe in you."

Oh, God, Clark.

"No, don't tighten up like that." Clark was coating his hands with more oil. "I want you nice and loose and limber, for all the things I've been thinking about doing to you all day."

Well, damn, that was highly motivating. Well played, Jiminy.

"All day, all I wanted—"

"Between punching bad guys in the face?" Lex managed to mutter into the pillow.

Clark made a rude noise and slid his hands further down Lex's slick back. "Between the punching, yeah. I'd punch Karloff and think 'damn, I want to suck Lex until he starts yelling about beautiful alien princes again,' and then I'd punch Whitney and think 'damn, I want to fuck Lex until he walks funny,' because, you know, that's how us spacemen think about normal boyfriend stuff. Get with the program, dumbass."

"Sorry," Lex breathed. "Tell me—" He gasped as Clark's fingers probed deeply into the muscles of his lower back.

Clark instantly eased back. "Sorry," he whispered tenderly. He bent over to press his lips to Lex's spine. "Are you okay?"

"Don't stop."

"Lex, are you okay?"

"Of course I am," Lex mumbled. "Get back to it, slugger."

Clark sighed in obvious exasperation, but worked his fingers into the tight places with unspeakable gentleness.

"Clark," Lex growled.

"No front seat driving." Clark sounded smug, now. Oh, he was getting too good at this. If such a thing was possible. "Now what was I saying?"

"All the things you're going to do to me, if I don't do them to you first."

"You're not doing anything to me, mastermind. I'm in charge of moves, and you're in charge of lying there and taking it." Clark's fingers slowly worked their way through the knots at the base of Lex's spine.

Lex considered the possibility that passivity had, in certain situations involving massage oil and beautiful alien princes, perquisites previously unconsidered, and stored the thought away for later consideration. "Oh, God," he breathed, as a muscle twitched rebelliously and let go. "Clark—"

"Shhh." Clark's hands slid down to Lex's ass, kneading his way closer to what was obviously the objective of this rather protracted campaign. His finger slipped inside Lex, so gentle, so warm, that Lex let out something he refused to describe as a whimper. Clark leaned down to kiss him, his finger pressing deeper, pushing against him, stretching him, stroking his prostate until Lex cried out and slammed his hand against the bed.

"Clark!"

"Lex?" Clark kissed him again, slipping in another finger, starting the whole, fucking, maddening thing all over again, until Lex gave up.

"Please," he rasped into the pillowcase.

"Please what?" Clark had the gall to sound innocent. Innocent.

"Please fuck me."

"I'm sorry, I didn't quite catch that."

"Fuck. Me. Now. Smartass."

"Oh, I don't know. Maybe I'll just do this to you all night."

Lex summoned all his resources. "Meteorites. Up. Your. Ass. Fuck. Me. Now!"

"Now that's just rude." 

Lex could hear the suppressed laughter in that voice and felt Clark slowly draw his fingers out of him. He let out a long, slow breath. "Clark—"

Clark moved before he could say another word, and God did that boy know how to move. Just enough, just hard enough, just deep enough, just long enough, just fast enough, and Lex knew it was because Clark had to be careful. Careful not to rip his human lover to shreds. He'd learned exactly how much Lex could take before it was too much; and how much Clark could take before he'd lose control. Lex wondered if Clark's eyes were shut, or if he'd start to feel the heat on his back; wondered if those hands that could bend steel would bruise his wrists or break them. 

Neither. It would be neither. Because Clark was always careful, his beautiful boy was always so careful; they'd played harder than this and Lex had come through it with barely a bruise, because Clark loved him.

Clark loved him.

He was babbling again, of course. Something about flying and harder and deeper, about eyes of flame and springs of stars. God help him if Clark ever made good on his threat to record his coital blank verse; he'd never live it down. Clark came, keening Lex's name in his ear, and something about how beautiful Lex was, and Lex could feel every inch of him, still moving, more gently now, as if he knew that Lex couldn't take much more, even though Clark could give all night.

Clark rolled them onto their sides and slipped one hand down Lex's belly to take Lex's weeping dick gently in one hand, stroking it until Lex shouted something completely unintelligible and came, unable to stop his body from bucking until Clark let go of his dick and wrapped his arm around Lex's waist, holding Lex against him.

They lay together, breathing hard, Clark nuzzling Lex and murmuring things like he'd love Lex forever, and want Lex forever, and that he wanted to get old with Lex and nothing could stop them if that's what they wanted.

And Lex kissed him, and told him that he'd love Clark forever, too, and knew that soon Clark's I'll love you forever would end, and getting old with Lex would be no more than a bitter memory.