Four

“Well, I expect that it’s a good thing he's showing signs of recovery, but you really must be cautious. He could turn on you at any time.”

Xander licked barbecue sauce off a finger and attempted to arrange Spike slightly more comfortably across his lap. “Thanks, Giles, but he doesn’t look very turny right now.” In fact, Spike seemed pretty disturbed by whatever fragments of memories had surfaced in his jumbled brain, and he had himself plastered to Xander very solidly. Thus the eating ribs in bed while talking on the phone, a combination that was sure to end in disaster.

Giles sighed loudly. “He was never particularly stable in the best of circumstances, Xander, and now—”

“What do you want me to do? Say, ‘Hey, you can say one whole word, you’re much better now,’ and dump him back in the street? Stake him, now that he’s with it enough to know what’s going on and be afraid?”

“Of course not. It’s just that I fear you’re becoming quite…emotionally attached. And this is Spike, remember. A vampire.”

“Yeah, I’m pretty much reminded of that when I pour blood down his throat several times a day. And how could I not get emotionally attached? I’ve been with him all the time, doing everything for him, and—” His voice had risen enough that Spike had become alarmed, and was now squashing him even more and shaking. Xander took a deep breath and let it out. Much more quietly, he said, “I’m not gonna dump him, Giles.”

“I know. And I’m sorry. Only…do be careful, Xander. Please.”

Xander understood that Giles was expressing genuine concern for him, and most of his anger evaporated. “I’ll do what I can. Just, I’m probably gonna end up vamp chow one way or the other, the way my life goes. I’d rather it happen when I know I’m doing the right thing, than just some random monster getting lucky one day.”

“I understand,” Giles said.

Xander hung up shortly afterward. Spike peeled himself away slightly and looked up at him. Xander scraped a glob of barbecue sauce off Spike’s shoulder with one finger, but before he could get rid of it, Spike leaned forward and took Xander’s finger into his mouth.

Xander wasn’t sure which of them was more shocked: Spike, who was probably expecting the red stuff to be blood and not Rocky’s Extra-Spicy, or Xander, who was instantly certain he was about to lose his nail-gun trigger finger.

They both froze.

And then Spike began sucking avidly, his brow creased in concentration, at which point Xander became instantly and very uncomfortably hard.

“Uh, don’t!” Xander said, and slid his finger out of Spike’s mouth with a loud pop. Spike whined. “I’m not edible.” Xander’s voice came out a little more desperate than he’d planned.

When Spike submitted him to a major case of puppy-dog eyes, Xander shook his head. “No eating Xander!” But then he reached over to his plate and picked up a rib, and he handed that to Spike instead.

Spike immediately stuck the thing in his mouth and began to gnaw on it. Sauce became smeared all over his face and, when he slapped happily at the bedding, the sheets as well. Some of it splattered on Xander. They were both going to need bathing, and it looked like Xander was going to have to do another load of laundry. But he didn’t mind too much, not really, because Spike was smiling kind of goofily around the bone and obviously having a fine time indeed. As for Xander’s erection, he ignored it into submission.

***

He was awakened the next morning by a loud thump. He shot upright in bed, crying out, “Wha’?”

Spike was on the floor between the beds, trying unsuccessfully to sit up. His face and hands were bloody. “Xan,” he said. He looked frightened.

Xander got tangled up in the blankets as he tried to scramble out of bed, but managed to free himself before he fell, too. He knelt beside Spike and pulled him up, checking him over for wounds. “What’s the matter, Spike? What happened?”

“Xan…Xan….” Spike seemed to be struggling to find words. And then, as Xander continued to examine him for injuries, Spike’s face shifted and he was all bumps and glittering fangs. He shoved his hand clumsily toward his mouth and ended up cutting a pretty deep slash across the top of his finger. “Xan,” he said again, this time a little mournfully.

Xander felt his racing heart slow a little. He gently pulled Spike’s hand away from his mouth. “It’s okay, Spike. It’s just your other face. You’re a vampire, remember? The Big Bad.”

Spike didn’t look comforted. “Bad?” he whispered. And then, more loudly, “Bad!” He pushed himself clumsily away from Xander and buried his face in his hands. He began to sob.

“Oh, shit, Spike. I didn’t mean…. You’re not bad, okay? You’re good.” He tried to draw Spike into his arms.

But Spike twisted away. He lifted his head up, his golden eyes all teary. “No, Xan. Bad. Bad.” And he fell over on his side and began to cry even harder.

Xander didn’t understand why Spike was so upset. He did the only thing he could think of, which was to tug Spike upwards again and force him into an embrace. He never thought he’d be desperately clutching a demon to himself, but here he was, and after a moment Spike’s stiff body loosened, and the vampire slumped heavily against him. Xander rubbed his back and sort of hummed at him.

Eventually, the storm blew over. “Hey,” Xander said into Spike’s ear. “I’ll bet you’re hungry. And maybe a tiny change of scenery is in order.”

Spike still couldn’t stand, let alone walk. So Xander carried him into the living room and set him down on the couch. There was no sign of Anya; either she was still zonked out, or else she’d got lucky the night before. As Spike looked around himself curiously, Xander went into the kitchen and got a bottle of blood and a glass of OJ. He helped Spike drink his first. Spike could hold the bottle now, but tended to lose his grip or slosh things around, and Anya would not be pleased if A-Pos ended up on her sofa. The blood successfully downed, Xander plopped down beside Spike and pulled a fluffy white throw t over them both. Spike stroked the soft material with one hand and then leaned against Xander and sighed.

“Yeah, I know. Probably this wouldn’t be your first choice in accommodations. Keep up the healing, though, and you’ll be back on your own soon enough.” Oddly, saying those words left a tight, bitter feeling in Xander’s chest. He shook his head and picked up the remote.

They watched TV most of the day. Spike didn’t seem to care what was on. Movies, sci-fi, commercials—whatever it was, he watched, his mouth hanging slightly open and his eyeballs moving back and forth. Xander felt as if they were both melting into the couch. But it wasn’t so bad, really, to have a lazy day, considering what his life had been like lately.

At lunchtime, Spike had more blood and Xander made himself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Spike seemed to want to try some, so Xander gave him a piece. Spike made a horrible face—which made Xander snort with laughter—and spit it out. On the other hand, Spike crunched happily, if messily, on several of Xander’s potato chips. Xander was going to have to vacuum the couch cushions if he didn’t want Anya wreaking vengeance on him.

Sometime deep in the afternoon, when Xander was most of the way into a catatonic stupor and Spike was sort of draped across him, the phone rang. Xander ignored it and it stopped. But then it started again and he groaned, because he could see the handset sitting on a chair, out of reach. Of course, by the time he’d dislodged Spike, who grumbled wordlessly over it, and made his way across the room, the ringing had stopped again. It started up for the third time just as he’d turned to head back to the couch.

“What!” he said into the receiver, probably a lot more nastily than necessary.

“Somebody got up on the wrong side of the bed this morning.”

“Sorry, Buff. It’s been a rough couple of weeks.”

She made a sympathetic noise. “I know. If you want me to take him off your hands—”

“And do what with him?”

“I don’t know. I can’t really keep him in the dorm. Maybe my Mom’s house?” She didn’t sound very certain at all about it.

“Look, Buff, it’s okay. I’m getting some rest today and it’s cool. Besides, he’s getting better.”

There was a brief silence on the other end. “Yeah. Giles said. Are you sure you’re…safe?”

Xander glanced over at Spike, who had his thumb in his mouth once more, and his eyes glued to Rachel Ray. “Yeah, I’m good.” He sighed. “Hey, Will says you have a new squeeze.”

She giggled. “I kinda do. He’s this guy from school. He’s sweet and a little dorky and really hot and he’s normal, Xan. Like, aw shucks, golly gee, apple pie normal.”

“That’s great,” he said, and he meant it. He wasn’t sure he’d recognize normal if it bit him on the ass.

“So,” she said in a more businesslike tone, “I actually called to tell you I got some info on who brained Spike.”

Xander winced. “Yeah?”

“Humans. There’s a gang of ‘em who’ve caught onto the whole Hellmouth thingy, and they’re sort of vigilantes. But I don’t think they have a clue what to do about demons, or they’d have done something a little more terminally fatal to Spike. I’m thinking I should go have a talk with them, tell them to butt out before something eats them.”

Xander wanted to do a lot more than talk to them. “Buffy, they attacked a helpless…um, vampire.”

“You do realize how strange that sentence was, don’t you? How were they supposed to know he was chipped? Besides, it’s Spike. He makes even people who don’t know he’s a vamp want to hit him.”

“Yeah, but still…if you find out who they are, let me know, okay? At least then I can warn Spike to steer clear of them, once he’s back on his own.”

She was very silent for a long minute. “Xan…his chip is gone. If he goes back to his old Spikish ways, I can’t let him hang around draining the locals.”

“You can’t just stake him!” Spike looked up in alarm at the panic in Xander’s voice. Xander tried to smile reassuringly at him.

“Xander, he’s a vampire, and I’m the Slayer. It’s a thing. I know you…you’ve been taking good care of him. But I can’t ignore homicide.”

Xander knew that was true. Hell, he couldn’t just ignore homicide, either. But still….

At the other end of the line, Buffy sighed. “Look, I gotta book. We’ll figure something out later, if it comes to it, okay?”

“Okay. ‘Bye, Buff.”

He had just settled back onto the couch again, this time with the phone close by, and once again with a Spike blanket, when the front door opened and Anya came in. She looked very self-satisfied, but she raised an eyebrow at them. “You two look awfully cozy.”

“Hey, Ahn. We’re couch potatoes today. I guess the date went well, huh?”

She smiled. “Mark is very nice. We had an expensive dinner and we went to his house and had sex. He has a large penis, but he’s not as talented at sex as you are.”

Xander blushed. “Uh, thanks, I guess.”

She sort of shrugged, then walked on into her room.

The thing about sitting around like a slug all day was that it was exhausting. So it was fairly early still when Xander clicked off the TV and carried Spike back into their room. Xander tucked him in and tried to go to sleep himself, but he could hear Spike tossing and turning restlessly, mumbling little sounds that were almost words, whining a little with frustration. Finally, Xander clicked the light back on. “Not sleepy?” he asked.

“Xan,” Spike said, which wasn’t really an answer to the question.

Xander had a flash of inspiration. He grabbed a graphic novel from the small shelf between their beds and took it over to Spike’s bed. Xander sprawled out on the mattress with Spike pressed close to him, and Xander read the book out loud. It was the fourth in the Sandman series. Spike listened carefully, although he probably didn’t understand more than a tiny bit, and he looked intently at the pictures. Xander got most of the way through the book before he was yawning too much to go on. By then, at least, Spike seemed more settled, and when Xander returned to his own side of the room and turned off the light, all was quiet.

All was quiet, that is, until the wee hours of the morning, when a shriek and a thud sounded in the pitch darkness of the room. Once again, Xander struggled to consciousness and tried to find the light switch.

Spike was on the floor again, rocking himself and crying. He wasn’t bloody this time, at least. Xander knelt beside him. “What is it, Spike?”

“Bad!” Spike wailed, and flung himself against Xander.

Just then the door flew open. Anya was wearing a slinky little red nightgown, her hair was a mess and she looked pissed. “What’s going on here?” she demanded.

“I think he might have had a nightmare.”

“He’s very noisy. The neighbors are going to complain.”

“He’s scared, Anya. Imagine all the nasty things he probably has to dream about.”

“Well, keep him quiet.”

“I’ll try.”

She stomped out again.

Xander eventually got Spike calmed, and then tried to get Spike back into bed. But Spike refused to go. He struggled so much that Xander almost dropped him, and after a few minutes of fruitless efforts, Xander put him back on the floor. “What? What is it you want?”

Spike looked up at him. “Want Xan.”

Oh. Crap.

Xander looked back and forth between the beds. They weren’t big enough for two. With a heavy sigh, he scooted Spike out of the way, and then manhandled his own bed up against Spike’s. Nothing like furniture moving in the middle of the night. But at least Spike seemed to realize what was going on, and he didn’t fight Xander when Xander hauled him back onto the mattress. The second Xander lay down beside him, Spike flung an arm around Xander’s middle and made a quiet, contented noise that let Xander know this was probably going to be a semi-permanent sleeping arrangement.

Xander almost admitted to himself that that was pretty okay with him.