"Excuse me?" she smiled sweetly at the lead singer of the band. "I just wanted to say how amazing the show was."
He smiled, but she could tell he was more interested in her chest than the words she was speaking to him. As sincere as she was, he clearly only had one thing on his mind. She smirked to herself, knowing hat was perfectly okay; she could work with that.
"You remind me of my boyfriend," she continued, adding a seductive lilt to her soft words.
His interest was seemingly piqued away from her cleavage. "Oh?"
She nodded slowly, licking her lips suggestively. The action was cliche, she knew; but he was certainly not known for his love of intellectual conversation. She knew her chances of luring him into her web of sex inched closer to SCORE with each lick of her petal soft pink lips. So she continued the gesture, watching as his amazingly blue eyes grew wider. And wider.
"Yes, you two look very much alike," she smirked. "In fact, you may know each other."
He nodded slowly, swallowed softly. "Oh?"
"He's a singer, as well," she taunted, placing herself onto the barstool beside him; taking extra care to cross her legs slowly, languidly. "His band was on Warped Tour with you last summer."
Again, he nodded dumbly. "Who?"
"Yellowcard," she stated softly, pronouncing each of the three syllables seductively. "You heard of 'em?"
"Yeah," he smiled, reaching into his pocket and extracting a pack of Marlboro's. "I have. Good band."
She watched him tap the lengthy cigarette from it's foil packaging, then place it to his pouty, full lips. Each of his movements pure sex to her starved eyes. Of course, she had to pause and remind herself of her boyfriend, who stood only feet away, waiting for her signal. Shaking away the thought, she reached into her purse and smirked. "Need a light?"
"Sure," he grinned back, leaning forward toward the small blue flame. He exhaled, a cloud of grey smoke engulfing them. "Isn't this supposed to be reversed?"
She shrugged. "How so?"
He leaned forward to whisper against her ear, speaking in barely a breath. "I'm supposed to light your cigarettes, after I fuck you hard in my hotel bed."
Her eyes met his and as she leaned in for the kiss he was offering, she waved her right hand across the bar top slowly. To any onlookers, it was a nervous gesture of sorts; to her waiting boyfriend, it was a signal. Pounce now.
And he did. Walking up behind her, and wrapping his arms slowly around her waist. His caress ended the kiss, and she nearly laughed aloud when she saw the look on her prey's now pale face.
"Hi?" he questioned to the new male, concern evident in his voice.
"Hi," the other male smile sweetly, shyly. He gently unwrapped his arms from his girlfriend, and extending a hand toward the other male. "I'm Ryan."
"Tony," the singer offered, shaking Ryan's hand slowly and with confusion evident on his large lips. "You're....?"
"Lee's boyfriend," Ryan nodded gently.
"No," Tony laughed, trying to see humor in the situation presented to him. "You're in Yellowcard."
"Yeah," Ryan smiled, his voice gentle and exceedingly calm. "I am. You've heard us?"
Tony nodded. "Saw you dudes at Warped."
"Awesome," Ryan grinned.
"So boys," Lee smirked as she climbed down from her barstool. "Are we going to take this back to the hotel or what?"
Ryan and Tony's eyes met, and they watched Lee exaggerate the movement of her hips as she walked towards the nearest Exit.
"I'm game," Tony grinned as he watched her leave.
"Then come on," Ryan laughed as he jogged to catch up to his girlfriend.

She lay watching the two men, entirely shocked at what her eyes were devouring. This moment, this sight was something she could have only dreamed of before tonight. Fuck, before tonight, she had never even known that her boyfriend would consider touching another man. Let alone partaking in the activities he was currently displaying before her hungry, wanton emerald eyes.
"Oh fuck, oh god, oh YES!" Ryan breathed, his voice barely audible in the large hotel space.
The bed was shaking fiendishly, and Lee's eyes went wide at the sight of the two men. Beside her, Tony was groaning and uttering expletives as he worked inside Ryan's virgin tightness, causing her senses to suddenly focus their full attention as her body went wild with sensation.
"Oh fuck, oh jesus, TONY!" came Ryan's next soft utterance.
"Unnh, oh god, fuck, yeah, so tight," was the response. Lee watched in a mix of lust and shock as Tony seemed to pile-drive his hips into Ryan, no sign of softness or gentle movement evident between the pair. In other words, her spine tingled, this was raw fucking. Right before her eyes.
She felt her hand travel to between her legs, as she hissed. "Fuck," for the men to hear.
Tony never paused or let up in his thrusts, simply grunting, "Mmm" in response to her offering.
They were fucking, Lee grinned. Loudly. Roughly. Blatantly. In bed. In the same bed as her. She returned to her awestruck stare, enjoying the sight of Tony pounding into her boyfriend, the force of his body against Ryan's muscular back igniting the air with more sounds. For his part, Ryan lay on the bed, face turned toward her but with his eyes shut and his breathing intensive. He'd stopped groaning, no more shouts coming from his ravished body. His muscles rippled with each thrust, sweat coating his tanned back.
"Is he okay?" Lee heard herself ask timidly, touching a hand gently to Ryan's forehead and pushing his hair softly back.
"Unnnh yeah," Tony heaved, piling into Ryan frantically. "He's....fuck....he's...tight."
"Are you okay?" she whispered to Ryan, ignoring Tony's useless utterances.
His eyes slowly opened, glazed with a froth of lust and a sensuous cloud of sex. "I'm.....fine," he moaned.
"That.....looks like it hurts," she whispered, then wished she could take it back. How stupid! This had been her fantasy since day numero uno, and yet, she had never been able to voice this desire for boy on boy love to Ryan. Fear that he'd freak, maybe. Most of all, she knew her boyfriend was, and always had been, ridiculously straight. She had never fathomed this as the remotest of possibilities.
Ryan's head shook slowly, though he never once raised off the bed. "Hurts....good," he groaned. There was a pause, and she saw a smile taint his lips. "For you...baby," he growled gently.
"Fuck yeah," Tony groaned and gripped Ryan's hips tightly. Seconds later, her let out a shrill gasp and fell forward, crushing Ryan to the mattress.
She watched this scene in amusement and lustful intrigue, her eyes never leaving Ryan's contorted expression for long. Realizing that Ryan might be in pain, she suddenly heard herself ask "Tony?"
"Yeah?"
"Get off him!" she laughed, nudging the trim blonde gently. Tony chuckled as he rolled off Ryan's battered body and landed beside Lee. He wrapped a sweaty arm around her and sighed exhaustedly. To her left, Ryan took a deep breath, rolled to face her, and seemed to return to life; his normally laidback, gentle personality returning to his body and filling him once again with affectionate candor.
"She watched us!" Tony boasted, his brilliantly blue eyes locking on Ryan's pale brown eyes.
"I know," Ryan grinned. "She loved it."
Lee stared, mouth agape, at her boyfriend.
"Did you like watching?" Tony taunted, nestling his body firmly against her back.
She didn't respond, couldn't respond.
"Did you?" Tony repeated, beginning to massage her hip.
"Yeah," she sighed, relishing his touch and the feel of his body pressed to her own.
"Are you wet?" Ryan smirked, reaching a hand slowly down her body and trying to search out her panties.
She giggled as his calloused fingers trailed over her bare thigh and tugged at the waistband of her pink boy shorts. "Stop!"
"No!" Ryan protested playfully, pulling her closer to his sweat-soaked body. "I want to see if you're wet!"
"I am," she giggled.
Ryan inserted a finger into her body, wrinkled his nose, and blushed. "Why yes you are!"
"Is she really?" Tony smirked, squeezing her hip. "Damn we're good."
"Didn't that hurt?" she whispered, her eyes locking on her boyfriend questioningly. "You've never done anything like that before, Ry....Have you?"
He shrugged his shoulders, but continued to rub his finger tantalizingly slow over her moist labia. "I felt adventurous. You know you bring out the worst in me, Lee."
"You've never....done that?" Tony interrupted, a serious look across his full lips.
Ryan blushed. "No, never. Never even dreamt of it."
"Me either," she exhaled softly, biting her lip against the pleasure that Ryan's long fingers were bringing to her small body.
"Mmm, well," Ryan cooed while nibbling on her earlobe slowly, matching his gentle strokes inside her body. "You should be adventurous tonight too."
All she could do was whimper, and buck her hips wantonly against his entruding fingers.
"How about now?" Tony offered, hopping off the bed and walking slowly into the bathroom. Childish laughter immediately followed. "I could take both your cherries in one night."
"I....don't....I....Now?" Lee stammered, looking toward Ryan for an answer to the unasked question.
"Why not?" Tony called back as he reemerged and plodded toward the bed and the young couple. "Tonight's possibilities are endless."
Ryan continued to lick her earlobe languidly, lowering his tongue to flick across her jawline. He paused, and stared deep into her eyes for a long moment. "If you want to," he whispered so only she could hear. "We can make sure it's pleasurable for you."
Her IQ had dropped to below nothing. His's finger inside her, his moist tongue on her neck: there was no way to think and think clearly. She would say yes to anything right now. Anything he asked, he could have. And then there was Tony.
"What do you say?" Tony whispered. He was behind her now, his arms reaching inside her shorts, brushing Ryan's hand away slowly. She felt his long, thin finger slide easily inside her, felt her body invite the pleasure he could bring her. A mysterious stranger, more or less, who had fucked her boyfriend only moments before. All she could manage was a soft moan, caught by Ryan's lips as they touched her own, searching for entrance into her mouth.
Tony's hands withdrew from her shorts, a long, tattooed arm reaching up and cupping her chin, forcing her closer into Ryan. She groaned at the loss of sensation, but delighted in the soft caress to her face. Tony forced her closer to Ryan, forced their kiss to a new level. Rough, yet subtle and delicate. It wasn't long before Tony's arms traveled lower, wrapped around her, and a long, smooth finger found its home inside her again as Ryan's tongue continued its seductive dance with her own.
"Fuck, you're wet," Tony sighed into her ear. "That's good. That'll make this easier."
She felt him remove his finger from between her legs, a rough hand grasping at the soft curve of her hip and pulling her body against his erection. Seconds later, the finger was rubbing gently against her backside, providing her body with a new stimulation; an odd pressure that she'd never once experienced before this night.
"Am I hurting you?" he whispered.
"No," she sighed.
"Good," he grinned.
Ryan's tongue continued to trace the crevices of her mouth, each miniscule portion of her tongue, each delicious ounce of her glistening teeth. Her concentration focused on her return attack, and Ryan's gentle touch to her thighs. His thumb was only inches away from her most precious spots, and she longed for his touch. The familiar touch of his fingers inside her petite body.
"Still okay?" Tony whispered as he began to work a second finger inside her tightness.
"Mmmhmmm," she breathed into Ryan, gasping with his intrusion of her moist center.
"Good," Tony grinned, this time sighing as he withdrew his fingers gently. She tried not to think about what lay ahead, focusing instead on Ryan's lips and his hard cock rubbing against her bare thigh. He was so excited and she longed to be on top of him at that very moment, screaming his name and giving Tony a show. That had been their original idea, had it not? To give Tony Lovato of Mest a fucking show.
"I love you," Ryan whispered with a smile as he twirled a finger over her wetness. "I love you, Lee."
"I love you too, Ry guy," she winked, feeling Tony fidget behind her. The movement did not interrupt her thoughts, however; and she drifted into the lustful land of pleasure that the two men were working at giving her endlessly. Ryan's fingers inside her, his lips on her lips, and Tony's hands all over her body was nearly too much to take all at once. She was so close.
Tony sighed into her ear, snapping her thoughts back to their session. His fingers again worked inside her slowly. "Are you okay?"
"Mmmhmm," she grinned.
He fidgeted once again, and she felt a cold sensation poking her down below. "Let me know if I need to stop."
"Okay," she sighed anxiously.
There was a cold touch, his firm grip on her hips pulling her backwards, then an amazingly painful wave of pressure filling her insides and make her gasp.
"Hang in there," he grunted.
"Oh.....ouch," she was groaning. Though her eyes were shut tight, she knew Ryan was wincing too. Could feel his lips pull away from her own, his hands lock on her hips and hold her protectively close to his hard body.
"Slow as you please," Tony grinned, stalling his movements. His breath on her lips made Lee sigh, his hands on her hips nudged Ryan gently away.
Ryan took the opportunity to focus his attentions elsewhere, instead moving his fingers quickly to her clitoris. "This will make it feel better," he promised. His promise delicate and soft against her cheek, his breath filled with sex and beer and the cheap wine they had drank before leaving for the show earlier.
She smiled. He was so perfect. And Tony. Tony was going so slow, barely pushing inside her. She slowed her breathing, recovering from the initial shock, and tried her best to focus on Ryan's manual stimulations. Tony's growls a soft reminder of the pleasure that tonight had promised...and delivered.
"Are you okay?" Tony questioned again, slowly pulling out of her and then gently driving back inside just a little further.
"Is it almost in?" she winced, a mix of pleasure and pain. Ryan leaned forward and placed a soft kiss on her lips. Reassuring, she smiled. Loving.
"No," Tony offered after a pause. "But we're getting there."
"Mmmm," was her only response.
Tony was quick to stop moving. "Do you need me to stop? Are you okay?"
"Please stop asking me that," she smiled. "I'm okay...but it hurts."
"I'm in," Tony laughed, massaging her hip gently. "How does it feel?"
"Amazing," she moaned.
"See," Ryan beamed, cupping her face in his hands and kissing the tip of her nose.
"I see," she giggled.
The two men shared a knowing glance, and Ryan nudged his body closer to her. He reached slowly down the length of Lee's body again, grinning with each gentle sweep of his fingers on her sensative skin. "Lee?" he questioned softly, grinning.
"Mmm?" she could only coo.
"I'm going to fuck you too now," he grinned, sliding his length slowly between her folds.
"Fuck," Tony gasped. "That just...fuck. I can feel you."
"OH MY GOD!" Lee gasped and grabbed onto Ryan's hips. "I'm going to die."
"Are you okay?" the two men asked quickly and in unison.
Lee blushed. "Ecstatically perfect."