Hotel Balcony
by KittenOfTheSea

Sex on a hotel balcony draws audience participation.

Traveling was always a pain for me. And for work, I was always traveling. But this time around my husband, Casey, tagged along. We jumped off our flight, and into the cool air in Seattle.

Our hotel wasn't far and the car place was in the airport so it wasn't much of a walk over. Casey hadn't said much to me after we got on our flight. And stood behind me in silence as we got our rental car. I grab the keys as he carries our small carry on bags, and we head out to our hotel.

"Welcome Miss...?" The receptionist greets me with a warm smile.

Casey pushes past me and answers "Casey and Lily Swanten"

The receptionist quickly pulls up our reservation "Ah, I see you here, on our 9th floor balcony suite, here are your key cards and a 200 dollar food voucher. Have a great stay!"

She waves us off and I follow Casey to the elevator. I could tell something was on his mind but quickly shrugged it off as us being tired as we reached out for and began quietly walking through the hallway. We reached our room only for him to suddenly grab my hand and shove it down his pants. I grip his cock and gently begin to rub. "You just cant resist can you?" I tease. I unbutton the first button of my blouse.

His hardened cock throbbing as he shakily unlocks our door and slams it shut behind us as he unzips his jeans. A blush crosses my face as his jeans and boxers hit the floor. I unbutton the rest of my blouse, and much to Casey's surprise, I had also been prepared, as much to Casey's surprise and amusement. My black lace bra cupping my perky tits as I slowly unclasp it with the front clasp. My breasts seem to appease him, as a thin blush brushes his face. I giggle "No need to blush, we've been married for two years"

He leans into me, sucking on my exposed neck. "And you never get any less breathtaking. Come out to the balcony with me." Casey grabs my hand. I go to close up my shirt only for him to rip out back open "No, I want them to see."

I follow him outside, and he bends me over the marble outdoor table. My nipples perking up to the cold as I lay my stomach on the table. I moan as he drops my mini skirt and shoves his cock into my wet cunt. "Huh...no panties...naughty Lily"

He thrusts and I cover my mouth to muffle my moans, only for him to rip away my hand and pin it behind my back. "Be loud Lily, I need the neighbors to hear you screaming. " He thrusts in deeper, slamming his cock into my pussy, making me squirt and squirm.

I find myself screaming his name as he fucks me, and turn my head to see a man on the next balcony over watching. I couldnt help but blush, but the prospect of an audience only made me wetter. I hear Casey grunt behind me as he releases his hot cum into my pussy. I feel him let go of my arm and he sits back in the chair and takes a breath. I stand up and turn around pulling up my skirt

He chuckled and i turn once again to look at the next balcony over to see two other men with the first man, watching. "Give us a sec, I'll have her on her knees next." Casey says to the agreement of the other gentlemen.

I smirk at him and the men on the other balcony. "Sure, and you can cum in me too"

Casey pulls up his pants and rushes. over to our hotel door and I notice one of the men off the balcony is missing. "Let me take her up on her offer" I hear behind me.

I couldn't help but blush up the thought of another man taking me. Casey leads the man over to the chairs in front of me on the balcony. I look at him he has brown hair and blue eyes and is about 6' 5. Just a little bit taller than Casey.

"Hi, Im Luke, Im hoping you don't mind if I take you for a spin" Luke's voice is enticing as he slowly unbuttons his jeans. I could already tell his cock was rock hard and that was exciting.

I jumped up on the table and sat down as Luke lifted my legs up onto his shoulders and shoved his dick in as deep as it could go.

I couldn't focus on the voices behind me on the other balcony, my mind lost in the pleasure. I began to moan loudly, and much to my surprise, Luke's name. As he rammed into me, I see Casey unzipping his jeans again and grabbing my hand to rub his shaft. Luke cocks his head and grunts as she shoots his load into my awaiting cunt. He pulls out, his cum dripping to the concrete below.

"Im gonna cum across your face Lily" I smile at Casey and open my mouth as he removes my hand from his cock. He jerks himself as I lean towards him. His sticky cum splattering across my face and tongue. I swallow what is in my mouth, looking at the two men a balcony over.

"Anyone else want a turn?" I ask. And without a word the other two men rush off the balcony to join us on our balcony.
