Title: Lust Or Love
Keywords: mF, mat, inc, mom, son, mdom
Author: Caesar
Summary: Questioning lust versus love, Tom questions his mothers motives after his step father passes away.






A tidy young lady of Streator
Dearly loved to nibble a peter.
        She always would say,
        "I prefer it this way.
I think it is very much neater."

 
Lust Or Love

by Caesar, copyright 2004

$Revision: 1.4 $ $Date: 2008-05-22 22:19:33 $

The last time I had seen mom we had a large and very loud fight.  I
said some nasty things that could never be taken back - and her
responses were really not digested by me until years later.

Just after high school graduation mom married Gary - an upper
management type of guy.  Solid, boisterous, dependable and friendly.

I hated him.

He was nice enough to me - his wife's only child.  In fact he paid for
my university education - plus a healthy monthly allowance so I can
enjoy myself as well.

Swell guy right?

Well, that swell guy had sent me all the way across the continent to
get me out of my home.  You see, mom and Gary were like teenagers at
home - giggling and carrying on whenever they were together.  I
realized that I put a damper on things, hell I wanted them to cool off
whenever I was near.

Before Gary, mom and I had been alone for nearly ten years - possibly
the best years of my life.  She was my best friend, the only person
alive that I could depend upon.  I think she would have said the same
thing to me... before Gary I mean.

Mother changed after the marriage - she wore more revealing clothing,
acted lewdly when they were both at home... she was just a totally
different person than the parent that I adored.  Mom also seemed to
put our relationship on the back burner - Gary this... Gary
that... what would Gary want to do...!

The last straw was the final week that I lived at home - when I caught
them having sex.  More than once!

There she was kneeling on the floor on her hands and knees wearing
only her kitchen apron, Gary naked behind her - ramming himself in and
out of my mother.  She looked up, and just stared at me with a remote
glassy eyed gaze before Gary slapped her ass loudly and she yelped
before smiling and pressing the side of her face to the linoleum
beneath her.

Only two days later - with mother acting like nothing had happened, as
if I had not seen her acting so commonly with Gary on the god damned
kitchen floor for fucks sake - I walked into the doorway of his study
to see my mom kneeling between her husbands legs, sucking his cock
without pause.  Mom was topless, and her large breasts bounced with
each of her aggressive movements.  Neither saw me - at least until the
end, when Gary gasped, grunted just before mom removed his penis from
her lips and I watched in horror as he shot again and again upon her
cheeks and chin, her tongue hanging out of her open mouth lewdly.
When I blinked I saw her looking at me without emotion as her husband
whipped his rapidly softening cock over the sperm covered flesh of her
cheeks - smearing the mess as if he had been doing this for years.
Well... at least since the marriage to be sure.

The final incident was when I returned to Gary's home late one night
and immediately heard mother grunting from upstairs from their room.
I ascended the stairs and saw that the master bedroom door was wide
open and the sight that greeted me was something out of a porn movie -
my attractive, but ageing mother, dressed in black stockings and heels
getting her ass fucked by her husband Gary.  With her legs spread wide
and her knees pressed almost to her bouncing bare breasts she was
grunting like she was really enjoying it while Gary spoke the most
vile of things to my mother!  She opened her eyes and looked past her
husband's hip to see her son standing in the doorway to her room.
This time Gary saw her eyes and turned his head to look as well,
grasping in surprise to see me standing there as he fucked my mom up
the ass.  He immediately yanked himself out, which was a mistake from
my perspective as I saw everything between mother's spread thighs -
the gaping rectum, the wide black dildo in her vagina!  He pulled the
duvet up over himself and mom and tried to be casual by asking me how
my day went.  It would have been comical if not for the fact that it
was my mother he was buggering!  I simply turned and head to my room
and started to pack.

Early next morning Gary had left early for work and mom immediately
yanked open my bedroom door to confront me.  She was furious - and I
was angry as well as disgusted.  How could she let anyone treat her
that way?

Well, the short of it is - I stormed out of Gary's house with only a
half-filled duffel bag filled with clothes.  I told my mother that she
was a slut and that I hated her and never wanted to see her ever
again.

On the bus to my friends place across town, I kept hearing mother
explain that Gary was a good man, that he took her and I in when no
one else would.  She also defended his libido - saying that it was
nice that a man showed some interest in her, that my father barely
touched her after she became pregnant.

Effectively - what I got out of the loud argument was that she cared
for Gary but did not love him - that she did not enjoy everything that
they did sexually - that she owed him - that she would do anything her
husband wanted her too.

I stayed at my friends place nearly a month before flying to the other
coast to start University.  Yes, I was not so defiant that I did not
accept my mother's husband's offer to clothe, educate and feed me.

The years passed, my anger slowed and transformed into acceptance.

I was able to go to university because mother knelt on the floor of
some over-sized marble-and-aluminium-filled kitchen and grunted like an
animal as she got fucked in whatever hole her husband felt like
filling.

It gave me a different perspective on things - for one, the negative
reaction to 'love' itself.  I remembered how I used to enjoy cuddling
with mom years before Gary, enjoying how her large soft covered
breasts felt so good against me.

Was that love I was remembering... or lust.

How much of my earlier memories about mother and I were the growing
interest of an early adolescent boy to the only woman close to him?

I can remember feeling so proud when mother and I went out together -
how some guys would look at her but she would either ignore them or
tell the more persistent ones that she was with me.

There is nothing wrong with that... was there?

When Gary fucked my mother in the ass was that love or lust?  Lust of
course.  My mother, did she allow it out of lust or love?  She claimed
it was because of duty but I had seen her eyes on each of those three
occasions and what I saw shocked me at the time.  Mother may never
admit it but I would say she was in the heat of passion each time.
Yet I hoped it was love for me - enduring Gary's advances so I can
succeed and advance toward adulthood.

Just about every girl I went out with at University ended up hating
me.  Hating how I demanded their submission, sexual and otherwise.  If
they spoke of love - I ended the relationship, distancing myself from
their obvious confusion between lust and love.  If they were hungry
for our shared lust, I lost any interest in them, love being more
important than love in my opinion.

What I realized after years of failed relationships was that I was
looking for a woman like dear old mom - one that will accept her fate,
will suck my cock when I tell her too - one that will moan with
pleasure as I fucked her in the ass - one that wore the clothing that
I demanded.

In University I did very well with my studies - ending six years with
my Masters and nearly a dozen job offers.  Now I worked at a
prestigious job and life went on.  I was successful and content.

Strangely enough though I never communicate with mother, rather, Gary
and I talked on the phone.  It was necessary, at least in the
beginning, for financial reasons.  Later we talked about more topics -
spending about an hour a month chatting.  The only topic that was
taboo was mother - both of us did not need to be reminded of those
barely hidden emotions on that topic.  I even offered to pay him back
for my six years of education - but he said he would take no money
from me.

Then the telegram came telling me about Gary's death.  Heart-attack it
said.

Why did I go to the funeral you may wonder?  So do I.  Its not like I
cared for Gary.  Hell, I think mother and I would have done fine
without him.  Certainly I would not have been able to go to University
and get my great job, but I am sure we would have been happy.  Or
perhaps I did it out of respect - he had mother, he had money, he had
a life that I envied and desired.

I saw mother dressed in an understated black dress up in the front
isle of the church as I sat in the very back.  She looked thinner than
I remember, older - but more elegant than last I seen her, her hair
gone almost white.  The service was long, with numerous people going
up to the raised dais to tell how great a guy Gary was when he was
alive.  In their own point of view of course.  When the service was
over I tried to sneak out the large double doors in the back but an
old man cornered me, "Are you Tom, Sara's boy?"

"Yes sir."

He smiled widely as he handed me a small white envelope.  "I am sorry
for your loss son, your father was a very fine man."

"Step father."

He did not seem to hear.  "I hoped to catch you here - you were the
final recipient on my list.  Good day Tom."  He turned and left,
walking right out of the church.

Not knowing what this was about - I opened the envelope and read the
letter through.  It was from Gary of course and was a personal letter
to me, mostly things he could not talk to me about when he was alive.
It seemed he was leaving nearly all of his wealth and property to his
two adult children, from an earlier marriage.  He justified this by
saying that I was now in a position to care for my mother and hoped it
would bring us back together as we had before he came along.

If I understood what it did not overtly state, is that mother was now
destitute and needed to leave her home of some years, the very same I
had walked out on her seven years before.

Then I felt it and looked up from the letter to stare into my mother's
blue sad eyes.  Her gaze physically touching me from across the
crowded foyer.

It was too much too fast and I immediately turned and strode out of
the church without a backward glance.

For the rest of that day, I sat in the hotel suite and read the letter
again and again.  Mother, it seemed, was deeply hurt by my abandoning
of her - of our final harsh words.  Gary wrote that a part of her
seemed to have died that day - and he was forever after, jealous of
how his wife felt about her only son, recognizing a bond that he could
never have with her as I had.  He also made it plain that there was
nothing she would not do for me - more than he had ever asked her to
do.  It reminded me of my hurt-full dissertation of her seven years
before and I wondered if Gary was suggesting something more sordid
than caring for my middle-aged widow-mom?

The next day I drove the luxury rental car to Gary's and mom's home -
to see at least a half-dozen cars out front and in the lane.  I
thought to keep driving, that these were only people come to pay their
respects and would interfere with my confrontation with mother.  But
then I saw the front door open and a young man come out holding a wide
screen television.  Mother appeared at the door within seconds, arms
crossed over her chest and appeared to be crying.

Parking the car I strode across the well manicured from lawn to the
open door, mom having disappeared back into the house, and directly
into the familiar house I had left years before.

There was several voices talking all at once, and not in the hushed
tones of a wake, and from various directions as well.  The same young
man came back into the house behind me and frowned in my direction,
"The stereo is mine champ."  Then strode deeper into the house with his
dirty shoes.  I saw that the floor was already soiled, the perfection
of the floor already marred numerous times today.

A older, but very beautiful, woman came into the foyer and stopped
when she saw me.  "Who are you?"  She asked rudely.

"Tom."

She blinked, the corner of her lips turned up into almost a snarl as
she recognized who I was and then she restarted to walk - right past
me and out to a BMW car out front.

The young guy was back, holding two stereo components with cords
dangling behind him.  A girl, about the same age, was behind him with
a small box filled with music Cd's.  He saw me and said without pausing
in his step, "Your mom is upstairs.  Tell her this is how dad wanted
it huh?"

I felt like hitting that cold emotionless look from his face - instead
I strode into the house and up the stairs to the room where I had last
seen mother getting her ass fucked.  As I walked slowly down the long
hallway, I could not help noticing that the solid wooden door was open
just as it had been when I had witnessed mothers debauchery.

She was there of course - seated on the edge of the bare mattress and
bed, much of the room already gutted by the vultures downstairs
evidently, folding a small pile of her clothing into a suitcase.  Her
pale white cheeks were wet with her tears.

Almost a minute of watching passed before mother turned my way, seeing
me standing probably in the exact spot I had stood when I last been in
this room.

Then her eyes practically exploded in tears and she quickly turned
away.

Eventually, when she realized I was still there moments later, mother
asked through a raspy pained-filled voice, "What do you want Tom?"

I didn't say anything - fighting the urge to run out of there, back to
my expensive condo and sports car.

She continued to fold away her clothing.  "I suppose you read Gary's
letter?"

My voice came, finally, but as a whisper, "Yes."

She didn't seem to hear me, "He wrote me as well."  Her head turned
and stared at me almost daringly, "I don't know exactly what he told
you Tom - but if he suggested anything... improper... he was wrong to
do so!"

"Are you nearly done Sara - I was going to break down the bed frame?"
I turned my head to see a middle-aged couple standing behind me.  I
stepped further into the room and rudely slammed the door on them.
When I turned back, mother was again folding clothing.

"What will you do now mother?"

She did not say anything until I asked again.  She dropped the
clothing onto her lap and glared at me, "What do you care?"

Her anger was more than justified - we went from a very close
relationship to awkwardness when she married, to silence for nearly
seven years after our fight.  My right to ask anything of her had been
voided long ago.

"I do care mother."

She didn't seem to hear.  At least for another full minute, then she
seemed to get angry.  "How dare you come here now?  After all this
time!  Did you think you could get what Gary had suggested in his
letter?"  She practically spat the last part in disgust and I realized
my suspicions about his letter had to be a part of mother's turbulent
emotions as well.  Gary had probably given her letter along the same
vein... possibly with more of a sordid direction than my own.

I repeated my question yet again, "Where will you go mother?"

Her anger seemed to have decreased, for now, and she took a deep
breath, "George suggested I go live with him."  She turned back to the
clothing in her lap but only stared at it.

George was Gary's younger brother and my guts twisted with suspicion.
"In what capacity mother?"  I was asking her if she would slut herself
out to the brother as she had with her husband - it was a volatile
question and I expected her to blow up and throw me out.  I knew there
was no love between mother and George - I could hear it in her voice -
lust, well I am sure George hoped there may be some between them, but
mother would only do what she had too... for her man of course.

Instead of the harsh response I was expecting, mother whispered
soberly, "Exactly how your thinking Tom.  George knows I do not have
many options."

She had me - that was what Gary had written in his letter.  When my
step father had wrote to tell me that he knew how I felt about my
mother, did he mean that he knew I loved her or that he thought my
feelings ran deeper, incestuous?

Well, the years since mothers and my parting, my fantasies have run
toward lust-filled thoughts of my own parent - thinking me in the
place of Gary.

Was that my love or lust?  The latter of course... perhaps confused
with the former.

"You have me mom?"  I told myself that I meant that as a son - not in
the way that Gary had suggested in his letter.  There was certainly no
sexual tension in the air at that moment.

Mother could not look up from her lap, "So you can abandon me as you
did seven years ago?  Or how George wants me?"

I had no answer... neither.  I may lust after her, or the fantasy of
her that Gary enjoyed - but I wanted to do this out of love.

Mother never gave me enough time to respond before she continued, "I
never believed Gary, at first, when he told me that you acted the way
you did because you were jealous.  I could not accept it until that
terrible fight between us and I realized that Gary had been right.  It
was more than just an emotional jealously between us right Tom?"  She
was looking at me suddenly but my mouth was dry and I could not speak
- it took all my willpower just to keep her gaze.  "Gary understood us
better than even we did.  He knew I would do anything to bring you
back to me, that I loved you like I could never love him."

A knocking at the door behind me caused me to jump, "The truck needs
to be back by six and we still have the bedroom to move?  Sara...?"

Mother and I ignored the call and stared at the other.  "He wanted
this... he wanted us to be together.  He knew it was inevitable, as he
used to say, when we again met."  She again turned back to her lap and
I gulped in lungful of much needed air.  I realized that I was wrong
earlier, that the air in the large bedroom was filled with a sexual
tense cloud.  "I married Gary so that our life would be better, so
that we could have a better future - I never meant it to end up like
this!"  Mom hid her face in her palms and sobbed out her misery.

Without a thought I stepped quickly forward and knelt down before
her, wrapping my arms about her shoulders and bringing her damp face
to my shoulder.  Mom's arms quickly and fiercely wrapped around my
waist - clinging to me as if she were afraid I was about to leave her
at that very moment for another seven years.  "I am so sorry Tom...!"
She sobbed into my neck.  "I love you so much...!"

Then mother started to kiss my neck, her tear-damp full warm lips
kissing up my jaw to my chin and then to my stunned lips.  She kissed
anxiously, her body trembling in my arms.  She spoke between kissing my
still lips, "I love you... I am so sorry... I will do it... I will do
anything for you Tom...!"

Strangely, the first thing I thought of was to wonder what Gary had
wrote to mother about in her letter?  Had I misunderstood her all
these years or had she lost her sanity to grief and loss?

One of her hands released my back and slipped between us, finding and
then grasping my groin anxiously, aggressively.

That was when I pulled back, out of her reach and knelt there stunned.
She was staring at me, licking her lips, quivering and panting.  What
had just happened - love had turn into something darker in a
heartbeat?  Which was the stronger of the two?

Is that what I wanted - what mother was offering?

Another knock and questions from beyond the door - but mother and I
did not break our gaze, neither seemed to even notice.  But we both
understood the limited time we had to share, this first meeting in
seven years.

Then mother pushed the small pile of clothing from her lap and began
to ease up the hem of her black wool skirt over her full sexy thighs.
The elastic tops of the black thigh-high stockings came into sight and
I remembered, with a blush, the last and only time I saw her wearing
stockings... the black dildo in her vagina, the gapping rectum, the
quivering sweaty breasts.  Her knees spread slowly and I, finally,
could not keep from looking down - at the thin black lace cloth over
her sex.  I could see no hint of hair beneath the lace but could see
the glistening pinkness of her wet sex.

My body was starting to tremble and my mind was telling myself to
stand up and run from the room.  Did I want love or lust?  Which was
mother offering?

The same hand that had grasped my covered cock slipped between her own
sexy soft looking thighs and hooked a finger beneath the edge of the
lace.  Mother pushed it to the side exposing the white flesh of her
sex, the obvious wetness of her pink folds, the lack of hair
surprising.

I forced my eyes back to hers and saw her nod, as if everything was
going to be OK from now on, at me.  Here she was, telling me she was
ready to be back in my life, at any cost.

Is this what I want?  Is this why I had come here today?

No - impossible.  No matter how detailed those fantasies had been
these last years, I never once considered them possible.

Then I heard the words that would sear forever into my soul, "Please
fuck me Tom?"  She whispering them as if mother had spoken this way to
me for years.  As if the sight of her wet hairless sex was common
place for us.

My big mouth opened in response, "Is this what you want mother?"

She nodded as she slowly lay back onto her elbows, her face still
looking at mine.  Then mother brought her knees up so that her black
heels bounced in the air between us, above her.  "I never realized it
until after our fight - just how much I needed you in my life honey.
Gary would make me call him by your name, to imagine it was you and
not him that was making love to me.  It could not replace you honey,
but it made me realize what I would do for you if ever given another
chance."  For some odd reason, my mind pictured Gary's mature hairy
body beneath my stocking-clad mother, she calling him 'Tom',
orgasming.

While she spoke, mother had slipped her index finger deep into her
vagina - then slowly withdrew it before plunging it back in.  She was
very wet, her finger coated with her thick clear juices.

Was this how it was between Gary and mom all the years of their
marriage?  Did Gary wonder if mom loved or lusted after him?  More
likely, he did not care.  Her actions were certainly familiar with the
memories of seeing them together - how bawdy it appeared.  It caused
me to wonder if mother was acting this way because she loved me or
lusted after me?  If she simply spread her legs for the sack of
economics or because she loved me totally?

Mom was looking at my crotch and smiling, licking her lips
expectantly.  And I knew before seeing or feeling it, that I was hard
- throbbing for what was before me.

Even knowing as I did it that it was a mistake - illegal, immoral,
taboo - I unzipped my slacks and drew myself out.

"Yes...", mother gasped when she saw my pink circumcised penis pop
from my pants, "... come to momma!"  Her heels were waving in the air
excitedly.

Comically, though neither of us laughed, I crawled on my knees toward
the bed, between my mothers waving heels, her hanging sexy calf
muscles and quivering inner white skin of her thighs.  She withdrew
her finger all the way, it actually dripping with her juices, and then
brought it to her lips to suck clean.  Her eyes staring at me all the
while - pleading for me to do it, to do what seemed, at least to her
and Gary, as inevitable.

Holding it with one hand, I pressed with my hips and watched as it
sunk into a hot wet furnace that was my mother.  My head swam and my
heart beat so hard I was sure mother could see my skirt thumping on my
chest.

"Yes... baby...!"

Her hands fumbled with my chest... my neck... my face.  Touching me
everywhere, gently and commonly.

"... fuck mommy...!"

My hips began to move and mother groaned in response, her own buttocks
thrusting upward to match my movement.

I was not doing this willingly - and felt that I had no control over
myself, that it was inevitable.  Gary may have been a prophet of lust
- seeing what mother and I had no conception of until this moment.
The love was there, of course, but I can see now that lust seemed to
cloud everything else in our lives.

My cock fit within my own parent as if she were made for me.  Already
loud sloppy sounds echoed from between us, her juices coating the
front of my shirt and slacks.

"... fill me up baby...!"

Our sex clashed loudly as we joined again and again - my hips speeding
up with each thrust.

Her hands had moved from my barely-reachable torso to her own covered
chest - fondling herself roughly as her bountiful covered breasts
bounced upon her chest.  I pictured how those big sexy breasts looked
seven years ago, as they hung beneath her in the kitchen as her
husband fucked her aggressively from behind.

Mother was breathing heavily, grasping, groaning.  It echoed faintly
with my memory of listening to her get fucked by Gary - on the kitchen
floor, on this very bed.

I reached out and touched one side of her face gently, her skin warm
and still wet from her earlier tears.  Her lips opened and she sought
out and then found my thumb, sucking it anxiously as I pumped again
and again into her body.  Her eyes passing me a message - that there
was nothing I could not ask of her... that she would never deny me.

My life became clear - my confusing adolescent lust of this woman, of
my jealousy of her and Gary.  Then living apart from her, wanting her
in a way that was both wrong and so strong that it kept me away.  My
lust misunderstood but often clouding my love for my own parent.

"...oh god mom...!"

"...yes Tom... yes...!"

It was the most satisfying orgasm of my life - this quick rushed
coupling as mother's in-laws stood outside the room.  I pumped again
and again, what felt like a cupful of sperm into the best cunt that I
had ever experienced.

Only after I started to descend from that fantastic high, that I
realized mother was violently thrashing before and beneath me.  I
watched in amazement as my own mom orgasmed, what appeared to be,
again and again even as my cock began to shrink within her sloppy hot
folds.

Then her eyes opened and met mine - the both of us panting for air
while communicating our love.

I reached out and grasped one of her large full covered breasts, my
finger and thumb tweaking the hard nipple above her clothing.  Mother
wiggled beneath me as a wide pleased smile spread on her lips as her
eyes looked upon me with almost innocent glee.

When finally I pulled my nearly-flaccid penis from her vagina, a wave
of mixed juices escaped from my mother's sex and rained down upon the
bare bed and the back of her skirt beneath her.  Mother giggled
playfully but, otherwise, continued to stare at me.

Only when I tucked myself into my slacks, zipping up, did mother sit
up slowly, pulling her panty back in place.

I could imagine I could hear the breathing of those morons outside the
door and knew there was no denying what had happened in here - just
one look should be enough, let alone they must have heard everything.

Mother stood slowly on wobbly legs and smoothed the front of her skirt
out, then her wrinkled and abused blouse.  Nothing could be done for
the back of her skirt and the front of my slacks, where our mingled
juices had stained the cloth.

She then stood there as if waiting for me to say something - I did not
keep her waiting, "Pack only what you need mother."  She smiled
privately then moved to obey.  Mom did not bother to fold the clothing
this time - and took less than a handful of minutes before she was
ready.  A whole closet and dresser of her clothing was left within the
room - but I could see that it meant nothing to her now.  She was
beginning a new chapter in her life, perhaps renewing our earlier life
prior to Gary interrupting it.

Her life was, literally, in my hands.  It was what she wanted - what
Gary wanted.  Even what I wanted but never realized up to now.  I did
love her - as had Gary, but we both lusted after her as well.

I swung open the door to see three sets of wide somber eyes.  The
bodies stepped aside as I strode into the hallway with mother's single
bag in hand.  I did not need to look to know that my mom was following
me.

Down the stairs we strode, more people standing and starring stupidly.
I saw George near the front door, looking at me with envy.  It was
easy for me to leave that house for the last time - perhaps less so
for mother, but I never asked.

I put her bag into the trunk of the rental car, closed the door as she
watched me from the passenger side of the car.  I could not tell if
she was anxious, sad or elated.  But told myself that it did not
matter - like Gary, mother would do what she needed to do.

Not unlike Gary, I may forever question if mother loved or simply
lusted after me?  The benefit I had over my step father, was that
there was no one else in mother's life, as I had been to her in
Gary's.

The car seemed to drive itself away from that exclusive street and
home, mother only having eyes for me.  Did she wonder how her life
would be now that it had taken another turn?

Reaching out with my hand, I grasped her already messy near-white hair
and pulled her face toward me.  In fact I thought I saw a knowing
smile appear on her lips as she descended, her fingers anxiously
unzipping my slacks.  Her mouth engulfing me with love and lust.

--
