Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa's Naughty Scented Candles Chapter 6: Little Sister's Futa Wish Come True
Summary: Things get wild as a little discovers futas are real and are fucking her mother!
Keywords: HhhhhF Hh hh hF Hhhf hhF hhFf fsolo inc oral creampie anal DP voy exhib 1stP

Copyright 2020

Note: Thanks to my FallenAngelX00 for beta reading this!

Daisy Baker

'Alexis, my darling,' the vampiress cooed, her lips stained red with Delilah's blood. 'You have nothing to fear from me.'

'S-stay back!' stammered Alexis. She backed against the wall, her heart beating so fast beneath her nubile breasts. The young maid trembled as the shadowy countess sauntered forward. If it wasn't for the darkness, Alexis would see the lush body of the vampiress. Heaving breasts that bounced and curving hips that swayed. 'You won't have my life!'

'I only want your soul,' purred Countess Desdemona. The vampiress licked the blood from her lips. 'And your love.'

Oh, my, I whimpered, my hand between my thighs rubbing at my virgin pussy. I shuddered, my fourteen-year-old body trembling as I read the erotica I had borrowed on Amazon. My mother had got me a Kindle Unlimited account. I could read all the books I wanted that were enrolled in the program.

There were so many naughty ones that girls my age shouldn't read. 

Erotica was so sexy and awesome. 

I stared at my kindle screen. It was a Paperwhite, the screen backlit so I could read the ePaper with ease. I taped to turn the page, the story building towards its climax. My fingers rubbed up and down my pussy. My juicers flowed. My clit tingled.

'You won't ever have my love!' Alexis gasped. 'Not after what you did to Delilah. You made her into... into...'

'My futa fang-whore?' the countess asked. From the shadows around her crotch, it sprouted. A thick shaft of flesh thrusting out of the hidden folds of her pussy. The cock swelled with virile passion, pulsing with the countess's undead heart. 'You won't be a fang-whore, Alexis. You shall be my queen. That's why I hired you.'

'Almighty god, deliver your servant from evil!' whimpered the girl as the countess and her massive futa-dick came closer and closer.

Oh, this is getting good, I groaned, rubbing hot at my flesh. The last part in the series had been hot when Delilah was turned into a futa fang-whore. That scene where she and the countess had used their girl-dicks on each other had been so hot.

Futas were so sexy. When I had discovered that genre, I couldn't get enough of them. It was a shame they weren't real. I shuddered on my bed. It was the middle of the night. Mom was asleep and my older sister, Shannon, was at her slumber party.

I could masturbate and read futa erotica all night long.

My eyes were locked to the screen as the countess backed Alexis up to the wall, cupped her face, and kissed. My pussy clenched, my orgasm building faster and faster. I pressed my kindle to my naked chest, right between my budding breasts, and closed my eyes.

You'll be my queen, Daisy, the countess moaned in my mind. Her big futa-dick thrust out before her.

Take me, I whimpered, my fingers sliding up and down my pussy faster and faster. I could see the big girl-dick in my mind. That throbbing slab of futanari delight. It would stretch out my young cunt and make me explode.

She kissed me in my imagination. Her lips tasting of copper blood. I moaned as the vampiress thrust her tongue into my mouth. She swirled it about and teased me. I shuddered, my clit throbbing as I rubbed at my aching nub with passion.

In my imagination, Countess Desdemona pressed her clit-dick right against my virgin pussy. She pressed and pressed on my hymen. My slender body twitched. My legs kicked. I whimpered as I massaged my clit hard, imagining that moment of penetration.

She thrust.

My cherry popped.

Yes, yes, yes! I gasped, imagining her girl-dick sliding into my pussy. Stretching me out. Filling me up. Oh, that's so good. That's amazing. Yes, yes, yes! Countess!

My succulent vampire-queen, she cooed in my mind as she thrust her dick in and out of my pussy. Her large breasts pressed against my small boobs. Her fat nipples brushed mine. I groaned and bucked on the bed, my orgasm building. You'll have such a big clit-dick and fuck me hard with it.

Oh, god, yes! I moaned, my bed creaking. The tangy aroma of my pussy filled my nose. I breathed it in as I climbed to that pinnacle of release.

Countess Desdemona fucked my cunt hard. She buried her girl-dick deep into my cunt. It was such a delight. I savored every moment of her burying into my cunt. It was fantastic to picture in my mind. My clit throbbed. I rose to my orgasm.

I love you, Daisy, Countess Desdemona purred in my ear.

I love you! I howled and came.

My pussy convulsed. My juices squirted out, bathing my fingers. I rubbed at my pussy lips as I trembled through my bliss. Waves of delight washed out of my cunt. I shuddered, this wonderful rapture washing through my body. It was such an amazing delight. I groaned and shuddered. 

My mind drowned in such rapture. I savored every moment of it. My head tossed from side to side as I enjoyed this ecstasy. I quivered through the bliss. It was an awesome. I panted, my toes curling. I rubbed at my pussy lips as the heat died down.

That was a great one. It was my third of the night. I wanted more. I lifted the Kindle from my tits, the light bathing over my face. Countess Desdemona was still kissing daisy. I squirmed and cooed, Ooh, she's surrendering.

Alexis felt the futa-cock pressing into her stomach. This mighty girth. She had never been with a man, though she had such a great curiosity for it. Now... that curiosity burned. She couldn't believe that the countess had a dick. It was more impossible than her being a vampiress. But

SLAM!

I blinked.

SLAM!

SLAM!

Those were car doors closing. They sounded right outside. I frowned and rose from my bed. I padded naked to the window, my heart beating so fast. I peered out at the front of the house and saw a strange car in the driveway. 

The front door creaked open. 

Burglars!

Panic flooded through me. I dove onto my belly and wiggled beneath the bed as I heard them moving through the house. There was more than one. I heard a laugh. Then footsteps rushed up the stairs. 

I whimpered, my heart beating so fast. They were on the second floor and just outside my door. I groaned, my entire body shaking in fear. They would hurt me and rob me. I wanted to scream, but they would know I was here.

I clamped my hand over my mouth.

The bedroom door opened. Fear shot through me. My kindle was on. They would see it I stared at their feet. They were bare. Of course, they didn't want to leave behind shoe prints and get caught. I trembled as one entered.

Huh, she said. It was a girl's voice. Not here. Weird.

Then the feet padded away. They were heading to Mom's room. I quivered as I heard the door open. Then there were shouts. I squeezed my eyes shut. They were attacking Mom. Hurting her. I just had to hide. I couldn't do anything for her. I was such a coward.

Sorry, Mommy, I whimpered. But you'd want me to be safe. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Eileen Baker

The fuck! I gasped, bolting upright as the light from my bedroom door that had flung open fell on me. Then there were figures streaming into the room. Who's there!

Mom! a rambunctious voice gasped. Then Shannon bounced on the bed beside me. She quivered there, her red hair spilling about her face. She had this big grin on her lips. Guess what, I'm a futa!

You're a

She kissed me.

My daughter kissed me.

Her lips were on mine. She pinned me to the bed, her tongue thrusting into my mouth. I was so shocked; I didn't know what to do. I breathed in the lavender perfume that was around her while panic surged through me.

She shouldn't be doing this. I was her mother.

Oh, nice, another girl said. Going to get me some mommy pussy.

No fair, Britney! a third girl gasped. Stop her, Mary.

My daughter and her friends were here. The sheets were pulled back as I struggled to break away from my daughter's mouth. But she kissed me with such hunger. Then my pajama bottoms were being yanked down.

Mommy pussy! Britney cooed. Her voice sounding so much more recognizable. 

Stop her, Mrs. Meyers! the third girl objected. That would be Sarah and... Mrs. Meyers?

Oh, I think my daughter's going to have fun eating Eileen's pussy, Joyce Meyers said. My entire body stiffened in shock. 

What was going on?

Why did my daughter's lips start to feel so good? That lavender perfume was so relaxing. I just had to breathe it in and... I blinked my eyes, struggling not to succumb to what they were doing. My pajama bottoms were off and Britney was pushing my legs apart. I wasn't wearing any panties beneath. She could see my pussy.

Britney's mouth kissed at my pussy. Her lips nuzzled right through my bush to plant smooches on my twat. I groaned and shuddered as she kissed up and down them. I shivered at this heat rushing through me. I swallowed, my heart pounding in my chest. She flicked her tongue through my folds, stroking up to my clit.

She brushed it.

Sparks burst.

I squealed into my daughter's lips. This was so confusing. She was kissing me while I was... Kissing her back. I moaned into my daughter's lips. My tongue licked and lapped at her lips. This heat shivered through me. I couldn't believe this was happening. It was so crazy. My tongue danced around in my daughter's mouth. 

She kissed me with such passion. Her lips were so soft and warm and sweet. It was excellent to enjoy. Especially with Britney liking at my pussy. I was just so helpless to resist this. I groaned into Shannon's lips.

Let's go for her boobies, Sarah, Mary said.

Yes! Sarah moaned.

Then my top was being pushed up. I shuddered, my thighs squeezing around Britney's head, pinning her to my pussy. She licked at me with hunger, her tongue swirling around in my snatch. I shuddered into Shannon's lips. Like with my panties, I wasn't wearing a bra.

My large tits spilled out. The naughty girls grabbed my boobs. They took a hold of them. They squeezed and kneaded them. It was such a wicked thing to feel. Such a naughty delight to experience those two girls kneading my breasts.

Mmm, big and lush tits, moaned Sarah. Aren't mother's the best?

Yes, Britney moaned. Ooh, Mommy, lick my pussy.

Was Joyce eating out her daughter's cunt while the girl was devouring my pussy. I shuddered. I should find that wrong, but it was all so exciting. My daughter's lavender perfume filled my nose while her tongue filled my mouth.

Then two hot mouths suckled on my nipples. Mary and Sarah nursed on me. I groaned, my body trembling. My back arching. My orgasm built so swiftly in my pussy. This was wonderful. Just such a thrill. I couldn't believe how much I loved this. My cunt clenched, the heat building and building in my twat as they nursed on me.

Britney devoured me.

My daughter kissed me.

This was all so exciting.

My bedroom was filled with moans and suckles and smacking lips. Britney groaned into my pussy, clearly enjoying whatever her mother did to her snatch. Did Joyce have her tongue buried in her daughter's cunt the way Britney's was in mine?

That naughty girl's tongue danced around in my folds. I moaned into Shannon's lips. I sucked on her tongue. The bed creaked. My nipples throbbed. Mary and Sarah suckled with such enthusiasm on them.

I came closer and closer to my orgasm.

Closer and closer to cumming.

To exploding.

I humped against Britney's face. My bush rustled around her mouth. Her tongue flicked up to my clit. She brushed my naughty bud. I squealed into my daughter's lips. My hand shot down her body. I slid over my daughter's round breasts. I caressed her stomach. What was I doing?

I reached lower and lower. Did I want to finger my daughter's twat? Did I want to make her feel as good as Britney made me feel? 

Yes!

I shoved my hand down my daughter's stomach. I brushed something that thrust out from her crotch. What was that? My hand grabbed it. I held something that throbbed in my hand. It pulsed with a heartbeat. I frowned into the kiss. That was...

A cock.

Did my daughter have a cock? I slid my hand up it and found wet pussy lips. Her shaved folds. Her dick thrust from it. I should be concerned about this strange development, but I just felt so good. She groaned into my lips as I stroked her girl-dick.

Britney sucked on my clit.

I squealed and squeezed my hand around Shannon's cock. She groaned into my lips while my body trembled. Britney nursed with passion for my clit. She gave me such bliss. I shuddered at how good it felt.

Mary and Sarah suckled on my nipples. Then nursed with hunger on them. My nubs throbbed in their mouths. I shuddered, the three girls suckling on the naughty bits of me. I groaned into my daughter's kiss, gripping her girl-dick as I swelled and swelled to my climax.

I came.

My pussy convulsed.

Juices gushed out.

Britney licked them up with hunger. The girl moaned as she devoured my cream. She licked them up with hunger. I shuddered, bucking through my pleasure. I held my daughter's futa-cock as I whimpered out my delight.

It was incredible. The pleasure rushed over my mind. My legs spasmed and kicked. I groaned, savoring this amazing rapture. It drowned my thoughts. I quivered through my orgasm, hitting the peak of that wonderful pleasure.

Shannon broke the kiss. Did you cum, Mom?'

Yes, I moaned, staring into my daughter's sparkling eyes. You have a cock.

We all do, Mom. She arched a fiery eyebrow at me. Want to be fucked by my dick?

There should be a thousand reasons for me to say no to my daughter, but I couldn't think of a single one of them right now. I felt too good. Too relax. My body buzzed with the euphoria of the moment.

I do, Shannon, I said. I really, really do. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Daisy Baker

The robbers were still in Mom's room. I swallowed as lay beneath my bed. I should call the police. I bit my lip. Where did I leave my phone? 

I was always setting it down and forgetting about it. I liked reading books. I wasn't one of those girls that spent twenty-four/seven on social media. No Tik-Tok or Instagram for me. I didn't do Facebook or Snapchat or Twitter. I might pop into Reddit, and YouTube was fine, but it was books that I was passionate about.

My phone must be downstairs.

I had to be brave. Mom needed me to call 911. I crawled out from beneath my bed, my naked breasts rubbing into the fuzzy carpet. I squirmed all the way out, my heart pounding a mile a minute. My kindle had shut off. I moved through the darkness of my bedroom to my open door. I stuck my head out and peered at Mom's.

There was movement in there. Moans. Gasps. Mom squealed. What were they doing to her? I swallowed. I had to be so brave. The bed creaked. Mom groaned. Something slapped together. Flesh? Had they struck her.

Oh, yes, that's what you get for being naughty! a woman moaned.

They had slapped her! And Mom was being naughty? 

She wasn't cooperating!

That's is what you get! Ooh, yes, yes, I'm so big, aren't I?

So very big! Mom moaned. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Eileen Baker

Shannon settled between my thighs. On one side of us, Britney and her mother sixty-nined, sucking on each other's clit-dicks. Mary and Sarah were doing the same thing on the other side as Shannon loomed over me. 

You ready? she purred.

Oh, yes, I need it! I moaned as she pressed her clit-dick into my pussy. She rubbed up and down.
 
She thrust. I gasped as her big dick speared into my pussy. A ripple of heat washed out of my cunt. I felt like a virgin, stretched to my limits. Her crotch smacked into my flesh. She felt so big. So amazing. My daughter was back in me.

Oh, yes, that's what you get for being naughty! Shannon groaned, staring down at me. That's is what you get! Ooh, yes, yes, I'm so big, aren't I?

Yes, I moaned, savoring that wonderful cock filling me up. I deserve it for being so naughty. Ooh, yes, yes!

My daughter drew back her clit-dick. My pussy clenched around her girth. She was so thick. So long. Inch after inch of her clit-dick drew out of me. I squeezed down on her big dick. I trembled, savoring it. 

With a wink, she slammed back into my pussy.

I gasped as she filled me up. The incestuous thrill of my daughter fucking my pussy was incredible. I groaned, the other four futas, as Shannon called them, were suckling around me. Loving each other as my daughter pounded my naughty twat with her big clit-dick.

Mmm, Mom, this is so hot! groaned Shannon. Ooh, when it's your own mother... Damn, I love being a futa.

I love it, too, I moaned, so confused about all of this. But her cock felt so amazing. Yes, yes, ram that dick in me!

She grinned down at me, her red hair dancing around her face. She speared her dick into my cunt. It was amazing. I squeezed down on her cock. The friction swept through me. I groaned, my pussy clenching down on her girl-cock. She filled me up with all that delight.

Her round boobs rubbed into mine. She drilled into me hard and fast. Her clit-dick plunged into my cunt over and over. I loved it. I savored every hard thrust into my snatch. Every last thrust of her girl-cock into my snatch. It was awesome.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned, squeezing down on her clit-dick. That's hot. Oh, yes, yes, ram that cock into me. Bury that dick into my pussy!

I am, she groaned, her face twisting with passion. Ooh, Mommy, I'm going to flood you with so much cum.

Good, I moaned, my hand sliding down her back to her ass.

She didn't have a man's ass. She had a peachy, feminine butt. Bubbly and delicious to knead. She was so sexy. I had never thought of a woman as sexy, but my daughter... 

I shuddered and bucked beneath her.

So big. So thick. Her cock stirred my cunt up. I would have such a huge orgasm on her girl-dick. Just a mighty burst of pleasure. I trembled there, whimpering and groaning. Her clit-dick slammed into my pussy. 

I'm going to pump my cum into your cunt, Mom, she cooed. Mmm, just imagine all my jizz spurting into you. She licked my ear. All that cum basting you. Soaking into your snatch. Won't that be awesome, Mommy?

Yes, I moaned, my fingers digging into her rump. Oh, yes, yes, that will be amazing. Please, please, do that to me.

She grinned at me and kissed me.

My lips melted to my daughter's as my orgasm swelled closer and closer. Her futa-dick speared so deep into me. She plunged to the hilt in me. It was awesome to experience. My cunt clenched down on her girl-cock. She held me tight. My fingers dug into her rump.

The futas around us were moaning as they suckled on each others' cocks. They nursed with passion, moaning as they sixty-nined with such passion. I loved it. My nipples rubbed into my daughter's cunt. Sparks flared and... and...

I came.

I orgasmed on my daughter's cock.

I climaxed around her big dick.

Waves of pleasure rushed through my body. My cunt spasmed around her cock. Her futa-dick buried deep into my pussy as my flesh convulsed around her. My twat sucked on her as she drew back. It felt incredible I groaned into her lips as the pleasure drowned my mind.

Incestuous, wicked, forbidden, depraved pleasure.

Shannon broke the kiss and gasped, I'm cumming, Mommy!

She buried her dick to the hilt in me and erupted. She spurted splash after slash of her futa-seed into my cunt. It was such a rush to experience. I groaned, my cunt rippling and writhing around her clit-dick. It was awesome. Amazing. I shuddered, my snatch milking her cock.

I drew out all her cum. I worked out every drop of jizz that she had in her. It was fantastic. Awesome. Amazing. I groaned, savoring every second of trembling through my rapture. I groaned through my bliss. It was awesome to enjoy. My body trembled with such ferocity. 

Yes, yes, yes! I groaned, hitting that peak of delight. Oh, that's incredible. That's so good. Mmm, pump all that cum into me.

Yes, Mom! she moaned, her cock spurting a few times. 

I love having a futa-daughter!

No way, croaked a new voice. No way, I'm not dreaming! I'm not dreaming! Futas are real! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Daisy Baker

Hearing that my mom was having sex with Shannon had really, really thrown me for a loop. But soon, I started to realize what they were saying. I was hearing the F word. Not fuck, but futa. 

There was no way futas could be real. I crept forward and what I saw was the most beautiful sight in the world. Shannon was thrusting her girl-cock in and out of Mom's cunt while her friends were sixty-nining around them. Two pairs of futas were blowing each other while Shannon was fucking our mother.

I had never come across real incest on Amazon, just Pseudo-Incest. This was the real deal. My sister was fucking our mother. Cumming in our mother. I quivered there and, as they finished, I couldn't help but burst in all naked and wet and thrilled that futas were real.

My turn! My turn! My turn! I continued moaning. I jumped onto the bed by Mary and Sarah. I want to be fucked by futas! I want cocks in all my holes. I want... I blinked. Is that Mrs. Meyers.

Britney's mother slid her mouth off her daughter's cock. She had cum on her lips. That meant she had drunk her own daughter's girl-cum. My pussy clenched. I squealed in delight and then I darted over to the futa-MILF and threw myself on her.

Futas are real! I squealed as I straddled her waist. I grabbed her dick. Oh, my god, I'm going to lose my virginity to a futa.

Wait, 'futas are real'? Shannon asked as she slid off of Mom. Her big girl-dick appeared dripping in our mother's cunt cream. You know about futas?

I love reading futa erotica! I moaned.

Balls or no balls? Sarah called out.

Team no balls! I squealed and pressed my virgin pussy against the tip of Mrs. Meyer's girl-dick.

No balls? Shannon said.

Sarah just jiggled. She sat up, her lips stained in jizz. She licked them up. I shuddered and then I pushed my hymen down on Mrs. Meyer's big girl-dick. The MILF gasped, her blue eyes staring up at me and blonde hair spilling about her face. I groaned, my virginity stretching and stretching and

My cherry popped.

Yes, yes, yes! I squealed as my fourteen-year-old cunt swallowed the MILF's big dick.

She was so thick. I felt split open. It didn't hurt. Not really. It felt so good. Her cock stimulated my flesh. Rubbed me in all these naughty ways. I groaned, my head swaying from side to side. A big grin crossed my face.

I bottomed out on her clit-dick. I quivered there, squeezing my snatch around her dick. It was so wonderful to feel her so deep into me. I shuddered, stirring my pussy around her futa-cock. I shuddered, savoring this wonderful delight.

Oh, my god, that's what I need, I groaned. Big dick. Futa-dick. Oh, yes, yes.

Did I just take your virginity? Mrs. Meyers gasped, staring up at me in shock.

I nodded and then I flexed my thighs. I slid up her pussy. My cunt clung to her dick. I groaned at how amazing it was. My small titties quivered. My black hair, gathered in pigtails, swayed about my face. Then I slammed down her.

As I rode her, Shannon moved behind me. I shuddered and threw a look over my shoulders at her. Are you...?

Yep, my sister answered. She was only a year and a few months older than me, so I didn't really think of her as a big sister. You said you wanted a dick in all your holes. Time to make you watertight, sis.

How nasty! I squealed. Do it!

As she moved behind me, Sarah buried her face into Mom's pussy and licked at the creampie. Mary proffered her dick to Mom, kneeling by her head. She turned and swallowed the sexy dickgirl's cock. Britney rose up me.

Ready to suck your first girl-dick, Daisy? she asked, her blonde hair swaying about her face.

I squeezed my cunt down on her mother's cock, nodding.

I opened wide and swallowed Britney's cock. I nursed on her happily while Shannon pressed her cock into my butt-crack. She found my asshole, her tip soaked in our mother's pussy cream. I groaned in delight, suckling hard on Britney's dick.

Precum was salty. And delicious.

I swirled my tongue around her cock. I wanted to give her all the pleasure like the heroines in my erotica did. I suckled and nursed and sucked. My pussy clenched down on the thick dick in me. Then I groaned as that dick slid down and nuzzled into my asshole. I quivered there as my sister drilled her cock against my sphincter.

I moaned and moaned around Britney's dick. Shannon panted. My asshole widened and widened. Then my anal ring swallowed my sister's cock. She slid into my bowels, lubed by our mother's passion. It was so hot. I squeezed my cunt around Mrs. Meyer's big dick while my sister filled my asshole.

Shit, you're losing all your virginities at once, Shannon said. And here I thought you were the quiet one in the family. Always reading. Didn't know it was smut.

I couldn't answer her save by clamping down really, really hard on her clit-dick. This heat rushed through me. It was intoxicating. Delicious. It was fantastic to feel. I groaned around Britney's dick, this heat rushing through me. 

I had a cock in my asshole and one in my pussy. It was a fantastic delight. I groaned, savoring this amazing heat. I nursed hard. I suckled with passion. This was wonderful to enjoy. I bobbed my head, working my mouth up and down her clit-dick.

I shuddered, my toes curling. The heat rushed through my body as I rode up Mrs. Meyer's cock. The MILF groaned as my pussy clung to her cock. I shuddered, savoring that wonderful heat. As I slid up her shaft, my sister pulled back her dick.

I squealed.

It felt so wonderful. I had a cock sliding through my bowels and another through my pussy. The friction was incredible. I groaned, my twat clenching and relaxing on the MILF's shaft as I rode her. My sister hammered my butt at the same time.

I was going to cum so hard.

Damn, Britney moaned. She is squealing and moaning and sucking hard.

Yeah, my little sis is a slut! groaned Britney. The apple did not fall far from the tree. I mean, look at my mom. She's just loving the hell out of Mary's cock.

Uh-huh, Mary moaned. Ooh, that's so good Mrs. Smith! That's just amazing.

I worked my pussy up and down that big dick. I shuddered, my heart pounding in my chest. This was so wild to enjoy. I groaned, savoring every second of working my asshole up and down that big futa-cock while my sister pounded my asshole. 

Her hands slid around and cupped my budding tits. She kneaded them as she thrust her cock hard into my asshole. I loved it. I clenched my bowels down hard on her dick. I shuddered as my orgasm built and built. I would have such a big one.

I bobbed my head with just such hunger. I suckled with passion on Britney's cock. I nursed on her with hunger. It was an amazing delight. It was fantastic. I loved every second of it. My heart hammered in my chest sending hot blood through my veins.

Oh, you are such a cutie, Mrs. Meyers moaned. Just so adorable as you suck on my daughter's clit-dick.

I whimpered in delight. I nursed hard on her daughter's cock. I suckled with passion on that clit-dick. It was wild to enjoy. I bobbed my head, working my mouth up and down that clit-dick. I shuddered, my cunt clenching down on Mrs. Meyers's dick. 

My sister slammed hard into me while her fingers pinched my Nipples. That felt amazing. Just awesome. I groaned, savoring every moment of this passion. My pussy and asshole gripped Mrs. Meyers's and Shannon's cock as I hurtled towards my orgasm.

Damn, sis, I'm going to cum in your butt! my big sis moaned. Just going to cum hard in you. How does that sound?

I whimpered, nodding my head around Britney's cock.

Yeah, you want all your big sis's girl-cum flooding your asshole.

I did, so very, very much.

Mmm, I'm going to cum in your pussy, sweetie, Mrs. Meyers moaned. Ooh, you're just riding my clit-dick. You're squeezing around me. It's amazing. Ooh, I love it. Just love it.

I reveled in every moment of this. 

I slid my pussy up her cock as Shannon fucked my asshole. The pleasure swelled in me. I was moments away from that wonderful burst of pleasure. Just moments from gasping and moaning and crying out in ecstasy.

Oh, she's sucking so hard! Britney groaned.

Her pussy's getting so tight, moaned Mrs. Meyers. Even tighter than before. Oh, yes, yes, you're going to make me cum, aren't you?

I was.

I slammed down her pussy. My body trembled as that big dick slammed into me. My sister buried her clit-dick to the hilt in my asshole. The friction created this naughty heat that swelled in my pussy. I was about to explode. Just detonate. It would be a big burst of pleasure. I would just cum and cum and cum. 

I shuddered, savoring that wonderful delight. 

As my sister drew back, it happened. I came.

A torrent of passion rushed out of my spasming pussy. My cunt convulsed on Mrs. Meyer's girl-dick. The heat rushed through me. It slammed into my mind. I groaned, my body bucking through this amazing rapture.

Damn! my sister moaned, burying her girl-cock to the hilt in my writhing asshole.

My holes suckled at Mrs. Meyers's and my sister's dicks. I nursed hard on Britney's cock. Pleasure blazed through my mind. I whimpered and squirmed, every second of this giving me such a wonderful delight.

Yes! Mrs. Meyers moaned.

Hot cum shot into my spasming pussy. I detonated again. More orgasmic fires rushed through me. This was so, so much better than reading about futas. Her cum splashed against my cervix. She sprayed me down with all her passion. It was so incredible to feel. Such a wonderful miracle to enjoy. I whimpered, stars bursting across my vision.

I quivered through this wonderful ecstasy. I shuddered and groaned, my mind burning so hot. The heat soaked every bit of my mind. I quivered, so thrilled to get to enjoy this wonderful passion. I whimpered and groaned.

Oh, sweetie! she moaned as she spurted in me.

It was awesome. Just an amazing bliss. I savored every second of it. My head danced from side to side. I quivered through my ecstasy. I shuddered through that wonderful bliss as my pussy milked the MILF's cock.

And then my sister slammed to the hilt in my asshole. 

Fuck, yes!

Spurt after spurt of cum fired into my bowels. This heat pumped into me. It was incredible to feel. I whimpered, loving every moment of it. I quivered through every last second of my passion. Stars detonated across my vision.

My bowels milked her cock. I moaned around Britney's dick, nursing hard on her as Mrs. Meyers pumped the last of her cum into my snatch. My sister's jizz basted my asshole. I squealed in delight, another orgasm blazing through me.

Oh, wow, you cum like a firecracker, Shannon moaned.

Hot! Britney moaned.

Then her cum fired into my mouth. I gulped it down. I swallowed every last blast of jizz. It was amazing to enjoy. I quivered through this wonderful moment. As Shannon spilled the last of her spun in my asshole, I had all this yummy cum to swallow out of Britney's girl-cock.

Drink it all! she moaned. 

I did. I drank every last drop.

Oh, Mrs. Smith! groaned Mary. Ooh, that's it. Drink my cum.

She's gushing juices, panted Sarah. Just drenching me.

I swallowed the last of Britney's cum. She panted and slid out of my mouth with a wet plop. I sucked in deep breaths, my body trembling. My pussy and asshole were still stuffed full of girl-dick and full of futa-spunk.

This was so hot! I moaned. Ooh, ooh, I have so much jizz in me.

Want to lick her pussy clean, Mom? Shannon asked. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Eileen Smith

I couldn't believe what I was seeing as My youngest daughter's asshole swallowed Mary's cock. I knelt between both their spread thighs, my daughter doing this sort of crab walk to impale her bowels all the way down Mary's futa-dick.

Ooh, that's so good, she moaned, cum matting her black bush. She had hair closest to my ex-husband. I had brassy-brown hair and Shannon pure red like most of my side of the family. Ooh, Mommy, now eat me!

Daisy had swallowed all of Mary's cock. I groaned and nuzzled my face into my daughter's bush, eager to eat out my first pussy. At the same time, Shannon was pressing her futa-dick into my asshole. She went from Daisy's to mine.

This was all so naughty.

I licked up Joyce's salty cum out of my daughter's pussy, tasting something tangy. That had to be my daughter's musk. It was so much like my own. Shannon drilled her dick against my sphincter. I groaned and shuddered as my anal ring widened and winded to take a big dick.

I thrust my tongue deep into Daisy's cunt, really soaking in my baby girl's juices and that jizz in her. I scooped out that salty delight, whimpering. My asshole widened and then Shannon popped into my bowels.

Fuck, yeah, Mom! she moaned. Mmm, eat out Daisy as I fuck you hard.

Eat her out, Mary moaned. Ooh, her tight asshole is squeezing down my cock.

Yep, my daughter moaned, lying on Mary know. The futa slid her hands around to kneaded my little girl's small tits.

I licked the cum out of my youngest daughter's cunt as Shannon drew back her hips. My bowels clenched down on her clit-dick. I shuddered, savoring the delight of her thick shaft. It was such an amazing dick to enjoy. I quivered, my bowels squeezing down hard on her futa-cock. Then she rammed back into my asshole.

Pleasure melted down to my pussy.

I moaned into Daisy's pussy while my tongue licked and lapped up all of Joyce's cum I could find. It was so salty and yet flavored by my daughter's tangy pussy cream. It was such a delight to enjoy. I loved every moment of it. I savored every last second of licking and lapping up the futa-spunk out of her. 

Mom! she gasped, squirming on Mary's dick. Ooh, yes, yes, lick all that cum out of me! This is so hot! Way better than erotica on Amazon.

I needed to pay more attention to what she was reading.

But it was hard to care about that as Shannon's cock slammed into my asshole. She stretched me out in that wonderful fashion of hers. I groaned, wiggling my hips from side to side. I stirred around in her, savoring every second of this passion. 

As I did, I caressed Daisy's pussy with my tongue. I fluttered up and down her slit, savoring the tangy cream and salty cum that leaked out of her. My baby girl squirmed on Mary. It was so hot to watch. To hear her moans.

I thrust my tongue deep into Daisy's cunt, soaking in her tangy juices as I searched for more of that salty cum. I found it and scooped it out of her cunt. This was such a delight. And Shannon had that big futa-dick.

She could flood her little sister with cum for me to lick out all the time.

I shuddered, feasting on my baby girl with hunger. I licked and lapped at her, savoring every moment of Shannon sodomizing me. My eldest daughter's cock buried to the hilt in me, drilling so deep and hard into my bowels. 

Fuck, fuck, fuck! moaned Shannon.

Fuck your Mom! Britney cheered, getting fucked by her mom. Ooh, yes, yes, pound her.

Pound her, groaned Sarah as she pounded Joyce, driving her cock into the woman's asshole. That only made her slam her dick hard into Britney's twat.

I am fucking my mom! panted my daughter as she drove that thick dick into my bowels over and over. Her crotch smacked into my rump.

I shuddered, my orgasm building and building. I wiggled my tongue around in my youngest daughter's snatch. I had to find all the cum in her. Make her explode, too. She groaned, squirming on Mary's dick.

The naughty Mary pinched my daughter's nipples, making my little girl squeal even more. It was so delicious to hear. I groaned into Daisy's twat, my tongue probing deep into her. I wiggled about, searching for more cum.

There was none.

Just my daughter's yummy, tangy pussy cream. I was so glad I discovered the joys of licking my daughter's cunt. I wanted to make her explode. She tasted so good. I could feast on her pussy all day long.

And if Shannon's cock was fucking me, that was just a bonus.

Ooh, Daisy, moaned Mary. Keep squeezing your asshole around my dick. You're going to make me explode.

Yes, yes, yes! squealed the squirming Daisy, her pussy lips smearing up and down my lips as she humped her hips upward an inch or so. Cum in my butt! I love futas cumming in my butt.

I want to feel that delight, I moaned.

You will, Mom! gasped Shannon, her hands sliding up my body.

She found my breasts. My daughter grabbed my big boobs. She squeezed and kneaded them. They felt so incredible. I moaned into my daughter's cunt. My tongue flicked up and latched onto her clit. I suckled on her.

Daisy bucked and moaned. Her tangy juices ran down my chin as I nursed on her clit. I suckled with such passion, my asshole squeezing down on Shannon's thrusting dick. The heat melted down to my cunt, my orgasm building and building.

Cumming from being ass-fucked... I never would have believed it.

My daughter slammed hard into me, the pressure building. I suckled hard on Daisy's clit. Her curls tickled my face as she squirmed and groaned. Shannon's fingers dug into my tits. She shook them as she slammed into me. It was amazing.

Shannon slammed her cock hard into me as I nursed on Daisy's clit. My baby girl squealed her delight as she bucked on Mary's cock. Then the naughty girl cried out in rapture. Hot pussy cream gushed into my mouth.

I'm cumming, Mommy! she squealed.

Oh, yes, her asshole's sucking at my dick! moaned Mary. Ooh, she's building me towards my climax.

I want your asshole sucking at my dick, Mom, Shannon moaned, her hand kneading their way down my tits.

I'm almost there, I moaned, clamping my asshole down on her clit-dick.

I kept licking up my youngest daughter's pussy cream as Shannon's fingers reached my nipples. She pinched them both and then tugged on them, stretching them out. pleasure burst from them and slammed down to my cunt. The heat from my asshole met that wicked sensation.

I detonated.

My bowels rippled around Shannon's thrusting cock. She plunged to the hilt in my spasming depths. Pleasure rushed through my body. Wild waves of delight that swept over my mind. I whimpered and groaned, savoring the bliss that spilled everywhere in my body.

Oh, yes, yes, Mom! gasped Shannon. That's what I wanted to feel!

She buried her asshole to the hilt in my dick and erupted.

I groaned as I experienced the bliss of my daughter cumming in my bowels. My flesh rippled and writhed around her clit-dick. Heat swept through me. Stars burst across my vision. I groaned into my youngest daughter's cunt, more of her cream gushing into my licking mouth.

That's so good! gasped Mary. Yes!

Futa cum in my butt! squealed my daughter, her body bucking with such wild passion.

I reveled in drinking down all that wonderful cream as my asshole milked Shannon's futa-dick. Britney, her mother, and Sarah were all moaning beside us. Everyone was achieving their climaxes. It was so delicious and wicked.

My bliss reaches it speak. I hovered there, rubbing my face into Daisy's pussy, her bush tickling my features. I was so glad my daughter and her friends had become futas. It was such an amazing thing. The best night I had ever had.

And tomorrow, Shannon would have to fuck me again. And again. And again. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Shannon Baker

We left my mom and my little sister cuddled together and dripping with cum. I stretched my back, so tired. I looked at my friends and Mrs. Meyers. The sexy MILF looked at all of us and put her hands on her hips, her clit-dick thrusting out before her.

It's getting late girls, she said. And I must insist that you all get to bed. So, to my car. Truth or Dare is over.

None of us argued. We had fucked all the women in our families. Four moms (one who fucked us back), two sisters, and an aunt. Mary, Britney, and Sarah had lost their virginities. That was more than enough for this slumber party.

I was eager for what tomorrow would bring. These clit-dicks were awesome. I couldn't believe some company was selling them as candles. That was so insane to me. Yawning, I followed the others out to Mrs. Meyers's car.

I fell asleep against Sarah's shoulder. 

To be continued... 
