A/N (Author's Note):

I usually don't have pre-chapter author's notes, but I wanted to quickly mention something important before you read chapter 13. I have added new stuff to the warnings at the beginning of chapter 1, so if anything in fiction can bother you, you might want to re-read the warnings.

CHAPTER 13: Sacrifice

Misa was worried, worried about him always. Her mind wouldn't settle; it constantly gnawed at her, picking and picking.

Those awful criminals had come so close to destroying Light. Her Light. The criminals had all been captured by Near, the task force members had said, but Misa knew the situation was still clearly dangerous.

Just because Light was home and alive, it didn't mean that things were perfect again.

Suspicion, ugly suspicion, had settled back into their lives, an unwelcome presence.

She had been let out of her imprisonment and told that Ide was to blame for a leak that had made her appear guilty, but she didn't quite want to believe them. The suspicion had been pushed aside a little too fast after it had appeared. She wished to be fully at ease, to live her perfect life at Light's side without worrying about his co-workers betraying him. She smiled at them sweetly and wanted to kill them all, just to be sure.

Meeting Light at the airport was such a relief. Seeing him alive, she almost shouted out something a little bit incriminating, but his quick words had stopped her before she could.

What he said to her was the signal they'd practiced so many times before, a compliment for her clothing. She knew it was a fake compliment, and yet she felt a glow within her at hearing his praise.

Light's praise.

It was what she craved every day. His precious attention and appreciation. She loved it no matter how she got it.

After that, it was an embrace and a quick warning traced in kanji on her neck, and then they chatted about nothing more of any importance, all the way back to their apartment. Misa took all this to mean that they were still being observed, even out of the airport. She knew, by Light's warning and his refusal to go into detail, that there must be cameras inside the car as they were driven home, and that cameras would be in the apartment too.

Her hands twitched as she engaged in idle chatter and ignored Ryuk with her eyes perfectly averted from the shinigami, wanting to look for the spying devices and crush them all, but instead she continued with her act. She knew the next step in this sort of situation.

Under a situation with this much surveillance, the next step involved close intimate touching for more extended and detailed traced conversations. Once they arrived at the apartment, she made Light his favorite tea, stripped down to a corset and a thong, and found him in bed, unfortunately with his laptop spread across his knees.

As usual, Ryuk realized what the scanty clothing meant and found an excuse to slink through the wall into a neighboring apartment.

They were alone and the need was extreme, and yet Light was still waiting, lingering over the tea. Each sip put an expression of appreciation on his face, and Misa felt a little thrill in her stomach. He really did like it, even though he almost never said anything about it.

She tried to insinuate herself without being too intrusive. Before sex, he was always so flighty, easily put off by a strong approach. Over the course of their physical relationship, she had learned to soften her approach as the actual event became nearer, to reduce the chances of sex being suddenly withheld.

Even this time she was holding back, when it was an urgent enough situation that it shouldn't matter because sex needed to happen regardless, and yet Light was still delaying, still showing no interest, or almost none.

Misa displayed herself draped across the foot of the bed, her nipples poking over the top of the corset, her stomach arched, one hand toying with the flimsy cloth of her thong. She knew that her pose and the scene looked like a photo shoot.

A photo shoot with one of the top models in Japan, showing more than that model would show for the public. It was the dream of many guys but not so much for Light. He was strong and proud. She had to work for every bit of sexual attention from him and whenever she got it, there was a tremendous sense of accomplishment, a feeling of truly deserving it. She knew she earned every touch, every kiss, every sexual encounter.

He barely glanced her way, still involved in his iced tea, though thankfully he had gotten rid of that laptop.

We need to talk, fast, can't he realize that?

Although she tried not to think such things, sometimes she thought Light was rather foolish.

Misa waited, her breathing getting faster. She could feel her thong dampening and hated the idea that Matsuda, Aizawa, Mogi and worst of all, Light's father, were probably all watching. Well, they would see a flawless performance by a well-trained actress, so they would never suspect a thing, and then, as soon as Light said it was okay, they would all die.

Misa is a perfect helper for Light.

She kept her smile plastered across her face as she struck various poses and waited for him to finish with the tray of iced tea, but as last it was simply too much. She crawled into his lap and pushed the tray away from him, settling it onto an end table.

He looked a bit surprised (an act?) but he accepted her hungry kisses and her pressing of her damp crotch between his legs. There wasn't anything but softness to grind against, but it felt awfully good to hold him and touch him and kiss him after such a long and worrisome time.

She was undressing him and kissing him at once, so eager her hands were trembling, unable to stop one process to do the other better.

He broke away from the kiss and said, "Misa, I'm cold... the blankets?"

"Of course," she said, and moved to obey, feeling a surge of happiness at the thought of how very good she'd been to wait until his cue, despite her own feelings.

The watchers would no longer being able to get a good view. Those perverts! They were probably too stupid to think that two people might willingly have sex while under surveillance, so they were already halfway to being fooled, even before Light unveiled whatever brilliant plan he had surely thought of.

Light said, "Misa, I need you to suck me very, very well. Use all your skill."

She immediately went to work, teasing that organ with every trick her mouth knew. She was used to it. He often needed quite a bit of stimulation, and it really was fun to force him to respond. He might say he didn't like sex much, but his body showed unmistakable signs of liking it very much, as long as he was primed well enough first.

His hands went to her shoulders under the blanket.

Finally! He finally begins it. 

Safely hidden away from betraying eyes, he started tracing the shapes of kanji. His question was:

Where are both our notes? 

She answered with traced kanji on his thigh, without breaking the rhythm of her mouth slurping on his most sensitive part, feeling proud and a little scared. She described exactly where her own death note had been buried, and how she'd selected a fanatical Kira supporter, a lawyer named Teru Mikami, to continue the judgments with Light's borrowed death note. Since Mikami wasn't an owner, he couldn't trade for the eyes and he would never be a threat. He could be killed off or controlled into any convenient action without ever knowing who Kira was or who the second Kira was.

Misa could tell Light didn't like the story from his clenched muscles and his extremely reluctant penis, only slowly becoming semi-hard and then lingering at that stage. He waited, though, until she had finished describing every last detail she could remember of what she had done and seen and been told during his absence.

Then he was touching her again and she couldn't quite follow his fast, angry tracing and had to make him repeat himself.

It was difficult to pay full attention to the traced shapes when her body was shuddering in need and arousal, every part of herself practically crying in delight from his closeness and his warm bare skin. It had been such a long time and she'd so wanted to touch him during all the time he'd been missing and in danger. It was a pent-up need more than ever before, but she forced herself to concentrate and then she was able to catch most of the words.

Light was angry. He was scolding her. He said she'd done almost everything wrong. She tried to keep the tears from her eyes and kept working on him, but now his cock was suddenly responding, rock-hard and growing in her mouth.

He really does love Misa.

But she wanted to die. His words were very cruel. He especially criticized her decision to bury her own death note and loan out his instead of the other way around. He described how that one fact would block many potential plans, because now his memories were held by a stranger who might decide to burn his notebook or who might lose it or get it stolen, while her memories were extremely unlikely to get destroyed.

He emphasized:

Because of the mistake you made, if I want to use a plan where Mikami would get ownership or a plan where you would temporarily give up your memories again, I can't do it, and it's all your fault! What's worse, I could lose my memories completely by accident and then I would be suspicious of you, while you would be the only one with a chance of getting my memories back. You're not skilled enough to outsmart me in that situation. I would probably lock you up for good. 

She climbed up his body to ride him. She loved the way he, at the moment of penetration, had an uncontrolled facial expression that flashed through his face. They experienced it together as his engorged rod slid between her folds. It gave her the immense satisfaction of feeling his fullness internally, a comfortable stretching and pressure as he seated himself completely. She rubbed her clit with her fingers because he never would.

His tracings faltered as she repeatedly drove her body downward against him. As soon as he stopped tracing, Misa traced:

Misa would do that for you, if you asked. Misa would give up her memories and then, after she got them back, trade for the shinigami eyes a third time. 

He was harder than usual and it felt splendid inside her. After a short pause, he traced:

Remember what you said when we first met? You promised I could kill you if necessary. You offered your life to me, and instead of taking it I preserved you all these years. I love you, Misa. You have at several critical times proven yourself a liability for my perfect world, but I kept you anyway, even if it was difficult for Kira, because it was good for Light Yagami. 

Her heart thumped harder than ever. She wanted to die from shame, and yet she was a little bit proud.

He really loves me. It's tragic, but so beautiful!

Misa will do better!

He began to explain his plan. There were a few people who needed to be killed, but not until he smuggled their pictures to her and gave the signal. He explained exactly which decisions she would be allowed to make on her own if it so happened that he became completely unavailable during certain emergencies, and which decisions she never could.

She built up a sweet rhythm that made bliss spread through her body and made her doubt her ability to understand everything he traced, but he seemed to sense this and repeated all his statements several times, and also made her repeat the important parts back to him.

He had an elaborate plan for how to deal with Teru Mikami. The man could be controlled from a distance as long as Misa was able to secretly access one of the stashes of removed pages that Light had created for emergencies like this, and pass a scrap to him according to a plan that shouldn't get him caught.

Once controlled, Teru Mikami was going to do whatever it took to get a notebook that looked exactly like the real thing, but was a fake, and then Mikami was going to be caught and the judgments would stop for a time, until after all the investigators on both teams were dead.

Light and Misa would then be able to dig up the real notebook that Mikami would have buried while under control, they would recover the third notebook from Near's team, and they would reign unchallenged. Even better, Light would marry her then.

There was only one little problem. Because of the mistakes Misa had made, there weren't many options for generating false leads that would cause the task force and the other investigators to suspect Mikami.

Light traced:

Misa, you are going to have to make the sacrifice that you promised to me when we first met. You might die, but as long as everything goes according to my plan, our enemies will all die before they could ever execute you. I'm going to interrogate you, and you'll slip up and confess that the second Kira was in contact with you before you met me, and was using you as a shield and a leak all along. Because you're sympathetic to Kira, you've been passing information to this unknown person and have never tried to resist or to trick this person. 

I will become very angry with you and threaten to turn you in and to end our relationship. You'll cry and become very distraught and at last we'll reach an agreement that you'll help us catch the second Kira in hopes of stopping that person and finding the real Kira. This will confuse Near's investigation and will also draw his team close. Near won't be willing to let the task force investigate independently and unwatched. However, he'll be unwilling to move in on us, because of his fear that Kira might be someone unknown to him who will escape if the investigation is not done thoroughly first. 

I will reveal that the task force has cameras all over this apartment and that since your confession of being a spy was caught on camera, you have no choice. To have any hope of reducing your own punishment, you must fully cooperate with us. Make sure you cry a lot and make it as emotional and realistic as possible. 

Then Light made her trace back to him all the little details of how she'd behave and what she'd say. He had his orgasm in the middle of that but the tracing continued under the pretense of cuddling. The task force would never realize that after-sex cuddling wasn't usual. It continued until Light was satisfied that she had every possible detail memorized correctly.

Misa's heart felt glad at the thought of the good work she'd do. She wanted to be useful, and she would be useful, and he was showing his appreciation already.

Light would forgive her. His physical presence was immensely comforting. She breathed in the scent of his hair and skin, nestling her face into the crook of his neck. She clung to his spent, sweaty body and touched between her legs, rubbing the outside and penetrating the inside until she brought herself to a shuddering climax.

A/N (Author's Note):

I'm sorry this chapter took months to appear. I have all the usual excuses: being busy with other things, some illness, computer problems (don't worry, I'm obsessive about keeping back-ups) and plain old writer's block too. I had this chapter outlined months ago but it was hard to get in the mood to write from Misa's POV.

I felt very sorry for Misa writing this chapter. She really is a pathetic fool.

She's not stupid, at least not overall, but she's far less intelligent than either Light or L and she's extremely stupid in certain specific ways. She has some serious blind spots, she's obsessive, and she has no wisdom.

But she's such a pathetic creature that there's a bit of something there to tug on the heartstrings when she gets thoroughly used over and over again. What's worse is that there is no way for her to live a good life even if she gets what she wants. She got what she wanted in canon, and it was unpleasant to see her in that situation. She probably thought she was happy, but I imagine it was a highly delusional kind of happiness and if I were a Misa supporter it's not the kind of "happily after ever" I would wish for her.

I'm pretty sure now that there are just two chapters left, "Chapter 14" plus an epilogue. I hope to surprise you (or at least to please you, if you aren't surprised) by the one or two major plot twists that are still to come. Misa's POV will not return. Everything remaining is in Light's viewpoint (partly to keep up the suspense, because if you see exactly what Mello is doing from Mello's POV it would decrease the suspense). However, even though Mello's POV will not return, Mello himself will.