Gojyo didn't often feel the need for foreshadowing, 'cause that kind of angsty shit only got you in trouble, but right now it looked like the ikkou were pretty much fucked and not in the heavy-breathing way, either. Gojyo flicked his wrist and let the chain on the shakujou pay out, yanking hard to bring it back home in a bloody arc as it carved through bone and sinew. The sound of gunfire across the meadow warned Gojyo that Sanzo was probably looking for backup right about now. A quick glance to either side told him that Hakkai was busy peppering the opposition with chi balls, while Goku was doing his best to cut a swathe of bloody destruction through the enemy.

Sanzo was just standing there, holding the high ground atop a small flat rock, looking cool and firing random head-shots at the encroaching youkai. Not a spot of blood or gore marred his white robes, unlike Gojyo, who looked like he'd been working in an abattoir all day. It appeared that Sanzo had just run out of bullets, so things might be about to change significantly. Gojyo carved his way through the surrounding youkai, working fast and frantic to reach Sanzo before something bad happened.

"Gojyo, behind you!" Hakkai's warning cut loud and clear over the noise of battle and Gojyo turned just in time to parry a sword thrust from his opponent. With that taken care of, Gojyo turned back to clearing a path to Sanzo. There were bodies everywhere, Gojyo couldn't even begin to count how many youkai lay dead or dying in the meadow grass. Perhaps this was the opposition's last ditch attempt to take them out before they crossed the border into Tibet, which was just across the mountain range beyond.

Fortunately Sanzo had reloaded again but there were still too many youkai to count. Gojyo swung the shakujou once more in a huge arc, the clash of the chain strangely soothing as the sickle carved through his opponents. Finally he had a clear shot at getting to Sanzo, when the monk swung toward him, gun pointed in his direction.

Gojyo noticed Sanzo's eyes go wide momentarily and had just enough time to think, fuck, I just bought it, didn't I? He felt a sharp, sudden pain across his right side and hip and then the slow burn of true pain began, the kind of pain that makes you go instantly numb. He felt as if was being ripped in two, something inside him seemed to tear and break free and he fell to his knees, narrowly avoiding being crushed by a falling youkai.

He had no idea how long he knelt there, one hand pressed to his side to staunch the blood flow, staring between his knees at the scrubby grass and the tiny pink flowers that dotted the hillside. Gojyo figured if he concentrated on that and the sound of his panting breath, he wouldn't have to worry about getting randomly cut down by any remaining youkai, which was a distinct possibility.

After a while, the battle cries ceased and were replaced by weak cries of pain from the dead and dying. Gojyo looked up dazedly, noting the piles of corpses dotted around. In the distance Goku was checking for live youkai, mainly by either prodding them with his toe or his staff. Sanzo was walking toward him, as was Hakkai. Both looked concerned. This couldn't be good by any stretch of the fucking imagination.

"Gojyo?" Hakkai's voice was slightly shaky but his hand on Gojyo's shoulder was firm and gentle. He pushed Gojyo down slowly onto the grass, until he was lying on his back.

"Still alive, Gojyo?" Sanzo said with a smirk that didn't quite fit the concern on his face.

"Fuck you, Sanzo," Gojyo replied breathlessly, more for form than anything else.

"I need to see the wound," Hakkai said. "Move your hand, please."

"If I move my hand, Hakkai, I'll bleed out," Gojyo pointed out. Fuck, he was starting to feel dizzy.

Hakkai graced Gojyo with his no-nonsense face and pushed Gojyo's hand to the side, moving the fabric of his shirt out of the way at the same time. He'd already summoned the chi with his other hand and laid it over the wound, pushing down, forcing the healing energy into Gojyo's body and bidding it to do his will.

"Shit, that hurts," Gojyo muttered, squeezing his eyes shut and letting his head fall back on the ground. He tried to breathe through the pain of rapidly knitting sinew and skin.

After a few minutes, Hakkai removed his hand. "There, I think that's better. How do you feel?"

"Like I got cut open," he muttered.

"It's not as bad as you think," Hakkai added. "You can look if you like."

"Figures the idiot would over-exaggerate," muttered Sanzo, lighting a smoke and wandering off toward Goku.

Gojyo sat up slightly, wincing at the pain of the newly healed wound and looked down. He wasn't sure what he expected, but it wasn't this. A thin red line of new scar tissue ran from his waist, down over his hip and into his pants. "What the fuck?" he managed to bite out, glancing up at Hakkai with a confused expression.

Hakkai bit his lip and sat back on his haunches. "It's really not that bad, Gojyo. You're lucky I was here to heal you."

"Yeah, but… it felt like I almost got cut in two! The pain was… painful. Fuck, I dunno."

"The wound was deep, but not enough to gut you, if that's what you are implying." Hakkai raised an eyebrow and smiled.

"I thought I was dead for sure," Gojyo said. He felt like a complete idiot, making it out to be way worse than it actually was. He should know better, shouldn't he? He been injured more times than he could count – but he'd known immediately that this was the type of wound where you were fucked; you either bled out straight away or spent days dying in agony. How could he have been mistaken? On the other hand… perhaps he should count himself lucky.

"Okay, then," he replied thoughtfully. "Shall we hit the road and find a nice inn, Hakkai? Or do you think his lordship is gonna make us camp out?"

Hakkai laughed. "Well, I'm sure if you played up the injury we could persuade Sanzo to find us an inn, don't you think?"

"Good idea." Gojyo looked up at the mountains in the distance. "Who knows when the next time we'll find a welcoming, warm place to stay, especially if we've gotta cross that mountain range."

"My thoughts exactly, Gojyo. Shall we go?" Hakkai held out his hand and Gojyo allowed himself to be pulled upright, wincing as the new skin around the scar pulled tightly across his abdomen.

"Where's the monkey?"

"Sitting in the back of Jeep, waiting for us, I believe; no doubt listening to Sanzo rant about your melodramatics."

"I'm not fucking melodramatic, Hakkai! I could have sworn I was just about cut in two!"

"I don't doubt your word at all, Gojyo, honestly." Hakkai patted Gojyo on the shoulder. "I shall make it up to you later."

"You'd better. I'm feeling kinda woozy still. I need some tender care, yanno." Gojyo climbed into the Jeep carefully and leaned back, trying to get comfortable.

"I quite understand, Gojyo."

"Can you two idiots stop with the foreplay so we can get on the road?" Sanzo bitched.

***********************

A small moan escaped Gojyo's lips when a heavy weight was lifted off of him; probably the body of a dead youkai. His bruised ribs immediately started to protest, as if the weight had somehow deadened the pain. He tried to open his eyes but didn't have the energy. Cool fingers touched his face, gentle on his burning skin, feeling for his pulse.

"This one's still alive, imagine that." 

"Youkai, Grandfather?"

"No, this one's almost human; a half-breed."

"A half-breed? Are they dangerous?"

"Haha, that remains to be seen, Jun, although I suspect despite the legends of such creatures, he's no more dangerous than your average human. He's been left for dead though, no doubt of it."

"I recognize this man – he was travelling with three others, who were staying in town."

"Is that so?"

Gojyo attempted to open his eyes. He shifted and as soon as he moved, intense pain stabbed through his side, adding to the burn of his ribs. If he'd had the energy he would have vomited, instead he lay there, breathing harshly through his gritted teeth, waiting for the old man to change his mind and decide that it might be better to leave him to die. Through the haze of pain he tried to summon his shakujou, but there was no response, other than a faint tingle in his palm. He was probably too fucked up and had lost too much blood to call on the weapon properly.

"Let me see his wound." The older voice again, Grandfather.

Gojyo lay still, unable to do anything other than submit to being examined. He was surprised that the old man's touch was gentle, he expected to be treated as a hostile and stiffened, wary of future pain.

"This one might just live if we get him home quickly, Jun. Let's wrap his wound first and then we'll carry him between us."

"Yes, Grandfather."

Gojyo sighed with relief and let his consciousness fade back into the darkness.

***********************

Time was fractured; one minute it was light, then dark. There was lamplight and shadows moving around the room, there might be rain, hammering on the roof or a soft breeze, the touch of hands on his fevered skin, a cool cloth pressed to his forehead.

…He's fading Grandfather…

…Give him time, Jun, this one's a fighter, he'll not give up so easily…

There were faces in his dreams, hovering above his, confusing him until Gojyo wasn't sure if he was awake or sleeping. At first he thought it was Hakkai, come for him at last. But this person had dark, midnight hair with a streak of shocking white cutting through the blackness; one moment it was on the left, then the white streak would suddenly be to the right. It made no sense to Gojyo's fevered mind and he was frustrated, trying to reach for consciousness, for understanding.

He was drowning, being pulled under the sucking waves. The fever was taking him, he could feel it in the way his skin burned hot and dry, the way he was wracked with shivers, his muscles aching fiercely and the intense lethargy steeling through his soul. The nightmare shadows moved closer, circling, ready to claim his soul. Gojyo stopped caring. They'd left him in that meadow to bleed out and die, they'd continued on with the mission without him. What did he have to live for anyway? Perhaps it was almost time to go, to surrender to the inevitable…

***********************

"I see you're back from the dead at last, then?" The soft voice, filled with amusement, cut into Gojyo's thoughts.

Gojyo opened his eyes slowly, wincing against the bright light, waiting until they adjusted somewhat to the glare. "Where am I?" His voice was rough from not being used and broke on the last word.

"A small village, not far from where we found you. It's a good job my grandson moved the youkai corpse that was covering you, or you might have gone up in the pyre we built to burn the bodies."

Gojyo decided to ignore the horror that comment brought on and tried to make sense of where he was. "Do you have any water?"

The old man stood up. "Of course, I should have thought of that straight away."

Gojyo watched him potter around, collecting a clay jug from the hearth and pouring some water into a beaker. He knelt beside Gojyo again and held out the cup. "Do you need help sitting up?"

Gojyo shook his head and attempted to lever himself upright, which was quite clearly a mistake. Cold sweat broke out on his forehead and the pain from his wound made him lightheaded. The old man put down the cup and slid one hand under Gojyo's back, pulling him gently up until he could swallow some water without choking. Thirst slaked, Gojyo gratefully sank back onto the pillows and closed his eyes.

***********************

The next time Gojyo woke it was morning. Heavy, golden sunlight streamed through the open door of his room, reminding him that autumn was almost over and winter would soon be on its way. The old man was in his usual place, just to the left of Gojyo's bed. He was reading a scroll, which he put down as soon as he realized Gojyo was awake. Silently, he fetched Gojyo a cup of water, helped him sit up and drink, and then got him comfy, slightly propped up on some pillows.

Gojyo felt weaker than a kitten, his body drained, yet he felt impatient to be up. It was a weird state of affairs, but one he'd experienced before; it was his body's way of telling him he was healing. He rubbed sleep from his eyes and considered the old man, who had returned to his previous position. "How long have I been here?"

The old man cocked his head to one side and thought. "About three weeks. At first we weren't sure you were going to make it. You were burning up with fever from the wound."

Gojyo's hand strayed to his right side, encountering the bandages wrapped snuggly around his waist and hips. "It's a pretty good wound, I take it?"

"Oh yes," the old man laughed. "Fortunately my granddaughter, Miyako, is good with needlework. You shouldn't have too much of a scar thanks to her neat stitching."

"Huh." Gojyo knew he should be grateful but he was tired and all he had room for was resentment at the moment. Why had they left him? It was so unlike them to do that – so unlike Hakkai at the very least, even if Sanzo was to push for leaving him behind due to his wound. But even Sanzo, faithless bastard that he was, wouldn't just leave him to bleed to death in a field. Hakkai would have done his very best to heal Gojyo as much as he could. Hakkai was his best friend, his lover and it just wasn't part of Hakkai's chemical makeup to just up and leave.

Unless… unless they were dead.

"Did you –" Gojyo swallowed nervously, anxious to ask the question and unwilling to hear the answer. He looked toward the doorway, steeling his resolve. "Did you find any other bodies in the meadow or any sign of my friends?"

The old man shook his head and smiled grimly. "No, we found a lot of chopped up youkai but no humans and no sign of your three travelling companions."

"You know of them?"

"Word travels up here from the town," chuckled the old man. "It's only a couple of miles further down the hill. Important guests will always bring gossip up the hill faster than a mule can travel, or the legs of eager young boys."

Something tight in Gojyo's chest loosened in relief. They may have left him here but at least they weren't dead. Gojyo didn't think he could have born the thought of Hakkai's lifeless body, burnt in a pyre with the youkai they'd slaughtered, while he lay unconscious and unaware of his lover's fate.

"I need to go after them."

The old man shook his head and looked distressed. "I'm sorry but that's impossible. While you were fighting the fever it snowed on the mountains. Two weeks back now, all told. I heard you were travelling to India?"

"Yeah."

"That road is the only way through the mountains and into Tibet. Once it snows up there, the pass is closed until spring. They can no more return this way than you could follow them." He stood up and poured more water for Gojyo, placing the jug within easy reach. "You should rest now. I'll have someone bring you some broth so you can build your strength up. You need to decide what you will do, once you are fully healed."

"Does it matter?" Gojyo muttered. His head was reeling. Not only was he cut off from the ikkou, he was cut off from completing the mission. For a split second he entertained thoughts of following them on foot, arriving late, sure, but arriving all the same. Gojyo was almost burning with a religious fervor to get his hands on Ukoku and pay him back for the last fight. With so few words, the old man had dashed any hopes Gojyo had of catching up to the ikkou.

"You'll find your reason for living, son, I don't doubt that," the old man said with a nod and a small smile. "It may take you a while, but you'll find it."

Gojyo looked up, a disbelieving look on his face. "Are you always this fucking cheerful, old man?"

"Haha, yes. It's very annoying isn't it? Still, I have to have to find way to irritate you young people; it gives me something to pass the time. By the way, I still don't know your name."

Gojyo snorted. What did it matter what name he used? He couldn't have cared less. His name belonged with Hakkai and he was gone over the mountain, without looking back. Gojyo stared at his hands, neatly folded in his lap, resting on pristine white sheets. He had nothing, was nothing and he had no reason to define himself except through his experiences with the past.

The old man seemed to stare through him like he knew exactly what Gojyo was thinking. "Perhaps you'd like a new name, to start over with, hmm?"

"If it'll make you feel better," Gojyo muttered. God, he was tired, bone weary. His soul hurt.

"How about Ryo? It was my grandfather's name."

Gojyo met his gaze without blinking. "Whatever works for you, old timer."

The old man nodded as if he understood. "I see. It is a good name - Ryo."

"What should I call you?" Gojyo called out to the old man's retreating back, more for politeness than any real desire to know.

"You may call me 'Grandfather', after all, everyone else seems to," he said with a chuckle. "Get some rest, Ryo, and heal."

Gojyo lay back down, watching as Grandfather pulled the door closed behind him, leaving Gojyo to his thoughts. He couldn't shake the feeling of being disjointed, that he wasn't real, or that this whole situation wasn't real. What if he was really dead and this was some kind of holding place, where he'd be left until they decided what to do with him? Holy shit, what if the Merciful Bitch showed up? Gojyo felt a moment of pure panic.

No, as much as he would have wished for it, he wasn't dead; the continuous burning pain of his wound told him that much. He could trace the line of the knitting flesh below the bandages based on the pain alone. Gojyo's eyes started to close, they felt heavy. He laughed bitterly to himself; no doubt the old bastard had put something in the water to help him sleep. Still, being unconscious was less painful physically and mentally than staying awake.

Gojyo let his eyes slide shut and sleep pull him under.

***********************

It had started to snow on the lower slopes of the mountain and in the village, signaling the onset of winter. Gojyo – Ryo, he reminded himself, walked stiffly to the door and pushed the screen open. Carefully, he walked out onto the veranda, and using the wall for support, sunk down onto the wooden floor. He leaned his head back against the wall and watched the snow fall. The skies were heavy with dark grey cloud and the world seemed to be made of grey and white, the softly falling snow muffling normal sound until the silence seemed almost breathless.

He could remember the time in Chang'an when Goku was younger and had refused to come outside in the snow. How they'd all cajoled and finally tricked him into coming out through the window, all for a bowl of sukiyaki. It was the ikkou at their finest, that particular brand of tough love they'd all adopted to hide their feelings from each other. They'd only been kidding themselves anyway; anyone with any kind of insight into human nature could see they were a close-knit team. They knew each other's moods, their strengths and weaknesses and they moved flawlessly in battle together, although the downtimes could be fraught with disagreements and bad attitude. Still, it had been their nature and they all knew each other as well as they knew themselves.

Or so Gojyo had thought. He still hadn't been able to figure out why they had left him behind. He'd been over the last few minutes of that battle again and again, right up until he fallen to the ground and lost consciousness. There was nothing in anyone's actions or words beforehand to suggest a reason for why they'd gone on without him.

"Ryo, you're up at last?"

Gojyo turned toward the curious voice. He was getting used to people using his new name, he was starting to answer to it. Gojyo was starting to fade at last into the background. What kind of person would Ryo be?

"Ryo?"

"Yeah, sorry." Gojyo pushed his hair back off his face and attempted a smile for the young man standing there. "Hey, you look familiar." He recognized the jet black hair with the distinctive streak of white at the temple.

The young man smiled and bowed. "May I?" When Gojyo nodded he sat down next to him, facing out so he could watch the snow fall. "I haven't introduced myself yet – you were caught up in the fever. My name is Jun."

Ah, so this is the grandson of the old man. The old man had to be getting on in years, 'cause this Jun looked to be in his late teens. "You found me, didn't you? Up in the field, with your grandfather?"

Jun looked down at his hands, folded neatly in his lap. "Yes. I'm surprised you remember."

Gojyo laughed softly. "Nah, it's not really a memory, mostly just fragments and impressions." He paused, reaching out to touch the lock of hair at Jun's temple, brushing it back with his fingers. Jun blushed, and Gojyo realized that his old self would have congratulated himself at still having the ability to make anyone blush with a simple touch. "Tell me something, Jun."

"Anything, Ryo." A small smile tugged at the corner of Jun's mouth.

Not so innocent after all, Gojyo thought. He didn't let his grin show on his face, however. "When I was dreaming, I mean, when I had the fever, you looked after me? I thought I saw – this is stupid, but I thought the white lock of hair at your temple changed sides. It's dumb, I know."

Jun laughed and it was the kind of laugh that Gojyo couldn't help but return with a smile. "Both I and my twin sister Miyako helped to look after you. She has this same lock of hair, but hers falls to the left instead."

"No way," said Gojyo with surprise. His brain took a brief hiatus as he examined the thought of what it might be like to take both of them to bed at the same time. Sanzo always said he was a pervert; it was in Gojyo's nature regardless of the fact that he was faithful to Hakkai.

"I bought you some tea." Jun's words cut into Gojyo's thoughts.

"Huh? Oh thanks, you didn't have to do that." Gojyo took the offered cup and stared matter-of-factly into the tea but there was no upright leaf signaling good luck. Figured.

"Do you want a blanket?"

"Nah, I'm fine. I just needed to get outside for a bit, ya know." Gojyo was used to travelling, to being outside and the enforced bed rest was getting to him.

"Shall I leave you alone? You look deep in thought." Jun sounded worried.

"I'm fine. Stay if you want, that is if you don't mind me just sitting here." Gojyo sipped his tea and watched the snow fall.

"Okay." Jun blushed again, turning away from Gojyo quickly to stare out across the hillside.

Before, Gojyo would have flirted up a storm just for the hell of it. Now, he couldn't seem to find the effort worthwhile. Perhaps it was the sullen mood of the day, the snow getting heavier as time passed. Each flake took Hakkai further away from him, cutting him off, severing the ties that bound them together.

Gojyo watched the ground disappear under the snow while his tea went cold in his hands, unnoticed.