Lana Learns
byMarineBob48©

Lana Learns Ch. 01

In the early spring of 1980, my wife of 14 years and I separated. On cold, wet night in March, I grabbed some clothes and headed out. I ended up on the couch of a friend who was also recently separated. He and two of his former fraternity brothers and I rented a large house in the older section of our town. It was a 3-story house with a full basement. The upper story became my library/computer room. The second floor had 4 bedrooms and a full bath. It was a nice arrangement for 4 divorced men, three of whom had children who visited regularly.

We decided to have an 'open house' party to celebrate. Since one of the roommates was a route salesman for a pastry company, he knew many of the young women who worked at the convenience and grocery stores in our city and had put out an open invitation to attend our gathering. That is where I met Lana.

Lana was ten years younger than my 35. She had gotten pregnant at 16 and married her 'boyfriend.' He was a real red-neck - rail thin, sharp features and country hick all the way. After 2 years and another child, Lana had finally had enough and moved out. Since she did not have the means to support the boys, she gave her ex custody but she had visitation whenever she wanted. Her roommate (Debbie) also worked at the convenience store with her and together they attended our party.

I was sitting in my library (I am not much of a party type) with my computer when one of the roommates brought the two girls up to meet me. After introductions, Lana asked some questions about my computer and while we were talking her roommate went back to the party. One thing lead to another and before long, we were sitting on the couch kissing. I was kissing her neck (one of her 'hot spots') and unbuttoning her shirt. I peeled away the shirt to expose her 36C, white lace bra. Caressing her bra covered tits made her squirm and pant so I softly lifted the cups and gazed at her puckered nipples. After ten minutes of licking, sucking and caressing those perfect mounds, I unsnapped the front of her jeans and slid my hand down across her smooth belly to the top of her lace panties. As I looked into her eyes, I saw want tempered by shyness. Later she told me I was the first one to ever touch her other than her ex.

I continued to slip my hand down, under the waistband of her panties until I reached the curls of her pubic hair. By now she was gently raising her hips to reach my fingers so I took the opportunity to slip her jeans over her hips allowing me full access to her hot, wet mound. Slipping first one, then two, finally three fingers into her warmth, I set up a slow pace of fingering her cunt while sucking first one then the other nipple. Curling my middle finger slightly, I put pressure with my palm on the top of her mound while sliding my hand up and down against her button. In a very short time she began to moan and buck against my hand and I had to cover her mouth with mine to keep the noise down. After some moments of intense orgasm, she began to come down and started to cry. She said she had never acted like this before and didn't want me to think she was a slut. I forced her to look into my eyes while I explained that I didn't do this either but there was a connection between us that we couldn't overcome.

By now the party downstairs was starting to wind down. I asked Lana to tell Debbie that I would bring her home later. Debbie didn't mind because she was getting along with one of my other roommates. Debbie was a lot more experienced that Lana and was looking for some action.

Lana and I retired to my bedroom to resume our kissing and petting. It took very little time before I had shed my clothes and she was laying on my bed in just her panties. As my kissed trailed down her tits and across her taut belly, she grabbed my head in her hands to stop my downward progress. Her ex had never licked her pussy! I reassured her it was OK and held her hands in one of mine while I started to lick her outer lips. I finally put her hands onto her tits to keep them occupied while I spread her lips and started to dip my tongue in her lovely pussy. I had slid down until I was between her legs, holding her pussy lips apart with my fingers while I licked deeper and deeper. Watching her knead her tits, squeezing the nipples with her eyes closed almost made me blow right then! I used my elbows to spread her knees to give me more access to her inner lips and clit. When I sucked her clit into my mouth and began to caress it, she lost it. She thrashed and bucked. She grabbed my head with both hands and pushed me deeper into her pussy.

When her movements started to subside, I moved up her body and resumed kissing and sucking her tits. She told me that after her second child, she had her tubes tied so we didn't need to worry. When she had started to move beneath me again, I slid my rock-hard dick into her warm, wet slickness. I held myself up with straight arms so that I could gaze down at her body as she moved to match my pace. In much too short a time, I felt the impending eruption. As she started to experience her third orgasm of the evening, I felt my balls tighten and began to fill her with my seed. When we had both started to come down, she told me that she had never orgasmed with her husband. His idea was to climb on, push in and climb off.

Her next action about warped my mind. She put on one of my shirts to cover her nakedness and went to the bathroom where she got a warm clean washcloth. She came back and had me lay back on the bed while she gently washed my cock and balls. When she was satisfied I was clean enough, she said "I have never done this so you might need to teach me." She then leaned down and took my dick in her mouth. Slowly at first she moved my semi-rigid pole between her lips while she watched me. The sight of her brown eyes and auburn hair looking at me while she felt me grow in her mouth was too much. I told her how to curl her lips over her teeth so she wouldn't nip me. She was a very willing student and soon my hips were pushing up into her warm, soft mouth. I told her she had better stop because I was getting close again. She just grinned around my solid shaft and squeezed tighter with her lips. I was almost there when I grabbed her head and started thrusting into her willing face. After just a few more seconds, I started to spurt. To her credit, she never stopped sucking. She drained me completely and swallowed every drop. When I had softened, she let me pull out and kissed the tip of my dick. I pulled her up to me and cradled her head on my shoulder while I gently caressed her pubic mound. We were both asleep in minutes.

The adventure has begun. 


Lana Learns Ch. 02 - Lana learns bondage.

One of my hobbies is leather craft. On the evenings that Lana had to work at the convenience store, I was preparing a surprise for her. Using some soft leather strips, chrome rivets and "D" rings, I had made some adjustable wrist and ankle restraints. I lined them with fleece so that they wouldn't chafe. I had a long strip of red plaid flannel that I had fashioned into a blindfold that would wrap twice around her head and tie in the back. I told Lana that I had a surprise for her when she came over after work on Friday evening.

By the time Friday finally rolled around I was bursting with anticipation. My ex wife was very opposed to anything other than straight man on top sex. In our 14 years of marriage, she seldom let me eat her out and had only allowed me to put my dick in her mouth a couple of times, saying it was 'unnatural.' Perhaps (?) that is why I was now single and had met Lana in the first place.

When Lana finally arrived, we had dinner with my housemates and their children and/or lady friends who might have been in the house. I was the only decent cook in the house, so I did the cooking and shopping. My housemates did the cleaning and they paid for the groceries. A good situation for me. As soon as we had finished dinner, I told Lana to take a shower and wear my robe to my bedroom. While she was doing that, I tied lengths of nylon rope to the four feet of my queen bed and I put a leg restraint on the floor on each leg of the head of the bed. I put wrist restraints on the floor at the foot of the bed. I had the blindfold in my back pocket.

When Lana slipped into my bedroom, I closed and locked the door. I asked her if she trusted me. She nervously said that she did. I put my arms around her and we kissed for several minutes and I fondled her tits, kissed her neck and generally worked her up. Finally, I stood her up and produced the blindfold. She asked what it was for and I told her it would heighten her experience. After tying it around her head and ensuring she could not see around it, I slid my robe off her shoulders and let it fall to the floor. As was her habit, she had put panties on after her shower. She jumped when I secured the ankle restraints followed by the wrist restraints. I helped her to lay down with her feet at the head of the bed. I put a pillow under her head, again insuring that she would not be able to see. I grabbed one of the ropes and secured her arm to the bedpost. I repeated the process with the other arm.

Throughout this process she kept her knees tightly locked and kept her feet together. She was shivering slightly (although I had turned the thermostat up in preparation for the night.) I ran my hand across her nipples which puckered even more and then caressed each of her perfect mounds while I sucked and teased her nipples. When she had started to moan a bit, I slid my hand across her slight belly and under the waist band of her panties. I received a shock when my hand encountered her bare pussy! Her friend Debbie had told her that men liked a smooth mound and she had shaved the night before. Running my hand all around, I stroked the soft, moist folds of her pussy, occasionally dipping one then two fingers into her fire. She was beginning to test the wrist restraints but my craft was good and there was no give in them.

I slid her panties down to her knees so give me access to plunge three fingers into her hot, honeypot. After finger-fucking her almost to orgasm, I removed her panties and tossed them to the floor. I slipped off the bed and finished securing her ankles to the ropes tied to the head of the bad. She was spread out, open and inviting. This seemed like a moment to remember and since digital cameras were still new and expensive, I pulled out my Polaroid and snapped several pictures for the future. She heard the click and caught the flash around the edges of the blindfold but didn't object. I sunk my fingers back in and worked her smooth pussy while I waited for the pictures to develop. After admiring my photography, I put them in a drawer, finished undressing and went back to work. I got onto the bed between her legs and the headboard of the bed. I slid my arms under her knees and lifted her pussy up to my waiting lips and tongue. I was able to reach my arms around her thighs and hold her lips open to my licking, kissing and sucking. Putting two fingers in as deep as they would go, I wriggled them around, coating them with her rapidly accumulating juices. I pulled the fingers out and replace them with my tongue. As I flicked her clit with my tongue, I slid the two fingers into her mouth and let her sample the taste that I enjoyed so much. Again, she didn't object so I alternated my fingers and tongue, fucking her mouth with my fingers. She eagerly sucked her juice from my fingers so I proceeded to the next step of my plan.

I slid the pillow from under her head and by grasping under her arms, slid her away from the headboard until her head was just hanging off the bed. I stood in front of her head and rested my balls on her chin. I reached down to her pussy and put three fingers from each hand into it as far as I could reach. I pulled my slick, coated fingers out of her pussy and one by one slid them between her full, red lips. She was writhing on the bed, trying to get some friction on her pussy but the ropes were stretched far enough that she couldn't get any purchase. I finally could not wait any longer. Placing my thumb on her lower lip, I opened her mouth and slid my aching dick into her. For a woman who had never willing sucked a dick only few weeks before, she had become excellent at it. She took as much as she could on the first plunge. I felt the head of my cock brush the back of her throat. She gagged a little so I pulled half way out. She swirled her tongue around the tip so I pushed back in. Finally we established a rhythm and I was fucking her face vigorously. I knew I would not be able to last long at this pace.

I reluctantly pulled my rock-hard cock out of her mouth and crawled up on the bed to straddle her chest. Putting my hands back under her thighs, I raised her ass so I could spread her newly shaved pussy lips and dip my tongue and lips into her waiting cunt. As I lavished my attention onto her sensitive lower lips, I could feel her own lips and tongue licking my balls and my shaft. I put three fingers into her pussy with each hand and used them to hold her open to allow greater access to my licking and probing tongue. I could feel her getting hotter and hotter, moaning loudly (I was glad my house mates were downstairs watching TV) and her breathing was getting more ragged. I raised my hips and used one hand to open her mouth again. I stuck my cock into her mouth and felt her begin to suck. Plunging my cock into her mouth in time with my tongue into her pussy and against her clit, I could feel both our climaxes coming. Feeling her pussy clamp against my tongue and her legs trying to clamp my head as her orgasm came pushed me over the edge. Pushing deep into her willing mouth, I started pumping spurt after spurt of cum. Pushing up with my arms, I looked down to see the beautiful sight of her mouth enveloping my cock and her throat working to swallow every last drop of my cum. Between the feeling of her mouth, the view of her tits and face and the smell of her hot cunt, the sensation became too much for me to endure and I had to clamp her head with my knees to stop her from moving my over-sensitive dick in her mouth.

Giving her pussy a final lick and kiss, I rose up to my knees and removed my rapidly deflating rod from her mouth. Her chest and face were flushed from the orgasms. I told her how wonderful she was and how even more beautiful she looked at that moment. I realized that I had not taken any pictures of her with my dick in her mouth and promised myself that was an oversight I would remedy in the near future. I mused out loud that I wondered if my house mates would like to see her now. She blushed but didn't say no. I removed the restraints from her ankles and wrists and finally removed her blindfold. I turned down the bed and helped her slide under the covers while I turned off the light. I thought morning would bring wood back to my tool and I would have her ride me so I could watch those glorious tits bounce. She put her head on my chest and fondled my balls while I caressed her tits until we both fell asleep. My final thought as I drifted into sleep: magnificent tits - riding in my Chrysler Cordoba with them on display! How far would she go? 


Lana Learns Ch. 03 - Exposing Lana

It was Friday night and Lana and I were downstairs in the living room watching television on the big screen. We were on the couch facing the screen. In the two easy chairs on either side of the couch were two of my three house mates, Tim and Mark. Mark is the pastry company route salesman who had invited some of the young lovelies from the stores along his route to our open house a few months ago. We all owe Mark for the inspiration for these events!

Lana is 25 years old. She is divorced from a redneck who got her pregnant at 16 and thought she was just a fuck toy. His idea of sex was to jump on, get his rocks off and roll off. I was fortunate enough to meet her and introduce her to a world of mutual pleasure. Lana is 5'4, 125 pounds with large brown eyes, auburn hair and perfect 36C tits and a matching ass. While she wasn't stunningly beautiful, she was very pretty in an innocent way. Her most appealing trait (as it turned out) was an apparent enjoyment of sexual adventure. I am pretty average all the way around but do know how to give pleasure to a woman.

Lana had worked the day shift at the convenience store and had gotten off at 3PM. She stopped by her apartment and showered and changed into some casual clothes before arriving at our house about 4:30. By 8 we had all finished dinner, cleaned the kitchen and were watching some sports. After a long day, Lana was drifting off with her head on my shoulder. I eased her down until she was on her back in my lap and I was stroking her shoulder length hair. Gradually extending my caresses down to her shoulders and arms, the beginnings of an idea started to form. As I stroked her arms, I allowed my fingers to wander to the underside of her tits. She sighed contentedly so I became more bold cupping one then the other tit with steady pressure. As she settled into a good rhythm, I realized that her shirt had large buttons with loose button-holes. One by one, I slid the buttons out of the holes until her shirt was totally ready. A few more minutes of rubbing her nipples through the shirt and bra, I gently eased first one side then the other of her shirt out of the way, lightly pulling the shirt tails out of her shirt.

Lana was now showing her bra-covered tits to both Tim and Mark. She was still breathing gently so I resumed my stroking of her perfect tits. I was trying to figure out how I was going to unsnap her bra when I realized that it had a front clasp! While stroking her right mound, I carefully unsnapped the clasp and pulled the cups away, exposing those lovely, pink tipped nipples to Tim and Mark. It was easy to see the reaction from my house mates as they squirmed in their chairs and tried to position themselves for the best view of the show. Lana's breathing started to quicken as I resumed stroking her tits and gently tweaking the nipples, which puckered nicely. I leaned down to kiss Lana on the lips and while doing so I started my right hand down across her belly to the snap on her jeans. As I did so, she grasped my wrist and gently shook her head "no."

I pulled her shirt together and made a show of 'waking' her, telling her it was time to go up to my bedroom. Both the guys told us goodnight and I suspect Lana was the subject of some erotic self-play that evening.

When we got to my bedroom, I expected Lana to tell me off. Instead, her eyes were wide and she said, "that was the most exciting thing I have ever done! When you started I didn't know how to stop you without embarrassing everyone and as you went on and on, I didn't want you to stop." As she was telling me this, she shrugged off her shirt and bra (which were hanging open anyway) and dropped them to the floor. Grabbing a pillow off the bed, she went to her knees in front of me and unbuttoned my jeans, unzipped the fly and in one swift pull jeans and boxers hit the floor too.

As you can imagine, I was rock hard and when she put her mouth over my cock my legs got weak. For someone who a few short weeks ago had never sucked a dick, she was becoming extremely adept. I guess knowing what she had coming in return helped her attitude. One of her favorite 'tricks' was to suck me to the back of her mouth while looking up at me with those big, soft brown eyes. She put her hand on my ass cheeks and pulled me into her mouth. I would pull back out until she pulled me in again. All this time, I was shedding my shirt, shoes and socks. I tried to kick the jeans and boxers off my feet but Lana would not release my cock long enough. Finally I felt my balls tighten and as I started to cum, I grabbed the sides of her head and allowed myself to help fuck her warm, willing mouth. My sweet Lana took everything I had without losing a drop. Soon my dick was empty and not as hard as it had been. Holding her head in my hands, I pulled out of her mouth. The sight of her wanton smile when I did so is still one of the most erotic things I have ever seen.

I pulled her to her feet and proceeded to remove her jeans and panties. Joining her on the bed, I went right back to sucking those perfect tits and nipples. While alternating my attention between tits, I used my right hand to slide down to her warm, ready box. Sliding my middle finger up and down her opening, I gradually slid it in. I found her more than ready for my fingers. I added another and another finger until I was plunging 4 fingers into her cunt all the way until my thumb stopped them. I knew what she wanted and when she put one hand on my head, I started kissing my way down. I backed down the bed until I was between her legs. Hooking one arm under each thigh, I put one hand under each ass cheek and raised her bottom up to my waiting lips. Replacing my arms with a pillow, I used my hands to pull open her pussy lips and licked and sucked as far as my lips would reach. Using my right thumb to stroke her clit, I sucked her faster and faster to match her hips movement. As I felt her explosion begin, I plunged 4 fingers back into her pussy and put two from my other hand into her mouth. She bucked and shook for some time while I continued to finger fuck both her cunt and mouth.

Eventually she started to come down. Her breathing (and mine I must admit) were slowing back toward normal. By now, I was hard again and since she was more than wet, I pulled her on top of me sliding my pole into her. She straightened her arms so we could watch past the twin mounds of her tits, as my dick slide into her. When she looked up at me, I pulled her face to me and kissed her deeply until I shot my load for the second time that night. We both rolled over, still clutching each other and went to sleep.

Lana had to work the next morning so we got up early and I fixed her breakfast while she showered and dressed (in last evening's clothes - after all she had only worn them for a couple of hours.) I told her to come to my place when she got off work. It was not her weekend for custody of her two boys so it was no problem. When she left for work, I put my plans for the next part of Lana's 'education' into play. Going to a local 'adult' store, I found three shelf bras in her size. I found some erotic oils in several flavors. I finally located a dildo that was just a little larger than me and very lifelike in color, texture and feel. From there I went to a local clothing store and found three shirts similar to the one she had worn last night. Big buttons and loose button-holes to make undressing her easier. I also bought her a short, loose fitting skirt that would look good with all the shirts. I was ready for phase 2.

When Lana got home from work that afternoon, I had her wardrobe laid out on the bed. Shirt, shelf-bra and skirt. I met her at the door - none of my house mates were home from work yet - and we kissed and petted for a while so she would be a little worked up and more 'suggestible.' I took her upstairs to my bedroom and showed her the new clothes. I told her to put them on -only them and nothing else except her sandals. After the events of last night, I could see some worry mixed with excitement on her face.

To her credit, she followed my instructions. I came up from fixing us a small cooler of drinks to find her nervously sitting on the edge of the bed wearing her new outfit. I pulled her to her feet and started kissing her again. I ran my hand under her skirt to find her bare pussy. I wondered if she was going to back out and wear panties. I was pleased and encouraged that she had not. I told her we were going for a drive in my Chrysler Cordoba. It was black with a black vinyl top and black interior. It had a bench front seat and was perfect for what I had in mind.

I put the cooler in the back seat and a paper bag under the middle of the front seat. We backed out of the drive and started south. A few minutes out of town was a four-lane divided highway going 50 miles to the next town. On Saturday night, it was fairly well traveled but certainly not bumper to bumper. When we got a few miles down the road, I reached over and started unbuttoning her shirt. Starting at the top, I slowly unbuttoned it all the way. She kept asking what I was doing, and I just smiled. When I was fully unbuttoned, I told her to slip if off. After a short hesitation, she complied. The black shelf bra lifted her tits and prominently displayed her nipples, which by now had started to pucker. I deliberately speeded up to pass a couple of semi-trucks. She wouldn't look at the drivers but both of them honked when we passed. One of them was a Pepsi delivery truck. I casually wondered (out loud) if it was one who delivered to her store. She gasped and turned red at that thought. After passing several more trucks and cars, I told her to unsnap the front clasp on the bra. She was much more hesitant at this but after I tried a couple of times to unsnap it with my free hand while driving with the other, she finally relented and unsnapped it. Her beautiful mounds were almost on display. A minute later, I did reach over and pulled the cups from under her breasts, allowing them to be free. I kept any cars or trucks from passing us on the right while she got used to being topless.

I slowly passed a couple more trucks and was rewarded by shouts and horns as we did so. I could tell that Lana was getting turned on by the whole process. Time to move on to the next step. I told Lana to recline her seat a bit, putting her at about a 45-degree angle. At this angle her nipples were more prominently on display. From under the seat, I produced one of the bottles of oil and opening it, poured a little on my right hand. I reached over to Lana and lifted her short skirt. Trying to watch the road and her bare pussy at the same time, I massaged her slit with the oil. I would occasionally reach to her tits and apply some oil to them as well. She was laying back with her eyes closed getting more and more aroused. When I felt the was sufficiently worked up, I took the dildo out of the bag and handed it to her. She looked at me with a big question in her eyes. I told her "show me how it works."

To assist her, I put some oil on the shaft and guided her hand to the target. I told her (somewhat untruthfully) that passing cars could not see down to her pussy. Cars no, but big trucks...well. Finally she began to rub the head of the rubber penis along her pussy lips. With each pass she got a little for forceful until eventually the head slipped into her quickly moistening hole. With a gasp, she finally got it fully into her love canal. As she pulled it out, she got a little too energetic and it popped all the way out. She moaned and swiftly slid it back in. Soon she had a good rhythm and again had her head laid back and eyes closed. I took that opportunity to pass a couple of big rigs to give them a thrill. I could see a hand reach for the CB mic as we passed each one of them.

Finally, as we were passing a rig driven by a younger man, I told her, "Well, look at that." She looked up, right into the eyes of a young man about her age who was smiling broadly and giving her a 'thumbs up.' By this point she was past the point of caring and continued to plunge the dildo into her pussy all the way to the rubber balls. I left the highway at the next exit and found a place to pull over in some trees on a side road. I sat and watched, occasionally lending a hand to stroke a clit or pinch a nipple until orgasm overcame Lana and she started to thrash and moan. I can only imagine what would have happened if a County Mountie had happened along at that time. When Lana eventually came down, we got her dressed and headed back towards town.

On the trip back to the house, I thought about what I had created. I realized that I did not create what Lana was rapidly becoming, I had only released the inner her. Once again, I had to love the bench front seat as she lay with her head in my lap and my cock in her mouth on the way home. A couple of times, I had to slow her down because she was becoming so good at sucking, I was not certain I could control the car if she went too far. As we got closer to town the traffic picked up and I had her sit up until we got back to my room. All three of my house mates were there on Saturday night which is unusual. I feel certain they were hoping for a repeat of last night's show but that was not on tonight's agenda. Once again, I went to sleep thinking about lovely Lana in my arms and the next step in her liberation. Next chapter: Lana wants to try fisting. Who am I to object?


 