




                             \\\//
                            -(@ @)-
                ---------oOO--(_)--OOo-------------------
		                WARNING!
		This text file contains sexually explicit
		material. If you do not wish to read this
		type of literature, or you are under age,
		PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!
		-----------------------------------------






			Scroll down to view text



Archive name: ex5.txt
Authors name: Homer Vargas
Story title : Personal Examination

-----------------------------------------------------
(c) Copyright Homer Vargas - 1998 - This work is
copyrighted to the author, with all rights reserved.
This story may be archived and displayed on non-
commercial web sites without permission, but please
make no chages to the text and do not remove the
author name or address.   Thank you
-----------------------------------------------------

Although this story is somewhat self contained, it 
basically ties up loose ends from earlier stories, 
of the "Examination" series.  So far as I know my 
own mind, it will be the last of the "Examination" 
stories (although a wave of adulation could turn 
my head).  If you have not read the others, you 
will probably want to postpone this one until you 
have read, preferably in order,  "The 
Examination," "On Further Examination," "Wonder 
Woman's Examination," and "Examination of a NAG".

Personal Examination 
by Homer Vargas

	
     Dr. James Bock moped about the clinic, making 
everyone feel even worse than they did anyway.  
All the women had loved Janet.  Long after she 
withdrew from the practice to bear and care for 
her and James's four children, she remained a 
mother hen to the women of clinic staff.  No one 
could understand why Janet allowed herself to 
become obese; it seemed beyond even James's 
ability to control.  Thin before her first 
pregnancy, she added more and more weight as James 
Jr., Clive, Sophia, and Susana arrived in quick 
succession.  With increasing weight came less 
activity leading to still more weight gain.

	A heart attack, unexpected, massive, 
definitive had taken her.  James's sadness 
affected Amaka most of all.  As her culture and 
human feeling directed, she had stepped in to see 
to James's and Janet's children.  The house Mamma 
kept for her and her brood was small, but Mamma's 
heart was large and she smothered the little 
orphans with affection.  They would be OK.  It was 
James that worried Amaka.

	The relation between a man and woman is 
mysterious, Amaka thought.  "Good" marriages 
sometimes are hell from the inside.  Men and women 
cling to partners that "everyone" knows are wrong 
for them, bound by love, desire, custom, who knows 
what?  Amaka did not pretend to know what had gone 
on between James and Janet.  I was another 
universe from the one she and James inhabited.  In 
theirs, James was her master, as he was Janet's, 
but they were also friends, business partners, 
lovers and parents of her children.  Amaka felt 
herself married to James even though he went home 
to Janet every night and was married to neither.  
James made love to Amaka at the office frequently, 
usually more than once daily, more frequently, 
Amaka believed, than he made love to Janet, 
especially after she grew fat.  In a way it was 
like the culture of her childhood homeland in 
which James had Janet as his Senior wife and she 
was his Junior. wife.  The passion had gone from 
his relationship with Janet, only love, duty, or 
whatever it was that bound him, lingered.

	Amaka was, therefore, surprised that Janet's 
death had so devastated James.  Only with immense 
will did he attend to clients, leaving Amaka to do 
virtually all of the seduction and conditioning of 
the women who continued to be sent to the clinic 
in increasing numbers.  Certainly it affected 
their love making.  The joy, the passion on the 
infrequent occasions was gone.  Amaka felt James 
had transferred to her the obligatory sex he had 
with his deceased partner.

	James stopped having sex with the other women 
of the clinic completely.  It hurt them all, but 
especially Suzie and Megan, the youngest women who 
were highly sexed.  Amaka made a few adjustments 
in James's conditioning of them so that they could 
at least find some release in sex with each other, 
but she could not erase their desire for James 
himself.

	This could not go on.  It would not be easy.  
She might not succeed.  But she had to try.

	When James halfheartedly suggested sex with 
her in the office the next Friday evening, Amaka 
for the first time said no.  She waited to see if 
he would take her.  If he wished, he could fill 
her with an overpowering desire that would make 
refusal unthinkable.  He could make her body move 
at his pleasure even if her mind remained 
unconvinced.  His did neither, but only looked at 
her, puzzled.

	"Pick me up at my house  Saturday night at 
8:00, darling.  I've made plans for dinner.  It's 
rather formal"  Again Amaka waited to see if he 
would go along.  If he didn't want to, he could 
just make her forget all about the arrangements.  
She had guessed right.

	"OK.  Why not?" James  grinned almost shyly.  
It was the first smile of any kind Amaka had seen 
since Janet's death.

	Saturday was a busy day.  A lot was riding on 
this night, the happiness not only of her and 
James, but of many others.  James could make many 
things right, or, if she failed, leave dozens of 
people, himself included, in misery.  Amaka was 
glad she was a woman.  She had the insight and, 
she hoped, the charms to make it happen.

	Amaka had concluded that James felt guilty 
about Janet's death, but perhaps even more about 
her life.  He had used his powers, not 
maliciously, but irresponsibly.  He had only just 
stumbled onto his strange ability when he met 
Janet.  She was the first woman whose life he had 
remade.  Although Janet must have loved James over 
and above his power over her and though she had 
lived for the children she had with him, her life 
had been wrenched too far from her own goals.  
James probably never thought he would fall in love 
with the woman whose life he had turned upside 
down.  James could give her unbelievable pleasure, 
but he could not make her totally happy.  Now he 
never could.

	Most of James clients were probably happier 
for his interventions in their lives, but there 
were a few who had also suffered from James's use 
of his powers.  Amaka suspected that Janet's death 
had reminded James of his culpability in those 
cases, too.  He needed to face what he had done, 
but he had to get beyond it without hating 
himself.  That was her task. 

	The element of surprise would be important.  
Fortunately, James knew Amaka only as a beautiful, 
if exotic, woman who had fallen somewhat 
accidentally into his power.  Typically for a man, 
he had not been too curious about the woman who 
had shared her body with him for the last four 
years.  It was time he learned some things.

	"I want him to fall in love me, Mamma," Amaka 
explained.

	"He already loves you, child."

	"That's what he thinks, too, but not totally.  
I want it all.  Give me juju, Mamma."

	"It's dangerous girl.  Juju could make you 
evil and manipulative."

	"No, Mamma.  Just give me the good juju"

	"Juju isn't good or bad, Amaka.  It draws its 
power from what is in your heart.  If your motives 
are even a little bad, the juju will be evil and 
that evil will be multiplied many fold."

	"I have to try, Mamma."

	"Oh, Amaka!  Are you sure?"

	"I'm sure, Mamma."

	"Amaka you are my first born daughter.  I 
can't believe anything bad of you.  If you want to 
use juju, I will do as you say."  

	Mamma went to the corner and pulled a key 
from her bosom to unlock the ancient chest.  
Carefully she withdrew several small carved wooden 
objects.  Amaka knew what she had to do and had 
brought out candles, arranging them in an ellipse 
with a mat in the center.   Amaka stripped and lay 
naked, perfectly still on the mat, waiting.  Mamma 
went round the ring of candles, lighting each and 
repeating a chant.  Then she danced around the 
circle of burning tapers, rolling her ample hips 
and singing softly, before stepping across the 
invisible threshold.  With great precision, Mamma 
passed one and another of the idols over Amaka's 
body.  The final one she passed three times around 
each breast and three times around Amaka's mound, 
intoning the age-old ritual.  When she finished 
Amaka was deeply entranced.

	Mamma smiled down at her sleeping daughter, 
the mother of her four grandchildren, still her 
little girl.  "Time to get up, honey.  Let's do 
something with that hair.  You need some practical 
juju, too."

	It hurt when Mamma knotted her hair into 
scores of tight plaits.  Into each she wove in a 
piece or two of tinsel.  It was a five hour job, 
but when she finished, both women were pleased 
with the results.  Amaka went to her bath and 
soaked a long while, allowing the oils and 
unguents to be absorbed by her soft skin.  When 
she emerged, she shown.

	Naked, Amaka went to her closet and removed a 
garment from a back shelf where it had remained 
for years, awaiting such an occasion.  The noble 
fabric responded to the touch of an iron and 
became as new.  Amaka slipped on a diaphanous blue 
brassiere and a pair of navy thong panties and 
began to dress.  Carefully she wound the Ukmoh 
around her shapely hips and drew the top in the 
same fabric over her breasts and shoulders.  It 
took several adjustments to get the scalloped hem 
even with her ankle bones as Mamma had taught her.  
Mamma helped coil the matching Ubaletu around her 
shining black plaits and fluffed it until it added 
four or five inches to her height.  Amaka examined 
herself in the mirror approvingly while Mamma 
looked on with pride.  The craft of five hundred 
generations of African women had perfected this 
look.  She would be irresistible

	Mamma opened the door for James and ushered 
him to the living room to wait.  Perhaps she was 
unaware of the psychology of making a man a little 
impatient before Amaka made a dramatic entrance.  
James was just slightly startled when Amaka 
greeted him from the doorway,  "Good evening, 
darling."

	James was stunned.  Amaka had been working 
for him over four years.  He had been fucking her 
exactly as long, although they had been making 
love for a shorter period.  He had seem her daily.  
He had seen her in cute mini skirts, in elegant 
tailored suits, in the sexy smocks she wore around 
the office, in hot pants and bikinis, and of 
course in nothing at all.  Now as looked at her, 
it was if he had never seen her before, never.

	Could this be the woman he worked with every 
day?  Standing before him was a princess or a 
queen.  An empress or a goddess!  James could not 
take his eyes off the vision that had addressed 
him.  Speech was impossible.  His eyes caressed 
her from head to foot.  The garment she wore was a 
deep yet somehow brilliant blue, a blue of sky 
that can only be seen from high mountains at 
twilight.  Unsurprisingly, in that crepuscular 
background, gold studs and inlays sparkled like 
the first stars in the firmament when the sum has 
not yet yielded his dominion to night.  A 
headdress of the same resplendent cloth adorned 
her head.  The light caught and thrown back by the 
inlays made it a  diadem.

	James scarcely heard as Mamma told the 
elegant couple to have fun, that the children 
would be fine and ushered them out.  As she closed 
the door, she said silent prayer to Ussa, et 
Fillis, and the Holy Spirit.

	Amaka took James's arm and allowed him to 
escort her to the car, open the door for her, and 
see that she was seated.  Hardly daring to look at 
his beautiful companion, James was heading in the 
direction of the city before he remembered to ask 
where they were going.  Amaka told him to drive to 
the river front.  James was puzzled, knowing there 
were no restaurants in that area.  Nevertheless, 
he let Amaka direct him to park and lead him to 
the wharf.

	A long ramp led to a brightly lighted deck of 
a dinner cruse ship.  Amaka had timed their 
arrival well and only minutes later the vessel 
weighed anchor and eased into the deeper waters of 
mid river, quickly leaving behind the built-up 
parts of the city.  Cocktails and canaps soon 
gave way to a full dinner with dozens of other 
couples.

	James and Amaka didn't talk much over dinner; 
James because he couldn't; Amaka because it wasn't 
necessary.  As he gazed at her, not able to get 
his fill of looking, the words and images of the 
classic music video came back to him.  Like 
Whitney Houston, Amaka could say, "I'm every 
woman; it's all in me."  It was an epiphany; it 
was time to dance.

	The band struck up a Latin beat and James and 
Amaka took center stage on the floor.  As the 
combo pumped out the Salsas and Meringues of 
Carlos Vives and Niche, James marveled at his 
partner.  Of course her dancing was superb.  But 
Amaka put a wiggle in her hips and a subtle 
contortion into the movements of her belly that 
reminded everyone of the Afro-Caribbean origins of 
this music.

	The panting couples were taking a break from 
hard driving techno-rock when the ship reached its 
southernmost point and swung round, allowing those 
on both sides to view the long incline up on the 
Virginia side towards Mt. Vernon, brilliantly 
illuminated for the benefit of the dinner dancers.

	On the way back, the orchestra wisely 
switched to ballads of the `60s and `70s that put 
everyone in a mellower mood.  As the liner pulled 
to within sight of the Washington Monument, the 
music had drifted farther back to Hoagie 
Carmichael and Cole Porter.  James was holding 
Amaka very close and they swayed, almost asleep in 
each other's arms, to the magical old lyrics.

	It was well past midnight when the last of 
the happy couples descended the gangplank, most 
looking more at each other than at where they were 
going.  James thought Amaka had never felt softer, 
had never fit more perfectly into his arms, as if 
she had always been there.  If, that is, the world 
had even *existed* before.  Was this not the first 
night of a newly created Earth, a terrestrial 
paradise that might be lost, but never again 
equaled?  James dreaded for this night to end.  
Reluctantly he pointed the car toward Amaka's 
house in upper Northeast.

	"Not that way, darling," she smiled.

	James looked at the lovely woman at his side, 
not knowing how to believe his good fortune.  He 
started to ask her something, but Amaka stopped 
his lips with a kiss.

	"Home, James," she ordered.

	Amaka seemed to have no shyness, walking into 
the stately home James had shared with Janet.  
Without having to ask, she led James to the 
bedroom.  She allowed him to watch as she removed 
the Ubaletu and shook her plaits free.  He stared 
in fascination as she untied the Ukmoh and let it 
drop to the floor.  He didn't have to wait long 
before she shed the bra and panties and began 
undressing him.

	They made love.  James had believed he had 
made love to Amaka many times.  He now realized 
that he was wrong.  They had only had loving, 
tender sex.  It had been wonderful sex, but 
nothing like this.  "James, James, oh my love, Oh 
James, James" Amaka sobbed between orgasms.

	James could only repeat her name like a 
mantra, "Amaka, Amaka, Amaka, Amaka" his voice, 
too, broken with feeling as he thrust himself deep 
into the woman clinging to him.  "One flesh"  The 
old Biblical phrase flashed into James's mind.  It 
had always struck him as material and crude.  Now 
he knew it was but a literal description of what 
his and Amaka's bodies sought -- coupling, 
joining, fusion, a melting together, a perfect 
union.

	A terrible tenderness came over James as he 
felt Amaka drift off to sleep.  She lay cradled in 
his arms, so perfectly trusting, snuggling closer 
as her breathing grew soft.  Did any man deserve 
this trust; did he; could he earn it?  He never 
wanted her to leave his side.  As James drowsily 
held the now sleeping woman, he realized that not 
only had he and Amaka never made love before, they 
had never slept together.  "Sleep together."  It 
was much so much more than a euphemism for having 
sex.  It was a totally different way of making 
love, one in which the elbows and the backs of the 
legs, the knees and the shoulder blades, could 
participate for hour after hour, long after the 
genitals no longer touched.

	The last thing James remembered before going 
to sleep was Amaka's hair tickling his nose.  He 
could have flicked it aside, but decided he would 
rather just fold her into the crook of his body.  
The first thing he saw in the next morning was 
Amaka's smiling face.  Compared to this moment, he 
had never been happy before.  Tears filled his 
eyes.  "I love you so much, Amaka."

	"And I love you," she replied.  "You are a 
good man, James, worthy of a woman's love.  You 
must believe that and not keep torturing yourself 
over Janet."

	"But I ..." Amaka stifled his protest with a 
kiss.

	"Whatever you did, Love, is done.  Janet left 
you four children whom she loved above anything.  
The best thing you can do is give them their daddy 
back.  Look,"

	Amaka clapped her hands and two by two the 
children filed in.  Amaka's children, being used 
to constant coming and goings since they were 
babies, were more outgoing than Janet's.  Ifi led 
James Jr. by the hand even though he was several 
months her 
senior.  Efe tugged at the shy Clive.  Little 
Jerome and Sophia were already best friends and 
playmates and followed their brothers and sisters 
in without coaxing.  Mamma entered last holding 
the babies, Leroy and Susana.

	As James looked from one to the other, he was 
consumed by love for them all.  He knew that he 
had to remake a life for them as well as for the 
wonderful creature lying at his side.

	"They're all *here*"  James stated, somewhat 
foolishly, but Amaka understood what he meant.

	"Of course, darling.  Mamma brought them last 
night.  This is their home.  It's our home.  They 
have a wonderful Mamma, but they need mother and 
father."

	It took a few days to work out the sleeping 
arrangements and a routine to get everyone bathed 
and fed in the mornings and still permit James and 
Amaka to get to the clinic by 10:00 AM or so.  The 
nature of the practice changed.  James and Amaka 
became even more equal partners.  Now they never 
took a client just because his or her partner 
wanted a subservient sex maniac.  They interviewed 
the couple carefully and made the adjustments 
necessary, usually to both.

	Amaka did not need to tell James what to do 
about the ex-clients.  Over many weeks and months 
he made calls, tracking down people and getting 
them into the clinic for business, but within a 
year things were falling into place.

*****

	It had not been easy to locate Kathy Black.  
James was appalled at finding her in a housing 
project struggling to support six children by four 
different men.  When they heard her story, 
however, Kate and Bill Jenkins of  NAP (National 
Association of People) had no trouble deciding 
they wanted Kathy to head up their legal staff.  
Kathy was surprised how old Bill Atturbury had 
changed and after making him court her assiduously 
for several months agreed to marry him.

	Bill Atturbury could have been their 
grandfather, but Pauline, Carlitos, Chun and Chan 
, and Malcolm Jr. couldn't have been more 
delighted.  He read them stories, and played 
horsy, and could make an elephant sound that never 
failed to set them giggling hilariously.  This was 
so much more fun than running a conglomerate, Bill 
turned his remaining interests over to Trent.  He 
took Pauline and Carlitos to pre-school and even 
found changing the diapers of  Susana and Martin 
Luther hugely satisfying.

	As much as he adored these children, however, 
Bill begged Kathy to let him get her pregnant just 
one more time so they could have one baby of their 
own.  Kathy told him he must be out of his mind.  
It could have been cause for a row, but they loved 
each other too much to argue over numbers.  
Eventually Kathy compromised on three.

*****

	When James called, Angelica supposed that he 
had decided it was time to give her another child.  
She was puzzled when, instead, he asked her to 
send Robert to the clinic for another visit.  
Wonderful "after sales service," she laughed to 
herself in the days and nights that followed .  
Angelica loved the improvements in Robert.  He was 
as sweet as ever, but seemed somehow more 
imaginative in his lovemaking.  He no longer just 
waited around to please his ever-horny wife, but 
took more initiative, fucking her at times and in 
places that Angelica wouldn't have thought of.  
Angelica would have to thank James personally when 
she saw him next.

	Another motive for seeing James intervened.  
"What's going on, James?  I've missed my period." 
Angelica demanded, more than a little annoyed.

	"Do you need to ask what that means?" James 
replied, amused.

	"It's not funny, James" Angelica snapped.  
"Why treat me like that?  I never deny you.  I 
enjoy letting you get me pregnant.  There was no 
reason to get me down to the clinic, impregnate me 
and then make me forget the whole thing!"

	"You haven't been to the clinic, Angelica and 
I didn't get you pregnant.

	"Then who did?"

	"How should I know?" James teased.  "Have you 
been sleeping around?"

	"No, you bastard, only with ..."  She stopped 
and rapidly counted the days.  She had been 
ovulating soon after Robert's visit to James's 
clinic.  A look of consternation spread over her 
face.  "But that's impossible."

	"I reversed Robert's vasectomy, Angelica, and 
told him about our now defunct arrangement.  I'm 
sure Robert will be very happy to find he's going 
to be a father for the first time."

	"My god!  I'm as horny as ever.  So from now 
on I'll have to take precautions?"

	"That's up to you, but don't expect too much 
help from Robert.  Under the circumstances I can 
bet he will be wanting to make up for lost time."

*****

	Malcolm Foster was mad as hell.  He had been 
waiting in this damned doctor's office for forty 
five minutes.  He could be out on the street 
dealing.  This delay was costing him money over 
$1500, but it couldn't be helped.  He wasn't here 
of his own free will.

	Everything had started going wrong for 
Malcolm several months ago when his favorite 
woman, that horny white bitch named Kathy had been 
snatched out of his life.  He had had made with 
her.  She craved sex and by giving or withholding  
his woman pleaser, he had made her a virtual sex 
slave.  The oversexed slut had learned to cook for 
him better than any of his black girlfriends and 
she had let him make her pregnant twice.  Malcolm 
had been thinking it was time she started working 
on another little bastard when everything changed.  
He didn't underhand how she suddenly was able to 
laugh off his bullying and then get some rich 
white man screwing her.  Even before the old 
bastard married her, he installed Kathy in a fancy 
apartment with security that didn't let Malcolm 
in.

	Malcolm though his luck had turned when Horse 
Jones and the other four Wizards starters showed 
up at his house one day.  He quickly learned his 
mistake.  It was funny, they seemed to know all 
about him.  "Kathy tells me you like white girls," 
Horse said a little menacingly.

	"Sure, Bro'," Malcolm replied nervously.  
"Them white bitches really likes a nice big piece 
of black meat."

	"And I believe you've said that you like to 
`get a horny a white woman so addicted to my cock 
she'll let me make her pregnant,' or word to that 
effect?" asked "Jumper" Bradford

	"Uh ...  sure," Malcolm answered truthfully, 
but growing apprehensive about this line of 
questioning.

	"Well, that real convenient," remarked Rufus 
Prescott

	"Because we've got just the girl for you." 
continued "Apple" Appleby

	"Drop those pants, my friend.  Let's see if 
you've got what it takes to keep a hungry woman 
satisfied," Jumper ordered.  Malcolm was a big 
man, but no more than any one of these five LARGE 
black men.  He decided to comply.  The team made a 
quick assessment of Malcolm's crotch assets and 
went into a huddle.

	"It's worth asking her, I guess," said Rufus.

	"Come in here, Ethel, baby," Apple called.  
"What do you think?"

	A thin redhead in hot pants appeared in the 
door.  Ethel Patterson appraised Malcolm 
carefully, paying especially close attention to 
the zone between his legs, then grinned.  "I'll 
take him."

	"Looks like you've got yourself a new 
girlfriend," smiled Horse.

	"What are you talking about, man?" Malcolm 
objected, looking over the woman who was looking 
him over.  "That ain't no woman. that's a 
scarecrow!  Look at her!  Hell, I've seen bigger 
tits on a gnat.  And her rear end!  There ain't  
enough meat on her scrawny ass for a man to sink 
his teeth into." Malcolm protested.

	"Sorry you feel that way," Rufus frowned.  
"We were hoping to find someone to take a very 
enthusiastic lady off our hands.  Coach says she's 
wearing us out."  The others nodded in agreement.

	"What's going on?" Ethel objected.  "You told 
me you knew someone who could keep me happy."

	"He will, baby.  He will," Apple reassured 
her.  "Just be patient.

	"You obviously don't know a good thing when 
it looks you in the eye, my friend," Horse 
lectured with the full support of his team mates.  
"I guess you'd better go talk to a friend or ours.  
Here's the telephone number.  Ask for an 
appointment with Dr. Bock and tell them Horse sent 
you."  Malcolm had understood that he was not free 
to ignore the suggestion.  That's why he was 
sitting here, in this funny looking room, waiting 
to see some dumb *women's* doctor.

	"You can come in now, Mr. Foster." said a 
tall beautiful back woman.  Malcolm again thought 
his luck was about to change.  This time, he was 
right.

	Several weeks later Malcolm was lying 
somewhat dazed and exhausted, looking up into the 
shining eyes of the lithe redhead who straddled 
him.  It always amazed him that a woman who 
weighed no more than Ethel could *drain* him the 
way she did.  No matter how many times he made her 
cum, she kept demanding more and more until he was 
a noodle.  "Oh, is that all?" Ethel asked, never 
able to hide completely her disappointment when 
Malcolm petered out.  "Is my `tweet chocolate 
popcicle all tired-y poo?" she continued, slipping 
into baby talk.  Malcolm was drifting off.  
"Tweetie," she asked pensively.  "How would `ou 
wike doing me doggie?"

	It was like mentioning food to someone after 
a big meal.  Malcolm groaned.  The woman was 
insatiable!  "Oh, baby, I'd love to, but not right 
*now*."

	"Oh, I know `at.  Wight now my widdle boy is 
going to take a wong nappy so tomowow he will be 
big and twong again," Ethel reassured, obviously 
referring more to Malcolm's limp cock than to him. 
"Mamma Ethel means would `ou wike to do her the 
doggie way all the time for the last month or 
two?"

	Malcolm had been having trouble paying 
attention.  Even when she didn't have him fucked 
him out, Ethel's baby talk made him sleepy, but 
the implication of her question suddenly brought 
him fully awake.  He looked up at her, his eyes 
wide with surprise.  If she weren't a proper wife 
and mother, the expression on Mrs. Ethel Foster's 
face would have to be called a shit eating grin.

	"`At's wight, `ou naughty boy.  `Ou put that 
bid old bwack baby-maker in a bewey of `ou's bwand 
new widdle white bwide once too often duwing our 
honeymoon.  Now `ou'll just have to suffer the 
consequences!" she teased.

	Malcolm was too happy to say anything as 
Ethel looked down at him, as if awaiting his 
reply.  "Ouuuh!" she brightened.  "I'll take that 
as `yes,'" she said and began to hump up and down 
again on Malcolm's reviving cock.

*****

	"Hell, no I'm not paying more than 6 cents a 
MCF for Bangladeshi gas.  If they don't want to 
sell at that price, tell them *they* can build the 
damned pipeline!" Trent Atturbury snapped, 
punching off his cellular so hard it might be 
damaged.  Life was funny , he thought.  The last 
thing he ever expected in life was being saddled 
with his father's business.  Unless it was 
enjoying the hell out of it!  Trent had wanted to 
be a writer, moving words around on paper.  Moving 
men and money around the world turned out to be 
much more fun!

	The turn of events in Trent's life was almost 
unbelievable.  First his father had gone off the 
deep end over Kathy, an old girlfriend of his, a 
welfare mother with a houseful of children.  Then 
Daddy decided to chuck the business and turn 
everything over to him so he could play daddy to 
Kathy's kids and a growing number of his own rug 
rats.  The horny old goat had just gotten Kathy 
pregnant again.

	As a condition of giving Trent control of a 
multi-billion dollar empire, however, Daddy had 
insisted Trent see some kind of psychologist, a 
Ms. Amaka Ebe, to "put some spine" in his formerly 
wishy-washy personality.  Well, wishy-washy he was 
no longer, at least not in the office.  Better 
still, however, through Amaka, Trent had met an 
incredible woman!

	Ayo was a member of Amaka's family.  Trent 
didn't understand exactly what the relationship 
was.  Months ago he had accepted  Ayo's advice 
that their liaison remain a secret among his 
business colleagues.  "I'm not a woman you take 
out,"  she had told him with a grin.  "I'm a woman 
to come home to."  He knew what she meant.  Not 
that she was black and he was white; he would have 
killed anyone who made *that* an issue, but the 
difference in their ages and her girth would have 
raised some eyebrows.  Ayo had the body of a woman 
who had lived and loved quite a few years longer 
than Trent.  She was built on the "Aunt Jemima" 
model -- the original, not the Naomi Campbell 
look-alike.

	No one knew it, but Ayo was his other half.  
Outgoing where Trent was withdrawn, passionate 
when he was too analytic, patient when he would 
jump to conclusions, keeping in mind the big 
picture where he could be lost in detail.  Ayo 
knew nothing about the oil and gas business, but 
she had saved his company from several big 
mistakes with her insights.

	Most important, Ayo loved Trent.  She loved 
him enough to make him tell her everything.  When 
she asked, "How was work?" she expected, and got, 
a full, blow by blow recounting.  She beamed with 
pride at Trent's triumphs, grew angry or 
dismissive of his conflicts, comforted him in 
occasional failures.  Whatever happened, she was 
on his side, encouraging him, having more faith in 
him than he sometimes had in himself.  Whether in 
happiness or despair, Ayo always told him he was 
wonderful and made him believe it by making love 
to him. hot, heavy, passionate love.

	Nothing ever seemed to dampen Ayo's spirits, 
so when Trent found her crying one evening, he was 
more than surprised, he was alarmed.  He had never 
needed to comfort her before.  It was not easy to 
take the large woman into his arms, but her 
consternation made her slip into his embrace.  She 
lay her head on his chest and sobbed.  "Oh, Trent, 
darling, I'm so sorry.  Please forgive me.  I 
didn't intend for it to happen; you've got to 
believe me.  I'm afraid of what you'll say and 
I'll do it if you tell me to, but it's wrong and I 
don't want to."

	"Ayo, Ayo.  What's wrong?  What could you 
possible have done to need my forgiveness?  Did 
you damage something?  That Bukara in the living 
room?  Don't be silly.  This is now your house as 
much as mine."

	"No Trent, it's not the carpet; it's ... it's 
everything.  I've messed up.  I just didn't think 
it could still happen; I thought I was too old."

	"Ayo, honey, you're not making sense.  What 
do you mean you thought you were too old, that 
you've messed up everything?"

	"Our life, Trent.  I messed it up by getting 
pregnant and its yours and I don't want to get an 
abortion.  Please let me keep it.  I'll move out 
and never bother you about it, but please let me 
keep your baby."  Her words poured out in a single 
breath.

	"Oh, Ayo, honey!  Trent almost shouted.  
"This is the most wonderful news you could have 
given me.  I was worried something was wrong with 
me.  You don't know how jealous I've been of James 
and your niece or whatever she is.  They've got 
four already and she expecting again.  Now we are 
going to have a baby, too."

	Ayo looked up at Trent, relief and adoration 
in her still tear-filled eyes.  "You mean it?  You 
want to have a baby?  With a big old woman like 
me?  You want to make me fatter?

	"You are not `fat,' Ayo.  You're round, and 
every pound you've put on since you were Amaka's 
age had gone to places men like to see them.  If 
the baby takes after you, we're going to have the 
handsomest boy or the most gorgeous little girl 
imaginable.  Who have you told?"

	"Nobody, I was afraid you'd make me ..."

	"You don't know me as well as you think, if 
you believed I would let you, much less make you 
abort a baby, even if the baby were not mine.  
Case closed.  Get up and call Amaka to tell her 
she's going to have a new little cousin."

	"What do you mean, `cousin?'"  Don't you 
know, Trent?  Amaka's not my niece, she's my 
daughter.  She's going to have a new little 
brother or sister."

	"Ayo, this is so wonderful!  Yesterday I was 
an unattached though spoken for male; now I'm 
going to be a father.  And I guess I'm Amaka's 
father in law and I've got grandchildren!  There's 
just one more thing I need."

	"What are you talking about?" Ayo asked, 
amused by Trent's strange, expansive ideas of 
family.

	"I need a wife."

*****

	Bloody inconvenient, Col. Steve Trevor 
thought.  Not that he was unhappy that his wife 
had let him make her pregnant again.  He loved 
seeing Diana, who was so active and trim, 
gradually slow down and plump up when she was 
having a baby.  He even loved making love to her 
when she was pregnant, at least he supposed he 
did.  All he could actually remember from their 
nights together was lying at her side, stroking 
her swollen belly, gently sucking and kissing her 
laden tits and sometimes tonguing her to one 
orgasm after another.  But they must make love.  
Steve Jr., two, Drucilla, one, and Diana's 
expanding belly was proof of that.

	Still it was bloody inconvenient.  Why did it 
have to happen that every time he got Wonder Woman 
pregnant, Diana turned up pregnant, too?

*****

	Paul Graves was surprised to get a call from 
a Dr. James Bock.  It took him a minute to recall 
the strange doctor who a few years ago had fixed 
that junior partner in his firm so she would fuck 
him.  Kathy, he seemed to remember her name.  She 
had really been hot, couldn't get enough of him.  
He had enjoyed her until he got her pregnant and 
he had moved on.  That was about the time that 
Betty had found out about his affairs.  She had 
walked into Paul's office one afternoon to find 
his secretary carefully positioned over an arm 
chair with Paul fucking her like blazes.

	Funny, after Betty had divorced him and he 
was free to screw any woman he wanted to, it 
turned into a bore.  Finding them, telling them 
the same damned funny stories, taking them to the 
same restaurants and back to his apartment, 
fucking them for a few weeks and then getting rid 
of them -- always the most difficult part.  Where 
was the fun in that?.  Sometime he even missed 
Betty.  She was certainly a lot more interesting 
to talk to that the bimbos he picked up.

	This was pretty strange.  The doctor 
suggested they meet at a downtown club.  Paul was 
inclined to say no, but James suggested he had a 
new woman he wanted to introduce to Paul.  What 
the hell?  Paul agreed.  He had never been very 
good at guy-to-guy talk, but he found that after a 
few beers, it was really easy to open up to Dr. 
Bock.  Paul was telling the doctor things he never 
had really thought of before -- how tired he was 
of the meaningless conquests of airheads,  how he 
missed his children, how he even missed having a 
woman who was his equal, who looked out for his 
interests, who would tell him he was full of shit 
when he was, who didn't think his beer belly "was 
cute."

	"I've got just the woman for you" James said.

	Perhaps there was some surreptitious signal 
or perhaps it was Kismet.  Just them Paul Graves 
glanced over towards the entrance of the club and 
saw her standing there.  At first he didn't 
recognize her.  His eyes met hers and his mouth 
dropped.  Slowly she walked toward him.  It was 
Betty, but ... but ....  Paul had never seen her 
like this, at least not for years.  She had on a 
tight-fitting off-white dress cut five or six 
inches above her knee.  The matching heels gave a 
roll to her hips that drove him crazy.  As she 
drew closer he noticed the kind of large, flashy 
earrings he had wanted her to wear for years.  
Since the last time he had seen her, she had lost 
inches around the waist without reducing her ample 
hips and eye-popping boobs.  If "babe" could be 
applied to a woman almost fifty, Betty was a babe.

	Paul was so struck by seeing Betty again he 
hadn't noticed she wasn't alone.  "Good evening, 
Paul, James.  May I introduce my friend, Arnold."

	A tall muscular blonde stuck out his had to 
shake.  "Hi." he smiled.

	Paul was struck silent again.  As he shook 
hands with the young man he tried to place the 
face.  He had seen it before.  My god!  This was 
the himbo that had appeared on TV with Sen. 
Finger.  Instantly everything was clear.  Betty 
had gotten herself sexy as hell again and now had 
this hunk fucking her lights out.

	"Hello, Arnold.  What is your line of 
endeavor?" Paul said, trying to be civil.

	The smile faded from the young man's face and 
he looked at Betty for help.  "Arnold is a handy 
man," Betty explained.  "At least *I* find him 
very handy.  Hope you're keeping well, Paul.  Now 
if you'll excuse us ...."  Betty took Arnold's 
hand and led him away to a corner booth.

	"Amaka is bringing your date.  I can't 
imagine what is keeping them," James remarked.  
Paul wasn't listening.  He was staring through the 
dim light to see what his wife, well, his ex-wife 
was doing with the young man.  They had been 
kissing for about two minutes non stop and Betty 
was starting to squirm.  Paul thought he could see 
Betty's short skirt rucked up closer to her crotch 
as she spread her legs.  From her movements it was 
pretty evident where Arnold's hand had gone and 
what *it's* line of endeavor was.  Presently, 
several other patrons glanced over at the moans 
and grunts coming from the couple in the corner 
booth where a woman in a short white dress 
appeared to be having an orgasm.

	"Ah, here they are," James boomed, not 
seeming to pay attention to the spectacle over in 
the corner.  Reluctantly Paul turned his attention 
to James and the two women who had just walked in.  
One was tall, black, and .very beautiful.  The 
other was a shorter cute blonde about 25.

	"Sorry we're late, darling," said the taller 
woman as she kissed James.

	"Paul, this is my wife, Amaka and Megan.  
Megan works in our office.

	"I answer the `phones for Dr. Bock." Megan 
put in.

	Drinks arrived and James inched close to 
Amaka.  The lovers began whispering softly to each 
other.  Paul was left to pretend to listen to 
Megan's chatter as he tried to see the action in 
the corner booth.  James, Amaka, and Megan were 
the only people in the club who seemed oblivious 
to what was going on.  Betty had thrown her head 
back on the seat.  Her eyes were closed and sheer 
ecstasy rippled across her face.  Her blouse was 
open and Arnold's face was buried in her well 
endowed bosom.  If Betty had come with a bra, it 
was no longer extant.  From the way her tits had 
jiggled as she walked in, Paul was convinced she 
hadn't worn one.  Arnold appeared to be sucking 
one tit and them the other without removing his 
hand from between Betty's legs.  She was whinnying 
in rut.

	"You wanna dance?" Megan asked her distracted 
partner.  He didn't, of course, but anything was 
better than the torture of watching his wife, 
well, his ex wife, getting fondled and finger 
fucked.  The music was some strange mixture of 
keyboard with lots of electronic rhythm, far too 
fast.  Paul didn't really know what to do out on 
the floor.  The other dancers were just gyrating.  
Paul tried to gyrate, too, but didn't do it as 
well as Megan.

	Objectively speaking, Megan was a sexy little 
thing.  She had big boobs that bounced in 
syncopation to the music.  Paul didn't understand 
how she could dance like that in what must have 
been five inch heels, but supposed she had had 
lots of practice.  The provocative way her hips 
wiggled ought to have had him plotting how to get 
her out of that red miniskirt and his prick into 
her no doubt juicy little cunt.  She was pretty, 
sexy, and not too bright -- just his type.  But 
for some reason Paul felt no attraction to her at 
all.  He would have been worried about his age and 
hormone levels had he not realized he still had an 
erection from watching Arnold orgasm his wife, 
well, his ex-wife.

	Because he wasn't good at this ridiculous 
excuse for dancing, Paul was tiring rapidly just 
as Megan seemed to be getting warmed up.  She was 
flinging one arm and then the other into the air 
and letting out intermittent jungle-like cries.  
Soon every man in the club except James was 
staring.  Even Arnold took a break from working on 
Betty's twat to look.  Betty, too, sat up to see 
what had caused the interruption in Arnold's 
wonderful service and grinned at the sight.

	Recovering rapidly from twenty or more 
minutes of uninterrupted foreplay, Betty nudged 
Arnold to lead her to the floor.  Arnold was happy 
to comply as this brought him closer to the wild 
little blonde.  If having trouble keeping up with 
the contortions of his partner was humbling for 
Paul, seeing his wife, well, his ex-wife, start 
performing an only slightly less frenetic version 
of whatever Megan was doing, was acutely 
embarrassing.  Where the hell had the woman 
learned to dance like that?  When Betty ground her 
hips and jiggled her tits, she had a lot more to 
grind and jiggle than the girl.

	Perhaps sensing that a riot might break out 
if the hot little blonde's and her older 
companion's display of blatant sexuality wasn't 
curbed, the band switched to a `70s ballad.  Megan 
deflated like an untied balloon, disoriented by 
the slower 4/6 beat.  Paul tried to lead, but 
Megan was hopeless.  Glancing over, Paul saw that 
Betty was in the same predicament.

	"Do you mind?" Paul asked smoothly, dropping 
Megan's hand and tapping the young man on the 
shoulder.  Neither Arnold or Megan had ever heard 
of "cutting in" but the maneuver went off without 
a hitch.  Arnold and Megan were left staring at 
each other, not knowing what to do, as Paul swept 
off with his wife, well, his ex-wife.

	"My god what a spectacle you were making of 
yourself!" Paul whispered between clenched teeth, 
hiding his ire from the other dancers behind a 
broad smile.

	"What about yourself, *darling*?" Betty 
hissed.  "You were perfectly ridiculous clomping 
around to a techno-beat."

	"I mean over at the booth!  At least she 
wasn't giving me a blow job in public."

	"Don't complain to me.  *You* were the one 
who had the way with the ladies all these years."

	"If you'd dressed and looked as hot as you do 
tonight, I wouldn't have been chasing skirts."

	"When did you ever invite me to a place like 
this, where a woman who looks like a woman is 
appreciated?  The only place you ever took me was 
to those damned cocktail parties with your 
corporate clients," Betty shot back.  "Well, looks 
like you have a woman with the proportions you 
like."

	"What do you mean?  You've got the 
proportions I like, babe."

	"I mean the little blonde.  Looks like her 
bust size exceeds her age which exceeds her IQ."

	The other dancers marveled as the suave 
gentleman and his elegantly sexy dance partner 
glided around the floor, unaware of the exchange 
of vituperation passing between the smiling 
couple.

	"But I'll take that as a compliment, anyway.  
Thank you." Betty continued, slightly mollified.

	"I mean it, babe.  I've never seen you 
looking so good."

	"Not having to put up with *you* had given me 
more time to spend on myself," Betty explained, 
icily.

	"Well, what can I say?  Did you had to leave 
me to become the woman I've always wanted?"

	"Why didn't you tell me what you wanted?

	"Well, I did, didn't I?  I'm sure I told you 
I liked a woman in heels and earrings and you 
don't need to be told men like to see a woman's 
legs."

	"You told me how you liked `a woman' to 
dress.  You never told me that you'd love to see 
`me' dressed that way.  I wanted to be your wife, 
Paul, not your whore.  Why didn't you ever send me 
any of those flowers I kept finding receipts for?"  
Betty was sobbing softly now and had snuggled into 
Paul's arms.

	"Oh baby!  I was so stupid running after sex 
from all those chicks, but I never loved anyone 
but you."

	"Paul, darling, I want to believe that so 
much."

	"Elizabeth, my love.  Please come back to me.  
Give me a change to prove I love you every day for 
the rest of my life."

	James and Amaka like everyone else in the 
club were riveted on the couple standing in the 
middle of the dance floor, no longer moving, 
crying into each other's arms.  Amaka leaned over 
and kissed James approvingly.  Then she noticed 
Arnold and Megan over in the corner booth.  Arnold 
appeared to be sucking one tit and them the other 
without removing his hand from between Megan's 
legs.  She was whinnying in rut.  Amaka leaned 
over and kissed James again.

The End

Comments, please, to:
Homer Vargas
the_story_writer@yahoo.com

	I wish to acknowledge inspiration from 
"Downing Street" and someone else who does not 
wish to be acknowledged without blaming them for 
the execution.
_________________________________________________
It's okay to *READ* stories about unprotected sex
with strangers. But it isn't okay to *HAVE*
unprotected sex with strangers!!  You only have
one body per lifetime, so take good care of it.

