Fucking the softest pussy

I am Chichi from New Delhi am 36 year having 5'9" and a regular exercise body. I
am a bank official of the biggest bank of India. I am also narrating my secret
happenings of about 10 years back. After completing my graduation I was selected
for Central Intelligence and posted at Bhatinda district in Punjab as Sub
Inspector. The areas near the Pakistan border were under my jurisdiction and I
was to look for the intruders and to gather information about their activities.
I was allotted a flat in a very good locality. In our locality there were 16
flats all of duplex type on the four sides on a common park.

Each side has 2 buildings and each building having two flats. All 16 families
were from peoples of different walks of life but most of the families were from
either from army or intelligence department. The army officers were posted to
different corners but their family was stationed at there. As I was from central
intelligence I had to keep my self confined from others. I used to leave my flat
at 8.30 in the morning and returned in late night around 10.30 or 11.00 p.m.

One night I was returning home a bit earlier around 9.15 p.m. I met with an
accident. I was about 3 km. away from my house I saw an auto rickshaw coming
straight to hit my bike I suddenly stopped by bike and before I could start
abusing him he ran towards me and hold my hand and started shouting "Sahab
bachalo...."

When I enquired he told me that 3 gundas has forcefully pulled down a young girl
from his auto about 1/2 km back. I took the auto driver to may back seat and
accelerated the bike.

After few minutes we were at the site. I saw there were 3 people. All of them
are having knife in their hands. One was holding the girl by waist from back and
pulling her to the corner, other one was trying to grab the breasts and was
trying to kiss her, and third one was looking toward the street. When they saw
us two of them threatened us to leave the place do not know how I got some extra
energy, I just dashed the third one and drove by bike on his legs. Immediately
his leg got fracture. I was keeping a rod type material built of strong wire
ropes covered with leather. I pulled the rod and gave the second one a strong
hit on his skull. He got the floor and became unconscious.

I then moved toward the first one, seeing two of their men flat on floor the man
who was holding the girl, pushed the girl toward me and fled away. The girls
rushed to me, hugged me and started crying. I saw the girl; she was wearing
jeans and sleeveless top. She was a young girl with an attractive body. As the
girl was trying to escape from their clutch in this act her top was torn and the
bra with some parts of breasts was visible.

She was holding her head on my shoulder and was shivering. I put off my jacket
and covered her body. Seeing this she once stared at me and then put down the
eyelids. I then informed the local police about the incident who took the two to
hospital and then to jail. I asked the girl "Tumhe kahin chot to nahin lagi
hai?"
She shook her head in negative. She was still holding my body under her lap.
After ten minutes of counseling that now there was no danger she became a bit
normal. I then asked about her residence she replied the same locality where I
was residing.

I asked her, "Do you recognise me?"

She again replied in negative. I took her on my bike and drove toward home. I
dropped to her house. Every body of her family was worried about her. I narrated
them the whole story. After that day I became the hero of the colony. Every one
was keen to make relations with me. Now the actual story starts. On the coming
Saturday evening I was socially honored in a grand party organised by the family
of that girl. In that party all were invited. Every one was thanking me and
getting a snap with me. In that party I saw a lady with very attractive figure.


She was wearing a pink sari with sleeveless blouse. The girl named Sonia took me
to that lady and introduced me. When our eyes met a current was passed in my
body. She was so charming and her flesh/skin was so soft that I just started
imagining the softness of her pussy. On that very moment I made up my mind to
have a fuck with that lady. I then behaved normally to her. She once again
thanked me & gave me a formal invitation to visit her house.

After that day due to pressure of heavy work load I forgot every imagination for
six months. One Sunday evening I was talking with my friend near the park.
Children of different age were running. Suddenly a small child of age 2 years
fell down & got injuries in the leg. I took him to my home and gave him the
first aid and a fruit candy which changed the boy from crying to smiling. Then a
maid came, took the boy and thanked me for first aid. That boy was the son of
that lady. She was residing in the adjacent flat of our building. As our flats
were of duplex nature only drawing room was on the ground floor and bedroom &
kitchen were on 1st floor. Stairs to roof were of that type that we could easily
go to other's house by using their stairs to roof.

On that evening I was called upon by that lady to pay gratitude for my help. I
went there and had a cup of tea then I came to know that her husband is a major
in army and posted at Punjab. She was alone there with the only son. A maid used
to come daily twice to do the house hold works. She also looked after the small
boy whenever the lady had different works. After that meeting we were became
close to each other. She used to send the boy when ever I was at home. I also
enjoyed the moment because I knew that this would lead me to my goal.

In a few months, we were so close to each other that any day without talking to
each other we could not have a sleep. We had long duration phone talks but we
never talked below the decency level. Neither I nor she had ever had any sex
talks. We were good friends. One day I, in pleasure, invited her to visit my
house in night and stay with me so that we can have talks through out the night.


She told me "Kaise aayen. Koi dekh lega to kya kahega aur kintni badnami ho
jayegi. Din ki bat aur hai."

I then suggested her to use the stairs to roof and come down to my house by
using my stairs to roof. But she never dared. One Sunday early morning around
5.00 am I got a knock at the door which leads to stairs to roof. I opened it and
found my dream lady in front of me holding a pan in her hand. She came to my
room and sat on folding coat .She was wearing a maxi. She was having a smile on
her face and asked for a glass of milk. I gave her the milk and after few
minutes she left my house using the same way.

When I was coming close to that lady I told all the matter to my close friend. I
told him this incident too. He at once told me "Sale! who chodwane ayee thee aur
tum usko aise hi jane diye.

When I asked him "Are yaar mujhe kaise pata hoga ki who kya chahti hai."

Then my friend told me "Aisa karo aaj rat tum uske ghar jao our apni taraf se
ghar lautne ki baat mat karna. Agar who chodwana chahegi to tumhe jaroor
rokegi."

I returned home and prepared mentally to fuck her. I then had phone call to her.
I was eager to enquire about the visit of her husband. During talks she told me
that her husband might come next month end. At around 10.30 I dared to visit her
place by using the same way. I knocked at the door, she opened and surprised to
find me so late night.

I told her "Neend nahin aa rahi thi to socha tumhare pas chaloon our gappe
laraoon. Tumhe koi problem to nahin hai.

She had a wild smile on her face and said "Nahin nahin aao na, taklif ki kya
baat hai?

Phir hum dono idhar udhar ki baten karte rahe.Uska beta abhi jaga hua tha. Who
kabhi mere pas aata to kabhi apni mummy ke pas jata. Main uske piche piche daud
raha tha. Uski mummy jameen pe lage bistar per leti thi. Isi dauda daudi me main
kai bar uske pas se sat kar gaya. Phir achanak main thoda sa dagmagaya aur uske
pass bistar per gir gaya. Mujhe samhalne ke chakkar me who bhi gir padi .Mera
haath uske breast per chala gaya.usne turant kaha ki Bittu ko so jane do.

The very moment I thought that today I can have my dream come true. I then came
close to her. I stated moving my face to her body. She took her child in her lap
and said "Paanch minute ruko. Yeh abhi so jayega." She gave him the soft touch
therapy and the boy was in deep sleep.

After putting the child in bed she came near me and asked "Haan ab bolo? Ab
kya?"

I replied "Ab sirf pyar" I hugged her and started kissing her wildly.

She was also breathing heavily and kissing me. I then took her to the floor bed.
I was kissing on her neck, below the ears and she was moaning Ahaaaa  oooooo.
What u doing plzzz.

I told her that I am making love. Then I moved toward her breasts. Let me
describe her figure. She was about 23 years old with a sexiest body, she has app
36-28-36 figure and her height must be 5' 4". Her body was strong and hot. She
was as usual wearing maxi.

I was moving my hand on the back of her body. I pressed her ass with firm hands.
She said "Jyada jor se nahin, dard hota hai.

Phir mujhe yaad aaya ke uska flesh kitna soft hai. Main ne tab usse aankhon
ankhon me chodai ke liye puchha to usne sharma kar nazaren nichi karke hami bhar
di. Maine us se kaha ke agar sharmana hai to main jata hoon. Usne jhat se mera
haath pakar liya aur mujhe manane lagi. Maine apni jibh ko uske muh me dal diya
our uske hothon ka ras pine laga.

I drive my right hand down to her boobs which I touched lot more times in my
dream and started pressing it. She got aroused fully by that and she told me to
take off her maxi. I was kissing her red lips very passionately and then
disclose her maxi. OHHHH! What a sexy body that was. I was kissing her from head
to toe.

AS she started moaning, she opened my shirt and pant hurriedly and then I
unhooked her bra and kissed lot to her back. Her huge pair of voluptuaries'
hooters is in front of me and I asked her size of it. She told 38d. Can you
believe it? I was squeezing her tits and nipples are got red by squeezing. She
was moaning like that Aaaahh aaahhhh ooffff suck me off. Suck my melons I love
you.

I was so aroused and then I opened her panty so hurriedly that it produces some
noise. Then I was on her belly circling her navel and she pressed my head so
firmly. After that I come down to her red pussy and it was wet enough by then. I
started to lick her juice and insert my tongue into her pussy. Now she was
moaning like a hell. Aaahhhh  ooofffff  oooohhh  my husband is really done
nothing to me and myself is dying for some fuck! Oh god you are great, fuck me,
suck me aaaahhh  aaaaaiiiiiii.

That day I felt that no body other than her can have such soft pussy. I then
started finger fucking her and made her wilder. She the undressed me and holding
my fully erected dick of 7" long she said "Bahut shaandar hathoda hai. Is se
meri bur to nahin phat jayegi.

I told her not to worry as I would take care of it. She then sat on floor and
took my dick in her mouth.

Oh! It was a horrible experience. I was feeling my self in heaven. We then
moved in 69 positions. I paced my head in between her two thighs and started
sucking pussy. She was also sucking my dick. The flesh of her pussy was so soft
that I was feeling having cream in mouth. Suddenly her head get leaned back and
lips of her pussy got tensed and she was moaning louder she has cummed. She
opened my inner and started to play with my huge cock. She was pinching on my
red cap, licking the balls and kissing the cock very affectionately. Then
suddenly she gulped my cock and started to suck it. It was my very first
experience and fucking. Anyway I was moaning a lot and caught her long hair
firmly as she was doing up and down her head madly. Ooooohhhhh It was great
feeling. As her sucking getting so fast and was about to unload I told her to
stop a bit.

She then moved toward my chest. She tried to suck my nipples. After a few
minutes we again started playing. Then she told me "Ab nahin, please jaldi se
chodo."

Phir us ne apne dono pairon ko uper ki taraf uthaya. Main ne ek takiya uske hip
ke niche rakh diya. I then placed my cock on the love hole and pushed it slowly.
By the time pussy was wet enough. As it was my first sex encounter I got hurt in
my first attempt.

Despite the wetness her pussy was so tight & my dick was so strong that it got
scratches on it. It pained me a lot but sense of fucking my dream lady was so
strong that the pain got disappeared. First I maintained a slow speed but after
I got relief in pain I increased my speed.

After 10 to 15 minutes of wild fucking I at once took my cock from pussy she
cried "Nahin abhi nahin aur chodo."

I took her in my arms and told now it is your turn, "Ab tum chodo."

I told her to sit on my cock and fuck me off. She obeyed my order and she gone
up to my thigh and sit there by directing my huge cock which is lubricated by
its own juice to her red hole. She started fucking me and she is moving up and
down slowly and her huge melons were bouncing like a restless ball. Now I am
feeling so good that I forget my all the pain and I am moving my hips from
bottom with her rhythm. It is producing some great sound and we both breathing
heavily. I was trying to touch her boobs and nipples and squeezing them and she
was moaning now also.

Aaahh  aahhh  ooohhhh we were both moaning loudly and chap-chap sound has
aroused. Now she is moving very fast and I am watching how my cock has been
eaten by that triangle. Her boobs were bouncing gorgeously and can you imagine
that that 36d sized boobs are jumping in front of your face. I was really
getting more and more mad and I pulled her boobs to my chest and she was kissing
me a lot like lover. I was pressing her tits and sucking another.

Her nipples were really big than normal size. In the meantime we both were ready
for final finishing. I then told her to be in doggy style. She bent on her knees
I then put my dick on her love hole and started in a high speed and it continued
till she said that she has now tired but it was not my end. I told her that I
have not finished yet. She then leaves my lips and up again on my cock and
started up and down very rapidly like vibrator machine. Uuuufffff still I
can't believe it!

Now we both were got tensed and breathing heavily as we approaching unload by
each other she was moaning very loudly and up and down her hips hugely as I also
at the same rhythm with her. After a hectic chudai for 45 minutes we both cummed
and our tools have got a good bath of each other's cum. Now we have no power to
get up, so we laid on the bed for a few minutes. When I told her that this was
my first fucking she was not ready to believe the fact. We both slept in one
other's arm. By the time it was already 12.15 am. We again had similar fucking
early in the morning.

I then took the secret way to my flat giving her a wild kiss. She told me that
she had not experience such type of enjoy in fucking by his husband. I was in
that flat for about 4 & 1/2 years and enjoyed all possible nights in fucking.
One day she told me that her husband had been transferred to Mumbai and she has
to shift. But before shifting she gave me every day twice fucking. She was a
nice lady & I always wish good luck to her.

One more thing I want to confess that her second child was due to my efforts.
Lastly I want to disclose the fact that the girl whom I saved from gundas is now
my lovely wife and I am enjoying every night good fucking.



