It was mere days after The Angel Child had been retrieved from Kansas. The Cirq had heaved its load of travelers to another town in the middle of nowhere, the camp sprawling and buzzing with the sights and sounds of the show. All of the performers were busy getting ready to strut their stuff when the sound of a tiny wail broke the spell and every man, woman, and child began to search for the source of the noise.

I was the first one to find him; of course with my enhanced senses I could follow the little one's emotions. He was a swaddled bundle hidden behind the bleachers in the main tent. Immediately it became obvious that this child had been abandoned, for not a soul was in sight. His miraculous skin drew my attention immediately. A ray of sun filtered through the tent's opening, a thin stream peaking in from where I entered, spilling its warmth onto the babe. The child calmed and reached his little hand toward the light, his fingers shimmering like green glitter. He was covered in scales and upon closer inspection I noted that something in his tiny body must produce a chemical that caused his dark tufts of hair to have a tint of green in the sunlight. It was then that I caught his eyes, dark and warm, the color of molten chocolate. He cooed up at me and that was the moment that Adam burst into the tent.

Somehow I had enough time to hide, and from the bleachers I watched the scene before me.

…

Adam walked slowly over to the wriggling mass of blankets, his ginger hair looking almost blonde in the streaming sunlight. He watched the emerald hand intently and then squatted beside the bundle to peer into the baby's face. Even with his massive strength Adam was gentle as he brushed a tender hand across the infant's cheek. The boy smiled up at him showing off toothless gums, very pink in contrast to the surrounding display of green skin.

"Hi," Adam said softly as he picked up the swaddled infant and cradled him in his arms.

The baby gurgled and nuzzled his face into Adam's chest. Carefully, Adam carried the little one to his parents' tent and when his father saw the boy, he realized they'd gained another child in the space of a week.

…

That was how our Kristopher came into the fold. He was a sweet child and as a toddler he was never lacking similar company. Though he and Tommy looked drastically different, the children never seemed to notice and played for hours on end together.

During that time Adam spent many afternoons playing with Kris and Tommy and teaching them as they grew. It was quite adorable to watch because no matter where Adam was in the room Kris' eyes always trained on him and funnily enough, the first word that Kristopher spoke was 'Adam.'

Kristopher was also another bright spot in Longineu and Joan's lives. The thinker of the bunch, he soon developed into a very inquisitive youth, much to Longineu's dismay. The little chatterbox needed to know why the grass was green, why the sky was blue, and anything and everything about the people of The Cirq; ironically enough he never questioned why he didn't look like everyone else. Well by everyone else I mean not green, not to say that the others were normal.

The years passed quickly and all too soon Kris had grown to be a handsome young man. At ten he and his brothers joined The Cirq, and it was also long about this time that Kristopher hit puberty. Young it seemed in human terms but we'd learned by then that Kris was hitting milestones way sooner than most children.

With puberty came an entirely new problem for the sweet scaly boy. The new hormones coursing through his body molded him into a beautifully sculpted masterpiece, but with his toned physique came consequences. Something in those hormones also reacted with his shedding process. From the time he was a tiny baby Kris shed regularly, depending on how much he grew. Some years he shed almost weekly while during others he went up to a month before the itch of renewal began.

In his tenth year when his growth spurt left him short but looking far more like a man, the itch started anew. It would be the first night of many where something went wrong.

…

His skin prickled, too dry to the touch and he knew it was time. His body felt heavy and weak so he retreated to his tent before the process took him over.

He'd barely made it inside and settled onto his cot when the scales around his forehead began to detach. It almost felt like they were crawling down his cheeks but when he'd slithered against the rough blankets, his face was free and he breathed a sigh of relief. The shedding over his face had always been the most difficult because of his eyelids and the feeling that his eyes were going to be pulled out of his head as the skin traveled down around them. He lay there for several moments before the tingling began again causing him to writhe, not in pain exactly, but in discomfort as his arms were freed of their scaly prison. Then the tingling stopped.

This was new, he thought to himself, panting softly. Shedding was such an exhausting process and he was used to being able to rest as his body completed the process. And then he felt it: pain. Something was wrong, as if his body was knitting the dead skin in place just below his nipples. Pinpricks stabbed him like a thousand needles being shoved through him all at once, trying desperately to reach his internal organs. He screamed, the wail piercing the otherwise still night, the soft lamplight reflecting the tears streaming over his terrified features. Overwhelming fear and pain consumed him as he continued to howl, his eyes clenching shut.

He felt a cool hand and jumped in shock. Kris' eyes shot open to see a bleary Adam, his inky black hair tousled over his head. His mouth was moving and it wasn't until Kris finally stopped screaming that Adam's voice reached his ears.

"Shh," Adam cooed, combing his fingers through Kris' hair soothingly. "What's the matter?"

"I-I… umm I'm stuck," Kris snuffled weakly, indicating the skin at his chest with one arm.

"I'll help you, but it might hurt so just bare with me, okay?" Adam's voice was calm, completely in contrast with the worried look on his face.

Kris nodded and watched as Adam brushed a finger experimentally over the line of tightened skin before carefully breaking the bond that was preventing the shedding. When it was severed, he used that opening to run his finger around Kris' chest and back, Kris rolling to accommodate the process. Soon the skin was loose again and Adam tugged gently as Kris lay limp on the cot, allowing Adam to finish his shed.

After the final pieces of skin left his toes, Adam discarded the thin sheet of green and sat down beside him.

"Is that better?" He stroked a gentle hand from Kris's chest down to his bare hip.

Kris gasped, eyes fluttering, and Adam quickly jerked away.

"No, it's okay, thank you. It doesn't hurt anymore, my body is just sensitive, and I'm kinda tired. I don't know what went wrong. That's never happened before." Kris yawned as he looked up at Adam's angel kissed face.

"I don't know, but as long as you're okay now I guess I'll let you sleep." Adam smiled at the feel of Kris' arms wrapping him in a hug, and when he released his hold Adam rose to leave.

"Love you Adam." Kris' voice sounded small, but the emotion was there. He could see Adam tense in the soft light so he knew Adam had heard him, but the larger man walked out of the tent without a word.

…

This was the first of many nights over the next several years that Kris' cries brought Adam running to his side, and all of the encounters seemed to repeat the first. Each time I watched as Kris' nude form reacted to Adam's gentle touch, the fresh green skin sensitive to every brush of Adam's fingers. The end was always the same as well, with Adam walking from Kris' tent seemingly defeated, leaving Kris alone, aroused, and too exhausted to do anything about it.

The day after, however, was a different story. Anytime I heard Kris wail into the darkness I knew I would be spending the following morning in his tent. Call me an old perverted fairy if you want to, but at ten Kris had the physique of a man and god did he ever know how to work himself over.

I was always entranced with the sun drifting in through the small gap Kris left open in the tent to allow fresh air. It was like that ray embraced his body, his new skin a brighter green, and the shimmering effect looked like millions of stars in a moonless sky. He was beautiful.

The morning after the shedding incident with Adam, Kris discovered himself for the very first time.

…

Kris' eyes fluttered open, his sight fuzzy from sleep and the bright splash of sunlight heating his chilled skin. He relied on the steady stream of warmth to give him the energy to go about his day, but on this particular morning of lazy basking Kris noticed the beauty of his own matured form.

He placed a hand on his chest; his fingertips confirming how soft, smooth, and supple his freshly shed skin was. That gentle touch sent a shiver down his spine as he let his hand drift curiously to his abdomen. Kris shut his eyes, really taking in the extra sensations. Each brush of his fingertips was like a million caresses at once and when they reached the soft tuft of tinted green hair at the base of his cock, he gasped. The hair felt silky, but his body was more focused on the spark of pleasure that shot through him when his knuckles swept across his morning wood.

Kris opened his eyes, dark and fixated on his cock. His length strained against his stomach and twitched, but what he noticed was the fluid leaking copiously from the slit, causing his cock to shimmer with a deeper emerald due to the wetness. One finger drifted through the small pool of liquid and slid easily down his shaft. It took everything in Kris' body to keep his hips still. He knew erections sometimes felt interesting, but it had never occurred to him to do this. Up until now they had been an inconvenience, but the shedding seemed to make his body burn with needs he didn't understand, and they all centered around the hard flesh now trapped in his curling fingers.

With each swipe of his hand over the head of his dick the movement was smoother, and soon Kris' fist was a blur, his hips writhing up into his hand. Faster and faster until the pressure built to a level he was sure would cause his dick to explode, and explode it did. When the tension broke his cock pumped rope after thick rope of his cum onto his stomach as he moaned and whimpered.

His body went slack as he finally looked at the mess on his stomach. "It's almost green too. I should have known." He laughed to himself, drew a finger through his seed and brought it to his lips. Tongue darting out and wrapping around his coated finger, Kris sampled his own body's essence.

…

That was the beginning of a long friendship between Kris and his hand. It would still be a couple of years before Tommy went through puberty and so Kris somehow held in his little secret until Tommy caught up.

However this fairy ain't complaining. It led to many voyeuristic experiences for me, and when Tommy finally got into the masturbation game, those boys became a really pretty pair to watch.

I'd never really thought about the repercussions of the fact that Kris had a forked tongue until the first time he kissed Tommy, and well from there it was all down hill in the innocence department. Much to my delight might I add!

…

Emerald lips captured moist pink ones as a green hand cupped an alabaster cheek. They lay tangled, the oppressive heat going unnoticed. It was Kris who finally slithered hesitantly down Tommy's lithe form. Up until this point Kris had brought Tommy off using just his hands, so this was a new experience. He found his head level with Tommy's erection. A beautiful cock, long and thick and straining against Tommy's stomach, and Kris took a moment just to admire it. The leaking flushed head, the vein that tracked down to the base, and his balls resting heavily between his thighs.

"Beautiful," Kris whispered softly as he nuzzled Tommy's dick with his cheek. He could feel the wetness left behind and breathed in deeply, taking in Tommy's rich, spicy scent.

Tommy whimpered, his shimmering, iridescent wings thrumming with energy and pleasure. Each pearl-like feather shone in a unique and delicate hue, and together they burst with a rainbow of shades. Kris' tongue shot out to taste the collected fluid in Tommy's slit.

"Krisssssss," he hissed.

Kris just smiled and wrapped his long tongue around Tommy's cock just below the head. The Angel Child's hips jerked and Kris carefully guided Tommy's cock into his mouth. Due to his interesting features Kris could keep his tongue where it was as he moved his head up and down, and soon Tommy was an incoherent mess, his fingers tangled tightly in Kris's hair.

With each bob of his head Kris discovered that his hips followed, and he ground them down into the sheets while Tommy's moans grew louder and louder until Kris felt his mouth fill with warmth. One more swallow and he was grinding hard into the softness, desperately trying to gain enough friction to release, but it was Tommy's hand to the rescue.

Warm fingers curled around Kris' aching length and soon he was humping Tommy's hand while continuing to brace himself at Tommy's midsection. "Come on Kris," Tommy purred, and with a final thrust Kris sunk his teeth into the delicious flesh at Tommy's hip to muffle the moans as his cock pumped its thick liquid all over Tommy's hand, his own stomach, and the cot where they lay.

Finally he collapsed, releasing Tommy's skin from his teeth and panting.

"God that was…" Kris sighed.

"Like a trip to Oz," Tommy laughed, indicating the green tinted seed coating his fingers.

…

And that, my friends, is your last peak into the past. With this tale you can see the threads that wove together to form an epic love between three young men who'd grown up as family.

Maybe if I can manage to find my fairy dust I'll cook up the story of when I finally revealed myself to the boys, but I'm pretty sure I've got some other mischief to get into at the moment. Sounds as if the boys are getting started and goodness knows I can't miss the opportunity even after all these years to be the invisible fly on the wall, if you will.