Guy Coffin 
Nurse
by
JSR


I continued my relationship with Lynda Fortune. At home I now had Alma with two kids, Mable with twin, and another on on the way. Sandra, Gloria and Sally were still on the pill, but I was fucking all 5 of them. Lynda, I was fucking when I had the chance, and we were getting closer and closer. I was trying not to use my powers on this teacher, and have her want to be with me just because she wanted to, but if I have to I will use them.

With Kami gone, i had more time at lunch time with Lynda, and one day as I locked the door, I said, Lynda, take off your bra and panties and throw them out the window. She looked at me kind of funny, and ask, Are you serious? I said, Yes, I am. I want you to go with out them from now on. You are telling me not to wear any panties and bra's, even to school? I said, Yes, and I want you to start wearing shorter skirts, and deep v necklines. Why, for heavens sakes? I said, Just because I ask you to. That should be reason enough. Do you want me to loose my job? No, I said, but if you did then you could live with my family. Are you asking me to get permanently involved with you? I said, For the last year, minus the summer, you and I have been getting along very well, and to put it crudely, I enjoy fucking you very much, I would not mind if you got pregnant with my child, in fact I would love it.

Lynda, trying to make up excuses for herself, tripped herself up when she said, I love you, but. Did I really say that? Yes, my love, I answered, You just admitted that you do love me. But, I I I Are you now going to say you did not mean it? Even if you do, I know better. Now please do as I ask. She thought for a minute and looked at me and said, If you love me, why would you want people to see my breasts and crotch? I do love you, and I want people to know that I have you and they can't. I want you to get pregnant, and leave this job, and live with me and my harem.

Oh, so now you have a harem, do you? Certainly, doesn't all red blooded boys want one? Well I have one, and I want you as part of it. You really expect me to believe that? I said, My love, take off those panties, and bra, and tomorrow at noon time, I will prove it to you. In other words, you are telling me that if I take off my panties and bra today, tomorrow you will prove that you have a harem, and want me to be part of it, Lynda ask? Exactly, I answered. I am going to call your bluff, she said, as she removed her panties, and threw them out the window. She then took off her blouse, then her bra, and threw it out the window. Putting her blouse back on, she said, I will even not wear any tomorrow, but you had better have the proof here at lunch time. With that, I said, It will be. Then I took her in my arms and kissed her deeply, and said, You made me use up to much time on that discussion and now I only have time to kiss you before I have to go to my next class. I squeezed her tits, as I was leaving. The look on her face was priceless.

LUNCH TIME NEXT DAY

As the class was breaking for lunch, Gloria and Sally arrived at the room. I and Sandra, were already there. Once the room cleared out except for the 5 of us, I closed and locked the door. I looked at the girls and said, Lynda wants to ask some question of you three. Lynda looked at me and then the girls and said Sandra, your friend, and you two girls, your brother told me a very fishy story yesterday, and I guess you are here to prove it is true. My question is: does Guy really have a harem? I know it is a strange question, but it needs to be answered, here in private. Sandra, said, Yes, he does, I am the fifth member to join, and pledge my life and body to him for as long as he shall want me. Gloria said, I was the first to make that pledge to him. Sally said, I was the fourth to pledge my life and body to him. Lynda then ask, Who are the other two? Everyone looked at me, so I said, Do you remember that Mable (sorry my mom) had twins with her at conference time? Yes, they were very cute. I said, They are not my brother and sister exactly, they are also my son and daughter. Also, Sallies mother (Alma) has two sons that are mine. Any other questions before you meet them this evening?

Lynda looked at all three of the girls, and ask Is this really true, or are you making it up for my benefit? Sandra said, At conference time, did you not wonder why Mable, and not my parents were discussing me with you? Since the day you started teaching here, Both Guy and myself have been trying to get you into the harem. We love you so much, and want you to join us in our very happy and unusual life style. 

Lynda then took another tract. Looking at the three girls, she then ask, if this is true, then why haven't you three girls gotten pregnant? Sally spoke up and said, We wanted to, but Guy made us go the pill so that we could finish school before we started having his kids. We do not like it, but it is probably for the best, at least Mable and Alma seem to think so. And what about you, Sandra? Same answer, however sometime in the next couple of months, I will go off the pill. If I get pregnant, the baby would not be born until after I graduate.

I may be crazy, but I think I almost believe you. Ok so what time do I show up at your home tonight? I said, Any time after school, but before 5pm. Please cum. The three girls also said, Please come, we want you to very much. I will be there. Lynda said.

At home, I told Mable and Alma that we would be having a guest for supper and they both said at the same time Lynda. I said, Yes, she knows only that I have a harem and that the babies are mine, we will need to nudge her into becoming a member, but I don't think it will be much of a nudge. Sandra said, I think after seeing how we get along, she will be happy to join us, especially if we let her know that she will be home schooling the kids. She really loves teaching, and is very good at it.

Sally ask, How do we meet her, with or without clothing? Sandra said, My opinion is that we make like usual. She will have to learn to live with us, and should start out knowing how we live, with out sugar coating. I really believe she will join us tonight. Her questions at school today, were very good, and she seemed pleased with the answers. I hope I did not step on anyone's toes with my answer, if so please forgive me. Mable said, As the future woman of the house, your opinion is worth listening to, and I fully agree with what you said about our meeting her.

Lynda arrived about 5 minutes before 5. I answered the door, nude as usual. She gasped when she saw me and said, Are you not dressed yet? I answered, Certainly, this is the uniform of the day, every day in this house. Please come on in. Since you you are a guest this time, you have the option of disrobing, or not. Everyone is in the living room waiting for your arrival. It is meet and greet time. I showed her into the living room, and everyone said Welcome to our harem. I had her sit on the love seat next to me, which faced the rest of the group, who were on the couch. The babies were in bed, and Mable was having trouble getting comfortable, with her pregnant belly.

Mable said, to Lynda, Guy is really nuts about you. Sandra also thinks very highly of you. If you would be more comfortable, you are welcome to remove your clothing. It is not required now, because you are a guest. We as family are bound to be nude in and around the house. I understand that Guy has told you that my twins, and the one I am carrying are his. Alma also has two boys that are his also. Everyone here is very loving, and helpful. Sure we have our little spats as all people do, but they never last long. If you are wondering why I am doing all the talking, it is because at this time, I am the woman of the house. We have met before, at school, but this time we can get to know each other better. You can ask questions of any one of us, and we will answer just as honestly as we can. If we catch one of the sister wives in a lie, there is hell to pay, so we mostly tell the truth. Now what can we tell you, or what do you want to tell us?

I don't know where to begin, Lynda said. Start from the beginning, where you first met him, and go from there, said Mable. Lynda said, I met Guy and Sandra the first day I taught at this school. They were both in my class, and both had perfect scores across the board in my book, that the old teacher had left for me. Needing some help grading papers, I was told that I could have one of the better students help, but I could only use one, so I ask to see both of them. When I explained what I needed, Guy said, we could alternate weeks, but Sandra, declined saying that she had other things she had to do. As we worked to together at lunch time, we would make small talk. It eventually developed into a romantic relationship, which I was afraid the school would find out about, so I had Guy come to my apartment, and we would hide his bike so no one would know he was there. We became intimate, and I think both of us really enjoyed what we were doing. After being away for the summer vacation, I could not wait to get back and see Guy. We resumed our relations. Then yesterday, at lunch, with the door to our room locked, Guy ask me to take off my panties and bra and throw them out the window.

A discussion ensued, and without even realizing it, until after I said it, I told Guy that I loved him. He then said if you really do, do as I asked you to do. With that, I removed  the garments, and threw them out the window. I hope the janitor did not find them, because they had my name inside the bra, (a story for a later time), she said. Sandra spoke up and said, You mean these, and held up the garments. How did you get them, she ask Sandra. Sandra said, I was down below the window waiting for them. I knew that he would talk you out of them, and we did not want to get you in trouble.

After I did that, he ask me about becoming a member of his harem. I of course did not believe him, so today at lunch time he had the three girls come to my room, and talk to me about it. That's why I am here now, to find out more. Sandra said, Lynda, I see that you are fidgeting quite a bit. Surly you would be more comfortable if you were nude like the rest of us. If you want to remove your clothing now it is all right. I am feeling very overdressed, so I think I will take you up on that. She then stood, and took off her blouse, and skirt. She was nude at that point. She looked at Guy and said, See I did what you told me to do. I do love you very much.

How does this work about sex, Lynda ask? Sally spoke up and said, Let me answer that one. Each night, Guy sleeps with a different one of us. He goes in age order, so I am always last. Now and then he will take a couple of days off just so he can fully recharge. Usually on those days he leaves and goes who knows where. If one of us is having a period during our night with him, we just cuddle, or sometimes have anal sex.

I see, so every woman gets the same amount of attention. I can see that, that would make everyone happy. But adding one more will cut down on the number of times a month you get to be with him. Alma spoke up and said, One day every so often does not make much difference. When I was married, we would go weeks without sex. At least this way I know when the next time will be. And as I am sure you know already, he is worth waiting for! All right, but what about sleeping arrangements? Gloria said, Each of us girls have our own room. When it is our turn, Guy comes to our room. Sometimes we close the door, and sometimes we leave it open. It is not uncommon to have a couple of us girls watching Guy and who ever he is banging. Guy usually leaves that up to us.

What about housekeeping and finances, Lynda ask? Alma spoke and said, As female head of the house, Mable assigns cleaning and household jobs. She does most of the cooking, I, Sally and Gloria, take turns doing the laundry, and we all try to clean up and problems when they occur, rather than letting them build up. I take care of the finances. I don't know how your are, but when you join this harem, they will be integrated with those of the rest of us. We are financially stable, so we don't worry to much about costs, unless they get extreme, and then Guy will step in and settle any problems. So far everything is working out great.

Lynda said, What about the children? Mable said, Each mother is responsible for her children, but we all look after them. Say for instance if Alma is gone somewhere, and one of her boys is hungry, I will feed him, and she will feed mine if I am not available. When there is extra milk, Guy loves to suck us dry. We will not be weening the babies, but will allow them to breast feed for as long as they want, while also teaching them how to eat proper meals. We all take turns taking care of them, even Gloria and Sally take turns watching them.

When I join, what will my duties be? I spoke up and said, You will be the family teacher. You will home school the children. We will be slowly moving you in with us over the rest of the school year, but you will be sleeping here starting tonight. And since tonight was to be Sandra's night, it will be yours, because you are older than she is. She will be moved to tomorrow night.

Wait a minute, I didn't say I was joining, or did I? Your last question was and I quote When I join, what will my duties be? End quote. Just as yesterday your mind is taking over your body, and telling on you. Welcome to my harem, now all you have to do is to swear the oath.

Lynda said, What if I don't want to swear an oath? Alma said, It does not make any difference, the oath was just added for the comfort of the girls. They are the ones who started it, and Mable and I just went along with it. All right, what is the oath, and I will take it. I am going all the way, I don't want to take a chance of loosing Guy. Gloria and Sally took Lynda into the corner and talked to her for a few minutes, and when they came back, Lynda said, I Lynda Fortune, do hereby swear that I will love Guy, have his children and anything else he tells me to do, from now until I am no more. I will further work with my sister wives to have a great family.

I said Lynda, come here. When she got over to me, I stood, and kissed her soundly, I turned her around to face the others, and had on hand on each tit, I said, My lovely, loving ladies, I present you with our newest addition. Treat here as you treat each other, with love kindness and respect. Lynda, I expect you to treat your sister wives with love kindness and respect. Gloria will help you pick out a room, and when you have, she will come back and everyone is going to watch your first fuck as part of the harem.

Lynda said, That makes me nervous, I have never been fucked with an audience before. Gloria said, Just put us out of your mind, and concentrate on Guy, and try to keep the orgasms coming as much as possible. He will be doing most of the work, and but why am I telling you, you have been fucking him probably more than I have. Just don't think of us being here, imagine that the two of you are on a deserted island, and you will do great. He has told us that you are as good as any of us, and we all know what he can do to you. Welcome to my brothers harem, and I hope you get pregnant very soon. We need more little ones around here. I love playing with them, and I hope that I can be as good a mother as Mable, and Alma are.

Lynda said one quick question why do you and he call your mom Mable, and Sally calls her mom Alma? It was Guy's idea, it makes us one family, and everyone equal. While I do what Mable tells me, as I get older, I will not feel that I have to bow down to her. In almost all respects, we are equal, just as you and I are. I will of course call you Miss Fountain at school, but I will call you Lynda here.

Mable had a Dr.'s appointment, and ask me to take time from school to go with her, which I did. At the Dr.'s office, there was a nice looking young nurse taking blood pressure, and height, weight, etc. Mable was talking to her and introduced me as her son. She said, this is the man I have been talking to you about. I looked at Mable with a puzzled look on my face, and she put her fingers up to her lips, indicating silence. When we were left alone in the examination room, Mable said, I have been making inquiries into her work here, and she is very well thought of. I have been trying to pave the way, for you to see if she would make a good nurse for the harem. But you need to take it from here, I cannot do any more, without raising some eyebrows. I suggest that you ask her out.

When the Dr. came in, the nurse and I waited outside. We chit chatted a little while and finally I ask, Could I interest you in going to a movie with me Saturday evening? She looked a little closer at me and ask, How old are you? I replied, How old do I look? She said, I would guess you to be about 20. I said close enough. Well, she said, if you don't mind si-fi movies, there is one playing this week end that I would like to see. I love si-fi movies, I said, Where can I pick you up? She answered just meet me at the Rockaway theater at about 5:25. I said, How will I recognize you without your uniform? Don't worry, I will remember you. I said, It's a date, see you about 5:25 Saturday at the Rockaway theater.

About that time the Dr. called her in. I learned that her name was Lynn, which I had forgotten to ask her. I guess I could have read her mind, but I try not to do that with people I don't know, or have no real reason to do so. Especially when that person might be a candidate for my harem. Even is she is not right for us, she might know of a nurse that is, and also maybe have some insight as to a physiologist. 

Saturday evening, I met Lynn at the Rockaway theater. She wanted to set in the center of the theater, but I got her to sit nearer to the back, but not as far back as I wanted. I has seen this film several times, and it was a good one, but I was more interested in Lynn than the film. I did have my arm around her, and she was resting her head on my shoulder. Since her whole attention was focused on the film, I decided to do a little peaking into her mind. I found that she was first in her class at nursing school, and had only been working for this doctor for a few weeks. I also learned that she and her sister were all that remained of their family. Both parents and two brothers perished in a house fire. Her sister was driving in from where she had just finished her Dr. degree, with pediatrics as a specialty. She would be in town in a few days. This made me do some hard thinking. If I could get both of them, we then would have both a Dr. and a nurse, that could get along. All I would have to do is figure a way to talk both of them into joining the harem.

After the film, we went to a restaurant for a light snack. While there, I questioned her about her family, and she told me about loosing two brothers, and her parents in a house fire. She also told me about her sister, who was coming home from school as a Dr., but still had to take her State Board exam, to obtain her license to practice medicine.

Having read her mind somewhat, I was able to pry out of her the details of her outlook on life, as well as a little incite into her sisters as well. Both ladies, wanted to work, but also wanted to have several children, but neither one wanted to get married. I said, jokingly, I can can give the children to you and your sister. Lynn said, I just bet you will try. Given a chance, I sure would, I said. The way that Lynn said that, intrigued me. I decided to let her know about my harem, as I could later block it out of her mind if she did not become a member, and I would block her from being able to tell anyone for now.

Since we were drinking coffee, she would know it was not a drunken fantasy, but would probably take it as a joke, so I said, If you and/or your sister join my harem, we could have a great time producing those babies you and she want. Lynn said, You have a harem? How many girls are in it? A wife and daughter? I said No, no wife yet, but 6 women ranging in age from 16 to 36. You met one of them the other day, when I met you at the Dr.'s office.

I met your mother there, are you trying to tell me that you are the father of her baby? Yes, I am the father of this baby and another one she had about 18 months ago. I also have two from her best friend. My girl friend will become my wife once we graduate, and by then she should be pregnant. I also have two younger girls who will become mothers, after they get out of school. There is also another one who is a teacher, who will also have my kids. I would like to have you and your sister, so that our babies will have the best of care, and also so that I can also give the two of you the kids you want without being married.

She said, Why do I get the feeling that you are not making up this story? Because it is true! And just when am I going to meet this harem? I answered, Not until you decide to join. We all live together, and have a great relationship. Also you will have to swear never to reveal to anyone anything about it. If this is all true, you are taking a big chance by telling me about it. I could tell a lot of people about it, now that you have told me. I smiled and said, I know that you will never tell anyone! How can you be sure, she ask? I said, First, no one would believe you, and second I don't think you would reveal anything said to you in confidence.

Lynn then said, Assuming all of this is true, how about you coming to my apartment, and prove to me that you can deliver in the sex department? I called the waiter over and paid the check, then took hold of Lynn's hand and said Lead me to your bed. Once out of the restaurant, Lynn stopped and said, Are you really serious? I said, You issued me a challenge, so it is time for me to prove that I can do what I said. Also, it is time to ask you a couple of questions (I already knew the answers from reading her mind). First, if you expect me to use a condom, forget it. I never use them. And second, I am assuming that you are not on the pill, or other birth control devices, are you?

How did you know that I wanted you to use a condom, because I am not on any type of birth control and use no internal devices either? I just guessed by your attitude, and you will have to take your chances without a condom. She took my hand and started walking. I asked where we were going, and she answered, To my apartment, where else would I take you to fuck me? And I will take my chances, I would like to get pregnant before my sister does.

Once in her apartment, I slowly stripped Lynn, with a lot of touching, squeezing and kissing. Once I had her nude, she disrobed me, and said, lets get to fucking! I said, I don't just fuck my ladies, I make love to them each and every time. I will do no less for you. With that, I started french kissing her. I took my time and by the time I was ready to fuck her, she had given me an excellent blow job, and she had cum three or four times. 

As my cock split her pussy for entrance, she had another organism. I slowly slid deeper and deeper into her birth canal. I was very close to her cervix, as putting just a little more weight on her, I could feel it slightly with my cock head. As I sped up my stroking, I would feel her cervix on each stroke. I held off as long as I could, and she kept having orgasms, each one seemed to be a little stronger than the last. When I could hold off any longer, I slammed into her and laid there as my cock pumped my balls dry. I then just laid down on top of her, and kissed her again while I played with her nipples, until my cock came out of her.

We both slept for a short time, and when we were both awake, she said, If you can do that to me every time, I will join your harem, and if you have made me pregnant, I will guarantee that my sister will also. I have never been fucked that way before, and it was great. Now how does this harem of yours work?

I explained how the harem was set up, and that she could never tell anyone, not even her sister about it. I said that when the time comes, I will tell your sister about it. Also if your sister joins, I will set up a small office for her to practice in, and you will work there with her, but you both will be responsible for the health of all your sister wives, and all the babies and children of the harem. Lynn said, I will guarantee that Janis will join. If you have trouble with her, I can fix it for you. How is that. I ask? She answered, Even thought Janis is older than I am, she has always done just as I told her. I see no reason why she will not continue to do so.

I said, I will take you to see the harem, but you will stay in this apartment until Janis gets here, and then when she joins us, the two of you will start living in our homes. Lynn said, What do you mean by homes? That is plural. I said, We own two large homes, that sit side by side. One I want to turn into a maternity ward for my ladies. I am sure that there will be a time that more than one will be ready to give birth at a given time. This house then also can be used to house some of the adults and children now and then if they are ill and need to stay inside. 

We also have a teacher to home school the children. Each of the girls, 13 or older (or when they enter puberty) when they get to that age, will be put on the pill, and will join the rotation. The boys, when they start producing sperm, will also be added, and will take their turns fucking all the ladies. At age 18 the boys and girls will have the option of staying with us, or going out on their own. If they go out on their own, they will be given a monthly allotment, for 4 years. After that, they are on their own. An adult, makes a commitment to the harem, and cannot leave, with out the approval of a majority of the adults concurring.

How soon is your sister going to arrive in town, I ask? She was going to stop along the way to do some sight seeing, but should be here with in the next week to 10 days, was the answer that Lynn gave. I then said, lets go to my house, and you will be introduced to your sister wives, and they can get to know you. You can then come back here for a few days until we get Janis into the harem. You do realize though that if she refuses, you cannot get out, with out a majority vote of the adults. Lynn said, No problem, she will join, if I have to force her, which I do not think will be necessary, especially if she knows she and I will be getting our own clinic. One other thing, I said, In the compound, you will be nude at all times, unless getting ready to go to work, or somewhere out side of the compound. This is not negotiable. It is a hard rule, and must be obeyed at all times. Is this a problem with you or your sister?

I will have to learn to cope with it, as I am mostly a shy reserved person. Janis, has always been a free spirit, so it should not bother her at all. Lets go, I am ready to meet with the harem and take my oath. It was early morning when we got home. Mable was feeding the baby while fixing breakfast for the group. In the kitchen, Mable said, Lynn, welcome to the harem, please remove your clothing. Lynn ask, Is there someplace I can go to do it? Mable answered, here we all undress in front of everyone, so no one goes anywhere to disrobe. Do it here and put your clothing in the hall closet. Lynn looked at me, and I nodded yes. She was very nervous but slowly disrobed. Once she was standing naked in front of Mable and I, Mable looked at me and said, I told you that she would be a good candidate for the harem. She then looked at Lynn and said, This is my son as you know, he is also the father of my child, and also the one I am expecting. That does not go outside of this compound.

Lynn then said, I have told Guy about my sister. She just got her Dr. degree, and is specializing in pediatrics, as I have been. I am positive that she will join this harem as well. I hope that we can be a big help to all the ladies, and babies. I am also looking forward to having some myself. My sister, like me wants several kids, but are not worried about being married. This harem will work out very nicely for us. Mable looked at me with a questioning look, and I shook my head yes.

The group was now coming down for breakfast, and were introduced to Lynn. Once everyone was there, Sally said, Lynn, you must now vow to support the harem and Guy. I will say my pledge, and you can state it for you, or say what you want to, as long as it contains most of what I say.

With that Sally said, I pledge my body to Guy, to use as he wants, for the rest of my natural live. I will also love and cherish my sister wives and our children for now and for ever. Lynn repeated word for word Sally's pledge. All of the women hugged and kissed her and welcomed her to the harem.

Lynn ask, Why is one so young teaching the pledge? Alma said, She is the one who thought up the idea of a pledge, and we have all followed her lead. I am very proud of my daughter, and cannot wait for her to get pregnant, and add some children to our group. However that will not happen until after she is out of school, just like Gloria must wait for her brother to give her a child, until she is also out of school.

Sandra said, I have just went off of the pill, as Guy and I will graduate in about 6 weeks. I hope to be pregnant when I give the Valedictorian address. Guy and I will be married the following day. With luck, you will be pregnant also. Now that we have a nurse for our children, we will have to start looking for a female psychologist.

Lynn said, Some of my sisters friends when she was doing her bachelors degree were going into psychology. It is possible that she may know someone who would be willing to join us.


The story continues in Doctor, Doctor.



