Part 12

Chris shifted in Ezra’s usual chair just outside the saloon as he scowled at his boots, settling more comfortably with his legs stretched out in front of him and crossed at the ankles. His earlier good mood was gone and he laid the blame square on Buck’s hard head. Vin was always good company, but Ezra had been surprisingly nice to shoot the breeze with too and Chris found himself missing the easy conversation they were having before Buck stuck his nose in and left Chris’ morning all shot to hell. Well, afternoon, technically. He figured it had to be getting on towards one by now.

Buck’s obstinate nosiness was mightily wearing on his nerves, even though he understood the reasons behind it. He knew Buck didn’t like the idea of two men screwing around before the conversation wandered that way, and that the idea of three would be just that much worse, but he had been so amused at Vin and Ezra that he hadn’t wanted to shut them up. He could have avoided the fight with Buck if he had said a few words to divert the conversation, or even if he had just been more careful what he said himself, but he didn’t want to have to watch what he said around Buck. He’d seldom had to keep anything from his best friend, and the realization he might have to start hiding things more often wasn’t a welcome one.

The fact he hadn’t even considered sharing his bed – or Vin! – with anyone else until Buck got so upset about the idea didn’t matter in the least. If Chris and Vin felt like screwing around with Vin’s closest friend sometime, Chris felt like that was none of Buck’s business. They weren’t going to try and get Buck to join in, so Buck had no call be so upset over it. Ezra was a grown man that knew Chris and Vin had something permanent going on between them, and Chris knew Ezra well enough to know that if anything happened the gambler wouldn’t expect any more than they wanted to offer. Ezra was the type to enjoy what he could when the opportunity presented itself and count himself lucky to have been in the right place at the right time.

Possibly screwing around with a close friend that was inclined towards such a thing was a damned sight different from the relationship between Chris and Vin, and Chris was sure Ezra had known that long before Buck did, probably even before Chris himself. Ezra could have made a play for Vin a long time ago, after all, and Vin probably would have taken him up on it as sure as he had been that Chris wasn’t interested. That Ezra never had, and had in fact encouraged Vin towards Chris, said a lot to Chris about Ezra’s motives.

No, Chris wasn’t at all worried about any problems that Ezra’s feelings for Vin or himself might cause, or vice versa. Curious, sure, but not worried. He doubted seriously that Ezra’s affections for he or Vin had changed in the last few days, and Ezra was getting along with them better than ever as far as Chris could tell. He hadn’t seen any sign that Ezra wasn’t completely happy to see them together, and as far as Chris was concerned that put Ezra firmly on his side of the fence.

The only problem that Chris could see with any of his friends at the moment was Buck, who was stubborn and annoying and just might get to meet Chris’ fist up close and personal if he kept making such an ass of himself. Nathan hadn’t seemed to notice anything worth asking about the day before at the Calhoun farm, and Josiah hadn’t commented on any changes in Chris or Vin at dinner the night before even though Chris figured he had been obvious enough Josiah would have noticed. All through that meal he kept catching himself smiling or even smirking while just watching Vin, and he knew that was such an obvious change in him that any of his friends would notice.

Chris snorted softly to himself. Hiding how he felt about Vin had never been as hard as it was going to be, and Chris knew it. The more time they spent together alone the less Chris wanted to bother with hiding how he felt the rest of the time, but he knew that was a recipe for disaster. Sure, there was no law against it in the territory – not yet anyway – but public knowledge he was fucking another man was likely to get them both hung anyway, or at least horsewhipped and run out of town. A couple of years ago the idea of being forced to leave town wouldn’t have bothered him very much, but he and Vin had put a lot of hours into their place since then.

And Chris did consider it their place, and had for a long time even though he hadn’t ever said as much to anyone before his annoyed rant at Buck’s stupidity. That was one thing Chris figured he could publicly change, since it wasn’t that unusual for two close friends to go into the horse business together. The fact they only had two horses wouldn’t seem odd until they got the place fenced in, and by then Chris figured Vin would find them some young stock to work with. He had seen Vin eying horses a few times and figured that it wouldn’t take much more than a hint for Vin to start looking for a few head that needed broke out and trained. He had seen the attention Vin paid to Blue while they were on the trail and knew that if it weren’t for Danny and Lorrie needing her more Vin would have wanted to keep her. Vin hadn’t said anything about it, but Chris figured the mare’s markings and temperament teamed up with Vin’s background to make her just about irresistible to him.

Until the fences were up, they could start by adding onto the back of the cabin like he and Vin had been planning to do as soon as the barn was done. They just had the third box stall and then the five tie stalls by the feed room left to board up when the hardware store got in their next load of lumber, and then they could move on to getting the house the way they wanted it. The second bedroom would be ‘Vin’s’ for the benefit of any nosy neighbors – Nettie, Casey, and Mary sprang to mind as being sure to appear sooner or later – and it’d be somewhere for Ezra or one of the others to stay when they didn’t feel like the long ride back to town.

Thinking about the changes he and Vin intended to make to their place helped Chris to calm down, and he finally lifted his chin to look around after a few minutes. His gaze went first to Pony and Peso, who were dozing patiently side-by-side at the hitch rail even though their reins were just tossed over it. Vin seldom bothered to actually tie Peso anywhere because the rangy gelding was perfectly capable of biting through his reins or breaking a bridle whenever he felt like it, and Chris had taken to following Vin’s example with Pony. It saved time not to have to fight with untying his horse if they needed to ride in a hurry, and Pony was no more likely to stray than Peso was. Less likely, in fact. Pony was perfectly willing to stand and snooze just as long as Chris wanted him to, but Peso would get bored after an hour or two and start looking for some trouble to get into.

Pony shifted sleepily then, his hip bumping into Peso’s, and Chris had to smile at the affronted look on Peso’s face as he swung his muzzle to nip Pony’s neck. Pony didn’t move a muscle, not at all worried, and after another nip went ignored Peso heaved a put-upon sigh and settled right back down. Peso didn’t bother moving away, letting Pony lean against him even though any other horse would have gotten a swift kick for touching him.

Chris chuckled softly at them, wondering if Peso’s reluctant tolerance for Pony was motivated more by Pony’s easy-going but determined friendliness towards Peso or by Vin’s affection for Pony and his rider. He knew Peso was loyal enough to Vin to sometimes tolerate other horses or people just to please Vin, though Peso was seldom so cheerful about it as he was when it was Pony or Chris that he was tolerating. Peso liked to pretend he’d eat Pony for breakfast if the other gelding annoyed him, but Chris knew as well as Pony did that Peso was mostly bark with only a little bite, at least towards them. Other horses and people weren’t so lucky, especially Misty and Buck for some reason, but Pony was perfectly safe with Peso despite any appearances to the contrary.

Sudden laughter from Vin inside the saloon made Chris turn his head to glance towards the door, and a tension in his shoulders that he hadn’t even realized was there eased when Buck’s laugh joined in a moment later. He wasn’t naive enough to think that everything could be fixed with Buck in such a short time, but any progress was a good thing and Buck sounded sincerely amused.

Chris shifted in his chair, smiling slightly as he began to scan the street, which was still fairly empty because of the potluck lunch the town’s ladies held at the church the first Sunday of every month. He had hoped Vin and Ezra between them could straighten Buck out and explain away whatever was riding him, and it sounded like maybe they had. He hoped so, anyway. Buck was an ass and a half when he was confused over something, and Chris’ attempts to explain had been about as helpful as trying to teach a pig to sing.

Bucklin Wilmington could be the single most hardheaded man Chris knew when he wanted to be, except for Chris himself of course. Well, him and Vin. Chris knew he was about as hardheaded as they come, but every once in a while he thought Vin just might have him beat. There wasn’t much Vin thought was worth getting stubborn over, but when he did a six horse hitch couldn’t budge him.

A very familiar paint walked out of the alley that led to the meadow behind the church then, and Chris had to laugh at the way Danny twisted in Blue’s saddle to look behind him before he grinned and gave Blue her head. Blue leapt into a gallop up the nearly empty street with her head up and ears pricked, long white tail flagged as she weaved expertly around an empty buckboard and then passed a sleepy cowboy that was riding a shaggy little buckskin in the opposite direction.

Danny was grinning happily as he clung to the mare’s back like a burr, and he didn’t sit back to pull her up until the mare was passing Pony and Peso. The geldings both moved a bit and turned their heads to watch Blue go by just as Danny said, “Whoa, girl!”

Blue planted her back feet and slid a good fifteen feet to a stop, then tossed her head and let Danny wheel her back towards the saloon in as nice a rollback as Chris had seen in a while, her ears still pricked forward. She was obviously very pleased with herself and her rider as she practically pranced back towards the saloon, and Chris was glad all over again that Lorrie decided to let Danny keep her. The paint had a lot of heart and would have been an amazing mount for Vin, but Vin did have Peso and Blue was perfect for an active boy who loved to ride and was a natural in the saddle. She had the spirit to keep up with Danny and the willingness and brains to take good care of the boy until long after he was old enough not to need it anymore.

Peso directed a sour look at Blue when Danny guided her to stop near him, shifting closer to Pony as he pinned his ears, and Chris' lips twitched. If there was one kind of horse Peso didn’t like worth a damn, it was mares. As much as Peso might act like a stallion in other ways, he had absolutely no affection for anything female as far as Chris had seen. Vin said it was because Peso spent most of his life running with a bachelor herd until he was caught and gelded, but whatever it was, Peso never tried to hide it. Any mare that got too close to him was likely to be attacked if he was loose, and even if he wasn't he would fire off a kick or two if they got in range. Even women had to watch out if they tried to walk near Peso because Peso would bite a lady as soon as look at her, as Mary had often found out.

Chris grinned at Danny, trying not to laugh at the way Blue had dismissed Peso’s annoyance with just a flick of her ear. She wasn’t at all afraid of Peso, and hadn’t been since the second night after the outlaws were killed. Peso had tried to chase Blue off of her grain, and even hobbled Blue had charged him so suddenly and violently that Peso just about fell all over himself getting out of her way. Vin had laughed himself near tears over it, and Peso’s disgruntled glare at his rider had left Chris with no doubt the mustang knew when he was being laughed at.

“Looks like you two got acquainted like I said.”

Danny nodded, beaming. “Yes sir! Ma let me take her for a ride this mornin’ early to go milk Mr. Rawlins’ cow. She’s fast and she loves to run. I never made it to Mr. Rawlins’ place so quick!”

Chris laughed. “Just don’t be pushin’ her too hard, Danny. She’s the kind of horse that’ll run herself to death if you ask it of her. She shouldn’t go all-out much more than a couple miles unless it’s an emergency.”

Danny nodded quickly, looking a bit more serious even though he was still grinning. “I’ll be careful, Mr. Larabee, I promise. I wasn’t whipping her or anything, just letting her run like she wanted to. She was sweatin’ and blowin’ a little when we got there, but I walked her good and then made sure she jogged home nice and slow to cool down.” He stretched forward to rub Blue’s neck behind her ear and the mare leaned into it, cocking her head to the side like a big dog. “Pa always said it was about three miles, so I didn’t think it would be too far to let her run however she wanted.”

“Three miles won’t hurt her as long as you're not pushin' her,” Chris agreed, smiling at how much Blue obviously enjoyed Danny’s attention. Even a day had already brought her closer to the boy, and he was sure that given a month or two Blue would be just as loyal to her rider as Pony and Peso were to theirs. “Good for her even, to keep her in shape. She’s not like that wagon mare of your ma’s, used to slow work or standin’ around doing nothing most of the time. Blue’s worked for a livin’ and she’s the kind of horse that needs exercise.”

“Preacher said that the Cheyenne and Sioux tell legends about horses like Blue,” Danny said then, looking interested and curious. “He said they call ‘em medicine hats and think they’re the best war ponies ever, but he didn’t have time to tell me any more before Ma shooed me off and said to stop pesterin’ him. Do you know anything about them, Mr. Larabee?”

“Vin’d be the one to ask about that,” Chris said, chuckling slightly. “I know one or two stories about a particular medicine hat that did something special, but not much about the legends.”

“I’ll ask him then,” Danny agreed quickly. “He knows all kinds of stuff about Indians, doesn’t he Mr. Larabee?”

“He sure does, Danny. I can’t guarantee anything about the Sioux, but there ain’t much worth knowing about the southwestern tribes that Vin can’t tell you.” Chris grinned at Danny, adding, “Providin’ you can get him in a storytelling mood. He’s pretty good at it when he wants to be, but he’s good at keepin’ his mouth shut, too.”

“Who’re we talking about?” Buck asked cheerfully, walking out of the saloon.

Chris looked up and was glad to see that Vin and Ezra were right behind Buck and that all three were looking relaxed and pleased about something. He figured that whatever had been eating at Buck was done with for the moment, and was glad that he had Vin and Ezra to handle that kind of thing for him. He sure wasn’t any good at it. “I was just tellin’ Danny here that Vin’s good at storytelling,” Chris said, grinning up at Buck. “He wants to hear the legends about medicine hats. Josiah mentioned ‘em to him and got his curiosity goin’.”

Buck laughed and moved to take a seat in one of the other chairs on the porch. “Definitely Vin’s territory. I don’t know much more about ‘em than the fact an Injun will trade everything he’s got for a paint pony marked up like that one, and maybe steal his brother’s stuff to throw in on the deal.”

Vin snickered and shifted slightly into a comfortable slouch between Chris and Ezra, who was watching and listening with amusement. “Knew a Comanche just after the war who traded his wife and a good spotted buffalo pony for a medicine hat colt barely old enough to ride. Grey Badger went around camp boastin’ about how he’d gotten the best of the deal right up until the first time he hopped on the horse. He hadn’t even got set good before that colt was leapin’ and twistin’ like a peyote-crazed jackrabbit, an’ about the third jump he left Grey Badger spinnin’ a good ten feet up in the air. That colt was hightailin’ it out of camp before Grey Badger even hit the ground an’ we never did catch him again.” He grinned suddenly. “Saw him twice since, though, runnin’ with a herd of mustang mares over Texas way, in the Palo Duro country. He’s kind of hard to forget, pure white except for black ears and a roany patch on his chest shaped kinda like a bear track.”

“Wow,” Danny said, wide-eyed. “I’m glad Blue’s nothin’ like that!”

Vin laughed. “She’d be a handful if she was even half as much of a bronc as that colt, Danny. He was a good hand shorter and built lighter, too, and still threw Grey Badger higher ’n the top of his lodge.”

Chris snickered, tipping his head back to look up at Vin. “Sounds like when Peso threw you a while back.”

Vin grinned at Chris. “A lot like that. Took Peso more work to get rid of me, though.”

Chris smirked and shook his head. “Not the way I recall it.”

Buck grinned widely as he added, “If I remember right, he sent you reachin’ for the moon after just four jumps.”

“He was leapin’ high enough I could see into the loft of the livery!” Vin protested, laughing. “If I ever find out who tied them firecrackers to his tail, they’re gonna be in for a world of hurt.”

Danny started giggling as Ezra smirked and said cheerfully, “I do believe that was our very own sheriff.”

Vin looked at Ezra, eyes widening. “Which one?”

Ezra’s smirk widened, his gaze flicking towards Buck. “I think I’ve said enough.”

“So do I!” Buck said quickly, laughing, and when Chris looked over Buck’s way he had to laugh too. Buck looked guilty as hell, but not the least bit sorry.

Vin started towards Buck. “You are dead, Wilmington! I’m gonna scalp you and leave your sorry carcass for the buzzards!”

Buck jumped up and started backing away down the boardwalk, laughing. “Aw, now come on, Vin! You don’t wanna do that! Not to me! I’m one of your friends! It was just a little joke!”

“Joke my ass!” Vin exclaimed, darting suddenly towards Buck. “You coulda got me killed! Peso kicked me ever’ time I went to get on him for days!”

Buck bolted across the street, his longer legs helping him stay ahead of Vin, and Chris snickered. “You better run faster, Buck!” he called, grinning. “Vin’s right behind you!”

Ezra chuckled and settled into the chair Buck had been in, smirking. “Running faster won’t do him any good. Vin is quite capable of running farther.”

Chris grinned at Ezra. “I know. I’ve outrun Buck a time or two and I don’t have a prayer of outrunnin’ Vin. I might be able to get out of reach in a sprint, but he’d catch me before long. He can run a hell of a lot longer than I care to.”

Running feet hit the boardwalk in the opposite direction from the way Buck and Vin took off, and Chris looked that way just as Billy Travis hollered, “Danny! Wait for me!”

Chris glanced at Danny and had to work at it not to laugh at the way Danny rolled his eyes.

“I’m just sittin’ here, Billy!” Danny called back, exasperated. “It’s not my fault you got in trouble and your ma won’t let you ride with me.”

Billy pounded up and jumped off the boardwalk to stand close to Blue’s shoulder and look up at Danny, grinning and holding up one hand to the other boy. “Momma’s not watching now, Danny. Give me a hand up.”

Danny snorted and moved Blue a step away from Billy with a touch of his heels. “No way! I’m not gettin’ in trouble too, I just got my mare and I like to ride! You can walk. It’s not that far to the field where Mr. Tanner’s friends do their target shooting.”

Billy groaned and moved to flop down on the edge of the boardwalk, scowling. “It’s not fair that Momma won’t let me have my own horse. I’m almost as old as you, and two years older than Jimmy is.”

Danny snickered. “If you want your own horse, you’ve been goin' about it all wrong. You just got in trouble for borrowin’ Jimmy’s pony and letting it stray, remember?”

Billy sighed, pouting. “How could I forget? I only get free time today ‘cause it’s Sunday. Tomorrow I’ve got to go back to work.”

Danny grinned. “I bet you don’t tie Robin by his reins again.”

“I didn’t then!” Billy protested. “I tied him with his halter and hung the bridle on the saddle with my clothes, and he got loose while I was swimming! I looked up and there was his halter still tied to the tree and he was long gone.”

Danny snickered and patted Blue’s neck. “You should’ve hobbled Robin, he’d never get out of that.”

Chris glanced at Ezra, amused. “Sounds familiar.”

Ezra smirked, green eyes sparkling. “Yes, it rather reminds me of the last time Mr. Dunne went swimming, when Dancer tired of waiting and came back to the livery without him.”

Chris laughed and nodded. “And with JD’s clothes still draped over his saddle, too. Buck’ll never let him live that down.”

“Speaking of Mr. Wilmington,” Ezra said, amused, “Vin chased him into the livery and has surely cornered him by now. Should we go lend a hand?”

Chris grinned and shook his head. “Vin can handle Buck.”

Ezra laughed. “I meant to aid Mr. Wilmington.”

“Eh, he’s been askin’ for it,” Chris said, still grinning. “Vin won’t hurt him. Much.”

~*~*~*~

Buck ducked into the livery, breathing hard and holding the stitch his side he had from laughing and trying to outrun Vin. Longer legs helped, but Vin was unfairly quick on his feet. He ran towards the back of the barn, glancing over his shoulder just as Vin stopped in the doorway.

“You might as well give up now,” Vin said, stepping inside and closing the door before he stalked after Buck. “There’s only one way in or out, and I ain’t lettin’ you get back by me.”

Buck turned and started backing away from Vin, laughing and holding out one hand as if to fend him off, the other still clutching at his side. “Aw, now come on, Vin. You woulda laughed if it was Dancer I tied the firecrackers on.”

Vin snorted and stopped in the middle of the barn, trying hard to scowl even though Buck could tell by the sparkle in Vin’s eyes that he wanted to laugh. He was barely breathing hard even though Buck was gasping like a landed fish, and it made Buck want to kick him right in the ass. The scrawny tracker never seemed to do anything but ride that crazy gelding of his or sit around watching people and yet he was still in better shape than Buck was. It was so unfair.

“Dancer’s not liable to go berserk and kill someone,” Vin pointed out, “so yeah, I likely would have. Peso’s a whole ‘nother story and you know it. He's killed more 'n one man for less reason.”

“He didn’t hurt nothin’ but your pride though, Vin,” Buck said quickly, grinning and trying his damnedest to pour on the charm. “Just a little mud and a few bruises.”

“Could have broke my neck, though.” Vin folded his arms across his chest and leaned to the side slightly, standing hipshot. “Give me a good reason not to kick your ass an’ I’ll think about it.”

Buck laughed. “You and whose army?”

Vin’s eyes narrowed and he started forward again, and Buck swallowed hard when he realized Vin’s eyes didn’t look like he wanted to laugh anymore. “If that’s the way you want it, Bucklin.”

Buck stood and waited for Vin to get just out of reach, then dodged to the left, waiting for Vin to follow before he switched directions and tried to bolt past on the other side. Vin hit him in the knees and they both went down, and Buck hardly knew what had happened before he found himself pinned face down in the dirt with a clod of manure about three inches from his nose, his hat a few feet away. Vin was kneeling on his shoulders and sitting on his back, much heavier than Buck would have expected as scrawny as Vin looked. Vin’s spurs were pressed against Buck’s ribs just hard enough for Buck to feel them against his clothes, and when he tried to shift away they dug in a bit closer to make him hold still.

“Aw Vin, you know you don’t really want to hurt me—“

Vin’s knife appeared in front of Buck’s eyes. “I don’t? You sure about that, Buck?”

Buck went wide-eyed and froze. “Whoa there! Can’t we talk about this without the knife?” He had seen Vin lop a guy’s hand off with that knife once in a fight that got too up close and personal for guns. The knife had gone through the wrist like it was butter, and then there was blood squirtin’ everywhere until Chris put a bullet between the poor bastard's eyes. Buck wasn't sure if Chris did it to stop the screaming or because the idiot had gone after Vin with a knife and managed to cut him up some, but either way he knew Vin's knife was frighteningly sharp.

“I got the feelin’ you weren’t listenin’ to me,” Vin said, and damned if he didn’t sound like he was amused.

“Vin...” Buck felt Vin’s fingers tangle in his hair and then flinched as Vin pulled his head back even though Vin didn’t really pull that hard. The knife moved towards his forehead then and Buck felt the beginnings of panic as he tried to throw Vin off only to feel the spurs dig in harder.

“Don’t make me use my spurs, Buck.” Vin warned. “You wouldn’t like it none at all.”

Buck felt the knife touch his forehead just below his hairline and stopped moving as he remembered Vin threatening to scalp him. He could get loose, he was sure, but he wasn’t sure it would be worth it, especially if he made Vin’s hand slip on that machete of his. An accidental cut from the big blade would likely do some serious damage, and it’d be no one’s fault but his. As long as Buck didn’t move and jostle him, Vin could control that knife better than a surgeon. He knew Vin probably wouldn’t hurt him, or at least he hoped Vin wouldn’t hurt him. He was suddenly feeling kind of worried though, and sure it showed in his voice even though he tried to sound reasonable as he said, “Vin, come on, get offa me. Enough is enough, now. Nobody got hurt.”

“I seem to recall it hurtin’ to get thrown into the side of the livery, an’ it took me hours to get the mud out of my clothes and my gun.” Vin snorted again and then added, “And that ain’t even talkin’ about how many times I got kicked or bit the next week when I tried to do anything with Peso. He took it out on me ever’ chance he got.”

Buck would have cringed if he weren't afraid to move. He’d been on the receiving end of Peso’s displeasure before and knew the rangy mustang could inflict some serious pain. Peso seemed to know just where to grab a body to make it hurt. “It wasn’t one of my best ideas, I got to admit that.”

“It’s about time,” Vin said, and suddenly the knife wasn’t touching Buck’s forehead anymore. Vin pulled his hair to make Buck turn his head, and he found himself almost nose to nose with Vin, whose blue eyes looked very serious and intent. “I want your word you’ll never tie anythin’ that blows up to a horse again, Bucklin.”

Buck smiled a bit at Vin, feeling very sheepish and even a little remorseful. “I promise. No more firecrackers, no dynamite, nothing like that. And I won’t piss Peso off at all anymore, not on purpose.” He was never going to screw around with Vin or that damned horse of his again. He’d stick to pranking JD, who just yelled and maybe punched him a bit instead of reaching for a pigsticker with a blade the better part of a foot long.

Vin just stared into Buck’s eyes a few moments and then the spurs poking into Buck’s sides shifted and Vin loosened his grip on Buck’s hair. “I guess that’ll do.” Vin let go of Buck’s hair and stood, moving away from Buck a few feet as he threatened, “But next time you pull anythin’ like that on me you’re gonna pay hard, you hear me?”

Buck rolled over and got to his feet, picking up his hat and then brushing dirt off of his clothes and trying not to show just how relieved he was feeling as he muttered, “Yeah, yeah, I hear you. You’re gonna scalp me.”

Vin snorted. “No, I’m gonna make you wish I scalped you.”

Buck looked warily at Vin, dusting off his hat. “I almost afraid to ask how.”

Vin walked right up into Buck’s personal space and looked up at him with a sudden smirk, blue eyes sparkling with a wicked light that made Buck feel decidedly nervous as Vin murmured, “You should be.”

Vin sidestepped around Buck and walked out of the livery, and Buck just turned to watch him go, wide-eyed. He couldn’t have meant what Buck thought he did.

Could he?