This site contains fictional stories with explicit descriptions of sexual activities, and not suitable for minors or prudes. If you are under 18 year of age, do not enter this site as it is illegal for you to do so and you are not welcome here. Also if you are offended by sexually explicit stories, do not enter this site, as I do not wish to offend your sensibilities. Having said that, by entering this site you are representing that you are at least 18 years old and do so of your own free will and are not offended in any way by sexually explicit stories. The stories are fictional and any resemblance to actual people or other entities is purely coincidental. ======================================================= 
In the start of this story, there will be some review of Betty, so you neednt read the previous part to fully understand.
Previously Betty a 50 something woman contacted me through a friend to discover her sexuality.  At our very first meeting, she was introduced to various forms of sex as well as a private experience with her lady friend who brought us together.

Betty, now divorced, wanted to rub her ex-husbands nose in it, so perhaps for the rest of his life, hed regret losing what he had, and suffer knowing that hed never ever have her again.

To:  	Mr. Campbell
From:  	Betty Campbell
Subject:	for your eyes-only

Hi, hon.

When you have some time, about an hour or more, I want you to go to www.bettycampbell.net.

Access to this will be for only 2 days from the date of this email, so act quickly.

Hugs,
	Betty

..and thus it began.  The above email sent by Betty to her ex-husband.

When he logged on to the internet site, he was greeted with a statement from his ex-wife Betty.

Thanks for logging on and reading this.  The date and time of your coming to this site is recorded and you will be allowed only a one-time view of its content.  It is special for you and you alone, so I hope you are going to proceed in private.

To continue, you will need to enter my maiden name and your Mothers first name in the box below, then click submit.

Mr. Campbell read the email and screen message over again, then looked at his watch.  He had nothing to do at home now, as his former lover, now fiances, was out shopping for the evening and there was nothing on the tube or in his briefcase needing completion.  

So, just what did Betty want, and what was this all about?  Well, hed find out soon enough, so he sat back and entered the required information.  The screen went blank, then a video began to load and in a few minutes it showed Bettys image and began playing.

Hi honey, its me as you can see.  Now that were finally divorced and all settlements have been made I wanted to do something for you as sort of a reminder of what youve lost and wont ever again get to have.  Oh, by the way, if you stop this video or try and copy it the window will close and Ill be gone for good.   So, do stick around and at least watch and enjoy.

The screen fades out and returns to show Betty standing in a business suit on what appears to be a stage or platform, and the dialog begins.

Hi honey.   You know for all the years we were married you really didnt pay much attention to me, least ways in the bedroom.  Guess maybe you just didnt find me attractive, and Im sorry for that, but then even with the lights out, you didnt enjoy me, or allow me to learn about sex and enjoy you.

You never let me suck your cock, and you really didnt pay too much attention to my tits, let alone my pussy.  All you ever did was get a hard on, shove your dick into me and that was for the most part it.  

So in a few minutes, Im having some folks over that I think youll know and Ill enjoy.  My hope is that youll see what youve missed out on, and as you rot in hell, youll dream of what could have been.

The screen darkens and then returns showing Betty in her home and dressed in the same business suit and answering the door.  The sound is a little distant, but can never-the-less be heard.

As the door swings open Betty greets Bobby and his brother Donald and invites them into the house.   These are the same two that helped move Bettys husband out of the house and helped him at his new place.  So you guys ready to do some rearranging for me she asks.  Yes, sure are says Bobby.  Very well then, lets get started says Betty.

The camera begins and you hear her directing them in moving some furniture around and then the screen fades black and comes back up with the newly rearranged room in view.   Betty says that it looks great and that it has been 3 hours of work well spent.  The boys thank her and ask if there is anything else.

No, that should do it she says, and asks how much she owes them.  $300 they reply, and she replies with an oh my that is more than she has, adding that being newly divorced she just didnt realize that it would be this expensive.

The boys look at one another not knowing exactly what to do or say, then Betty says, you think Im worth $300?   The guys again look to one another, as Betty quickly adds, or like my ex-husband, do you think Im just too old and not worth a damn.

Oh no said Donald, wed never say that, youve always been very attractive.  Remember Bobby, I told you that that Mrs. Campbell was one hot lady.  Do you really think so, asked Betty, because, well my ex, he never seemed to like me or pay any attention to me.    Nah, not true said Bobby, youre one hot lady.

Really said Betty, and speaking of hot, think youd like me to get a bit more comfortable?  Sure said the guys, go for it.   Very well, said Betty, but please remember that Im an old lady already, so I dont want to disappoint you.

Not going to happen said Bobby, so go ahead and take off your top.  Betty reached for her waist crossing her arms and pulled the top over her head revealing her bra and showing some cleavage as well.   Wow said Donald as Bobby quietly whistled, you sure do have big tits.   You think so, said Betty,  I mean my ex hardly ever paid me any attention.

Hell said Bobby, those babies are made for everything and then some.  Oh my, said Betty once again,  then reached for the waist band of her skirt, unfastened it and let the fabric fall to the floor revealing her panties.   Still like what you see, asked Betty.

Turn around commanded Donald, I want to see your ass.  Betty obeyed turning around and showing her panty encased butt cheeks.   What do you think, she asked?   Your old man never, began Bobby.  No never, said Betty, so Im not all that certain that youll find me attractive.

Turn around and lets see your tits, said Donald.    Betty turned, saying, please dont make fun of me.   Why would we do that, asked Donald?   Guess maybe because Im 54yrs old, and well not the 20yr old that you might be looking for, said Betty.  Nope, youre very tall and have a nice figure said Bobby, so it doesnt matter to me that youre not someone my age.  Besides, I dont think they could be as much fun as you could be, he continued.

Betty laughed for a second, then said, boy if my ex could see me now, two young studs and me.   Well, if you have a camera, we could send him some pictures said Donald.   Oh, yes said Betty, you guys mind being in the pictures.   No not me, said Donald.   Couldnt care less echoed Bobby, hell well be the ones enjoying you, so let the bastard suffer.

Bobby, now being a bit more aggressive said, now Mrs. Campbell.  Please, Im not Mrs. anymore, said Betty.  Whatever you want, said Bobby, but now I want you to take off the bra.  

Betty reached behind her back and unfastened the bra, then as she pulled the straps from her shoulders, said, I hope you wont be disappointed.  Damn, look at the size of those tits, said Bobby as Betty stood topless before the two boys.

Bend over said Donald, lets see how big they really are.  Betty bent forward as her tits swung out beneath her and both boys stepped closer to her and began to fondle her tits pulling and pinching her nipples.  Not sorry, Betty asked.  

Donald reached and began pulling on her panties working them over her hips as he continued to play with a tit.  Want to see your pussy he managed to say as he lowered his face and began kissing and nibbling on her tit, noticing that Bobby was already sucking on her other nipple.

Okay, said Donald as Bettys panties were down around her ankles, lets have a look at the rest of you.  Bobby, let the lady alone he said.   Bobby stepped away from Betty, but didnt release he grip on her breast till the last possible second, causing the stretched tit to bounce back as she straightened herself and stood up her panties still around her ankles. 

Get rid of those panties commanded Donald.  Betty looked down carefully and stepped out of the panty with one foot, then the other before kicking the panty away, then naked looked towards the boys.  Wow said Bobby as he looked at Betty.

You like me, she asked.  Yes, certainly said Donald as Bobby nodded his head, why wouldnt anyone, youre very pretty.  Thank you, said Betty.   Didnt your husband like you, asked Bobby?   I dont think so, said Betty.   He never looked at me, or did anything, well, you know what I mean, she continued.

Sit down said Donald, point towards a chair.  Betty sat down as instructed and looked to the guys.  Youve very nice tits said Donald.  Thank you, she whispered her reply.  Now we want to see how pretty your pussy is, he continued.  You ready to show us your pussy?   

Betty spread her legs open a bit.   No, no not like were your husband and dont care, said Bobby, I want to really see that fuck hole.  Please said Betty.   Whats wrong, asked Donald, you ashamed or embarrassed, he asked. 

Sort of, said Betty.   Ive, Ive never done, she began, but Bobby stepped over to her and lifted her leg and hooked it over the arm of the chair.  Now the other, he said and Betty lifted her other leg and positioned it over the armrest.  

Bobby meanwhile started to play with her tits and looked her in the eye saying, so your husband never really stopped and just looked and played with your pussy.   No, not really, said Betty.  Think you have a pretty pussy, asked Bobby.   I hope you like me, she said.  

I like you so much, Im going to give you a special kiss, said Bobby.  He then got on his knees in front of Betty and began kissing and licking her pussy sometimes driving his tongue into her love hole.  Betty screamed with delight and Donald continued to play with her tits.  Bettys hands moved to Donald and began rubbing his cock beneath his pants and then she turned and unzipped his fly and pulled his cock out immediately starting to suck and lick him as brother Bobby continued to assault her pussy.

Betty, dripping wet squirmed against Bobbys mouth as she worked away at servicing brother Donald with hers.   Please, fuck me, she said between licks and sucks, but Bobby wasnt paying attention as he was now pushing a finger against her asshole while holding her pussy spread open with the other

Oh please, begged Betty, fuck me she cried over and over again as she shuddered with small bursts of satisfaction, as Bobby continued to focus on her pussy and asshole.  Suddenly, Betty jumped and screamed, no no as Bobby pushed his finger into her asshole.  

No no, please dont she said, trying to somehow stop the assault on her ass.  But Mrs. Campbell, said Bobby youve such a pretty virgin ass and Donald is so wet now that his cock will go where no man has gone before.  No no, please, anything, Ill do what you want, but please dont do this to me, she begged.

Will you fuck our dog, asked Bobby?   What?  No, said Betty.  Okay, said Bobby as he started to rotate his finger reaming her hole.  No no no, please stop, she begged, then screamed with pleasure as Bobby toyed with her exposed clit.  Nice clit, he said, as Betty one more jumped in response to Donalds pinching her nipples and stretching her tits to the limit.

Would you like to suck my cock, as Bobby?  Yes, please said Betty realizing that this would move his attention from her pussy and invaded asshole.

Bobby stood up on the side of the chair and motion Richard to come from behind to the other side.  Now with two cocks to hold on to and work, Betty began to do just that until they each emptied their load into her mouth and onto her face and tits.

Well thats $100 Mrs. Campbell, said Bobby.  Now there is only $200 more to pay off, he added reaching down and slipping his fingers into her dripping pussy.  Ill give her credit for $75, said Richard, if shell let me fuck her in the ass.  What do you say, Mrs. Campbell?  Oh, and $25 more for a titty fuck.

Betty jumped once again as Bobbys fingers teased her swollen pussy and some of her juices drained out of her.  Please she said, please fuck me hard I need your cock in my pussy.  Okay, said Bobby, then he stepped back and lined up his swollen cock and slid it into her pussy.   Yessssss, hissed Betty, but as she tried to begin to ride his cock found that she was restrained by Richard.  

Oh, wept Betty, please dont stop, fuck the hell out of me, she cried.  Pulling his cock out of her, Bobby told her to come here as he lay on his back.  Betty was on him in a flash, and his cock was now being ridden by her as if there was not tomorrow.

Not paying attention, Bobby locked his legs around hers and pulled her down to him which exposed her asshole.  Richard not missing a beat, stepped in before Betty realized what was happening had pushed his cocks head into her asshole.  

Nooooo she screamed as he pushed deeper and she tried to set herself free, but couldnt as Bobbys legs were locked in place and his arms were holding her tight against him.  Relax he hold her in a quiet voice, dont fight, you wont win and it will only hurt more.   Betty tried to calm herself, but with each thrust Richard drove his cock deeper into her asshole.

Soon Betty came to realize the pain wasnt there anymore and she could feel both cocks inside her.  As she calmed down the guys got their rhythm so as Bobby push into her pussy, Richard withdrew and then they reversed themselves.

Betty began to cry out, yes yes fuck me, fuck my pussy, fuck my ass, oh yes, please dont stop and pushed herself up so she could twist herself offering Bobby one of her tits to suck.

The screams of joy, and the look on Bettys face said it all and soon they all fell into a heap of legs and arms on the floor.

Richard spoke and said, well I managed to take a few photos for your ex, but lets see.  Hummmmm, you owed us $200 and you earned $75 and Bobby, her pussy was what?   $50 said Bobby.  Okay, $200, less $75 less $50 means you still owe $75, he said and weve used all your holes, havent we, so what are you going to do to pay us, he asked?

Please fuck me again, asked Betty reaching for a limp cock and starting to stroke it.  Nah, not right now said Bobby, we need to figure . . . and his voice trailed off.

Ive got it, said Richard as he moved his hand between her legs and began to play with her pussy.  Nah, wouldnt work, he said as he slowly fingered her.  Betty twisted around, saying, please dont stop as she began to pull on her tits and spread her legs wide.

But Richard stopped and turned to Bobby.  Brian, he asked?  Yea, thats a great idea said Bobby.  Done said Richard as he pushed two fingers without warning into Bettys pussy.  He then leaned forward and licked her clit as he slipped a finger from his other hand into her stretched asshole.

Tell you what, began Richard, well fuck you again, if you want, but youll still owe us $75, which isnt much, but were all agreed that cash money isnt worth anything here.  So, to pay off the $75, we want you to dress up real pretty and then to help us give our young friend Brian, whos a virgin, a time to remember.  What do you say, he asked?

Oh, I couldnt, began Betty, who then suddenly moaned as Richards fingers found their mark.  Please, she said, then Richard broke in, saying, well if you dont want to, then at least fuck our dog.  Hes part of the family, you know.

Youre serious, arent you, said Betty.  Yes, both guys answered.  Brian or Killer.  Okay, said Betty.  Okay, what, Brian or Killer?  Brian, she laughed adding, now fuck me good and smiled as Bobby took some photos of Richard and her together.

After the guy left, Betty gather herself and wondered aloud what she was getting herself into with these two studs, and who was this Brian guy?  

The video on the website fades and next 3 days later flashes on the screen followed with a close up of Betty talking once again to her ex.  

Hi again hon.  Hoped you liked what you saw from the other day with our movers.  It was really an experience and I had a wonderful time.  I cant wait for more of the same.  Hope you enjoyed it too.

Meanwhile the boys asked me to dress pretty for whoever Brian is and I hope you approve.  The camera pulls back and Betty camera remote in hand twirls about showing off her straight skirt and silk blouse.  The bell rings and Betty puts down the remote and says to the camera, well here goes.  Hope you enjoy it, Im sure I will.

Moments later Betty returns to the room followed by Richard, Bobby and a third person, Brian.  So youre Brian, said Betty.   Yes, he says.  And what do you do, she asked.  Im getting started with Richard and Bobby he said.  That sounds very nice, said Betty.

Bobby, cut in saying, Brian, Richard and I did some work for Mrs. Campbell and when it came time to pay, she just didnt have the money.   Anyway, we made some payment arrangements with her and wanted to include you since youre soon to be part of Richard and I.  Thanks said Brian.

So continued Richard, the lady didnt have the money, and now even if she did, it wouldnt matter as money just doesnt work.  Anyway, Bobby and I learned early on that in these circumstances it is better to work things out and be friends.   Mrs. Campbell didnt think herself attractive, or anything, but we felt otherwise and both Richard and I have fucked her, isnt that right, he asked Betty.   Betty nodded her head yes.

So now Brian, he continued, Mrs. Campbell still owes us some money and were going to let her work it off by taking it off, he laughed.  Okay, he said, lets begin and I want you to do this special for our young friend here, okay.  Yes, replied Betty.

Brian, she began, the guys said that youve never seen a lady undress, so to begin Im going to do that for you.  Like I told the guys, Im considerably older, so Im probably not your dream girl, but I certainly hope that I dont disappoint you.

As you can see, right now Im wearing this straight skirt and silk blouse.  I like the straight skirt as it molds to my figure, which isnt the greatest, but I still do have some curves.  Also, when I walk around, as you can see, there is a nice sway to my hips.  Hope you like it.

What I like about the silk blouse is that its tight, but not form fitting tight, and when I walk like this back towards you, you can see my breasts moving under the material.  So Brian, tell me, said Betty, do you like breasts?

Yea, of course, who doesnt, replied Brian.   Good, said Betty, Im glad, but I hope I wont disappoint you, she said as she began to unbutton her blouse in front of Brian.  Then pulling the open blouse from the skirt, she said, there that is better.  Now you can see my bra.  So Brian, do you like my bra?

Yes, he answered.  Hope you arent disappointed, I mean, I certainly not like the girls at Victoria Secret.  No, no your fine, said Brian as Betty began to unfasten her skirt and slide it down over her hips, revealing a garter belt, stockings and her thigh high panties.

Betty bent over giving Brian an unrestricted view of her tits as she picked up her skirt and draped it over a chair.  So, said Betty twirling about in front of Brian, disappointed.  

Mrs. Campbell, quick fucking around, said Bobby, show him your tits.  Betty looked over at Bobby who returned the look saying, NOW!

Betty reached behind her and worked the hooks to free the bra and immediately slid the straps from her shoulders allowing her tits to swing free.  Bobby stepped to her side and grabbed her tit lifting and squeezing it and using his other hand to pinch her nipple.   

So, what do you think Brian, asked Bobby her tits big enough for you?  Yea, said Brian his eyes bugged out and his cock pushing hard to get out of his pants.  Well, now wait till your see her pussy, said Bobby.  Then  running his hands over her legs and belly he instructed Betty to finish undressing.

Betty stepped back an then pushed her panties slowly down revealing her naval, then the top of her mound, followed by her slit and then the panties fell around her shoes where she stepped out of them.  So does this old lady frighten you, she asked?  

Brian didnt say a word, but just sat there either in shock or awe.  This the first time youve seen a naked lady up close like this asked Bobby?  Brian just stared and nodded his head.  

Betty, said Richard, think youd better give him some relief then maybe hell be able to walk and talk he laughed.  

Betty moved to Brian and as she began to undo his pants, said, Brian Im going to look at your cock and then Im going to lick it and suck it.  Cock in hand Betty noticed it was soaked with pre-cum and in an instant was bobbing her head all about the swollen member.  And just as suddenly Brian, unable to contain himself, filled her mouth with his load as he moaned loudly, which Betty quickly swallowed and wiped some excesses from the sides of her mouth. 

That was yummy, now its your turn, Betty said to Brian.  He just sat there.  You dont know what to do, do you, she asked, with no reply.  Have you every been with a girl, she asked?   No, sorry, whispered Brian.  Kiss a girl, maybe make out with her?  No, not really said Brian, but I do sometimes watch my neighbor in her bedroom when the blind isnt shut all the way..

Today you stop watching and start doing, said Betty.  Besides I owe you guys, and I want to be sure to pay my debt.  With that she move to right in front of Brian and put her hands on his shoulders leaning forward so her tits dangled in front of his face.  

You like my tits, she asked?  Now I want you to feel them, and suck on each nipple till they are hard.  Brian encircled a tit and soon was busy moving from nipple to nipple while fondling each as Betty quietly moaned and encouraged him with words of praise.

She then asked Brian if he would like to see her pussy.  Saying yes, she lay down and opened her legs then told Brian to lay between so he might see her.  As he did, he commented that she smelled good.  Good enough to eat, she asked?  Yes, I suppose so, replied Brian.  Okay, then eat me, she laughed, but Brian didnt do anything.

Its okay, said Betty, look Ill show you.  She then used her fingers to spread herself open and showed Brian her clit, her love canal and and the inner pink of her pussy.  Now I want you to lick and kiss me and also to play with my asshole, just a little bit, she said.

It wasnt long before Brian had her legs further apart and was using both hands to spread her open as his mouth and tongue explored every possibility.  Betty was losing it, and was pounding her pussy into Brians mouth as he continued to eat her like there was no tomorrow.

Now I want that young cock to fuck me, she said and pulled Brian from her pussy as he tried to position himself and aim his cock, but missed.  No, like this said Betty, as she grabbed his cock and put it into her gaping hole allowing him to slide into her.  

Yes, yes, yes, she said, now fuck me!

It didnt take very long for young Brian to empty his load once again, but this time into her pussy, and yet when he rolled off, he was still hard.   Oh my, she shouted, hes still hard.  And with that, she straddled him and lowered her dripping pussy onto his still hard cock.

As Betty started to fuck Brian, she waved to Bobby and Richard who moved in as well.  Repositioning her onto her knees over Brian, Richard began to stretch her asshole, while Bobby moved around and pushed his cock into her face and she began licking and sucking on it and in short order Brian reached up at her hanging tits and began to pull and twist those hanging goodies.

The video then fades out for a second and the comes back with Betty sitting naked on the chair.

So, my darling ex husband now youve seen something that youre probably surprised about.  But just think it could have been you playing with these tits, she said lifting each and teasing her nipples.   Then again, if you didnt like my tits, then certainly my pussy.  You remember my pussy dont you, she asked.  Hmmm, she said with a smile, probably not, you never did pay much attention to it either.  So, just to remind you here, have a final look.  Betty then opened her legs and with each hand pulled open the lips of her pussy after she zoomed in with the remote control.

Oh well she said, and if that wasnt enough, you could have always forced the issue of fucking my ass couldnt you, as she used her hands to spread her cheeks in the chair.

But, you didnt want any of that did you, so now if youve had a change of heart, too bad and the screen fades to black.
