Is This Too Much?
by Bridgekicker

A conservative wife has her sexuality reawakened.

"Hi, hon, how was your day?" Ashley asked as she kissed David with a peck on the lips that felt more appropriate for one of her kids than for the love of her life.

'What happened to the playful kisses we used to share together?' David thought as he looked at his pretty wife. She was wearing her usual "around the house" sweats and a baggy t-shirt. It bothered him that she thought she needed to wear such frumpy clothing over her figure.

"Too busy for one guy to handle all by himself," David replied as he grabbed a beer. "Still no one worth hiring."

David recently left his job at a local HVAC company to start his own business. He had enough money to set up a shop and to pay for a decent inventory of supplies.

He was in the process of hiring new workers, but was displeased at how hard it was to find good employees in the current economy. Especially reliable people who knew how to work with their hands in technical trades.

Ashley and David were a typical middle class couple in their mid thirties. Ashley was 34, and David was 36; they had two kids, a son and daughter, who were 14 and 12. Ashley was a stay at home mom. They'd married early and had kids right away before her career could begin.

David was in the Army when he had first met Ashley. She had been going to school to become a nurse, and it was love at first sight when she saw him in uniform. The feeling was mutual when David saw Ashley in her short shorts and bikini top, jumping down from her Jeep outside the local barbeque restaurant. He watched paralyzed as she threw a crop top over her bikini and smiled at him.

Her long blonde hair and blue eyes captivated him as he held the door open for her. Her large D cup breasts stood out prominently on her five-seven frame. She had a tight waist and flat abs above her feminine hips.

Her legs were forever long in her short shorts. David couldn't help but give her body a good look as she passed him at the door. The round cheeks of her rear had been equally as impressive as the front of her. David's BDU pants tightened noticeably at the beautiful sight of her.

Ashley's heart fluttered as the tall soldier held the door open for her. His smile captivated her, warming her up inside. He was so much more handsome than the college kids she was used to seeing. The two of them stood in line, looking at the menu together. David kept glancing over at the beautiful blonde as she pondered her order.

"I'll buy you lunch if you sit with me," David said, taking a shot in the dark.

Ashley's lips curled up in a smile as she looked back at him. David felt emboldened by the look in her eyes.

"I was planning on getting it to go, but..." Ashley replied with a grin. "How could I say no to a soldier? I'm Ashley."

"I'm David," he replied, holding out his hand to shake hers. When their hands touched, magic happened: it was as if they had always been destined for each other, and both of them knew it.

That first lunch date led to many more. Sixteen years later, having built a family together, the two of them loved each other more than ever.

Their sex life suffered as most did when babies were born and needed to be cared for. Sleep deprivation and busy schedules took their toll on even the best of marriages.

David took a long swig of his beer and sat down at the table as Ashley finished up their dinner. He watched his wife move around the kitchen like an artist might move a brush across a canvas. Despite her baggy clothing, her lack of make-up, and with her blonde hair pulled back in a simple ponytail, she was still beautiful.

"So you've had no luck with ZipRecruiter?" Ashley asked as she turned the fire off on the range.

"Not yet," David replied. "I really hope I find someone soon."

"I won't see you much if you don't," Ashley replied, "I don't like seeing you so tired. You work so hard."

"You do, too, Ash," David replied. "I know how much you do for the kids and this house every day. We both could use some 'us' time."

Ashley studied David as he sat at the table looking back at her. He was no longer the slim soldier that he had been when they first met, but the weight he put on looked good on him. His shoulders were broader, and his arms were thick and strong and covered in tattoos. He had a bit of a belly, but it made him look even more masculine.

He'd given up trying to grow his hair at the first sign of balding, preferring to shave it all off instead of living with bald patches. But Ashley thought he looked good with a shaved head: it reminded her of the tight soldier's cut he had been wearing when they first met. His full dark beard gave him a rugged appearance.

She still thought he looked sexy. She just wished she held up as well as he did. She gained fifteen pounds since giving birth and caring for their two kids, and she just couldn't get rid of it no matter how hard she worked in the gym.

David did not share her view about her weight. The weight she added only made her breasts larger and her bottom a bit thicker, highlighting her feminine beauty. He saw the way men admired her when they were out, and he was proud of how good she looked.

"Thank you, David," Ashley replied to his compliment about her hard work around their home. "Maybe over the summer when the kids are on their road trip with your parents, we can have some more time together. I miss you, too."

"Did you get my package today?" David asked, suddenly remembering the camera he ordered.

"Yeah, it's on the table in the foyer," Ashley replied.

David hurried to get the box, and returned to the table like a kid at Christmas. He quickly opened the box and removed its contents. Inside was a Nikon DSLR that he'd been dreaming of buying for years. He also unpacked a few lenses of different sizes that cost more than the camera itself.

"You finally bought it?" Ashley asked, surprised that her husband finally pulled the trigger on such an expensive purchase.

"Yeah, I wanted to capture our memories in vivid color before these kids are up and gone," David replied as he examined his new toy.

"Good for you," Ashley told him. "You deserve to buy something for yourself for once. You do so much for us every day."

Later that night, Ashley excused herself to take a shower and prepare for bed. David watched her round ass sway as she walked away. He loved that part of her body.

What his wife thought of as excess fat was perfection in his eyes. He couldn't get enough of the way her butt jiggled slightly when she walked. Her leg and squat routines had paid dividends, even if she refused to realize it.

David was absolutely enthralled with his new purchase, finally getting his hands on his dream camera. He fiddled around a bit, before getting a call from the bedroom.

"You can play with it all day tomorrow, honey! Now get your butt to bed!" cried Ashley.

Like an obedient poodle, David hurried off to shower before bed, leaving the camera on the bedside table. Ten minutes later, David joined his wife in bed. Ashley had taken off her pajamas and was just in her panties and top.

Her large breasts were clearly outlined under the thin material, capped off with her pert nipples. Having children had made her breasts bigger, but they maintained their perkiness and the shape of her youth.

"Take that off." asked David, in a low voice pointing at her top.

Ashley giggled and said, "What's gotten into you today? First your new toy, and now this?"

David wasn't taking excuses tonight. Ashley saw the desire in his eyes, and her top flew off to the other side of the bed, baring her full round tits briefly before she hurriedly hid them under the blanket. David leaned over her, leaving little pecks on the side of her neck and her shoulder. Her body responded immediately, and she mewed at the attention he was giving her. Her neck was one of her erogenous zones, and David knew just what buttons to push.

"Someone's horny today!" Ashley closed her eyes in anticipation of the pleasure that was awaiting her. While her loving husband took off his pants, his kisses moved from her neck to her full lips. She grabbed the head of the bulbous erection and stroked it slowly. She had always liked the feeling of having him in her hands.

David impatiently searched for the condom in the nightstand. He hated wearing them, but Ashley was allergic to the pill, and they were not absolutely positive they were done having kids.

"You keep them t in the second drawer, honey!" reminded Ashley as David hurriedly extracted a packet and tore it open.

David kissed her deeply again as he lined himself up with her awaiting pussy, which had already moistened in anticipation of what was about to occur.

"Ouch... You gotta take it easy, Mister!" The loving wife tried to warn him, but David was too engulfed in the moment, wanting to take her the way he used to.

Since the birth of their children, the couple were more used to a civilized way of doing things. David took care to muffle the sounds of his wife's moans by placing his lips on hers, kissing her passionately while thrusting deeper and deeper.

David and Ashley had very limited sexual histories. David lost his virginity when he was eighteen with a girl he met at a concert. He was drunk, and he came right after he slipped inside her. It wasn't a good experience for him or for the girl involved. He had sex a couple of other times with a girl he dated right before he went into the military. He was able to last a bit longer, but not by much.

Ashley had still been a virgin when she met David, and she came from a conservative Christian background. Her Dad never let her date in high school, and he insisted that her husband be cut from a similar mold as himself. That David was a Christian military man had won her Dad over easily. David still referred to Ashley's Dad as sir and to his mother-in-law as ma'am, just as any southern boy should.

Before kids, both David and Ashley's sexual experimentation had been limited to the missionary and doggy style positions. Ashley found she preferred to be taken from behind as it allowed for deeper penetration, and she loved to play with her clit as her husband had his way with her. But she tended to be louder when he took her in that way, and the kids coming along had put a damper on things.

Ashley held her husband's back in her hands, stroked him and encouraged him to plunge his manhood inside her fiery depths. Her fingernails dug into his skin slightly as she neared an orgasm. She reached one of her hands down to strum her clit. She often needed the extra clitoral stimulation to get her over the edge.

David missed the more uninhibited side of his wife. Sex had become more of a chore for her in recent years and much less frequent. Her fingernails digging into his back reminded him that while these occasions might be rare, she was still capable of enjoying them just as much as he did.

He saw the familiar glazed euphoria of arousal in her eyes. She bit her lip sexily as her orgasm rose from her depths.

Looking up, Ashley saw the love in her strong husband's eyes. She could see his hunger for her, and it fueled the fires of the climax that enveloped her completely.

Ashley cried out a bit more as David felt his member being squeezed hard by her warm wet vaginal walls. He knew he had to speed up his thrusts as he plunged into his wife even harder while she held on,pushing her hips up into him with equal force. She shuddered underneath him as her orgasm overwhelmed her.

David loved looking into Ashley's eyes as she came. Watching her experience pleasure provided him the most stimulation, and he would often cum just from watching her eyes roll back while biting her lip as she succumbed to her orgasms.

That moment was no exception, and he quickly joined her as his own orgasm erupted from him. His cum filled the tip of his condom, deep inside her still quivering depths.

After his semi hard, condom-covered penis had slipped out of her, David joined his wife in post-coital bliss. By the time David rolled off his wife, Ashley had surrendered to a deep slumber. Her light blue panties were still pulled to one side of her pretty pink pussy, totally ignored as she dropped off to sleep.

Ashley had the prettiest pussy David had ever seen, even in porn. Her outer labia protruded slightly like the petals of a flower. Even after bearing two kids, her pussy looked just as lovely as it had when they first met. Her blonde bush above her folds was soft to the touch; no hair grew around her sex, so she never needed to shave there.

David thought about how lucky he was to be lying in bed alongside such a beautiful woman. Her round breasts stood proudly on her slowly rising chest. Everything about her was beautifully proportioned.

David looked over at his new camera and was tempted to snap a picture of her in her nude slumber. Rational thought got the better of him, however, and he set temptation aside as he pulled the covers over her and hugged her close to his body. He quickly joined her in sleep.

*****************************

The following weekend, David and Ashley were getting ready to attend her cousin's wedding. It was a warm spring day, and she had recently purchased a flowing blue summer dress that highlighted her natural beauty.

David was drinking a beer in the living room when his wife rounded the corner in her new outfit. His pupils dilated and his eyes widened at the beautiful sight in front of him.

"Oh my god, babe!" David exclaimed. "You look amazing."

"Come on, you don't think I look fat in this?" Ashley asked, blushing at the look her husband was giving her.

Her wavy blonde hair was done to perfection and her makeup emphasized her big blue eyes, high cheekbones, and full lips.

Her light blue dress was held on her shoulders with tiny straps that pulled David's eyes down to her ample bosom. The material clung to her tiny waist and jutted out at her feminine hips.

The hem fell below her knees, but a slit up the right side revealed a healthy bit of her creamy thigh when she walked. She wore strappy tan heels to complement the dress. David loved when she wore heels. They had a way of making her calf muscles look more defined, and they also made the jst of her ass more pronounced.

"You look stunning," David said, unable to find words to describe her beauty.

He hadn't seen her this dressed up in a long time, and he stood there flabbergasted at how pretty his wife was. She looked more beautiful now than the day they first met. She truly aged like a fine wine.

Ashley felt herself flush at the look David was giving her. She hadn't seen that much desire in his eyes for a long time. She realized she missed it.

"You really like it?" Ashley asked, still feeling self conscious dressed in something other than her usual "mom clothes."

"You are more beautiful than ever," David said honestly. "In fact, I want to take some pictures of you. Let's go out back so I can photograph that lovely dress while the light is so good."

Grabbing his new camera, David opened the slider to the backyard, then held it open, gesturing for Ashley to come along after him. She shrugged her shoulders and followed him to the backyard.

Their yard was surrounded by a privacy fence. A large elm tree shaded the back corner, where David created a water feature with a natural looking waterfall over a small koi fish pond.

The lighting was perfect for what David had in mind. He directed her to stand on the flagstone area adjacent to the waterfall. He started with some face shots of her warm shy smile. At first, Ashley was timid, not comfortable being at the center of attention as David snapped away at her.

"You look gorgeous, babe," David complimented her repeatedly as her image filled his viewer.

David's reassuring compliments emboldened her, and she loosened up in response to his directions. He slowly panned out and snapped pictures of her whole profile, having her turn from side to side.

The lighting and her beauty worked together to make every picture he took with his new camera look amazing.

"I want these pictures to show how beautiful you really are," David told her. "Sometimes I think you don't know just how hot you are."

"Hot?" Ashley questioned. "You're just saying that because you're my husband.'

"No, Ash," David argued. "Any man would have to be blind or gay not to find you attractive. And even the gay guys would agree with me. You are sexy as hell in that dress."

David's words made her feel something she hadn't felt in a long time. She felt sexy, and it came through the viewfinder in the look in her eyes. She exuded confidence and feminine sex appeal as she posed for him, crossing her legs in front of one another as her creamy thigh jutted out of the slit in her dress.

She bit her lip and raised her arms up, tossing her long blonde hair over one shoulder as she gazed back at the camera. Her beauty was electrifying. He snapped several more pictures with her looking like a natural model.

"Now turn around and look over your shoulder at me," David told her.

Ashley slowly turned as he kept snapping pictures of her profile.

"Wait, stop right there," David told her as she turned in a perfect profile shot that accentuated her round ass and breasts at the same time. "Arch your back and bend slightly like you are looking at something in the waterfall."

"Like this?" Ashley asked as she leaned over, smiling.

"Perfect," he replied, snapping more pictures. "Now turn and look over your shoulder at me."

Ashley turned and shook her ass sexily at him as he snapped more pictures of her round rear. The two globes of her ass were obvious and jiggled tantalizingly under the thin material of her summer dress.

"All right, Dave, time to get going or we'll be late to the wedding," she said as she straightened her dress and walked back toward the house.

David grabbed her as she passed him and pulled her in for a kiss. She pulled back, teasingly. She could feel his erection through his slacks and knew he was aroused at the show she'd just put on for him. It felt good to still be able to do that to her husband.

"Don't mess up the lipstick, Dave," she told him, shaking her head. "Save that for later."

"Promise?" David smiled, hopefully.

"We'll see," Ashley replied.

The following day, David uploaded the photos from the wedding to their cloud and then synced them to the television. The first few pictures to pop up were of their son's baseball game from the previous weekend. He was amazed at the picture quality.

"Ash, come here," David called her to join him from the other room. "You gotta see these pictures."

David's telephoto lens caught their son perfectly as he was playing shortstop. The images even caught the stitching on the ball as it bounced into his glove.

"Wow, you can't get pictures like that from an iPhone," Ashley said as she admired the pictures.

Next, the images changed to Ashley posing in the backyard next to the fountain. David watched her as she studied each image while he scrolled through them on the big screen.

Ashley was amazed at the images on the screen. David always told her she was beautiful, but she never believed him because she felt he was just being nice. For the first time in years, she saw what he saw. She looked as sexy and vibrant as a twenty year old, but deepened with the life experience of a loving wife and mom.

"These pictures, David..." Ashley said, at a loss for words.

"I know," David replied. "I always said you were beautiful, and you just gave me a chance to capture it. You're more attractive today than the day we first met. Look at the pictures. You are glowing. This is the Ashley I fell in love with."

Ashley admitted to herself that she did look better than she ever imagined. David managed to capture her from a perspective she'd never seen before. She really did look sexy, and her body looked good in the thin dress.

"I guess I stopped seeing myself as being sexy after the kids," Ashley replied. "My body went through a lot. We went through a lot, and I just felt old and ugly. Part of me stopped trying to look good, because I thought it didn't matter anymore. I started to see myself as a mom, and forgot about the wife part of it. I'm sorry for that."

"We're not old, babe," David replied. "And I'm glad I was able to open your eyes to how appealing you are. You've always been that way for me. Even in your frumpy sweats with your hair pulled back in a ponytail. The fact that you are a great mom to our kids just adds to how much I love you."

"I could dress a little sexier for you than I have," Ashley admitted. "I'm sorry about the sweats and ponytail."

"Don't apologize," David replied. "Being a mom to two young kids is a hard job. I see how hard you work every day."

"I know, but I have let myself go, and I'm sorry for that," Ashley told him.

The following day, David received a call from an applicant named Jeremy Livingston. His resume was impressive with 30 years of HVAC experience, a welder's certificate, and a C-10 Electrical Contractor license.

He was 53 years old, so he wasn't a young kid who was unproven. The only issue he saw was a felony conviction on his record. David told him to stop by the shop to talk to him at 9:30 that morning.

At 9:15, a burly man walked through the door of David's new shop. David was impressed that he was fifteen minutes early. He had a shaved head, probably due to hair loss, and his mouth was framed with a graying mustache and goatee. He was about six-three and 250 lbs or more. He had a big belly, and looked like a typical middle-aged man who eats and drinks too much without getting enough exercise. He had tattoos on his forearms that looked like jailhouse tats.

"Mr. Shaw?" the man asked as he walked toward him.

"That's me," David replied, holding out his hand. "You must be Jeremy."

"Yes, sir," Jeremy replied.

"Thanks for being on time. How'd you hear about the job?" David asked.

"I saw your ad on Craigslist," Jeremy replied.

"I see you have over 30 years experience in the industry," David said. "Where did you work, and why did you leave?"

"I was working at the Hilton in Houston, but I recently moved here to Austin a few months ago and was looking for a job," Jeremy replied. "I was at the Hilton for about 15 years."

"I have to ask since it's on your application, what was your felony conviction for?" David asked.

"I got pinned for a robbery I didn't commit," Jeremy told him.

"I knew who did it, but I ain't a snitch so I took the rap," Jeremy replied. "They gave me six years, and I got out in three. I went back to work at the Hilton, but I wanted a change after my divorce so I moved here. You can call the Hilton, and they'll vouch for me. I do good work."

"I'll be honest, you're the most qualified applicant I've spoken to so far," David told him. "When can you start?"

"Hell, I can start today," Jeremy said.

"All right, I've got a van set up in the back," David said as he held out his hand. "Call me David."

David shadowed Jeremy for the entire shift and was pleased at how efficient he was at the job. He was very personable with the customers, and had a good sense of humor. David was happy with his decision to hire him as an employee. He calculated that he could more than double his workload with the added help.

"Babe, I hired someone," David said as he walked through the door later that night.

"That's great news," Ashley replied as she rounded the corner of the kitchen to greet him.

David's eyes widened at the sight of his wife. Gone were the frumpy sweats and ponytail she normally wore. Replacing them were pink shorts with black lace trim and a black crop top. Her wavy blonde hair was newly styled and slightly shorter, but layered in a way that made her look ten years younger than her 34 years. Her makeup was subtle but sexy.

Ashley noticed the look in David's eyes, and it made her feel warm as her skin flushed. She missed making him look at her this way, and she didn't know until recently that she still could.

"You look stunning," David told her as they met in an embrace.

"Thank you," Ashley smiled shyly. "I thought I'd start wearing things around the house that make me look less like a mom, and more like a hot wife."

Her use of the term "hot wife" stirred David's arousal. He'd done enough internet searches to know what that term meant. He doubted Ashley did when she used it though. But at that moment, his wife did look hot with her D cup breasts perched proudly in her new black crop top.

"You had your hair done, too?" David asked.

"Yeah, no more ponytails for me, except for at the gym," Ashley replied with a smile.

"I love the new look," David replied as he moved in for a kiss, a real kiss.

"Ew, gross," their twelve year old daughter scoffed, interrupting them.

David told Ashley all about the new hire, Jeremy, over dinner. She was happy to hear that he finally hired some help. They were hoping to add three more employees, but even gaining one was a start. This was her husband's dream, and seeing it come to fruition filled her with joy.

After cleaning up their dishes, David looked at his wife in her new outfit. The sun was starting to set, creating a perfect backdrop to take some more pictures.

He went to his office and grabbed the camera. Ashley saw it in his hands and the hopeful look in his eyes as he entered the kitchen.

"You want to?" David asked, pleadingly.

"Sure, do your magic with that thing," Ashley replied.

"You're the magic," David argued. "This camera just has a way of capturing it from you."

David held the door open for her once again and then repeated a similar photo shoot, but David pushed her to get a bit naughtier this time. Her short shorts and top revealed a bit more skin than her summer dress did, and when she bent over, the shorts rode up quite provocatively.

"Are you going to show these pictures to anyone?" Ashley asked.

"I won't if you don't want me to," David replied.

"I'd rather you didn't," Ashley replied.

"Okay, lean forward a bit, perfect," David said as he snapped pictures of her, highlighting her cleavage. Her areola almost showed.

"Now turn and bend over again," David told her.

Ashley could feel the hem of her shorts ride up into the crack of her ass, essentially creating a thong. She looked back at her exposed cheeks, showing concern.

"Isn't this too much?" Ashley asked her husband.

"With you, it's never enough, Ash," David smiled. "You are so damn sexy."

Ashley felt her nipples harden and become sensitive up against her thin top as she posed for her husband. David snapped away as his wife posed sexily in her new outfit.

She looked down and noticed David's erection pressing against his work jeans. She envisioned herself stripping off her clothes and letting him take her right there in the backyard. The thought of it invigorated her.

"David, if our kids weren't home, I'd let you take me right here," Ashley told him as she bit her lip sexily.

David put his camera down and pulled her into a deep kiss. He loved this new side of her. It was as if he'd awakened something within his wife that had been asleep for a long time.

That night, when David exited the shower, Ashley was sitting on the bed holding a condom packet in her hand. She rolled over and sprawled out on all fours, wiggling her creamy thick ass at him.

"I thought we could do it like this tonight," Ashley told him as she waved the condom at him.

David walked forward, dropping his towel. His dick was already hard and ready as he ripped open the wrapper and unrolled the condom down his shaft. He brought the tip of his penis up to her moist folds and ran his cockhead between them. He could feel the heat of her smoldering pussy. She was drenched.

"You're really wet," he said, wondering what had made her so worked up. "I really love the new you."

David pushed forward into her depths as she pulsed around him, squeezing his shaft in her wanton grip. Her whole body trembled as she stifled a moan, finally getting the penetration of her sex that she desperately needed at that moment.

"Yes, baby, I needed this," Ashley whispered as she laid her face down on the bed and arched her back up at her husband.

David began working his hips in the rhythm she loved so much. She knew it wouldn't take long for her orgasm to come. She imagined they were both in the backyard at that moment, having sex in the open air, exposed to the world around them.

They'd never had sex outside. Her experience was limited to missionary and doggy style with her husband in the confines of their bedroom. They were both virgins when they met, and neither was the adventurous type.

Neither one of them had performed oral sex on the other. The thought of taking a penis into her mouth disgusted Ashley, and she never let David do it to her for the same reason.

Ashley felt her husband's balls slapping against her clit with every thrust of his perfect phallus. The added stimulation when he reached under her and squeezed her breasts was all it took to push her over the edge.

"Mmmmmm yes!" Ashley cried into the mattress as her body trembled.

Ashley's Kegel muscles pulsated around David's shaft. He looked down and could see her pretty pink anal opening squeezing in rhythm to her body's release. He imagined what it would be like to have his penis in there as his own body started to let go.

David's balls pushed up into his scrotum as his whole body tensed and pushed his cum into his writhing wife. He squeezed her nipples hard as he let go inside her.

"Mmmmmm," David stifled his own moan as his cock pulsed inside her.

He collapsed on the bed next to his wife in post coital pleasure. She leaned over and planted a gentle kiss on his lips before lying on her side in his arms.

"That felt really good, Dave," Ashley told him.

"You were really worked up tonight," Dave replied. "I love the new Ashley."

"I guess feeling sexy helps your libido," she replied with a smile.
