------------DISCLAIMER STATEMENT--------------
This is a sexually graphic story with adult 
content. You must be 21 years of age to read. 
The characters in this sexual fantasy story are 
imaginary, and are not a representation, in any 
manner, of any real world person.



Story: The Bookstore
Author:Es2c

	I'm a closet sissy.  As such, we sissies have to be 
careful not to be taken advantage of because we're so 
trusting and appreciative of friendship, as well as the 
people, especially men who understand our needs.
	Along those lines, I want to let everyone know about 
the wonderful friend I made today.  I'm really writing this 
in my diary so as to get the days events captured while 
they're fresh in my mind. 
	I was so excited about meeting him, I forgot to get 
his name, how silly of me.  However, I did give him my name 
and phone number, so I do hope he calls.
	It all started out while I was at one of the new adult 
bookstore I hadn't been at before.  As I was walking down 
the aisle of TV/sissy literature, I noticed this handsome 
black man looking at me.  I was careful to avoid eye 
contact with him, but kept track of his occasional glances.
	As I walking over toward another part of the rather 
large store, he spoke and asked me if I found the TV/sissy 
literature interesting.  I replied coyly "I guess okay, 
that is if you find that sort of thing interesting."
	He then let me know that he wanted to pick out a 
selection as a gift for a friend of his that was a closet 
sissy, and that had only confided of that to him recently.
	I'm sure he saw the startled look in my eyes at his 
revelation.
	It must've been my look that caused him to say after a 
moment "You're a sissy too aren't you?  I can tell by the 
way you looked at me."
	Stunned momentarily, I excused myself and walked out 
of the store.
	On the street, I applauded myself for avoiding being 
detected by the stranger, who could've been a cop in 
disguise looking for a bust.
	I went further down the street and decided to have a 
light lunch.
	As I was sitting at the booth about ready to eat, the 
stranger from the bookstore slipped in bedside me.
	Again I was stunned.
	After a casual greeting, he again resumed his former 
line of discussion and went deeper into the topic of sex 
and even propositioned me.  I felt then that he was not a 
cop, as they don't make propositions.
	I replied, "Assuming I am a sissy as you suggest I am, 
I'm sure I wouldn't just suck anybody, least of all someone 
I've only known for less than an hour and just met a public 
place."
	We talked more and more about why he wanted me to give 
him a blowjob.  His comments were very flattering toward 
me.  You know, how good my lips looked and how good they'd 
looked wrapped around his stiff dick.  Those type comments.
	He appeared to be a nice guy and so sincere about how 
the hard problem he had between his legs was getting to him 
because of just looking at my mouth and imaging it was a 
pussy.
	I was so persuaded by his need, that an hour later I 
had two loads of his hot sperm in my tummy.  He was a 
wonderful suck.  I reveled in the taste of his hot jism as 
he shot off two hefty loads from his very handsome dick 
down my throat.  It was so delightful to do him as I knelt 
between his legs in a peep booth, back in the same 
bookstore where we originally made contact.
	He was so appreciative and reiterated that he was so 
grateful for me doing what his wife had refused to do for 
him since they were married.
	He said he was married even though he didn't wear a 
wedding ban.
	"I hope you understand I just don't do this type thing 
all the time.  It's just that you were really in need and I 
like being of help to others in need."  I said to him.
	He thanked me again.  He then said.  "You know it's a 
shame you couldn't help some friends of mine who are around 
here whose wives won't suck for them either."
	I reiterated that I was not a public cocksucker and 
that I would need to know more about the men before I let 
them put there hard strange dicks between my lips.
	Again he was so persuasive. I agreed to do a couple of 
his friends, but let him know in no uncertain terms, he'd 
have to vouch for them and that they had to keep what 
occurred a secret.  He promised. 
	"You're truly a gem.  Stay here, I'll bring my first 
friend back, he's right out here in the store.  He's going 
to be so excited that you're doing this for him.  Here put 
these tokens in the slot and keep the video going until I 
can get him back here." He handed me a hand full of tokens 
before leaving.
	It took two tokens before the man returned with his 
friend.  The man looked very young, but he had his cock out 
and ready for action.  He even dropped his pants and wanted 
me have him open crotch, which is my preference too.
	He let me know he'd always wanted to rub his crotch 
all over a sissy's face and have his ball lapped and sucked 
before getting a blow job.  Strangely I wanted to do the 
same.  I did as he wanted. We both got what we wanted that 
day.
The man I met, and his friends must've come down as a 
group, for before the day was over, I'd sucked the hot 
burning loads from 11 of his friend's cocks.
The other thing is that the man's friends must've owed 
him money.  I say that, because before each of them came in 
the booth to get sucked off by me, they each discreetly 
gave him what looked like a twenty-dollar bill.
After I'd finished his last friend, the stranger who'd 
set me up to suck off all his friends thanked me for being 
so understanding.  He gave me 3 dollars for bus fare and I 
gave him my phone number.
	As I was riding home, I reflected that even though I'd 
sucked off 12 guys for about a quarter a piece, I could be 
considered a two-bit cocksucker.  I mentally laughed at 
myself.

---END---


	
