Dare Me
by neverdoubted 

Dare Me - Chapter 11 - Severance Package (Part 5)

Every head turned as Lucy entered the mall. Every..single..one. She had been turning heads for years and had to be used to it by now, but this was different. The two-story Westfield mall was laid out traditionally in a giant "X" shape except with an elongated middle which had a food court jutting out from it. She tried to keep her head up and walk normally down the 30-foot-wide corridor that separated the stores, but her tiny outfit and the amount of skin she was flashing obviously bothered her.

Her underwear did technically hide her privates from view, but that was part of the problem. There wasn't enough outerwear to hide her underwear. She kept giving into the temptation to tug on her shorts, a mere temporary reprieve from flashing her girlish panties. But there was no fix for her extremely short crop top. From the top of her panties to the bottom of her bra-encased boobs, her entire hourglass torso and trim tummy was hopelessly exposed. And whenever she let go of her shorts, within a few steps, they settled back down to flash her pretty white undies to the whole world once again.

So far, I didn't even need to do anything to increase the pressure. Her current state of exposure in such a public place seemed to be working wonders. She was holding up, but barely. But she was on thin ice with me. I was still mad that she had broken her vow back at the swimsuit boutique to follow all my orders. It was about time for another test. One more slip-up like that, and she would really feel my wrath.

The eyes of every person we passed tracked hungrily up and down her gorgeous, scantily clad body. Eventually, all that unwanted attention became too much for her and she turned to me for help. Her confidence faltered and, pulling her shorts up for the hundredth time, she wrapped her arms defensively around her in a futile gesture.

"Mikeeey," she whined, "help me! They're all staring at my panties!"

Ya think? I watched in amusement as the white waistband slowly slid back into view to the delight of everyone around us.

"You want people to stop staring at your panties? Fine, come with me." I answered then set out with determination at a more rapid pace. I knew the mall layout pretty well and had studied the map when we first entered. But I didn't need a map to find my intended destination. Every boy in every mall in America intrinsically knows where the Victoria's Secret is located. I stopped at the entrance and let her catch up.

I gave her a hundred-dollar bill along with my instructions. "Since you don't like everyone staring at your panties, you get to pick out a new pair that doesn’t poke out your shorts. I'll give you five minutes."

She blinked in surprise then her face went white. Only the tiniest, briefest pair of panties would be small enough not to peek out above those shorts! After all, it had no waistband!

"No, Mikey, please!" she begged, "I thought you were taking me to buy a different outfit. Can't we go somewhere else?"

I got legitimately angry this time and didn't have to act it. "You never learn, do you? No hesitating, no arguing, and no questions asked. That's what you promised. And now you're doing all three at once!" I grabbed her by the hand and dragged her into the store like the petulant child she was, not caring if we were making a scene. The people loitering outside and in the corridor already knew full well that Lucy was having wardrobe issues. Perhaps they would assume the commotion was related to that.

Trying to ignore the underclothed mannequins all around us, I led her to the back and pointed toward the changing rooms. "Go in there and take off your panties." Then I grabbed a random pair off a nearby shelf and held it hooked over my finger with my arm outstretched to demonstrate. "Bring them to me like this. I'll be waiting at the Cinnabon. Once you have given me your panties, you can have four minutes to find a new pair. If you haven't picked out something in four minutes, you can go the rest of the day without. Now GO...and no more tugging at your shorts. It's unladylike."

I guess my outburst startled her into obedience. With her eyes fluttering, she immediately turned and headed into a changing stall. I left the store then ordered a drink and a roll at the Cinnabon directly across the corridor and grabbed one of the three rickety patio chairs reserved for paying customers. No reason not to enjoy a snack while I waited. After all, I was a growing boy. Soon, the same people who had seen Lucy dragged into the store two minutes earlier got to see her walk out on her own volition. The chaste white fabric that had formerly encircled her waist was now hanging from her outstretched fingertips.

Blushing profusely and ignoring the pointing and whispers around her, she walked across the corridor and gifted me her age-appropriate panties, then turned and went back inside to search for something much more suggestive and mature. Everyone gaped at the top third of her bare bottom now exposed by her apparently voluntary decision to temporarily go commando.

Still seething, I marked the time on my watch. If she wasn't back in four minutes, I vowed to drag her out of there, if necessary! But my heart softened as the minutes ticked by. When time was up, I even decided to give her a grace period in case she had gotten delayed waiting in the checkout line. Some of the onlookers left, but I noticed lots, mostly boys and men, lingering to see what that gorgeous young lady, in skimpy attire and no panties, was up to.

About a minute later, she did emerge, sporting a nice blush and a brand-new pair of grown-up panties. She had found a pair in a shade of dark blue to match her shorts. They must have been incredibly skimpy, because there was no sign of them at all on her lower abdomen in front, only flawless Lucy flesh curving down almost to where I knew the cleft of her pussy began. But two delicate lace straps emerged on each side and wrapped around her waist to meet in the back. The back was nothing more than blue lace that joined together and ran straight down her butt crack to disappear into her shorts. You could even still see her crack through the dark lace if you looked closely enough.

I'm sure it was the first time in her life to be wearing a sexy pair of panties. Her normal ones were purely utilitarian. Of course, on her everything looked sexy. Still, I was a little surprised that she had picked out something with so much lace and so little, well, panty. Maybe it had been the best she could come up with in only four minutes.

Now forbidden from adjusting her shorts, her efforts had been redirected to protecting her modesty up top. She kept her arms folded high and tight on her chest, to at least block the underside of her bra cups peeking out below her top. And she kept tugging at the hem of her shirt as if the act would somehow produce more of the terribly insufficient material. Speaking of bras, a thought occurred to me just then and I had to ask her. Weren't bras and panties supposed to be a matched set?

She treaded carefully with her answer, checking to make sure it didn't break any of my rules. "Nnno....they...don't usually match. They can be any color."

"Are you sure?" I asked doubtfully. Then I held up her old white panties as if to remind myself what they looked like. My real reason was to remind her and the onlookers how she had very recently taken them off and brought them to me while I sat there. "I could have sworn you were wearing a matched set this morning. Show me your bra."

As much as she hated it, she knew better than to argue or hesitate this time. She quickly unfolded her arms and, with her face burning, lifted her shirt and held it high to give me, and the now very engaged crowd of boys and men, a better look at her bra. It wasn't every day they got to see a gorgeous blonde lifting her shirt to show off her bra-encased chest, even a small one, in the middle of the mall, and Lucy's humiliating display drew plenty of attention.

Almost comically, I looked back and forth between the bra on her chest and her panties in my hand. "Yeah, I knew it! They do match!" I said triumphantly. "You can't trick me."

"I'm not tricking you, " she promised, “they don't always have to match." then she leaned in and quietly added, "can I put my shirt back down now? People...are...staring!"

I whispered back, "That depends. Have you learned your lesson yet?"

She nodded heartily, her big blue eyes full of sincerity and just a hint of desperation. I probably should have left it at that and let her move on, but my hormones got the better of me just then. I couldn't stop wondering about that delicate blue lace around her waist and between her legs. Did they really make a matching blue bra out of that same see-through material? I had to know.

"Ok, you can lower your shirt," I said. With great relief she quickly dropped her shirt to stop flashing her bra cups to the world. Her arms went right back into a crossed position below her chest. But her relief soon turned to anguish when she saw me pulling another $100 bill out of the money pouch. I motioned her closer then whispered my next orders in her ear.

"I'm glad to see you learning to obey. But I still think you will look better in a matching set," I said with a wink. "Go back to a changing room and take off your bra. Bring it to me on your finger, then go buy the one that matches your panties. If you're quick enough, I won't make you model it for everyone out here...now GO!"

She jerked up in surprise, her eyes fluttering. Grabbing the $100 and staring at the tile to avoid eye contact with her adoring fans, she rushed back into the lingerie store.


Dare Me - Chapter 11 - Severance Package (Part 6)

The crowd of dedicated onlookers had swelled to at least twenty. Any thoughts of shopping were forgotten as they waited with bated breath to see what the girl of their dreams would do next. They were not disappointed when she appeared at the store entrance with her breasts now unencumbered by a bra. All nearby conversation went silent and for the first time I noticed faint piped-in music playing.

Her bra, unmistakable to everyone who had clearly seen it earlier when she lifted her shirt, now hung free from the index finger of her left hand. She hugged her right hand to her bosom, obviously distressed about her too-short crop top. She carried the bra across the corridor like a white flag of surrender and delivered it to me. But before I accepted it, I motioned for her to lean closer and issued a command.

"Stop trying to cover up. You're only drawing attention to yourself. Now you better put your arms at your side and stand normally or you will regret it. How would you like to walk back with your hands on your head? "

The threat worked. Knowing her little shirt would be no match for that position, and she would be forced to flash her nipples to the audience, she willed herself to drop her hand to her side and accept the partial exposure. From my seated position, I could now see quite a lot of the undercurve of her grade "A" American breast meat. In addition, two proud caps pushed out the front of her shirt and caused the bottom to hang straight down. I could faintly make out the turgid outline of her now unprotected nipples through the pale-yellow fabric.

Satisfied, I tapped my watch with impatience. She saw the signal and spun in place. She flashed me the blue lace of her new panties eagerly hugging her plump bottom and headed back toward the store in a hurry. The ragged hem of her shirt, hanging loose, swayed back and forth with a rhythmic motion.

Once she disappeared into the store, excited conversations resumed all around me and drowned out the dull music. Embarrassed to be just sitting there holding a girl's underwear, I folded her bra, the cups still warm from so recently cradling her breasts, along with her panties and tucked them into the Cinnabon bag, the only thing I had available.

Just then a patrolling mall cop appeared and noticed the suspicious clump of people loitering outside the Victoria’s Secret and starting to clog the corridor. It wasn’t unusual for him to have to clear out horny teenagers who were leering at the posters of underwear models. He approached and dispersed the crowd. Most left but some resorted to "shopping" at kiosks or perusing windows a fair distance away but still close enough to keep an eye out for Lucy's imminent emergence. As an official Cinnabon customer, I was spared and allowed to remain where I sat.

I was trying to decide if I would make her flash her new bra for me when she got back. If it was made of the same material as her panties, her boobs would be covered by little more than blue lace. I didn't want to push things too far and risk the attention of mall security. But I really wanted to see her model it for me. My difficult decision became a moot point, though, when she emerged a few minutes later still bra-less.

She came over with tears forming in her eyes, her arms still at her side and her boobs hanging cutely out the bottom of her shirt.

"I tried Mikey, I really did, I promise. But they don't have my size. Please, can I have my..."

She caught herself mid-sentence and snapped her mouth shut. She had almost questioned me again by asking for her old bra back. But I let the near-error slide.

"Forget it" I said, "we're behind schedule. Just give me the money back."

"I...I lost it," she said with a wince, "I don't have any pockets and I set it down in the changing room. And it was... Please..."

I growled and stood up so quickly, she jumped back in alarm. Can't this girl do anything right?! On reflex, she lifted her arms to her chest for protection. She automatically tugged at the hem of her top then realized what she was doing and forced her arms back to her sides. Her eyes drifted down to the Cinnabon bag where I had placed her old underwear. It was so close! She looked back at me, and I could tell she really, really wanted to ask me to let her put her old things back on.

It was only minutes ago that she was complaining about her old underwear. But now she would give anything to get to put them back on. Best to remove the temptation, I thought. I picked up the bag and held it out. A glimmer of hope flashed across her face but was dashed immediately by my next statement. I nodded toward the Cinnabon counter where a pimply-faced teenager was manning the register.

"Take give this to him and ask him to throw it away for you. Be sure and tell him what’s in the bag and that you don’t need them anymore."

She took the bag and hesitated just long enough not to get into trouble, then made the dreaded walk up to the counter. The boy's eyes bulged out when he saw her approach. She handed him the bag containing her more modest panties and her only bra and, blushing profusely, she forced herself to tell him she didn’t need them anymore. His jaw dropped open and he peered inside as she turned and walked back to me. Sure, it was wasteful of me to have her throw away a perfectly good set of underwear, but I felt the lesson was worth it. She needed to stop dwelling in the past and stop trying to control the situation all the time. I was in charge.

I warned her to keep up with me this time then set out at a pace too rapid for her shorter legs. I was still mad that she had lost the money and tried to think up some way to make her pay for that. I was distracted by her chest jiggling a dance as she hustled down the corridor beside me. She walked as fast as she could without resorting to jogging and just managed to keep up. Every step, the creamy bottom of her perky little oranges flashed into view up to the bottom of her nipples.

I let her humiliating display continue through the heart of the mall in the general direction of a department store. It was high time we start checking things off my list and this would be a good place to start. But then, as we rounded a corner, a competing interest came into view. And despite all my dire warnings of us being behind schedule, my feet turned my path toward the entrance. I know, I know. I shouldn't have stopped. I should have had the willpower to pass it by. but I couldn't stop myself. It was a fatal weakness of mine - the arcade.

My entire childhood had been spent deprived of the pleasure of video games. We had no home console and the few times I did find myself around an arcade, I never had any money to actually play the games. But now I literally had thousands of dollars in my pocket and no one to say "no".

Lured in by the siren's call of electronic sound effects, I went straight to the counter and cashed in $20 for tokens. Lucy tagged along, grateful to at least be out of the bright crowded corridor and into the darker arcade setting. She followed behind me as I made my way around the room, pouring quarters into one game after another. I hate to admit it, but I sucked. I had no experience whatsoever and died quickly over and over. But I didn't care. I just fished out another quarter and euphorically poured it into the next machine like a degenerate gambler in Las Vegas.

Whenever my tokens ran out, I made Lucy go cash in another twenty. I also had her make a run to the snack bar at the back. She had to be somewhat embarrassed to be made to do all these chores while so underdressed. But I wasn’t keeping track of her. I could care less at the moment. Any thoughts of making sure her tasks were sufficiently embarrassing were temporarily overshadowed by the sheer joy of video games.

With no concern for the amount of twenties I was burning through, I zoned out and completely lost track of how long I was playing. My fingers were threatening blisters from all the too-hard button mashing and, although I had plenty of experience playing with another type of joystick (at least with my right hand, hehe) my wrists started to hurt as well.

After yet another game over, I grabbed for another token, but my pocket had once again gone dry. When I reached yet again for the money pouch, I caught sight of Lucy leaning against the wall between to game cabinets. She looked...bored, actually. More disconcerting, her diamond factory had gone cold. The front curve of her breasts had lost their stiff little points. Momentarily shaken from my gluttonous video game debauchery, I came to my senses and checked my watch. We had been there over an hour and a half. In that time, I must have spent well over a hundred dollars.

A pang of regret washed over me as I looked down at my throbbing fingers and aching wrists. What was I doing? After wasting so much time and money, what did I have to show for it? I felt so empty. But worse, I was letting her down too. I should have known from her former jogging dares that relegating her to meaningless tasks, even in a skimpy outfit, would never work. I had gotten so caught up in my own worldly pursuits, I wasn't holding up my end of the bargain.

That I was so bad at video games only added to my shame. I should stick to toying with her. That was a game I had plenty of practice with and could actually win. How could some unfeeling machine that just eats your quarters compete with that? I resolved right then and there to recommit myself to the dare and stop messing around. Time to crank things up.

she was leaning against the wall in a spot recently deserted by an arcade cabinet picking at a fingernail. Since I needed to go to the bathroom, I decided to make her wait for my return a little more interesting. When she saw my shadow looming over her, she looked up at me curiously.

"Hey, Luce, hand me your shirt real quick," I said, casually but with some insistence.

She opened her mouth, perhaps to question me or to voice some form of a protest, but made it die in her throat. By now, she knew better than to stall and risk being accused of hesitating. So, despite the absurd request, and despite every fiber of her being telling her to resist, she forced her hands to reach for the hem of her shirt. But her movements were extra slowly which gave her enough time to look all around frantically to see if anyone else was bearing witness her impending toplessness. Lucky for her, we were in a relatively remote corner of the place, and she was pretty concealed in the hole left by the missing arcade cabinet.

Her adorable little cherry-capped mounds came into view as she lifted her shirt over her head and held it out to me. My apparently sudden personality shift shook her to her core. She was now topless in a public place and her brain’s modesty preservation instinct was screaming at her to cover herself. I could tell she desperately wanted to put her hands over her naked boobies to block the adorable view. But I had already forbidden that. When I took the shirt, her arms dropped to her side tensed straight out with both hands clenched tightly.

I intended to tell her to wait topless in her skimpy shorts while I went to the bathroom. Surely, she could handle a minute or two of hiding out in the corner of the arcade without her shirt. But I couldn't get her attention. Her head was on a swivel and her wide eyes kept darting all around in fear. She was trembling slightly, clearly terrified at the prospect of being noticed. I had to resort to removing another piece of clothing to finally get her to pay attention.

"Hand me your shorts. And stop moving your head around so much."

Her head jerked up and she stared at me with saucer eyes. But somehow, she managed to force her hands to comply with the order. Gripping each side of her shorts with trembling hands, she leaned over and slowly peeled them down her legs. Stepping out of them, she stood back up, now dressed in nothing but her panties and a pair of slippers.

It was my first real look at her new panties, and I was surprised to learn they weren't all blue. There was a tiny narrow triangle of bright white satin in front cradling her most precious cargo. She handed me her shorts and forced her head to remain still, but her eyes were still darting all around.

"I'll be back soon," I told her, but could tell she didn't hear a word I said. I needed some way to get through to her. Perhaps the flashing lights and sounds were overstimulating her.

"Lucy! Look at me!" I commanded, and her eyes snapped to attention. She was taking short, too quick breaths and high-pitched whimpers kept escaping her lips; barely perceptible above the constant electronic din surrounding us. She was practically hyperventilating. I took control of the situation.

"Close your eyes and cover them with your hands." I ordered.

She complied, throwing her world into darkness. I stepped closer. Her arms were now blocking her chest from view. That would never do. I grabbed her elbows and she resisted initially, but then allowed me to raise them up to shoulder height. With her hands clamped tightly over her eyes and her elbows raised, her little exposed breasts were lifted into prominence on her chest.

She flinched but held the position as my hands slid up her arms and over her little swells. Her whimpers morphed into one drawn-out "eeeee" and I was delighted to feel her nipples harden beneath my fondling touch. Before I left, there was one more part of her I just had to sample. Releasing her breasts, I reached down and gently sampled the impossibly soft, satin fabric of her panties. My fingers found their favorite spot and nestled contentedly into her perfect little cleft. When I removed my hand, the clear contours of her pussy mound remained imprinted on the fabric.

"Don't move. I'll be back," I said, gathering up her clothes to bring with me.

"Mikeeeeeeeeeee!" she called out desperately but remained in place as instructed. Her high-pitched voice faded into background noise as I left her all alone in the arcade wearing nothing but a scandalous pair of blue lace panties with white silk.


Dare Me - Chapter 11 - Severance Package (Part 7)

I went to the bathroom then made a circuit of the arcade. I had been in such a state of euphoria earlier I had never really gotten the lay of the land. Besides the traditional game cabinets filling every nook and cranny, the arcade had plenty of pinball machines as well as the larger racing style setups; virtual cockpits you could sit in and drive, or mounted motorcycles that actually tilted around corners. It also had skee-ball and other carnival machines along one wall that dispensed tickets and a giant laser tag arena that looked pretty cool.

But due to competition from home consoles and computers, arcades were no longer in their heyday by that point. It was kind of looking rundown overall. Lucky for Lucy, that meant less people. The few customers I did see were almost all males. By now the local schools were out and more boys our age were now coming in. I could only imagine their surprise if one of them happened across the sexiest new game in the arcade; a nearly naked 12-year-old girl with her hands over her eyes and her naked boobies thrust out. They would surely know they had hit the jackpot!

She was still standing at attention when I got back and had remained undiscovered. Her long hair was "accidentally" hanging down more in front to partially cover her boobs. It was clever of her to think of that because it didn't break any of the rules. But I still didn't like it. I tried to approach quietly, intending to surprise her and get another sample of the satin-wrapped treasure between her legs. But even with her eyes blocked, I guess her other senses were on high alert. She perked up at my approach.

Before I had even reached her, she called out "Mikey?" in the hope it was me and not some stranger who had finally found her. I cleared my throat to confirm my presence but did go ahead and reach between her legs to sample her coin slot. To my great delight, my fingers felt a slight wetness through the satin this time.

I allowed her to move her hands and she opened her eyes; forcing them to stay trained on me and not look around wildly this time. She was monumentally relieved when I handed her shorts back to her. After experiencing what it felt like to be without them, I doubted she would ever complain about having to wear them again.

While she was putting them on, I asked her if she could put her hair up somehow. I didn't want her to be tempted to use her hair as covering again. She said she would but hadn't brought any hair ties. I didn't have any either. But looking down at her crop top in my hands, I was struck by a moment of inspiration, and managed a clever solution. See? I can improvise on occasion!

The short sleeves of her threadbare crop top came apart at the seams with a satisfying popping sound. I held them up triumphantly and asked, "will this do?"

She looked at me in horror, clearly traumatized to see how recklessly I had reduced the amount of fabric from her already insufficient top. But she couldn't deny the two loops of stretchy fabric would make for good hairbands. Working quickly to minimize her toplessness time, she wrangled her long blonde hair into twin buns atop her head. As a bonus, the yellow fabric holding the buns in place were a perfect match for her yellow crop top. Now without sleeves, I did notice the sides of her boobs showing on either side and suspected her nipples might show once we started walking. But it was too late to worry about that.

Once she was "dressed", I led her over to the laser tag counter. The large arena was a newer addition to the arcade, and as such drew more kids than the older games areas. Her underdressed body was subjected to another round of unwanted attention as I checked us in and paid for the next session. Ok, I admit, I only picked this activity because I had never been able to afford laser tag before and always wanted to try it. But don't worry, in my quest for personal entertainment, I wouldn't forget her needs this time.

We were herded into a dark preparation room with about 20 other kids and divided up into three teams. Lucy and I were assigned the red team and given vests with red marking and lights on them. Having never played laser tag before, I didn't really know what to expect. The vests were short, just big enough to house electronic sensors front and back and were attached to the laser "gun" by a cord. I fitted my vest then turned and helped her get it latched properly. I was disappointed to find it covered her more than her shirt did. But my disappointment was short-lived. Because just then they turned on the blacklights!

It turns out, in order to make the sci-fi laser effect, they turn all the regular lights off and keep the arena filled with fog from special machines. Seeing those laser beams through the fog makes you feel like you really are on some futuristic battlefield! But it can be hard to detect people cloaked in all that foggy darkness. So, they also add black lights which reflect and highlight any white on people's clothing. It was so cool to see my white socks and shoelaces glowing under the blacklights like they were battery powered or something!

"This is so cool," I thought, "too bad the effect only really works on white things....wait a minute! That gives me an idea!"

While the employee recited the rules and instructions to the group, I huddled next to her and whispered my own instructions into her ear. Her eyes got wider and wider as I spoke. Then it was time to enter the arena. Initially, I was momentarily distracted by the spectacle. It was a giant, open two-story space, a maze of connected rooms with nooks and crannies everywhere. There were half walls and obstacles to hide behind. Multiple ramps led up to the second story with more rooms, snipers’ nests and hidden paths to flank an entrenched opponent.

There were special targets distributed throughout at well. If you wanted, your team could go for objectives and shoot them when they lit up to earn extra group points. But most people just ran around shooting each other and ignored those bonuses. Even though we were ostensibly supposed to work as teams, the individual score was the only thing that mattered. If you shot your teammate though, points were deducted from your score. So, I learned you had to be more careful and check the color of the lights on a person's vest before firing. If you got shot, your vest would flash, and your gun and sensors stopped working for several seconds to give you time to run to safety.

We were given two minutes before the guns were activated. This allowed everyone to spread evenly and find a good starting spot in the rather large arena before the shooting started. But Lucy had to focus on another task, finding a good hiding spot for her clothes. As I had instructed, she was going to play this round of laser tag in just her panties.

"But Mikey," she whispered a near-question when I gave her the news, “What if someone... I mean, someone could take them.”

“Then you better hide them really well,” was my unhelpful response.

She took off down a hallway and I almost lost her. It was so foggy and dark. But by following the bouncing red LEDs of her vest, I was able to just track her. Every room we passed had at least two points of ingress and plenty of portals and windows for shooting angles. That made it impossible to hunker down. The only way to survive and score points was to keep moving. Even though the arena had to have been inside a square or rectangle building, the curving hallways and oddly shaped rooms made it impossible to stay oriented.

The bouncing red lights stopped at a small alcove. When I got close enough, I could just make out the distinctive double bun of Lucy’s hairstyle. She had already removed her top and was hiding it on top of a tall false wall at the back of the alcove. It wasn’t a great hiding place. If anyone walked by and looked up, they would be able to see it. But she was short on options and running out of time.

I had given her the option of keeping her shoes on. But I saw her slip them off anyway and put them on the wall beside her top. A smart move. Due to the blacklights, any white would attract unwanted attention, something a nearly naked girl would obviously want to avoid.

Unfortunately, there was another white thing she couldn’t avoid. When she stepped out of her shorts, and turned around, the tiny white triangle on her panties nearly blinded me. Made of brand new brilliantly white satin, her panties shined brightly like a beacon in the dark room. It looked positively radioactive and was even better than I could have imagined.

While the point was to draw attention to the fact that the girl had taken her clothes off, I feared it would put her at too much of a disadvantage. Her glowing crotch would be the most noticeable thing in every room and attract the boys like moths to a flame. So, I offered her a concession. For the duration of the match, she would be allowed to use her hands to conceal the triangle. But if she got shot, she had to stand tall with her hands in the air and flash her bright triangle in defeat for the ten seconds until her vest timer reset.

She welcomed the concession and adopted a pose which involved holding her rifle in one hand and using the other to block her triangle. Just then a horn sounded, and the laser guns were activated. She was hesitant to leave the alcove, but I insisted, saying she better memorize the way back or she may never find her clothes when this was all over. Just for fun, after she left, I circled back and grabbed her top and stuffed it in my pocket.

I caught up to her easily because she was walking very slowly and nervously, like a girl who had taken all her clothes off and was running around a laser tag arena trying not to get caught. She peered around every corner to make sure the coast was clear before proceeding. I trailed along behind her. Eventually we encountered someone in a vest with green lights on it and a shootout ensued. Lucy had trouble holding and aiming her rifle with just one hand free and came out on the short end. When her vest buzzed to indicate a kill, she stood up in surrender and flashed her triangle to the victor.

“What the...” a voice exclaimed, then a green team boy, drawn to the enticing display of lucy's glowing panties, left his cover and came closer to investigate the strange sight. Lucy was “dead”, but I was still very much alive. As soon as he was out in the open, I lined up my laser and shot him right through the chest. Right then, as he was looking down at his own flashing vest, Lucy’s reactivated. Now freed to stop flashing her nearly naked body, she moved to cover her triangle once again and instantly fled the scene disappearing into the fog.

For the next fifteen minutes, the same pattern repeated itself over and over. Lucy would lead the way into a firefight, get gunned down, then stand and flash her tiny panties to the lucky boy. I learned to hang back and pick off the enemy drawn in by her erotic presentation. I even started to learn the layout. When the "two minutes remaining" horn sounded, she took off in a panicked sprint to go find and retrieve her clothes. But she was still hampered by the occasional ten second penalty every time she got shot.

Leaving her to fend for herself, I stayed and picked off a few more enemies. When the game ended, the equipment shut off and I headed for the exit, proud of my performance. I was sure I had scored highly and had Lucy to thank for it. With her body exposed as bait, each encounter had turned into a shooting gallery for me. I exited into a debriefing room where we were supposed to hang up our vests and put the guns in holsters on the wall. I put my things away and waited for Lucy. She was one of the last contestants to emerge and was in obvious distress.

She had already put her shorts back on, but with tears in her eyes, she came up to me and showed me the rip in them. They had gotten snagged on a nail when she went to retrieve them and now had a big gash down the back. The entire back panel hung uselessly behind her and her nearly naked bum with blue lace running down the crack was hanging out. She was also still barefoot and only had one of her shoes, having apparently lost the other one.

But most appalling to her was the fact that she had no shirt. She hugged the electronic vest tightly when an employee appeared in the doorway and told us to hurry it up. We needed to clear the room for the next group. She was trapped and out of time.

"Help me, Mikey!" she pleaded, as the humiliation caught up with her and a real tear rolled down her cheek. At my insistence, she removed her vest and hung it on the hook then turned to me. I let her squirm a few seconds longer thinking I was about to make her go out into the lobby topless. I pushed her toward the door, then at the last second, pulled her top out from behind my back with a flourish.

"Looking for this?" I asked

Blinking back her tears in disbelief, she gave me the biggest hug of relief then yanked the crop top down over her head and chest. It had only taken a few minutes without it to make her appreciate what little I did let her wear. I was sure she would never complain again about my choices for her after having come so close to being forced out in public with no top at all. All it took was a little perspective.

My last second reveal had improved her situation somewhat, but I couldn't help with her ripped shorts or missing shoe. I decided to allow her to hold the rip closed with her hand. As for her feet, she would have to go barefoot until we could get to a shoe store.

Stepping outside the room, I stared at pride at my name atop the match leaderboard. I even had the highest kill-to-death ratio of the month! I'm telling you, if you ever go to play laser tag, get a hot girl to run around ahead of you in nothing but a pair of panties. It's like a cheat code!

I would have preferred to visit the department store next, but Lucy's clothing situation was admittedly growing quite precarious. So, I relented and let her lead the way to a teeny-bop clothing store. And by some fortuitous turn, there was a Samsonite store right across the hall! I told her to pick out something quickly so we could get going. She latched onto a cute dress with floral pattern, and we trudged over to the changing rooms so she could try it on.

When she came out to exhibit it, she looked gorgeous. The short hem accentuated her long legs, and it flared out adorably when she spun. The big tropical flower print was perfect for a girl on an island vacation. Although, it was perhaps a little tighter than it was supposed to be. She wanted to try on one size bigger just to make sure it was perfect, and there was another pattern that she thought might be cute.

Those suggestions made me yawn. Suddenly faced with the prospect of waiting around while my sister tried on a bunch of outfits made me bored. My mind shift gears to luggage. When I told her she could get it, her whole face lit up, but I warned her not to get distracted trying on a bunch of styles and options. I would allow one more round of fittings, then she had to pick one out and meet me at the luggage store. She agreed with a delighted squeal, then ran off to get the next size up.

Forgetting the proper way to behave in public, I absent-mindedly wandered into her changing stall while she was gone, curious to inspect the state of her old clothes. I picked up the tattered remains of her shorts and her heavily altered crop top.

Just then a shrill voice called out to me. "Excuse me, young man. What do you think you're doing?" It was an employee. An old lady who must have been responsible for watching the dressing rooms. I admit it did look odd, like I was snooping around where I shouldn't have been. I was also kind of caught red-handed holding Lucy's discarded clothes. Acting without thinking, I dodged around her and took off running. She tried to catch me, but I was much too slippery for her decrepit reflexes.

I ducked between some clothing racks and put distance between us. When I was sure she had lost my tracks, I quickly headed for the exit. No one stopped me from leaving, nor should they. It's not like I was stealing or anything! But by running away, I looked guilty. Easier to slip away than have to explain myself to some old lady who would never believe me anyway.

Once in the clear, I patted myself on the back at my slick getaway. It was the perfect escape. Sure, I could never set foot in that store again without risking a call to the mall security. But that was a small price to pay. When would I ever need to go back there? Expecting Lucy to wear her new dress out of the store and for the rest of the day, I tossed her tattered discarded rags into a garbage can. It never even occurred to me what a grievous mistake I had just made. By total accident, I had just taken all of Lucy's clothes and left her with no money to pay for her new dress!

I obliviously headed across the mall corridor to the Samsonite store. The luggage salesman was suspicious of my intentions and unenthusiastic about helping me at first. I'm sure he didn't get many 14-year-olds coming in to buy multiple whole sets of luggage; especially since we were not in typical vacation season. Spring break had long passed, and summer wasn't quite here yet. Who goes on a long trip in May before school lets out? But I let my money pouch do the talking. After I got it out and idly fingered some of the bills, he was willing to talk shop and answer all my questions.

As his only customer, I got his full attention. He herded me all around the store, pulling out various pieces of luggage and extolling the virtues of each. He spoke quickly, like a typical salesman sensing an easy mark. He showed me so many models I lost track of the features and the prices, probably one of his sleezy sales tactics.

After a while, I grew impatient and started to wonder what was keeping Lucy. I excused myself and stepped out into the corridor. I started toward the teeny-bop store but then remembered the old lady and stopped in my track. She could be anywhere in there and would certainly be on the lookout for me.

Thinking it best not to risk it, I ventured only as far as the middle of the corridor where I hid behind one of those miniature carousels for little kids. I peered deep into the store looking for my sister, but also keeping a keen eye out for the white curly-haired head of that mean lady. Seeing neither initially, I was about to retreat back to the luggage store when a commotion caught my attention. It was Lucy standing in one of the windows of the store wearing her new dress and waiving her arms frantically. What was she doing over there? Did she want to be part of the window display?

When she saw she had my attention, she motioned for me to come meet her inside. I shook my head and motioned for her to come out to me instead, but she refused. At a stalemate, we went back and forth pantomiming across the way until she held up the security tag of her dress in exasperation and I finally realized the problem. She didn't have any money to pay for it and I had taken all her clothes. Unless I brought her money to pay for the dress, she was trapped in there with nothing but her panties.

She looked insistently at me as the realization finally dawned on my face. But she didn't know about my self-banishment from the store. I stopped to brainstorm a solution. She couldn’t leave without setting off alarms and I wasn’t about to risk my own safety by going back in there. I could recruit someone to mule the money over to her. Maybe ask the suitcase salesman for a favor…

When I failed to act immediately, her impatience got the better of her and I saw her stomp her foot in anger like an ungrateful little girl. Since she was being such a child about it, I abandoned any idea of doing her a favor. I resolved right then and there, if she was going to buy that dress, she was going to have to get the money herself, even if it meant walking out into the corridor without her dress.

My new plan involved her stripping off her dress at the entrance to the store then running over to retrieve the money in the corridor in nothing but her panties. If I found the right spot, she would only be exposed for a few seconds. But as I was scanning around for the perfect location, my eyes landed on a much better idea. My creative juices started flowing again as I stared excitedly at the photobooth in the middle of the corridor.

A plan quickly forming in my mind, I held up one finger indicating she would have to wait another minute or so, then ran back into the luggage store to borrow a pen and paper.


Dare Me - Chapter 11 - Severance Package (Part 8)

I borrowed the pen and paper from the luggage salesman then returned to the hall. Lucy watched from the window, her face screwed up in confusion, as I entered the photo stall. I knew the concept. But having never used a photobooth before, I needed to see how it worked before writing down my instructions.

The back of the booth curved out to make a bench. I pulled the curtain closed and sat down to read the instructions on the inner wall. After feeding the required two dollars into the machine, a tv screen came to life showing my face across from me. Centering myself in the frame, I hit the big green button and a timer started counting down from ten. When it reached zero, a bright flash filled the booth.

Shocked and temporarily blinded, I just sat there and blinked my eyes for several seconds, barely recovering in time for the second flash. Why were they so close together? It's not like there was a photographer inside that little box who had a pressing appointment elsewhere. Neither was there a line of people waiting to get inside.

Then, wanting to see if it was possible to get into entirely new position in between takes, I made a silly face for my third pose. Instantly after the flash, I stood up and knelt on the bench then held up a peace sign. I found I actually had time to spare and had to wait for the last flash. The key was to act quickly and not sit there like a stunned idiot.

Still, I wondered how a person was supposed to think up and get into four separate poses in such a short amount of time. There was so much going on, the photobooth experience was overwhelming for someone who had never done one before. From when I pressed "Go", the whole thing took about a minute with about fifteen seconds between each flash.

This was a newer digital style booth, not one of those antique ones that made black and white pictures. But I still had to wait a while for the printer to finish. About a minute later, a filmstrip of four glossy color photographs dropped into a metal basket outside the booth. I mused at my silly pictures then sat back down to write my instructions.

When I was satisfied, I excitedly exited the booth. Lucy was still watching intently from the window of her store. I held up two hundred dollars, the money she needed to buy her dress, then wrapped my handwritten note around it along with two extra dollars and placed it back inside the booth. Then I pointed to her and pantomimed pulling her dress off and pointed at the booth. I saw her mouth drop open as I turned and walked away.

Her first challenge was not super difficult. She would have to figure out the best way to get to the booth in only her panties. It was only about 20 feet away from her. She could get there in a matter of seconds. She had no way of knowing what challenge awaited her inside, only that her salvation was in there in the form of money.

I picked out a spot leaning against the far wall where I could witness the whole thing. Gathering her courage, she stood near the entrance of her store and watch for a break in the crowd. She was in no hurry and would wait as long as it took to preserve her modesty. When the coast was clear, she whipped her dress up over her head in one smooth motion. I couldn't believe how quickly she could get that thing off her! Then without a moment to waste, she tossed it on a nearby rack and took off running toward the booth.

She scurried along the wall until she reached the booth and made it inside without being caught. The curtain only came down part way and even though her naked chest was hidden, I could still see her bare feet and legs sticking out underneath. When she unfolded my note, I smiled as I imagined her reading it. Here's what it said:

"Lucy,
Please take a seat and read this note completely before proceeding. You have been such a good sport today and deserve a reward. I have included enough money for your dress and then some. When you get back to the store, you may spend it however you want!

It must have been hard to resist the urge to play with yourself these past couple days. I can tell you're just dying to let off some steam. Look down at your hard nipples. You can't deny it. So as an added bonus, I'm going to give you an opportunity to fix that right now. And since you are in a photo booth, why not capture the moment in vivid detail while you’re at it.

Insert the two dollars and press the green button. The machine will take four photographs at equal intervals. For the first photo, sit up straight to show that you aren't wearing a top. Be sure and show off your naked boobies and pointy nipples to the camera. Don't forget to smile the whole time!

After the first flash, take off your panties and hold them in your teeth for the rest of the challenge. Be ready because it goes quickly! Get up on the bench and turn around so the camera can see what all that jogging has done to your backside. Turn back and smile to show how proud you are of your magnificent naked ass.

For the last two pictures, you get to play with yourself! Turn back around and demonstrate your best masturbation technique, the one that never fails to get you off. Be sure to keep everything in the frame. I know it might be hard to perform so private an act with that big lens staring at you. So, to motivate you, how about an incentive? If you can get yourself off before the last flash, you can keep your panties and take the photos with you. And your dare will be complete! Don't try to fake it, though. I can tell the difference by now. I will review the photographic evidence, so it better look and be real.

If you fail, the dare will continue and you have to stop touching yourself immediately. Leave your panties behind in the booth and run back to the store naked. Also, you have to leave the photos of your failed attempt in the machine for the next lucky boy who comes along to find it. When you finish this note, you must start the challenge. NO hesitating. Good Luck!"

I studied the curtain for signs of progress. The curtain didn't come down far enough and when she sat down as instructed, I could see all of her naked legs all the way up to the blue band of lace encircling her hips. Unfortunately, even though I knew, no one else could see from her waist up to tell that she was topless. I knew she had reached the end of the message when I saw her fumbling with the money. She sat the letter and the larger bills down beside her and fed the smaller ones into the machine as ordered.

I could tell when she pressed the green button because she turned her feet to the side and crossed them like someone posing for a picture would do. The real fun began after the first flash when I saw her stand up and push her panties down her legs. She was now officially naked in the middle of the mall. Any curious patron could have pulled that curtain aside and caught my sister nude with her panties between her teeth.

I saw her feet scramble up onto the bench as she knelt with her knees facing away from the camera. I could only imagine what a spectacular photograph she made when that second flash went off.

Now was the moment of truth. I could tell when I saw her knees swivel around and spread apart that she must have begun masturbating in earnest. With all I had put her through today, I wouldn't have been surprised if she managed to get herself off in 30 seconds. But secretly, I hoped she would fail and the dare would continue. I was really having fun toying with her. After the third flash went off, I would know soon enough.

After the fourth flash, her feet climbed down to stand wobbly back on the floor. I held my breath waiting to see if she had succeeded or not. The curtain rustled and a very red-faced Lucy stuck her head out. The strip of photos was still printing and wouldn't emerge for another minute or two. But to my great delight, she did not wait for them to come out. Seeing that the coast was clear, she darted out of the booth completely naked and gripping her money tightly and streaked toward the teeny-bop store, her panties having fallen to the floor forgotten. That meant, despite her best masturbatory effort, she had failed to finish the job in time!

A huge smile crossed my face as I watched her practically dive into the store and grab for her dress. She ducked behind an advertisement display and emerged with the dress now covering all evidence that she had just been naked and pleasuring herself in the photo booth nearby.

I eagerly went over to the booth to wait for the photos to finish printing. The strip that finally emerged revealed a wonderful tale in four parts.

The first photo was a relatively innocent looking young blonde sitting demurely without her top on. She had a bright smile and seemed almost happy to be showing off her perky naked breasts and stiff nipples to the camera. But other than her toplessness, nothing else seemed that unusual.

The second photo was much more suggestive. The same woman was now kneeling and facing mostly away from the camera with her hands on her hips. The perfect curve of her firm bare ass was on display, but her torso twisted so that she could still smile at the camera. That position caused her left boob to pop out in profile. Instead of letting them cover her naked bottom like they should, the naughty girl had chosen to exhibit the color of her blue and white panties by letting them hang between her teeth.

In the third photo, she was facing the camera with her knees apart as if to prove she had nothing left to show. This time, her right hand was wantonly spreading her pussy lips for the camera urging her body to somehow make an impossibly quick diamond. Her face was a mixture of shame and arousal as she stared at the unblinking camera lens with wild eyes. Her panties still hung from gritted teeth in something that might have counted as a toothy smile.

The fourth photo was the best of all. Her eyes were rolled back in her head and her panties were just starting to fall from her mouth which was just opening into a moan. Her left hand was tugging insistently on one nipple while her right hand continued its gratifying ministration between her legs. With her juicy pink flower petals now peeled back, I could see one finger pressing directly against her tiny magic button, a desperate but ultimately doomed attempt to get over the finish line in time.

Despite my threat, I wasn't about to let some random snot-nosed brat kid have these amazing photos. And I couldn't deny the educational valuable. I learned way more about female sexual organs and sexual stimulus response from those photos than anything they went over in sex-ed class. I pocketed the strip then retrieved her panties as well as my note which she had left behind, then I returned to my suitcase shopping.

Sadly, the luggage salesman took advantage of me, and I ended up paying way more than I should have. After scotch guard, the white glove detailing service, the monogramming, the lifetime protection package, and home delivery, I ended up spending $1,250 on those stupid suitcases. And we never even got to use them! Like a beleaguered soldier, I limped from the battlefield and found a place to lick my wounds and count the cost. Other than a handful of ones and fives, and a couple twenties, it was all gone. I had spent over $2,400 and didn't really even have anything to show for it.

Just then Lucy walked up, her new dress modestly covering the wanton sexual being underneath. She carried several bags of stuff she had bought with her $200. I realized we hadn't even bought swimsuits yet, the one thing I promised her, and resolved to at least put the rest of the money toward that.

At the next store, she found a cute bikini in our budget. I would have pushed her to get something more daring, but her dare had been moved lower in my priority list behind the fact that I had squandered all the money. I felt sick and just wanted to get home. When we got back to the car, I told mom this trip was turning out to be more expensive that I had planned and perhaps we could review the itinerary and cancel some more activities when we got home. But her fragile mood soured at that news and the stress lines piled up once again. So, I just told her not to worry about it. I would handle it in the morning.


Dare Me - Chapter 11 - Severance Package (Part 9)

I went to school next day but had trouble concentrating. I was so worried about the trip. When I got home, I saw Lucy laying out in the backyard working on getting a base tan in her new swimsuit. As much fun as it would have been to toy with her some more, I had responsibilities elsewhere. I went to the kitchen table needing to make an inventory of funds and figure out how much to remove from our trip. Did we really need two whole weeks? Maybe we could reduce it down to ten days or so.

But when I arrived, I saw the money envelope laying open on top of the pile of paperwork again. Even worse, almost all the money was gone! Thinking we had been robbed or something, I yelled for mom to find out what we should do about it. That's when she dropped the bomb on me.

"A man stopped by yesterday morning, a bill collector. I know, I should have just sent him away; told him we had no money. But he was so insistent I at least pay something. So, I gave him $500 out of the envelope, just so he would go away. I meant to tell you, but..." She said, then trailed off.

I didn't understand. Giving away $500 like that was a stupid thing to do. That explains why I found the envelope open yesterday. But why would it be open again tod...oh shit!

"Mom," I said with a lump in my throat, "tell me. You didn't give any more away than that, did you?"

It turns out bill collectors are a tight-knit group. Once one man discovered that the Jenkins family had come into some money, word quickly got around. They all came knocking today trying to beat each other to the punch and before long Mom had handed over more than half of the severance package to bill collectors. Defeated, I dropped into a chair as my tropical island hopes faded away like a mirage.

I wanted to yell at mom, but deep down I knew I only had myself to blame. She was a total pushover, and I should have kept tighter controls on the money. I learned a hard lesson that day. So, after a good half hour wallowing in self-pity, I turned the page and started to see what could be done to salvage our vacation.

I called the Samsonite store to see if we could cancel our order. If we weren't traveling around the world, we wouldn't need that much luggage anyhow. They charged us a restocking fee and for removing the monograms that had already been started. But I managed to salvage about a thousand dollars from that debacle. And there was still some money in the envelope that mom hadn't managed to give away yet.

I sent mom to drive to the Westfield mall immediately to get our refund, and not stop until she got back with the money! Then I made the hardest phone call of all. I dialed Kiki, our travel agent.

Kiki was not happy to hear the news. She kept reminding me that the down payment was not refundable. But she did offer to rebook us on another vacation without charging us another set of booking fees. Perhaps Vegas? That didn’t sound very family friendly. But where else could we go on such a tight budget?

Kiki had an answer for that as well. She just so happened to own a property not far from the shore in the Gulf of Mexico. She was willing to rent it out to us, off the books and cash only of course, for a discounted rate since we were in such dire straits. It wasn't exactly Fiji or the French Riviera, she explained, but it was still a beach and some people referred to it as the Redneck Riviera. I guess that was something.

I mulled over her offer. The flight was cheaper, the food was cheaper, and after cutting out trip down to four days, we wouldn't need to buy or pack nearly as much for the trip. With no other good offers on the table, I made the hard decision by myself and told Kiki to book it. I promised to have mom deliver the down payment as soon as possible and hung up. Then I went outside to break the news to Lucy.

She took it better than I expected. And pretty soon I was starting to get excited again. It wasn't exactly the once-in-a-lifetime vacation to paradise I had been dreaming of, but it was still a real family vacation to the beach. How could I complain about that? Then I remembered Lucy was still in the middle of her dare and I really started to get excited dreaming up all the fun things I could do to her on our trip.

I started back inside, then stopped and called back a taunt, "Hey Lucy, I like the new swimsuit you picked out. But don't get too comfortable in it. Vacations can get crazy, and you never know what could happen."

"What do you mean by that?" She called back nervously.

"I'm just saying," I teased, "you might want to spend some time base tanning without it just in case."


