My Step Sister: Taking It To The Next Level
Hi folks. It’s been a while. Here’s one from me.. finally. This is actually a continuation of a story I posted a long time ago called “My Step Sister: Caught in the Act” that you will find in Archive 1 now. If you haven’t read it, it might be a good idea to read it first. Not necessary but just a suggestion. Also, warning this story has graphic sexual content… 


When I was 13, my step sister Tina, who was 16 at the time, was left in charge over the weekend while our parents went on a little weekend vacation. As I have mentioned before my sister is a real “looker” with long beautiful hair, nice boobs for her age and a killer athletic body that’s hard to ignore. Because of this she also quite arrogant and took great pleasure in bossing me around all day the first day after my parents left. 

As her “little brother” my sister, for as long as we’ve known each other, had always liked to make a habit of embarrassing me just for fun. Often, in more recent years her favorite thing to do was to tease me with her sexiness wearing skimpy clothing, or prancing around in front of me in her knickers just to see my how I’d react. When she was really “feisty” she’d even play wrestle me sometimes, grinding her body against me trying to arouse and overpower me, on occasion even playfully tying me up so I was helpless and at her mercy. Once restrained she’d tickle torture me, or do even worse things, till I was either crying, or she had gotten her jollies out of humiliating me. As we got older it curtailed but still she seemed to relish in the roll of showing me she still had the upper hand. 

This afternoon she had her girlfriend over and after some time stole away to the backyard to smoke a joint. I knew what was going on even if I hadn’t tried anything like that yet myself. Needless to say, when they both came back inside they were acting very silly and weird. They both were making jokes and playfully teasing me, as was the norm at that time in our lives. Then giggling, my sister brought up a very sore subject that had just happened a few months ago. Right in front of her friend she tells the story of how she caught me in my room one Saturday morning jerking off! She made it as descriptive as she could making sure I was fully embarrassed. I could have killed her! Flush with embarrassment I stood there the subject of ridicule as they made one degrading joke after another laughing hysterically the whole time at my expense. My blood was boiling inside. 

Later that night I was lying in my room in only my underwear (in an attempt to keep cool since we had no air conditioning) watching TV when I heard a knock on the door. Knowing it was probably my sister or friend I got up making my way to the door to lock it saying I wasn’t dressed and not to come in. Before I could even finish my sentence my sister and her friend burst into my room laughing and giggling tackling me to the ground. Before I could react properly they had me pinned down with my arms behind my back. They obviously had pre-planned this because they proceeded to immediately tie my hands together behind me, then my feet. In only my underwear, screaming to be let go, they rolled me over so I was face up. 

“What’s up Boner Boy? You playin with yourself again… as usual?” my sister giggled to her friend. I could tell that they had been obviously drinking, and were high by the smell of their breath. 

“YOU BETTER LET..”, I started to scream out before I was immediately silenced by a hand covering my mouth. My head was held and a wash cloth was pushed into my mouth followed by a rope that was tied around my head gagging me. My muffled screams were barely audible now. They both began to tickle and pinch me all over laughing at my spastic reactions. I squirmed trying to break free from their grasp but the situation was hopeless. They taunted and ticked my sides and leg, and feet mercilessly. 

“Hmmm what do we have under here little brother?” My sister enthusiastically said as she snapped the waistband of my underwear playfully a few times. 

“Wanna see my brother’s thingy?” Tina laughed asking her friend. Her friend just laughed back showing her support, taking her cues from Tina. Panicked I wildly struggled to break free with all my might but they had me pinned down quite well nearly sitting on me. 

I screamed, “You better not or I swear I’ll kill you!!” through my gag to only have it come out on the other side as a series of unintelligible staccato’ed “Mffffh-mmffffh” noises. I was near exhausted from my efforts to break free already. 

“Hmmm should I, or should I not?”, she inquired almost rhetorically as she snapped away at my waistband of my under shorts. 

“I should”, she said answering her own question. With that she very slowly began pulling them down. With all the struggling and female contact I felt not only angry and embarrassed but unintentionally aroused by the whole situation. As she slowly slipped my underwear down past my hips it hung up as it made it to my bulge. With an extra little pull the elastic waistband stretched slightly and then popped past my semi-solid penis evoking a harmonious squeal of delight from both girls at the sight of my naked exposed unit. Then my under shorts were pulled all the way down to my ankles leaving me basically stark naked apart from my bound ankles which prevented the full removal of my shorts. I lay exhausted with very little fight left in me at this point. Holding me like this they both took a few moments to take in the details of my naked body and full erection. They seemed quite intrigued with it but not intrigued enough to actually touch it at this point. Instead they resumed tickling me all over causing me to squirm and struggle with my fully exposed erection bouncing around. Unbeknownst to them I was incredibly aroused at this point secretly hoping they would eventually make contact with my now rock hard cock. Being held down like I was it was hard to see who was doing what to me but the tickling and touching got more risqué till I felt hands and fingers brushing against and making direct contact with different areas of my shaft. With each brush against and rub I felt my rod pulse and twitch. 

“Hmmm seems like Boner Boy may like this a little more than he’ll admit” I heard my sister say as I felt a finger slid up the length of my shaft to the tip. I couldn’t believe this was happening. In between the laughing, taunting, tickling and smacking the touching became more and more excessive till I felt a hands grabbing and squeezing my shaft, even jerking it up and down every once in a while. With my heart beating faster and my breathing becoming more rapid I felt the surge build inside of me till I realized I was coming close to actually having an orgasm. The reality that I just might completely embarrass myself by ejaculating all over myself right in front of both of them hit me hard. I tensed up and concentrated as best I could trying to stop this from happening as they continued to toy, touch and tickle me at will. 

‘Oh Lord.. stop.. stop.. stop’ I mumbled to myself through my gag squeezing tight trying to stop the inevitable. Then, I don’t know who did it but one of them tickled the top of my shaft near the head one too many times causing me to pass the threshold of no return. The orgasm hit me hard and I ejaculated hard across my chest and right onto Tina’s face and shirt, who had been lying over my shoulders and neck pinning me down from on top. 

“Ahhhhhhhh!! Oh my G..!” she screamed out as she jumped off me like lighting leaving me hog tied, writhing around and cumming all over myself on the floor. Tina’s friend let go too and began laughing hysterically at Tina now. 

“Oh my God.. so gross! Ewe –ewe – ewe!!”, my sister blurted out in disgust as she ran out of the room wanting to wipe her face with her hands but hesitating to do so as if it was acid on her or something. Her friend followed her out laughing all the way down the hall leaving me naked and hopelessly tied up and gagged on the floor still. 

They left me tied and naked for what felt like forever before returning. In the interim I had managed to get to my feet and hop over to my bed trying to figure out how to get myself lose. Before I got too far my sister came barging back into my room all angry and inflamed over what had just happened, as if any of this was my fault in the first place! I think she was most embarrassed about getting squirted in the face with sperm right in front of her friend and being laughed at because of it. I could tell most of the attitude she was throwing at me now was for show in front of her friend, perhaps in an attempt to gain some respect back. 

“You’re a dirty dirty little boy!!”, she yelled at me. I would have yelled back but my gag stifled that. “I’m going to give you what dirty little boys deserve!” she said with a smirk on her face looking at her friend. With that she grabbed me and pulled me over her lap spanking my naked butt over and over till it hurt like heck! She spanked me till my butt was bright red and felt like it was on fire! After that she threw me on the bed and told me I could lie there like that all night. I was left naked, sticky, spanked and humiliated in my bed for seemingly hours. Eventually I managed to break free of my binds. Once I gained my composure all I could think of was sweet sweet revenge. 

My arrogant step sister was about to get something she probably never anticipated. Vengeance! And boy was she going to get it good…





