LITTLE MOUSE

by Jean Anonime

Clock crawls. Finally, six o'clock. Punch out. Goodbye, Golden
Arches. Car. Home. Shower. Dress: docksiders--no socks, chinos,
black UI jersey. Downstairs. Standard conversation: "Suzy's. Yes.
No. I will. I won't. I will. Bye." Car. Heading to my baby's.

I pulled into Suzy's drive at seven on the button. She was
waiting, standing on the porch. God? I don't know how you created
perfection in only seventeen short years. Long, luscious legs,
perfect ass in white short shorts, breasts yummy in a red tube
top, long blonde hair.

She walked down the steps kind of sexy like. Leaned on the edge
of the open window ... "Want to party, sailor?"

"Hop in, honey," I said, "We can party all night."

Then Mrs. Chambers came out with a little mouse in tow--five
three or four, frizzy brown hair, baggy brown sweatshirt and
baggy corduroy pants. "Hi, Jeff. This is Mandy, Suzy's cousin
from Peoria. She's going to be staying with us this summer while
her parents ... she's going to be staying with us this summer.
Why don't you and Suzy show her the sights? And remember don't be
late. I'll be waiting up."

Suzy hopped in the front seat and gave me this cross-eyed,
disgusted kind of look. The mouse got in back.

"What do you want to do?" I asked Suz.

"I'd like to chow down on a Big Mac or maybe a Whopper, get some
of that special sauce," said Suzy, looking me right in the eye
and running her tongue across her upper lip.

I was instantly supersized.

"But we just had a nice dinner," said the mouse. Suzy cracked up.

up. "Right," said Suzy, drawing it out. "Let's just drive around
a while. Show Mandy the wonders of Rock Island."

So I played chauffeur and Suzy played tour guide. We showed the
mouse the Arsenal Bridge, the Centennial Bridge, the bright
lights of a tug and tow heading down river, all the wondrous
sights of greater Rock Island. A little after eight we pulled
into a Kum 'n Go and got three shakes. We sat in the car, sucking
on our shakes. Suzy was doing that thing with her tongue and the
straw that always drives me crazy. Talk about supersized.

I turned around to look at the mouse. She'd taken off her
glasses. Actually, she was kind of cute, in a round sort of way.
Big brown eyes, a chubby little face, but cute.

"So, Mandy," I said, "So, you're from Peoria. You go to school
there?"

"I just finished middle school," she said, meek little voice, "I
start tenth grade this fall."

"So," I said, "what brings you to Rock Island?"

"My parents, they're getting a divorce. No big deal, but they
wanted me out of the way, so they shipped me up here."

"Anything else you'd like to do tonight, Mandy?"

"You know what I'd really like to do--"

I finished the sentence in my mind--go home and get to bed
early--take a long walk and leave you two alone for a while--go
to a movie by myself.

But that wasn't what she said. That wasn't what she said at all.
What she said was, "What I'd really like to do," and she looked
at Suz and then she looked at me and then her eyes fastened on
mine, "What I'd really like to do is get laid."

Suz almost choked on her shake. Her mouth fell open and she
couldn't utter a sound. I just stared at Mandy, speechless.

"Listen, you two," Mandy said, "I've been watching you all
evening and I know that what you'd really like to do is dump me
so you can go somewhere and get it on. But, man, I haven't seen
my boyfriend for close to a month and I'm hornier than a
four-point buck in rutting season."

"Ah, umm, maybe I can fix you up with somebody tomorrow--umm, one
of the guys I know, or something," I stammered.

"Anything. As long as it's big and hot and has a man attached."

Suzy's draw dropped another inch or so. I was beginning to think
that we'd have to take her to the emergency room to get her mouth
shut.

"I've got an idea," Mandy said, turning to Suzy. "Why don't we go
somewhere and share this hunk of man meat?"

I didn't think it was possible but Suzy's jaw dropped another
inch. Then she kind of shook her head and turned to face Mandy.

"You know, Mandy," she said, eyes twinkling, "that might be kind
of fun."

Talk about supersized.

"Just remember," she continued, "This boy toy's mine. We can
share him tonight, but tomorrow you've got to get your own!"

"Agreed," Mandy said.

Sometime, somewhere, somehow, I'd lost control of the evening.

Suzy got in the back seat with Mandy. For some girl-talk, she
said. They whispered and giggled together for a few minutes.

"Your parents are out for the evening, aren't they, Jeff?" Suzy
asked.

"Yeah. Probably 'til one or so."

"And your little brother's at computer camp?"

"Yeah."

A dim little bulb flickered in my feeble brain.

"Well, then," she said, "Home, Jeeves, and step on it."

I pulled into the drive and we piled out and headed for the
basement rec room. I turned on the lights and used the dimmer to
set them low.

"Here," Suzy said, "You just sit here in the recliner. Lean back
and relax. Let us take care of everything."

I put my feet up and tried to relax. The two girls knelt in front
of the recliner. They slipped off my shoes. Suzy ran her tongue
up the arch of my right foot and Mandy took my left big toe in
her mouth and sucked. Big Mac, Whopper, supersized.

Suzy went to the little icebox behind the bar and brought me a
cold beer. Mandy looked through the CD's.

"This one's nice," she said, putting a CD in the player. Good
Christ, it was some of that shit my folks listened to, Johnny
somebody. Romantic, I guess.

I couldn't believe what they did next. They fucking started to
slow dance. I just stared at them. They were dancing real close,
tits pushed together, grinding their pelvises together. Then
Mandy looked up at Suzy and they kissed. I don't mean a little
peck; I mean a real tongue down the throat scorcher. I couldn't
stand it anymore and started to unzip my chinos, give myself a
little relief.

"I hear that!" Suzy said, "Don't you dare!"

They kissed again, and then Mandy pulled Suzy's tube top off over
her head, bent down and wrapped her mouth around a tit. Suzy
grabbed Mandy's sweatshirt and pulled it off. Man, I couldn't
believe what she'd been hiding under that shirt. Two big,
beautiful boobs--and I mean big. Dark brown around the nipples.
Nipples stiff and long. Suzy put a hand under each breast.

She lifted them, and then looked at me. "How'd you like a taste
of these, big boy," she teased, fastening her mouth around one of
Mandy's big nips.

Now I knew that I had definitely, absolutely, without a doubt,
lost control of the evening.

They continued dancing and necking and sucking. Man, I was
getting harder than Chinese algebra. After a few minutes, Suzy
unzipped her shorts and added them to the pile on the floor.
Mandy's fingers found that downy blonde mound that I knew so well
and Suzy almost swooned. Suzy dropped to her knees and unzipped
Mandy's cords. Mandy stepped out of them and kicked them into a
corner. Cute round little butt. Suzy clawed at the waistband of
Mandy's panties and the panties soon joined the pile.

Mandy had the biggest, thickest bush I'd ever seen and Suzy had
her face buried in it. Mandy had her fingers in Suzy's hair and
was grinding her pubes into Suzy's face and I couldn't stand it
any longer.

I got out of the chair, walked over to the stereo, and turned it
off. They turned to look at me.

"Ooh, looks like someone is getting tired of being ignored,"
Mandy said.

"Yeah," said Suzy, "We'd better humor him or he'll get all
pouty."

They strutted across the room, boobs bouncing, hips swaying. They
stood in front of me.

"Well, let's see what you're so proud of," said Mandy, stroking
the bulge in my pants. She unbuckled my belt and before I knew
what had hit me, my clothes had joined the pile.

They stood there: left hand on right elbow, right hand cupping
jaw, fingers tapping mouth. They circled around me, pointing and
giggling.

"Not bad, Suz, I can see definite possibilities."

"Yeah, he's okay. His butt's a little skinny, but I think I'll
keep him awhile."

Mandy made a circling gesture with her fingers. "Turn around,
stud muffins, let's look at the back side."

I turned.

"Definitely not bad," she said, fondling my cheeks, "Let's take a
closer look at the old one-eyed monster, shall we."

I turned again. Suzy watched, giggling, as Mandy cupped my balls
and bounced them up and down. "Heavy hangers, I like that."

Mandy ran a fingernail along the underside of my shaft. It popped
up like a jack-in-the-box and just kind of stood there,
quivering.

"I think that's cute," said Suzy, a little smirk on her face,
"Sometimes he just can't control that thing."

I was starting to get mad. "Just a goddamn minute," I spluttered,
"I'm no side of beef here."

Suzy just giggled. Mandy gave me a peck on the cheek. "Poor
baby," she said, "I'll make 'ums feel better." She grabbed my
dick and pulled me to the couch. I followed--no choice there.

Mandy sat on the couch, her legs spread, her hand still holding
my cock. She gave it a hard jerk.

"Down, boy, on your knees."

No choice again.

She let go of my dick, which was beginning to feel a little
abused, and I dropped down to my hands and knees. I was staring
into the thickest, most luxuriant, most tempting bush I'd ever
seen. Mandy spread her legs a little more and I could see her fat
little cunt lips.

"He any good at this?" Mandy asked, pulling my face into her
snatch.

"Yeah, not bad at all," Suzy replied, giggling. She was going to
get hers later, by god.

Well, I thought, I might as well enjoy it. I ran my tongue all
around Mandy's puffy cunt lips, and then stuck it in as far as it
could go. Mandy sighed. Then I found her clitty--bigger than
Suzy's and stiff. I wrapped my lips around it, flicked it with my
tongue, sucking.

I looked up at Mandy. Her eyes were closed and her mouth was
slightly open. There was a little bead of sweat on her upper lip.
She grabbed my hair and pulled me back onto her pussy. Her thighs
tightened around my head and she began to moan.

I felt a hand on my ass. Suzy, I thought.

"Spread your legs a little," she said, her voice throaty and low.

I did. Then I felt a tongue hot on my balls. It worked its way up
my shaft, pausing to tickle that sensitive spot. I almost lost it
right there.

Suzy was on her back, her head between my legs. I felt her lips
fasten around my big plum and her tongue tease the opening. She
stroked the bottom of my prick with her tongue as her hand slowly
jacked my shaft.

Mandy was getting louder as I continued to work her sweet cunt
with my mouth and tongue. I started to hump Suzy's mouth,
completely out of control. Mandy's thighs clamped tighter around
my head and she shouted out--"Oh! You bastard. Oh, God! Oh sweet
Jesus fucking Christ!" She came, gushing all over my face. Then
Suzy's finger found my asshole and she pressed and probed and I
couldn't hold it any longer. Jism kept shooting out of my
convulsing dick as Suzy sucked and stroked and squeezed. I almost
passed out.

We eventually untangled ourselves. Mandy just sat on the couch,
breathing slowly, eyes closed. I stood---my legs shaky. Suzy
stood and I could see a splat of cum on her cheek and another
drying in her hair.

Suzy stepped into me, her breasts soft against my chest. Her
hands cupped my ass and she ground her pussy into my now limp
dick. We kissed and I could taste the semen in her mouth.

"Okay, you bastard," she said, "You've gotten off and my dear
sweet cousin's gotten off. Now it's my turn." Her fingers began
stroking my balls, and then they wrapped around my shriveled
dick. "Come on, boy," she said, stroking, "I know you've got some
more for me."

Mandy finally stirred from the couch and came over to us. She
took Suzy by the hand and led her to the couch. "Come on, Suz,
let him rest up for a minute. I've got something that'll take
care of you."

Suzy sat on the couch, a puzzled look on her face. Mandy dug
around in the pile of clothes and pulled out her purse. She
rummaged in it for a few seconds, then pulled out the biggest,
blackest, nastiest dildo that I'd ever seen. It must have been a
good nine inches long and close to two inches across and had
thick veins and slight curve.

"Here you go," Mandy said with a grin, "Fresh batteries and ready
to rock 'n roll. I thought I was going to have to use this on
myself all summer. But now I don't think I'll need it." She
looked at me and winked. "At least, not as often, I hope," she
added.

She sat next to Suzy and laid the dildo between her legs. Suzy's
jaw had dropped again. I hoped it wasn't a chronic condition.

Mandy sat on the couch, and then leaned over and wrapped her
mouth around Suzy's tit. Her fingers began to stroke and fondle
Suzy's pussy. Suzy sighed, then pulled Mandy's face to hers. They
kissed while Mandy's fingers worked their magic on Suzy's pussy
and clit. Suzy spread her legs wider. Mandy had four fingers
inside Suzy's snatch and Suzy was moaning and squirming. I could
see her pussy hair glistening with her juices. Mandy picked up
the big dildo and flicked it on. She pressed it against Suzy's
clit and Suzy jumped like she'd been electrocuted.

"Whoa, take it easy," Mandy whispered, "You're going to like
this."

Mandy withdrew her fingers from Suzy and rubbed the big dick with
Suzy's juices until it was slick, then began to work it into her
cunt. Suzy gasped, then relaxed, as the nine-inch monster
disappeared inch-by-snch into her pussy.

Mandy slowly worked the dildo in and out of Suzy's cunt. "God,
Jeff," Suzy said, "I think I'm in love. What's his name, Mandy?
Can I have him?"

"His name's Mike, Big Mike. And you can borrow him once in a
while, if you're a good girl."

Mandy increased the pace, then bent down and began to tongue
Suzy's clit. I could tell Suzy was about to let go. Her face and
chest were flushed and she was breathing fast. Mandy increased
the tempo again and Suzy's back arched.

"Oh, god. Enough. Oh, god. More. More."

Suzy arched again. Her head was whipping back and forth. Her
pelvis was thrusting to meet Mandy's thrusts with the big dildo.

"Oh, yes. More, do it more. Oh, god, Jeff. Suck my tit. Please.
Suck it. That's it. Suck it all in, harder. Oh, god."

She convulsed again and again. I was beginning to get worried and
looked at Mandy. "Don't worry, Jeff," she said. "She's just about
there. Just a few more strokes from Big Mike."

Mandy pulled the dildo out real slow then jammed it home, fast.
Suzy shrieked, and then her face went slack and she collapsed on
the couch.

"She's okay, Jeff. She just passed out. Old Mike does that to you
sometimes."

Mandy lifted Suzy's feet onto the couch and covered her with a
blanket. Suzy was whimpering, her body occasionally jerking and
shuddering. We watched her for a few minutes. Mandy stroked her
hair and eventually she calmed down and began to snore softly.

"She'll sleep for an hour at least. Why don't you show me the
rest of the house?" She ran over to the steps, her cute ass
jiggling.

I started to dig through the pile for my pants.

"What are you doing, silly. Come on, there's nobody here."

Mandy headed up the stairs, bare-ass naked. I followed along.
Definitely out of control, this evening was definitely out of
control.

It felt funny walking through the house naked. God, what if my
parents came in, I thought. I checked the clock--only
nine-thirty.

"The bedrooms are upstairs, right, Jeff?" I nodded yes and Mandy
headed up the stairs. She was flinging open doors: my room, my
little brother's room, the guestroom, the bathroom. When she got
to my parents' room, she opened the door, flipped on the light,
and ran over to the bed. She bounced on the mattress a couple of
times and then lay back on the pillows.

She spread her legs and stroked her pussy. Her eyes were fixed on
mine. "Ever want to fuck a chick where mommy and daddy do it,
Jeff?"

"Come on, Mandy, that's not funny. Let's get out of here." I was
embarrassed.

"Oh, come on, Jeffy. Let's do it right here. I can be mommy and
you can be daddy and we can fuck our brains out."

"Come on, Mandy." I tried to pull her off the bed but she pulled
me down on top of her.

"Just like mommy and daddy, Jeffy. Do you think they do it every
night? Do you ever hear them? Does your mommy scream like Suzy
does? I bet your old man's got a big one, big and thick like
yours. I bet your mommy just loves to feel it stuck up her cunt."

I got up and wrenched Mandy off the bed. She could see that I was
angry.

"What's gotten into you, Mandy?" I asked.

"Nothing, Jeffy. What? Don't you think your parents do it? Don't
you think that your mommy loves it? I bet she just loves getting
pinned down on that big bed with your daddy ramming her. Do you
think she ever takes it in the ass, Jeffy? Do you think she gives
good head, Jeffy?"

I slapped her. She just stared at me.

"That was nothing, Jeffy, you can do better than that." She
turned and walked out of the room.

I smoothed the bedspread, turned out the lights, and went looking
for Mandy. I felt awful. I hadn't meant to hit her. I'd never hit
a woman before and it didn't feel good.

I found her in my room, sitting on the edge of the bed. I walked
across the room, my engorged prick jutting out in front of me
like a battering ram. I stood in front of Mandy.

"Hi, Jeffy. Look what Santa left in your bed--a fuck doll of your
very own. Come and play with your fuck dolly, Jeffy. Dolly needs
some big cock. Fuck your little dolly like daddy fucks mommy.
Come on, Jeffy. Fuck me, Jeffy. Or would you rather just hit on
me for awhile."

I slapped her again, hard. I pushed her down on the bed and held
her down with my forearm on her chest. I forced my knee between
her legs and pried them apart.

I lay my full weight on her and stared into her angry eyes. My
hand found her wet hole and I guided my iron-hard shaft to the
opening. I rammed into her. She gasped and I rammed again. I
drove into her, again and again. Sweat dripped off my face onto
her breasts. I held her shoulders down and reared back. I rammed
her again, impaling her on my fierce shaft, driving deep into her
cunt.

"Oh, god, Jeffy. Fill me with your spunk. Fill me with hot cum.
Oh! God! Pump it into me, you bastard."

I couldn't hold it any longer; I rammed into her one last time
and let go. She went wild, milking my throbbing prick with her
cunt. She couldn't get enough. Her fingernails dug into my back
and she thrust up against me, lifting me. Then she screamed and
dropped back on the pillow, breathing hard.

"That was great, Jeffy. I knew you had it in you. Does Suzy fuck
you like that? Can she make you come like that?"

I rolled off her onto my side. She fondled my poor spent prick.

"Look how soft it is. I drained you dry and it just shriveled up.
It's cute like that. So frail." Suddenly, she buried her face in
my neck, sobbing.

"What's wrong, Mandy? Did I hurt you? Are you okay?"

"Just hold me, Jeff. Just hold me for a little bit," she sobbed.
I held her and stroked her hair and stroked her back. After a few
minutes, she quieted down.

She got up on her elbow and looked at me. "I'm sorry, Jeff. I
don't know what got into me. I shouldn't have said those things
about your parents or about Suzy. It just that my parents ...
it's so goddamn unfair. God, I hate them. They're getting
divorced and now they want me to choose between them. Choose
which one I want to live with. I love them both. How can they
make me choose? I'm only a kid. I shouldn't have to choose. Some
days I think that I'll just run off and join the circus or
something. Anyway, I didn't mean to take it out on you. Just
sometimes, I'm so angry and so scared. I don't know what's going
to happen to me."

I didn't know what to say, so I just continued to stroke her
back. She kissed me. I realized that we hadn't kissed before. She
tasted so good. We kissed and petted and kissed again.

"Jeff," she said, a funny look on her face. "Jeff, I want you to
do something for me, okay?"

"Sure, anything, if I can."

"Oh," a sly smile, "I think you can."

"Well, what? You're a sweet kid and I'll do anything I can."

"Jeff, please... I want you to make love to me. It's been so long
since anyone made love to me."

"But we--" She put her finger to my lips.

"That wasn't making love. That was just fucking--fun and games
fucking. Don't you know the difference?"

I thought about Suzy. She was a great pal and we had fantastic
sex. She was going east to school in the fall, but I didn't even
know if I'd miss her. Maybe I didn't know the difference.

"We can make love. I can show you," Mandy whispered.

I looked into her big brown eyes. She was special, I realized,
and I wanted to make love to her. "Yes, please," my voice
choking, "Please, show me."

"Okay, just hold me like you were. Hold me for a while."

We lay side by side, looking into each other's eyes, caressing
each other softly. Then I took Mandy's breast and brought it to
my lips and ran my tongue over the nipple until it stiffened.

Mandy's fingers stoked the hair at the back of my neck and a
surge of electricity went up my spine. She pulled my face against
her breast. "Harder, Jeff, suck it harder."

She took my hand and placed it between her legs. I explored the
secret folds of her sex. Her hand sought my penis and delicately
stroked it.

I raised my face from her breast and our mouths joined. I eased a
finger deep into her vagina, moving it in and out as our tongues
teased and played. She caressed my back and hip and butt as she
stroked and fondled my rigid shaft and swollen sack. I teased her
clitoris with my thumb as my fingers delved deep into her vagina.
Her hips moved in answer to my hand's question.

Mandy threw her leg over my hip and drew me closer. She guided my
rigid penis to her labia, shoving my hand away. Slowly, she
rubbed the head of my shaft along the full length of her opening.

I trembled as her warm wet inner lips tried to draw in my glans.
My hand sought her breast as I pressed my mouth hard against
hers. We lay clinging to each other. I could feel our hearts
beating together. Wherever our skin touched, I felt fire.

Mandy pressed against my shoulder, rolling me onto my back. She
rolled with me then straddled my hips. Guiding my eager shaft to
her opening, she lowered herself slowly, so slowly.

She smiled as she enveloped me with her silken soft wetness. She
lifted herself until only the head of my swollen penis was still
inside her. She dropped down, taking my full length. I raised my
hips, trying to push in deeper. The feelings of pure sexual
pleasure were like nothing I had ever known before. Each time
Mandy pushed herself down on me, waves of exquisite joy surged
through my body.

I watched Mandy. Her eyes were closed; her head was thrown back,
her mouth open; her breasts were drumming on her chest. Slowly
she increased her tempo. I thrust my hips in cadence with her
movements. I brought my hands to her breasts, stroking and
pinching the swollen nipples.

"Yes, Jeff, yes," she cried, falling forward onto my chest. Her
hips hammered against mine, again and again. Her movements became
more urgent, more frenzied, more insistent. She buried her face
against my neck. "Oh, God, Jeff, it's happening," she whispered.

Then her movements slowed. I moved with her, slowly, oh so
slowly. The rhythm was natural, eternal, unchanged since the
beginning of time.

Suddenly, I was nothing but a penis; the rest of the world didn't
exist. I could feel nothing but the sensuous slithering of flesh
on flesh, the slippery suction of withdrawal, the silky slide of
thrust. I could hear nothing but the roar of blood surging
through my veins, pounding in my groin. I could see nothing but
velvet black oblivion.

"Oh, Jeff. Slow, slow. Oh, that's so good. I can feel it coming.
So slow. So perfect."

She shuddered. Her vagina tightened and held me deep within her.

"No, Jeff. Not yet. Please not yet. Just slow ... slow ... slow."
She shuddered again, whimpering. "Now, Jeff. Now."

I thrust into her and held myself deep in her vagina. I pulled
back, then pushed deep into her again. Suddenly, I didn't know
where I ended and where she began. Our orgasms joined and peaked
and rose and peaked again. We seemed to have one body, one body
consumed by a unquenchable sexual fire. I knew in my heart our
passion had seared and scorched our very souls. I knew that we
could never go back to what we had been before.

After an eternity, our movements slowed, then ceased. Mandy
collapsed on me; her lips brushed my nipples, her fingers stroked
my cheek. I lay there, satiated and exhausted. A feeling of
perfect well being came over me. I hadn't known that it could be
this good.

Mandy lifted her face from my chest. "I love you, Jeff," she
whispered, voice deep and hoarse.

The evening was definitely out of control.

END

Comments on this story are welcome. Please write me at:
jeananonime@hotmail.com

Thanks, Jean

