Till date, I have narrated to you my own personal experiences. I agree there have been quiet a few of my experiences. Some have written me that these all are my own imaginations. I assure you that each one of my experiences is cent percent true. But I have no more personal stories to tell. These were my limited personal experiences, which I have shared with all of you. From now on, I am going to narrate to you sexual experiences of others " of women who I know personally, from my friends, some are experiences told to me by my friends of others. Meanwhile, I want to tell you that I continue to enjoy sexual bliss sometimes with Rahul (he has become very busy with his studies and we get lesser time to enjoy sex nowadays) and Anil. Sometimes, myself, Anil and Rashmi, we enjoy a threesome too. 

Well, coming back. Today, I am going to narrate you a sexual experience of my friend Mrs. Aruna. Arunas daughters and my daughters go to the same school. We often meet at the school open day. We became good friends and go to each others house often. It was after a long time Aruna opened up and shared with me her own secretive sexual experience.

Aruna is married to Prabhakar. She is staying with her husband, her father-in-law, eight-year-old daughter and her own mother. Her mother was staying with her till about two years ago but has since shifted to a small rented house. I will come to the reason for her shifting out later at the right time. Well, Aruna is 33yrs old, with wheatish complexion. She is around 5'9" in height, good medium sized breasts, slightly heavy buttocks and a plump figure. Overall she has an attractive personality and she is well spoken and well read.

Aruna belongs to a small town. Her father was in the postal department and her mother was a housewife. Her younger brother is presently in USA. Aruna had nothing to boast of her childhood except that she had led a very conservative life. Her friends were also as simple as her and not city slickers of the metros. She told me that even-though sex was a big topic with them it was all half-baked knowledge. However, unlike cities, in small places accessibility to sex is much more. Many of her friends had narrated her stories of seeing sexual acts of their parents, uncle-aunts, brother and his wife and sisters and their husbands. Aruna had not been so lucky until one night. She had got up in the middle of the night and while returning from the toilet she had heard moaning noises from her parents room. She went close to the door and realised that it was her parents having sex. Aruna did not wish to loose this opportunity to know what sex is about. So she carefully tiptoed around the house and hid herself near her parent's window. She saw through the partially closed window that the room was illuminated with red glow of the night bulb. Aruna sought out her parent's bed and she was thrilled to see that her parents were totally nude on the bed and kissing each other. Her mother had her fathers sulli in her hand and was stroking it. Aruna stood there discreetly and for the first time in her life witnessed the act of sexual intercourse. After that Aruna started understanding the body language of her parents ( all human beings, like animals, send out signals in the course of the evening to their partners about their willingness for sex) and took her appointed place at the window. Sex had also become an integral part of her psyche. She became obsessed with sex and started masturbating daily.

Time flew away. Aruna completed her graduation when shewas 21 years old and in due course of time she was married off to Prabhakar. Later Prabhakar got a job in Mumbai and they shifted to Navi Mumbai. Prabhakars mother had expired when he was only a ten-year-old child and therefore his father also shifted with them to Navi Mumbai. Everything went on smoothly for nearly five years and gave birth to their first daughter. Aruna suffered the loss of her father when he died of severe brain hemorrhage. Her mother was left alone in their town. When Aruna became pregnant again, her mother was called upon to take care of her. Once her mother came to her house, she became part of the family and then never went back to her native place. 

When she married Prabhakar, Aruna was very happy. All those sexual fantasies, which she had built over the years, were about to be fulfilled. Marriage was, however, a big disappointment. Prabhakar was an intellectual and studious sort of person. Sex was not a priority with him, studies and his career were. Although like all married couples they consummated their sex life on the first night, the frequency of sex was not regular. Aruna, who had seen her parents indulge in sex at a ripe age, was not satisfied. She wanted passionate sex daily but Prabhakar was not so sexually oriented. He fulfilled his conjugal duties irregularly and as time passed the frequency of their sex declined. When Aruna was pregnant for the first time, Prabhakar did not touch her from the first month to well about six months after delivery. Even after that sex was only a reluctant obligation for him. By the time the second daughter came along, their sexual life was at a nadir. They irregularly had sex twice-thrice in a month. Prabhakar had also undertaken higher studies of Company Secretaryship for which he had to study late in the night. Aruna was left unsatiated. A person who was dreaming of sex all the time had become desperate. She started masturbating vigorously and craved for sex. Prabhakar oblivious to her needs slept contentedly. Sometimes Aruna used to wake up in the middle of the night and masturbate and moan with sexual fulfillment sometimes to incite Prabhakar but he never even got up from his deep sleep. 

An incident, which took place one day, changed her life altogether. Prabhakar and Aruna used to sleep in their bedroom with their second daughter. Her mother used to sleep in the hall with her elder daughter and her father-in-law used to sleep in the second bedroom. One night about three o'clock after having a satisfying orgasm induced by her masturbation, Aruna went to the toilet. While returning, when she happened to look into the hall, she saw that her daughter was alone on the mattress and her mother was nowhere around. She searched her in the kitchen but she was not there even. And when she sullied her head at her father-in-laws bedroom she heard low moaning noises. She was aghast. She peeped through the keyhole of the bedroom and the sight threw her off-balance. Her mother and her father-in law were totally nude and her father was sucking her mother's buxom boobs. Aruna's body was on fire. The scene unfolding before her shocked the hell out of her. But holding her breath she continued her keyhole inspection. After sucking the one inch long black nipple and massaging her mothers boobs vigorously, her father-in-law placed his palm on her mothers pooku (cunt/vagina in telugu). He parted her mother's pooku and inserted two fingers inside and started finger fucking her mother. Her mother was wriggling her hips to receive the fingers. After finger fucking her mother for few minutes, her father  -"in-law came and lied down near her mother. Her mother got up and took hold of her father-in-laws huge sulli. 

Aruna was totally mesmerized by the size of her father-in-laws sulli (sulli in telugu). It was not less than 8-9" long and was 2-3" thick. Aruna felt an ache in her loins and her pooku was dripping wet. Aruna's mother took the huge sulli in her mouth and started sucking it. Now it was the turn of her father-in-law to moan with pleasure. Aruna's mother bobbed her head on the entire length of the sulli in her mouth. Aruna's father-in-law caught her mother's head in both his hands and was thrusting his sulli in her mouth. After few minutes, he took out his sulli, rolled her mother on her back, spread her legs wide apart and slowly inserted his monstrous sulli in her mothers glistening wet pooku. They thrashed around for sometime, Aruna's father appeared to be a consummate fucker. He fucked Aruna's mother furiously with her mother also joining in an abandon gaiety. The fast pace of their fucking induced both their climax simultaneously and Aruna's father in law ejaculated himself deep into the recesses of her mothers pooku. Her mother had thrown her head back in the aftermath of her orgasm. Aruna's father-in-law flopped on her mother's body and her mother embraced him in her loving and caring arms. Aruna could not withstand the ferocity of their lovemaking and she ran to her bedroom. She was seething inside at the irony of the situation. On the one hand her mother who had always enjoyed sex with her father was lucky to have an able sexual partner at this age also and on the other hand she, Aruna, at the ripe age of 30 years was cold with desire. 

All her sexual fantasies lay in shatters. All her sexual needs remained unfulfilled. Aruna was beside herself with rage and jealousy. Rage at her own position, rage on her husband who was oblivious of her sexual discontent. Jealousy for her mother who had been lucky to have such rich sexually fulfilling life. That night Aruna was angry at the world. 

Next day, it was a new Aruna that got up from her bed. She had decided in the wee hours of the morning that she would change her fortunes. All her family members were oblivious to her turmoil and went to their daily routines normally. There was nothing to suggest in the behavior of her mother and her father-in-law that they had enjoyed so satisfying sex overnight. They were normal and as casual as they were daily. 

Aruna was in turmoil. She had to take drastic action. She genuinely felt that it was not her mother who needed sex at this age but herself. She gave the situation a lot of thought. She knew she had to create first a rift between her father-in-law and her mother and then only she could plot her next move. Aruna knew that money is a time-tested weapon to create any sort of rift between two people. She planned her assault by cutting down her father-in-law's allowance every month. This had the desired effect. Her father-in-law became grumpy and started sulking. When her father-in-law asked her the reason for cutting down his allowance, she tactfully let him know that it was her mother who had instigated her. This annoyed her father-in-law and he abused her mother. After that Aruna noticed a distinct animosity and sort of cold war between the two of them. Aruna was happy that her strategy had worked perfectly. Things between her father-in-law and her mother went from bad to worse. There were often heated arguments between the two and many showdowns. 

Aruna checked up at nights and found that there was no more sexual intimacy between her mother and her father-in-law. She was jubilant. The animosity multiplied ultimately to such an extent that a day came when her father-in-law put his foot down and ordered Aruna to send her mother back. Prabhakar and Aruna talked over the situation and tried to reason with both their parent. However, when no amicable solution was found, it was decided that a small house would be rented and her mother would stay there. It was not possible to send her mother back to the native place since she was needed to take care of the children as well. So fine day, Aruna's mother shifted out and Aruna heaved a sigh of relief. She was overcome with guilt on being so cruel to her mother. She also knew that to achieve her goals she had to sacrifice her values. She also concluded that after all it was not a big sacrifice. 

Aruna now planned the second and most important part of her plan. She was mesmerised by her father-in-law's sulli and had often fantasised about it. Prabhakar was as usual indifferent to her needs. She put her plan in action. She started wearing provocative dresses in the house. She would deliberately keep the buttons of her nighty open. She would often drop her saree pallu when her father-in-law was around. She noticed the effects of her display from the corner of her eyes. 

One day her father-in-law came from outside took his bath and went to his room for changing his clothes. Aruna on some pretext opened the door of his bedroom without knocking. Her father-in-law was in the process of removing his underwear. His supine sulli was hanging out and he was half bent to remove his undies. When Aruna barged in he was caught unawares and could not cover himself in time. Aruna also feigned surprise but made sure to look at his sulli directly. She then abruptly withdrew from the room. Aruna's father-in-law had noticed the glance his daughter-in-law had given to his sulli. 

Time moved on. Aruna realised her father-in-law had become conscious of her presence and used to give her more personal attention. She also never let a chance escape her, to show him her provocative body. One day she was sleeping in her bedroom. Her father-in-law was also at home. She had deliberately kept her bedroom door slightly ajar. She had also hiked up the hem of her nighty well over her thighs. She was sure her father-in-law would notice it. And she was absolutely right. While going towards the toilet, her father-in-law casually peeped and was bowled over by the sight of her half naked thighs. He also was leading a celibate life since his break-up with Aruna's mother. Even though he had never desired his young daughter-in-law, lately he was getting attracted to her charms. But being a god-fearing person he used to ignore the thoughts and go about his daily life. 

Aruna knew she had to take the initiative and go all out. She became bolder and started openly seducing her father-in-law. She would wear transparent churdars and nighties went at home. Sometimes she wore a transparent nightie in the night but would deliberately not wear any bra. She would keep two of her buttons open and show himher cleavage while serving him tea or food. Her experienced father-in-law was surprised by her behaviour. He knew there had to be some intention behind all these display. He decided to find out the reason. He started listening at their bedroom door discreetly. After about one month he realised that his son and daughter-in-law had no sexual relations to speak of. In the entire month he listened carefully he observed that they had sex only once a month that to on the provocation and argument of Aruna. He realised that his son, an intellectual person, was not enamoured by sex. He also knew that at this age leading a celibate life was unhealthy and frustrating. 

He decided to sort things out. He decided to talk to his son first. After his talk he realised that Prabhakar was not very much of a man and would never be able to satisfy his wife. Prabhakar though sexually not unfit was mentally averse to sex. He thought over for a long time over this peculiar situation. He was worried of the consequences also. He understood that if his daughter-in-law remained sexually unsatisfied she would seek out her needs outside. He knew that if she took that step it would play havoc with his family especially his granddaughters. He also understood that her recent behaviour indicated that she was attracted to him and was trying to seduce him to fulfill her needs. He remembered when she had accidentally come to his room while he was changing and saw his sulli. He could still recall the gleam in her eyes when she had seen his sulli. Therefore, reluctantly, he decided to take matters in his own hands.
   
Arna's father-in-law, was a Engineering Consultant. He was around 58 years old and was doing the consultancy just to pass his time. Once he decided on the course of action he started staying home often. Earlier he used to leave for his office even though he had no work. His staying home curtailed the movements of Aruna. But she was not very disturbed by it. She became more naughty and went flat out in seducing her father-in-law. One day it was raining heavily and she was absolutely drenched from head to toe when she returned from the market. Over and above that she was wearing a white transparent saree which hid nothing and revealed everything. When she entered the house her father-in-law was lounging wearing his lungi only. Aruna was absolutely wet. Her thighs, her navel, her bossom and her plump buttocks were all visible through the transparent white saree. Aruna's father-in-law was mesmerised by the display. He scolded her for wearing such a saree. She demurely replied that she liked to wear such dresses. He replied "I know Aruna. I have been noticing it. But is it right to be shameless". Aruna replied "I don't really know what is right or wrong any more". He asked her "Why do you say that". Aruna literally broke down and started sobbing. She said "You don't know how frustrated I am". He didn't say anything. Aruna proceeded towards her bedroom. He followed her there and categorically told her " Aruna, I am warning you, your behavior is going to destroy the family. I request you to change yourself". Aruna just exploded " What do you mean. Your good-for-nothing son leaves me sexually so frustrated. I definitely need a man. I am desperate for sexual satisfaction. You tell me what should I do". This open sexual talk shocked her father-in-law. He also shouted at her "Aruna, behave your language do not talk to me about this things". Aruna replied "Then whom should I go and talk. Should I go and stand in the market and shout about my problems". He did not have any words to soothe her. All this sexual talk had given him a huge erection that was forming a tent in his lungi. He turned to run away from the situation and also avoid the embarrassment caused by his erection. But Aruna went for the kill. She said, "Why are you running away without replying to me. Don't try to hide your erection from me". Saying it she lunged and pulled and divested him of his lungi. Aruna's father-in-law was utterly helpless standing before her in his white underwear, a huge erection making a bulge. 

This one act of removing his lungi broke the wall of relations between them and Aruna reached out and embraced him tightly. Aruna's father-in-law was breathing fast. He tried to disengage himself from her grasp. He said "Aruna, this is not right. I am your father-in-law. This will be incest. God will never forgive us". Aruna replied "I don't care. For me you are just a man. And believe me I desperately need a man to fulfill my sexual needs. I want this". With that she reached and held his sulli over the cotton material of his underwear. The man in him also responded. Forgetting their relation, he encircled her in his strong arms. A new relationship had just begun.

Aruna's father-in-law spoke " Aruna, I will be the man in your life. But nobody should come to know about this. It will be a scandal". Aruna nodded her head, tears welling up in her eyes "Yes, appa". He reprimanded her "Don't call me appa anymore. Atl east not when we are alone. Call me Raja when we two are together and Appa before everybody". Aruna replied "Yes Raja". Aruna placed her lips on his wide chest and kissed him sending a wave of electricity coursing through his body. He held her close his hands holding both the buns of her buttocks in his hand. He cupped her face in his hand and kissed her on her lips. He said ""Aruna remove your wet clothes. You will fall ill". Aruna said "Raja, do it yourself". Aruna closed her eyes and stood before him in her serene white saree looking like a drenched apsara (angel). He slowly and expertly removed her wet saree, her blouse, her petticoat and lo and behold she was standing before him in only her bra and panties. Her bosom was weaving up and down, her ample breasts pushing at the seams of her tight bra. Raja leaned forward and placed a kiss in the recess of her cleavage. His cold lips sent a shiver down her spine. Raja expertly removed her bra hooks and threw her bra aside. Her 33C boobs sprang out. Her boobs were slightly sagging. Her black nipples sticking out of their one inch areola base. He squeezed both her breasts and pinched her nipples. He started massaging her left breast in a circular motion. Aruna went limp in his arms. He lifted her in his strong arms and delicately laid her on her bed. 

Once on the bed Aruna pulled his head towards her lips and planted a long kiss. She started fondling Raja's sulli over his underwear and pleaded him to remove it. Raja had already pulled all the curtains and switched on the small lamp. He started kissing her neck and proceeded to her boobs, he pulled and massaged them till she moaned. Her nipples became swollen inviting him to them. He took them in his fingers and squeezed them hard. Aruna was a now in a sexual stupor and languidly enjoying the soft administrations of her lover, her eyes half closed. She had never felt these sensations before. She was pulling his hairs and digging her nails deep in his back. He kissed her tummy and flicked the button of her navel. He could see her panty wet from her juices. He massaged her thighs and peeled her panties and kissed her legs every moment massaging them making his way to her pooku. Aruna always shaved her pubic hairs as she felt pubic hairs curtailed the sexual pleasure. Besides the smell due to sweat and pooku juices. She felt it more hygienic to shave her pubic growth. But she waxed it in such a way that only a curly triangle of hair was left on the crown of the mound leaving the opening all the more available and enchanting. Raja moved down and he put his finger inside her pooku and caressed the portals of her wet pooku. He massaged the outer and inner labia of her pooku and inserted his middle finger inside the soft cave of her pooku. When he touched the ultra-sensitive clitoris she let out a moan "Oh, Raja". He bent down and started kissing the loose labia and dived in to kiss her clit. Aruna moaned and squirmed in pleasure. He parted her pooku lips with his fingers exposing the reddish pink insides of her vaginal walls and licked it till she was asking more. He finger fucked her it was a real delight to lick her. He used his both hands to fondle her breasts massaging them. Her moans grew louder and she was telling him not to stop but he wanted to drink her love juices. He puckered his lips and placed a soft kiss on her wet pooku. He started tongue fucking her pooku and flicking her clitoris. She grabbed his hairs and pulled his head crushing it to her pooku. But he kept on licking-sucking the deep recesses of her pooku. Then with one explosion she exploded with a wonderful orgasm flushing his face with her love juices. He licked her pussy clean with his tongue. 

She got up and made him lie on the bed. She caressed his entire body. Her fingers were as light as butterfly wings, moving down his body, caressing him. She teasingly touched his sulli over his undewear but made no attempt to remove the underwear. The pain became unbearable for Raja. He took Aruna's hand inside his undies and made her hold his growing sulli in her hand. She started stroking it softly. Ultimately she sat down between his thighs and removed the underwear. She caught hold of his 8" sulli and moved her tongue down on its shaft until he was squirming in pleasure. She continued to softly massage his toes. Then she made him turn over and began again. She also took good care of his ass. Kissing his ass hole and massaging the muscled buttocks. She lay down on his back and kissed the back of his neck and ears and also his shoulders - biting and nibbling at the flesh. Raja was in a state of frenzy. So many thoughts were cruising through him. He noticed that his daughter-in-law and now his lover was a highly sexed person and could understand her frustration. He realised his son Prabhakar was not fit enough to satiate her gigantic sexual appetite. Even he was unsure whether at this age he could fulfill her needs. 
   
She placed his hand on the clit and he stared kissing her all over her body and kissed her pooku lips. He played with her clit with his tongue and it made her crazy when he was sucking her there, she was moaning loudly and he inserted his two fingers inside her pooku. She got frenetic by now and tried to bite his shoulder. He put the fingers in his mouth and again stared kissing her. She took his rod in her hand and kissed its head and after that started sucking it. After a few minutes of sucking she laid on her back on the bed and asked him to come over her and when he was there she kissed his lips and placed his sulli on her pussy lips and asked him to insert it in. He did so and slowly his sulli went inside her tight pooku, it was very hot and moist inside and he started thrusting her in and out. She was now moaning and he felt something happening inside and he realized it was her orgasm and her pooku was contracting inside and she came for the first time. Right after that he also felt that he was coming too so he took his sulli out and came on her belly and breasts. She took his cum by her fingers and tasted it. 

She was smiling looking at him and then after a few minutes in this pose she got up and went to the bathroom and cleaned her belly and tits. She came back and he was lying there on her bed, she came there and lay down beside him and turned her face to his and started kissing once again, He placed his hands on her ass and grabbed her ass cheeks. He found out that his dick was again getting hard and she noticed it too as it touched her belly above her pooku, and she said "Raja, shall we do it again and immediately he placed his sulli once again inside her pooku and started thrusting. She was also doing the same and they started enjoying again, after a few minutes like this she laid him on his back and sat on top of his sulli and started jumping up and down getting a deep penetration and it was great. She placed her arms on the bed making her ass high in the air doggie style and asked him to enter her from behind. He placed his sulli inside her and started fucking with a great force this time and this time around she was screaming with pleasure. He grabbed her breasts and pulled violently at her nipples, nibbling softly at first but giving a hard bite once in a while. She screamed bloody murder but tightened her grip with her legs on his waist. He ferociously thrust deep inside her pooku and placed his one arm around her belly. After some furious fucking he spent deep inside her pooku and she came for the second and third time in a short period.

Aruna lay on the bed totally exhausted and satisfied. Her father-in-law Raja was lying beside her. She snuggled upto him and he encircled her in his strong arms. They lay there in each other's arms for a long time. Aruna was contended. For the first time in her life she had experienced such soul satisfying sex. First time in her life she experienced the exquisite delights of sex. Her entire body was tingling with the sensational experience. She turned around and cradled Raja's body in her arms. His eyes were half closed. She placed her hot lips on his and he responded with a deep kiss. She said "Thank you Raja. You have given me the ultimate pleasure I have experienced as yet". Raja nodded. He was still remorseful. He was utterly guilty of indulging in this forbidden act. She understood and said "Raja, I know you are thinking all this is wrong. But Raja please don't be disheartened. I pray to God that if at all this is sin, I should be punished for it and not you". He said  -~Oh no Aruna. What is to be will be. I know sooner or later you would have searched for sexual satisfaction from somebody, probably an outsider. At least our family will be secure, our children will not suffer. But Aruna we will have to be very discreet and careful. Promise me". She said "Yes Raja, I promise you. But you too promise me that you will give me sex whenever I need it. Please". Her pleading moved Raja and he nodded in agreement.

After that day Aruna and Raja became passionate lovers oblivious to anybody. He fulfilled all her sexual desires and fantasies. Soon all the guilt was washed away in the sense of passion and love they developed for each other. They started enjoying each other's company. Their lovemaking sessions were explosive. Raja who was an experienced campaigner found his young daughter-in-law highly sexed. She demanded sex regularly, so much so that they started taking risks. Apart from their sexual escapades when nobody was around, sometimes Aruna used to snuggle up to him in the middle of the night and have quickie sex. In the mornings she used to wear only her nighty and as soon as her husband went to the bath, Raja used to fuck her, sometimes in her bedroom, in the kitchen and sometimes standing in the hall. Their lives had become one big sexual fiesta. Aruna was a satisfied woman and so was Raja.

When Aruna disclosed her experience to me, I couldn't believe my ears. But later when I gave it a thought, I was happy that Aruna had taken the bold step. It was also a practical decision and I appreciate the balanced decision of her father-in-law. He understood the situation perfectly. He not only saved his family but also turned it to his advantage.

Dear readers, especially my female readers may kindly send in their comments and similar experiences to me. I would love it if malayali readers send in their comments and their experiences - but in English please since I have been brought up in Mumbai I don't know to read and write malayalam