NaKeD Fight!

Last weekend my friend Carly and Dina slept over at my house. We were in my room goofing off and taking silly pictures of each other with Carly’s digital camera. Dina whispered in my ear that she thought it would be hilarious if I pulled Carly’s skirt down while she took a picture. So in between posing and acting silly I snuck up behind Carly and yanked her skirt down from the bottom. Well I guess I pulled it too hard because as the skirt came down the zipper broke open! I was like “Oh sh*t! I didn’t mean to..” but before I could finish Carly charged at me skirtless and ticked off about the ruined zipper. Laughing I ran away saying I was sorry with her in her KNICKERS in hot pursuit. Chasing me down she caught me in the hall. I was wearing tight sweat pants and she grabs them at the waist determined to pull them down. Screeching and pleading for her to stop she pulls my sweats down hard as I fight to keep them on. In the struggle she manages to wrestle my pants AND knickers down to my knees totally exposing my front and back. Then set on completely depantsing me she continues pulling on my sweats dragging me across the carpet now on my NaKeD butt as I desperately cling on. Eventually she manages to get them ALL the way off leaving me TOTALLY naked from the waist down with only my shoes on. Embarrassed and BOTTOMLESS now I lie there with Dina in the background laughing and snapping pictures of me this way! Taunting me Carly refuses to give me my pants back. She keeps spinning and dodging away every time I try to get them back from her laughing at me. Eventually I have to chase her down and tackle her bottomless with her in her knickers only trying to get my sweats back from her. Rolling around on the floor determined to not let me have my pants back I eventually wind up grabbing, pulling and TEARING her knickers clean OFF as payback. Now we are BOTH bottomless! Refusing to give in or let me win she now starts trying to pull my shirt off! She yanks my shirt up and over my head swinging it wildly back and forth trying to get it off me. She then reaches out and pulls the front of my bra up causing my boobs to POP OUT. I was like “Oh you B*TCH!” as she pulls my shirt and bra totally off of me now too! STRIPPED totally NaKeD now (except for my shoes) I attack her trying to get her shirt off too. I pull, stretch and RIP her shirt and bra till I get them off too leaving us both in a full NAKED FIGHT on the floor. 

Watching from the sidelines, Dina is laughing her head off still snapping photos left and right. Not feeling right about Dina being exempt from all this abuse I point out to Carly that it was actually Dina’s idea to pull her skirt down in the first place. As our focus shifts to her Dina begins backing up wide-eyed. BUCK NAKED we take off after her as she darts away desperately trying to avoid her fate. Tackling her on the bed Carly gets Dina in a full nelson holding her, face up, helpless to escape. Carly reaches down and pulls Dina’s shirt and bra up to her shoulders in one fell swoop exposing her BIG BOOBIES to us, as I go to work on her shorts. Dina is like, “Nooooo!!” as I unbutton, unzip and begin to PULL her shorts AND knickers down and then completely off as she tries to kick her legs wildly trying to get free. Holding her there now TOTALLY nude and exposed from her armpits to her ankles (with a SHAVED you know what too! Ehem!!) we laugh and taunt her for starting it all. With Carly still holding her from behind I get the camera and snap off a few choice photos of Dina pinned down and stripped NAKED with her boobies JIGGLING around and her BARE KITTY on display. The look on her face was PRICELESS! Then we flip her over and hold her down SPANKING her round little BUTT for starting the whole mess in the first place as she begged to be let go. Finally we all gave up and were lying there still NAKED laughing our heads off. 

Later on that night when it was all over I took the disk out of the camera and decided I’d hold the pictures as blackmail for later. I still look at them every once in a while. I liked it! 



