Ashley
by buck0000000

Ashley Ch. 01

School teacher takes a hike and loses her clothes.

My name is Ashley. I'm 23 years old, almost 24. Im 5'11" with bleach blond hair, though my natural brown roots are starting to show. My hair is finally just long enough to be pulled back into a very short ponytail. I am curvy. Large butt and full DD breasts. I do my best to work out. My stomach is flat, well maybe a slight pudge. I'm not fat, although when I was younger I thought I was.

I use to be very self conscious about my body in high school. But once in collage I became more confident in myself and was even convinced to buy sexy clothing and a bikini. I thought it looked slutty on me but my boyfriend at the times reaction to it convinced me to buy it. Which is a whole story in its self. That ass clown switched it with a smaller size before we got to the checkout. I've been told I look awesome in that bikini. Its super sheer and guys say I jiggle in all the right places. I eventually bought more sexy clothing, but once I graduated I switched to a more professional wardrobe. I'm a elementary teacher. Its not a profession for showing off extreme cleavage and booty.

Anyway my first year of teaching is over and I need to relax. I love biking and hiking. And with me living rural, there's a lot of trail and forest parks around. I moved out here last summer to teach at this small school. I love little kids. My first year teaching was crazy and I planned my summer vacation around visiting the different parks and trails and trying to loose the almost 10 pounds I gained from stress eating from my first year teaching. Time to get rid if the slight pudge.

There is a smaller local park next to a Damn that I've been visiting this week. There's a 9 mile bike trail that goes from the small town to the Damn. Off of this bike trail there are multiple hiking trails.

Today I'm going to bike out and hike up one of these trails. I grab a small back pack with some healthy snacks and water and head to the garage to get my bike. I'm wearing boots, khaki pants, a white tank top and a blue v cut t-shirt over that. Before I close the garage door I double check to make sure keys were in my backpack, clipped my phone onto my bike and I'm off.

My rental house is on one of the two main roads. It sits directly in the middle of town next to a small bar that was an old soda shop back in the day. It's early in the morning and nobody seems to be out yet. I ride past the bar. The two big windows on each side of door are decorated with antiques, old bikes, a kayak, and a large coat rack with the founder of the towns hat on it. I continue on, pass the playground on the edge of town and head up the bike trail towards the direction of the damn.

It's a cooler June morning and I quickly make my way up the trail. I pass the first 2 hiking paths that I already explored earlier in the week. I cross over a road and peddle about another mile and half before I get to the next hiking path I'm going to explore. I lock up my bike to a tree, slide my phone into the mesh pocket of my backpack and head up the trail.

It's a steeper trail and I quickly feel my legs burning. I push on and after about an hour of hiking I hear a stream in the distance. The terrain is rocky and the path is a little difficult but once I get closer I see a waterfall. It's about 25 feet tall and a has a pool size pond.

It is beautiful. The path goes behind the waterfall and to the other side where there's a clearing. The sun is shining between the trees and everything looks like a painting.

I walk behind the waterfall. It's slightly narrow and wet from the splashing water. With my legs tired I hold on the rock wall but I slip and slid into the water. I'm pushed under by the waterfall and into the deep part of the pond. The water is so cold. I look like a drowned cat flailing in the water. I struggled to swim away from the waterfall and finally stand up.

The middle of the pond is not too deep. As I stand the top of my shoulders pop out of the water. I walk over to the side of the pond with the clearing.

The little beach has small smooth pebbles that stick into the tread of my soaked boots. I quickly pull off my heavy water logged backpack and pull out my phone. My phone is water resistant but I'm not sure if this damaged it or not so I set it in the sun. I empty everything out of my bag and set them in the sun as well.

I look over to the path. It looks a lot wider from over here. I can't believe how much of a klutz I am. I pull off my boots and poor out the water. I pull off my socks and look around. I straiten up and move over to a tree. I drape my socks on a branch that the sun was shining on and then pull off my blue shirt. I drape it next to my socks and look around. Feeling safe I unbutton my pants and slid the zipper down. The material pulls my boyshort panties down with them and I struggle to keep my panties up. Stumbling I pull my legs out of my pants and wring them out and place them on the tree. Looking down you can see my bra clearly threw my tank top.

My bra is very padded and full of water. I started to take my bra off under my tank top but pause. I again look around and feel safe enough to pull off my tank top and bra. My large tits fall when the wet material frees them. I wring my clothes out the best I can and drape then on the tree.

The air still feels a little cool and my nipples respond. They are hard as the pebbles in the pond. I walk over to the more grassy area and go to sit down then stop. Why risk getting grass stains on my panties when I'm already this far naked. I peel off my panties and toss them over to the now draping branch. 'Yes!' they barely catch a twig on the branch.

I look down at my body. My tits are huge. I bend over looking at my little bush and giggle. I was board the other day and when I shaved, I trimmed a small heart just above my smooth pussy.

I lay naked in the grass and warm myself in the sun. I dose off.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!

I quickly sit up. I'm awaken by my phone buzzing on my stomach. I quick grab it and shut off the alarm.

I lay back and relax. 'Wait, what alarm?' I also remember my phone wasn't on my stomach. It was by my backpack. I quickly sit up and look around. My clothes are gone! So is my back pack. I stand up and run over to the tree. "No, No, No!" I cry as my large tits bounce wildly. This can't be happening.

I tear up and run over to where my back pack was. I hold my arms over my breasts to stop the lewd bouncing. My hand still gripping my phone tightly. Everything is gone. I look around trying to cover myself with my arms.

"Please give me my clothes back!" I yell hoping whoever took my stuff would have mercy. "Please!" There is no response. I look down at my phone wondering who I could call for help. I slide it open to see my camera roll up. There are dozens of pictures of me laying naked in the grass. I flip threw them and then see a picture of a hard penis above my naked body. Then another pic of a second penis. I keep flipping threw the pictures in horror. I freeze on a picture of the two penises cuming on me. One shooting its load in my hair, the other one dripping it's creamy white liquid on my pubic heart. I slowly reach up and touch my head. My Hair is matted and sticky. "Oh my god!" I reach down to my little heart shaped bush and feel the stick wet cum. "What the fuck!"

I drop my phone and quickly run into the pond, splashing into the cold water. I rub my fingers threw my hair. My ponytail holder flies off as I vigorously scrub my head till I'm satisfied it's free of the thick goo. I run my hand down my breasts over my stomach and into my pubic hair. A strong tingle washes over me as I rub my pubic mound. Then, without thinking my finger dips lower between my folds till it hits my button.

I let out a gasp and start lightly polishing my little bean with my finger tip. My other hand is pinching my nipples under the water. The tension quickly builds and a small orgasm cascades over me. I start to shake in the cold water. "What the hell am I doing?"

I walk out of the water to where I dropped my phone. I had to get some clothes. My coworker Jen was a year older than me. I'm sure she would help. "I can't believe how humiliating this is." I back out of the camera roll and see that they had a drop box app open. I click on it horrified that these pictures are now on the internet. When I click on it I get a sim card error. That's when I notice the cover of the sim tray missing.

I'm a soaked mess. I have no clothes, no shoes, no way to make a call for help, and no key to get into my house. I'm humiliated, horny, and scared. I spend the next 10 minutes looking, hoping to find my clothes but nothing.

Defeated I start heading down the path. I carefully walk the rocky narrow trail under the waterfall. I try to hold my tits but give up and let them bounce as I struggle with each step. "At least give me my boots!" I yell when I trip on a sharp stick. Again nothing.

I spend the next couple of hours slowly making my way down the path. I'm not sure if my bodies still wet from the pond or of I'm just sweating. My ass bounce with every step. My tits are sore from swaying. And my feet hurt from walking barefoot. When I'm about 200 yards from my bike I swear I hear people coming so I jump behind a fallen tree. Crouched down I can feel my wet labia sliding together. I shift my weight back and fourth intensifying the sensation. I set my phone on the ground and my hands cup my breasts. I then began kneading them.

I stand up and look around. When I see nothing I lean back against a tall oak. I widen my legs and began humping the air. I intensify my attack on my tits, pinching and pulling my tighten nipples. My right hand travels down my body and I swirl my fingers in the heart shaped bush. I keep looking around making sure I'm not seen. My finger then slides again between my lips. I gasp when I find my pussy soaked and slightly gaping open. I step a foot up on a smaller log and slide my fingers up and down between my drenched lips. I rub from my clit down past my open cunt to my anus then back up.

Another noise and I quickly pause my attack. Wide eyed and holding my breath I look around. Slowly I find my finger dip into my pussy and again begin to breath. I see no one and bring my hand up to my mouth. I lick my pussy soaked finger clean then get back to work rubbing my now swollen clit.

My left hand frees my sensitive nipple and I lean slightly forward. My right hand has two fingers sliding around my clit and down into my cunt. I reach behind myself and pull my ass cheeks open. As I do this my two wet fingers pull out my pussy and circle my anus. I continue plunging my two fingers into my pussy and then back out to my ass each time pushing harder into my rosebud until my ass gives into the attack and my two fingers plunge knuckle deep into it. I gasp loudly.

My eyes glaze over and I quickly finger fuck my ass. My tits bounce wildly as my hand pounds into my anus. I shift my weight forward and almost stumble into the larger log. I pull my hand free and start sucking the two fingers. I kneel down on the forest floor and reach behind my ass. I shift my weight so I'm leaning on the smaller log and I pull my ass apart and again begin my assault. Every thrust my tits bounce against the side of the log. My arm is sore from the angle but I keep pounding my ass. I push a third finger in and reach around with my free hand and start rubbing my clit. I grunt hard as I feel my orgasm approach. Beads if sweet roll down my forehead and drip onto the dirt.

"Whats that noise?" a young voice asks.

I was panting loud, so loud I didn't notice the family that was walking up to the waterfall. I stop hard before I could cum. I try not to make a sound. My hair was a mess plastered to my face, strands in my eyes and stuck to my lips. A small noise comes from my mouth as I try to quietly spit my hair out.

"Oh, must be some 'animal' behind that fallen tree." A man's voice answers.

The tone of his voice made it clear he knew what was going on. I remain motionless, fingers still stuffed into my ass. I'm frozen. I listen till I can no longer hear their footsteps. Slowly I lift my head shaking my hair from my face. I wish I was more careful rinsing my hair and didn't loose my ponytail holder in the pond. I use my free hand and push myself slowly up till I can peek over the larger log. I pull my fingers free and shyly begin sucking them as I slowly stand.

I'm so fucking horny. The humiliation of the situation has me stirred up to the point I feel I'm to explode. I bend over and look at my body over my tits down to my pussy. My clit is swollen to the point it is peaking out between my labia. My heart shaped pubic hair is a mess. I want to finish but I can't stay here. What if the dad comes back to scold the person on the other side of the log. I grab my phone and make a run for my bike.

When I get close to the end of the path I slow down and peer threw the trees looking up and down at the main bike path. I slowly step to my bike, clip my phone into the plastic holder and unhook the combination lock. I push the bike and swing my leg over it. I moaned hard when the seat pushied into my clit. I keep leaning forward purposely keeping pressure on my clit. My tits sway like pendulums with the motion of my peddling. My feet hurt but I don't care.

I got within site of the road I was glad I haven't been seen by anybody. However, that feeling passed the closer I got to the road. Vehicles kept passing by. I was getting very nervous. Should I just keep going or try to wait till the traffic was gone. I started peddling very slowly. Still pushing my clit into my now soaked seat.

I stopped when I got close to the wood line. Just far enough to feel safe from cars passing. I straddled the bike and stood there. Cars and trucks would pass sporadically. It they kept this pace maybe I could ride past without anyone seeing me.

I waited for a clearing, letting the seat push between my ass cheeks. I rocked back and forth. I was so caught up in the moment that I stopped looking at the traffic and began massaging my tits. I didn't even notice the bicycler coming across the road till I looked up and his eyes met mine. I couldn't quite stop groping myself quick enough. He slowed down and stopped before I stumbled to covered my tits with my hand, my other attempting to covered my groin. My bike stayed upright with the seat wedge between my ass cheeks.

"Hey beautiful" he giggled. His eyes moved over my body.

I couldn't say anything I was so flustered and embarrassed. I just kept covering my self and he kept sliding his bike so it was facing me. As if to give it a better view.

"Why you naked baby?" He looked like he was still in college. And sounded like a frat boy.

"Um." I squeaked. "I a fell into the water. Someone stole my clothes."

"Nice heart." He smirked and looked down at me.

I quickly adjusted my hand to cover myself better.

"So are you just gonna peddle into town like that?" He said sliding his bike around me.

The movement of his bike was so odd, that's when I saw the Go Pro on his handle bars.

"Stop recording me." I jumped up on my bike and peddled hard. He was laughing like crazy. I pulled out onto the road and a truck slammed its breaks and honked. I kept going and made it to the other side without stopping.

"Nice ass" bike ass hole yelled as I continued down the trail to town.

I made it around a turn and stopped. I got off the bike shaking. I slide my fingers threw my hair and letting the bike fall to the ground. I then began rubbing my soaked clit. My hand was a blur. My other hand was pulling my right nipple. I had to cum.

It was noon and more people would be on the trail but I couldn't stop. I squatted down in the path and pushed my 4 fingers into myself. I was stretched to my limit and loving it. For some reason I hoped ass hole bike kid would show up so I could let him fuck me. The thought of me sucking him off as I squatted there finger fucking myself had me to the brink. I felt like I was floating.

I tried to move my hand faster. The pressure kept building. "I need to cum." I whimper out loud. I pinch and pull my nipples harder. My body shakes and trembles. "Fuck." I pull my fingers out and attack my clit.

The pressure was to the point of pain. I feel like I could burst any second. I moan and cry like a bitch in heat. But for some reason I can't finish.

I stand shaking. My hand is dripping wet and my legs are soaked. I rub my wet hand across my tits.

I look down at my body. My enlarged chest is flushed red. My clit is so swollen it looks painful.

I look at my bike. I move over and straddle the handle bar sticking up in the air. I come down onto it. It passes between my lips as my hands massage my chest. The rubber lip of the handle hits my g-spot. I move up and down letting it flick my inner target.

I move quicker. My legs burn and shake with each squat. I grunt as I push it deeper. I look up and see two bikes coming up the path. I let go of one of my tits and slap my ass hard. The bicycles get closer and I keep fucking my handle bar. I slap my ass again and again. The two people come into view. The pressure starts to crest. I'm past the point of no return.

I'm hopping up and down to the point my gear shift it pushing into me. My ass is bright red from my continued slaps. I look up again at the bicyclers. They both gasp. I explode as I recognize the Mayor. My cunt squirts and spasms, gripping the handle bar. I slip and fall to the ground. With the handle bars making a wet pop as it slides out of me.

I lie on the ground with my ass in the air. My face pushed into the stone path. I slowly roll over on my side and peek from under my hair. Mayor Kimble is off his bike standing above me. The second man stands next to him. It's Mike Bowers, he's on the school board. I turn my head letting my short hair cover my face.

Mayor Kimble speaks with a smooth southern drawl. "What has gotten into you?" He slowly unzips his light windbreaker.

I can't talk, I'm curled in a ball on the stones. The harsh sharpness has become more painful and I start to slowly move.

Both of these men are rich and in there upper 40s or early 50s. The only thing I know about Mayor Kimble is that he looks older than he is and is originally from Savannah Ga. Mr. Bowers has a large farm outside of town and I believe he lives with his twin stepdaughters. I'm not sure how old they. Maybe 19 I guess. I'm also not sure what ever happened to Ms. Bowers.

"Where are your clothes?" the Mayor again asks as he drapes his thin jacket over me.

I sit up and pull the thin material over my sholders "I fell into the waterfall."

"Ha." Mr. Bowers fights back more laughter and then pretends to cough.

The Mayor looks at him cross.

Mr. Bowers was wearing a very tight bike suit and I started staring at his crotch. You could just make out the outline of his penis. It looked to be growing down his leg. His balls seamed massive.

The Mayor cleared his throat.

I cringed as I just got caught staring. "Um, I tried to dry my clothes and then, um," I started to tear up. "Somebody took them."

I was full on crying. I quickly put my arms threw the jacket and fumbled with the zipper. "I don't know what got into me. Please don't fire me." I look up at Mr. Bowers as I still try to zip up the jacket. Mayor Kimble is a small man and there was no way this windbreaker was going to come close to zipping up my massive tits.

"Don't worry about that now. Let's see what we can do to help you get home." Bowers said smiling.

Both men help me up. As I'm pulled to my knees my face becomes extremely close to Bowers now very obvious rock hard penis. I pause and look up into Mike's eyes. I'm biting my lip full doe eyed. I see his cock twitch under his tight shorts.

As I'm pulled to my feet Mayor Kimble states the obvious "My windbreaker doesn't appear to cover much."

It covers nothing. I have about less than a third of the zipper up. My tits are totally on display, nipples still rock hard. The jacket comes down to just above my pubic heart. I turn and look over my shoulder. It only comes down to the small of my back.

"Well how about I go on down the trail and stop anybody I see that's coming this way." The Mayor stated. "Do you have anything in your truck that will cover her?"

Mike smiled. "I think I have something."

With that the Mayor peddled down towards town.

When I looked back at Mike he had his phone out. I wasn't sure if he just took a picture of me or not. I bend to pick up my bike. For some reason with my ass facing him, knees locked, legs just far enough apart to show him everything. I look over my shoulder at him. He smiles and puts his phone back on his bike.

"You ready?" he asks.

"Yes sir."

I stand up lifting my bike and slowly swing my leg over it. He let's me head down the trail in front of him. I can feel his eyes on my bare ass as we head back to town. We move quickly. I am glad the windbreaker holds my tits so they don't sway but anyone come up will still have a clear view.

We pass the other side trails and make it to the edge of the bike trail. The Mayor is nowhere to be seen.

"Wait here." Mike says. "I'll check to see if anyone is at the playground."

"Yes sir." I stop and stand, again letting the seat push between my ass cheeks. I cover my exposed tits with my hands. I watch as he rides around the playground equipment. He turns towards the parking lot and next to his truck.

He gestures for me to wait, puts his bike in the bed and climes into the truck. He drives onto the grass and pulls directly in front of the path. I get off my bike and push it to the truck. He comes around and helps me put my bike into the bed.

"There's two high school kids making out in that tube thing." He laughs.

I climb into the Passenger seat. It's cold in the truck. The AC is on high and the cool leather seats send chills up my body.

"Ok, one of the girls has a bag in the back" Mike says has he climbs in. He reaches over and pulls out a gym bag. He flips the center armrest up and sets it on the bench seat between us. "Look and see if you can use anything in here."

I turn slightly and unzip the bag. Looking in I first see two pairs of high platform heals. I push them aside and there is a couple ziplock bags full of underwear, sheer thongs and fishnet g-strings. The other bag has micro bikinis. There was a bottle of glitter lotion and a pack of thigh highs. I moved the items and under that was what looked like a dress. I pulled it out and a pair of handcuffs and bright transparent pink double dildo is resting on the bottom of the bag. I quickly close the bag and zipped it up.

"Find something?" He asked as he started driving.

"Um, yeah." I was so shocked. I believe the girls just graduated and this looks like a stripper bag. "This dress is small but it looks like it might stretch."

It was a navy blue tube dress and I quickly bunched it up and stepped my legs through it. I unzip the bottom of the windbreaker and leaned back lifting my ass off the cold seat and thrusting my tits in the air. I struggled to pull the dress up over my ass. The blue material pulled thin over my hips and butt. It was so tight. I got it up just under my breasts. It was also extremely short. I pulled and tucked my tits in the best I could. This just caused the dress to up over my ass.

"Um, I think is more of a swimming cover up than a dress."

"Wow, That doesn't cover much." He answered swerving as he almost hit the curb.

The material was transparent. You could clearly see my belly button, and the material over my tits and ass was pulled even thinner. I looked more like a slut than if I was just naked. There was so much cleavage on display.

I pulled the jacket and zipped it back up to under my chest. And took the biggest breath this dress would allow.

Mike pulls behind my car and in front of the bar next to my house. I should have parked my car in the garage.

"Well if you hurry maybe no one will notice." He says. "You do have a key right?"

Shit, my key. "No." I quietly respond. "There's a keypad for the garage door." I believe I remember the code.

Just then Mike's phone rings. "I got to take this." He says looking stern at the phone. "Look, we do need to have a meeting about today. If anyone saw you it would be very bad for the school."

My mouth went dry. I was under the impression that we were good but now I'm worried I just lost my job.

"I'll contact you later about a time." He unlooked the door.

"Oh, ok." I quickly opened the door. At this point he was basically pushing me out of the truck.

As soon as the door shut he was on the phone backing the truck out of the parking space. Then he drove off leaving me on the sidewalk with my ass completely hanging out of this dress.

I spun around hopping I didn't flash my ass to anyone in the bar. I reached around and pulled the thin tight material down. It only covered two thirds of my ass before my nipples started to poke out the top.

I looked into the big window, glad the couple of people inside didn't see me. That's when I saw the antique coat rack. Hanging off of it was my boots, backpack, bra and panties. I stood there frozen in shock.

Beep! Beep!

I took off running. 'Oh my god did someone just honk at me?!' I felt the dress slid up over my ass and my tits broke free as I passed my front door and made it to the garage. My garage door faces the street and I fumble with the code trying hurry. 'I can't be seen again.' I tell myself.

With my tits still hanging out I adjust my dress so my ass, which is facing the street, is covered. I punch the code in three times but I can't quite remember what it was exactly. I only opened it once this way and that was nine months ago. I start to panic.

I truly just want to curl up and hide. I fumble with the dress and windbreaker, feverishly trying to find a way to cover myself up. I hear cars drive buy and hold my breath as they pass. An idea comes to me. I take off the windbreaker and tie it around my waist. Then I pull the dress up hard and lift it over my tits. It's so tight.

Looking down at myself. I look terrible but I'm at least finally "covered". The jacket covers my ass and the arms rest right over my pussy. I have the dress tucked into it and I adjust the dress to cover my tits the best it could. You could still see my nipples threw the thin material but it's the best I can do.

I take a deep breath and walk to the bar. I just now notice how hot the sidewalk is on my bare feet. Without stopping I enter the bar and go strait to the window display. I grab my boots and backpack but my panties and bra seem stuck. I fumble for a couple seconds before I see them wired to the rack. That's when I noticed how quiet it got in the bar. I give up and abandon my underwear and quickly head back out of the bar. Before the door shut I heard too guys laughing.

I begin crying and run to my house. The slapping sound of my feet on the sidewalk seem so loud. I run up the porch steps and open my bag. My pants and shirts fall out with my keys onto the floor. I bend down as modest I can grab my keys and quickly open the door. I kick my clothes into the house ahead of me and slam the door.

I pull off the jacket and start rubbing my surprisingly soaked pussy. I'm wet halfway down my thighs. I lean forward with one hand on the door. My legs are spread wide. Four fingers dip easily into my cunt with no resistance. I forcefully pound my gaping self hard, my thumb striking my clit with each thrust. The dress slides down my chest with each heavy breath till it can no longer withhold my tits and they break free. I can feel the wet tears fall off my face onto my nipples.

My sore tits swayed wildly. The wet sloshing sound echoes in the entrance way. My hand slides down the door as I bend my knees and sit on my heals. My hand rests on the door handle and my other speeds up the assault on my pussy. The pressure builds just like before. I work hard on trying to cum. I let go of the door and twist my left nipple. "Ummm!"

My clit is so sore I just need to cum. I tuck my thumb to my other fingers and keep fucking myself. I feel so full and stretched. I push deeper until I can feel my knuckles break past my opening.

"FUCK!" I scream as my whole hand disappears. I steady myself again grabbing the door handle. I bend over a little more till I can peer over my tits. I pull my hand free and push till back till disappears again. "SHIT!" It's so tight! I keep pulling till my knuckles break free then push back in speeding up with each thrust.

My head starts to spin. I'm totally drunk from the days humiliation and ecstasy. I notice a small grunt coming from my throat as I fist myself. As I move faster and faster my grunts become higher and harder. The pressure is on the edge of exploding.

I lean back ever so slightly and slip. I fall onto my ass and my hand slips off the door handle. I'm on my back with my hand stuffed into myself I begin rubbing my clit with my now free hand. I'm just about to cum when I noticed the wind gently push the door open. It must of opened a crack when I slipped. I'm to close to stop.

I'm violently fisting my self and rubbing my clit watching the door creep further open with every gentle guest.

"Oh my god!" I look up at the celling. My orgasm starts to break as the door fully opens. "OH MY GOD!"

I convulse, screaming and panting on the floor. I pull my hand free from my cunt and it erupt, squirting out threw the open door onto the porch.

As the last of my spasms cast over me I kick at the door till it slams shut. I smile sexual satisfied. Two seconds later the door bell rings.


