Trip Home
By Sarah k

Here is a little story about a time I went back to my home state recently to visit with my family and any friends from high school that may be there.  I was hoping my best friend would be there as we usually try to coordinate our visits to happen at the same time.  She lives on the other side of the country and I never get to see her.  

As it turns out we would get to see each other after all, and she was bringing her current boyfriend Eric along, so I get meet him too.  I had heard a good amount about him, as she had been seeing him for a couple of years now, but I never got to meet him.  Of course I had talked with him on the phone a couple of times when I called and she wasn't there.  I had a good feeling for him and he seemed like a real nice guy.  This would be his first trip with her to meet her parents.

After spending the requisite three days with the family I was able to get away and spend some time with them.  I met up with them at her place.  Her parents have a really nice house with a full basement that she gets to stay in when she visits.  It's a full apartment, separate entrance and everything.  I've spent many a night there when visiting.  Usually once I've reached a state that I shouldn't be driving in:)  

We went out and decided it was a nice day to go hiking.  We had a lot of fun and I was getting along with her boyfriend smashingly.  The next day we borrowed some bicycles from our parents and took a bike trip.  It was summer so we had wonderful weather the whole time.  I was sorry my husband couldn't be with us since we were having so much fun.  

The following day we we're pretty tired from the previous days activities so we just hung out messing around and decided to go out to a bar for a couple of drinks.  We were having a really good time; I didn't feel like a third wheel at all.  They kept me between them so I was always very included.  We were all feeling really loose with each other and soon there was a lot of flirting and laughing going on.  We decided we aught to head back to her place to continue while one of use could still drive.  She had a bar in the basement as well and her parents had a hot tub, which was sounding real nice to us at this point.

We got back to her place and her boyfriend went to go make us some drinks while we opened the hot tub up.  I was kinda drunk so it didn't immediately occur to me that I didn't have a suit to wear.  Usually its just my friend and me so we just go naked but I wasn't sure if that was ok around her boyfriend.

"Ummm...I don't have a suit to wear.  Do you have one I could borrow?"

She smiled, "You know we don't wear suits in this tub!  Don't be silly."

"What about Eric?"

"What about him?  I don't think he will mind!" She said laughing

"I'm sure he won't considering the way you let him flirt with me!  What I meant was...never mind...obviously you don't mind either...that's what I was worried about silly."

We got the top off and jumped out of our close and got in the tub.  I had just submerged when Eric came out with the drinks.  "What, you're in already?  And I didn't even get to see you take your cloths off?"  He said grinning.  He set the drinks down on a table a few feet away and stripped out of his cloths, grabbed his drink and eased in next to me. Of course I couldn't help but check out his package.  When I get tipsy I tend to loose my subtlety:)  That and he had a real nice looking cock:)  I looked over to my other side at my friend and saw her looking and me and smiling.  I smiled back blushing and shrugged my shoulders, kinda saying 'can you blame me?'

"Eric, you left my drink on the table."

"Yeah, mine too."

"Well, I guess you'll just have to get out of the tub and get them then, huh?"  He said with a devious smile.

I splashed water in his direction while saying, "Fine then, I got to see yours so I guess it's only fair."  Turning to my friend I said, "I'll get yours too."

I got out making every effort to display my breasts in his direction.  Taunting him as we had been doing to each other the whole night.  Kind of a look but can't touch chemistry that had been building all day.

I grabbed our drinks and walked back around to get back in the tub between them.  I had too stretch my leg to get back in while holding both drinks.  To do this I had to turn my body to the side.  Once I had my leg in I turned further and bent over to give my friend her drink.  Again, I was feeling pretty devious and comfortable.  Well, in bending over the way I did I was giving Eric a very nice view of my pussy from behind.  I then eased all the way in and looked over at Eric.  I think his eyeballs were about to pop out of his head!!  I love it!  He had been teasing me all day and trying to make be blush all day and now I got to dish a little back!  My friend saw his look and she broke up laughing and splashed water at us.  I was laughing to at that point and Eric was busy blushing.

My friend went over to Eric and gave him a big sloppy kiss.  Then she pulled back with her hand in his lap and said with a huge smile, "What have we here Eric?  It looks like Sarah gave you a big problem!" and broke up laughing again.  

Now I think Eric and I were both blushing.  We joked around a little more while we finished our drinks.  Finally we were all pretty hot, not to mention thirsty, and decided to go in.  We got out and dried off, sneaking not so subtle glances at each other.  Erics cock was still a little plump from being the subject of conversation and I had to admit, it was turning me on.  I had been away from my husband for almost a week by now and drinking always makes me pretty horny anyway.  I would never make a move on my best friends man though so I just had to deal with it.  Once we were back inside we slipped on some cloths just to be comfortable and not catch a chill, while Eric made us some more drinks.

We chatted some more about general stuff until the subject of sex came up again.  I was quit drunk by this time and I know that I wasn't the one steering the conversation and I couldn't figure out who was.  Anyway, pretty soon they were wanting to know more about the relationship I have with my husband.  My friend knew all about it but I think she wanted me to educate her boyfriend on the subject.  I was happy to oblige.

I explained how my husband had a long running fantasy of me having sex with other men, and now how he now lets me with whomever I want, whenever I want.  I also explained how I got into it when I was pulled over by a policemen for speeding.  Eric seemed very fascinated by this and had a number of questions for me, mainly about my husband and his feelings and thoughts, but also how I handle things emotionally with my lovers.  I just smiled and said that that is the easy part.  Then I got up to go use the rest room.  

When I got back there were kissing quit passionately so I just watched them for a while before making my presence known. 

"Sorry, we were talking and one thing lead to another." My friend said smiling.

"You don't have to apologize for that!  I like watching too...maybe not as much as my husband does, but I like to watch."

"Sarah, you couldn't have brought up what I'm about to ask you any better had you tried.  I like to watch too...that's what we were talking about before we started kissing.  I'm not sure how to ask this so I'm just going to.  Luckily we are all drunk so I can just blame it on that...anyway...this is rather presumptuous but I can tell you find Eric attractive, and he told me that he thinks you're hot, and...basically I would love to watch you two have sex.  What do you think?"

My jaw dropped, then shut, then I think it dropped again.  I really didn't expect that question at all...What could I say?  I was at a loss for words so I blurted out the first thing that came to mind.  "I was hoping you would ask."  I was rather drunk at the time but I think that is what I said.

Her boyfriend looked completely shocked that I was so into it.  I looked into his eyes and the shock quickly turned into a bright red blush.  I could tell he was nervous.  Understandably so, he was about to get molested by two randy females:) hahaha

I wanted to confer for a minute with my friend to make sure I didn't step on any toes so I ask her to step outside with me for a private moment.

"It sounds like fun and you have a hunk for a boyfriend.  My only reservation to this would be affecting our relationship.  I don't want to wake up tomorrow with anything negative between us.  Are you sure this is ok?"

She smiled and hugged me and said, "I've thought about this a lot actually.  It's something I started thinking about when you told me about your open relationship with your husband.  Then I met my current man and he eventually shared a fantasy of his with me.  One of having two women at the same time.  We've talked about it for a long time.  I agree, above all else I wouldn't want it to affect anything between us.  I'm sure however that I'm ok with what ever happens tonight...and maybe tomorrow night..." she trailed off and gave me a wicked smile.  Hmmm...maybe this won't be just a one night affair??

We went back inside feeling good and resolved.  Her boyfriend was fixing another drink for himself.  I went up to him and took the booze out of his hand.  "Don't drink too much Eric, you've got a busy night ahead of you." I put down the booze, took his head between my hands and gave him a kiss that I hoped he would feel in his toes.  He grabbed my ass and pulled me against himself, kissing me back.  I could feel the wetness between my legs grow.  I'm sure I was soaked by now.  One hand moved off my ass and onto my breast.  I wasn't wearing a braw and my shirt was pretty thin so he could very easily feel how hard my nipple had become.  He played with it a little as we continued to kiss and grind.  Of course we were doing all this with his girlfriend watching, as I just remembered.  I broke off the kiss and looked for her.  There she was on the couch looking at us with one hand down her shorts.  Oh my!  This was quite new to me.  I had never seen a girl masturbate before, let alone my best friend.  How totally strange, yet it was a big turn on.  I began to wonder what I was in for tonight.

I turned back to Eric and looked into his eyes.  He was completely lost to lust so I knew what my next step should be.  I sank to my knees and unzipped his shorts.  I worked down his shorts and released a very nice thick circumcised cock. My husband is uncircumcised so it's nice to have the variety of uncircumcised cocks.  There much easier to suck too:)  I cupped his balls and took as much of his cock into my mouth as I could. It was quite thick so I only got about half of it into my mouth.  I could tell it would feel magnificent as soon as I could have it in my pussy.  My husband isn't small but I can get almost his whole cock in my mouth. 

I worked on his cock and it wasn't long before he was about to cum; I was so turned on I couldn't stand it.  Giving head always makes me so terribly horny!  I brought him to the edge and looked back over at my friend on the couch.  Again I was in for a surprise, though I shouldn't have been surprised I guess.  She was completely naked by now.  She was on her knees with her legs spread and she was rubbing her clit like crazy!!  I must say she is a very attractive woman and the sight of her doing that while holding a nice thick cock in my hand almost made me cum right there.  She saw me looking at her and smiled.  Then she said, "go ahead, bring him off, I would love to watch you take his load.  I think I might just cum watching you do it!"

I smiled back, "I hope you do.  Because it will be my turn to cum next!" 

I went back to work on his cock, taking as much as I could in nice long strokes, pressing my tongue along the underside of his cock the whole way in and out while cupping and massaging his balls.  Needless to say it wasn't long before I felt his cock swell and start to fill my mouth with his cum.  God what a turn on!  At that time I heard him groan "Oh god I'm cumming in your mouth!" and my friend say "Oh yes Eric, fill her mouth...milk his cock dry for me Sarah...uh...yess..i'm cumming too...oh fuck yesss.....!!"

I don't know how I did it but I did manage to not spill a drop.  It felt like he came a gallon.  I'm sure it was at least twice as much as my husband gives even after three or four days of not cumming!  

I looked over and saw my friend sitting on the floor resting after her orgasm and I asked, "Is this what you had in mind?"  She smiled and nodded her head saying "god that was so hot...I can't wait to watch him fuck you like he fucks me!"

I don't know if I was just horny as hell, drunk or both but I was feeling quite bold...any how I replied by saying something to like "Well to tell you the truth I can't wait to get fucked! I'm the only one who hasn't gotten off yet, and after sucking on that great cock I want to have it in me!"  I looked over at Eric and he was now sitting on the ground too. He had also removed the rest of his close; I suppose to be more comfortable.
He looked over at me and smiled and said "God that was great head...thank you...maybe I should return the favor??  Do you like receiving oral as much as you like giving?"

"Are you kidding me?" I ask with a smile.  I leaned onto my back and pulled off my shorts and spread my legs toward him.  He wasted no time and moved in between my legs.  We kissed and made out for little bit, which was really nice.  I love kissing...especially when I'm kinda drunk.  It makes me so horny and wet. I could feel his penis against my pussy and it was driving me crazy so I broke off the kissing and pushed his head between my legs.  He didn't put up any resistance.  My friend had told me at one point that he loves to eat pussy:)

She wasn't kidding.  He dived in with enthusiasm and had me cumming in very short order.  Although a small gust of wind probably could have brought me off by that point!  He didn't stop with just one though.  As soon as I came down he slowly brought me back up, working his tongue along my slit and my clit.  He built up a nice rhythm on my clit and then inserted a finger, working it in and out with the rhythm of his tongue.  god he was good.....My second orgasm was absolutely huge!...my whole body contorted raising my pelvis off the ground while my thighs squeezed his head, my hands pulling his face against me...its a wonder I didn't wake up he next day with pulled abb muscles!!  I don't know if I screamed or not but I imagine I probably did...I know I did wake up with sore throat...and not from being sick...

moving on...he knew I had to have a little break after an O like that one...jesus...he looked up at me once I released his poor head from my thighs.  His face was covered with my juices to such an extent that I almost laughed.  He had such a happy look on his face but it was a total mess.  I pulled him to me and gave him a big kiss, tasting myself on his lips.  "God thank you...that was a fantastic experience...where did you learn to lick pussy like that?"
"Actually your friend taught me all I know about pussy eatin'.  So you kinda owe hear for that"  he said smiling.  

I looked over at hear and smile and said "thank you thank you thank you."
She smiled back and came over to me and gave me a little kiss, "Your very welcome Sarah."  She then gave Eric a kiss, tasting me on his face I'm sure, "and thank you for giving my best friend such talented oral sex. And thank you both for that great show...I've never seen anything that erotic.  Puts porn movies to shame. But I still need to see one more act."  She said giggling.

I looked down Erics body and noticed that his penis was indeed quite hard again, and I was definitely ready for some fucking.  I look up at his face and smiled, "She does have a point Eric. And it looks like you're up for it." 

He smiled and we kissed some more, then he bent his head to pull my nipple into his mouth.  All the while he was repositioning his knees higher up, pushing my legs farther apart.  I reached down and grabbed a hold of his cock and positioned it, rubbing the head up and down my wet slit, working it in.  Once I had it where I wanted it I raised up my foot and pressed my heel against his ass, pushing him into me.  My nipple was freed as he looked into my eyes, glassy with pleasure.  He groaned as his penis became fully buried in me, our pelvic bones bumping against each other.  god his cock felt good.  He pulled out about half way and pushed back in, holding it there, both of us savoring the feeling of having his cock fully inside me.  We were totally lost to the sensations we where having. 

He started to slowly pump his cock in and out of me while I reached down and rubbed my clit.  I gripped his body with my feet and he held my hips with his hands and we held each other with our eyes.  it was so purely erotic and sensual...The only thing keeping us from cumming right away is that we had both gotten off already that night.  

Then my friend snapped us out of our trance by saying "Jesus I love watching you two fuck.  His cock looks so good fucking your pussy Sarah.  Makes me wish I had a cock to fuck that beautiful pussy of yours."  I was so focused on Eric that I had almost forgotten she was even in the room.

"In a way...you are fucking me....by using your man on me..."  I said between pre-orgasm contractions. I smiled and looked over at her.  She was rubbing her clit again, on her knees with her legs spread wide; this time she wasn't as far from me and I had a very good view of her cunt.  It was a very attractive pussy, well groomed, nice and swollen from all the stimulation and very wet.  Quite a turn on to look at while getting fucked I discovered.  

Maybe I was drunk or maybe I this had been wanting to come out, I don't know but it was then that I had an idea.  I looked up at Eric and asked "Do you like doggie style?"
"Baby...I love doggy."

I pulled off and rolled over, sticking my butt into the air.  We were both soaked from my juices and he slipped right in, picking up right where we left off.  I then looked over at my friend and smiled at her.  "So you like fucking my pussy with you boyfriend huh?"
She smiled a wicked smile and nodded her head, "I like it very much."
"Well how would you like to fuck my face with your pussy?"  god I can't believe I said that looking back on it.  How bold of me!
She seemed a little surprised, but only a little; but then I think she was pretty drunk too.  Also, I think you'd have to be pretty deviant to want to watch your boyfriend fuck your best friend so pretty much expected her to take me up on it.  Her surprise was quickly replaced by a mischievous grin that matched my own.

With in seconds I was licking my very first pussy.  It tasted a lot like my own but at the same time was a whole new experience.  I must say it was strange at first but I really did enjoy licking her and having control over her sexual pleasure for the time that I did.  Sinking finger inside her was very exciting; I think thats the part I enjoyed the most except of course bringing her to orgasm.  Its wonderful when one persons orgasm can trigger someone elses, isn't it?  

Well, Shortly after I placed my face between my friends legs I pushed a finger inside her.  I tried to duplicate the mastery that her boyfriend had with his tongue and finger on me.  I think I did a pretty good job as I was able to bring my friend to what seemed like a very strong orgasm on my face.  That was a hell of a turn on!  Having her thrust her whole body forward into my face an buck against my mouth and finger.  The only was I was able to absorb her energy was to thrust back against Eric.  I was nicely sandwiched between the two.  As she screamed out that she was cumming that triggered Eric to really go wild and he came right afterward, gripping my hips and pulling me onto him, forcing his cock deeper inside me, announcing that he was cumming in me.  That did it for me, I launched right to the moon again, having a huge orgasm right then.  

It's strange the sensations you feel during a really strong orgasm.  Sometimes you can't feeling anything except the contractions and other times you feel the hair on your head stand up.  Well this time I remember feeling all the wetness on my face, some of it already drying, and some of it so wet it was running down my chin.  I also was feeling the wetness of my juices (I'm sure mixed with Erics) running down my leg.  God what a huge turn on.  

My orgasm seemed to last for minutes, and I was completely exhausted afterward.  I collapsed with my butt still in the air.  Eric was still in me so I thought I would keep him there as long as possible.  

My friend was laid onto her back after she came so her cunt was still in front of me.  We were all quiet, just breathing and recovering...I don't know how long we stayed like that...eventually Eric said he thought he could move again and offered to get us a drink.  My friend and I both grunted an affirmative and he slowly pulled out and got up.  I eased myself down all the way and stared into my friends twat.  I felt like it was smiling at me! :)

I pulled myself forward and gave it a gentle kiss, pushed myself upward and looked my friend in the eye. "So how was I?"


I love to hear from readers!  Feel free to send me your comments.
Sarah_k69@hotmail.com
