This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Mouth part 7 (mFF, bi, blackmail, inc, nc, oral, impreg?, F-solo)

by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

On the next day their mom got home.

"How are my gorgeous kidlets?" their Mom said, enveloping each in a quick hug.

"Okay, I guess," Leslie replied noncommittally.

"What's wrong, sweetie?"

The college student looked over at her younger brother, who had suddenly become very still and intense, and then back to her mom. "Just...going to miss you when I go back to school," she replied.

---

Jay came to Leslie's room after everyone had gone to bed. To her surprise he didn't want sex; he actually wanted to discuss what would happen after she left...he would need her help.

When they were done talking he demanded a blowjob from her, though.

---

The next morning:

"Hey Mom, could I get your help with a school project?" Leslie asked.

"Sure sweetie," her Mom said helpfully.

---

That night:

"This is the last of the sleeping pills Cal stole from his mom, so this has to work tonight," said Jay as he crushed them up into the teacup.

"It'll work," agreed Leslie, grabbing the honey from the shelf.

---

Leslie held the video recorder as both she and Jay stole into their mom's room. As expected, the older woman was sound asleep on the bedcovers with her clothes still on. They turned the room light off.

They shook their mom and called out to her. No response. Then Jay flicked her nose hard, as he had done to Leslie when he had drugged her. Their mom was right out.

Leslie zoomed in on her mother's face so that you could make out that it was her but not that she was asleep, and Jay grabbed her hair off camera, moving it this way and that to make it look like she was saying something, just like Jay and Cal had done to Leslie that first night. Then they turned the light back on.

They undressed their mother down to her thong, admiring her new tan as they did so. It seemed that Mom had done some topless sunbathing while she was away, as her large breasts did not have any tan lines.

Their Mom had had children while she was young and was currently only forty years old. The divorced mother of two also made sure to go to yoga classes and eat right. She was a knockout, an older version of Leslie but in better shape. She would make Jay an excellent replacement when his sister went back to school.

They put a sleep mask on their mother so it wouldn't look like she was unconscious and then Jay removed his own clothes. Just like on the blackmail tape Jay and Cal had made of Leslie, he pushed his hard cock into his mother's mouth. Just like Leslie, their mother began nursing on it.

Leslie began feeling a persistent itch between her legs. She had had sex with Jay every night since he had blackmailed her, she was in the tail end of her fertile time of the month, and they were doing naughty, forbidden things to their mother. She was extremely turned on!

"Jay, I want you to fuck her."

Jay looked surprised. "Really? We only need a blowjob for the tape."

Leslie thought of all the times that her mother had punished her for stupid things, like staying out too late with her friends. "Yeah, stick that fucking cock in her, little bro."

Jay liked his sister's new perverted streak. He took his cock from his mother's mouth and clambered between her shapely tanned legs. He pulled her thong off and whistled at the small "airstrip" trim job she had made of her pubes. Then he went down on her, applying some of the techniques that Steve had taught him from a couple nights ago.

Leslie reached forward and tweaked her mother's substantial nipples while Jay licked the older woman's pussy. She thought about how both kids had fed on those big titties when they were babies and her pussy throbbed a little.

She smacked Jay's ass. "Get in there!" she urged.

"Jeez! All right..." Jay replied, lining his stiffy up with his mother's now wet and distended pussy lips.

Both of them held their breath as Jay pushed inside. His mom's pussy wasn't as tight as Leslie's but that was to be expected for an older woman who had birthed two children. Still, it felt good and the slightly less tight pussy did not change his mind about what they were doing.

Once he was most of the way inside he pulled back halfway and then pushed himself all the way inside, hard. There was a little resistance but as the lubrication spread through his mom's pussy it became easier.

Jay got a good rhythm going and he watched his mom's boobs jiggle up and down as he rammed into the sleeping woman. He felt funny and decided to take one of the nipples into his mouth, suckling like a baby. This felt really good to him.

Leslie took the opportunity to undo her shorts and used one hand to frig herself while the other kept filming.

Jay was getting close. "Should I finish in her mouth, or do you want it?"

"Cum in her," she replied instantly.

"WHAT?!" Jay asked incredulously, though he didn't slow down.

"You've been so good, pulling out and not cumming in me, and I know you wanted to. You deserve this, Jay. Cum in her...put your cum right where you were made."

"Oh shit," Jay said, moving faster. "Do you think she's on the pill?"

"She uses a diaphragm," Leslie replied, moving to the side table and opening its drawer. "Here it is." She held up the item in question, definitely not in a position where it would do any good for their mother's current predicament.

Jay was huffing now, thrusting very fast into the sleeping woman. "But...what if she gets...?"

Leslie dropped the diaphragm back into the drawer, closed it, and then moved behind her brother. She whispered into his ear, "Then we'll say it's her boyfriend's, of course." She dropped the camera and reached behind him while frigging herself again.

As she caressed his balls and gave them a little squeeze she said, "Knock her up, you bastard."

Jay howled in primal rut as his orgasm shut down his logical brain and the animal part took over. He felt his balls give up their cargo and his cock exploded deep inside his mother's possibly fertile reproductive system. Spurt after spurt of potent, incestuous, sperm-filled semen inundated the insides of his mother's luscious, unconscious body.

"Oh fuuuuck..." Leslie cried out as she came hard at the thought of her brother possibly fucking a baby into their mother. She gave his balls a small, extra squeeze to make sure as much seed as possible came out in order to give his swimmers the best chance. Then she fell to the side as her legs gave out. She lay there, shaking, another orgasm washing over her as Jay continued to grunt as he inseminated their mother.

---

The next morning, Leslie hugged her brother. "Good luck," she said, looking back at the house. He was going to reveal the video they had made to their mother tonight. As a respected lawyer and PTA member she would have no choice but to accede to her son's amorous blackmail, just like Leslie had.

Leslie was free, for now, and heading back to college. She would soon hear how their gambit played out, and would wait on tenterhooks to see if her own period would come in the next couple of weeks.

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com).
