Sarah's Afternoon
by PrevertedMe

She is thrilled after being drugged.

Sarah bounced along to the music coming from her car stereo as she hummed along with the words. Today she was in a good mood. An extremely good mood. She was on her way over to Dan's place to watch the game with him and a couple of his buddies and she thought of the invitation as a sign that they were in fact moving along into a relationship, a sign that their third date had not been their last. She could still feel the thrill that had raced through her when he had called yesterday, Saturday afternoon, to invite her over.

"Mike and Tom are coming over to watch the Bucs play and I thought you might like to join us," his voice had come through the receiver.

Not a huge football fan, but not one of those women who despise the game either, Sarah had accepted the invitation while trying desperately to keep the excitement she was feeling from showing in her voice.

"Do you want me to bring anything?" She'd asked politely, half expecting it to be one of those cases where the man expects the woman to play hostess for his buddies.

"Nope," Dan's voice smiled through the phone. "Just your lovely self."

Sarah's heart did a summersault in her chest at the response. Still struggling to disguise her excitement she'd assured him she would be there.

And now she was on her way over.

It wasn't just that she thought her and Dan were actually building up to a relationship that had her excited. Oh yes, Dan was a great guy. Tall, nice looking, generally sweet and interesting. He had even seemed genuinely caring when she'd explained the long rode she'd been on during their second date. And on their third date he had assured her he was willing to wait a little longer for them to have sex.

But it wasn't just him. It was the idea that she was actually doing something again.

Nearly a year prior Sarah had broken up with her boyfriend of seven years. Well, more like he had broken up with her. Except he hadn't bothered to tell her. At least not until she'd walked into their apartment to catch him fucking her friend, now ex-friend, Debbie on their couch. The ensuing fight had gotten ugly and Tim, her ex, had spewed some pretty mean things in her direction, including calling her "fat" among several names under that same category. Since then Sarah had only managed to go on dates with a few different men, and none of those dates had turned out well in her eyes. Only one of the guys had asked for a second date and he'd stood her up for that. All of this had taken a fairly large toll on her self-esteem and she was only now fighting her way back.

Although Tim had called her "fat" she was now able to see and understand that he was wrong. Sure she wasn't the size two she'd been when they had first met, but she wasn't "fat" either, just a little chunky. She still had curves in all the right places. She still looked good in a pair of shorts which she was wearing today, on her way over to Dan's. A pair of tight little white shorts that hugged her ass and rode high on her thighs. Her big red t-shirt flowed loose above where it was tucked into her shorts, but still allowed her ample breasts to be outlined under the material.

As she pulled into Dan's driveway she couldn't stop her heart from racing. She barely noticed the blue car that must belong to one of his friends as she walked to the door. Dan swung open the door just seconds after she rang the doorbell and escorted her inside. He led her into the living room where his two friends were already waiting. He introduced them then offered to get Sarah a beer from the fridge, an offer she readily accepted.

Until that moment she hadn't realized how nervous she was, but with coming face to face with Dan's friends the feeling suddenly presented itself. Both Mike and Tom were friendly to her, smiling as they shook her hand. Tom even complimented her hair, admiring the long brown tresses streaked with blond highlights and Mike jokingly scolded Dan for not telling them just how pretty she was as his eyes bore into hers. Like Dan, they were both nice looking men and Sarah felt herself growing slightly embarrassed by their compliments and the way their eyes seemed to roam over her body. While she waited for Dan to return with the beer she shuffled her bare feet in the carpet and tried to make polite conversation with the two of them even as she felt their eyes continuing to admire her.

Just as Dan returned with a cold beer for her a voice from the big screen TV announced the kick-off and everyone's attention turned to the game.

Sarah surprised herself by slamming half of the beer down before the second offensive play. Silently she scolded herself and made a conscience decision to monitor her consumption. So, halfway through the first quarter when the guys were all getting a second beer, she was proud for still holding onto her first. But when the quarter ended she nodded when Tom asked who was ready for another and walked into the kitchen.

She was not a heavy drinker, nor even a regular consumer of alcohol, but still she was surprised when she began to feel slightly lightheaded partway through this second bottle. Chocking it up to nerves she decided to regulate her drinking even more but with every miniscule sip she took she grew more and more lightheaded.

Sitting on the couch next to Dan she made a point of setting the bottle onto the coffee table and snuggling against him. He responded by wrapping his arm around her and pulling her tighter against him as she rested her head on his shoulder and closed her eyes.

Sometime later, Sarah had no idea how long it had been, she felt herself being helped to her feet. She leaned against the body that was supporting her and allowed herself to be led from the living room. In a hazy stupor, unsure of what was happening, she mumbled an apology directed to Dan to which she heard his voice responding that everything was "Ok" and that "we'll take care of you."

A moment later she was being laid down on a mattress, her body splaying out across it, arms outstretched, legs slightly twisted, her hair splashing out, the tresses falling freely. She closed her eyes and drifted off to somewhere for another uncertain period of time.

From somewhere in a dreamland Sarah felt certain emotions rising up inside of her, urgings of desire being stirred. Her body was warming, her loins awakening.

Still unaware of most everything, she had been helped into Dan's bedroom and laid atop his bed. And now he and his two friends were all naked and touching her, their half-erect cocks steadily growing firmer with each passing moment.

Kneeling at her side Mike was gently massaging one of her breasts through her t-shirt. Sitting across from him, Tom was cupping the other fleshy mound. Between her legs Dan knelt, his hands sliding up and down along her legs, his fingers caressing her bare flesh. It was the combined sensation of their hands that was stirring the arousal within Sarah's loins, that was warming her body. Quietly she murmured as the beginning shocks of desire tingled along her nerves. She was laying with her face turned toward the side where Mike knelt and now she slowly rolled to face the other side.

For several minutes the three men continued to massage her body, their hands warming her flesh as they touched her in ways she hadn't been touched in a long time. The two hands massaging, cupping her breasts, squeezing the pliant mounds and rubbing across her hardening nipples. Dan's hands sliding up and down along her legs, caressing her flesh, slipping along her inner thighs and warming her skin.

In her stupor all Sarah could do was lay there with their hands fueling the desire that had been awoken in her, unaware of what was happening.

Eventually she started waking up, her mind digging its way up, out of the hazy cloud enveloping it, her faculties reaching out for answers to the questions starting to assert themselves.

"Mmm . . . Hmm . . ." she mumbled, her voice trying to verbalize these confused thoughts. "Wha- Whaaaaa . . ."

Still in a dazed confusion Sarah struggled to pull herself out of the warped clouds in her head. As she did this her head rolled slowly back and forth a couple of times, her eyes fighting to open themselves. Through a thick haze of vision she saw things . . . men above her, saw them smiling down at her. She didn't recognize them and even questioned herself if she was actually seeing them or if she was imagining them.

"Mmm . . . Whaaaa . . ." she mumbled again.

Tom and Mike stopped massaging her breasts through her t-shirt and Dan climbed up along her body. Laying himself between her parted legs and pressing into her crotch with his weight he cupped her head in his hands and gently kissed her cheek a couple of times before whispering into her ear.

"It's okay, Sarah," he breathed quietly. "We're gonna take care of you."

"Hmmm . . . Whaaa . . ." the sound of his voice reached down into the fog she was in and triggered something recognizable.

"You'll be alright, Sarah," he whispered. "Just let yourself go. Just go with the feelings."

The way he was laying with his body pressing into her crotch made her clit, already awakened by the attentions she had received, throb as it was pushed against. This sent fans of desire to stir the fires within her loins.

"Hmmm," she moaned softly.

Dan continued to lay there pressing against her, his fingers slipping through her hair, his hands caressing her scalp, his lips gently kissing her cheeks. His breath washed across her flesh and into her ear as he whispered again and again that "it'll be okay. You'll be alright."

During this Sarah's mind managed to dig itself closer and closer to the surface, managed to find a thin slit in the haze covering her thoughts and peer out into the reality world. Ever so slowly she became aware of a few things. The first was her body as her mind reached out to recognize the urgings that she was experiencing, the feel of desire being stoked within her loins. This sensation tingled all along her nerves, reached out from the central fire to massage and caress her every fiber. Her breasts were warm and sensitive, her nipples partially swollen and aching.

"We're gonna take care of you, Sarah," Dan was whispering. "We're gonna take real good care of you."

Although the actual words held little recognition for her, a minimum of understandability, Sarah's mind reacted to the meaning of them. She felt her body growing warmer, felt her desires becoming more heated. Somehow she managed to pry her eyelids open a slit and actually see semi-clearly for a moment. Above her she saw a man kneeling, saw him smiling down at her while at his crotch his hand slowly stroked a stiff cock. In that brief second Sarah didn't recognize the man nor did she fully understand what she was seeing, but her body reacted to the sight of that cock. Embers of passion flared into searing red heat and wetness flowed within her sex.

The whispering and kissing continued and Sarah closed her eyes again as the cloud flowed across her mind for another minute or two. When she reached out from behind it once again she felt a difference in things.

Dan pulled himself back and knelt between her legs as he undid the button of her white shorts and pulled down on the zipper. When he started tugging at her red t-shirt Sarah's body instinctively tried to move in assistance. Barely she realized that she was unable to, that her body was not reacting to the thoughts she was sending to it.

Cool air washed across her torso as Dan untucked her shirt and pulled it up to expose her bare breasts. The feel of it caused her already swelling nipples to harden further, standing erect atop the fleshy mounds as they were exposed. A second later warm hands covered the twin orbs, cupping and massaging them with firmness.

"Mmmmm," Sarah moaned reflexively.

"Ten months is a long time to go without sex," Dan whispered above her, his hands plying at her tits. "Ten months without a fleshy cock filling your pussy. Ten months without a mouth sucking on your tits."

Suddenly he bent down and locked his mouth over one of her nipples. The wet warmth of it flooded Sarah's nerves with passion and when his tongue slid across the sensitized nub electrical shockwaves blasted through her body.

"Mmmmm," she mewed.

Dan proceeded to lick and suck on each of her tits for several minutes, his wet tongue washing back and forth across her swollen nipples, brushing across the electrified nerve endings there. His wet mouth locked over one aching button for a minute then switched to the other before going back again. All the while his hands cupped and massaged the fleshy mounds.

Even if she had wanted to, Sarah could do nothing but lay there and allow it. Her body was still not responding to the orders that she was sending to it, that she thought she was sending to it.

Slowly more and more of the real world pushed its way past the haze of her mind, bringing with it more and more understanding of what was happening. Through slit eyelids she caught glimpses of two men rising above her, saw them staring down at her and smiling. She still didn't recognize them as Tom and Mike, her mind unable to piece certain parts of the puzzle together. But at their crotches she spied firm cocks being held and slowly stroked, and these she did recognize for what they were. Someone's hand was on her head, caressing her scalp, fingers trialing their way through her hair. Someone else's fingers were gently stroking her cheek and lingering their way across her lips.

All of this, the feeling of Dan sucking and massaging her breasts, the other hands caressing and touching her, the sight of the hard cocks so near to her, was stoking the desire of her body. Between her legs she sensed a growing fire, flames of passion burning hotter with each passing second, and her juices coating her vagina with their wetness.

When Dan released her one nipple a minute later and didn't move to envelope the other Sarah whimpered quietly with sadness. The feel of his wet mouth, his slithering tongue, had been thrilling for her. A long forgotten pleasure that she hadn't realized how much she had missed.

But through her slit eyes she saw him sliding back up to look at her face, his eyes sparkling down at her.

"We slipped something into your drink," he whispered. "It's new. Don't worry. It hits fast but also wears off pretty quick too. You'll be coming around any minute now. And when you do you'll be ready to take our cocks like a good little slut."

His words, though still kind of fuzzy to her mind, did register at some level and Sarah felt herself becoming both aroused and upset. The latter emotion made sense to her, even in her confused state, but the former caused her some added confusion. Still, she could not deny the feelings that were stirring deep inside her body. The excitement and desire that was causing her pussy to grow damper and damper with each passing second. The primitive urgings of her lust.

Dan leaned in and gently brushed his lips against hers sending more tingling vibrations along her nerves. After a few more soft kisses he pulled away. As he reared back to once again kneel between her parted legs his appearance grew blurry from the cloud still holding her mind in a thinning cloud.

The next sensation she was aware of was the feel of her hands and arms being adjusted in their placement. Questioningly she rolled to look at the one man towering above her and suddenly the sense that she did recognize him filled her thoughts. She was still unable to put a name with him but her mind continued to argue she should know him even as her eyes slid downward to his crotch. What she saw there sent a wave of lust rolling along her body to fan at the flames in her loins.

It was now her hand that was holding onto his stiff cock, reflexively stroking it. Her delicate fingers were wrapped around the fleshy pole. She was just barely conscience of the fact she was tugging at it and squeezing gently although she wasn't even sure how or why. Struggling she rolled her head to the other side and saw that her other hand was holding onto that man's rigid cock as well, her fingers encircling the pole of swollen flesh.

"Ooooohhhhhh," she sighed quietly as the feel of these two stiff cocks raced along her nerves to her clearing mind.

She continued to stare at the cock she held while she sensed the three men's hands once more roving over her body.

At her chest two different hands were fondling her aching breasts. The feel of them, the way they moved and touched her declared that they did in fact belong to two separate people. One was slightly rougher than the other and liked to flatten her nipple beneath its palm while it squeezed at her fleshy mound. The other, gentler cupping fingers were more into rolling and tweaking her swollen nipple.

The idea that her ability to judge the difference between these two touches meant she was coming further and further out of the cloud never registered in her mind. The sensation of their massaging and the feel of the two cocks in her hands was too much at the forefront of her emotions to allow her the luxury of logic.

At her legs and waist Dan's hands were busy as well. They were sliding along her legs, stroking her flesh and caressing her nerves as they trailed up and down her thighs, slipping from inside to the outside along their travels. Eventually they slid up to the hem of her shorts. Sarah recognized the feel of his fingers slipping inside and beginning to pull at the small garment. Instinctively she lifted her ass off the bed slightly to make the transition easier.

"See, you want it," she heard Dan chuckle quietly. "You want us to fuck your pussy. You want to be our little slut."

Hearing these words made Sarah realize just how she was acting and this in turn caused her to realize how unclouded her mind actually was becoming. Whatever they had slipped her was wearing off rapidly. Only instead of rational, sensible thinking, her mind was now being clouded by the passion and lust of her body. In the drugged stupor's place was now a haze of heated desire fueled by the feelings and sensations which had built up during the previous inability to function.

"Ooohhhhh," she whimpered with the realization of what was happening, of what she was doing.

"Oh God yes," someone groaned above her.

The new voice, tinged heavily with its own desire, caused Sarah to concentrate on it for a second. She didn't know which of the two men had said it but she was pretty sure she knew why they had said it. Her hands had been busy with their own burning desire. She realized she was needily pulling and squeezing at the two cocks she held, her fingers stroking the rigid poles with increasing hunger. And she assumed it was this that was making him groan with pleasure.

As her shorts were pulled slowly down along her legs she heard a sigh of pleasure from both Dan and one of the others. He had managed to snag her underwear with the shorts and his baring action was completely uncovering her sex. As an act of just-in-case-preparation Sarah had spent some time cleaning her sex area up that very morning. She had trimmed and shaved her pubes down so that only a thin trail of fine fur ran up along either side of her lips and a small square patch lay at the top. She had done this not because she had planned on sleeping with Dan after the game, but as a measure of insurance incase she did. Her juices had been flowing. Her sex glistened with wetness, her labia were puffy, almost throbbing with the hunger that her body was feeling. Her clit was swollen, its delicate head protruding out from beneath its protective hood.

There she lay, with not only Dan seeing the cleaned up and heated sex, but two other men as well. Two men that were his friends . . . two men whose cocks Sarah was hungrily tugging at as Dan pulled her shorts off her feet and tossed them aside. Two men . . . Tom and Mike.

Those were their names. Tom and Mike. They were Dan's friends. The two guys who had been at Dan's house watching the game with her. And now they were kneeling beside her exposed body, their hands cupping and squeezing her milky breasts while she pulled at their rigid cocks with her own hands. They were staring down at her and looking at her crotch while Dan spread her legs, exposing her trimmed sex to their eyes.

"Damn she looks good," Dan sighed, his hands running up along the insides of her thighs.

As his thumbs slid along her flesh to nearly touch her pussy Sarah's hips instinctively pushed downward, her body aching to make him touch her.

"God, she is hot," Mike sighed above her.

"She's gonna be a fun little slut for us. Ain't you?" Tom grinned.

Dan's hands were resting on the area where her legs broke down from her crotch, his thumbs caressing the outer edges of her puffed out labia. His palms felt hot on her skin, his delicately tracing thumbs teasingly close.

"Uuuuggghhhhh," she moaned quietly.

Even as her hands and hips acted out the urgings of her body Sarah still felt unsure about what was happening. She was filled with nervous apprehension hedged by confused emotions. She knew she should be angry with these men, raging mad at what they had done and were doing to her. But her mind was so clouded by the feelings racing through her body, so distracted by the heated need in her loins.

"I can't wait to eat this pussy," Dan sighed.

The sound of those words, the idea of what they meant and the thought of him putting his tongue against her sex caused a massive surge of desire to fan the burning flames of Sarah's lust. Reflexively her hips jerked a little. Her eyes closed and her head rolled back slightly on her neck.

"Oooohhhhhhhh," she whimpered.

"I think she likes that idea," Mike chuckled. "The slut wants you to eat her out."

Both men whose cocks she was jerking off continued to massage her breasts and stare down at her as Sarah's head rolled and her hair flittered in the air. Her eyes remained closed as she pushed and jerked her hips in small little movements as an attempt to make Dan's tantalizingly close fingers actually touch her pussy lips or swollen, aching clit. She panted past lips that were beginning to hang open slightly, gasped and whimpered as the sensations that the three men's hands and the feel of the two stiff cocks continued to fan the flames of her lust higher and higher.

A moment later she felt Dan's weight between her legs shift slightly then his warm breath caressing the juices which were glistening on her sex. She forced herself to freeze in place, mentally told her hips to stop their miniscule writhing about so that he would have an easy target to lap at with his tongue. Unconsciously she held her breath as every nerve in her body tingled excitedly with anticipation.

Deep inside her loins an orgasm had manifested itself, had been raised up from somewhere. It now moved into the foreground, stood on the brink of release as her anticipation nudged it closer and closer to the cliff of explosive liberation. Anxiously she laid there with the two men towering above her, their rigid cocks in her hands as she slowly pulled at them. She felt Dan's breath growing warmer, heavier on her wet cunt, felt the heat of his face on her swollen labia as it neared her flesh.

Never before had Sarah experienced such excited anticipation. Never had she been so teasingly close to the edge of ecstasy and made to wait for the orgasmic explosion that she knew was only seconds . . . only milliseconds away. Never had she experienced such a demanding lust or burning need to be touched and licked . . . to feel a man's tongue on her clit.

When Dan's tongue flickered out to brush up along her slit and across her throbbing clit the orgasm rocketed off the cliff edge and plummeted into freedom. Every muscle in Sarah's body suddenly tensed, her tendons stretched and tightened. As her hips drove themselves at Dan's face her ass bounced from the bed. Her mouth fell open and her head slid back, back, back, toward the limits of her bending neck.

"Ooooohhhhhhhhh-mmmmmmmmmm," she moaned but was stopped.

"Suck it whore," Tom's voice growled.

Seeing her start to explode in orgasmic release he had filled his free hand with her hair and jerked her head up, turning her face toward him at the same time. Her moaning, open mouth had offered no resistance to the sudden insertion of his cock past her lips as he stuffed himself into her.

All of this, the yanking of her hair, the twisting of her neck and the sudden loss of oral freedom, jerked Sarah's orgasm back from its release. It left her with only a tantalizing taste of what it would have felt like, a brief explosion of amazing force.

"Mmmmm," she whimpered with the agonizing frustration of it. "Mmmmm."

Although the orgasm was lost for the moment, pulled back and put into check by it all, her body still burned hotly with the lust raging inside of her.

The sudden feel of a stiff cock penetrating her, although not in her cunt, added more fuel to the searing heat of her desire. She tightened her lips around the cock that was stuffed into her mouth and sucked on it, her fingers instinctively slipping down it to hold the base and allow her mouth to engulf several inches of the hard pole.

Above her she heard Tom moan in pleasure and surges of delight ran down her nerves to stoke her passions even further.

Dan licked at her pussy, his tongue roaming up and down along her slit and swirling over and over her aching clit.

The fingers wrapped into her hair loosened enough to allow Sarah to take control of the blow job and she did just that with a passion. She slid her lips up and down the shaft, sliding them across the flesh as they gripped it tightly. She pumped her face at Tom's crotch, fucking his cock with her mouth as her tongue swirled around it.

Between her legs Dan licked and lapped at her pussy. He pushed the tip of it into her opening and her hips pushed back. He lapped over her clit and her ass rose up off the bed in an attempt to increase the pressure.

Upon her chest the two hands continued to massage, cup and squeeze her aching tits, their warmth radiating against her flesh as they kneaded and palmed the pliant mounds.

"Yea, suck it whore. Suck my cock." Tom moaned happily as she fucked him with her mouth. "Suck it you little slut. Suck it like a good whore."

As the initial shock of having her mouth filled subsided and the needs of her body continued to be met, Sarah's orgasm once again neared the edge of release. Soon it once again hung teetering on the very thin edge, threatening to plummet off into its exploding existence with even greater force than before. In response to this threat Sarah's hips rolled and bumped at Dan's tongue, her head bobbed with increasing speed at Tom's crotch. She tightened her lips around the flesh of the cock even more and sucked on it deeper. The first drop of precum to assault her taste buds threw more fuel onto her fires and she pulled at Tom's cock even deeper.

"Yea, that's it. Suck it, you whore." Tom sighed "Suck my cock like a hungry little slut. Suck it. Suck it whore. God she's good."

"Mmmmm, mmmmm, mmmmmmmmmm," Sarah whimpered around the cock as she felt her orgasm preparing to explode within her body.

Her hips began to jerk beneath the assault of Dan's tongue and her mouth slid faster back and forth along Tom's rigid cock. Her back raised off the bed to shove her tits into the men's hands, pushing her pliant flesh into their grasp and making them cup her mounds with more firmness.

"Mmmmm, mmmmm, mmmmm," Sarah whimpered with need.

"She's ready to explode," Mike cheered.

With the same suddenness that he had stuffed her mouth with his cock only moments before Tom's fingers tightened in her tresses again and jerked her face away from his crotch. Near simultaneously Dan jerked his own face away from her crotch and her now dripping cunt to raise up and kneel above her.

"Oooohhhhhhhhhhh," she cried as her orgasm was once again frozen in place then began to slip back from its edge.

Once Sarah's head was pulled back Tom released her hair to allow it to fall free. Hungrily she quickly spun to face Mike and shoved her face at his crotch, her mouth opening in a desperate attempt to engulf his hard cock. She managed to wrap her lips around the head of it, tasting a coating of precum, then slide the first inches of it into her mouth.

"Look at the cock hungry whore," Tom laughed.

"God, she is good," Mike sighed.

The feel of having Mike's cock in her mouth, of having her lips wrapped around a second man's stiff pole, stopped the retreat of Sarah's orgasm. It froze it just inches away from the edge of release, a manifested thing wavering in place from the duel forces pulling at it.

"She wants a cock in her pussy," Dan said. "A hard cock fucking her sweet little pussy."

"Mmmmmmmmmmm," Sarah moaned as she pumped her lips on Mike's cock.

Her hips rolled upon the bed as she felt the fingers of one of Dan's hands playing along the outer edges of her labia, the digits trailing their way through the coating of juices which glistened within the trimmed hairs there.

"Don't you slut?" Dan asked. "You want a stiff cock filling this sweet tasting pussy of yours?"

"Mmmmm, mmmmm," she whimpered as her hips began to jerk in response.

"Yea you do, whore," he grinned, his fingers toying near her wet opening. "Tell us you want to be fucked. Tell us you want our stiff cocks fucking you."

Within Sarah's loins her orgasm was hanging precariously upon that edge, its toes dug in and holding tight as its body teetered forward on the very brink of falling forward and exploding within her. Her juices flowed wet and hot, her pussy gaped opened in hungry need and flaming desire. Her hips rolled and jerked upon the bed as she shoved her tits into the hands of Tom and Mike.

Quickly she pulled her mouth from Mike's cock. Her head rolled back to face up at the three men. Her eyes trailed their way down from Dan's face to his crotch where she saw his own raging hard-on gripped within his hand, the shining head pointing toward her aching cunt. With both hands still pulling at the other two cocks she panted heavily as she stared down at that stiff pole.

"Yes. Yes. I want you to fuck me," She moaned. "Fuck me with your hard cock. Fuck my pussy. Fuck me. Fuck my hot pussy with your hard cock. Fuck me."

Sarah laid there with Mike and Tom's cocks in her grasp, her fingers squeezing them tightly as her hands stroked their flesh back and forth. Her eyes bounced from one cock to the next to the next, her tongue slipping out to lick at her lips as her mind was filled by the memory of their feel and the taste of their precum. She panted heavily and atop her chest her tits were being smashed into the hands fondling them, her hard nipples rolled and tweaked. Instinctively her legs slid up to bend at the knees, her feet pressing into the mattress to lift her ass up and roll her hips at the cock being aimed at her aching twat.

"Oooohhhhh yes, fuck me," she whimpered as she watched Dan bending closer, his cock nearing her sex. "Put your cock in me and fuck my wet pussy. Fuck me."

She closed her eyes and laid her head back as he brushed the tip of it along her slit and rubbed at her clit for a second. As the swollen nub was pressed against, she gasped heavily.

"Ooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh," she mewed.

Dan then lined his cock up with her opening and pressed into her. As the head pushed along her walls and slid into her Sarah's orgasm broke free of the edge and shot forward with tidal force. Her feet dug into the mattress and she drove her hips upward, pummeling herself along the length of his cock and burying the entire length deep inside of her.

"Ooooooooohhhhhhhhh-uuuugggggggghhhhhhhhh," she cried out.

Her hips began to jerk and jump as she ground her crotch into Dan, stuffing his cock into her and rubbing it all around inside her gushing sex. Her juices flowed and washed across his flesh pole, pumped past it to leak out of her slit and run along her flesh. She panted and moaned as the orgasm shot through her every fiber and exploded with a multitude of delicious pleasure. Wave after wave of lust washed through her and her body jerked and jumped, bucked and humped in response.

"Ooohhhh Goooddd yeeeesssss. Fuuccckkkk meeeeeeeeeee!" She moaned loudly.

"Yea, take it slut," Dan cheered, grinding himself back into her. "Take my cock."

As the orgasm flooded Sarah's senses with its power she yanked on the two cocks she held, tugging and pulling on them in lust filled desire. Her hair flew about her face as her head started to roll from one side to the other, her eyes tightly shut, her mouth hanging open as guttural moans escaped.

"Yea, fuck him, you slut," Tom chuckled, watching her. "Fuck his cock like a good whore."

"Fuck him. Fuck him," Mike joined in.

"Oh yes. Fuck my cock you dirty whore," Dan added. "Fuck my hard cock with your wet pussy."

"Oooohhhhhhh-uuuuggggggghhhhhhhhhh!" Sarah moaned out as a second, more intensive orgasm came on the very heels of the first. "Ooooooohhhhhhhhh Gooooooooooddddddddddd yeeeessssssssssss!"

Her muscles clenched and her body rose higher off the bed as her feet kicked deeper into the mattress. Her crotch ground harder into Dan as her hips jerked spastically with the filling sensation of her juiced sex.

"Yes. Fuck his cock whore," Mike told her.

"Fuck him you tramp," Tom cheered.

"Oh shit yes!" Dan groaned as she humped herself back and forth a few times along the base inch of his cock.

In near unison Tom and Mike both grabbed her hard nipples with their fingers and gave the swollen nubs a tug. Massive shots of electricity scorched through Sarah's body to throw even more fuel onto the exploding orgasm she was having. Juices flowed from her cunt to pour down across her ass cheeks and fall onto the bed. She moaned and cried with delirious pleasure, humping herself upon Dan's cock while her head twisted and rolled upon her straining neck.

"Oooohhhhhhh Gooodddd. Oooohhhhhhh Gooodddd. Oooohhhhhhh Gooodddd yeeesssssss."

"Fuck his cock. Fuck his cock whore."

"Yea, fuck him you whore."

Moments later, as her orgasm did begin to fade, Sarah's muscles relaxed and her body began to lower itself back onto the bed. As soon as she had reached the point were he could, Dan pulled his hips back then slammed himself deep into her cunt once more.

The sensation threw Sarah back to the brink of still another orgasm and as he continued to thrust himself back and forth several times his pistoning cock pushed her closer and closer to that newest explosion.

"Oooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh," she whimpered, the feeling of this ecstasy causing her more need. "Oooohhhhhhh Gooodddd yeeesssssss."

Someone's fingers filled themselves with her hair and her head was lifted then turned. Mike crammed his cock into her mouth, shoving several inches along her lips as she locked them tightly around the circumference.

"Suck it, whore," he growled. "Suck my cock while he fucks you."

Sarah sucked deeply on the cock she was being fed. She held her lips tight upon the pole as Mike started to rock his hips at her face and fuck her mouth. She slid her tongue over and across the flesh, slavering it with her lust as she bobbed her head in return.

Dan's cock trust in and out of her cunt, its hardness ramming at her and pounding her loins with heated passion. He fucked her with a rhythm close to what Mike was using. With each inward drive her cunt became filled by his manhood and with each withdrawal she felt a sense of loss.

They fucked her like this for several minutes, pounding and thrusting themselves at her body as her orgasm grew nearer and nearer to its liberation. Her juices coated Dan's cock, her mouth held tightly to Mike's. She whimpered and mewed around the shaft that was fucking her face and small twitches of nerves made her flesh quiver with excitement.

"Suck on it whore. Suck my cock. Suck it."

"Fuck his cock you slut. Fuck those two cocks like a dirty slut."

"You like having my cock in your pussy, don't you whore. You like being fucked."

They were saying these types of things over and over again to her, calling her a slut and a whore and a tramp while she laid their being fucked by two of their cocks and jerking hungrily at the third. Her body rocked and humped itself in response, pumping her cunt at the cock being drilled into her again and again, bobbing her face into the other's crotch.

"Mmmmmmm, mmmmmmm, mmmmmmmm," she whimpered. "Mmmmmmm, mmmmmmm."

Her orgasm was close, it hung precariously upon the edge of freedom, teetering, wavering on the very brink of its rocket-like explosion. Her muscles started to clench once again, her body arching, her ass lifting off the bed. The strain could be seen as she tensed and small, miniscule convulsions made her loose the rhythm of her rocking body.

"Oh fuck yea," Dan suddenly groaned.

In that instant Sarah felt his cock grow super rigid, felt it starting to jerk and twitch within her clenching pussy muscles. His own fucking motion became sporadic for a second then he froze, cramming the entire length of his cock deep inside of her. A second later she felt his cock jump inside of her, felt a blast of his cum washing across her inner walls.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!" She cried.

The feel of it sent her orgasm blasting forward, made it explode along her nerves with massive force. Her body jerked and bucked upon the bed as Mike kept a hand firmly planted on the back of her head and forced her to remain with his cock in her mouth. Because of this she was unable to release the full force of the sensations she was feeling. With convulsive, spastic jerks and twitches her body reacted. It twisted and turned upon the bed as she rammed her hips into Dan's crotch and ground her pussy at his cock. Small, spastic twitches rolled through her muscles causing her body to jerk.

"Mmmmmmmmmm-mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm," she whimpered with the slow burning sensation of the lingering orgasm she was experiencing.

As Sarah's orgasm washed through her, she struggled against the cock buried in her mouth which kept her from crying out loudly. She twisted madly upon the bed while Dan's cock continued to pump semen into her. It jumped and twitched within her pussy, spraying her with the hot liquid boiling up from his balls. The two ground their hips into one another, slipping and cramming every possible centimeter of Dan's cock into her wet cunt.

"Oh fuucckk," Tom suddenly groaned.

She had been yanking hard on his cock while being fucked by the other two and now she felt it begin to jump within her grasp. It jerked in her fingers and a second later she felt warm semen spray the side of her face. Sarah had never had such a thing done to her, had never felt fresh semen being squirted on her skin. The thought of it coupled with everything else that was happening sent her orgasm to a new dizzying height.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm," she moaned lustfully.

Shot after shot of Tom's cum landed on her, mixing in her hair and splashing across her face, neck and upper chest. Hungrily she pulled and tugged at his cock, pulling the juices up from his balls to splatter onto her.

While this was happening she felt Mike start to tense and his hips buck in a jerking fashion a few times. Then he froze as his hand grabbed her hair extra tight and his own balls began to boil over. Sarah sucked greedily at the inches of his cock buried in her mouth. As the first shot of his cum sprayed inside her she swallowed quickly, slurping the warm liquid down as he fed her more of it.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm."

Sarah laid on that bed with two cocks inside of her, unleashing their loads of semen while she jerked a third cock that was spraying its load across her flesh. She panted, gasped and moaned from the exploding orgasm all of it was giving her. Her body shook and quivered with thousands of electrical shocks along her nerves.


Soon all three cocks had finished their unleashing but Sarah's body continued to be rocked by waves of ecstasy. She refused to relinquish her hold on any of the three cocks. She locked her lips even tighter around Mike's member as it slowly began to wither, sucking deeply on it and milking every possible drop of semen from it. Tom's cock she held onto with a fevered grip, her fingers pulling and tugging on it as it too began to soften. Her feet were dug deep into the bed and she pushed her ass higher into the air, rolling her hips into Dan and squishing his cock around inside her soaked pussy for a few last moments.

Beneath her skin her muscles continued to quiver from the orgasmic waves coursing through her and she whimpered as they began to subside. She panted and fell back as Mike pulled himself from her mouth and released her hair. Her ass dropped to the bed and her legs fell straight out, her knees weak and tired from the exertions. Her other hand slid from Tom's cock, her fingers opening to allow him his freedom.

She now laid on the bed gasping for air, her body still shaking and shimmering through an extended series of aftershocks. She rolled her head to the side and closed her eyes, her mouth hanging open partially.

As she slipped into a kind of dreamland she heard the men talking, all three of them cheering their conquest. They were commenting on how amazing she had been, on how utterly fantastic of a fucking whore and slut she'd proven to be.

Just before sleep enveloped her mind she heard them say something about a short rest then going at it again. A pleasant chill rolled through her body and she mewed dreamily.

The End