Amanda - Confessions of a Teenage Nympho


	I guess my sex life began one day during  the summer of my
thirteenth year as I was doing my chores.   I was in  my brother's
room putting away his clean clothes, and I found a stack of porno-
graphic magazines in his underwear drawer.  Out of curiosity as to
what could be so great about things like that,  I swiped  them and
went to my room.    I shut and locked my door, then sat down on my
bed and started looking through the magazines.  There was  picture
after picture of nude  or  semi-nude  girls  in erotic poses,  and
stories from readers about their various  sexual  exploits.  After
reading and  looking  for a while,  I started thinking that if sex
was  as  exciting and mysterious as these magazines made it out to
be, then maybe I was missing out  (I guess that for the first time 
I started getting horny).  I began to  wonder how my body compared
to the bodies of the  girls in the pictures,  so  I  took  off  my
clothes and  knelt before my full length mirror with the magazines
spread out before me.  I looked pretty good.  My hair was shoulder
length and reddish-blond,  my blue eyes, and my lips were full and
soft.  My five-foot-two form was smooth and firm with youth. Being
summer, I was tanned a rich brown aside from milky white triangles
over my smooth round ass,  soft blond pussy, and pert, peach-sized
breasts.  

	I started playing in front of the mirror -- trying out the
poses that the  girls  in the  pictures were in.  In the course of
this I  was touching myself in ways I'd never been touched before,
and my body responded.    My nipples got hard and my skin tingled,
and then I came to a picture of a girl  with  her legs apart, left
hand cupping a breast,  and the right rubbing her  pussy.   When I
tried this pose I guess I changed my life. Massaging my pussy felt
good in a tingly sort  of way, and as I continued, it grew wet and
the  sensation slowly increased.  The thrill of watching me please
myself took me over, and I lusted after my own body.    Licking my
lips, I let go of my tit and  used  my  free hand to fondle myself
all over.   I ran my hand over my face and licked my fingers, then
rubbed my tits again and teased my nipples.   The  feeling  in  my
pussy  was  building  to  extasy and spreading through my body.  I
looked in the mirror and realized  that  I  was  slowly bucking my
hips against my hand,  and I increased the motion.     I spread my
pubic  lips  apart  and  made  little  circles  around  my aroused
clitoris with my middle finger. It burned, and I was sweating.  

	I knew  that  something big was going to happen soon and I
yearned for it. The extasy burned at the center of my being. I bit
my lip to keep from crying out,  and arched my back,  thrusting my
breasts at the image of myself in the mirror.  

	With what  seemed  like an endless sudder of intense plea-
sure beyond what I'd ever dreamed possible, I had my first orgasm,
and came.   I sank into a wet heap, relishing what I'd just exper-
ienced.   My fingers were slick with my cum,  and I sucked each of
them clean. I loved the taste of my sex.   It wasn't long before I
ached to do it again.    I laid on my back and brought my knees up
touching my shoulders with my feet in the air.    This way I had a
great view of my pussy.   I spread my lips apart and slid a finger
into my tight but lubricated little puss.   This felt great, and I
started slipping  my  finger in and out while rubbing my clit with
my other hand.  Due to the state of pleasure I was already in, and
combined with the erotic joy of getting myself off, it wasn't long
at all before I came again.  When the shudders ceased, I spread my
excess wetness into my inner thighs  and  breasts.   After panting
quietly  there  on the floor, I sat up and started looking through
the magazines again.  

	I realized  with surprize  that I had gotten horny looking
at photos of nude GIRLS!    Was that normal?  I looked at the pic-
tures.   Each of the  models  was a fleshful fantasy of curves and
hot, wet, lust.   I was excited by them, and I decided that if any
girl could get herself off the way I did by looking at other girls
then she should do it as often as possible.  My hand strayed to my
pussy again, and I started fantasizing about how romantic it could
be to be with another girl while we were both getting off.   I was
slowly turning pages and thinking about  which  of the girls would
be hottest to be with,  when I came  to a pictorial  that  brought
home all the wildest dreams I was having.   It was a spread of two
girls in bed together.   The pictures  got me so horny that I came
two more times in a daze of extasy as I stared at them.  The girls
were licking each other's pussies  and  tits  (at the time I could
only imagine how utterly erotic that world feel).  My mind painted
pictures of pleasure that made my head swim,  and I longed to live
the dream. 

	With  thoughts  of  myself  and  another girl licking each
others bodies for an orgasmic eternity, I came again, and collaps-
ed exausted. 
 
	It seemed  that I spent every free moment pleasing myself.
From the time  I  had gotten  sex  on my mind,  it was all I could
think about. My head swam with fantasies of myself and other naked
girls in sweaty orgies of licking,  and sucking,  and touching.  I
was  so  consumed with orgasms that I would lay in my bed and mas-
turbate until I was exhausted, then fall asleep. My dreams were so
erotic that I often woke with my hand on my already wet pussy, and
would start to play with myself again.

	All I could think of was that I had to try it with another
girl.  I wanted desperately to know the feeling of a wet tongue on
my nipples, and the taste of another's pussy.   It wasn't long be-
fore I had my chance...
																												    
	My parents went out of town for the weekend,  and  left me
with my brother.     He told me that I could have a friend over to
spend Saturday night, because he was going to a party and probably
wouldn't come home.   So, I called my friend Kristen, and she came
over.

	I had always thought she was pretty, and now this "new me"
thought she was so pretty and luscious!

	She was about an inch  taller than me,  with long,  curly,
light blonde  hair,  blue  eyes,  and  sweetly  curved  lips  that
glistened wetly.     Her body was tight and round in all the right
places.   I couldn't take my eyes off of her as we ate a pizza and
watched TV--waiting for my brother to leave.   I was dying to know
the shape and color of her nipples, the softness of her pussy, and
the taste of her juices.

	When my brother  finally left, I got very excited thinking
about Kristen's body and my  knickers  started  getting  wet  in my
jeans.  How was I going to tell her that I wanted to have sex with
her? How was I going to convience her to do what I wanted?

	"Kristen," I started.  "Have you ever had an orgasm?"

	We were sitting on my bed in my room and she was reading a
Hit Parade.  "No," she said, "have you?"

	 I smiled and nodded.

	"Oh really?  With who?"  she said, sitting up straight and
looking interested.  It was a good sign, and I pressed on.  "I did
it with myself."

	"Really?" she said.  "How did it feel?"

	"It was the best thing I've ever felt," I said. I was get-
ting really horny thinking that this might work out,  and  I  told
her the whole story, which only got me hotter.

	When I was done  describing  it she  asked  me if I could
show her how, and I knew I was home free.  After she'd gone as far
as to masturbate with me, she'd do anything else I asked.

	I told her to take off all her clothes,  and she did with-
out a word.    I took mine off as well,  and almost  stopped a few
times because I was so excited watching her.   Her body was smooth
and flawless, her pussy was the color of her hair, and her nipples
were red and rounded like little breasts on her breasts. I yearned
to suck them!

	There was something  electric about being naked on the bed
with her--so much untapped pleasure.   I told her to lay back with
her legs apart and do what I did.  I got on my  knees by her side,
spread my own legs, and began to rub my hard clit.     She did the
same, and soon her eyes  widened  as  the pleasure began to build.
Her nipples were now as hard as mine,  and  I told her to rub them
too.

	We watched each other like this  in  silence,  and I could
see that she was exploring my body with her eyes.   After being so
horny all afternoon,  I was  close to  popping when we started.  I
closed my eyes and shuddered--coming in a wash of wet ecstasy.

	I opened my eyes and  she  was  watching me intently,  and
licking  her  lips.  I knew she was almost  ready too.   I started
rubbing myself again with my left hand as I licked my juice off my
right.  Kristen brought her legs up as she tensed for the release,
and bit her lip,  letting out a little squeak.     She was tightly
clutching her right breast  with  her  left hand, and my lust took
over at the sight of her pleasure.    I leaned forward and grabbed
her other tit with my wet right hand, squeezing and feeling.

	We were very close at that moment,  and looking  into each
other's eyes.   I knew that I was going to come again and hoped we
came together.  Suddenly,  she gasped and squenched her eyes shut.
I bucked my hips wildly, trying to reach my peak.  I boiled at the
core, and we came as one.

	We stayed  like  that  panting together for a few moments,
then I let go of her breast and gently rubbed my own.  

	"Taste yourself,  lick your finger,"   I suggested to her.
She slowly sucking the come off of her fingers--savoring the taste
of sex.

	"Oh,  that was SO incredible,"  she said finally,  with  a
look of utter peace  on her face.    Her hand strayed to her pussy
again, and she fingered herself languidly for a moment, then suck-
ed off some more juice.
 
	"It was fantastic,"   I said,  "but I  know ways it can be
even better."

	"Oh Amanda,  how  could  it  get  any  better?"  she said,
"you've got to show me!"

	"Are you sure?    I don't want to start something and then
have you turn chicken on me," I said, looking at her seriously.

	"Oh,  if is anything at all like what I just did,  I'll do
that and more, please show," she said with a serious look.
																		  
	It was all the invitation I needed.   I held my hair back,
leaned over her, and kissed her.    Both of our lips were wet, and
clung together like the lovers that we  would  soon be.    She re-
sponded with  enthusiasm  kissing me back,  giving herself totally
over to pleasure,  and her lips  parted.   The warm wetness of her
mouth was mine, and mine hers.  Our tongues met and danced in slow
circles.

	She arched her body into mine, and we fell into a writhing
tangle of arms and legs.   Her breasts were pressed to mine, and I
could feel those hard round nipples brushing my own.   I was fully
on top of her now, with my right leg between hers so that my thigh
rubbed her pussy.   Likewise, her right thigh rubbed my pussy, and
the strong curve of her calf crossed over my own. The total effect
of hot sensation sent shivers through me.

	I moved from the  kiss  to licking her face and neck, then
back to another wet kiss.   Kristen ran her hands down my back and
grabbed my firm ass,  while my own  searching  hands felt down her
sides to her hips.   My hand continued  down  her  thigh,  and she
brought her leg up so that her calf rested on my ass.  After a few
more minutes of kissing and making out like this,  my tongue found
it's way down her neck and to her chest is slow circles.  I licked
the soft white sideswell and undercurve of her right breast,  then
put my mouth over one of those luscious nipples and sucked gently.
She moaned softly as I moved my tongue in slow circles, and ran my
left hand to her wet pussy.     I lightly probed her pussy with my
middle finger, and moved my mouth to the other breast.

	She began slowly bucking her hips in ecstasy,  and I moved
quickly.   I licked down to her navel, and worked around so that I
was between her legs with legs  over  my  shoulders.     Her heels
pressed into the small of my back. I licked her inner thighs, then
the lips of her pussy.   Her juice was fantastic, and I plunged my
tongue deep into her, and made slow circles around her clit.

	The sensation was more than she could take, and she peaked
instantly, washing my lips and chin with come. I lapped it up, and
after  a short rest and some reassuring talk that what we were do-
ing way okay, she did all of the same things to me.

	We fell asleep in each other's arms,  and woke around mid-
night as horny as ever before.  I went and got the magazine of the
two girls making love, and we tried Sixty-nine. It was too good to
be true, as we could get each other off at the same time.  I loved
the  way  my  nipples  brushed  her  belly as I lay on top of her.
Neither of us had ever had so much ecstasy and fun, and we kept it
up until we were too tired to move again.

	Sometime around  5:00  in the morning,  we made out in the
shower, and we tried fucking each other's tits.   That was fun.  I
got over her chest and spread my pubic lips apart while she rubbed
her erect nipple around my clit.    I came and licked my juice off
her tit.

	When we were clean,  and dry,  and tired beyond belief, we
went to bed and slept until my brother knocked  on  my door around
10:00am.  He said that Kristen's mother had called and  said  that
she had to go home.

	She got ready to leave,  and after  we had a long wet kiss
and some really hard hugs, she said that we'd have to get together
like this more often.  I was elated!  That night I masturbated my-
self to sleep thinking of the things we'd do.
