Barbette's Gone Bad
by Tweston

She won the bet and now he had to eat her in front of them.

Cherry looked up at the large sign over the bar and grinned for the hundredth time. It was so fitting that she almost laughed.

Barbette's Gone Bad

No, I mean she was REALLY bad!

Not for the first time, she felt like the sign was describing her. She was laying on her back on the wet and cold surface of the bar, totally naked, and an older man was licking her pussy. The stimulation of his tongue and his fingers were made slightly more intense when knowing that there was at least a hundred people watching it all happen.

Cherry felt terrified. And it was simply awesome!

Her excitement was building and she knew she was about to cum in front of so many people. She closed her dark brown eyes for a few seconds so she could focus on her feelings. Then she opened them and looked at the sign again.

She loved that sign. It was an epiphany, a revelation -- it seemed like it was a sign from heaven when it first came to her. And it said so much about the place and even about her that it was obvious the sign was more of a statement than a business name. And hanging underneath the sign was an original painting by one of the regular customers here, showing a very buxom woman in a very revealing tee shirt sporting a very teasing grin. Somehow the artist had captured the essence of her thoughts when she decided on that name for her new bar.

It was perfect.

But no one could have predicted what was happening on the bar beneath it.

It began as a typical Saturday night. The bar was full of regular customers, with a few new ones sprinkled here and there. The noise level was higher than normal, but that was to be expected with the game that was on ESPN tonight.

It wasn't just football. Tonight, it was much, much more than football. Tonight, it was East versus West. It was Conservative versus Liberal. It was Southern Charm versus California beauty.

Tonight it was Tennessee versus UCLA! And it was the championship game! The game of the year!

The energy in the place was absolutely sizzling. And the excitement only increased when she made one of her infamous bets. When she lost the bet, the winner stood her on the bar and made her strip. Now he was licking her from asshole to clit, and she was loving it.

Tonight was the best in the nine years she had owned the bar. And she paused for a moment while he was licking her pussy to think back.

* * * * *

Cherry's mother told her something a long time ago that she never forgot. It was just before her first date, and she was sixteen and very excited. Most of her friends had already had sex by this time, and all of them were making out regularly with their boyfriends, but she had never even been on a date. So her Mom told her what she believed was the most important part of dating. Her words -- the most important part of dating!

"Sex brings them here, but it is the hope of sex that brings them back again and again."

Yes, her Mom believed in repeat business, and that is what Cherry had built her business on. Okay, she corrected herself, I didn't exactly build this business. Agreed. But I played a role in making it what it is today, and it is my pride and joy.

You see, Cherry owned a bar.

Cherry's bar is on the south side of Chicago, on the edge between the nice part of town and someplace you probably don't want to be. But it was hers.

True, she won it in a bet. If you can believe it. She was a regular customer and the owner liked her. A lot! He was an older man and he loved the fact that she flashed a lot of cleavage at him. Well, maybe not a LOT of cleavage. Other women flashed a lot more cleavage, with some of them going so far that they would probably have been arrested if a cop showed up at the wrong time. No, Cherry didn't show a lot of cleavage. But she did show cleavage a lot of times. In fact, every time she showed up at the bar, she was wearing a "boob shirt" just for Jessee. And that is what she always told him. "Just for your eyes only, no one else gets these babies."

Of course, even he didn't get those babies. Ever. But he clearly wanted to. So she would flash him cleavage every time she showed up, and that was most Friday nights and most Saturday nights and some Saturday afternoons during football season. In addition, she was there every Sunday. You see, Cherry LOVED football. She knew every pro team and almost every college team. She could quote stats as well as any guy in the room and usually better. She was addicted to football, and she loved the addiction. Besides, her TV at home was an old nineteen inch Motorola she had inherited from her mother when the woman died almost ten years ago. Yep, they were out celebrating Cherry's twentieth birthday on that fateful night. Her Mom said she wasn't feeling good and went to the bathroom, and she never came back. Screams and ambulances and flashing lights, and suddenly her mother was gone. Apparently, when a stroke combines with a heart attack, the experience can be fatal. Who knew, right?

So Cherry lost her Mom, but she kept the apartment, a closet full of clothes that didn't fit, and a car that usually worked.

Cherry and her mother didn't always get along, but she knew her Mom loved her daughter and was always doing her best for the girl. Her Dad had left them before she was born. She always thought about it as leaving "us" because she was only a month from being a handful and dear old Dad didn't want that handful. That's how her Mom always told it: "You were going to be a handful and he didn't want his hands full."

So Cherry and her Mom faced the world alone. But she was never sure why they were alone. Seriously, her Mom was smoking hot with a beautiful face and a slim sexy body. She really looked hot! But she seldom dated and never brought a man home. Cherry tried hard to not get in the way of her mother's social life but her Mom always dismissed that discussion with a short wave of her hand.

"Honey, you are more fun and more interesting and more rewarding than any man. A bad fuck is simply not worth the problems that come with it. I got lucky when I got you, but I don't want to press my luck." Okay, Mom wasn't exactly an optimist.

But she was a good woman. She had a good heart and she worked hard at being a good mother. She never admitted it, but Cherry was convinced that her Mom bought the teenager the outfits she secretly wanted for herself. Yet she only bought plain and nearly unattractive clothes "fit for an older woman" for herself to wear. And she bought her daughter a new Dodge Challenger for her sixteenth birthday when she only had an old and barely functional Chevy. She would always say that Cherry would put them to better use than she could. But the truth was simple -- she wanted Cherry to have better opportunities than she did.

So Cherry grew up on the south side of Chicago. Well, not quite, more like on the edge. Sort of between Bridgeport and McKinley Park. Bridgeport can be kind of tough at times, but she grew up with good neighbors and they always looked out for each other. She lived in the same five-story apartment building all her life and she was okay with that. Seriously, you get used to something and you need a good reason to make a change. Cherry had always hoped for a good reason, but he never showed up. So home was clearly home for her.

But by the time she graduated from high school, Cherry had developed a second home. She had became involved in sports in school, and found that she could only go so far in volleyball because of her skills. Apparently, a girl needed skills PLUS height or she never went anywhere in volleyball. And at five feet six inches, she could bump or set the ball better than anyone else, but she was short, so she was limited and then she was gone. But not before she had became a sports fanatic. And football got most of her attention.

So, naturally, she found herself hanging around with the guys. Her enjoyment of sports got their attention, and their enjoyment of her boobs kept them around. No sex because she had her Momma's wise words echoing in her mind. But she let them play around. Mostly because it got her free drinks and free food, but also because she really liked it. Seriously, sometimes you just want to have strong hands squeezing your boobs and twisting your nipples, right? Besides, Billy's Bar was no gourmet restaurant, but it served a lot of snacks and some really good finger food. And it was amazing how filling two large baskets of chili cheese fries could be.

So some guy would get to grab and grope and Cherry would eat and drink for the evening. Seemed like a good deal to her. Too bad the guys didn't like to see her with someone else the next Saturday. Seriously, buy her the better Scotch or, absent that, more beers, and she was yours for the rest of the game. What's the problem with that? But apparently the guys had a struggle with it.

But Jessee always stepped in. He protected her and kept her safe. In a very real sense, he was her knight in shining armor. When two guys would get into it over who she was supposed to be with, Jessee would step in with his Louisville Slugger signed by the entire Cubs baseball team, and the guys would immediately calm down no matter what the argument was.

By the time Cherry was a legal adult and Jessee didn't have to sell the drinks to a guy and ignore it when the guy slid the glass over to her, by that time Jessee was giving the drinks directly to her and usually didn't ask for money. He never put the moves on her, which was sort of a disgusting idea anyway since he was almost sixty to her twenty-something, but it was still kind of nice. Jessee was the father she never knew. And she was, apparently, the daughter he never had.

One night, there were more customers than usual, and the demands for service as Jessee tried hard to keep up with the orders were getting louder and more caustic. One very impatient customer was getting particularly abusive, so, in total frustration, Cherry stretched over the bar and poured two Bid Lights for the really rude jerk. She almost slammed them down on the bar next to her and held out her hand for the money. The guy got even more rude by obviously looking down the front of her blouse for about three long seconds and grinned at her, reaching down to playfully stroke her leg.

Cherry was wearing what she always wore to the bar. Very tight and very short cutoffs, with a tight tee shirt covering maybe half of her C-Cup boobs. She loved feeling her tits bounce and jiggle when she walked, and she loved even more the stares she got as the guys watched them bounce and jiggle. Cherry was slim and trim and more than pretty. But her boobs were her best feature, and she enjoyed how everyone else enjoyed those features. And right now a very rude customer was looking down her top at the large amount of sexy cleavage showing, and enjoying those boobs more than he should have.

"So, what do I get if I give you the money?" The noise around them got quiet as people listened for the answer, and Jessee slowly reach under the bar for his Slugger. Cherry looked up at the rude guest, a sweet smile on her face, and answered him.

"You get to keep a dry shirt. Because it is about to have two beers dripping off it if you don't pay up." And she continued smiling sweetly at him. He stared at her for a few seconds and then mumbled something that rhymed with rich, slamming a twenty on the counter in front of her. Then he stomped off to the corner of the room with his two beers to join a woman with huge tits who dressed like a real slut. Cherry looked down at the twenty, and then slid it across the bar to where Jessee was standing. He shook his head, refusing the money, and grinned at her.

"Keep it. A down payment on you coming to this side of the bar and doing that for the rest of the evening." He looked at her with a smile, a combination of challenge and question on his face. She looked at him for about two seconds and then grinned back at him, and handed out beers for the rest of the evening.

Cherry dodged hands all evening, although some hands she didn't even try to dodge, and the tips just kept rolling in. Beers were ordered, boobs were grabbed, butt cheeks were squeezed, and Jessee had the most profitable evening on record. When he closed up that night and the two of them were counting the tips to split, he offered her a job. That night they entered into an unofficial partner relationship. Nothing in writing, but they discussed everything, planned everything, and ran the business as if they were partners.

And now it is hers.

Well, actually, things were a little more complicated than that. By this time, the small amount of life insurance on her Mom was exhausted and Cherry needed a real job. And working at Jessee's place was paying a lot more than she could make as a simple secretary. So, Billy's Bar became her second home, with Cherry spending about the same amount of time there as she did at her apartment.

Then, one night more than a year later, Jessee dropped a bomb on her. He had decided to retire and was going to sell the bar. He was getting old and had hinted at retiring once or twice over the past few months, but that was totally different from making the announcement. She was stunned. But after discussing it for a few minutes, it became obvious that he had thought it through and made his decision. So they planned Jessee's final "last call."

They advertised the Last Call for a couple of months, with some posters that Cherry had created on her computer taped all over the walls and the front windows. Plus, the posters implied a surprise that would make attendance worth it. She and Jessee hadn't really discussed any surprise so they just left it as a mystery. And for the last couple of weeks, customers were making all sorts of suggestions for the surprise. As a joke. she started writing the suggestions on a large poster and nailed it to the wall next to the bar. As the list got larger, and Cherry put up a second and then a third poster, they realized that this surprise thing was taking on a life of its own. They also realized it was good there were never any children in the bar, because most of the suggestions involved her removing articles of clothing she was wearing and giving them away. She finally asked Jessee about it the last night before Last Call. He chuckled for a few seconds, just grinning at her.

"What?" Her face showed the confusion that was in her mind. Jessee laughed out loud for at least a minute, while she just sat there looking perplexed.

"Honey, you have been flaunting it and teasing everyone with it for the last year. It just makes sense that the people will want to see it before we finally close down and it is beyond any possibility." And he chuckled some more, and Cherry was still looking confused, so he decided to be more direct.

"Cherry, you are a beautiful woman with a beautiful body. You wear tight clothes that show off that body. And you often let people play with that body." He paused to grin at her embarrassment. She had thought that she had always been careful to not let him see when she allowed someone grab or caress her body, but apparently she was not careful enough. Jessee winked at her and continued.

"Listen, if you said yes, I had no reason to stop it." And he continued to chuckle.

"But with the tease comes the natural and predictable results -- they want to see what you have been teasing them with. And when you give open-ended hints about something that will make attendance worth it, they naturally hope and maybe even expect it will be your body." More chuckles, and then he continued.

"Most of them don't believe you would do it, but they all certainly hope you will." And this comment jolted Cherry.

"What do you mean, they don't think I would do it? I am no coward!" Jessee laughed for several seconds. Finally, he sobered a little and spoke seriously.

"Cherry, it is not a matter of being a coward, or even of being brave. What they want you to do must be a result of what YOU WANT to do. If it is not your choice, then it becomes a matter of being a coward, of not having the courage to resist what others want you to do. You have been teasing customers for years because you wanted to tease them. And it must be your decision if you want to take this to the next level." Jessee sat back on his bar stool as if he had uttered great wisdom or something, and she thought about it for a minute.

Could she do it? Could she take some of her clothes off just to give them one last thrill? And if it is to be one last thrill, should she take all of her clothes off? And what would they think of her if she did take off her clothes? Cherry had to stop the rush of questions running through her mind, each dragging powerful feelings along with it, so she looked over at Jessee for some indication of what she should do. She saw him grinning widely at her.

"You won't. So you better think of something else that will satisfy them, or you may be facing a mutiny. But don't worry -- me and Slugger will be here." She looked closely at him and decided he was challenging her.

"I might." She tried to sound confident but the uncertainty in her eyes was too obvious to both of them to be ignored. He laughed, but it was a kind laugh.

"Bet?" Jessee's challenge seemed to trip something in Cherry and she sat up.

"What is the bet?" He looked at her for several seconds before he answered.

"I will eat you until you cum, right here on the bar." Cherry's jaw literally dropped at his words. In the years they had worked together, he had never suggested anything sexual, and then he comes up with this. But her shock passed more quickly than she expected, and she picked up on something.

"That's not a bet, it is an offer." She grinned back at him. "What do you expect if you win?" As she thought about her question, she felt an anxious thrill pass through her. He didn't even hesitate.

"The same, but in reverse. Right here on the bar."

Well, there it was. If she won the bet, she had to take off her clothes in front of the customers, he would eat her to orgasm if front of them. And if she lost, she had to take off her clothes in front of everyone, she would have to give him head in front of them. Both her heart rate and breathing was affected as she thought about the bet. And the anxiety she felt was matched by the excitement that the idea brought.

For a second, she felt like throwing up. Then, as she thought about it, she realized her nausea was a reaction to the most intense excitement she had ever felt. She felt her pussy almost gush warm fluids. And it shocked her to realize that the thought of Jessee eating her to orgasm in front of a hundred strangers turned her on more than anything else in her short life. Cherry was no virgin. Not for several years. And she had even flashed a few customers when circumstances seemed to call for it. And one night she had removed her tee shirt and served drinks topless for an entire quarter of the game because of a bet she had lost. But this would be a whole new level of excitement, and she wasn't sure what she thought of it.

She realized she had been holding her breath and she started to breathe again. Jessee saw this and realized the idea of doing it excited her, and he grinned even wider at her excitement. Without thinking, she glanced down and saw a huge bulge behind his zipper. Suddenly, her mouth was watering and she was about to cum. She gasped, but didn't know what to say or do.

"Shit. Jessee, this is not what I expected for your retirement party." She looked at him in honest surprise and saw him return her gaze with pure lust.

"And this is what I could have only hoped for my retirement party."

The two of them sat there, silently looking at each other, the father-figure and the daughter-figure staring at each other in lust.

And then the moment was over. They dropped their eyes to the floor and then looked all over the bar -- every place but at each other. And then Cherry felt a rush of compassion come over her. She grinned at him, a sheepish expression in her eyes.

"So, I get the feeling that this is not the first time you have thought about this." Her voice dwindled off with no real period at the end of the statement. Jessee said nothing for several seconds, and then spoke, strong feelings in his voice.

"I have stretched you across this bar and eaten you to orgasm hundreds of times over the years." His eyes showed the truth of his simple words, and his face held an expression that Cherry could not describe, yet she instinctively understood it. She was taken by surprise at the honesty and the strength of his lust, and she didn't know what to do about it. Finally, she climbed off her bar stool and walked around for a few seconds while Jessee didn't move. Then she realized that she had walked in a small circle and she was now standing next to him. She hesitated, looking directly into his eyes. Then she slowly leaned forward and kissed him, very gently touching his lips with hers. Pulling back, she gazed deeply into his eyes and then a wide smile slowly took over her face.

"Well, I guess that tomorrow night we find out who eats whom to orgasm." She hesitated for another second, and then left the bar without another word. The walk to her apartment was only two blocks, and she could feel her pussy oozing juices for the entire two block walk to her apartment. Stretched on her bed before falling asleep that night, she enjoyed her thoughts about the bet through two awesome orgasms.

The next night, she walked through the door an hour earlier than usual. She told Jessee that it was because of the extra crowd they expected for his last night, but both of them knew it was really because she was too excited to stay home any longer. She had paced around her apartment for more than an hour and then took a second shower because she couldn't think of anything else to do to stall. Finally, she just gave up and walked the two blocks to the bar.

As she entered the bar, she saw Jessee look up from a case of beer and give her a huge grin. She walked behind the bar to get her apron and to check the coolers for available room and the older man leaned close to her ear.

"Listen, you don't have to do this if you don't want." He tried hard to keep the disappointment from his face but wasn't entirely successful.

"Jessee, a bet is a bet." She grinned at him and looked down at his crotch, and she saw a huge bulge behind his zipper. For just a second, she regretted the bet, and then she looked at his erection again. It was huge and she felt herself getting wet at the thought of that thing in her mouth. She felt herself getting really wet.

"Besides, we promised them a surprise for your Last Call." He grinned back at her and turned away for a second to put away the bottles in his hands. When he turned back she was certain the bulge was even bigger, and he made no effort to hide his erection from her. He smiled gently as he spoke.

"But we haven't told anyone what the surprise was going to be." She looked him square in the eyes for several seconds, and then her words held the resolve showing in her eyes.

"But you told me, and I will be really pissed at you if you backed out of the bet. Besides, you are going to lose big time!" They were silent for almost a second and then both of them burst out laughing. Jessee shook his head as he continued laughing.

"No matter who wins, I win." And they both laughed again.

It was Monday and the Monday Night Football game was going to be Jessee's last game as owner of the bar. Cherry couldn't see how closing the bar after more than thirty years could be a win, but she didn't argue with him. Besides, she kind of felt the same way. Being eaten to a crashing orgasm if her Tennessee Titans won the game would certainly be winning the greatest bet in her life, but getting to suck off that huge snake in his pants if his Tampa Bay Buccaneers won couldn't be seen as a loss.

It was the most exciting bet of her life, and she was so turned on by it that she could barely think straight. She knew she was going to have to count her change twice or she knew she would lose a lot of money tonight. And she grinned at herself as she thought about it all, while the two of them stocked up for what they hoped would be the biggest crowd that Billy's Bar had ever seen.

And they were not disappointed. The normal crowd for Monday Night Football at what was nothing more than a small neighborhood bar was about fifty customers. But by kickoff time, there was already more than a hundred in the room. The kickoff was welcomed with both cheers and regrets as the customers voiced their sorrow at the end of what most of them saw as a neighborhood tradition.

The entire first half was a mixture of regrets and excitement, with the customers offering both congratulations on Jessee's retirement as well as suggestions on what should be done with the place after he was gone. So far, Jessee had told no one who was buying the place, or even if it had been sold yet. Cherry had asked several times and he only smiled, but never told her anything about the next phase of the bar. Clearly, it was worth a lot of money, since its location was excellent. But it was worth even more because the neighborhood had stood behind this neighborhood bar so solidly.

Almost every business within blocks had been sold over the years, and some had been sold several times. But Billy's Bar was a landmark for the neighborhood, and its reputation brought people from miles around to enjoy the friendly and safe atmosphere. No matter the politics of Chicago and no matter the violence in the surrounding areas, Billy's Bar had always been a refuge that people enjoyed because it was safe, friendly, and fun. And now people were disappointed to see it go.

"Don't know where I will go, Jessee. Nothing like this place for miles around." This mournful comment was heard dozens of times during the first half of the game, and many people, even Jessee, got a little misty-eyed as it was spoken. But still, the man said nothing about the next chapter in the history of Billy's Bar.

During half time, the topic of conversation turned to the promised surprise after the game. No tears were shed over this because the customers kept offering their own suggestions about the surprise. The most common request, of course, was a strip show by Cherry, and each time it was suggested, there were many cheers and loud applause. But Jessee just looked at Cherry and grinned. When they refused to even hint at the entertainment, assuming it was entertainment, the room was always filled with groans and boos. The second most common guess was free beer.

"If you close the place, you can't sell the alcohol, so you may as well give it away. Beer, whiskey, wine, give it all away." This suggestion always received a lot of noise as people cheered and applauded. But still no answer from the owner.

And the suggestions got louder and more raunchy as the game moved into the last quarter. As luck would have it, the game was tied and the excitement increased. Several bets were made as to what they could expect when the game ended and Cherry just laughed at them all. It almost appeared that there was more excitement over the entertainment after the game than for the game itself.

In the final minute of the game, the Bucs scored a touchdown but missed the point after, so they were ahead by only six points. Cherry felt herself get so wet she was concerned the white shorts she was wearing might be showing a wet spot, but a quick trip to the restroom revealed that nothing was visible. Her black lacy panties were soaked, but her shorts kept it secret. A screaming roar in the bar brought her rushing out to see what happened. Her Titans had taken the kickoff and run for a touchdown. Now it was a tie score with only ten seconds to play. And Tennessee lined up to kick the extra point with the entire bar silent.

Cherry found herself holding her breath, knowing that her life would change in the next few seconds. She looked over at Jessee and she saw the most gentle and loving smile she had ever seen on his face. She returned his smile, and felt much stronger for it. And then the Titans center hiked the ball.

It felt like the air was sucked out of the bar as every customer there inhaled. And then the kicker sent the ball though the uprights and the Titans won the game by a single point.

Half the bar erupted in excitement while half the bar groaned in disappointment. Cherry almost laughed at the polar opposite responses. She reached for a glass and poured herself a double Crown Royal and downed it in one gulp. Standing next to her, Jessee laughed out loud. Then he put an arm around her shoulder and leaned in closely.

"Last chance." This time it was Cherry who laughed.

"You mean, YOUR last chance. You lost." And the two of them shared a deep and loving smile as their eyes locked for several seconds.

"So, what it our surprise?" The question interrupted the quiet moment they shared, and Jessee had to laugh. And suddenly, the only sound in the bar came from the four televisions in the room. And then even the TV's went silent as people turned them off or down. All eyes were on the owner and his employee.

Jessee looked around and was amazed that the bar was filled to over-crowding. If the Fire Marshal walked in, the bar would be cited for unsafe crowding. He looked around the room with tears in his eyes.

"My friends, you have been promised a surprise that would make your presence here worthwhile. And I guarantee that you will be happy. But first, will someone lock the door and turn around the open sign? As of this moment, the bar is now closed. Everyone settle your tab. You have ten minutes."

Cherry ran around the room collecting money and giving change and ringing up credit cards. In the requested time, the room went silent again and all eyes were on Jessee. And his eyes were wet, tears streaming down his cheeks. Several seconds of uncomfortable silence resulted in quite a number of eyes shedding tears, with Cherry's eyes being the wettest.

"My friends, and most of you have been my friends for many years, you have made this the happiest retirement party I could have asked for. I bought this bar so long ago that I don't remember not being here. And you have made it a wonderful run. I am not sure what I will do each day at noon, because I have unlocked that front door each day at noon for longer than many of you have been alive. So I..." He stopped speaking for a few seconds to get control of himself. And then he smiled and went on.

"Many of you have asked what will happen to Billy's Bar when I am gone." A number of comments interrupted him and he paused again.

"Well, as of tonight, Billy's Bar no longer exists. I have sold the business and I have no idea what the new owner will do with it. The only thing I know is that it will not be Billy's Bar any longer. For all I know, it will become a discount shoe store." Lots of negative comments were shouted and Jessee just waited for silence.

"So, would you like to ask the new owner what she will do with this dump?" For a few seconds there was silence, and then a babble of confusion erupted. Cherry looked at Jessee, confusion on her face as well. Jessee held up his hands for silence and the noise gradually died down. Jessee reached under the bar and withdrew a large manila envelope. He pulled out of that envelope an official-looking document of several pages and held it high over his head.

"This is the official Bill Of Sale for the place. My attorney had it delivered this morning. As of midnight tonight, that would be just over thirty minutes from now, this place and all its assets belong to my friend and partner, Cheryl Monrow." Jesee turned to Cherry and handed the documents over to her. She stood there, confused, and took the documents as if she was a robot. Her mouth was open but nothing was coming out. Jessee chuckled at her surprise.

"It's okay, Cherry. You can say something. It's all official. The place is yours." The entire room of almost a hundred fifty people stood there silently.

"But I can't... But Jessee, what are you doing? I can't take your bar from you." Jessee laughed again, a warm and gentle laugh.

"Honey, you aren't TAKING anything. You are BUYING it, and it is going to cost you plenty." His voice sounded almost harsh but his eyes were twinkling in humor.

"The cost to you is one-half of your tips for tonight, which should be a shit-load of money if these people were as generous as they should have been, considering the entertainment still to come. Oh, plus free drinks any time I show up, assuming I ever show up here again." Cherry was shaking her head as if she was refusing the deal, but no words were coming out of her mouth. So Jessee turned to the crowd.

"It seems that my deal has taken her by surprise. So, what about it, people? Do you want Cherry to be the next owner?" The words barely came out of his mouth before the room erupted into chaos. Clearly, everyone there felt Cherry should accept the offer and become the next bar owner. But her face still showed total surprise, maybe even astonishment. Jessee was still chuckling, and he took her in his arms, a huge fatherly hug being his typical response for so many things over the years. And Cherry finally got over her shock.

"Jessee, you can't do this. I could never afford to buy this off you. It is worth far too much for me to afford on a waitress income."

"Too late. The deal is already made. You owe me half of your tips from tonight plus free drinks for the rest of my life." His laugh was drowned out by the noise level in the room as everyone voiced their congratulations to the new owner. Cherry looked down at the documents in her hands and tried to say something, but Jessee interrupted.

"Cherry, you have been a daughter to me for the last few years, and I could never do anything with this place unless it went to my family. So it is yours. I know this is a surprise, but please accept this as a father giving his life's work to his daughter."

The two of them hugged tightly, tears streaming down the cheeks of both of them. Cheers and applause filled the room for at least a minute. And then Jessee pulled away and turned to everyone there, an entirely different smile on his face. The room took several seconds and then was silent again.

"Now, for the entertainment that has been promised to you all. I know we have not told anyone what that will be, but..." He paused and looked at Cherry for a second. She wiped the tears from her eyes and then smiled bravely.

"But Cherry and I made a bet. It was a bet that no father should ever make with his daughter, so I guess it is good that the two of us aren't related. First, is the door locked?" Someone confirmed that it was, and Jessee continued.

"Well, the entertainment is the result of a bet between Cherry and me, and it is more than many of you have requested. So, I need to give you fair warning. If any of you are offended by nudity, you need to leave now." And the room exploded into screams and cheers as most of them, the men at least, expressed excitement over the long-anticipated strip show. Jessee waited for at least a minute but no one left.

"Okay, let me explain. Many of you have suggested and even requested that the after-game entertainment be some version of Cherry taking off her clothes." The noise level was absolutely insane as the men and many women cheered.

"Well, that is not going to happen." Jeers and boos filled the room. Jessee held up his hands for quiet but this time it took a full minute.

"Cherry's team won, and the bet was NOT for her to strip if she won." Someone shouted out that Jessee better not strip and most of the people there laughed but then quickly fell silent.

"No, the bet was that if Cherry won, I would eat her to orgasm right here on the bar while everyone watched." The noise level exploded at his words. It seemed apparent that the idea of Jessee eating her to orgasm was even better in the eyes of almost everyone there. Jessee looked at Cherry and smiled gently.

"I guess, we are locked in. I don't think either of us would make it out alive if we tried to run for it." Cherry laughed at his words as she looked out over the crowd. She took a second to gulp, and it was so obvious that several of the nearest people laughed at her action. Jessee smiled encouragement and then slid the short step-stool over to her so she could climb onto the bar. Holding her hand, he helped her up and then she stood there for a few seconds looking down at him. Several people cleared glasses and mugs from the bar to make room for what was next. Cherry looked down at Jessee and called him up with her.

"I am going to need you up here for this." He looked at her with a question in his eyes but she used her forefinger to give the universal signal of "Come Here." So Jessee climbed up onto to the bar and stood next to her. No one made a sound, so her next words could be heard by everyone there.

"Strip me."

Jessee's eyes went wide as dozens of people shouted encouragement. And Cherry watched as the older man's eyes began to burn with lust. He dropped to his knees and untied the laces of her sneakers, removing first one and then the other. He dropped them onto the floor behind the bar. Then he stood in front of her and slowly reached for the bottom hem of her tee shirt. Slowly, he lifted until her breasts were freed. He paused there for a few seconds to let them bounce and sway, and so the audience could shout and scream. And then he pulled her shirt up and over her head, finally dropping it behind the bar on her shoes. Cherry turned to face the crowd, her arms up and her boobs on full display for everyone. And the crowd continued the unbelievable noise level they achieved a few seconds earlier. Jessee just stood there, totally mesmerized by the tits he had fantasized about so often. In spite of all the noise, Cherry heard him speak quietly.

"You are so beautiful!" His exclamation was so clearly honest that she almost cried, but her nervousness allowed her to avoid the tears. They exchanged smiles and then Jessee stepped forward again.

He unbuckled her belt and pulled it off, dropping it on the floor behind the bar, and then he grinned at her. In very exaggerated moves, he unsnapped her shorts. Then he unzipped her zipper. Then he reached around behind and pulled her shorts down a couple of inches, revealing the waistband of her lacy black panties. He grabbed her hips and turned her ass toward the room so everyone could see. The noise level went back up and Jessee went back to work.

He pulled the front of her shorts open and then slid her shorts halfway down her ass, showing even more of her beautiful panties. As before, he rotated her so everyone could see his progress. Then he pulled her shorts down to her ankles and helped her step out of them. Now Cherry stood on the bar in only her tiny panties. They weren't quite a thong, but they were definitely tiny with very little lace covering her lady bits. Still on his knees, Jessee pressed his face into her panties and inhaled deeply. The crowd went wild again, and Jessee felt himself get so hard that his dick almost hurt.

Jessee looked up into Cherry's eyes, seeking permission to continue. He could see that she was nervous, but he was proud of the look of courage and determination in her dark brown eyes. They shared a smile for only a second, and then Jessee slipped his thumbs into the elastic band of her panties. Slowly, inch by inch, he slid them over her ass and down her legs. He was thrilled to see that she was trimmed into a large triangle, but within that triangle she had let her hair grow.

Cherry had agonized over the idea of shaving, but finally decided that she would only trim into a triangle. She never shaved, and she had decided to let the world see herself as she preferred. She had no regular boyfriend who requested she shave, and she actually liked her hair, enjoying how it felt when she ran her fingers through the curls as they searched for her lips. She glanced quickly at Jessee.



"I decided if they don't like it, they can look away." Her quiet words were meant for Jessee, and he realized that she wasn't concerned at all about the crowd. So he grinned widely to reassure her.

"But I absolutely love it! This is going to be even better than I had hoped." And he pressed his face into her fur, nuzzling her muff with his nose and lips. And the crowd went wild again. As Jessee pulled back, he could see her juices trickling down her inner thighs and he knew how much this was turning her on. He wasn't sure if it was the crowd, or if it was the two of them finally getting together after all these years, but she was clearly turned on the expected experience. And then he stood in front of Cherry.

"It sounds like you are a hit." She smiled, attempting to hide a small amount of embarrassment. Jessee held out his hand to help her down onto the bar. She slowly lowered herself, maintaining eye contact. She lay flat for a second, and then pulled up her knees. Another second, and she slowly spread her knees wide. Looking directly into his eyes, she extended her forefinger again, calling him down with her. And he lowered himself to kneel between her legs. He saw her lips, almost hidden by the beautiful bush, showing a very wet pink slit between the puffy lips that were already swollen with desire. He smiled to himself and looked up at her.

"For my eyes only." And the two of them shared their private joke, which had been spoken between them so many times before.

The room had gone silent, watching the drama between the performing couple, so it was obvious to everyone when Jessee leaned forward and moaned his pleasure.

Jessee didn't try anything fancy, not worrying at all about technique. As wet as she was, he knew he could make her cum quickly. But he wanted to enjoy this and make it last. He hoped that was what she wanted, but he knew that was what he wanted. So he took his time, alternating between licking her lips and licking her clit. But each time he would move his tongue to her clit, he would miss the juices that just seemed to pour out of her pussy. He couldn't lick quickly enough to get everything, and when he pushed his tongue inside, it would release a flood onto the bar. Too soon, he could feel her tense up and knew she was close. He looked up at her face and saw her eyes closed and her mouth open as she made an amazing variety of sounds. Jessee loved hearing the noises she made, and he loved licking up the juices she offered. But mostly, he loved that he was bringing her so much pleasure. And since he knew she was close, he tried something.

He thrust two fingers inside and curled them just a little. And he jammed them in and out as rapidly as he could.

Cherry screamed out and ejaculated all over him. She soaked his face and his chest and his arm, as she squirted two streams and dribbled a lot more. A large puddle collected on the bar below her ass, plus more where her two squirts splashed all over him and the bar under him.

And the crowd went absolutely wild. The people had grown quiet as they sensed she was getting near her orgasm. But when she finally squirted, the noise level went impossibly high. Screams and cheers and shouts were so loud that it was all noise. And the noise lasted for almost a minute.

During that minute, Cherry shook and shuddered and made very loud noises that were incredibly satisfying to him and, he hoped, to her. After all these years of loving her and lusting after her, he wanted this experience of hers to be something she would remember the rest of her life. And on a whim, he crawled up to lay next to her and held her. She snuggled into him and he felt several more aftershocks as she rested in his arms. And as they lay there holding each other, she traced her fingers over his wet shirt.

"Jessee, that was simply incredible. That was the most awesome orgasm of my life. I have never squirted before. This was my first time squirting." She paused and propped herself up on one elbow so she could look into his eyes.

"Oh, Jessee, that was unbelievable. I am so glad I squirted for my first time with you. And I am sure that I will never squirt for anyone else." He was amazed to see her crying, the tears leaking out between the eyelashes that were pressed tightly together as if she wanted to keep from crying in front of the crowd. And then she looked at him with such longing in her eyes that he choked up and couldn't speak for a moment.

And then the crowd made its presence known. A number of them called out an appreciation for the show, but for the most part they kept their distance from the couple that was almost clinging to each other on the bar. A few customers left as if the show was now over, but at least a hundred seemed uncertain what to do, so they just hung around. After a few minutes, Jessee started to sit up, but Cherry stopped him.

"Nope. No, you don't. I am not finished with you yet." And she attacked his belt buckle with determination. As she pulled his belt off, he tried to stop her.

"Cherry, this part of the bet was only if you lost. You won, so you don't have to do this." She stopped working on the snap to his jeans and looked at him.

"You just gave me the most intense orgasm of my life. If you know anything about women, you know that the more intense their orgasm, the more they want more. Now, are you going to shut up, or do I have to ask for help from the audience?" She kissed him to keep him from answering and she unzipped his pants.

Totally ignoring the audience, she reached into his pants to wrestle with the huge cock she wanted so badly. Finding it too big and too hard to get out through his zipper, she used both hands and pushed his pants down a few inches. This allowed his dick to rear its head and she almost gasped. Jessee's cock was the largest and thickest she had ever seen, and she redoubled her efforts to free it from its denim prison. Another few seconds and she was holding it in both hands, with another four or five inches extending beyond her hands.

"Oh, Jessee, why have you been hiding this from me?" Her words sounded like a rebuke but there was nothing but lust on her face. She stroked it a few times and then lowered her head. Licking it up and down like a Popsicle, she took quite some seconds to worship it properly. She worked the wide head and the first few inches of his dick into her mouth but couldn't handle any more than that. Moving her head up and down, she enjoyed his moans for several minutes. She added some stroking with her hands to the bobbing motion of her head and heard his moans get louder. And then she got on her knees, her legs spread wider than his and looked down at his huge cock, desire in her eyes. And suddenly, the lovers realized they still had an audience.

She looked deeply into his eyes and paused for several seconds, and then finally gulped in cartoon fashion.

"I want you inside me. I have never done anything like this in public, and I am not really sure if we should do this right now, but I really want this monster cock inside my pussy. Will you make love to me, right here in front of everyone?" She paused, her warm and loving gaze asking his permission along with her words, and Jessee slowly nodded. He looked around at the huge crowd in the room, and then his attention was captured by Cherry's actions.

She firmly grabbed his dick, holding it straight up, and then she lowered her pussy onto his pole. At first, he just felt her curly hairs tickling the head of his dick as she stroked her wet lips with it. And then the most wonderful warmth surrounded his cock as she lowered herself further. Warm, wet, tight, she worked several inches of his pole into her pussy. And he had never felt such wonderful sensations engulf his cock. He groaned loudly, filling the silence that had settled over the bar. He felt her pull up several inches to give her tight pussy the chance to stretch and then relax, and then she lowered herself back down on him. It took several attempts, but finally he felt his cock bump firmly into her cervix. He looked down and saw an additional two inches still outside her puffy lips, and grinned at her.

"I think that is about all she can take. Your aren't disappointed, are you?" Cherry seemed concerned and Jessee had to resist laughing at her frown.

"Sweet lady, this is the greatest experience of my life. It is simply not possible for me to be disappointed." She looked deeply into his eyes for several seconds, and then lowered her face to his. They kissed for several seconds, a warm and loving kiss that morphed into a deep and passionate kiss. Their lips caressed and their tongues danced and their hearts bonded in a way they had never yet experienced. Without releasing his lips, she slowly raised herself from his groin. He moaned, expressing disappointment almost as if he feared that she was getting off. And then he screamed in surprise and pleasure as she dropped full force on his cock, driving it as deeply into her cunt as possible. She moaned in sheer pleasure, adding her sounds to his. And the crowd seemed to moan with her as if sharing her pleasure. Lifting herself up and almost off him, she paused with just the thick head inside her tunnel. And then she dropped herself on him again.

After pausing another few seconds, she settled into a gentle sequence of pulling almost off him and then lowering herself down onto him. They made love like this for several minutes, almost unaware of their audience. They gazed lovingly into each other's eyes and kissed every few strokes. And the two of them made love for quite some minutes.

Finally, she sensed he was nearing his release and she felt her own orgasm approaching. So, she sped up the pattern, but it wasn't enough for him. Without any warning, Jessee grabbed her ass and rotated, getting on top of her. He had almost rolled them off the bar so he adjusted their position to be a little more secure. Then he kissed her. Pulling back, he smiled into her eyes.

"Ready?" His question was answered by the quick grin on her face. And he shoved into her. Hard. And again and again. Jessee became a jackhammer as he rammed his hard cock into her pussy. As he pushed them closer and closer, he was firmly bumping into the end of her tunnel. He didn't want to hurt her so he adjusted slightly to stop banging against her cervix. But she made up for it by raising her hips to meet his thrusts, forcing him deeper and harder. They fucked hard and fast for another minute like this, and then they shouted in mutual release.

He shot stream after stream of hot jizz deep into her pussy, and she screamed as she felt him ejaculating. This drove her into a harder orgasm and her vaginal muscles squeezed and massaged his cock. She screamed as she arched her back, but he kept driving his cock deep into her, filling her with so much cum that it almost splashed out of her pussy and onto the bar. And still he banged away. For a full minute he drove into her, and then her muscles relaxed a little so they weren't grabbing him so tightly.

Jessee slowed his thrusts until he was gently stroking her with his softening cock. And then he relaxed, holding himself up on his elbows to keep from crushing her. But she wrapped her arms around him so tightly that he allowed himself to rest his weight on her. And she still clung to him, his cock only somewhat firm as it oozed the last few drops of cum into her waiting pussy.

Finally, they lay still with her still clinging to him. After several seconds like this, he pulled back just enough to look at her face and he was surprised to see tears streaming from her tightly shut eyes. Still joined at the hips, he moaned quietly, and then gently kissed her.

And suddenly, more than a hundred people inside the bar moaned with them. Cherry's eyes opened wide and she smiled up at him.

"I can't believe what we just did." And her smile morphed into a grin. And it was so awesome." He started to say something but she interrupted before he could make a sound.

"Thank you, Jessee, for the experience of a lifetime. I will never forget this, and I am certain I could never top this." And she gently and lovingly kissed him.

* * * * *

Cherry smiled to herself as she remembered that night. The first time she and Jessee made love, and it was the first public experience for both of them. And her thoughts returned from the past just to realize that she was living the past all over again. Would this time be even better?

And she looked around at the bar full of customers, as the lucky customer licked her pussy from ass to clit. And Cherry groaned her pleasure as the the crowd roared its approval.
