"An angel? You sure?" Bobby asked, frowning at Castiel uncertainly when he heard the update from their latest hunt.

"Yes, there was an angel there. I felt a celestial presence had been there recently. Someone powerful. Not quite an archangel but someone close to being one," Castiel told him. "The angel was old, very old, older than me."

"But you don't know who?" Bobby asked again, eyes narrowed at the angel standing before him.

"No. It was no angel I recognized, so I'm guessing it must be someone in another garrison maybe, or another outcast, perhaps," he said, voice dipping lower at the last part of his sentence.

Bobby looked away in discomfort, sympathy clear in his gaze although his usual gruffness covered that up when he spoke.

"Okay. Let's say it was an angel. What would make an angel kill a human?" the hunter asked, as Sam passed a beer to Dean, one to Bobby, one to Castiel.

I thought angels were supposed to be protectors, guardians of humans," Sam pointed out, voice lifeless, as though he didn't quite believe his own words.

"With the exception of Lucifer, I can't think of any other angel who'd do something like that," Bobby said, reaching his fingers beneath his ball cap to scratch his head.

Castiel shook his head, backing up Bobby's statement, when Sam and Dean looked askance at him, mouth too busy wrapped around the neck of his beer bottle as he took a fizzing mouthful of fresh cold liquid. Dean's gaze lingered on the angel's mouth, swallowed convulsively once, twice when Castiel wiped his shining lips with the back of his hand, blue eyes trained on Dean's face in turn.

Sam ignored the tension between the lovers, all too used to the atmosphere sometimes between them to even notice any more, but Bobby remained oblivious, too busy rifling through books in hopes of finding some information about murderous angels of years gone by. Dean had specifically asked both his brother and his angel to remain silent about his and Castiel's relationship, to leave it to Dean to tell the older hunter when he felt it necessary to tell him. Looking at Bobby now, head bent over his beloved, dusty books, Dean found it hard to imagine even beginning to form the necessary words to him.

Castiel distracted him, by settling companionably next to him on the couch, hands briefly touching, fingers caressing, knees pressed tight despite the expanse of couch beneath them. Dean smiled at him, settled into Castiel's comfortable warmth, continued sipping his beer silently, and if Bobby noticed their unusual closeness, he certainly didn't remark upon it. The elder hunter soon had them all leafing through books, stacks of documents on angel lore, but by the end of the night, no one had found a thing to work on ....

********************************************************************

Later that night, Castiel and Dean were finally alone, Sam having long excused himself to sleep somewhere more private in Bobby's house, eyes twinkling as he spared the lovers an amused glance over his shoulder as he left. Dean caught the glance, mouthed a - "thank you!" - before silently wondering if Bobby would be so understanding as his brother was. He didn't know, and thought that was an enigma to be unravelled another day, another time. This time was for Castiel.

As soon as the door closed quietly behind Sam, Castiel's lips were pressed tight against Dean's, hands pawing at the hunter's body beneath his flimsy t shirt urgently, tongue licking at Dean's firm lips until they parted for him. Dean's arms held Castiel closer to his own body, felt the angel settle into him closer still, heavy weight a comfort against his skin.

Dean cupped Castiel's ass beneath his pants, arms covered with the weight of the angel's ever present trenchcoat, legs entwined and heavy against one another. He felt the unmistakable bulge of Castiel's erection press insistently against his own, a firm reminder of the angel's need in that one moment. Dean felt Castiel move, attach his lips to Dean's exposed neck, before the angel started to suckle a bruise into Dean's skin.

Dean's hands flexed in time with Castiel's seeking mouth, gentle teeth nipping at salt sweat skin as Dean huffed a contented sigh against Castiel's shoulder. It seemed a long time since they'd truly been alone, yet when Dean thought about it, it had only been a couple of days. He moaned when he felt Castiel bite harder against his neck, teeth almost breaking the skin and drawing blood, firm tongue lapping out in kitten strokes to soothe the flesh tenderly.

Dean moaned again, whispering groans that wouldn't bother any one flittering through the darkened room and making Castiel respond in kind against Dean's neck. Dean shifted beneath Castiel, attempted to get into a better position, something that was more comfortable for them both. The angel's body seemed to meld into Dean's effortlessly, became more responsive, tense, eager to please and Dean whimpered beneath him, pleaded for something more than what Castiel was doing.

Castiel drew away, lips swollen and red in the dim lighting, eyes huge, blinking, eyelids heavy with lust as Castiel tilted his head at Dean curiously. The hunter grabbed Castiel's hand, eased it between their tight packed bodies, before he started rubbing their entwined fingers over his erection, making encouraging noises as he chased Castiel's mouth for another kiss. The angel kissed him, fingers moving independently of Dean's now, applying more pleasure, making Dean's hips rise and fall beneath his questing hand.

Dean's harsh breath cut through the air loudly, caught in his throat when Castiel squeezed his dick gently, rubbing faster at his erection until Dean came, released into his boxers with his cries muffled against the angel's shoulder, eyes shut tightly against the pleasure coursing through his veins.

Castiel drew away, murmured something incoherent when Dean pitched him gently onto his back, to straddle him and trap him beneath his own body. Castiel's deep chuckle rumbled through the night, eyes resting heavily on Dean as the hunter pulled his t shirt up and over his head, lithe body catching the light in sweaty shining spots. Castiel's slender fingers stroked in tickling patterns across Dean's exposed abdomen, over his sides, pinching at Dean's nipples until they were erect and hard beneath his touch.

Dean lifted his hips from Castiel's, struggled from the tight confines of his jeans, finally kicking them away to shore up against the couch nearby. His boxers were draped on top of them, soon followed by Castiel's coat and suit jacket. Dean fumbled the angel's tie from his neck excitedly, popped a few buttons free from his shirt as he tried to hastily unbutton Castiel, finally removing his lover's pants and boxers eagerly.
Castiel's erection sprang free, curled up towards his abdomen proudly, as he watched Dean slide his lube from his bag nearby, ass bare, upturned and catching the light. Castiel's hands were lifted when Dean straddled him once more, slender fingers settling against Dean's naked hips and raising aroused goosebumps on his lover's flesh.

The angel watched as Dean spread lube over his fingers liberally, before he stroked his own hole gently, eyes closed and lips parted in gasping, dragging breaths as he eased a slick finger inside himself. Castiel's dick twitched with interest and his breath caught in his throat, eyes half closed as Dean worked himself loose in preparation for Castiel's entrance. Finally, the hunter had finished, eased his fingers from his body gently, using the lube to stroke slick coldness over the angel's straining cock eagerly.

Castiel settled beneath him, hips moving frantically against Dean, as the angel sought more friction from the circle of Dean's fingers. Pleasured moans fell from aroused lips, muffled slightly when Dean's fingers pressed against his ripe mouth gently, so as not to disturb the others in the house. Castiel nodded slowly in understanding, remained as quiet as he could when Dean pulled his hand away from Castiel's plump lips, gazes locked as the hunter settled his hips over his lover's, pressed down until he was taking Castiel's cock inside his hole.

A look of discomfort, pain passed over Dean's face and they waited until the burn of intrusion passed, left Dean bare in its wake, free to press downwards onto Castiel's cock. The angel thrust into Dean eagerly until he was fully sheathed inside him; the hunter unable to take any more of Castiel's erection. As one they started to move, bare skin slapping firmly against bare skin as they writhed, Castiel's hands holding Dean steady and firm as they thrust.

Dean threw his head back, filled with pleasure and rapture at the feel of Castiel moving inside him, filling him up and thrusting into him firm, hard, fast. The hunter wrapped his fingers around his cock, started touching himself roughly, wrist pulling at his dick in firm strokes, breathy pleas of need purling in his throat, his chest as they rutted and fucked against each other.

Castiel watched Dean as he pleasured himself above him, watched his lover unravel, skin flushed, reddened and sweaty as he climaxed, thick spurts of Dean's come covering Castiel's abdomen in sticky strands. Dean struggled to keep the scream of Castiel's name to a bare minimum, chest heaving with the effort to remain as silent as possible, hips still rocking against Castiel's urgently.

Dean felt Castiel's body stiffen beneath him, felt the shift and tension that preceded the angel's climax, before he came, filled Dean with his hot, sticky release, head thrashing from side to side as he came, Dean's name passing from his lips in a pleasured, low moan.

Castiel was barely aware of Dean lifting himself from his already softening member, before settling close against his sated, sweating body, reaching out to grab Castiel's trenchcoat from the pile of clothes nearby. The angel smiled wearily at Dean as the hunter covered their bodies with the coat, before watching the hunter drift slowly into much needed sleep ...

-tbc-