Hi all ! My name is Maharajan. Im from Chennai, Tamil Nadu. Im a frequent viewer of this beautiful HumanDigest site. I like this site very much because, these things are the ones which are not shared by all. Im here narrating my experience which happened couple of years ago.

Two years before I was studying Engineering near Chennai. I used to go to college in my college bus. At this period my aunt came to visit Chennai for dealing with some government work to be done, since she is a teacher in School. Her name is Chithra. She has got big huge boobs and giant back. These two are her invaluable asset. I like to see her beauty when she is working from my teen age.

During this instance, it happened to stay in our hours for more than a week, since the Chennai collector was away for some reason and she has some attestation to be filled by him. So unwantedly stayed in our house. I thought Im going to enjoy those days by looking at her body and other things.

But something more happened than what I expected. Three days I was enjoying seeing her boobs and butts. All these days I noticed one thing, she took sleeping pills in the night to sleep. This glowed a bulb in my mind.

That day, she was wearing nighty that had zip upto the chest. She was not getting sleep in the night as she slept in the day itself. So she and me were chatting with other members of the family till midnight. Then one by one moved to sleep to their rooms. She asked my bed for sleeping since that might induce her sleep.

I was sleeping down. I understood that she wasn't getting sleep. Again she took one more pill. After an hour or two I waked as I wanted to urinate. I went to bathroom and when I came out I was able to see others in deep sleep. Suddenly it struck me to enjoy the shape of my aunty. I went to my room where she was in bed.

I switched on the diminished light. She was also in deep sleep. I touched her legs. No reaction at all. I took some more courage and pinched her. Again, no response. I was sure that the sleeping pill started working. I slowly laid on the bed and moved the zip down to her chest. Then slowly opened her nighty and brought the two big boobs out. That was the first time Im seeing boobs in reality. Slowly I squeezed them.

Again no reaction from her. I gently moved my hands over the boobs rubbed it. The I started licking it. My rod was erect and in full stretch. I touched her boobs with my rod. That was a different experience. Then slowly moved to her legs. Lifted the nighty and moved to her thighs. I was like smooth pillars.

Moved to her triangle. There lot of hairs was there. I licked the pussy. Suddenly she started to moan and turned other side. But didn't wake. I switched of the light and pretended to be sleeping. Then I waited for 30 mins. Again started to play with her boobs for some time. Then by 3 am I went to bed.

The next day, I talked to her as if nothing happened. She also talked me frankly that indicated that she didn't feel anything. And she also added that last night she had good sleep. After that incident I didn't have any other experience.








