                           Stories on the Beach
                              Rachel Taylor

To begin, my husband Brian and I are both in our early 40s and
have been married for 20 years with two great kids. Im a mild
exhibitionist when my inhibitions are sufficiently lowered or my
horniness is sufficiently roused which matches well with my
husbands (or any mans) voyeuristic tendencies. Normally our sex
life is constrained by children and community but on occasion we
can get away and loosen up. Near the end of our family vacation
together we sent our kids to the big city to visit their cousins
and that gave us some much-anticipated liberty.

Brian discovered the postings in the Female Show Offs (FSO) forum
and suspected (very correctly) that I would be keenly interested
in real anecdotes from similarly inclined women. Unknown to me he
collected quite an archive and printed off a copy to present me
at the right time.

Having teased each other without relief in the days prior to our
kids departure, we were hot for each other. Our first day alone
was spent around the house with lots of time in bed and several
episodes of lovemaking. Day 2 was forecast as hot and sunny and
we planned a trip to the beach. Brians preference would have
been a nude beach but I need lots of persuasion before Ill go,
so we compromised and went to a regular beach instead. This beach
is about 900 meters long and the crowd tends to gather in the
center near the life guard post and canteen facilities. As we had
no life guard concerns of our own, we agreed to head to the far
end of the beach where we might be able to discreetly torment
each other throughout the day. I further agreed not to change
into my swimsuit immediately but instead kept my sun dress on.
This is a dress that appeals greatly to me when in a showoff
mood. It buttons all the way from hem to neckline (or perhaps I
could more accurately say it unbuttons all the way from neckline
to hem). It displays a nice amount of cleavage (of which I seem
to obtain more with each passing year) and is fairly short and
flared at the hem.

I wear no bra with this dress and was persuaded to part with my
panties as well during the drive to the beach. I drove on the
trip down and removed my panties at the first stop on the way out
of town. During the drive to the beach (about 75 minutes) Brian
pulled his suit down to his ankles and played with his cock and
occasionally fingered my pussy. He made up and told me an
extemporaneous fantasy during the trip that got me very hot and
wet (he had me imagine myself back in my college days posing with
a girlfriend for the photography club and getting very carried
away in our session -- but lets leave that aside for a moment).
Despite all this teasing he did not let me come. When he withdrew
I began to play with myself but he told me to wait.  I was
extremely aroused by the time we strolled onto the beach.

The skies were quite hazy to begin with and the ocean here is
generally cool so it was not a hardship for me to leave my
swimsuit in our tote bag. Some of you can no doubt recall the
exciting feeling of wearing a thin dress with no panties in a
public place when the sea breeze is blowing all about and
occasionally catching the hem of your dress. I loved how the cool
air felt between my legs and across my thinly covered nipples. We
walked far down the beach and finally found a spot that was
relatively private. No one was to our immediate left and there
was only one other couple about 50 meters to our right. We lay
out a pair of blankets at the far edge of the beach away from the
surf and Brian then positioned our tote bag, cooler and towels to
partially block the view of the other couple. I lay down next to
this barrier and Brian lay down by me which partially obscured my
body from other folk who would undoubtedly stroll along the
length of the beach from time to time.

I lay on my tummy and slipped my arms out of the straps of my
dress. This further exposed my breasts but to no-ones direct
view other than Brians. The back of the dress covered my bare
ass if in a somewhat less than fully modest way. It was at this
point Brian handed me the FSO printouts and suggested I might
enjoy browsing through them. Did I ever! - It was an undeniable
turn-on to read real erotic stories from other womens
perspectives and especially so when the events described so
touched my personal fantasies. As I leafed through the pages,
lingering on some of the better postings, Brian continued to
tease my body. He would stare at my breasts and tell me how
turned on he was getting or he would reach down my neckline and
fondle my nipples with the tips of his fingers. He eventually
undid enough buttons that each breast was barely contained but
people walking along the shoreline would be unable to determine
this. We kept stealing glances along each direction of the beach
and often when no one was in the immediate vicinity he would rub
my ass through the thin material of the dress and sometimes run
his hands under the hemline to touch my flesh directly.

It was the perfect scenario for a long drawn out tease. Someone
would walk down the length of the beach and he would stop
touching me and simply pretend to be stretched out on the
blanket. When the strollers went by, his hand would again slip
under my hemline, often raising my dress far enough to expose my
milky-white cheeks. I of course, could tease right back by either
massaging his hard cock through the material of his swimsuit or
by reading aloud some of the more scorching postings. One of his
turn-ons is to hear erotica written in the female voice read by a
sexy female and who was I to deny a man who was making my pussy
ooze all over our blanket.

As the teasing progressed he exposed my ass more frequently and
eventually let his fingers explore me more intimately. He would
run the tips of his fingers across my asshole and down into my
very wet cunt to delve for a while before retreating. While I
felt somewhat reassured that nothing explicit took place when
anyone was too close, I still experienced the thrill of knowing
my ass might be visible and that someone in just the right place
might see his hand buried between my legs. Of course the longer
this went on, the more relaxed my attitude became about who might
be too close. You can imagine how these intense sensations might
cloud a poor womans judgment. We say men think with their cocks
but I can assure you my clit sometimes makes decisions for me.

I knew I could take little more of this before exploding in
orgasm but Brian ratcheted things up a notch by asking me to roll
over. I set my reading aside and lay on my back and saw the haze
start to dissipate and felt the sun warm my body.

I closed my eyes and gave in to the tingling I could feel
throughout my body. . .

I closed my eyes and left my husband free to undo further buttons
at each end of my dress.  . .

I closed my eyes and allowed him to turn down my neckline and
fully expose both breasts.  . .

I closed my eyes and felt his hands alternate in massaging my
breasts or sliding up my thighs to touch my cunt.

I closed my eyes and finally forsook the responsibility to watch
for others on the beach.

With this responsibility gone it became easy to imagine that men
were looking at me. Knowing how intensely my husband enjoys
displaying me added force to the notion that I was perhaps now
being finger fucked in full view. Acutely tuned to my sense of
things, Brian began a furious rhythm with his fingers on my clit.
I came with a rare intensity and let the waves of climax course
from my toes and through my body with a fiery focus within my
pulsating cunt. My entire body spasmed as I hit each new peak of
pleasure. The world vanished for a moment until finally I
remembered to breathe and slowly slowly I drifted back to
reality. I was an immensely satisfied woman.

There was more teasing and more sex through the rest of day. Ill
spare you the details of changing into my suit near a group of
twenty somethings or how later in the afternoon my husband
removed his suit and lay under a thin towel while I gave him back
his own medicine. Theres no need to relate how I teased him as
he drove home or the lovemaking that followed or how I was
persuaded to visit the nude beach a day later. Trust me -- the
climax of this story occurred with that first orgasm.

May the sunshine on you on your next trip to the beach.
