Rugged looking but usually smiling, Charlie (Buck) Buxton resigned his position as CEO of Denver-based Robinson Kitchen Appliances, LLC as agreed in the takeover by Universal Kitchen Appliances Corporation.
The predatory corporation had its own person to install as CEO and that resulted in the 34-year old leaving at the end of that month with just under $3 million placed in his bank account. The usual termination payments were boosted hugely by a golden handshake funded by the multi-million takeover deal he'd negotiated on behalf of the Robinson family.
Buck was weary of hours and hours of meeting with attorneys and hard-faced Universal Kitchen executives. The job as CEO of the company struggling to grow its business had already cost him his marriage two years earlier, Lyn ending up with both kids and half of his accrued wealth. She'd since remarried and now lived in England.
Buck's parents had recently moved to a gated retirement community in Florida but their home remained unsold. Buck had fond memories of living in that house and so purchased it. He'd decided to move back to Brixton Junction and wind down, spending time fishing and hiking, two pursuits of his youth that had long been forfeited to marriage and corporate life in the fast lane.
His company car, a Porsche, had gone back to the leasing company and Buck had bought a black Ford Explorer that wouldn't stand out like a blowfly on a cream cake as a Porsche would in a backwater city called Brixton Junction.
Brixton had originally been a construction camp for crews continuing to build a railroad to the west and a branch at that point to the north into lumber and mining territories. When the construction folk moved out a village established itself and those first permanent settlers adopted the railway name of Brixton Junction, so-named after the original crew boss and chief surveyor who were former English guys from a place named Brixton.

Face creased in a big smile, Buck headed up the valley and was delighted that regenerated woods had formed on the hillsides after the clearances of 120 years back and then again thirty years ago.
Rain threatened and mist strung itself along the hilltops.
Buck scratched his nuts contentedly and sighed at the thought of being back in territory he'd not really forgotten after all. He had his window down and could almost smell the atmosphere of inevitability of life destined to be going nowhere, or at least nowhere fast, so much unlike the corporate rat race.
"God thanks for making me do the sensible thing by coming back here to refresh and get my life back," he grinned, wondering why he was speaking to God when he was practically an agnostic.
Yeah he was practically a number of things like many people who chase money and success only to find, on reflection, they have become a little divorced from reality through riding on high hopes and competing under the pressure to try to gain traction to achieve their ambitions.
Buck sniffed with the freedom of a guy who has no one telling him he shouldn't sniff and he placed a hand softly over his dick as if seeking it's recall who was likely to be in town who he could line up to have dinner with and perhaps seduce once again.
Carole Saunders? Nope alas, she'd been burnt to cinders in a small aircraft crash when the pilot had both engines cut out and was circling to pancake on to a freeway but unfortunately lost height too quickly and the aircraft ploughed into a fuel storage tank with explosive results.
Wendy Higgins? Nope alas, the last he'd heard she was in the Congo as a missionary.
Caroline Majors? Nope alas. She married and had gone somewhere and the last his mom had heard had mothered five kids. Holy fuck. She'd be no longer interested in sex.
Gloria West? He'd heard nothing about her. She'd been a great fuck.
Angel Hernandez? He'd heard nothing about her. Oooh with her small mouth she was awesome at fellatio.
Eva Fruehauf? She'd been over-weight but oh boy could she move her ass and grind. He'd heard she'd been in and out of prison and that wasn't the in-out he had in mind.
Jenni Wright? Oh dear. Despite four series attempts, like so many before him apparently, he'd failed to score and what a good little darling her mom would have thought Jenni had been. That's if Jenni had discussed the threats on her virginity with her mom, a pastor's wife.
Buck sighed, concluding this introspective was doing him no good. In all probability the playthings he'd had at his fingertips when he was waiting to go to college or even during his college years were either dead, had left town or were in a family situation that had them corralled, safely away from the nefarious overtures from old flames like Buck Buxton. Buck had been a huge threat and widely known for his wickedly wayward fingers around eighteen and nineteen year olds who hadn't yet accepted their role in life was to be promiscuous, well perhaps until marriage.
So back in Brixton Junction Buck knew he'd have fishing and hiking to keep himself occupied but what about his dick? That needed nourishment before it mistakenly thought it had been put out to pasture in retirement. He grinned and attempted to bolster his hopes that women prepared to drop their panties would pop up; they always did. Well had done so till now. God his PA had cried her eyes out and begged him to take her with him but gallantly he'd said no. Well she was married.
Perhaps turning her down would rear over him as one of the biggest mistakes of his life? Buck sighed and picked his nose and flicked something out the window. He didn't believe sexual opportunities could turn off completely just because a guy changed his environment. Sex was bigger than environment, wasn't it?
He said yeah but it hadn't sounded all that convincing.
Buck stopped off at Shoprite Supermarket and bumped into Patty French, one of his mom's friends. Actually she ran her supermarket trolley into his and scowled before her eyes opened wide and she said, "Buck, Sally Buxton's boy?"
A largely boring ten minutes of prattle followed for Buck but as it turned out, it would prove helpful.

Bottled blonde Amelia West raced to the door when she heard her daughter's car arrive. As soon as Gloria stepped out of the blue Ford Focus she was seized and kissed enthusiastically.
"God mom, what's up? Have you come into money?"
"No, no. Your Aunt Patty called. She was in the supermarket not two hours ago and bumped into Buck Buxton. He's arrived back here to live. He's the mystery buyer of his parent's home."
"Oh how exciting for you mother."
"You mean for you. You need a new husband."
"Bullshit. I've told you I'll never again marry. Marriage is a cesspit of arguments, excessive sex, worry over a shortage of money and being ordered what to do including how to behave and having your husband having more sex away from home than at home with his wife."
"Oh I told you a thousand times you just struck a bad guy to marry."
"Yeah well most of my old girlfriends don't appear overly ecstatic about diapers and bills and late-arriving husbands."
"Oh that moaning is because they've nothing better to talk about. Darling the even bigger news is Buck's wife divorced him two years ago and now lives in England with their two kids and has remarried."
"So? Why are you excited? I remember coming home when Buck fucking Buxton stole my virginity in Casper Park and you were all set to go after him with dad's shotgun but you couldn't find the key to the gun cabinet."
"Oh that? That was fifteen years ago and these days girls pester guys to take their virginity."
Gloria grinned and adjusted her bra over her not insignificant breasts and flicked up the back of both sides of her chestnut hair. "Mom you are certainly prepared to act like a modern mother when it suits you. Mostly you are the hottest critic of promiscuity around. You may have forgiven Buck fucking Buxton for taking my virginity but I haven't. It was so rushed and he made no magic moment of it because he'd just remembered he was supposed to be doing the newspaper round for his friend Tony Caselotti."
Gloria shared an apartment in the city center and occasionally came home at weekends to stay with her parents who appeared to enjoy her company. She always found her mom to be good value but at times, like this thing over Buck fucking Buxton, her mom went a little too much over the top for Gloria's liking.
"Now what to do about Buck?"
"Mom if you don't shut up about him I'll shove your favorite vibrator up your butt and out of reach."
"God Gloria, you have become so disgusting. It's obvious you need a man. You know you shouldn't speak to your mother like that."
Gloria sighed and apologized. She decided not to tell her mom that Grant, her friend Stephanie's boyfriend, was currently treating her to adequate sex in a threesome with Steph. She worried she was beginning to prefer Steph to Grant in their encounters. If she were becoming sexually realigned then perhaps her mom was right and she did need her own man for sex.
Peeling potatoes while her mom was out in the garden cutting spinach, Gloria tried to recall that occasion in the woods in Casper Park. She was about to celebrate her thirty-second birthday and so that would have been fourteen years ago but already her memory about it was hazy, although she was sure it hadn't hurt. But she couldn't remember details of the size of Buck's dick and whether he had big balls and where he'd squirted when he'd pulled out. Perhaps she could call Buck and ask could he remember. Well there was no one else she could ask.
She sighed. "You are so pathetic at times Gloria West."
Gloria had reverted to her maiden name.
After dinner that night Gloria and her mom drew up the small list of names Gloria wanted to attend lunch on the last Sunday of the month to celebrate her birthday. After Gloria left to watch TV with her dad Amelia added Buck's name to the list.

Leaving the supermarket, Buck had driven slowly along the main street, the first time he'd traversed it in five years and if anything it looked even a little more motley. There was excessive signage on buildings and too many jarring colors and City Hall looked at least ten years overdue for a steam clean.
He noticed Cecil Lime's Sports & Fishing Oasis was now called Brett Lime's Bait & Tackle. So Brett had taken over and converted it into a complete fishing store. Brett and Buck had been pals at high school but had fallen out when Brett found Buck smooching his sister Katie and had mistakenly thought they were having sex. Brett did have sex with Katie not long after she turned eighteen and she told her brother and than only soured the relations between the two guys. Katie had astonished Brett by inviting him to have anal, the first time and the only time for some years that Brett had met a female who wanted anal. He was aware Katie and husband owned a big motel in Arizona.
Buck parked and walked back to the tackle store.
Brett recognized him instantly and smiled and said to the two assistants he'd take this customer. Brett came around the counter, slapped Buck on the shoulder and said, "Hi buddy. I've often kicked myself for spoiling what could have been a great friendship through our late teens. I apologize, I just idolized my sister and was just too protective of her."
"That's fine. Sisters often expect brothers to take a stand on their behalf. If I hadn't been so pigheaded and refused to apologize it may well have ended your anger. But as you may remember I have this streak..."
"Yeah you were the unbending guy of our class."
"I'm moving back into town. Katie will be safe because I understand she's married and lives in Phoenix."
"Actually it was Tucson but they sold that motel and now are the majority owners of a hotel in Austin, Texas. They have three kids."
"I remember her as a great girl. Well I'm back here for the fishing and hiking. Right now I'd like you to set me up for all-weather fly-fishing, riverbank and wader fishing. I'm starting from scratch and don't have real wet weather gear. I think I should buy what you would choose for yourself."
"Okay buddy but that will cost you."
"That's acknowledged and I won't even blink. I have been working my butt off for years and now I'm having some quiet time but don't give me anything too fancy."
Brett walked with Buck carrying some of the purchases that they loaded into the Explorer.
"And who did you marry Brett?"
"Jessie Winslow. She was a couple of classes ahead of us at high school and in my freshman year at college we were both doing environment studies and she was the senior assigned to three of us to do our nominated specialist study. She knew the theory backwards and sideways but knew sweet all about roughing it in the wilderness. We got caught in an unexpected snowstorm – snow had been expected but it came almost with blizzard-like ferocity. She acknowledged at the inquiry that when we were found and rescued after the storm that if hadn't been for my intimate knowledge of survival techniques we would have perished. She took me home to meet her grateful parents and, well, it snowballed from there. We married and have a 3-year old girl, a little honey called Katie. Jessie who insisted on that name after meeting my sister."

Driving up to his old family home and really glad he'd purchased it because it was a fine old home with great character, Buck's feet had just hit the driveway when Betty and Harold Arnold from next-door came through the side gate. They'd been friends of the family before his birth.
"Oh my Harold. Look at the big fellow little Buck has become. He's all grown up."
"Yeah and that's not surprising since he's in his mid-thirties."
"Trust you to disagree, your old grouch," said his wife."
"Actually early thirties, I'm not yet thirty-three."
"Well I've aired the house and there's clean linen on your parent's old bed and fresh flowers in vases and Harold had a guy in to service the Jacuzzi and apparently that was just as well because the filtration system was in a real mess. But it's going beautifully."
"Well keep coming over and using it whenever you wish. I'd very much like that tradition to continue."
"Oh thanks you darling boy," Betty smiled and stroked Buck's arm. "You're eating with us tonight. Harold help the boy in with all this stuff."
When they had everything inside Harold said, "So you intend to go fishing?"
"Yeah. Are you into it?"
"No longer. Arthritis is into my joints. But I know a cracker of a fisher who'd be an excellent guide for you."
"Good then perhaps you can set that up with him."
"It's a her, my granddaughter Stacey Walsh. She's twenty-three. A bit young for you perhaps but her mom is unhappy she runs with the boys so likes her out fishing."
"Well set it up Harry and if she's interested I'd like you to take me to meet her and her mom."
"Our daughter doesn't fish."
"Well I'm not going out into the wilderness with your granddaughter unless her mom approves of me."
"Christ you are a bit old-fashion. Oh and don't let Betty hear you call me Harry. She'd fly off the handle and say if my mother wanted me to be called Harry she would have named me Harry."
"Oh I apologize."
"There's no need. Actually I prefer Harry and that's what my friends called me until Betty arrived on the scene."
Buck loved that story. He never heard people relate tales like that in the big city.
On the following Saturday morning Buck collected Stacey at her home for the overnight fishing expedition. Mrs Walsh came out to say goodbye and said, "Now you look after Buck well Stacey."
Stacey nodded and Buck cleared his throat and said, "I ask again, you are sure this is okay with you Pamela?"
"It sure is Buck. Now you just have a great time and catch fish."
As they drove off the reasonably attractive blonde with great tits said, "I can't believe you are so fuddy-duddy over this. Most women including mothers are promiscuous these days and my mother certainly didn't expect to ask if it would be okay for me to guide an older man fishing. She knew you when you were a little kid and you were okay then and she expects you are still okay. Are you expecting to fuck me?"
"No of course not," Buck said, regaining control of the vehicle. Stacey was laughing and said he should have seen the look on his face.
They'd caught nothing in the first two hours and then had lunch on a clearing alongside the river.
"Did you bring condoms?"
Buck looked up to the sky and said happily, "Ah at last some cloud cover is beginning to build."
"I asked did you bring condoms?"
"Yes," he gritted.
"Thanks for not lying. Do you want to see my tits?"
"Please yourself."
Stacey pulled off her thick top and then undid her bra and said happily, "Out they tumble."
"Jesus."
"Yeah I like the look of them too," she said. "Want to suck one."
"I'm already eating a meat sandwich."
She laughed and said he was funny.
When they were drinking coffee Stacey said, "Are you comfortable about having sex with me?"
"Yes, absolutely. What will your boyfriend think?"
"He won't know. He's away with some buddies to watch car racing this weekend."
There was a little silence until Stacey said, "Do you mind if I refer to sex as fucking?"
"No, but I thought people up here would have been too conservative to use that term."
"Don't you think people often are not what you expect?"
Buck knew by the sound of that he might not win this one. "You are a very able debater."
"And I think you can help me to fuck better to please my boyfriend and his successors unless he does come up with a proposal of marriage."
Stacey removed her boots and socks.
She stood and said, "It would make me feel less embarrassed if you undressed as well."
"Oh yeah, right. I was waiting to see what your pussy looked like."
Stacey giggled and later gasped when she saw the thickness of his dick.
They embraced and commenced the first of six bouts of sex during the next twenty-eight hours. The also managed to get in some fishing.
As they drove out of the wilderness from their base camp, Stacey said she'd learned so much and thanked her tutor.
"I'm sorry you were too big for my butt but having two fingers up there was so pleasurable."
Buck grinned. "That was a great pleasure. You are such a lovely young woman and such an excellent fisher. I'll toss a couple of these trout at your grandparents."
"Thanks, they'll appreciate that. What if my grandfather asks did we have sex?"
"I'll answer we played around a bit, but only if your gran is not within hearing distance."
"Thanks, that's what I was going to suggest. He knows I'm very sexually active."
"Um your grandfather and you?"
"Yes three times. So do you think any worse of me for telling you that?"
"No, I really don't think so. You are so outgoing I suspect I half-knew the answer."
A week later Stacey's mom came through the side gate and said her parents weren't home. Buck invited her in for coffee and as she sat on the sofa Pamela blatantly drew her skirt up to her hips. She wasn't wearing panties.
Buck didn't bother serving coffee.

Buck rubbed his chin, re-reading the invitation from Amelia and Bryce West to attend a lunch with friends to celebrate Gloria's 32nd birthday.
He decided not to go and then to go and then not to go. The next decision was to defer making a decision about whether to attend.
Next day he was on Main Street talking to one of his mom's friends when he saw Gloria West and her mom walking along on the other side of the street. He took in Gloria's face and her tits and then the long shapely legs under her short white skirt and felt his cock stir. He resumed talking to Mrs Eliot who said council elections were coming up so why didn't he put his name forward to run for a seat on the council.  
She said persuasively, "You are young and have returned to live in this city and so you'll see it has declined and having been in business you know what has to be done to pump life and style back into your old hometown."
"As one councilor I would only be one voice out of seven, or eight when including the mayor."
"Well run against our fat, lazy incumbent mayor."
"This town wouldn't accept a 32-year old to be mayor."
"Says who?"
"I really have no idea."
"Buck dear, now listen to me. I'm not without influence in this town through being a member of some eleven organizations, and I'm president of five of them. Here's my card. When you arrive home please email me a copy of your CV and explain in fifty words what you promise to do to uplift the image of Brixton Junction within the first 100 days of your election."
"Well I've think about what you have proposed Mrs Eliot and if I decide to toss my name into the ring I'll send you my CV."
"Good boy. I saw you eying Gloria West or were you eying her mom?"
Buck grinned and said he and Gloria were in the same class at senior high school.
"Are you aware she's recently divorced and is living back home?"
"No. I am sorry about that."
"You and Gloria would be a fine match."
"Perhaps Mrs Eliot but right now don't you think Gloria would prefer to never again have anything to do with men?"
"Perhaps. On the other hand if she hasn't had sex for sometime then men will be on her mind."
"I like the way you think Mrs Eliot," he grinned.
"You are such a darling young man Buck. Now don't procrastinate sending me that CV."
Driving home Buck thought what had he to lose. Yes he'd accept the invitation to Sunday's lunch.
When emailing his acceptance Buck continued on to action Thelma Eliot's request for his CV and a fifty-word list of promises.