Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Battered Lamp Chapter Thirty-Three: The Vision of Hecate
Summary: The seductive Hawaa attempts to dominated Kyle, will he succumb or will he prove stronger than the Si'lat whore?
Keywords: mFfff MF mc magic D/s anal oral
Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Notes: Thanks to b0b for beta reading this.

Cast of Characters

Main Characters

Kyle Unmei Jr.: Half-Japanese/Half-Kurdish owner of Aaliyah and wielder of Earthbones. Poisoned by Burke as they fought.

Aaliyah Unmei: A Jann sent to marry the prophesied savior of the Djinn. Kyle's First Wife. Reunited with Kyle.

Fatima Unmei : Kyle's younger sister and wife, wielder of Fireheart.

Christy Unmei nee Leonardson: Kyle's long-time girlfriend turned third wife. A witch who follows Ishtar and wields Shadowedge.

Fumi Unmei nee Nakamura: Kyle's fourth wife. A succubus-like Yuki-onna and wielder of Windfeather. She is blind.

Britney Kingston: Kyle's best friend since elementary school. She is a Rakshasa and has sworn to defend Kyle. She is a hermaphrodite and has claimed Phillipa as her mate. Wielder of Waterclaw.

Enemies

Sultan Rashid ibn al-Marid: The despotic ruler of the Djinn and leader of the Marid clan. Wants Aaliyah dead to thwart the prophecy.

Hecate: The Dark Goddess that both Ms. Franklin and Burke served. Sent a familiar to seize Faiza's soul when she died. Hecate has possessed Faiza and approached Rashid for an alliance.

Faiza Unmei: Kyle and Fatima's widowed mother. Killed by Burke. Her soul was stolen by a familiar of Hecate. Resurrected by Hecate as an instrument of the Dark Goddess's vengeance against Kyle. Hecate has possessed Faiza.

Sheikha Hawaa binti al-Si'lat: Ruler of the Si'lat Djinn. Arrived at Khoshilat Maqandeli to meet with Kyle. Conspires with Rashid to enslave Kyle.

Makerah: An Unbound Marid, a Djinn that has violated the Laws of his people and escaped punishment through a dark ritual. A servant of Sultan Rashid and his son. Ordered to hunt down Aaliyah and Zaritha and kill them.

Aljihm: An Unbound Ifrit and servant of Sultan Rashid. Killed by Kyle and Britney during the attack on Khoshilat Maqandeli.

Aalizunah: An Unbound Si'lat and servant of Sultan Rashid. Ordered to hunt down Aaliyah and Zaritha and kill them. Slain by Britney.

Jowdah: An Unbound Ghul and servant of Sultan Rashid. Killed by Zaritha.

Khiana: An Unbound Jann. Once a bitter rival to Sultan Rashid but now a servant of the Sultan. Ordered to hunt down Aaliyah and Zaritha and kill them. Revealed to be Aaliyah's father. Killed by Christy, Fumi, and Fatima during the attack on Khoshilat Maqandeli.

Ms. Franklin: The deceased servant of Burke and leader of the coven. Also known as Celestite.

Principal Burke: The identity assumed by Alphonse of Toulouse, a nine-hundred-year-old knight. A warlock serving Hecate. Killed by Kyle.

Concubines

Chyna Unmei nee Coel: Kyle's first concubine. Ms. Franklin cast a spell on Kyle and Chyna, forcing them into a slave/master relationship.

Shannon Unmei nee Coel: Chyna's hot mom and Kyle's second concubine.

Alexina Unmei nee Kendrick: Blonde concubine.

Carla Unmei nee Tyler: Redhead concubine.

Antoinette Toni Unmei nee Buckley: Cheerleader concubine.

Daniella Ms. Capello Unmei nee Capello: Kyle's English teacher and concubine.

Lois Unmei nee Smilingfox: A lesbian Domme that serves Kyle as a concubine.

Ann Unmei nee Weaver: Fatima's friend and strawberry-blonde hair.

Kayleah Unmei nee Peterson: Fatima's bleached blonde concubine and former rival.

Teleisia Unmei nee Otis: Aaliyah's African American concubine.

Phillipa Kingston nee Stoddard: Former member of Ms. Franklin's coven where she was known as Jade. Captured by Britney, Phillipa submitted to Britney and became her mate, discovering that she is a masochist.

Mindy Unmei nee Stoneking: A nurse at the hospital where Fatima is sick and Kyle's newest concubine.

Sable Unmei nee Purcell: Also known as Tourmaline, she was a member of Ms. Franklin's witch coven. While fighting with Christy, she was hit by a Love Elemental's attack and now completely loves Christy.

Zaritha Unmei: An Ifrit serving the despotic ruler of the Djinn and sent to kill Aaliyah. After saving Aaliyah, she now serves Kyle as a faithful concubine.

Naila & Tarah Unmei: Twin sisters and daughters of Hawaa. These two Si'lat are hermaphrodites and submit to Fumi as her concubines, betraying their mother's plot to enslave Kyle.

Other Characters

Sheikh Umar ibn al-Jann: Aaliyah's father. Believed dead, but really he became the Unbound Jann Khiana. Murder his son and heir to trap Kyle and kill his daughter Aaliyah. Killed by Christy, Fumi, and Fatima during the attack on Khoshilat Maqandeli.

Kalsom binti Abdullah: An old Jann woman that made the Kalsomid Prophecy, setting into motion Aaliyah's sleep in the lamp.

Ishtar: The Goddess of Magic Christy, Sable, and Phillipa now serve.

Sarai: The daughter of Rashid. She is angry at her father and helps Kyle, pledging the Marid's support to his rule if he overthrows Rashid.

Sayid: The Vizier to Sheikh Sihab ibn Jann. Helped Khiana and Aljihm to attack Kyle. No he is the regent for Sihab's son.

Friday, January 29th  Khoshilat Maqandeli, The Hidden Realm

Kyle stepped towards his bed, his mind trying to resist Hawaa binti al-Si'lat's influence. Hawaa lounged on the bed, her lush, mature beauty exposed to Kyle's hungry gaze. Large, dusky breasts rose up, topped by hard, dark nipples. Her hungry eyes fluttered, batting thick, black lashes at Kyle. Her thighs parted and her bush was matted by her excitement.

She was the Sheikha of the Si'lat and Kyle's preparations for dealing with her were failing. His concubines had been enhanced by Christy this afternoon, the bodies producing pheromones to counteract Si'lat magic. His hard cock was wet with Alexina's saliva. But it wasn't enough to ward him from the lust consuming his body for Hawaa.

Come to me, handsome, purred Hawaa. Let me feel your youthful passion. I need you to please my body.

Kyle should be the one in command. She was here to serve him, but he couldn't seem to fight her lust. He had thought Fumi's succubus-like pheromones were intense, but they paled compared to the strength of the most powerful of the Si'lat.

You want to pleasure me, don't you? You want to give your strong body over to me. To submit to the beauty of my flesh.

Kyle wanted to say yes. He fought it, but he reached the bed, stretching out.

That's it. Come to me. Her eyes had the hunger of a predatory cat. 

This is wrong. I'm the one that takes. I'm the one that commands. I do not submit to a woman. They submit to me!

Lie beside me. Hawaa patted the bed and Kyle stretched out, her hands stroking his hard muscles. Umm, you are such a handsome specimen. You are going to give me such pleasure.

N-n-no, he struggled to say. Y-you will...sub-submit...to...me...

She laughed, her hand sliding up to his lips. I think you'll find submission to be far more satisfying than domination. Relax and worship me. I know you want it. You burn to love me.

Kyle clamped his jaw shut, refusing to verbally give in even as his body succumb to her lust, burning beneath the touch of her fingers. 

Your mouth doesn't want to say nice things to me, she pouted. Don't you want to tell me how beautiful I am?

You...are...beautiful, he gasped. Like the sun.

And you want to be burned by my radiance, she laughed. To feel my heat upon your lips.

She shifted, rising up, her heavy breasts swaying as she straddled his face. She was winning, pressing her hot pussy down to his lips, the soft, dark pubic hairs brushing his cheeks. His tongue slid out, tasting her spicy flavor, more fire burning through him, compelling him to worship her. 

That's it! Put your mouth to it's proper work. Worship me! You are mine, Kyle.

Master? Chyna asked, fear in her voice as Kyle licked the Si'lat's pussy.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Aaliyah licked her lips, savoring Durra's pussy. The Si'lat lounged next to her, a big smile on her lips. Aaliyah looked around at the orgy, wondering which of Hawaa's daughters they should select to be Kyle's concubine and cement the Si'lat alliance.

Fumi burst into the room, flanked by Naila and Tarah, the dusky twins, and blinked. Cocks dangled between both twins thighs. They were hermaphrodites like Britney. Where did those dicks come from? They didn't have them when the orgy started. The cocks shrank back into small clits before Aaliyah's astonished eyes. Is this the secret to Si'lat reproduction. Are they all hermaphrodites?

Why do you have cocks? gasped Fatima, pointing at the shrinking dicks.

That doesn't matter right now, Fumi called. Concubines, seize the Si'lats!

The Si'lat daughters of Hawaa all cried out in surprise as the Concubines swarmed them, grabbing them tight. Several tried to turn into whirlwinds to escape, but the enhancements Christy added this afternoon seemed to be workingthe concubines could keep a Djinn from transforming into their elements.

What is going on? Aaliyah asked, rising up.

Naila and Tarah told me their mother's true plan! Fumi declared, holding up her bow Windfeather. She plans on dominating our husband and handing him over to the Marids.

Traitors! cried Durra, squirming in Shannon's arms. But the concubine had a tight grip.

Fireheart flared to life into Fatima's hand. That cunt.

Christy rose up, her body pale and flushed. I wish for all of Kyle's wives to be transported to his side so we may pleasure him.

Aaliyah felt her dead father's commands allow her powers to activate. She could grant wishes that dealt with Kyle's hearth or harem, and bringing him women to provide pleasure definitely met that requirement, even if it was obvious that wasn't their true purpose for going.

Reality warped about them.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I can't give in. Kyle reminded himself as he pleasured Hawaa, struggling to think through the haze of the Si'lat's lust fogging his mind. I can't submit. I have to fight. I have to be strong. I am the Sultan.

Chyna, he called out, pulling his lips from her pussy. Ride my cock.

Yes, Master, she purred.

Hawaa ground her pussy back down on his lips. He licked and sucked her, his mind buried beneath her passion. He couldn't think. He could only worship her. She was the most beautiful, perfect being in all creation. He was her slave. He had to

Chyna's pussy engulfed his cock.

I am not her slave!

The pleasure of his concubine pussy about his cock was like a ray of sunshine breaking through the clouds of Hawaa's lust. A single, brilliant shaft that kept him from fully submitting to the Si'lat. Chyna worked her pussy up and down, shifting her hips from side to side. He groaned into the Si'lat's wonderful pussy, his tongue still compelled to worship her.

Oh, Master, moaned Chyna as she rode him. That's it. Your cock is wonderful.

That's my cock, pouted Hawaa, shifting her hips. Tell her to get off.

I can't.

His tongue slid through her spicy folds, the pleasure burning through him. His cock throbbed in Chyna's pussy. She squeezed his cock as she rose up; his concubine's pussy eager for a taste of his cum. He shuddered, groaning into Hawaa's cunt, his tongue wiggling deep into her pussy.

Kyle came.

Master! moaned Chyna, her pussy writhing about his cock. She came with her master, drinking up Kyle's cum. The pleasure was intense, driving away the Si'lat's cloudy passion. His thoughts were clear for one brief moment.

I need more warding.

Kyle pulled his lips from Hawaa. Chyna, off my cock.

Good, purred Hawaa. Obey me.

Toni, fuck me! he gasped before the Si'lat drove her pussy down on his face to silence him.

No, don't get on his cock, she hissed. Go away, whore.

Toni was quick, the cheerleader nimble, leaping on his waist and slamming her tight, teenage snatch about his cock. She writhed and ground, her pussy tight and juicy. She rode him different than Chyna. Toni didn't go up and down as much, shifting her hips in circles and stirring his cock through her spongy flesh.

You are spoiling all my fun, Kyle, moaned Hawaa. Your concubines need to stop fucking you.

No. I need them.

Toni's pussy was a second ray of sunlight breaking through Hawaa's control on his thoughts. His hands seized his concubine's thighs, sliding up and down, feeling the muscles ripple as she fucked him. Toni gasped and mewled, the bed creaking as she fucked him faster and faster.

I love your cock, Master! I love you! You made me submit! You can make every woman submit.

Quiet, slut! hissed Hawaa. I'm very displeased, Kyle.

She pressed her pussy even harder on Kyle's mouth, grinding and sliding her sex about. Kyle drank her spicy juices, his tongue and lips nipping and sucking at her hard nub. Her delicious pussy stirred his passion, his balls frothing, his lust on overdrive, the Si'lat's pheromones burning through his body.

His cock throbbed. His balls tightened. He shuddered. Every muscle in his body tensed as he sucked hard on her nub. He couldn't believe how wonderful he felt. His body cried out in delight as his cum erupted into Toni's cunt.

Oh, Master! Cum in me!

Stop wasting your seed on your whores! hissed Hawaa. Her fingernails scratched at his stomach, leaving burning pain across his muscular torso. Send them away! I want you all to myself. I don't want you ever fucking another woman's cunt.

Fine, groaned Kyle, his words muffled by her cunt.

You'll obey me.

I'll send the whores away, Kyle gasped into her pussy.

Hawaa lifted her pussy from his face so his words could carry loud. 

But I have no whores. They're my concubines. Alexina, ride my cock. I want to feel your ass around my dick.

Yes, Master.

Hawaa's pussy slammed down as she hissed in rage. He was almost suffocating beneath her spicy fragrance. She growled, reaching out to grasp his cock. Alexina was on the bed, straddling him. Hawaa pushed Kyle's still hard cock down against his stomach so Alexina couldn't fuck him.

Let go of my Master's cock, whore, Alexina hissed.

You little bitch, snarled Hawaa.

Alexnia did something that made Hawaa gasp in pain, the Si'lat's hand releasing his cock. Alexina's gentle hand grasped him, guiding the tip of his shaft to her asshole. Oh, yes, she sighed as she sank her tight bowels about his cock. I love you up my ass, Master.

You'll regret that, hissed Hawaa. Little slut.

Master's slut, she moaned, working her ass up and down Kyle's cock. Oh, Master! Your cock's so thick and hard.

The feel of her ass was driving more and more of the Si'lat's control away. Every time his cock buried into one of his concubine's holes, he gained more armor to protect from Hawaa's pheromones. His concubines girded him for battle with their hot, tight, wonderful holes.

Kyle savored her hot bowels sliding up and down his cock, lubed by Toni and Chyna's pussy cream. Alexina gasped and moaned as she worked up and down his cock. She loved it. She was a cock-loving whore. She was happy when she got to feel his cock buried into her.

Master, Master, Master! she moaned.

Hawaa's fingernails raked his stomach again. I'm am going to make you pay for your defiance, my pet, she promised him. Umm, but first you are going to make me cum with that mouth of yours. Keep licking me.

The pleasure built in his cock and he found his defiance returning. He pulled his tongue from her pussy. He stopped licking the Si'lat. He wasn't going to submit to her any longer. He was the stronger one. He was the Sultan and she was just a Si'lat whore that needed to learn her place.

I'm gonna cum, Master! Alexina gasped. It was so hot watching Chyna and Toni fuck your cock. Umm, I love it!

His fingers slid up her thigh and found Alexina's pussy, stroking her clit. Her bowels tightened on his cock. She slid up and then slammed down. Her body shook, her ass clenching about his cock, and a flood of juices erupted out of her pussy.

Master! I love you! she screamed.

Kyle's cock twitched as Alexina's ass massaged his sensitive tip. Another cum was building. His cock erupted deep into her bowels. Alexina groaned, a powerful spasm wracked her body, and she fell back, her ass slipping off his dick.

Hawaa grabbed his cock, squeezing hard. You have been so bad. It's time for me to punish you. Pain flared. Keep licking my pussy.

No! Kyle moaned, his hands reaching up, finding her stomach. She grabbed his balls; he twitched as she squeezed one, sharp pain shooting through him.

His fingers found her nipples. He pinched hard, tugging forward.

Suck my cock, whore, he commanded, heaving with all his strength, stretching out her nipples as he pulled her down.

Stop that! she hissed in pain, her torso bending as he pulled her down.

Suck my cock, you fucking bitch, Kyle command. Open your whore mouth and clean Alexina's sour ass off my cock like a good, little slut.

No. I'm in She gasped as his fingernail bit into her nipple.

Submit, whore! he growled. You came here to serve your Sultan. Start serving.

She let go of his balls, crying in pain.

Suck master's cock, Chyna hissed. When Master gives you an order, you obey, whore.

Obey, whore! Toni added in commanding tone, her hand slapping down on the Si'lat's ass.

Open her mouth up and force her, Kyle ordered.

With pleasure, Master, purred Alexina.

You tried to dominate our Master and failed, slut, Chyna hissed. He's stronger than you are. Now submit or we will make you.

Another stinging blow landed on Hawaa's ass.

The Sheikha's mouth opened up and engulfed his dirty cock.

Kyle moaned as her tongue swirled about the tip, tasting his concubines ass and pussies. More of her mouths lid down his cock, her warmth divine. The pain retreated from his balls as she sucked and bobbed her head.

That's a good slut, purred Alexina. See how nice that is.

Kyle wrapped his arms around Hawaa's body then rolled her onto her back, thrusting his tongue deep into her mouth, brushing the back of her throat. He had never fucked a woman's mouth while lying atop her, but he savored every moment of making Hawaa submit to him.

Fuck, whore, he grunted, his cock slamming down her tight throat. She squirmed beneath him, moaning as he violated her throat. Take my cock! This is what you get for trying to dominate me!

Punish the slut, Master, Toni moaned, stretching out beside him, her pretty face framed by her auburn hair.

Her lips leaned in and Kyle seized her head, pulling Toni in for a kiss. He fucked Hawaa's throat harder as he kissed Toni, her tongue exploring his mouth, tasting Hawaa's spicy pussy. Chyna or Alexina's mouth sucked at his heavy balls as he fucked the Si'lat's throat, adding another bit of pleasure to the fire coursing through his dick.

Fuck that whore, moaned Alexinait was Chyna sucking on his balls. Cum down her throat.

The excitement at dominating the Si'lat burned through him. She had tried to beat him, but thanks to Christy's magic and his concubine's love, Kyle had bested her and he reveled in his victory. He broke his kiss with Toni, a shudder running through his body.

I'm going to dump my cum down your throat, whore!

He slammed his cock all they way down her throat. She moaned, her throat humming and constricting about his cock. Kyle shuddered, pleasure burning at the sensitive crown of his dick. His balls throbbed in Chyna's hungry lips.

Four thick blasts of cum pumped out of Kyle's mouth right down the whore's throat. She gasped and groaned, squirming beneath him as she was forced to drink his cum. Kyle shuddered with every pulse, her mouth sucking about his dick.

He didn't grow soft. Aaliyah's magic gave him stamina far beyond a normal human and he had to prove his domination over the slut.

He ripped his cock out. On your belly, whore.

The Si'lat leader gasped and coughed, her dark eyes trembling. Fear and excitement warred in those dark pools. Kyle smiled, reading the emotions in her face. Hawaa's never been the weak one in bed before. She's never been helpless and afraid. She isn't prepared for how much being dominated excites her.

She rolled over.

What are you going to do to me? she moaned.

Fuck your ass with my big, thick cock.

She shuddered. No man has ever entered me there.

Good. Kyle spanked her dusky ass hard, leaving a red handprint. Reach behind you and spread your asscheeks apart like a good slut.

No, she moaned. I'm the Sheikha of the Si'lat. I will not let you violate me there.

Kyle smacked her ass. And I'm your Sultan. You will obey me. I can see it in your eyes. You're just a submissive slut. You thought you were powerful, but deep inside you yearned for a man strong enough to make you his slut. Kyle smacked her ass a third time, bringing a wonderful cry from her lips. Now obey your Master, slut!

Her hands trembled as she reached behind her, spreading her dusky, reddening cheeks apart. Her asshole clenched as she panted, her hips writhing. Kyle draped his muscular body over her. His cock probed between her asscheeks, finding her sphincter.

What were you going to do when you dominated me?

Nothing, Hawaa moaned, shaking her hips. I was wrong to try. Please satiate your lust with my asshole.

Not until you tell me your real plan, Kyle hissed, letting his cock nudge her backdoor. What did you hope to accomplish?

I...I...

Tell me, whore!

I was...I can't say...I was wrong!

Kyle seized a fistful of her black hair, yanking her head around to face him over her shoulder. Tell me!

I was going to give you over to Rashid! she cried out, tears running out of her eyes. Forgive me. I will be your most humble servant.

You'll be my whore. My concubine.

Your concubine? she gasped. But I'm a Sheikha.

And my whore. My loyal concubine. Say it. I know your kind. If you are my concubine, you're bound to me. Otherwise I will destroy your people for your treachery today.

I...I'm your concubine, she surrendered with a throaty moan. Fuck my ass, Master! I am so sorry for betraying you. Take your vengeance upon my body.

Kyle thrust his cock into her ass, her bowls velvet about his cock. He could feel her submission. She was his. Just like Aaliyah and Zaritha were. Their kind had rules; Hawaa would forever be his. He groaned as he slid his cock in and out of his newest concubine's virgin ass.

Master, she moaned, her body shuddering beneath him. Oh, Master. Your cock. It's so wonderful. Does my ass bring you joy?

So much joy, Kyle growled, fucking her harder, the bed rocking and creaking as he pounded the Si'lat's ass.

Fuck her, Master, gasped Alexina as she fingered her ass hard beside him. Chyna and Toni where on the other side, sixty-nining and eagerly licking his cum out of each other's cunts. Show her how much better being a concubine is!

So much better! gasped the Si'lat. Oh, Master! I was such a fool to try and betray you. Your cock is wonderful. Oh, wow. My ass is burning with your passion. I'm going to cum!

Hawaa cried out Master as she came. Her ass convulsed about his cock. She bucked up to his thrusts, gasping and sobbing. He fucked her harder. His heavy balls slapped into her taint. Kyle grunted, his cock itching to cum.

Take my cock, whore! he grunted. Take every inch you fucking slut!

Yes, Master! I am a slut! Your whore! Fuck me! Use me! Oh, yes! Give me your delight!

Another cum rippled through her ass, massaging his cock with her bowel's velvet, hot grip. He shuddered, breathing in deeplythe room reeked of sweat, pussy, and cum. Such a wonderful bouquet of passion. 

Cum in her, Master! gasped Alexina as she writhed in her own orgasm. Do it! Flood the whore's ass!

Yes! Flood my whore ass!

I will! That's all your holes are good for. You're just my cum dump! He slammed his cock all the way into her bowels. Just a fucking whore!

He loved that moment when his cock erupted. Every jet of cum that erupted sent a shiver of pleasure through him. He grunted through clenched teeth, then collapsed on his whore's back, breathing hard, his body dripping with sweat.

Aaliyah, Fumi, Fatima, and Christy appeared in the room, weapons out, fierce looks on their face. Kyle! cried Fumi. She's trying to dominate you.

Kyle laughed. I know. But I handled the whore. She's my concubine. We have our alliance.

But... Fatima protested. We came to rescue you.

Kyle smiled at his wives as he pulled out her ass. You are the best wives ever, he smiled, sitting on the edge of the bed and holding out his arms for them. I love you all.

Their weapons vanished and Kyle scooped his four wives up in his arms.

She planned on handing you over to the Marids, Fumi whispered.

I know. She confessed, Kyle said, still breathing hard. Chyna.

Yes, Master. 

Hawaa needs to be disciplined. Until I say otherwise, a concubine is to spank her ass. Organize the rotation.

Hawaa squeaked in surprise. Kyle glanced at her and she bowed her head. Yes, Master. I deserved to be punished for my treachery.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Our bedroom is warded, Christy announced when she finished casting her spells with Sable and Phillipa's help, wiping beads of sweat. The spell had taken some energy out of the witch.

We need to start planning. Two attacks from the Marids in a single day is a bit much. We need to seize the initiative. Kyle looked over at Zaritha. You claimed to have the key to the Ifrit.

Zaritha nodded, standing up, her naked, dusky breasts jiggling.

I have a question first, Fatima said, looking over at where Hawaa was bent over Ms. Capello's lap, gasping and sobbing as her ass was spanked. Why do the Si'lat's have cocks?

We don't all have cocks, Naila whispered. She and her twin sister were huddled against Fumi. Their Japanese wife had claimed the two as her personal concubine, much like Sable was Christy's. Only a few of us do. My twin and I were shunned by our mother for that defect.

That's really not important, Fatima, Kyle growled, fixing his sister-wife with a hard stare.

Sorry, big bro, I was dying to know. The smaller girl squirmed in Ann and Kayleah's embrace.

I am glad we have satisfied your curiosity, Britney stated. For we have far more pressing concerns. Zaritha, continue.

The Ifrit nodded. Our Sheikh, Haleem ibn al-Ifrit pledged my people's support to the Marids.

And upset the balance of power, Aaliyah sniffed. Your Sheikh's disgraceful maneuver has propped up Rashid for a thousand years.

Because I kidnapped Sheikha Kalila and imprisoned her, Zaritha answered. Rashid keeps Haleem on a leash by threatening her life. But I am also the only one who knows where she is hidden. Not even Rashid knows. I held back from him, fearing he wouldn't need me anymore and would...dispose of me.

So if we free her, Haleem and the Ifrit's will support us? Kyle asked.

Yes, Master. She bit her lip. It will not be easy to free her. It will take unity of the elements to unlock her prison.

Six shall be one, the Marid defeated. The old crone's words echoed in Christy's head and she frowned. It reminded her of something she had read.

Unity of the elements? Kyle asked.

I imprisoned her beneath Jabal al-Dukhan. 

Aaliyah gasped. That is a terrible place.

Christy tried to concentrate on the conversation, but the crone's words itched at her mind. 

Why? Kyle demanded.

It is the Ghul's prison, Aaliyah answered.

I thought it was more of an oubliette? Britney asked. A hole that people are thrown in and are never retrieved.

It is, Zaritha answered. To open the prison the four elements must unite. The Ghul possess none, that is why the prison is in their territory. There are many holes, but I know which pit she was thrown in.

I assume there is some sort of guardian, Kyle sighed.

The Ghul. We would need their Sheikh's agreement to set foot on the mountain.

How did you get his agreement a thousand years ago? Britney asked.

I gave him a hundred fresh corpses from a battlefield. He was most appreciative.

Christy's stomach churned. That is disgusting.

They are Ghul's, she shrugged. Disgusting fits them very well.

What if we didn't have the Ghul's permission? Kyle asked. Christy can teleport us with her staff. Could we not zip in and out.

Zaritha cocked on eyebrow. Perhaps. It could be risky. We might be attacked by the Ghul's while we were there. The locks can take a few minutes to open and the Ghul are allowed to feast on any mortals that wander into their territory. They will swarm if they smell fresh meat.

I think we can handle that, Kyle shrugged. The concubines have proven their skill.

Thank you, Master, Lois smiled where she lounged with one arm around Alexina and the other around Mindy. 

If we do this, it must be during the day, Britney declared. Ghul's are creatures of darkness. Look to Christy's staff for proof of that truth.

Definitely. Ghul's are perilous at night, Zaritha agreed. 

Once we have the Ifrit's, do we try and get the Ghuls as allies? Fumi asked. They sound disgusting.

The Ifrit's provide much of Rashid's power base, Britney said. Once they are brought to our side, we shall have three tribes versus Rashid's one. Do we need them at point?

So we attack! Fatima exclaimed, jumping up. We can take the fight straight to Rashid and topple his stupid regime.

Kyle nodded. Once we have the Ifrit, we crush Rashid and set the Djinn to right.

It is a good plan, moaned Hawaa.

Quiet, hissed Ms. Capello, landing another blow on her red ass.

Then we should retire for the evening and strike at dawn, Aaliyah said.

I think there is some research I need to do, Christy frowned, still puzzling over the crone's words. Kyle, can you wish for my spellbooks I left behind? That should fall under hearth, right Aaliyah?

Aaliyah nodded. They are possessions of yours.

Then I wish for them, Kyle said. Why do you need them?

Her books appeared in a neat stack. I'm not sure. There's something I read that might be important. Sable, let's do some research.

Sure, Mistress, her witch concubine smiled, scooping up the books. On?

Unity.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sahabah, The Hidden Realm

Faiza lounged in Rashid's study, her fingers idly stroking Makerah's chain on the shelf. Rashid frowned, pushing out his senses. He felt nothing. She wasn't imbuing Makerah's diamond chain with any magic, and yet her touch unsettled him.

Have you thought more of my mistress's alliance?

I have, Rashid answered. Hecate would let him use Faizathe dark goddess's servant and Kyle's motherto defeat the upstart mortal. But only if he would marry her.

Rashid feared that almost as much as he feared Kyle. The youth was proving far more capable and resourceful than Rashid could ever have dreamed. Four of his deadly Unbound had been defeated. Only Makerah was still left, and the Marid Unbound refused to leave Sahabah to hunt Kyle down.

But he didn't have to marry Faiza yet. He still had other moves to make. Hawaa, ruler of the Si'lat, even now attempted to gain control of the youth. No mortal could withstand her seductive prowess. The Si'lat were the most skilled temptresses in the universe and Hawaa was the most skilled of the Si'lat.

Faiza turned to Rashid, her beauty stirring Rashid's cock. And have you made a decision?

I have not run out of options, he answered.

So Hecate's alliance is your last resort? A grin played along her lips.

Yes.

She let out a delightful laugh. What other surprises do you have to spring on the youth? Makerah hides in your palace. Who do you think will stop him?

Rashid gave her his own smile; he did not let any of the turmoil raging in his depth to ripple his confidence. The Ifrit will stop him. None of the Djinn are more martial than they are.

Yet they cannot kill a mortal. Not without...consequences. I doubt there is an Ifrit that wishes to be Unbound. Aljhim was unique. He did not care about the consequences to his soul so long as he could burn.

You are very informed, Rashid nodded.

Hecate has her followers everywhere. Even in your court.

The Ifrit can fight mortals. They just can't kill them. Kyle will be hard pressed against an army of them. They can capture and defeat him.

Then why haven't you unleashed them? Her mocking tone stung Rashid.

Because he is in the Jann territory. The laws of our people are quite complicated.

How tiresome. Faiza sat down, crossing her wonderful thighs. Your people have so much power, it is a shame you are so hamstrung.

And Hecate is not? She has to use Mortal followers to exert influence, hoping they will cast the right spells and choose the right actions. Our power is no different. The Djinn just have to be channeled properly. No, the Ifrit are best used in Sahabah. Here, all the Djinn are equals. They will be my last line of defense.

Of course, Kyle has Zaritha.

Rashid's expression almost broke. So? His insides churned. Does Hecate know my darkest secret?

The Ifrit are hardly yours so long as she can produce Kalila. Faiza laughed. And you do not even know where Kalila is hidden.

Damn Zaritha! I should have killed her a thousand years ago so Kalila could never be freed.

Faiza smile grew. But I know where she is hidden.

Rashid's calm broke and he gaped. How?

Hecate is the mother of Prophecy. Her Daughter can see many hidden things.

Where is she? Zaritha had always held back telling him, insuring Rashid would continue to need her services. I should have tortured it out of the bitch.

Marry me.

If the Si'lat whore succeeds, it won't matter.

I must think on it.

Hecate is growing impatient with your stalling.

A knock rapped his door. Enter, Rashid called.

There is a message from the sands, noble Sultan, a Marid servant said when he entered, bowing deep.

Rashid nodded. A message from the sands meant word from his spy, the Jann Vizier. Sayid knew to send a message only when it was most vital. He took the sealed scroll from his servant, cracking the gold wax and unfurled it.

The Si'lat have joined with Kyle. Hawaa made a power play this evening, but Kyle dominated her. She is now his concubine. A secret meeting was held in his room. I could not learn what was discussed. Ishtar's magic warded the room. One of Kyle's wives and two concubines are witches. Zaritha intimated that she could deliver the Ifrit earlier. I fear that is Kyle's next move.

Rashid crumpled the note, water dripping from his hand and washing away the ink before he threw the sodden mess to the floor.

Hawaa failed? Faiza asked, raising her eyebrow.

Rashid was hardly surprised she knew about that. He had no choice. We shall marry, Faiza. Where is Kalila held?

Faiza stood, her fingers lifting the hem of her dress. Once you've consummated our marriage, she purred. Her breasts were lovely, firm, and dusky. Her skirt fell off her hips, her black bush neatly trimmed, dripping with her desire. This body is a virgin.

How can you be Kyle's mother and remain a virgin?

I died and was reborn, she answered walking towards him, her hips shaking. Do you take me as your first wife, Rashid ibn al-Marid, Sultan of the Hidden People?

I do, he declared, his cock rising in his blue pantaloons.

She grabbed his white beard, pulling him up to his feet. Her hands stroked his firm flesh, sliding down to his groin. Her touch burned him. His cock hardened as she pressed into the silk, grasping his hardening shaft and stroking him as his silk pantaloons fell to the floor.

So excited for my flesh, she purred, pressing her lithe body against him. Her breasts were soft on his chest, her nipples hard. Her lips found his and her kiss was as sweet as honey. It had been centuries since he had been with a woman. All his concubines had long since bored him and his wives were shriveled hags that waged petty wars for dominance of the harem.

But Faiza was so new and exciting.

Take me to your bedchamber, my husband, she purred. I want to make us one flesh.

Her words churned fear inside him, a great, dark tide that dragged his heart down. But he had no choice. The Ifrit could not be freed from his control. Then Kyle would come for him and would sweep his Marid away without any effort. His tribe were scholars not warriors.

He turned into a whirling mist, engulfing Faiza's form. His misty waters caressed every part of her body as he carried her. He flowed across her round breasts, playing with her wonderful nipples while his water wrapped around her limbs, sliding between fingers and toes. She shivered and gasped as he caressed her with his wet touch. He slid between her groin, gathering the droplets of her tart passion.

Her pussy juices spread through his being. His mist tasted her everywhere. Her salty sweat, tart cunt, sour ass. Flowery perfume adorned her body and sweet unguents graced her hair. He played with every part of her body.

Oh, my husband, she moaned as her body convulsed as he carried her. She shook in his watery embrace. Yes, yes! Touch me. Love me! Oh, yes!

More of her juices flooded out, joining his mist, as she came. He delighted in her musk, swirling her passion through his entire being. He worked harder against her pussy, drawing out more of her juices, prolonging her shudders.

You are amazing, she moaned as he sat her down on his bed, his body reforming out of the mist. He could smell her tart juices with every breath. His skin was covered in her passion. No man has ever loved me so well.

Her thighs spread as she writhed on his blue silks. Take me, my husband. Claim what is yours. Unite with Hecate and your reign will be unstoppable.

His cock was thick and hard, jutting before him. She grasped it, stroking him with her wanton hands. He fell between her thighs, eager to experience her flesh. He lowered his mouth, sucking a hard nipple between his teeth.

Oh, yes. You know how to please a woman. Umm, that's it. Yes, my husband.

Her hand stroked him harder, bringing him to his full girth. Her legs wrapped around his hips, pulling him towards her pussy. She was eager for his cock. He nudged her wet folds. She was hot, burning for his cock.

She rubbed the tip through her labia, pressing it against her maidenhead. This body was untouched by any man save for him. He pushed forward, not fast, he wanted to enjoy breaking her purity. She shuddered, moaning in pain as he pressed against her elastic hymen.

It broke.

The head of his cock popped in.

She shuddered, moaning in pain and pleasure.

He pressed his cock deeper, her flesh wrapped tight about his cock, giving way before his dominance. Her legs pulled him in, her flesh embracing him as she surrendered to her husband. She shuddered, arching her hips up, eager to feel more of his girth.

My husband! she moaned. Fuck me! Unite with me!

His cock bottomed out inside her. She was wonderful, hot, amazing. He had never felt anything like it. No pussy had ever gripped his cock tighter, surrounded him with more spongy flesh. She squeezed down, her pussy contracting about him, pulsing and massaging him.

You whore! he groaned. Your pussy is experienced.

Only this body is new, laughed Faiza. I know how to please a man.

Her hips undulated beneath him, rolling her hot sheathe about his cock. He groaned, his hips drawing back and thrusting. An ache boiled in his balls and gathered at the tip of is cock. He had to satisfy this amazing pleasure. He had to revel in her flesh. She was so amazing. There was nothing he wanted more than to flood her pussy.

Her fingernails bit into his back as she moaned and writhed beneath him. Fuck me, my husband. Oh, yes! Pour your seed into me. I need it!

He rutted atop her, growing more and more vigorous as he pumped away. Their flesh slapped, his heavy, cum-laden balls cracking into her taint. Their mouth met, tongues dueling as his passion mounted. 

His thrust grew frantic. He was on the verge of cumming. Every muscle in his body tensed. He wasn't going to stop. He needed his release. His back arched as he drove his cock into the very depth of her body, brushing her cervix.

And he came.

A flood of cum erupted, pumping in mighty pulse after might pulse. Centuries of backup spunk was unleashed, overflowing her vessel. She shuddered, her dark eyes squeezing shut as she found her own orgasm.

My husband! she purred. We are one!

His body shuddered, electric pleasure shot through him. His mind was lost in the bliss. He gasped and moaned, then collapsed atop her. He couldn't think of anything. He had never been so satiated in all his life.

His cock already grew hard for a second taste.

But I need to make plans to stop Kyle.

Where is Kalila? he panted.

Jabal al-Dukhan, she answered.

Servant, he bellowed, his cock hardening in her wonderful embrace, his hips thrusting again.

A Marid entered, his eyes downcast. Yes, wise Sultan.

Send a message to Tariq ibn al-Ghul. A banquet will enter his realm soon. He has my permission to eat every last one of the mortals with Kyle. They will be at Jabal al-Dukhan.

The message will be sent at once, the servant bowed.

As fast as possible. It must be in Tariq's hand before dawn. 

That's when Kyle would go. The Ghul hate the day. They will disappear into their holes as the sun rises.

Does my husband have a second wind, purred Faiza, her fingers caressing his back.

And maybe even a third, he grinned. You make me feel so young.

Roll on your back, and I will show you more of my delights, she purred.

Rashid gasped and groaned as his new wife writhed atop him, her wonderful breasts bouncing. Tariq will kill Kyle while I fuck his mother. Rashid had never been happier.

To be continued...