Betsy The Bitch - a Samantha's Shame Story
 by Delta Venus

Copyright 2009


My name is Samantha, Sam for short. I am writing this journal
mostly against my will, because of my older sister, Betsy. Betsy
is a bitch. A 24 karat, no-holds-barred, total fucking bitch.
Don't get me wrong, I love her because she is my sister, and she
is the type of sister who would do anything for me. Unfortunately
she is also the type who would do almost anything to me. I can
write that because she ordered me to be totally honest in this
journal, and write down all of my feelings. In fact, she told me
if it was obvious that I was leaving out anything I felt, or
anything that happened to me, she would make me very sorry.


Betsy has pretty much always been a bitch to me. When we were
young it was mostly physical abuse. She wouldn't do anything that
would result in permanent harm, but she would regularly slap my
face or punch me in the stomach or thighs, give me charley horses
and indian burns, and every so often just kick the shit out of
me. When I hit puberty, she suddenly figured out that I became
tremendously sexually aroused by embarassment and humiliation,
and found that absolutely hilarious and otherwise wonderfully
entertaining. Since I was the shy type, one of the easiest ways
to embarassment was to have me naked and exposed, although she
sometimes stuck with tried and true verbal humiliation, and could
tease me into near tears with just words.


Just before I turned 15, Betsy caught me masturbating, and took
some very revealing pictures. She has used those pictures to make
me do what she wants, even though many of the things she has had
me do have been far more embarassing than the pictures, and I'd
probably do whatever she asked anyways because she scares the
shit out of me. I wouldn't be writing that down, because it
probably gives her even more of a hold on me, but she has me
scared enough that I don't want to leave it out when I think she
already knows, and I believe her threats to make me sorry if I
don't write down everything.


When it was just between the two of us, I could sort of handle
it. The sexual twist was new, but otherwise it was the same old
torture I'd been enduring as long as I could remember. Then Betsy
took it to another level. Shortly after my 15th birthday, Betsy
brought her current boyfriend home, and they had gone up to her
room to make out. No one else was home, so they could do whatever
they wanted without worrying about being caught. That didn't
matter much to Betsy, because she had no intention of letting
things get out of hand, her boyfriend wasn't going to get much
past "first base". Apparently he complained about this quite a
bit, and that gave Betsy ideas.


"SAM! Get your ass up here!"


I began to quiver, because I had an idea of what lay ahead, but I
quickly complied and ran up the stairs to her bedroom before she
could get pissed and decide I needed a beating. She and her
boyfriend, Jack, were laying on her bed kissing when I came in
the door.


"About time, slut. Come over here next to the bed."


I sidled closer, my eyes downcast, not daring to look either of
them in the face. I was already blushing, and my panties were a
little damp, because I just knew what was going to happen. I was
about to be their plaything, and there wasn't anything I could do
to prevent it.


"Sam, Jack here has never seen a girls boobies in real life. I'm
not a slut, like you, so I'm not about to let him see mine, but I
hate to see him so disappointed. Take of your shirt and let him
look at yours."


Jack looked like he thought that was a wonderful idea. My blush
crept down from my face, and covered my upper chest, while my
panties got even damper with juice. I hated this, but it was also
exactly the sort of treatment that turned me on something fierce.
I felt betrayed by my body, because my mind rebelled and reeled,
this was not something I wanted to do, I really loathed being
exposed, but it got my heart racing and my juices flowing like
nothing else. I responded even though I really did not want to.
Knowing I had no choice, I went ahead and took off my top. I
hadn't been wearing a bra, so my newly formed tits were
immediately on display, the nipples hard and jutting, the blush
of embarassment just reaching from my face to their tops. I was
breathing hard, and obviously turned on to anyone who wasn't
blind.


"See, Jack, I told you she would like it. Sam is a slut!" laughed
Betsy.


The word "slut" sent shockwaves through me, right to my pussy. I
was now much more than damp, I was soaking wet, and almost
shaking with excitement. My mind screamed "Don't do this! Don't
let them see! Don't let them know!", but my body was reacting in
spite of my mental torment, and I was as turned on as I can
remember ever being. Betsy and Jack began to make out again,
pausing now and then to stare at me, and comment on my features
and how obviously excited I was being exposed to them. They made
me stand there as their entertainment for quite some time, while
they fooled around with their clothes on. Jack began to reach
out, as if to pinch my nipples...


SMACK!!


Betsy had slapped his face, hard!


"Don't you dare touch my sister! She may be a slut, but she is my
sister, and you won't touch her! Besides, you are supposed to be
my boyfriend, so you had better just enjoy the view, and leave
her alone otherwise."


Jack looked a little shocked, and mumbled "Sure, sure. I was just
playing, you know I love you."


"I'm sure you do, so don't blow it by doing something that will
piss me off. We'll have lots of fun with Sam, if you'll just do
as I say. Sam won't mind, she is a horny cunt, but I will mind if
you get out of line, and then the fun and games will be over. Got
it?"


Again, Betsy's words were a shock to my system. "Horny cunt",
"lots of fun", what was going to happen in the future? I began to
tremble. Betsy either took mercy on me, or more likely decided
that she had had enough fun today (perhaps worried that the
'rents would be home soon), and told me to put on my top and go
away. I was relieved, but still incredibly wired up and horny. I
put on my top, ran to my room, flopped onto my bed and found
release the only way I could. I jammed my hand into my pants, and
frigged my sloppy box until I had a killer orgasm. It was
intense, and I felt completely drained afterwards, and also
totally humiliated. I had been exposed in front of a boy! He had
stared at my tits, and commented on them in the most vulgar
terms, while I had been turned into a total horndog with my pussy
hot as an oven and dripping with juice. I could die! I also knew
that this was only the beginning, I was destined for much worse
to be sure.


When I arrived home from school the next day, Betsy grabbed me
just as I got in the door.


"Get in the car, slut, we're going for a ride." she commanded,
grabbing me by the elbow and guiding me back out the door to her
VW. The bitch got the ride a year ago, when she turned 16, and
didn't deserve it if you asked me. Of course, nobody asked me. I
gave in, and got in. She peeled out, and quickly headed out of
town.


"Where are we going?" I asked.


"Never you mind," she said. "Just know we are going out of town
so you won't be recognized." and started cackling like a maniac.
I did not like where this seemed to be heading! In the house was
one thing, in front of her boyfriend was another. This was going
way beyond that, it was sure to be in public, not in private. Oh
God! I began trembling with fear, and of course my body decided
that this was exciting stuff, and began to betray me. My nipples
were sticking out through my blouse, again I wasn't wearing a bra
(I don't really need one yet, although it is getting close).
Betsy reached over and tweeked one of my nipples. It sent a shock
through every nerve in my body and I gasped.


She giggled and said "I may not let Jack touch you, but don't you
go thinking I won't!"


We drove out the main highway, and headed out of town. It didn't
take long before we exited the highway in a neighboring town, and
Betsy may have known where we were going, but I was quickly
disoriented and had no idea where we were. After a couple twists
and turns, we wound up somewhere. I don't know where, but it
didn't look good. It seemed like we had been in the college
district, but now it looked a lot more skid row. Sometimes those
two can be a little intermixed, colleges tend to low rent areas,
and certain flavors of low rent are attracted by the ready
availibility of young adventurous college students. I wasn't
quite afraid of being raped and murdered, but I couldn't quite
get the idea out of my mind either.


Besty knew right where we were going, though, and we pulled into
an apartment building's underground garage, and parked. We got
out of the car, and walked over to an elevator. We took the
elevator up to the second floor, and got out, Betsy led me to the
right, and we went down the hall aways until Besty proclaimed
"This is the place." A knock on the door was quickly answered,
and we were inside a small apartment before I could blink.


"Relax, Sam. Just do what I tell you to do, and you'll be fine.
If you don't, you'll just make things difficult, and I'll make
you pay for it when we get back home. Believe it!" Betsy barked
at me. I took her threat seriously, as Betsy had never made an
idle threat yet. If she said you would regret something, you
would indeed regret. We were not alone, there were two guys who
looked like college students. One was tall, the other average.
Neither had any particularly stand out features, they looked like
any other college age men you might see around a campus. I wasn't
really frightened (yet), but I wasn't seeing anything to put me
at ease, either.


Betsy quickly took command, telling me "OK, slut. It is time to
play! This apartment is inside the "red light" district. Girls
hang out on balconys naked, or nearly naked, as advertisements.
You can guess what they are advertising. Since you are almost a
whore, you'll make great "copy" for my friends here. I want you
peeled down to your panties, wearing nothing else. You will hang
out on the balcony until my buddies here have gotten a certain
amount of business. The sexier you act, the quicker the johns
will react, and the sooner we can leave. You don't have to put
out, just be the bait. Draw them in, and we'll go home. If you
argue with me even a little bit, I'll trick you out all night -
and keep the money your john's pay to fuck you senseless."


Hard to argue with act sexy or you'll get banged by strangers all
night. I acted sexy. I stripped down to my panties, just as
Bestsy told me, and went out on the balcony in the cold night
air, and acted as sexy as I could. I could blame the cold air for
my rock hard nipples, but it would be a lie. I was immensely
turned on. Scared as hell, feeling quite debased and demeaned,
but also horny and excited. I hung out on the balcony as quite a
few people wandered through the local alleys, hooting and
hollering, obviously out for a good time and used to what the
neighborhood had to offer. I wanted to hang way back, where
nobody could see me, but I realized that if I didn't get a few
guys to respond that I'd either be out on that balcony all night,
or my sister might make good on her threat and trick me out like
a regular prostitute, to get fucked who knows how often by
whatever strange guys rang the doorbell.


I made sure I was quite visible from the street, and the thought
of anyone at all, in fact everyone that wandered by, seeing my
almost completely naked body shot thrills through my nervous
system, while at the same time it made a mush of my brain. I
hated the very thought of anyone getting a glimpse of me, but
being exposed also thrilled me beyond belief. The contradiction I
can't explain, but it is the way I am. I hate this sort of thing,
yet it turns me on beyond belief. I would never expose myself to
others, yet being exposed lights every nerve fiber in my body on
fire.


I tend to blush when excited. At first it is just my face, but as
the level of my excitement rises, the blush extends down my body
to cover my entire chest. As I started my "advertising" my blush
extended past my face, but wasn't much past my neck. That quickly
changed after the first wolf whistle from someone down in the
alley, and I was blushing right down to my rock hard nipples. MY
nipples harden at the first sign of anything remotely resembling
sexual arousal, but when I really get riled up, the whole areola
swells, and there are many goosebumps that swell quite a bit in
the surrounding territory. I was in goosebumps fairly rapidly
that evening. It doesn't matter how embarassed I am... I take
that back. The more embarassed I am, the more aroused I get. I
hate it. I feel like my body is betraying me. Why should I get
cranked up by being humiliated? A healthy sexual arousal is one
thing, but getting wildly turned on by situations that are
humiliating or embarassing seems both inappropriate and more than
a little slutty. Embarassment should just be embarassing, not
sexually exciting, unless you are a slut. At least that is what
Betsy keeps telling me, only a slut would be getting excited by
such things. A slut like me.


I hung out on that balcony all night. I shook my stuff, acted the
fool, shook my tities, pinched my nipples, hung my ass over the
banister, did anything that might entice and attract the strange
men that wandered the alley to ring our bell and ask for
satisfaction. It turned me on no end, but also made me feel a
deep sense of humiliation. I liked being the subject of random
mens fantasies, the object of their lust, someone hot enough to
rate thinking about as nothing but sexy and attractive, yet I
hated the idea that a bunch of guys thought I was nothing but a
slut, someone to fuck in some random encounter. I was an object,
an advertising icon, a piece of meat to lure the dullard drunken
massess into enough of a sexual frenzy to get them to part with
their cash and their dignity. I was a slut, and damn near a
whore, and it had my pussy dripping like a leaky faucet even as
it had my mind reeling with debassment and chagrin.


Betsy finally came out and said "Good job! We made three hundred
dollars with you out drawing them in like flies to honey. Next
time maybe we'll put you on the menu, and make twice or three
times as much!" She laughed and laughed.


I was allowed to put some of my clothes on, which suprised me.
When we showed up in this slummy neighborhood, I really figured
on getting gangbanged. A small part of me was disappointed, as I
was so horny from all the exposure and attention that I would
have welcomed a good hard fucking, even by a group of horny
freshmen. Of course another part of me was completely relieved.
As horned out as I get sometimes, I still want to wait until I am
older to get fucked, I want to remain a virgin for the time
being. Contradictions, but then it is different parts of me that
what to be banged mercilessly and want to save myself for a
meaningful relationship with that special someone. I did
momentarily remember Betsy slapping the shit out of Jack for
trying to touch me, and felt a momentary pride that while I was
such a total trollop, my sister did want to protect me. She might
enjoy torturing me, but she wasn't going to let anyone really get
to me. I couldn't completely trust Besty, as she was a cruel
bitch, but the reality was that she most likely wouldn't let me
get in physical trouble. I couldn't be 100% sure, because she
might flip out if she was pissed off, or she could get caught up
in the moment if the setup was just too sweet, but it was
unlikely she would get me raped, or otherwise fucked over. That
wouldn't spare me a great deal of humiliating behavior, because I
was sure that anything short of sexual penetration would just be
fun and games to her, and I could just suck it up.


I hadn't yet gotten completely dressed when Betsy led me down to
the car. She had me climb in, and we pulled out of the parking
lot and headed for home. Betsy drove one-handed, and reached the
other hand over to cup my pussy.


"God, slut, you are soaked! I knew you would like that!"


I was trembling from the whole experience, and horned up like a
desperate housewife. I was so fucking horny, I didn't even think
twice. I had to peel my panties to the side, they were stuck to
my pussy. I had two fingers working in and out faster than you
could say jack off. Betsy didn't do too badly keeping her eyes on
the road, but she did keep glancing over at me, and occasionally
tweeking my nipples. We were stopped for a red light when I
orgasmed.


"Don't look now, but the guy in the SUV next to us is really
enjoying the view," whispered Betsy. I glanced up at this middle
aged guy with gray hair looking at me with intense lust, and the
flash of humiliation combined with the orgasm I was already
having caused me to go into multiples! I had never done that
before, I was shaking and convulsing almost like an eplieptic,
all the while my eyes were locked with the man in the SUV next to
us. Oh, God, I couldn't believe I had just done that in front of
a total stranger! The light changed, and Betsy had to drive like
a maniac to lose him, because he was on our tail like a dog after
a bitch in heat. I guess that fit, because I was in heat! I know
I've said it before, but I was turned on more than I had ever
been. Even though I had already had several orgasms, I kept
playing with my pussy all the way home, I just couldn't stop. We
pulled into the drive, and Betsy threw the rest of my clothes at
me.


"Put these on before you scare the neighbors, slut." I put on the
shorts and sweater, ran into the house, up the stairs, and into
my room. I began to sob and cry from how humiliated I had been,
exposed to all those different people, caught playing with my
pussy like a total slut. I didn't come out of my room until well
after our parents got home, and even then I felt like they knew
what a whore I was - everyone must know, it had to be obvious! I
finally calmed down some, but I was still very confused. Why did
I get so horny when I was embarassed and scared? Why did
humiliating situations push all my buttons, and turn me into a
total slut? I didn't know, but I knew my sister would be taking
even more advantage of my condition, because she obviously got
off on it. I got off on it, too, even though I hated it just as
much. I wanted to be left alone, and I wanted more. I couldn't
tell you which.


Betsy left me alone the next day, I don't know why, but I was
grateful for the rest. It took a lot out of me to be so stressed
out and on edge, and the sexual tension was also quite tiring,
even sexual release burned quite a bit of energy. The following
day, though, the bitch was back at it. She brought Jack home
again, and they headed up to her bedroom. I was about to sneak
out of the house, hoping I could get away before Betsy could get
her evil hooks into me. Alas, I was too slow.


"SAM! Get your ass up here!"


Doomed. Well, maybe it wouldn't be too bad, after all she hadn't
let him touch me last time, she probably wouldn't push things too
far. Oh shit! Last time I had thoughts like that, things went a
lot farther than I would ever have dreamed. I tromped up the
stairs and into Betsy's room. I gasped in shock when I got there.
She had Jack naked on her bed, and was fondling his very hard
cock! She still had all her clothes on, but he was butt naked.


"I'm giving Jack a hand job, because he's been a good boy, but he
just can't quite get there. He needs a little more stimulation.
Get naked, girl, and make it fast!"


"There is no way I'm fucking anyone, Betsy! I'm too young and I
want to stay a virgin!"


"You stupid cow, Jack isn't going to touch you! He just needs
something to look at, like Playboy magazine, to help him out. Now
strip before I really get mad!"


I bowed to the inevitable, and took off my clothes. You can guess
what state my body was in, but I was still feeling a little
rebellious. I was covering up as best I could with my hands, one
arm over my tits, the other hand blocking the view of my pussy.


Betsy looked at me covering up, and giggled. "Sam, you are funny!
The whole idea is to give Jack something to look at while I
handle his crank, and he's going to see everything you've got."


I dropped my hands, and sighed. My arousal was very obvious, the
usual jutting nipples, the flush of excitement across my face and
chest, pussy beginning to lubricate, the whole works. The fact
that I knew Jack didn't help, in fact it probably made things a
little worse. At least with a stranger you can tell yourself
they'll never see you again, and they know nothing about you.
Jack knew me, and was getting to know me much more intimately
than I liked, but there was no helping it with Betsy calling the
shots.


"Get up, Jack. Let Sam lay on the bed. Sam scoot down so your ass
is right on the very edge. That's right, now spread your legs.
Wider, bitch! Kneel down right in front of her, Jack, so you can
get a good view. Let her feel your breath on her slutty hole."


Jesus! I could actually feel Jack's breath barely brushing my oh
so tender lips like the gentlest carress. I felt totally exposed
and vulnerable, Jack was so close he could touch me any time he
wanted, and I felt like he was staring right into my soul, not
just my hole.


"Do what you were doing in the car the other day, slut. You know,
when that gray-hair in the SUV was watching you?"


Oh my God, she expected me to masturbate in front of Jack! I felt
like I was going to faint. I felt a dribble of juice leak from
between my pussy lips. Jack was intensely focused on my naked
body, his eyes wandered up to my swollen tits then quickly back
down to my juicy box. I could see his cock throbbing as he took
in the view, and my clit seemed to throb with the same timing as
his cock. Betsy began stroking his dick again, talking to both of
us.


"Look at the slut's dripping pussy, Jack! You like pussy, don't
you? She must like your dick, Jack, or she wouldn't be so juicy!
You fucking slutty cunt, you like his big hard dick, don't you?
You slut, you just want a hard cock in your cunt, don't you? Look
at how swollen her lips are, see the juices leaking out? She is
really turned on. Only a fucking slut would be turned on having a
guy stare at her pussy from just inches away. Get going, Sam, we
want a show!"


I began by fondling my breasts. First with the left hand, leaving
my right hand up playing with my hair, then with both hands.
Caressing the outside, cupping my tits, then moving in to lightly
run my fingers over the nipples. I ran both hands down my rib
cage, towards my pussy, but withdrew them before I got into
sensitive territory, and brought them back up to my breasts,
circling outside, then working in towards the nipples again.
Betsy kept up a constant dialog. I got verbal humiliation, Jack
got encouragement to spurt his cum. It was fucking hot! This was
my first close up view of a hard dick, and I had never seen one
shoot off before, so in spite of being humiliated beyond belief,
I was looking forward to Jack's finale.


Jack must really like what he is seeing, I thought, or his cock
wouldn't be so hard and red. I may be a slut, like Betsy is
saying, but Jack likes it! I let my hands work down from my
breasts, across my belly, then outwards and down across my hips,
working down the outside of my thighs, then across my knees to
the inside of my thighs, and up towards my pussy. I repeated this
motion, letting my fingers trail lightly across my pussy lips at
the end of each cycle. I started a motion that let me caress my
ass, staying away from the most sensitive areas at first, then
trending back towards the more vulnerable areas, ending up
rubbing my thighs and my lips about equally. As I heated up, and
could really feel my juices flowing, I began to get more
explicit. First rubbing my lips instead of just my thighs, then
rubbing my clit instread of just my lips. I arched and spread
even wider, both of my holes puffed, exposed, aroused, and ready
for action, totally open to Jack's intense gaze.


Just as I switched from rubbing my juiced up lips and slipped a
finger inside, finally penetrating my pussy, Jack gave an immense
groan and let loose a virtual torrent of sticky cum. He really
ejaculated quite a load, six or seven strong shots with lots of
energy. He nailed Betsy right in the face with the strongest
straight up spurt, as she had been intensely focused on the hand
job and my hot box, and was only inches away from the action. She
probably would have gotten it in the face even if she hadn't been
right on top of him, as the shots really had some power to them.
She covered his cock with her hands quickly, which kept the rest
of the cum from flying all over the place, but some still managed
to splash through, and a couple drops went splat on my left foot
and calf.


Seeing Betsy get it in the face drove me over the edge, and I
heard her squawking about something, but I was oblivious for the
moment while I shuddered and shaked through a nice solid cum.
When I came back to reality, Jack had a new hand print on his
face, and was busy licking up his own cum from Betsy's hands, her
face already clean. When he finished there, she made him lick the
drops off my foot. I guess I'm not the only one who is scared of
her! I got dressed and left them to their own devices, and went
to my room to take a nap. I couldn't sleep, I kept thinking about
that shot Betsy took in the face. I finally had to masturbate
again to get the image out of my head, a nice strong orgasm
helped me nod off. Obviously I wasn't the only one who could be
humilitated, but Betsy's reaction had been much different than
mine.


Was it because I was a slut, and Betsy wasn't? No, that didn't
fit. Betsy had been just as into it as I had been, but her
reactions had been different. Betsy had obviously been just as
much of a slut as I had been, she was in the scene up to her
eyeballs after all. "Hands on" if you must. But our roles had
been very different. What cranked my scooter wasn't the same as
what did hers, but we both got cranked just the same. I got a
sudden revelatory moment, where I understood that being in
control was just as much of a buzz for Betsy as being under
control was for me. I didn't forgive her. I didn't even forget
that I thought she was a Bitch with a capital "B". I did suddenly
understand a certain something, though. An underlying fundamental
reality, an understanding of the way certain people are under all
the social bullshit we like to pile on top. I knew I would always
be the "victim", and Betsy would always be one of those who
exploited "victims", and as long as we stayed within the rules,
we would both be happiest if that reality remained the status
quo. It didn't make me happy with my situation, or the way my
body always betrayed me, but I did suddenly understand the
dynamic. I also knew Betsy wouldn't stop anytime soon.


Fucking bitch.


        &#9650;&#9792;


http://deltavenus.bestdamnpornblogs.com/
