Author: mypenname3000
Title: Stud Conquers the World Book Five: The Demon Mommy's Naughty Plan, Part Two
Summary: Zach experiments with Nisha while a detective invesitages Jenny Lamb's disappearance.
Keywords: ff mf inc oral anal rim spank D/s exhib voy super

Copyright: 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader

Chapter Three

Charles Ludwig Swartzenburg II

I walked away from Zach and Susannah, anger boiling through my body. It wasn't blood in my veins. It was vitriolic acid. He had to suffer for what he did to my mother. After I had him in the ground, I could finally take Susannah.

She was soiled by Zach, though. I wouldn't keep her like I used to fantasize about. I would take such pleasure in pinning her down and violating her. She would scream as I took her over and over again. Once I tried over her body, I would sacrifice her to Molech and enjoy her mother.

Mrs. Augustine... What a ripe plum she was. I hoped to fuck her again. To...

A strange dizziness washed over me. This sense of almost deja vu. I hadn't fucked Mrs. Augustine, and yet I had this half-remembered snatch of her gasping on my cock. Like something glimpsed in a dream I had of her. 

It would be a delight to fuck Mrs. Augustine. It would be wild to fuck her in school while she wore her daughter's clothes. It felt so familiar. That must have been the dream I was half remembering. Of course, I hadn't done anything like that. She was a preacher's wife. She wouldn't do whorish things without being controlled.

I could deal with her later. I had to focus on the true threat. Zach had cast that spell. He was dangerous. He had to pay for what he did. I had to kill him and fast. There was no avoiding it now. He had to die.

My mind brimmed with those ideas as I reached my first classroom. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Moira Black

What is going on? Sable muttered. I thought she was... dead. And there she was again.

Demon, muttered Zach.

Oh, that was interesting. How had my brother figured that out? 

Susannah glanced at him. Demon? What's that?

He smiled at her. Charles is into some horrible things. I don't think that's his mother any longer. There's something very, very off about her.

Oh, no. Susannah looked horrified. 

Not here, he said. We have to get to class. He offered her his arm. She took it and they headed off. I watched them go, glad not to feel that horrible seething any longer. 

Demon? Sable asked. His mother is a demon?

I suppose that's one way she could... Moira shuddered and said. Yes, that's the only way it could work. A powerful demon. That's not good for us. Not good at all.

Great. Sable shook her head. This is getting way crazier than I thought.

I glanced at her then took her hand. She gasped as I dragged her toward the school. Other students noticed us. I pulled sable to me and took her arm. I beamed at her as I headed into the school, Sable's glancing at me then forcing herself to smile.

I slipped my arm around her waist now, my hand on her rump. I squeezed her ass. She muttered beneath her breath and shook her head. That was nice to hear. Real nice. I was so glad for it. This was all making me feel so excited.

I headed for an empty classroom and grabbed the doorknob. It was unlocked. It should be locked, but my succubus was such a nice creature and as a teacher at the school, she had keys. She set things up for me. I opened the door and pulled in Sable.

What are

I kissed Sable. I threw my arms around her neck and kissed me with passion. Doing nice things like this made... made it easier to handle certain things. Her lips were so soft. I loved how they felt on mine. I thrust my tongue into her mouth, holding her to me. I rose on my tiptoes. She was so much taller than me in her heeled boots. Nearly Zach's height.

She struggled and pushed me back. I stumbled and panted. She stood there in her thigh-high boots and fishnet stockings that just peeked out from beneath her tight skirt. She wore a one-piece dress, low-cut. She looked dangerous. Furious. 

What are you doing and what is going on? she demanded.

I don't know how Zach knew, but Mrs. Swartzenburg is not human any longer. I took a deep breath. She's dead. I... Well, there's no way any human can survive that. So Charles, the idiot, called a demon to possess her. She's his mother with something evil wrapped around her soul. Something wicked and vile.

Viler than you, asked Sable.

I flinched. Memories of blood and screams and... I pushed that down. Don't be a bitch. I sauntered to her and grabbed her hips. I also brought you in here to do this.

I kissed her again. My lips were soft on hers. I did love kissing Sable. She pushed me back again, a grimace spilling over her face. It was so delicious the way she glared at me with such annoyance in her eyes.

You didn't have to drag me in here and kiss me to tell me that, Sable said. She's dangerous.

Lethal. She'll have magic. She's an ancient being. She lacks mercy. Empathy. She's evil. I smiled. And, yes, I had to pull you in here. We have to keep up our rep as lovers. Everyone saw me pull you in here. The school's rumor mill will be buzzing. Now we have to show up late for our classes, disheveled, so everyone will know that we were in here making love.

I don't want to fuck you right now, Sable said.

Mmm, well I'm in such a good mood. I slid my hands around her waist and gripped her rump. Zach loves me!

Sable rolled her eyes. Well, I'm glad someone does.

You love me, too, I purred, kneading her rump. 

I loathe you. She glared down at me. I despise you. You're a flighty, crazy, disobedient witch who doesn't think before doing anything.

You know me so well. You do love me! I kissed her again, pressing my body against hers. I thrust my tongue into her mouth and swirled it around with hers. 

She groaned and kissed me back. Her lips worked on mine as she pushed me back. I hit a desk and sat on it. She plunged her tongue into my mouth now. She stroked over me as her hands slid up the front of my blouse, squeezing my little tits. I didn't bother with a bra. Not one bit. She massaged my little titties, my nipples throbbing with delight.

I broke the kiss and purred. You are such a liar.

It's just hot making out with someone I hate, she purred. I'm dripping wet right now.
Me, too, I purred. Mmm, I'm going to make you cum so hard.

She flashed me a wicked smile. Good, but... Before I forget, I'm going to need your help with the police I recruit.

Oh, I can do that, I moaned. Just make them female and hot. I'll take care of the rest. An idea burst in my mind. In fact, when you go recruiting, take Ms. Rayne with you.

The teacher? Her brow furrowed.

Oh, she's more than a teacher, I purred, cupping her round breasts through her blouse. I felt her lacy bra beneath. Mmm, let me see that cute bra you have on beneath there.

Show me those little titties, she hissed back.

I smiled at her and pulled off my black t-shirt. It had a skull on the front with a black tear spilling from the right eye. I threw it off, revealing my little titties. My dyed-purple hair swayed around my face as she stared at my breasts. I loved how she stared with such lust at me. Oh, she hated me and desired me all at the same time.

I loved it.

She unzipped her dress and pulled it off. She wore fishnet pantyhose and nothing else, the diamond pattern covering her pussy lips. I bet her ass looked amazing in that. She had a wispy little bra, the material transparent to show off those round tits. Her red hair spilled over her shoulders. 

She grabbed both my nipples and pinched them. Hard. I gasped in delight, my cunt clenching as pain throbbed through my nipples. I grinned at her as she sought to hurt me. Her green eyes burned with such sadistic heat.

Mmm, you like torturing little titties, I purred. I pressed my boot between her thigh. What would it be like if I just did a little pussy punting? I rubbed the toe into her cuntlips.

She pulled on my nipples and dragged me off the desk. She kissed me again, her lips so hungry. So passionate. I loved it. I shoved my hand between her thighs and found her wet pussy. I stroked over the thin nylon cords of her fishnets and found her clit. I pinched hers.

She squealed into my mouth and hooked my let. She tripped me. I gasped as I fell onto the linoleum floor with a grunt. My butt hurt. She smiled down at me and stepped over my head. She lowered her pussy to my mouth.

I licked my lips. That's right. You're such a bitch, Sable. I love it! Mmm, let's feast on each other's pussies!

She planted her cunt right on my face, the fishnet cords rubbing on my lips as her tart juices spilled into my mouth. I loved it. She ground her cunt against my mouth as she leaned over. I flicked my tongue through her folds and grabbed her ass covered in more nylon strings.

I kneaded her as she pushed up my short skirt and found my thong. She ripped it to the side and licked at my shaved snatch. From my pierced clit to my taint, she stroked the entire length of my snatch and sent such delight through me.

I moaned into her cunt and gripped her rump. I squeezed her ass as I thrust my tongue into her cunt. I swirled about in her, loving the wide diamond pattern of her fishnets. It made eating her pussy easy as could be.

She moaned into my snatch.

I moaned into hers.

She lapped her tongue up and down my folds, brushing my clit and its piercing. My toes curled in my boots. My tongue danced around in her tart depths. I savored that wonderful taste as she nibbled on my cuntlips.

Her tongue plunged into my snatch. I squeezed her rump, loving her squirming around in me. The classroom rang with our muffled moans. We loved each other's pussies. Her anger gave her such passion as she tongue-fucked my snatch.

Oh, yes, Sable! I moaned.

Such a fucking bitch, she groaned. Her tongue danced over my pierced clit. 

Yep. And you're such a cunt, Sable. A cunt with a yummy cunt! I giggled at that then gasped as she suckled on my pierced clit.

My fingers dug into her rump. I loved how she played with my clit piercing between her nurses on my bud. I danced my tongue around her little bud, stroking the nylon cord of her fishnet in the process. Her tart juices dribbled over my chin.

I suckled on her clit. She did the same to mine. She squirmed on me as I gave her such bliss. I knew I was driving her wild. I wanted to make her explode in such rapture. She would have such a huge explosion of bliss. It would be a beautiful moment.

I couldn't wait for it to consume her. I suckled hard on her pussy as she squirmed on me. It was delicious loving her snatch. I was having so much fun sliding my tongue over her clit. I danced over her bud. She trembled on me.

Fuck, she hissed. You disgusting witch, make me cum!

Mmm, yes, I purred. Love making stuck-up rich cunts cum!

She nibbled my clit with her teeth. I gasped at the burst of painful sparks that shot through me. My legs spasmed. I moaned and suckled hard on her bud. It felt so good. She flicked her tongue over my bud, soothing it.

My orgasm rose in me. It was so hot sixty-nining with Sable. I suckled on her bud with all my might. Her butt-cheeks clenched beneath me. Her tongue fluttered against my clit piercing, flicking it up and down. The wire twisted through my sensitive flesh, stimulating parts of me she could never reach.

I moaned into her twat, my heart pounding so fast. I couldn't take much more of this. My pussy clenched as she suckled on my clit again. I nibbled on hers. We both squirmed and moaned, filling the classroom with our lezzie passion.

Fuck! gasped Sable.

Her tart juices gushed out and bathed my mouth.

I drowned in her cream as she licked at my clit one more time. My entire body bucked as my orgasm burst through me. My cunt spasmed, drenching her in my pussy cream. My spicy juices flooded out of me.

Fucking bitch! hissed Sable. Yes! Yes!

I'm a fucking witch! I moaned and licked at her cunt, sliding over the fishnet cords. I lapped up her tart juices with such hunger.

She tasted so good. I loved her delicious cunt. I stroked my tongue over her folds as she did the same to mine. We trembled on the ground, both of us reveling in the passion that had consumed us. It was a beautiful moment.

Just a wonderful delight. Stars danced before my eyes as my orgasm drowned my mind. It was fantastic. More and more bliss swept through me. More and more ecstasy spilled over my thoughts. It was a fabulous passion.

Fuck, Sable moaned as she squirmed on me, rubbing her hot cunt across my face.

Mmm, I purred, my tongue sweeping over her folds.

My orgasm crested in me. She lapped at my snatch as I shuddered beneath her. She whimpered on me. I enjoyed this so much. It was hot making love to a bitch who loathed me. Love and hate. So close to each other. 

They were just different forms of passion. 

She sat up, smothering me with her pussy. I groaned as I snorkeled in her cunt for a moment, unable to breathe. She rose a moment later, standing above me. I panted as she stood on her heeled boots. She stared down at me.

I'll take the teacher, she purred. Mmm, you are a good fuck, witch.

I know.

She paused. Next time you have to make a sacrifice, you better take me to watch your back. If Charles had caught you...

Concerned about me? 

About getting my reward if Charles destroys Zach before he gains power. Sable bent down and picked up her dress. Though it would be fun to watch what Charles will do to you for killing his mother.

He'd do it to you, too. You chose your side. No backing out now.

I know. Sable glanced down at me, her lips smeared in my pussy cream. She smiled. Her green eyes burned with this sadistic and eager light. I shuddered at how sociopathic she was. This is going to be so much fun. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lewis Zachary Zach Black

The moment Susannah had to go off to her second-period PE and I had to go to Ms. Carlyle's math class, I worried. I hated having her wandering around without me with Charles loose on the classroom. He had to be taken out. And soon.

The problem with murdering someone was the police. Moira got lucky. Mrs. Swartzenburg came back to life. There would be no investigation. No chance for the clues to lead back to her. We were careful with the porn shop guy. We had no connection to him.

How could we kill Charles without blowback? His father was powerful. When he died, he would want answers. We had to build up a power base here. We had to be ready to weather the controversy. No, there couldn't be a controversy. 

He had to die in a manner that didn't connect back to me. 

I thought about that as much as I worried about Susannah out in the halls. Charles needed to be brought low. He had to be exposed for something. That was an interesting idea. I didn't have to kill him, necessarily.

I just had to break his power and ensure the authorities swept him up. Frame him for something. That was tough, too. And he had that power. That charm. He could get any woman to try and kill me. My skin ran tight.

He could get any of the many girls and teachers at the school to try to kill me with his powers.

Fuck.

Moira had to cast a spell to break that power of his. That had to be the first goal.

I felt better having an idea for a plan. A beginning to build upon. I had been weak the last few days. I had avoided doing what I should have, and it had been a disaster. Moira went off and cast the spell on her own because she knew I was distracted. She knew she could get away with it.

I had let my drive to succeed be blunted by my emotions for my desire. I wanted to keep her out of this, but she was involved. She always had been. She was my mother. She brought me into this world. And she had been a pawn of my father.

I had to find him. Find him and know why he had set this up and abandoned us.

Charles!

Susannah's shout cut through the noise of the hallway. I turned around, relief flooding through me. She was safe. He wouldn't try anything at school, but it was glorious to see her. Sable and Moira could take care of themselves, but now Susannah.

Shame I can't get too far from you, Nisha said.

I nodded and thought something as Susannah rushed to me.

Let's find out if I can do that, Nisha said. She was a part of me, my thought form. And yet she wasn't. She had her own way of thinking that wasn't mine. She could see patterns that I couldn't. 

Susannah threw her arms around me and gave me a chaste kiss on the cheek. Other students smirked at us as they passed. I didn't care. I put my arm around her. It was the lunch period, but I wasn't hungry. I needed to make sure every inch of Susannah was okay.

And to test the idea.

Come on, I said, changing direction to the flow of students. Let's go talk to Ms. Rayne.

Sure, Zach, Susannah said, her cheeks blushing slightly. She knew what we would be doing in there.

Nisha ghosted after us. It would be great if this would work. We navigated the students. They thinned as we neared Ms. Rayne's classroom. I opened the door and found the succubus sitting at her desk. She glanced up at us.

Mmm, do you need me to leave? she asked.

Of course not, I said. We're here to do some extra credit work. Can't have that if you leave.

Then I get the joy of watching. She licked her lips. Do you want me to join in?

Just watch. I didn't trust the succubus and sex. Not when Moira wasn't here. I glanced at Nisha. She stood in the hallway. I closed the door, seeing if she could stay out there. It closed. I could see her through the window set in the door.

I backed away from it. The moment I lost line of sight with her, she appeared inside the classroom. She shook her head. It looked like she had to be in my awareness, I supposed. Being outside a shower curtain was one thing, but a solid door...

Oh, well. It was a good try. 

Chapter Four

Lewis Zachary Zach Black

I turned to say something to Susannah only to find my secret sister-wife kneeling before me. She unzipped my fly and reached in to pull out my cock. I shuddered at the warmth of her hand on my dick. She stroked up and down me. 

Mmm, I've been worried about you all day long, she said. That nasty Charles is around, and his mother is a demon. The Lord needs to keep a good eye on you. I hope Nisha is around.

She is, I said, glancing to my thought form. My guardian angel is right there.

Nisha smiled, her big breasts quivering. Then she... sprouted white wings. She had this almost angelic look on her face as Susannah let out a relieved sigh before she swallowed my cock. I groaned at her hot mouth engulfing my dick.

Mmm, Nisha the angel, purred Ms. Rayne. Is that what she really is?

Of course, I said, shooting the succubus a warning look. 

And she doesn't care that you associate with a witch? The succubus arched an eyebrow, this wicked gleam in her eyes.

Susannah ripped her mouth off my cock and gasped, The Lord can use any sinner. Moira cares deeply for our brother.

Such faith, purred Ms. Rayne as Susannah slid her lips over my cock.

My girlfriend/wife suckled with such passion on my dick. She nursed on me with such defiant passion. I groaned as the succubus nodded. Had she provoked Susannah to really blow me? To give me even more pleasure?

She was a succubus. Skilled at manipulating mortals.

I savored the hungry mouth nursing on my dick. It was a passionate feeling that hot mouth working up and down my dick. I shuddered at how hard she suckled. The pleasure shot through me. I slid my fingers through Susannah's blonde hair.

She nursed on me and winked. She suckled hard with her delicious mouth. She suckled on me with passion. I enjoyed every last second of her bobbing her head. She worked on me with wild passion. It was fantastic.

My nuts twitched as she loved me with all her might. She worked that delicious mouth up and down my dick. She suckled harder. I groaned as I glanced at Nisha. She smiled at me, her hands rubbing her tits.

Mmm, she is inspired, Nisha said. 

I nodded, loving having Susannah nursing on me. My sister-wife suckled hard on me. It was wild having her as my secret half-sister. No one in the school knew that they were witnessing incest every time they saw us kiss.

No one would ever know that we had the same father. It would be our delicious secret. I stroked my fingers through her blonde hair as she suckled on me harder. Faster. She brought me closer and closer to erupting.

That's so good, I groaned. Damn, you got a mouth.

She winked at me.

I loved how she suckled on me with all that passion. She brought me closer and closer to erupting into her mouth. I loved it so much. My nuts twitched as she bobbed her head. She worked her mouth up and down my dick.

That was perfect. It was a delicious treat to have her nursing on me. She suckled hard. My nuts tightened. I gripped the sides of her head. Her blue eyes stared up at me as she suckled with all her might on my dick. She moaned around me.

Susannah, I groaned.

Dump your cum in her mouth, cooed Ms. Rayne. Just flood her with all that spunk. She craves it so much.

Susannah moaned her agreement. She suckled so hard on me. I groaned at the passion of her sucking. The force reached down to my nuts. I groaned, her cheeks hollowing from her passion. She loved me with all that she had.

Susannah, I groaned.

Give her that cum, moaned Ms. Rayne.

Yes, Master, Nisha said, her angelic wings fluttering. That's right. Give her that jizz! Love her!

I stared down into Susannah's blue eyes. She loved me so much. I could see it in her eyes. I had her by my side. I would crush Charles. The pressure in my balls hit that bursting point. I erupted into my sister-wife's mouth.

The pleasure slammed into my mind. Stars flashed across my vision. I savored that bliss burning across my sight. It was fantastic to feel. I loved every last second of pumping my cum into her mouth. I unloaded again and again. 

The pleasure slammed into my mind with each blast. Each eruption sent more ecstasy surging through my body. I loved the bliss. The rapture. She suckled hard, working out my jizz and gulping it down with all her passion.

Fuck, Susannah! 

I erupted one last time into her mouth. She suckled down the cum. She swallowed it all. She ripped her mouth off my dick and stared up at me. Cum dripped down her chin. She flicked her tongue out to gather it.

Oh, yes, I needed that, Zach. Ms. Rayne's right. She's such a naughty succubus. She rose. I know... I know you keep some things from me, but you don't have to protect me.

I want to protect your innocence. I gripped her shoulders. I want you to be able to smile. So you don't have to worry about anything.

Of course I do. Charles is a threat and his mother is a demon, but I know you'll prevail. I have faith. She spun around. And love. I can help you out, Zach. I can. I want to.

You are plenty of help, I said as she bent over a desk. I flipped up her skirt. she wore a pair of white panties with pink frills around the waistband. So cute and virginal. You keep me grounded. Give me another reason to fight. Not just the world, but for you and Mom. I want to break the demonic grip on the world. Create something new.

You will, she purred as I pulled down her panties. I exposed her peachy ass and her blonde bush dripping with juices. We'll build a wonderful world for our children to inherit.
I hesitated before plunging my cock into her pussy. You're not on the pill, are you?

No, she said.

Let's get you on that, I said as I pressed my cock into her butt-crack. It's too soon for you to get pregnant. We're not even officially married yet.

I'll talk to my mom, Susannah said. Or Moira. I bet she can cast a spell to do it.

Probably, I said as I pressed my dick onto her butt-crack. Talk to Moira. Better than having you on the pill. That means doctors. You're supposed to be a good Christian girl practicing abstinence.

Yes, she purred. Ooh, ooh, such a good girl. No sex before marriage for me. Now fuck my ass so hard, Zach. I love it up the ass.

As much as you love eating Sable's pussy? I asked in a joking way.

Of course not, she purred. I love your cock more than her pussy. She's the second-best thing in the world. You're the first. Mom's the third. Then your mom. Moira's in there, too, I guess. You're all my lovers. Just the way God wanted it. Great men have their harems.

Such faith, Ms. Rayne said, rolling her eyes. 

Yes, Susannah said as I drilled against her asshole. Lord, thank you for choosing me to be your servant's loving wife and to give him pleasure with all of my body. Thank you for rewarding me with such pleasure for submitting to your will. Amen.

Amen, I groaned as her anal ring stretched and stretched. I drilled harder against her asshole, hoping spit would be enough lube.

She moaned as her asshole swallowed my cock. I sank into her bowels. Her hot and velvety hole massaged my dick. It reveled in sinking deeper and deeper into her anal sheath. It felt so wonderful being in her backdoor.

She groaned as I bottomed out in her. I planted my hands on the desk on either side of her. She squirmed there, her anal sheath squeezing about me. She groaned in delight. She loved it up the ass. She was such a slut.

I loved it.

I drew back my cock, my sister-wife groaning. She squeezed down around me. I loved the feel of her bowels massaging my dick. I slammed back into her. My crotch slapped into her butt-cheeks. They jiggled from the impact.

Perfect.

I pumped away at her anal sheath. I thrust into her asshole with hard strokes. I fucked her again and again, reveling in the heat of her asshole squeezing around my dick. She massaged me with such delicious passion.

I loved it so much. I savored the heat of her bowels gripping my dick. I fucked away at her. I pounded her with force. She groaned as I buried into her cunt over and over again. I loved how I fucked her hard and fast.

Zach! Zach! Zach! she moaned, her blonde hair tossing. Yes, yes, I love you! I love you so much!

Fuck, Susannah, I grunted. Oh, fuck, you're amazing!

I thrust into her anal sheath again and again. I loved burying to the hilt in her anal sheath. She had such a tight asshole. Just a perfect one I loved how she gripped me. The pressure built and built in my nuts. I would have a huge explosion of jizz.

Just a mighty burst of cum. I couldn't wait for all my spunk to erupt into her asshole. I wanted to spurt every last drop of cum into her bowels. My nuts swelled with the pressure. I loved how hard she squeezed down on my dick.

She gripped the desk that creaked beneath her as I fucked her asshole with hard strokes. I pounded her with everything that I had. She whimpered. Her bowels clamped down hard on my cock, increasing the pressure in my nuts.

Zach! she moaned.

Yes, yes, cum on his cock, the succubus purred. Just climax on him. Show him that you're a slut!

His loving wife-slut! moaned Susannah. His sister-whore! Always!

I slammed into her bowels. Her asshole convulsed around my dick. I loved how she gripped my dick. She held me tight. She massaged me with that hot asshole, her flesh suckling at me. I groaned, drawing back.

Cum in me, Zach! she squealed.

Cum in her! Ms. Rayne moaned, squeezing her tits through her blouse. Flood the bible-thumping whore!

I slammed to the hilt in Susannah's asshole and erupted.

Zach! she squealed as my hot cum pumped into her bowels. 

I grunted, erupting over and over into her anal sheath. I flooded her bowels with such delight. It was a perfect moment. I spurted again and again into her anal sheath. It was a mighty delight to have all that pleasure sweeping through me. 

I shuddered with each eruption of jizz into her spasming bowels. Her anal sheath suckled about me. Her asshole worked out my spunk. My nuts emptied themselves in her anal sheath. I filled her to the brim with all that cum.

It was a magnificent delight. A true passion. I savored it so much. I grunted, Nisha watching. Her wings fluttered behind her. Those new angel wings that had sprouted because I thought of her as an angel. I believed it to be her for a moment.

To lie to Susannah, I had to believe in it.

I groaned and ripped my cock out of Susannah's asshole. I erupted one last time, splashing across her rump. I had to experiment with Nisha. My thought form could be even more useful than I thought if I could figure some things out.

Mmm, that was so wondrous, Zach, Susannah said.

Yeah, I said, putting my cock away and zipping up. So wonderful.

Don't put your dick away dirty. Let me clean it up.

I was about to say something when the door burst open and Sable marched in on her thigh-high boots, her skirt short and showing off her fishnet stockings. She folded her arms across her chest and smiled at me.

I thought you were in here, she purred. Mmm, it's my turn to play with her. I hadn't enjoyed any good quality time with my slave.

Of course, Zach said. Susannah, you're second-favorite lover is here.

Mistress, whimpered Susannah. She slipped off the desk and knelt on the floor. She was so excited to be dominated. 

Have fun, I said and marched for the door. Outside in the hallway, I glanced at Nisha. We have to practice. I want you to stay there. You can stay there. You can stand there, out of my sight.

She nodded as I focused on that. She could stay there. She could be out of my sight. I believed it. I had brought her in through discipline, and I would master this new way to use her. I just needed purity of thought. I focused on it as I marched down the hallway and rounded the corner. I kept walking. She was outside the classroom. 

I turned around. No Nisha. She could be apart from me. That was a fact. A reality. 

Go into the classroom, I commanded. It was another reality that I could speak to her like this. Another belief that I made concrete. 

Yes, Master, she whispered. I'm phasing through the door. My, my, that's delicious.

Describe it. I leaned against the wall and closed my eyes, listening to Nisha's blow-by-blow of what Sable did to Susannah. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Susannah Augustine

CRACK!

My butt-cheeks clenched from Mistress's hand slapping down on my ass. I whimpered, bent over the same desk that my brother-husband had fucked me on. He had pounded my asshole so hard. His cum leaked out of my butthole and down my taint to my pussy. 

CRACK!

Mistress, I breathed, the heat of her spank melting down to my pussy. I wiggled here, loving that delight. 

CRACK!

You've been so bad, slave, Sable purred, both my butt-cheeks jiggling. Do you know why?

No, Mistress! 

CRACK!

You haven't been available for me. Too busy with Zach. She squeezed my burning rump. He might love you, but I own your ass!

Yes, Mistress! I groaned. I knew it was pointless to protest that I was just doing what Zach wanted. That I was his wife, and that had to come first. I'm so sorry, Mistress. 

CRACK!

But you'll do it again, won't you? You'll be a naughty slave and choose him over me.

Yes! I moaned. Always, Mistress! 

CRACK!

I groaned, my eyes rolling back in my head at how wonderful that felt. It was delicious having the heat melting through my body. My butt-cheeks clenched tight. My pussy grew hotter and hotter. More cum spilled out of my asshole. 

CRACK!

I bucked on the desk. Ms. Rayne watched, her eyes smoking hot as she witnessed me being disciplined. Her hand was so strong. So amazing. She knew how to discipline me. It was wonderful to have slapping down on my rump. 

CRACK!

Mistress! I gasped. My head tossed back and forth. Oh, yes, yes, I was such a bad, bad slave! Punish me! 

CRACK!

Mmm, that was a good one, cooed Ms. Rayne.

I quivered, tears building in my eyes. It hurt so wonderfully to be spanked by Sable. She knew just how to make my ass burn. I was in heaven here. Just this wonderful rush of bliss. I couldn't wait for the next one.

Mistress, I whimpered. I was so horribly bad! I have Zach's cum leaking out of my asshole.  He was fucking me when I could have been servicing you! 

CRACK!

Little brat, hissed Mistress. She swiped a finger through my butt-crack. She held out her fingers before my face, the digits coated in her cum. You want this, don't you?
Yes, I whimpered.

She popped her digits into her mouth.

I groaned, squirming there. More cum leaked out of my asshole. I loved that hot trickle. She moved around me, her boots clicking on the floor. That sounded so delicious. I quivered there, my ass on fire. My pussy, too.

All that cum, she purred. She grabbed my butt-cheeks. She parted them.

I gasped at the burning pain blazing across my rump. Her fingernails bit into my butt-cheeks. She ducked her head down into my ass-crack. I shuddered as she licked up the cum leaking out of my asshole. I shuddered as she flicked her tongue over my asshole.

I shuddered as her tongue stroked over my anal ring. I loved how she did that. This wonderful heat washed through me. I loved how she dragged her tongue over my asshole. She stroked me, gathering up more of the jizz.

Mmm, that's what you want, purred Sable. I love his cum, too.

Yes, Mistress, I whimpered.

She nuzzled her lips into my pussy. Her tongue thrust into my cunt. She danced it around in my snatch. I couldn't believe she was tonguing me. I quivered in delight, the pleasure flooding through me. I loved it so much.

She popped her mouth from my pussy and smacked her lips. She purred her delight. She loved the taste of my pussy. Ms. Rayne watched on, her legs crossed tightly. The succubus wore such a hungry look in her eyes. 

Two fingers thrust into my cunt. I gasped as Mistress filled me up. I moaned at what she did to me. She worked her digits in and out of my cunt. She felt how wet I was. I trembled, so eager to have a nice cum. I was in heaven right here.

I wanted to have such a big orgasm. 

She pulled her digits out and pinched my clit instead. I gasped as her fingernails bit into my bud. Pain exploded through my cunt. My back arched, pressing my boobs, through my blouse and bra, into the desk. I whimpered. 

Mistress! I gasped, her fingernails so cruel. Pain throbbed from my bud. I gasped at how much this hurt. Mistress!

I own you, she purred, twisting my clit now. 

The knife-hot agony stabbed into my snatch. My pussy convulsed. My orgasm exploded through me.

I bucked on the desk, cumming from the pain. From the abuse. My body bucked on the desk as the pleasure swept through me. Stars flashed across my vision. I groaned as my pussy juices gushed out of her.

You are mine! 

Yours Mistress! I squealed, the rapturous pain sweeping through me. Yours and Zach's!

She pinched my clit harder.

Always Zach's and yours! I howled.

She released my clit and laughed as I trembled through the ecstasy. The rapture drowned my mind. Such an intense delight. The desk creaked beneath me as the pleasure swept over me. It was fabulous to enjoy. I loved every last second of this. Every last moment of this passion. 

I quivered through the rapture. I hit that wondrous peak. I crested through the bliss, my clit pulsing in pain. I squirmed there, my panties bunched around my knees. My eyes blinked, tears spilling down my cheeks.

I can never beat him, Sable said. Him or that cunt.

Moira, Mistress?

I'm going to need your help in recruiting the bodyguards, said Sable. I need you to be an example of a good slave. Those women will be mine and Zach's. We shall own them, and you have to inspire them.

I will, Mistress, I panted, sniffing. My ass hurt so much. My clit burned. Do you need me to cum?

Lunch is almost over. Go clean yourself up. Don't want anyone thinking Zach made you cry.

Only you make me cry, Mistress, I said as I straightened.

She paused and smiled at that. Yes, I do. She cupped my face. Don't forget that.

She kissed me with hunger. With such possession. I quivered, the pain melting away at her passion. I wasn't lying to Zach. I loved her second. If Zach hadn't been in my life, I would have become her lesbian slave. I would have fallen into sin, but Zach had saved me.

Sable broke the kiss. Now get back to doting on your boyfriend, slave.

Yes, Mistress, I purred. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Detective Annette Carson

I pulled up at the expensive house. It was here that Jenny Lamb's phone had last pinged. An expensive house. I had no idea who lived here. Maybe the mysterious boy. I climbed out of my car and peered through the gate. 

A white BMW with the same last digits as the partial plate I received from Jenny's husband and son. I pressed a call box. A buzzer rang then the gate opened without a word. I climbed back into my car and pulled inside.

I parked it and rang the doorbell. 

In moments, a beautiful and mature woman with blonde hair wearing a low-cut, white dress that hugged her body like a sheath. A trophy wife with dazzling eyes. She smiled at the sight of me, her crimson lips parting.

Mmm, yes? she purred. 

I'm Detective Carson with the Pierce County Sheriff's Department, and I have a few questions. May I come in?

Sure, sure, the woman said and opened the door. It was a large, open space with stone tiles. A faint smell of bleach filled the air. The furniture was new and modern, but there wasn't as much decoration as I would have thought. How can I help you, Detective?

Spring cleaning? I asked.

Oh, my son and I just moved in, she said. She motioned to a picture of a young man in a school uniform. He was maybe sixteen or nineteen. It was hard to tell. Right there on the verge of boy to man. He had blond hair, matching the description.

And who are you and your son? I asked as she led me to the couch. We sat on it.

Oh, I'm Eleanor Swartzenburg, and my son is Charles. She smiled. He's a good boy.

Do you know a woman named Jenny Lamb? I asked. 

She leaned back. Oh, yes, yes, Jenny. She was my son's lover. She spent the night in his room.

His lover? I stared at her. You don't care that she was a woman your age?

I was proud of him. He's quite the lady's man. Takes after his father. 

And she left?

This morning, said Mrs. Swartzenburg. She leaned back, crossing her leg. The large diamond on her wedding ring gleamed. My son went to school, and she went... Wherever. I really don't know.
She didn't return to her home. Her husband is worried about her.

He shouldn't have married such a whore. A smile played on the woman's lips. The racket that they made last night. The things that woman moaned. I hardly got any sleep.

Would your son know where she is?

Maybe. She shrugged. He's sixteen. He doesn't tell me everything.

What school does he attend? I asked. This was... strange. The mother's reactions were unusual. And the story the husband and son told of Charles just showing up and making Jenny perform sex acts before them... Something was off. Where had she gone?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Charles Ludwig Swartzenburg II

I set in Ms. Rayne's class, thinking how to take out Zach. The girls were all casting me hot eyes, including the slutty teacher. She dressed like a tramp in her low-cut blouse and short skirts. She clearly wanted to be noticed.

My phone vibrated. It was a text from Mother. A female detective is coming to talk to you about Jenny Lamb. You should seize this opportunity.

A wave of fear washed through me. The police had connected me to my sacrifice... Then I noticed that last word. Opportunity? What opportunity was this? I reread the text and it clicked in my mind. A female detective...

That was perfect. 

To be continued...
