Kathleen Goes Commando
by hockeydude ©

They had been good friends for some time, co-workers for longer. She was 
attractive, young, beautiful, but a bit to dedicated to her career for a 
boyfriend. He was the same, but to busy at work for a girlfriend. So they 
hung out, almost like a couple, but always keeping it light. They new they 
were attracted to each other, but had promised for now to just be the 
friends they enjoyed in each other.

That all changed one afternoon. Kathleen decided she wanted to play a 
little, test Joel's sexual patience. She had plans to go out that 
afternoon and get some new clothes, specifically some new lingerie and 
wanted a companion. Joel didn't know what she had planned, but he sure 
would enjoy it.

He picked her up at her place and they headed to the mall. She was dressed 
unassumingly in a pair low rise jeans, and a loose fitting halter top. No 
knickers! They walked through a few stores before she was able to coax him 
into Victoria's Secret. Joel was a bit reluctant as all guys are, but also 
confused. Should not want to think of Kathleen in the sexy things she 
could buy in there, almost sisterly as he had always thought of her or if 
he should just go in for some fun and fantasize as he liked to do about 
his sexy "friend". He decided to go in and see how it went. They were just 
friends. 

Kathleen decided to make him squirm right away and picked up the first 
thong she saw and asked him what he thought. Dropped jawed he mentioned 
something but he wasn't quiet sure what. A white sheer bra was next. "No, 
maybe in black?" holding it up in front of her. He didn't know what to 
think. She found a lacy set next, and asked him to help her find her size. 
He was spellbound. 34C, each bra he touched his mind went one notch from 
"friend" to thoughts of how hot she might look in that 34C white lace bra 
and matching thong. 34C he had always thought her breasts were just right, 
wow, they were. Big, but not to big, small but not small. He imagined what 
they might look like. 

Several items later, Kathleen headed for the dressing room. Joel found a 
nearby chair and hoped his heart might stop racing. No luck, he could see 
her bare legs through the bottom of the door, and could see her slide each 
thong on and off. He could feel sweat on his forehead and a nervousness 
come over him. He saw her take off the last thong she had brought in with 
her and pull on her jeans. She came out and said she liked all but the 
last set and was going to get the rest. Joel felt a bit risky as he asked 
her which one was the sexiest. She held up the first, the lacy white one. 

They left and decided to have lunch before heading off. Kathleen started 
the conversation at lunch and asked Joel when the last time he had had 
sex. It had been many, many months before. Kathleen said it had been 
longer for her and that she needed to have some soon, to relax, to 
recharge, and feel sexy. Joel was going a million miles a minute in his 
head, visions of white lace raced through his mind as Kathleen said she 
wanted to change the whole friend thing they had even if it was just for a 
night, tonight. "Are you interested, Joel?" She asked after he didn't 
respond to her subtle hints that she wanted him to be her boy toy. He 
didn't know what to say, and couldn't really get his lips to move. She was 
incredibly hot and had been playing with his mind all day, heck yeah he 
wanted to have sex. "Yyyess… yes!"

They agreed that he would pick her up later that day and they would go to 
the best hotel in town and spend the night. Since it had been months for 
both of them and they had already decided to have sex they decided to skip 
the dinner and just screw. As he dropped her off at home, she whispered in 
his each that she hadn't been wearing knickers their whole shopping trip. 
He just stared at her incredible ass as she walked to her door. He looked 
down to the passenger seat and saw the white lace thong on the seat. God 
the next few hours were going to feel like forever. He went home and 
chilled amazed that his hot "friend" wanted to do a bit more tonight, he 
had dreamed of this countless times, but respected their agreement and 
hadn't even mentioned his thoughts.

On the way to her house he picked up flowers. Kathleen answered the door 
wearing a short black skirt and a stretch white blouse, very hot Joel 
thought to himself. He offered her the knickers that had been on the seat. 
She thanked him and said she could now finish getting dressed. She told 
him if he hadn't brought them she would have had to go without again. 
Right in front of him she pulled her thong on, making a production of it. 
She made sure he checked out her nude colored stockings, and asked him 
what he thought of her ass in the thong. He had dreams of what she might 
look like, but the reality of seeing her skin was unbelievable. As they 
walked to the car, Kathleen on his arm he couldn't help but think of why 
they had tried so hard to stay friends, just friends. They were great 
friends, the only thing missing to a great relationship was "sex", and he 
sure liked how it felt thinking of her in that way.

At the hotel he asked for the best room they had, a suite with city views 
and a private balcony was offered. That will surely due. As soon as the 
door closed, Kathleen attacked Joel, planting a kiss of all kisses on him. 
They made out for what seemed like forever. He held her head, caressed her 
ass, tried to hide his now rock hard cock. Kathleen seemed focused on 
touching it no matter where he squirmed it away. The explored their room, 
finding a great tub and shower which would surely be fun, a king sized bed 
with feather bed, a balcony that was huge they could easily have sex 
outside without having to show the world what they were doing. Back inside 
Kathleen asked Joel if he wanted a drink from the mini bar. As she bent 
over to get the soda he could tell she had taken off the thong she had 
made such a production of putting on. God she was hot. He wanted to see 
all of her, but in time. 

As they shared the soda, Joel started to unbutton Kathleen's blouse, 1 
button for each sip. When the last button was undone she let the blouse 
fall from her shoulders exposing that white lace bra from earlier and the 
most perfect set of breast Joel had ever seen. He could see her nipples 
through the lace. They were hard and pushing out. Her blouse fell to the 
floor. Kathleen reached behind her and unzipped her skirt, but didn't push 
it off, she stood there looking into Joel's eyes. She took Joel's belt 
off, kissing his neck and running her hands over him. His shirt came off 
and with that Kathleen took her time getting his pants off. Joel was 
enjoying the attention and hoping that her each movement would cause her 
skirt to fall off and let him see her. No luck until she had him just in 
his boxers with his cock standing at attention, the tip almost pocking 
out. In her excitement, her skirt slid down her hips. Joel had to take in 
the beautiful sight. There was his friend, a hot gorgeous babe, standing 
in front of him in a lace bra he helped her pick out, stockings and heels. 
Her snatch was clear of hair, perfectly smooth. Holy cow, he had never 
seen a bare snatch in real life, countless magazines, but never in real 
life.

They moved to the inviting bed and after a bit of kissing, and caressing 
it was time to actually have sex. Joel and removed Kathleen's bra, but 
left her stockings on. He moved between her legs staring in her eyes. He 
asked her if she wanted to do this, she didn't speak. She just grabbed his 
cock and directed it to her waiting snatch and pulled him towards her. She 
screamed out in delight. She was so wet; Joel could slide all the way in 
with one push. It had been to long for both of them, but each for some 
reason figured there wouldn't be such a wait before the next time. 

