Testosterone
by Isabella

I was sitting in the usual backless gown at the hospital, I was no stranger to showing my arse off to all and sundry in our local hospital, when I was six years old, I was sent to see a Paediatric Growth Consultant by my GP, I was a foot taller than any other girl in my year group and from the age of six to sixteen, ten years, I'd been to four consultations with my specialist every year, forty visits in total and they always followed the same pattern, a visit to my GP for a gallon of blood to be drawn out of my arm to be sent off for a battery of tests.

The only thing that the specialist could find was lowered oestrogen and progesterone production and massively high testosterone levels, my consultant told me that in the whole country, there were only five girls of my age with testosterone levels anywhere close to my levels, and one of those girls actually had a vestigial penis complete with balls, a true androgynous or hermaphrodite, she could have been registered as either sex but her mother wanted a girl, so she was registered as a girl but she wasn't having any real problems because her female half was working normally as was her male half, so she was in balance, unlike me.

So, at the tender age of six years old, I was started out on birth control patches, a mixture of low levels of both oestrogen and progesterone and every four months, I would be weighed, measured, vital statistics recorded and my hormone levels checked and rebalanced. Eventually the daily patches were replaced by implants once every three months while I was at my quarterly consultation.

When I reached sixteen, I was moved from the Paediatric Growth Consultant and over to the adult version but my quarterly visit turned into an annual visit and that wasn't always kept, if there was an influenza outbreak my appointment would be dropped and I'd be told to come back in a year's time. Corona Virus made it closer to three years between visits, even though I'd still had my annual blood tests, just no visit to the specialist to find out how things were going.

I'd been sitting around with my arse hanging out the back of my gown for over an hour when the doctor called me into his office, he smiled at me, "It's been quite a long time...I'm sorry about that...so, how has the last year been?"

"Worse than the year before and the year before that!"

"Worse in what way?"

"I think my drive has gone, my sex life with my husband is almost nonexistent..." I checked my diary, flicked through a whole year, "...we didn't have sex once in the last twelve months and only three times in the twelve months before that but the twelve months before that it was at least weekly and four years ago, I had sex at least once a day...now...some days, I can't seem to drag myself out of bed!"

He had a worried look on his face as he checked three years worth of blood tests, "From six years old to your twentieth birthday, you had a testosterone level that was ten times higher than average for a woman of your age and the last three years, your testosterone level is one tenth the level that I'd call worryingly low...what changed in your life three years ago?"

"Well, I got married and moved from the village into Northampton, a nice apartment in the town centre!"

"Well, this sudden drop could be indicative of ovarian cancer...but, I'd only expect a fifty percent drop in testosterone level if that were the case because fifty percent of your natural testosterone is produced by the ovaries and the other fifty percent is manufactured in the adrenal gland...but I'm going to send you to oncology for them to prod and poke you about, see how things are on that front."

I had to laugh, for seventeen years, I'd been given female hormones to counteract the excess of male ones that my body was making and suddenly, my body had stopped producing the testosterone and that was causing a massive problem for me, without my normal drives, I could lose my job, and not offering sex to my husband could make him look elsewhere for home comforts and could eventually cost me my marriage.

As I sat with my arse still hanging out of my hospital gown after six hours, just a different collection of men walking past and looking at my bare bum while I was waiting for the oncologist to see me, I remembered back to when I was eleven years old, I was introduced to sex, I was watching our schools first eleven football team playing Oakham Grammar's team, a ball came free of the pitch, it was a wild pass, so wild that it sailed over the spectators heads. I was so tall at eleven that I stood head and shoulders above all the other girls, even girls five years older than me...well I just reached up and picked the ball out of thin air.

Chris Gold, our team's captain, ran over to me, thanked me for catching the ball and as he started to back away from me, he whispered, "I don't half fancy you darling!"

I was shocked...shocked and excited, what eleven year old girl wouldn't be...having a sixteen year old 'Jock' telling her In front of twenty of her class mates that be fancied her.

We'd been watching football all morning, it was actually our time to be playing hockey but the school had needed all of the sports field for the number of football pitches that it needed to hold the football competition so we all just ended up watching, rather than taking part in sports. It had been a knockout competition and in the end, we'd won the whole competition and as the cup was being presented to Chris, my class mates ran for position in the food queue, I hung out by the changing rooms exit instead of thinking of my belly.

After ten minutes, I worried that Chris may have left the changing rooms through the school to get his lunch. Just as I was about to give up, Chris walked out, he smiled at me and wrapped his right arm over my shoulder and pushed me toward the rear boundary fence.

There were ten bushes on the school side of the fence and as we approached, it looked like a flock of Red Indians were announcing the final score of the football competition to the town using smoke signals but when we reached the bushes all we found were ten West Indians smoking cigarettes of dubious origin.

We stood as far away from the Rastafarian Bredren as we could but still be hidden by the bushes from the school...okay not perfect for my first foray into intimacy, a private place with just ten people looking on, not that they seemed to care, they were already mellowed out by their partaking of their religious herbs.

Chris kissed me for a few minutes and then he whispered, "Have you ever touched a circumcised cock before?"

I smiled at him and shook my head, I was sure that I hadn't touched a circumcised cock before, because I'd never touched any cocks in my life before.

He stepped back and let his trousers drop to the ground, even though we had an audience of ten boys close by.

I reached out and took his cock in my hand and as I did, he reached under my dress and tried to pull the crotch of my knickers to one side, he actually complained that my knickers were too tight.

I dropped his cock and pulled my knickers down and stepped out of them.

Chris had a shocked look on his face, "Girls never let me take their knickers all the way off in school, I always have to fiddle about up a leg hole!"

I pulled him back in close, I'd taken his cock in my hand and now I was bending my knees, lining my cunt up with his cock and I was actually humping my fanny at him, he gasped, "What the hell are you doing, I could make you pregnant!"

I shook my head, "You can't, I'm on birth control implants!"

"Well forgive me if I seem sceptical but girls often say that they're on birth control when they aren't...to try and snag a boy into making them pregnant!"

He pulled away from me, his cock slipped out of my cunt, he popped his cock into his trousers then he looked at his hand, it was covered in blood, "What the hell, are you on the rag?"

I turned my left arm over and showed him the three track marks, one fresh, standing proud, one half proud from three months ago and one very faint from just over six months ago, "Birth control implants mean no monthly bleed Chris, that blood was from my hymen rupturing!"

Chris looked thoughtful for a moment, I could almost read his mind, 'Birth control or not, if she is on the rag, I can fuck her anyway, can't make a girl pregnant on her rag week!'

Chris dropped his trousers again and stepped in close again, I pulled him the last few inches and again, I took over and captured his cock, pulling it into my quim and I actually fucked him standing against the fence with twenty eyes looking on.

Even though Chris was older and he was sexually experienced, I fucked him rather than he fucked me, I was only eleven, I was a virgin but it actually scared me a little the way that I took over, it seemed to frighten Chris a little as well, he really wanted to get away from me but I wouldn't allow him to escape until after I'd finished with him.

It seemed to me that I'd been planning something like this for weeks, I'd been to my doctors for my quarterly blood test and then I'd started my first day at 'Big school'. I'd spent four years at Saint Agness' School For The Daughters Of Gentlefolk, six of my class had moved to Roedean School in Brighton, ten other girls went to the less expensive Brouton School for Girls in Broughton Summerset, three other girls went to Bedford Grammar School as 'Day girls' rather than boarders...and that left me, I went to the local comprehensive school because my parents couldn't afford private school fees. So out of twenty girls from my class, I was the only one that would be mixing with boys at school and that prospect had excited me.

When I finally managed to milk Chris' balls and hoover his seed up into my belly, I released my grip on him and he ran away screaming at the top of his lungs.

I looked over at the black kids smoking weed, they were probably so far out of it that they probably wouldn't have made one good screw between the ten of them so I picked my school knickers up off the grass and dropped them into my school bag, I walked to the dining room with Chris' spunk dribbling down the insides of my thighs. I deviated into the girl's toilet on my way to the dining hall to mop myself out but I still didn't bother to put my knickers back on.

As I ate my lunch in the dining room I was like a feral bitch in heat, I was sniffing at every boy that walked past me and was getting some very strange looks from the older boys...even the boys that would usually flirt with any and every girl they saw were giving me a wide berth.

It dawned on me as I was returning to my first lesson of the afternoon that my hormones were screwing with my head, my regular quarterly visit to my specialist was due the following day...I deviated from my path to English room number one and called in at the school nurse to mention that I was a little off balance.

I didn't mention that I may have just raped a boy who was at least four years older than me or that I'd been stalking boys for the past hour to catch another boy in my honey trap. She made me lie on her couch and she monitored my pulse rate, my blood pressure and my temperature, they were all elevated but not worryingly so. My mother was called by the nurse, I'd mentioned that I'd be off the following day for my regular visit to my doctor. Mum was in a meeting so she called my grandfather...my father's father to collect me from school and keep me at his house until mum could get home.

Grandpa fetched me from the sick bay, as we walked to his car, he asked me what happened, I looked over at him nervously...what should I say...should I tell him that an older boy put his cock in my hand and I went a little crazy and tried to rip his cock off with my pussy...

"I think that my hormones are out of balance...good thing I'm seeing Doctor Benson tomorrow...I think I got caught up in all the football euphoria...we won you know, won the whole competition...Kettering Grammar's supporters were claiming our eighty-ninth minute goal was off side and that the final score should have been a draw and that there should have been another fifteen minutes of play either way...I went a little crazy but I knew that it was more than just the argument between my friends and the other school's students so I went to see the nurse to calm down before I got into trouble for acting out in class!"

We drove home in silence, Grandpa Ron piled the cushions at one end of the sofa and asked me if I'd like to lie down..."Is there anything that I can get you darling?"

I was settling down on my back on the sofa...remembering to be careful because I still wasn't wearing any knickers under my school uniform dress..."Ice cream...Chocolate ice cream!"

"I don't think I have any ice cream darling."

"Okay then, I'll make do with strawberry ice cream."

"We don't have any ice cream darling!"

"Okay...vanilla will do at a pinch."

Grandpa shook his head, "No ice cream in my freezer darling."

I let my voice develop a little growl, "Why the hell did you offer me ice cream in the first place if you knew that you didn't have any bloody ice cream in your freezer?"

My grandfather knew that when my hormones went out of balance, it was often the testosterone that overpowered my oestrogen and progesterone hormones and I became aggressive so in an effort to placate me, my grandfather said, "Shall we go to the village shop and see if they have any ice cream?"

I nodded my head, then I placed a restraining hand on his forearm, "Chocolate Ice Cream!"

He nodded his head, "Yes, okay, if they have any chocolate ice cream."

I rolled off of the sofa and followed my grandfather out of the house. As we walked towards the village shop, I was soon ahead of my grandfather, I had at least a thirty inch stride because I was so tall, my grandfather only had a twenty six inch stride, while I was walking normally, he would have had to jog to keep up with me so every three steps I took, I moved a foot closer to the shop than he did.

I was inside the shop and had started mining through the shop's chest freezer, I'd cut through the green bean layer, the fish finger strata and had reached the vanilla ice cream deposit as my grandfather entered the shop, Ben Robinson greeted him, "Hi Ron, good thing you came in today, your latest magazine was delivered twenty minutes ago!"

I looked at my grandfather first and then at Ben, my grandfather was waving his hand from side to side, trying to shut Ben up, when I looked at Ben, he was holding a small magazine up in the air. Because of my grandfather's reaction I was expecting to see a 'Titty' magazine but the front cover had a picture of a woman wearing a blue dress, no nudity involved...not on the front cover at any rate, then I did a double take, it wasn't a woman, it was a girl and judging from the lack of breast mass, a prepubescent girl!

"Have you found the chocolate ice cream yet Sarah darling?"

"I'm close...I must be, I've just reached the raspberry ripple seam...any moment...YES RESULT!"

I held a tub of double chock chip ice cream and did a lap of honour around the inside of the shop with the ice cream above my head.

At the cash desk the ice cream was scanned and it registered three pounds on the till's screen. There was a small brown bag on the counter, the bag had been sealed closed with sticky tape. The phrase popped into my head, 'Delivered in plane brown packaging!'

I watched my grandfather hand over twenty five pounds, even though the till's screen still said three pounds for the ice cream.

Ben Robinson rang up, five pounds tendered, put the twenty pound note under the cash tray and the five pound note under the spring clip for the five pound notes...the till's screen said, 'two pounds change', Ben dropped two pound coins in grandpa's hand and said, "And two pound coins...makes five. Enjoy the ice cream Sarah...and you enjoy your sweet too Ron!"

As we walked back towards my grandfather's house, I was actually deliberately shortening my step to keep the slower pace of my grandfather, keeping at his side, even though I really wanted to run ahead and eat my prized ice cream.

"Does Grandma June know that you buy 'Under the counter' dirty magazines grandpa?"

I heard him gasp...and then there was a sigh that was followed by, "Bloody hell Sarah...I did something nice for you...I bought you a litre of chocolate ice cream, didn't I?"

I nodded my head, "But, if I have to keep your dirty book a secret...I need to know what the secret is...I mean, if it is only a little secret, they are much easier to keep than big bad secrets...I mean, you could have bought one of each of the English dirty books on Ben's top shelf for twenty pounds and yet you paid that much for one little magazine...Must be an illegal American or German magazine...possibly even Danish."

"Okay, when we get home I'll show you...but you'll be disappointed! There's nothing to see in my little book."

I gave my ice cream to my grandpa to serve into a dish for me while I opened the brown paper bag, the girl had absolutely no tits at all, if that were me and my breasts were that small, I would have been around five years old but the girl in the blue dress looked about the same age as me...mind you I'd never wear a fly-weight nylon dress like that without an underskirt under it, or at least knickers on, the nylon dress was clinging to her body and I could clearly see her little pussy outlined through the front of her dress, what older boys at school would call her camel toe.

I looked from the front cover of the book to my grandfather, he had a bright red face as he was spooning about a quarter of the tub of ice cream into bowl for me. I flicked quickly through the magazine, there were very few pictures, definitely no tits or bums and the only front bottom on show was on the girl on the front cover of the magazine. The pictures were all of young girls or boys and they were all fully dressed. The magazine was just a series of short stories, two columns per page.

I read the first few lines of a few stories, they all seemed to be stories about fathers having sex with their daughters, mums with their sons, uncles with nieces...well, almost every conceivable family relationship. I closed the book, "This is boring grandpa...have you got anything better than this to look at?"

"Do you promise to keep my secret from your grandmother?"

I nodded my head.

Grandpa was about to go out to his shed but he stopped in the doorway, "And your mum and dad!"

"Cross my left breast and hope to die...I'll never tell anyone!" As I said it, I was crossing my left breast with my finger.

I followed my grandfather out to his shed eating my ice cream as I went. Inside the shed I was surprised at how well appointed the shed was, he had a sofa against the back wall, there was carpet on the floor...the wall too to act as insulation and soundproofing. There were three chests of drawers along the shortest wall, "Women in that drawer...men in that one..." He cleared his throat, a little harrumph, "...don't go near that drawer, or that one...that drawer has men with women...Asian women in that one and finally...big busty women in the bottom drawer over there!"

I put my ice cream on the table and opened the drawer holding five magazines with pictures of men in them.

"I don't think that the pictures of men will be quite what you expect darling!"

Grandpa sat on the sofa in his shed with his new book, I sat next to him with my bowl of ice cream on my knee and a dirty magazine in my hand, the first man in the book I'd picked up was handsome, he was wearing nice clothes and had a nice haircut. I pointed the book towards Grandpa and said, "He's handsome!"

Grandpa looked at the picture and he nodded his head and grinned. He went back to his book and started reading the first story, I saw the sapling in his trousers turn into a mighty oak tree in a split second, I looked over his shoulder, the first paragraph was...'Amy visited her grandfather's house, she was bunking off of school but her grandfather wouldn't be telling anyone!'...

I smiled and flicked the page over, the man was now topless, a very well pronounced six pack on his stomach and large pectoral muscles, his nipples seemed to me standing to attention but they were 'looking' in different directions.

I turned the page again, I caught my grandfather repositioning the oak tree in his trousers a little, he was pressing the palm of his hand down on his cock, trying to hide the length of it from me.

The next page in my magazine had the man wearing a silk posing pouch, he was standing with his hands on his hips, he had large thigh muscles, he really was the complete man package that any girl could dream about.

The next page was just a back view of the previous picture and his posing pouch was just like a thong, just a thin back strap hidden between his bum cheeks.

I heard Grandpa groan, he was looking over at me...I wasn't sure if he was looking at my body hidden under my dress or if he was looking at my book over my shoulder...I did check that my dress was in place hiding my naked pussy from him, I flicked to the next page and there was the man again but no posing pouch, just a smile and a very long, fat cock standing against his belly.

I looked at my grandfather and smiled at him as I turned the page again, a second man had turned up in the picture, I quickly flicked through the pictures as the second man stripped off and then the two men got together, several pictures of the men touching each other as well as kissing. I stopped at the picture of the first man standing behind the second, he was reaching round, holding the second man's cock in his hand but it looked like the first man was bumming the second man.

I looked at grandpa again, "Does this kind of picture turn you on grandpa...are you gay, or bisexual?"

I saw his 'Bull shit' face for a moment but then he relaxed, "Pretty women...handsome men, I like to look at all different kinds of sex and all different variations, if you looked through all of my collection, you'll probably find ten books with women in them to every one with men on men action...actually, more with women on women than men on men as well! The thing is darling, men and women usually see sex differently, most women only really want sex with one man to make a baby, most men just have sex for the fun of doing it, men can have sex with hundreds of people a month and it doesn't mean a thing to us, just a good form of exercise."

I closed the magazine, even though I was only half way through it and I dropped it back in its drawer. I pulled the drawer open with women and men books, that drawer was stuffed to over flowing...thirty or forty magazines at least. I selected one and as I closed the drawer, I looked back at my grandfather, he was pressing his palm down on top of his cock and relaxing, he did three rotations as I walked back to the sofa. He looked up to see the front cover of the new magazine I was holding.

I saw that my empty bowl was attracting a fly, "Shall I take my bowel into the kitchen grandpa...I could look at this magazine in the living room, give you a little privacy if you like!"

"Okay, but bring the magazine back out to the shed before four o'clock though, I don't want your grandmother seeing it!"

I walked out of the shed and I passed the window opposite the sofa, I stopped just out of sight and looked back, Grandpa's hand was inside his trousers and he was rubbing his cock much faster now than he was when his hand was outside his trousers.

The second dirty book was just as I'd always imagined it, lots of women's tits and bums on show, lots of front bottoms too but there was no fur in sight, even though the women were quite old, they had pussies like little girls and a few short stories and sexual accounts.

I read one short account but only because there was the picture of a ginger haired women, kneeling above the article with her legs wide open, the account went something like, 'Met this ginger cunt at a night club...fucked the arse off of her but got the fright of my life when, after just thirty minutes of fucking, I found the sides of my cock were bleeding. Apparently, the course ginger hairs on her pussy lips had been dragged into her cunt at the side of my cock and that's what made my cock bleed. Word of warning guys...if your new love is a ginger, make her wax or use cream on her pussy lips...don't risk shaving, the hairs will grow back even sharper the next week!'

As I read that, I lifted the hem of my dress up and looked between my legs...I had course ginger hairs on my pussy lips and at least five hairs on each side of my pussy were curled into my vagina, 'I wonder if that's what terrified Chris so much when I fucked him!'

My mum phoned grandpa's house as I was pulling the straggling hairs out of my pussy hole, it was half past three, if I'd stayed at school, this would be the time that my bus would be leaving school to bring me home, as Grandpa was in his shed, I answered the phone.

"I'm on my way home now Ron...is Sarah okay?"

"I'm fine mum, shall I wait at the end of grandpa's road so that you don't have to turn around outside his house?"

"Hi darling...that would be helpful...thanks!"

I walked back out to the shed, as it was only half past three, my grandfather was banking on having almost thirty minutes before he'd have to stop 'Reading' his book in the way he wanted too.

The little devil in me made me walk behind his shed, rather than in front of it so that Grandpa got no warning that I was on my way back, I pushed the door open and quickly stepped in through the shed's doorway. I caught a glimpse of my grandfather's cock as he quickly pushed it back into his trousers. I dropped the magazine back in the drawer, closed it and then the little devil jumped on my shoulder again, this time, it made me kneel on the front of my grandfather's sofa, my right knee between his legs and my left knee on the outside of his right leg, I lowered myself down so that my dress covered pussy pressed down against his knee as I kissed him, "Thanks for the ice cream grandpa...and the magazines...mum's on her way, I'm going to the end of your road to meet her!"

He groaned and I saw a damp patch spreading across the front of his trousers. I grinned inwardly as I walked through his house, I'd made him climax without even touching his cock, just a kiss and my pussy against his knee was enough to take him over the edge.

Mum pulled to a stop and I did a racing changeover and she was moving again in one heartbeat.

"Grandpa was telling me that he was taking me to the hospital tomorrow, how come...you never work two days on the trot?"

There was a very long "Errrm...I was out having a coffee with an old girlfriend today darling, not at work!"

I leaned over and kissed her cheek, as I kissed, I smelled her breath and thought, 'Your friend uses too much musk in their coffee mum!' Her breath smelled like the stale air in Grandpa's shed after he'd been alone for fifty minutes with the door and window closed.

I followed mum into the house, I saw her do a crafty breath check...you know, breath into her hand and sniff it. She pulled a face and headed up to her bedroom, I followed a few feet behind her, I could see up the back of her short dress as she climbed the stairs, bare buttocks, so, like me, my mother was without knickers on her bum.

Mum walked into her bedroom...well the bedroom that she shared with my father, she pushed her bedroom door closed behind her but I was so close that I was in the room with her before the door actually closed.

Her back was still towards me as she slipped the shoulder straps of her dress off and let it fall to the floor as she walked into the en suite bathroom, she turned the shower on and as the water warmed up, she filled her mouth with mouthwash, spat it out into the toilet and took her bra off as she turned to face me and jumped out of her skin when she saw me.

We didn't hide our bodies from each other so I often saw my mother in the nude...but not usually quite this nude. A week ago, she had a neatly trimmed triangle of mousy brown hair above her vagina but today, she was as bare as a new bourn baby down there. I mentally snapped my fingers, "Hey mum, how did you do that...Shave, wax or cream?"

Mum looked a little pissed at me, it could have been because I'd followed her into her bedroom, it could have been because I'd pointed out her bare pussy and asked her how she'd done it or it could have been that, being naked, I could see two snail trails trickling down her inner thighs.

"Cream!"

"Is there any left?"

Mum pointed her finger at her medicine cabinet, "On the top shelf of the medicine cabinet!"

"Can I use some please?"

She nodded her head.

I found the hair removal cream and spotted a tube of concealer on a lower shelf. I took the depilatory cream for myself and the concealer for mum. As I walked past her, I handed her the makeup stick, "You might need this if my dad didn't put those brands on your collar bone!"

I left my mother to think about being caught out in her infidelity while I went to my bedroom and read the instructions on the depilatory cream box.

I'd planned to just do my labia but having seen the 'Little girl picture' in my grandpa's magazine and then seeing how clean and comfortable my mum looked down below, I plastered my whole pussy area as well as down my legs before I stepped into the shower in the family bathroom. I was back in my bedroom drying myself off when my mother walked in on me, a guilty look on her face, she was wearing my father's favourite dress, it showed off a lot of her cleavage and was ultra short, she was also wearing stockings and her lacy bra but no visible panty lines under her dress and the stockings must have been self supporting because there was no suspender belt lines either.

"Sarah darling..."

I waited a moment or two, then I said, "Yes?"

"Erm...you aren't going to mention anything to your father about earlier...are you?"

"Does dad have any dirty books?"

"What has that got to do...why?"

"This morning...after our second period's 'Respect' lesson...outside at mid-morning break, some of the boys were saying that they bet every one of our dads had dirty books somewhere in their house and that dads don't mind their sons finding their dirty books but won't ever let their daughters see them!"

There was a pause that was big enough to belong to a lion and eventually mum shook her head in exasperation, "Yes...your father does have a few dirty books in the house!"

"Can I see them please?"

I wrapped myself in my towel and followed my mother into their bedroom and she opened my father's wardrobe, the left hand side had a small set of drawers to keep socks and underpants below his shirts while the left hand side could take longer items, mum nodded her head to the left, "Bottom drawer, under his polo shirt!"

I lifted my dad's polo shirt carefully and placed it on top of the drawer unit, it was like a gold mine, there were thirty books of all kinds...not the kinds of selection that my dad's dad had, he did have lesbian books but the only men in my father's magazine collection were looking after women. I picked out a book with a fifty-fifty split between pictures and stories before I placed his polo shirt back on top of the pile so that he wouldn't spot that I'd been in his porn drawer!

I was about to return to my bedroom with my prize and mum stopped me, "well, are you going to tell your father?"

I shook my head, "Once dad sees you dressed like that, he'll give me a fiver and he'll tell me to piss off to the cinema...it would only upset him if I told him anyway!"

I walked to the bedroom door and I said, "Are you worried in case you copped out this afternoon?"

Mum looked very guilty..."Condoms are very unreliable darling...!"

I didn't get dressed, I lay on my bed and read some of the sex stories in my father's book until mum called me down to dinner. The dining room stank of musk, I was getting used to the smell of sex and I spotted a spillage on the laminated floor at the side of the dining table. I got a strange look from my father because all I was wearing was my bath robe.

I felt a hand on my shoulder, even though there was no one anywhere close to me, I looked at the hand, I was shocked to see that I was on a hard bed, my head just slipping out of a huge plastic doughnut..."I'm sorry madam, I've never had anyone fall asleep inside an MRI scanner before. I've sent your scan results to Doctor Black, as soon as he's had a chance to review the scans, he'll call you into his office.

A pretty nurse asked me if I'd like a cup of tea, "I find an hour inside the MRI scanner can be very dehydrating Mrs Gamble."

I nodded my head and thanked her for her kind offer.

I yawned, I remembered being strapped down on the slide in the MRI room and told to relax and to try to stay as still as I could. I must have fallen asleep and run through my memories of my first day of sexual awakening.

I sat in the waiting room again, it was a little like a zero stimulus torture chamber, the magnolia walls and ceiling and the cream vinyl flooring and the white plastic...easy clean...chair.

Before the nurse came back with the cup of tea, I had drifted off again, back into my daydream of my earliest memories of sex.

I picked my story up on Friday morning, I'd heard my mother and father having sex in their bedroom and from the volume and clarity of their fucking through the walls of the house, they obviously didn't do it very often or they would have woken me up in the past.

Grandpa Ron picked me up before eight o'clock on Friday morning to take me on my sixty minute drive to Addenbrooke's Hospital, he would be with me for my consultation. As usual, the first thing that I did was to strip off totally and put the hospital gown on and then go through to the nurse to be weighed, measured, not just my height, my bust, my waist, my hips, various points on my upper thigh, around my biceps...even around my neck and foot size. All recorded on a chart for the doctor to mull over before he saw me.

I realised that Grandpa had actually been hard from the moment that I put the hospital gown on, flashing my bum to the world as usual. When my mother took me, she would keep pulling the back of the gown closed at the back so that men and boys couldn't ogle me but grandpa was happy to be doing the ogling.

When I was finally called into see the doctor, grandpa followed me in and sat at the back of the office and I zoned him out...I actually had a crush on my doctor, so powerful that it could turn the earth into a black hole if I weren't careful.

"Good morning Sarah...I have a note from your school nurse, she thinks that you may have had an imbalance yesterday! What happened?"

"A boy told me that he fancied me...not just a boy, he was the school football captain and he came right up to me and told me that he fancied me!"

"And how did you react to that...were you angry...embarrassed...shy?"

"I raped him thirty minutes later!"

I knew that my grandfather was sitting behind me but I gave the doctor a detailed account of what happened behind the screening bush at the back of the sports field, even down to the boy running away with a terrified look on his face.

There was a worried look on the doctor's face. "I can see from the blood tests that there has been a massive testosterone spike in last week's blood test...did you have your normal injection three months ago?"

I nodded my head.

"Well, the spike in testosterone seems to have knocked the oestrogen and progesterone levels down a little, so I'm going to double up on the implant and mark your records so that you get a larger dose in three months time."

I had a second birth control implant injected in my left arm, never a pleasant procedure but I knew that it would have a calming effect on me once it started to work its magic.

We left the doctor's office at twelve o'clock, as we walked towards the car park, Grandpa said, "I could get you to school in time for your afternoon lessons...what's your next lesson?"

"Religious education...then Geography and finally maths!"

Grandpa pulled a nasty face, "What a terrible afternoon of lessons!"

"Well, we could always say that we didn't get out of the clinic until one o'clock...couldn't we?"

Grandpa smiled and he nodded his head, "Was it embarrassing telling that doctor what happened yesterday in front of me darling?"

I shook my head, "No, we have secrets that we share, I trust you not to tell on me!"

"Well, if it helps, I think that it was the testosterone...all men get horny and I think that yesterday, the testosterone made you horny for the first time in your life...want to know what I do when I get horny and your grandmother isn't in the mood?"

I nodded my head.

"You know what this place is?"

I looked up, "It's the car park for the Wellingborough and District Angling Society..."

"How did you know that?"

I pointed at the sign at the gateway to the car park, the one that said, 'No Day Tickets'. And he chuckled as he turned the car into the car park, there were ten cars in the car park, I pondered on how come there could be ten people on the river bank on a Friday.

"Are you a fisherman Grandpa?"

"No darling, the car park and the river area are for everyone, just the fishing rights that belong to the angling club."

We started out walking on a freshly laid tarmac path, the river was to the north, to the east of the path was a large meadow with picnic tables strategically placed and to the west, a large wooded area, there was a stout chain-link fence enclosing it with signs proclaiming that the wood belonged to Manor House Farm and , 'Private Property - Keep Out' at regular intervals.

I reminded grandpa that he was going to tell me what he did whenever he was horny but grandma wasn't in the mood.

"I'm working up to it darling..."

We reached the river, the tarmac footpath reached a 'T' junction, I looked to the east and the west, no fishermen on the banks of the river...no people either, not on the path or in the meadow...ten cars and no people, so where were they all?

We started walking to the west along the river path, there was a sound to the south, the stout chain-link fence had been holed and a man suddenly appeared out of the wood through the hole, he looked at my grandpa and he smiled, then he looked at his wrist watch and shrugged his shoulders and walked off towards the car park.

"That's Alan, he starts back to work at one thirty."

"You know him then grandpa?"

"I know most people..." there was another sound from the same place in the fence, a head appeared through the hole in the fence, there was a smile and a nod of his head and it shrank back into the woods again, "...that come here, that was Brian, I just need to pop in there and have a private word with him."

"Shall I wait here for you grandpa?"

He shook his head, "No darling, see there, ten feet away from the hole Brian went through, there's another hole, you might see something educational through that hole!"

Grandpa's hand was in the small of my back and I was pushed towards the hole, ten feet further to the west from the first hole.

I ducked through the hole in the fence and started walking along a well trodden path into the woods. I heard "Hi Ron, haven't seen you here for a few weeks!"

My grandfather said, "June's been off work on holiday for three weeks, it was too hard to get away..."

I realised that Brian and my grandfather were really close, no more than four trees away from me and as I walked slowly into the wood, I suddenly saw a diagonal line between the trees to where Brian and my grandfather were standing, my grandfather's explanation for why he hadn't been to the woods for three weeks had been cut short by Brian pulling my grandfather's mouth against his and they were kissing passionately...just like the two men in the magazine that I was looking at yesterday in my grandfather's shed.

Brian pulled his lips off of my grandpa's, "Did you bring a condom today Ron?"

"No...sorry...I wasn't planning on coming here today."

"Pity I've already used the only condom I had on me with Alan!"

Brian was pushing my grandfather's trousers down and he said, "We'll just have to make the best of what we have...won't we?"

Brian squatted down in front of my grandpa and took his cock in his mouth. Grandpa groaned with pleasure and then he looked over his shoulder and fixed my eye with his and he grinned at me, just as Brian stood up, "Your turn Ron!"

Grandpa was already squatting in front of Brian and he was opening Brian's trousers, pulling them down and then taking Brian's cock in his mouth.

Fingers touched the back of my left hand, "You like watching two men fucking darling?"

I looked to my left, to the man's face who was talking to me, he had a weather-beaten face but not really bad looking, I looked down at the fingers touching the back of my left hand and realised that it wasn't a finger, he had his cock out of his open trousers and it was the head of his erect cock that was pressing against the back of my hand. I looked back at his face as I turned my hand and took the head of his cock in my palm.

"I'm Mick by the way...hubby not giving you enough darling?"

I held back my smile but shook my head, "I'm Sarah."

He looked at my grandfather sucking Brian's cock.

"Do you like sucking your husband's cock love?"

I shook my head, "I've never sucked a cock in my life before!"

"Fancy breaking your duck on me darling?"

I copied my grandfather's squat, took Mick's cockhead in my mouth but instantly pulled my mouth away again, spitting the disgusting tasting slime out of my mouth.

I stood up and let Mick kiss me as he lifted the front of my dress up and rubbed his cock against the front of my knickers.

"Have you got a condom that I could have please Mick?"

He had a wide grin on his face and was shaking his head, "I hate using them but I'll use one if I have to!"

He took a packet of three condoms out of his trouser pocket, I opened the box and took one, "I don't actually need them...I'm on birth control implants...I'll be back in a minute!"

I dashed back to the river path and re-entered the wood behind my grandfather, Brian almost had a heart attack, seeing a woman rushing into the wood as he was having his cock sucked by his friend, "Ron...can I swap this condom for a butter mint please?"

Everyone knows that grandfathers always carry a packet of Murray Mints in their trouser pocket.

I popped the mint in my mouth and ran back to Mick. He looked bewildered as I skidded to a stop in front of him, I squatted down and sucked his cock into my mouth, I took it in as deep as was comfortable and then pulled it out again, "There, that's much better!"

I sucked Mick's cock until he groaned in pleasure, this time he pushed my head away, "Bloody hell...that was close. Can I fuck you now?"

I stood up, I reached behind my neck and unfastened the button at the back of my dress, then I pulled it off over my head, leaving me standing in front of Mick wearing just my bra and knickers. I tossed my dress over a high branch and then I unfastened my bra and that followed. I let Mick take my knickers off, they didn't follow my bra over the branch...my knickers were stuffed into his trouser pocket.

I was pulled over to a tree stump that was conveniently cut by a chainsaw at the height of a stool and conveniently placed so that I could still see Brian and my grandfather. Brian was behind my grandfather, Ron was bent over and Brian was obviously fucking my granddad up his bum as grandpa held onto a tree trunk.

Mick sat on the stump with his trousers around his ankles and he pulled me down onto his lap, I was facing him, my knees either side of Mick's hips. Mick was in control until his cock opened my cunt lips and then I took over. I was fucking him so hard that I actually bounced him off of the tree stump, he landed on his back in the mud, my knees in the mud too as I fucked him.

This time I didn't make the mistake of letting the boy get free of my clutches, I pinned him down on the floor until I'd had my pleasure out of him, my full measure of pleasure.

A condom suddenly flew between the trees and landed with a splat on the ground next to where I was fucking Mick.

"Thanks for the shag Mick...but it looks like my grandpa's finished with Brian so I've gor to go now!"

I popped my bra into my shoulder bag and pulled my dress over my head, as I walked out of the woods, I was fastening the button at the back of my neck.

"Happy darling?"

"Very happy thanks grandpa."

"Where did you get the condom from?"

"Bloke called Mick...he wanted to fuck me so I taxed him a condom to pay for the shag!"

Grandpa laughed, "Well, that makes you a whore darling, and me guilty of living off of immoral earnings!"

I was giggling as my grandfather's phone rang, he turned the screen to face me, a picture of my mum on his screen...no, not just a picture of my mother...a nude picture of my mother on his phone's screen. He put his finger against his lips to stop me giggling and he pressed the green button on his phone, the phone was between us, my ear pressed to the back of the phone.

"Hi Ron...how was Sarah's appointment?"

"She had a massive spike in her testosterone level in the last three months so the doctor gave her a second shot of the birth control implant to try and water down the testosterone a little."

"Did you get her to school in time for her afternoon lessons?"

"No, we didn't get out of hospital until after one o'clock so we would be too late."

"Fucking hell, I'm on my way from Wellingborough back to my office in Northampton but I'm sooooo fucking horny, I was hoping to stop off at your place for a little recreational sex on my way through...where's Sarah now?"

Grandpa smiled at me, "I've dropped her off at your place...she was going to have a little nap!"

"Oh good...get undressed, I won't have long to stop!"

The call was ended and Grandpa rushed me to his car. As we drove towards our village grandpa pointed out that I could get almost all the way from our village to the wood along footpaths and green lanes whenever I was horny and needed sex, I wouldn't even have to cross a road.

We drove to grandpa's house, "I thought that you'd be taking me home!"

"You can sit in my shed and do a little reading...your mum only needs my body for fifteen minutes."

I was looking out of the shed's window, I could see the area of my grandfather's living room in front of his open French doors, Grandpa was naked, my mum rushed in and pulled him down onto the carpet and she rolled onto her back, pulling him on top of her. I half watched them fucking and half read a story that my grandfather had given me to read in one of his older books.

The man in the story was called Ron, like my grandfather, the girl in the book was called Vicky, like my mother...only the Vicky in the story was only ten years old. Ron fucked Victoria every day until his son, John, like my father, asked Vicky to marry him when she was eighteen and Ron went from a daily shag to a shag once a month when Vicky was at her most fertile time of the month and went a little crazy for sex.

Grandpa's fifteen minute guess was wildly out, my mum fucked grandpa for closer to forty minutes and she only stopped then because her boss phoned her on her mobile phone with an emergency call back in Wellingborough so she reluctantly got dressed and left my grandfather a broken man.

I stood over his naked body, looking down at his red raw cock.

"Have you been fucking my mum since she was ten years old grandpa?"

He grinned as he nodded his head, me and a dozen other guys, probably a lot more than a dozen.

"The doctor's ready to see you now madam!"

I was dragged back from my childhood memories...my daydreams from when I was eleven years old and first discovered sex.

The oncologist was happy that my sudden drop in testosterone level wasn't caused by any form of cancer so I was wheeled back to my own hormone specialist. This time, I was seen straight away...all of the extra tests had come back from the lab, there was absolutely no pointer to why the sudden change in my inner workings.

I was about to leave his office, "Erm Sarah...you said earlier that you moved from the village and into the city...did you get your drinking water from a well in the village?"

"Yes, we had our own well in the back garden and an electric pump drew the water up to the kitchen tap."

"And now...of course...you take water from the town's water supply that comes from Wales?"

I shrugged my shoulders, "It's tap water and we don't pump it ourselves so I guess so."

"Do your parents still live in the same cottage?"

I nodded my head.

He got a sample jar, put one of my printed labels on the jar and scribbled instructions on a plastic bag for the laboratory, "Can you take a sample of the tap water from your parent's house and drop it off at reception...any time in the next couple of months will do but after you collect the sample it is important that you drop it off here as quickly as you can please!"

I'd been given a prescription for ninety, high dose, testosterone pills to cover me for the next three months, just one tablet a day until my next appointment, not a year away, I'd been given an emergency appointment in three months time.

There was a little of the working day left so I dropped the prescription off at the hospital's pharmacy and while they were making my prescription up, drove straight to my parent's house, mum's car was on the drive, there was a stranger's car across the drive blocking mum's car in. I walked down to the back garden, the back door was, as usual, unlocked. I let myself in, there was the telltale sounds of fucking from the bedroom above the kitchen, I turned the tap on at the kitchen sink, the pump motor kicked into life and I filled the sample jar with tap water. Then I filled a glass as well and was drinking the water as a man's voice above said, "What was that...I thought I heard a sound from the kitchen!"

Two minutes later, my mother's voice, "Shit, my daughter's car is parked behind yours out in the street."

There was a stampede above, a thunder of feet on the stairs and a man ran out of the front door still fastening his trousers and his shirt in his hand, rather than on his back.

Mum walked down totally naked a few seconds later. I asked her if she wanted a drink, a cup of tea or something.

"I'd rather have been allowed to finish my shag first darling...what the hell are you doing here today?"

I showed her the sample pot, "My specialist needs a sample of our well water, I've got to drop it back at the hospital before it closes tonight."

I was suddenly awake...wide awake and wanting to fuck someone...anyone. I was back to my old self and I hadn't actually collected my new testosterone pills yet.

I dropped the water sample off at the hospital and collected my new bottle of pills from the pharmacy before going home to my husband in our apartment and I threw him on the floor and started fucking him, he was complaining, "Please Sarah, shave your cunt first, your pussy hairs are killing me!"

"Then die you bastard, I'm not going to stop until your balls are empty!"