Deb's Vacation
by jordandeb09©


My girlfriend's name is Deb. She is a 19-year-old college student who goes to 
school somewhere warm. She is about 5'5", 115lbs, with a perfectly formed A-cup 
chest, then a trim athletic body that runs down a breathtaking ass and a pair of 
legs that any man would kill to touch. Enchanting green eyes framed by her long 
brown hair compliment a face that seems innocent until she smiles her impish 
grin. I met Deb very randomly through the Internet one day, and my life hasn't 
been the same since. 

She had her Spring Break from college; she came to stay with me where I live, 
somewhere much colder. She wore this little short skirt and a tight tank top in 
the airport, no underwear of course, because I forgot to mention. Deb is my 
little slut. She is also a bit of an exhibitionist. She loves to see the 
reaction of men as she walks by, swinging her ass barely covered by her skirt. 
So by the time she arrived at the airport she is glowing, telling me about how 
many men wanted her, how she teased them. And by glowing, I mean absolutely 
soaked. Almost running down her leg. 

I live about 45 minutes from the airport, but Deb can't wait that long. She is 
begging me, almost as soon as we get in the car, to fuck her. Or let her fuck 
herself (she carried a large purple dildo through security). We are barely out 
of the parking lot before she has one foot up on the dash, the other in my lap, 
rubbing her clit for me, sticking a finger in, sucking the juices off. So I tell 
her that she has to wait, but while she waits she can put something in her mouth 
to relive her oral fixation. No sooner that I utter the words; she is bent over 
the seat unbuckling my belt. Such a good little slut.

As soon as my dick is out she starts to tease me. Stroking my cock with her soft 
hands, breathing warm air onto it. Making me arch for the warmth of her mouth, 
keeping me just out of reach. Then, just as I can't take anymore and am about to 
crash the car, she plunges down onto me. Taking my meat into her mouth as deep 
as she can, pushing it past her tonsils as she gags on it. She comes up for 
breath, gasping, telling her master how much she missed his cock. Then it's back 
onto the dick. She sucks relentlessly, with a lustful hunger. Bringing me just 
to the point of cumming, then stopping and laughing at my frustration. She knows 
I won't make it long before I pull over and take it out on her. 

And she's right. I make about 25 minutes before I can't take it anymore. I have 
a slut sucking my dick, now I'm going to fuck her. I pull off the highway onto a 
secluded construction site I know, the road that leads into it takes a sharp 
turn into a thickly wooded area. Stop the car on the side of this small road 
right before the asphalt turns to gravel, and I get out of the car, still 
hanging out of my jeans. She follows me, around to the front of the car, and 
down onto her knees she goes. Now she can use her full repertoire of cocksucking 
skills. She licks my shaft from the base all the way up to the tip, making sure 
to pause at the one spot just underneath the head. Her legs are spread, hand 
furiously playing with her slit as she looks up at me. I grab her by the arm and 
lift her up; I turn her around until she is facing the hood of the car and 
roughly push her onto it. She spreads her legs like a good slut, and now it's my 
turn to tease her. I slowly rub the head of my cock up and down her soaking 
cunt. Playing a little game with her, just the tip. She moans and begs me to 
fuck her, begs me to slam into her and ravage her. But I restrain myself for 
just a bit longer, making her beg and loving the lust that's in her eyes looking 
back at me. Then, when I can tell she's desperate, I slowly sink into her, 
letting her feel all of my nine inches sliding into her. Relishing the feeling 
of her tight pussy pulling me in, embracing me as hungrily as her other set of 
lips had moments before. When I am fully in, I wait. Letting her cunt adjust to 
my girth, then when she starts wiggling, the animal of lust in me takes over.

And I begin to fuck that little slut senseless. At first it's slow and 
methodical, but eventually builds, and builds, and builds into a crescendo of 
her cries of passion, my breath coming in gasps, and my balls slapping against 
her clit. The symphony reaches its peak as she pushes back against me and I feel 
her tighten around me as she aches her head back in a mind-blowing orgasm. 
Seeing that perfect ass ached back and the feeling of her pussy quivering around 
my cock sends me over the edge and I shout as I grab tightly onto her hips and 
shoot my hot cum deep inside her. 

As we both just say put, me standing, barely, behind her, and she slumped onto 
the hood, I realize that we have a small audience. Two construction workers who 
apparently were in the middle of closing the site are standing about 25 feet to 
my left. Both of them sporting hard erections, which they are busy stroking. Deb 
and I just look at them for a minute, before I lean down and whisper in Deb's 
ear. She looks back at me with wide eyes, but obeys. 

I slide out of her, a massive load of cum plopping out onto the ground and 
running down her legs as she moves over to the two men. "She'd like to suck you 
two off", I say to the startled men, "she loves the feel of cum on her face." 
With that, and no other words, Deb drops to her knees in front of the two men, 
and starts to suck. She alternates from one to the other, stroking the one she 
doesn't have in her mouth. With this 19 year old slut sucking their cocks, and 
the show they witnessed earlier, it doesn't take long for the first man on Deb's 
right to cum, she opens her mouth and puts her head in the right position as he 
cums and shoots his first spurt over her face into her hair, and the rest 
landing on her cheek and in her mouth as she cleans him up. Seeing his buddy cum 
all over the green eyed slut in front of him sets the guy on the left over the 
edge, he lets out a moan as his cum joins his friend's in forming a pool on my 
slut's face. When she has cleaned them both off, they zip up and return to the 
construction site as silently as they came. 

Deb turns around toward me, face dripping with cum, cum still running from her 
pussy, and smiles. I tell her to come here and clean off my cock. She gets up 
and obeys, using my cock to push the remnants of the stranger's cum into her 
mouth, before completely cleaning me off. With that, I zip up and we get back in 
the car to head to my apartment where a solid week of fun and sex are about to 
begin. Or rather, continue, and the beginning was as memorable as they come...

