Jan, 2007, Part Three.


Another gorgeous day! I woke up with a smile and stretched against my silky top sheet and my nipples hardened as I squirmed back and forth. I felt great after a really sweet night of wild erotic dreams. I always seem to wake up sooo horny! I ran my fingers up and down my body and down to my cunt which was already swelling at my touch. 

"Okay," I thought, "Enough of this. I have things to do and people to see." So I pulled back the sheet and stretched again. Then I went into my bathroom and showered and dusted with a little talc. I walked into my big closet and pulled out my old sweatshirt with the cutoff sleeves. It shows a lot when I twist and turn so I have to watch it when I go out in public. It is bare midriff and comes just below my breasts so I can see the bottom swells if I reach up in the air. Then I pulled on my old cutoff sweat bottoms that just barely hang on my hips and always threaten to fall off, but never have so far. The leg openings are flared so they are more like a micro mini skirt. My butt cheeks peek out if I bend over and they fly away in front sometimes so I know people can see my naked cunt lips, which drives me wild when I see them ogling me. But basically if I act normal the outfit looks like I could be a girl carpenter, especially with my Doc Marten's and white socks.

I grabbed my coffee cup and went out on the back deck to watch the robin's doing their daily food hunting. The sun was slowly coming over the peak of my mobile home and I threw my head back and closed my eyes as the rays warmed my face. I sipped and then leaned down and picked up the trash from last night and went back into the house to get my keys.

I turned the radio up loud and bopped back and forth in the seat to the music as I drove into town. I pulled up in front of Angie's apartment and tapped lightly on the horn. She came running out the door dressed in her little cut off jeans and crop top and I panted softly as she climbed into the car and grinned at me. She turns me on just looking at her cute little body with her long nipples poking up under the little top and her big clit hardly hidden making a mound under her tight shorts.

"Good morning, lover," she said, as she leaned over and planted a wet kiss on my lips and ran her tongue around inside my mouth until I practically gushed right then. I giggled and ran my hands up under her crop top and tugged on her nipples and she jerked and pulled back. "No, no, you little horn dog, none of that. We have work to do before we play," she giggled, as I put the car in gear and pulled out into the traffic.

I drove over to Home Depot and we sauntered toward the store swinging our hips and giggling at the stares and looks of longing on the faces of all the old men and young contractors at the entrance door. "Allow me, ladies," one good looking stud said, as he opened the door for us, trying his best to look into the sides of my cutoff sleeves. I turned a little so the material fell open and he gasped when he evidently saw my pink nipples sticking out on my perky breasts.

Angie laughed as she punched me in the ribs, "God, Jan, that poor guy almost creamed his shorts looking down your top." I laughed as we stopped by the lumber bin and looked through the boards for just the right ones for our shelving project. We put them in the cart and went down the huge rows to the fasteners section to look for screws and Molly Anchors to mount in the wall. As I turned to put the package into the tray on the back of the cart Angie looked around the empty row then seeing the coast was clear she slid her hands up under the loose side of my sweatshirt and ran her fingernails over my nipples.

I jumped almost off the floor in surprise. I turned with my back against the cart and she pushed her sweet body up tight against mine and kissed me as she ran her long tongue deep inside my panting mouth. I pulled her to my breast and she rubbed back and forth causing our nipples to swell and rub against each other. I gasped as she ran her hand down under the loose top of my sweat shorts and tickled my clit that was already engorged. I peered around her face as she continued to French kiss me to see if anyone was near, but we were still alone in our aisle.

"Angie," I panted softly, "What are you doing?"

She panted back in my open mouth, "Wasn't this what you wanted to happen wearing that revealing outfit with your nipples and cute butt sticking out? I can stop any time if you want me to."

I hugged her tighter as she slid her arms around my neck and ran my hands down over her jean encased little butt and grabbed and kneaded her firm muscles as she moaned and wiggled against me driving her clit into my cunt lips through my shorts. She humped me as we panted and moaned and my body was vibrating like it always does when I am on the brink of a mind blowing orgasm.

She sensed it and humped faster and faster as she ran her hands down inside the back of my loose shorts pulling them down with her wrists until I felt the air conditioning blowing over my hot little buns. That did it. I jerked and strained against her as I gasped to keep from screaming, and shock waves washed up and down my body jerking me around as contraction after contraction rolled up my body.

 She held on tight until I settled down, and then she pulled my shorts back up as I stared into her sparkling eyes.

Then she reached up and smoothed the damp hair out of my face as she grinned impishly at me. I pulled her tight and kissed her gently and nuzzled her little pug nose. She sighed and hugged me back as little aftershocks tingled up and down my stomach and nipples.

Luckily, we managed to get to the checkout without my throwing her down on the shiny waxed floor and ripping her clothes off and sucking on her clit. She kept looking over at me and we had several giggle fits before we made it back to the car.

"We're in no big hurry, are we?" she asked, as I headed through town.

"No. Why? Was there something else we needed while we are here?" 

"Let's go down to City Beach and scope out the girls and studs, okay?"

I laughed and turned to head over the bridge to the lake. We are always on the lookout for new playmates and had quite a few that hung at the beach every day when they weren't working their minimum wage jobs.

I pulled into a parking place by the big boat dock where the lake tour ship is moored. We climbed out and I felt the cool breeze of the water blow up under the loose legs of my sweats. I stretched and felt sun on my lower breasts as a car load of guys whistled and ogled my body. I turned slowly to give them a really good look and they hung out the windows hooting and hollering like all horny teenage guys always do.

Angie winked at me over the top of the car and then we walked over to the pathway that ran along the lake around the basketball courts and swings. Several of our buddies were playing so we stopped and sat on one of the picnic benches to watch. When they took a break they all came over and we yakked and played grab ass games and caught up on the latest gossip.

One of the guys is my boyfriend so he hugged me and tried to pull my shorts down and kept tugging on my top so the other guys could ogle my flashing nipples and cunt lips. He is a real tease and sooo good looking. Angie has the hots for him too, which makes it all really cool. We never have had a threesome yet, but I expect it's bound to happen eventually.

They all wanted to go down to Dog Beach so we climbed into our cars and drove down to the parking lot, then walked on down to the beach below the highway. We waded and splashed water on each other as the sun got hotter and hotter as it rose higher in the clear blue sky. There is an old huge waterlogged log that floats around off shore. It's been there like forever, it seems. We swam out and climbed up on it and sat with our legs hanging in the water and talked as we rested.

Angie's little white cropped top was almost transparent, her long nipples clearly revealed to all our eyes. She is a worse exhibitionist than I am, so she was twisting and stretching to show off to everybody and we were all staring at her cute little figure in the see through top and tight cutoffs plastered to her cunt and rear end. Then one of the guys stood up and pulled his shorts off and threw them in the lake and then dove in as we all howled at his antics.

We were the only ones around so that started us all stripping and it wasn't but a second before we were all cavorting around the log stark naked. The cold water made my nipples ache and they were sooo hard! Angie swam over and slid her wet body up and down on mine as she grinned at me. I reached down and found her big clit and started jerking her off as she gasped and clung to my shoulders as I hung onto the log with one hand to keep our heads above the swirling waters.

The guys were all horsing around jumping and diving on the other side of the log so I kept flicking and pulling on Angie's clit until I felt the little ripples in her nipples pressed tight against mine that told me she was starting to come. She had her face pressed into my shoulder as I pulled hard and she humped my hand back and forth. She let out a little gasp and then started shuddering violently as the orgasm hit her. I held on tight as the throes surged through her sexy wet body straining against mine.

Then it subsided and she reached up and kissed me so softly like she always does and I grinned at her happy face. Just then my boyfriend finally found us snuggling and chuckled as he looked at the smile on my face. He knows we are lovers and accepts it with no problems at all. He swam close and nuzzled my ear which always gets to me. I panted as Angie watched me with that impish grin on her cute face that I love so much.
We all had our faces right up close as I still held Angie up and my boyfriend was running his hands all over my slick body under the water.

I heard him gasp as Angie evidently had unknowingly brushed her hip against his stiff penis under the water. I laughed as his face turned deep red and Angie giggled. He looked at me questioningly, and I shook my head to let him know to not even think about it! Then he laughed and pinched Angie's little butt, which  made her eyes pop out big as she gasped in shock, then he swam over to the other side to play some more with his buds.

"Jan! He grabbed my butt! Did you see that?" she whispered. 

"So what, you wanted him to, right?" I chuckled back. She blushed and bit her lip as she mulled that one over in her mind. "Yeah, I guess I  kinda' liked it," she giggled, "But he's your boyfriend, not mine, don't you mind?"

"Angie, you know I don't! How many times have we had this discussion, anyway?" I laughed and hugged her tight as we bobbed up and down in the water. She is pretty much a lesbian through and through, but has been known on a few occasions to try something different. 

Finally we all dove down in the clear shallow water to retrieve out clothes and got dressed and staggered out onto the beach and flopped down on the warm sand. The guys had some brews so they passed them around and we all sunned and yakked until I told them we had to go build some shelves in my trailer. We all hugged goodbye and Angie and I walked back up to the car and jumped into the hot seats, and then headed back home.
