Restaurant Exposure
by Violetstar29

Woman gets into a exciting situation.

Woman's POV:

It was gonna be a perfect night my boyfriend has a whole date planned and he even bought me a new dress. It's silver and has a nice slit on the slide.

"Honey are you ready to go?"

My boyfriend called up to me. I gave myself one last look. My boobs popped in this dress. My long Brown hair was curled. I walked down the stairs. My boyfriend gave me a good look up and down.

"You look so sexy"

He said to me. He looked pretty good.

Himself. He was incredibly tall smooth dark completely compared to mine.

"You look amazing too".

We walked out the front door holding hands.


Boyfriends POV:

I was taking my girlfriend to and exclusive restaurant, but I had a few tricks up my sleeve this evening. I looked down at her next to me in the passengers seat. There was no way to wear a bra with the dress so her nipples poked out. And through the slit I could see her white skimpy thong. It was perfect. When we arrived at the restaurant I asked for a booth near the kitchen towards the back. I could see the Host admiring my girlfriend. I think she liked the attention because she was blushing and giggling. I walked up behind her and gave her a hug from behind to discreetly rub my dick against her ass. Let the show begin.

Woman's pov

I was a little turned on by the sexy and elegant vibe this restaurant had. The host couldn't take his eyes off my hard nipples through this dress. My boyfriend was certainly teasing me from behind.

"This place is sure something baby. It's nice to be out spending time with you. I've missed you."

I said lovingly to him as he sat across from me at the booth. He got up and sat next to me and said we're gonna have more fun than you think and raised my dress and spread my legs to rub at my pussy though my thong. I instantly moaned, but started to protest.

"This is too much. I don't want to get caught we're right next to the kitchen."

"That's the whole point. Tonight we're showing this body off. Especially your wet pussy."

I was shocked and he quickly pulled my panties off but pulled my dress down just in time for our waiter to take our drink order he ordered two waters.

I'd be lying if I said I wasn't turned on, but also a little scared. I'm unsure of if I want to do this with him. I guess maybe he just wanted my underwear off. I start asking him about work when the waiter returns with water and starts taking our food order. My boyfriend reaches right down and pulls my tits out of my dress the waiters mouth drops as he stares at my exposed nipples.

"Do you think my girlfriend has large nipples, I needed a second opinion."

My boyfriend ask our waiter. There's a wet spot developing on my dress from the lack of underwear. My boyfriend is pinching and tweaking my nipples in front of our waiter.

"I'm unsure sir I think I need to feel for myself."

The waiter reaches down and starts doing the same to my other nipple. I look down and notice the dress is sliding farther down my body. I start moaning when both men start to suck on my nipples. I noticed the moaning drawing attention of the manager and a bus boy who both walk over to see what the commotion was all about. As soon as they walk up and see what was going on they start watching interested. My boyfriend rips the dress alll the way off exposing my wet pussy to three strange men. I couldn't help how wet I was becoming. The bus boy pulls out his camera and starts to record the whole situation.

"Nooooo I don't want to be seen or recorded"! I exclaimed to everyone. My boyfriend holds my legs open while the waiter holds my arms. My boyfriend pulls out a vibrator and starts going to work on my clit. It feels incredible, but I can't help but worry about all the attention I'm attracting. The table gets pulled out and there's now at least 5 more men watching my boyfriend use a vibrator on my hot cunt. I'm crying and moaning at the same time, im so embarrassed and I can't even try to hide my Shame. The manager comes to suck on my tits and a random man comes to finger my pussy. I'm being Touched all over and all I want to do is cum, I'm trying to hold it in. I don't want to give all these men the satisfaction.

At this point there's at least a crowd of 20 people all staring at my exposed nakedness. That was until my boyfriend traded the vibrator and pulled out a 8 inch dildo and starting fucking my pussy hard. A crowd of men are watching as my boyfriend takes the dildo out and rams it back into my dripping Pussy. I look down and random men are rubbing at my inner thigh and tits. I soon cum all over the dildo and men are taking pictures of my pussy full of cum. My boyfriend doesn't even give me anything to cover up with as our food is delivered. I eat my meal naked in silence watching as people walk past just to look at my naked body.
