The Notebook-Cockblocked.

A/N: If you thought we were on drugs before, just wait until you read this chapter. And, by the way, mysterious person who keeps slipping hallucinogens into our drinks without us knowing, thank you.

Warnings: I don't even know where to begin, so just trust that this chapter is weird as hell and ambiguously sexual ALL THE TIME. Also, if you like this chapter, go read Chinko no Tsubuyaki on Mangafox (or wherever you can find it).

Disclaimer: I… don't think Konomi-sensei would ever envision Tezuka having… er… you'll see…

The drive to wherever they were going took almost forty minutes, and with Fuji-sempai, Yukimura, Eiji-sempai, and even Kaidoh-sempai gossiping the entire way, Ryoma thought it was a very very very long forty minutes.

Yukimura parked the car at what looked like some sort of country club and got out, pausing to open the door on Kikumaru's side. He had been forced into the middle, lest he try to jump out of the car on the highway.

"Syusuke," Yukimura drew out the name ever so slightly, using an almost Atobe-like tone, "your taste in clothing is simply divine!"

"Why, thank you, Seiichi." Fuji gave a small bow.

Eiji wore black jeans that hugged in all the right places, though they were probably baggy on Fuji, and a solid blue t-shirt with elbow-length sleeves that brought out his eyes. While Fuji had selected the much-despised leather pants for Ryoma, along with a pastel blue shirt with only the middle two buttons done. Fishnets peeked from under the shirt.

"Where have you guys been? Mr. President is getting impatient!" Gakuto came out of the building, Ohtori by his side. "Get going!" He practically shoved them through the door the silver-haired second year was holding open.

Three hours later, the four of them poured out of the building with the rest of the Kantou region tennis circuit's ukes. Eiji and Ryoma were huddled together, whimpering, and Fuji sighed. "Oh, it wasn't that bad," he said, ushering them along toward the car, where Yukimura was already in the driver's seat, waiting for them. "Kaidoh and I have done it as well."

"Well, to be fair, Fuji-sempai, they did seem a bit more rowdy than usual tonight," Kaidoh said, helping Eiji into the backseat.

"You have no idea about rowdy, Kaidoh," Fuji replied. "When I joined it was just me, Gakuto, Mr. President, and Sei-chan here, and let me tell you, it was the greatest and most horrible experience of my life."

"I remember that night," Yukimura said, grinning. "The chocolate syrup-"

"And the baby carrots-"

"And the spoons!"

"Of course, I was the first inductee of the organization, so Mr. President handled my initiation entirely on his own." Yukimura sighed dreamily. "It was magical."

"I can't believe that guy's president," Ryoma said. Apparently he'd recovered enough to form whole sentences, though Eiji still looked a little stunned.

"Don't speak ill of Mr. President!" Fuji hissed. "He has eyes everywhere."

Back at the cabin Tezuka wasn't sleeping very well. He was having very… odd dreams.

His crotch was moving. He stared down at it. It wasn't a foreign object in his pants moving. It was his crotch. He sat down on his bed in his pajama pants and t-shirt and just stared.

Then he started hearing his name being yelled in a small muffled voice. It was coming from his crotch. He stood up and went over to the door, locking it hastily. He took a look at his closed blinds, just to double check, before he turned away from both door and window and pulled out the front of his pants.

"Ah! Fresh air! Hello, Tezuka!"

Tezuka looked at his… manly bits. Why was there a little chibi face on his penis? And why was it talking? And how did it know his name?

"Well, I'm not sure to the first two, but I'm your boyfriend, of course I know your name!" the penis said.

"You… are not real," Tezuka said firmly, letting the elastic of his pants snap back around his waist. He drew the waistband out again to check.

"Tezuka Kunimitsu! Don't you dare!"

The elastic snapped back. Tezuka rubbed his eyes and cleaned his glasses before checking a third time.

"So help me God, Tezuka, if you do that again I will give you a boner next time you see your mother!"

Tezuka blinked. "Fuji?"

"Who else do you expect to be so intimately familiar with your naughty bits that he knows where he is when he wakes up in them! Plus, I gave you these boxers. Silk with cactus-print. Ah! I had to order them from America , but the cost was worth it!"

"What is going on?"

"I'm not exactly sure. My spirit seems to have possessed your... well, it's obvious what it's possessed-I don't know what happened. Maybe something happened to my body...?"

Tezuka's eyes widened. What if Fuji was hurt? What if he was dead on the side of a road somewhere? "Fuji, stay quiet. I'm going to go tell Oishi you're missing."

"Are you sure that's a good idea?"

Tezuka ignored Fuji and pulled his pajama pants up around his struggling penis. He jogged to the room shared by the Golden Pair and Inui and Kaidoh and knocked.

"Tezuka?" Oishi asked as he opened the door. Eiji was peering over his shoulder. "What's wrong?"

"Something's-well, I don't know where Fuji is. I've checked the house," he lied quickly, "and he's not here, so-"

"TEZUKA!" Fuji's voice shouted, muffled. " Let-me-out!"

"Nya, that sounded like Fuji!" Eiji said, looking both ways down the hall. "Fujikoooo! Where are you?"

"In here, Eiji!" Fuji called.

Tezuka sighed. "Will you two promise to keep this quiet?"

They nodded, and Tezuka pulled his pants down, fighting a blush. It wasn't as if they hadn't seen it before, he reasoned.

"Fujiko?" Eiji knelt in front of Tezuka.

"Well at least someone recognizes me!" The Fuji-penis glared at Tezuka.

"You're so CUTE!" Eiji lightly rubbed the area that would be Fuji's cheek with his pointer finger.

Tezuka and Fuji both moaned.

"Oh! I'm so sorry, Buchou!" Eiji scuttled back.

Fuji stood erect. "Oh..." He panted a bit. "Tezuka, you don't jack off often enough."

"No, you're just horny!"

"Eiji, Oishi, please, help?" Fuji pleaded.

They looked at each other as Tezuka tried to pull up his pants and leave. Then hands were on him and he was on their bed. Eiji's hand wound around his cock and Oishi keeping him still.

"It makes sense, nya, Buchou."

"Maybe it will be more than just semen..." Oishi silenced Tezuka's words before he could speak with lips covering his mouth.

"Eiji!" Fuji panted .

"You're almost there, Fujiko." Eiji kissed his "cheek."

There were muffled shouts and then silence. Then from the corner of the room. "Tezuka? Eiji? Oishi? Get me out of here!"

They looked over at the toy chest in t he corner, where Fuji's panicked voice came from.

The box swiveled so they could see the sides with the B and C. The C cracked into a wide crazed grin, while the B turned flat side up and became eyes. The hole that had been drilled flitted around in one "eye" while the other "pupil" remained fixed on the trio on the bed.

"They can't help you now!" it whispered. "I've eaten you!" It let out a crazed giggle and then...

"Tezuka! Tezuka, wake up!" Oishi shook his shoulder.

Tezuka bolted into a sitting position, wiping sweat from his forehead. "What-where am I?"

"My room. What's-"

The captain sprang out of bed and pulled open the top of the box. It was empty. He let out a sigh of relief.

"Tezuka, what's the matter?"

Tezuka shook his head. "I had... a dream. A very, very strange dream. But-Fuji's fine."

"Of course he is. He, Eiji, Kaidoh, and Echizen are all in your bedroom, so you decided to sleep here, remember?"

"Yes." Tezuka sat back down. "I'm sorry I woke you."

"It's fine. What was the dream about? Fuji was hurt?"

"Not exactly." He glanced at the toy box. "Can we move that thing?"

"Um, sure." Oishi got out of bed, and together they moved the box into the hallway. "It is sort of creepy, isn't it? Eiji hates it, he says it takes him ages to fall asleep because he's worried it'll start giggling..."

Tezuka shuddered. "I don't want to talk about it anymore."

They cuddled up together in the small bed, and right when they'd almost fallen asleep-

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!"

Oishi shot out of bed and opened the door to see Eiji and Kaidoh cowering behind Fuji and Echizen. "Eiji! What's wrong?"

"That thing! It's following me!" he shouted, pointing a shaking finger at the box.

"No, Eiji, Tezuka had a weird dream about it so we moved it out here. Why aren't you guys in bed?"

"We...we needed to go to the bathroom, and it's dark and creepy out here so we came together!" Fuji laughed.

Tezuka stepped towards Fuji. "Promise me that you will never buy me cactus print boxers."

Fuji quirked an eyebrow. "Have you been rifling through my underwear drawer again, Kunimitsu?"

Tezuka facepalmed. " No! No, I just...Promise me?"

"I won't give you cactus print boxers?" Fuji smiled uncertainly.

"Thank you."

"Now go back to bed, and if you start any kinky business with Oishi, we won't mind. 'Kay?" He smirked and shoved them back into the bedroom.

"What was that about?" Inui had sat up and put his glasses on.

"Nothing," the captains answered in stereo.

"That was a close call!" Eiji said as they crept around the kitchen.

"Very," Kaidoh answered.

"What was wrong with Tezuka-buchou?" Ryoma asked, clambering onto the counter to reach the case of Ponta on top of the fridge.

"He had a nightmare," Fuji answered, pulling sundae toppings from the fridge.

"How do you know?" Eiji asked.

"Whenever he has a nightmare he makes me promise not to do something. So far there's been never make fashion dolls of us, never stick carrots inside me, never eat tripe, and now never buy me cactus print boxers..."

The others stared at him blankly. "Nya, Tezuka-buchou has really weird dreams," Eiji said.

"You have no idea. The carrots? That came from a dream he had in which Yukimura kidnapped him and tied him up in a basement and tortured him with vegetables and medieval sex toys."

Tezuka and Oishi did not get up to any kinky business, despite Fuji's assurances that he and Eiji wouldn't mind. Tezuka was really too concerned with checking to make sure his penis wasn't sentient every few minutes to even think about sex, and anyway, he figured he'd had enough sexual experimentation and was quite happy to be completely monogamous for the rest of his life.

He walked to his bedroom in the morning to get fresh clothes and was met with the sight of the four ukes curled up together on the bed. He shook his head, smiling, and knelt by his suitcase.

"Mm... Mitsu?" Fuji blinked sleepily at him. The tensai detached himself from Eiji and Echizen and sat on his knees next to Tezuka, leaning against his boyfriend's side.

"Morning," Tezuka greeted, turning his head sideways to kiss Fuji's cheek. "Sleep well?"

"Okay. I missed you."

"I missed you too. Get your clothes," Tezuka whispered.

Fuji nodded and went over to his suitcase quietly.

"You guys are loud..." Ryoma grumbled, sitting up. "Can I go sleep in my room now, Fuji-sempai?"

"I'm not stopping you, Echizen."

Ryoma got out of the bed slowly and trudged down the hall to the room he shared with Taka and Momo.

"He's so cute when he's sleepy, ne, Tezuka?"

Tezuka smiled ever so slightly and guided the tensai to the bathroom.

"We have to stop meeting like this." Eiji smiled at Kaidoh, who blushed.

"K-Kikumaru-sempai," Kaidoh stuttered. "I-I'm gonna go back to the room."

"Aw, and leave me all alone?"

"Come with me," Kaidoh said without thinking, then mentally facepalmed. "I mean. So you can sleep with Oishi-sempai."

Eiji giggled. "I know, Kaoru-chan. Come on." The acrobat hopped off the bed, pulling Kaidoh with him down the hall to their bedroom.

Fuji braced himself against the tiled wall of the shower as Tezuka slowly pushed inside him, his hands on the tensai's slim hips for better leverage.

"Mm, Mitsu," Fuji groaned, "harder..."

"Buchou! Fuji-sempai! Make it quick, will you?"

"There are other bathrooms in this house, Momo!" Fuji growled.

"But my toothbrush is in there!"

"Oh, for the love of-fine, come in and get it then!"

"But you're doing it!" Momo protested. There was a pause, and then they heard the door creak open. "This is so gross, this is so gross, this is so-"

"You're lucky I don't pull the shower curtain back!"

"Syusuke!"

"Won't Fuji be angry when he finds out you left?" Inui mumbled into Kaidoh's hair.

"He let Echizen leave." Kaidoh snuggled against Inui's chest.

"I see. You're going back to sleep aren't you?"

"I hoped to."

"May I have a good morning kiss first then?"

"I haven't brushed my teeth. My mouth will taste gross," Kaidoh said sleepily.

"I don't care and you know it." Inui tilted the younger boy's head up for a kiss.

When they parted Kaidoh quickly resumed his place tucked snuggly against his sempai. However he did lean forward and kiss Inui's neck.

"That's unfair, Kaoru." Inui pouted. Kaidoh could feel something familiar poking his thigh.

"Hey! Don't do grown up things while we're in the room!" Eiji threw a pillow at them, apparently having overheard part of the hushed conversation. Eiji laid back down and fit himself against Oishi's shoulder and slept.

Ryoma glared at Momo from under the duvet.

"Oh, hey! When did you get here?"

"When you weren't here."

"Yeah, I went to get my toothbrush. I had to go all the way downstairs to brush my damn teeth. I would've been fine if Fuji-sempai and Buchou knew how to keep their hands off each other, but I definitely wasn't going to just stand there while they were screwing, so-what do you look so mad for?"

Ryoma said nothing, just rolled over.

"...Are you mad be cause I wasn't here when you came in?" Momo grinned and pounced on top of the freshman, nuzzling his cheek. "You're so cute!"

"Idiot."

Momo just laughed and snuggled under the blankets, wrapping his arms around Ryoma's waist.

"Get off me."

"Only if you say those three special words..."

"Go fuck yourself?"

"The other ones."

"Fine. I love you. Now let me go."

"No."

"You said..." Ryoma stopped. Fuji's words from yesterday about trying to be nicer to Momo sounding in his head. He relaxed a bit, though Momo would probably just take it as annoyed acceptance.

"Syusuke, do I really have the personality of burnt toast?" Tezuka looked very unsure.

Fuji shrugged, not pausing in rubbing his hair with the towel. "It depends on who you're around and how well they know you."

Tezuka muttered something as he pulled up his jeans.

"Hm?"

"You have enough personality for both of us anyway."

Fuji stuck his tongue out at the taller brunette after he pulled his shirt over his head.

They tossed their towels in the hamper and went downstairs.

"Ryoma?"

"Hm?" Ryoma was still tired.

"Taka-san went to get a shower," Momo said almost cautiously.

"Mhm..." Ryoma cuddled closer into their spooning position.

"So..."

"So what, Momo-sempai?"

"So don't you get morning wood?"

Ryoma sat up and looked at his sempai as if it was a completely foreign idea. "No..."

Momo sighed frustratedly. "Okay. Go back to sleep."

"Well..." The freshman leaned down hesitantly and kissed his boyfriend softly. "I've never gotten it before... Maybe you could... help it along?"

Momo grinned. "I'd be happy to."

Eiji walked past Momo and Ryoma's room on the way to the bathroom. He paused outside the door, listening curiously. "Nya," he said to himself, pouting, "of all people to be having sex in the morning. I wish Oishi and I had our own room."

"You could use the bathroom..." Fuji smirked as he walked past him.

"Hey, Fujiko."

"Ryuzaki-sensei and Tezuka are trying to figure out what we're doing today, so you have plenty of time to fool around in the shower." He tapped the redhead's nose and skipped into his room.

"What was that about?" Oishi came up behind his partner.

Eiji grabbed the brunette's hand and pulled him into the bathroom exuberantly.

And once again, Inui thought bitterly as he came downstairs, having passed both Momo and Echizen's room and the bathroom, everyone is having sex but me.

Well, Tezuka and Fuji weren't, at the moment, but there was an eighty-three percent chance they already had at some point this morning. Even with Ryomoka gone, he and Kaidoh still weren't having much sex, and it was torturous.

"Inui," Tezuka said, "do you have any ideas for what we can do today?"

You can all leave so Kaoru has no excuse to refuse sex, Inui thought. "Perhaps we could find a tennis court."

"We already called around, all the tennis courts here require memberships to the private clubs that own them." Tezuka leaned back in his chair. He also wanted to play tennis. It was stressful.

"Inui-sempai?" Kaidoh called down the stairs, wondering where his boyfriend had wandered off to.

"He's probably downstairs with Kunimitsu, Kaidoh." They heard Fuji's voice from the top of the stairwell.

There was a pause and a soft "Of course, Fuji-sempai." before two sets of footsteps started down the stairs. They could only assume Fuji had whispered something to Kaidoh.

"I thought we might get some ideas from the house diary." Fuji held up the innocuous book.

A spark ran down Tezuka's spine at the book. He stood up and plucked the book from Fuji's hand. He went over to the kitchen desk and opened the top drawer. The book was dropped in and the door shut rather loudly. Ryuzaki, Taka, Inui, and Kaidoh could do nothing but stare. Fuji smirked. Giggling boxes. He knew what he was doing today.

"I'll go see about... ahem, getting up Momo and Ryoma, and find out if Oishi and Eiji have any ideas." Fuji smiled as he turned to go upstairs.

Tezuka resisted the urge to bang his head against a convenient wall. Fuji was going to go upstairs and slip into the bathroom and probably grope the Golden Pair. If not then he'd scare them, leaving Eiji to pout at him all day.

"How about a scavenger hunt?" Ryuzaki-sensei suggested with a shrug. "It'd be a fun thing to do on the last day. We could make up lists of things to do or find and go into the city..."

"That sounds like fun," Taka agreed. "And we could be on teams of-Ryuzaki-sensei, would you want to play?"

"Not at all. I'll be glad to have the cabin to myself. It feels like years since I haven't had to hear someone screwing right above my bedroom..."

"Teams of three, then," Taka decided. "What do you think, Tezuka?"

"I think it's a good idea, as long as you don't let Fuji, Kikumaru, or Inui have any influence over the lists."

"What a mean thing to say, Mitsu," Fuji said as he came down the stairs.

"What a smart thing to say, you mean," Ryuzaki-sensei said. "We both know the sorts of things that would be on the list if you had control of it."

"Why don't we each get to pick something on the list?" Oishi tried to placate both halves of the couple. "That's fair, don't you think?"

"Well then, my item will be a bird's nest," Fuji said, grabbing a few sheets of stationary off the kitchen desk. He wrote down each of their names. "Bird's Nest" was written next to his.

He handed the paper and pen to Tezuka.

Momo and Ryoma came down at that point. "What're we doing today, Buchou?"

"Scavenger hunt."

"We're each picking an item that we will have to find in the strip mall." Oishi handed him the paper after he was done writing on it.

"We should pick random teams, just to be fair." Taka began writing all their names on another piece of paper, and tearing it into strips. "Ryuzaki-sensei, would you pick the teams?"

Ryuzaki-sensei plucked Ryoma's cap from his head and put the little slips of paper in it, then shook the hat to mix them up. "On team one we have Tezuka... Fuji... and Kawamura."

Oh, dear, Fuji thought, I hope Tezuka's not still sensitive about Taka-san's little crush on me...

"Team two is Ryoma, Eiji, and Inui."

Ryoma groaned. They were going to torture him all day.

"Which leaves Oishi, Momo, and Kaidoh on team three."

Momo and Kaidoh glared daggers at each other while Oishi tried to calm them down.

Ryuzaki-sensei sighed. She was glad she wasn't going.

Oishi looked over the list. Tezuka wanted them to find bonsai tree, Fuji a bird's nest, Eiji strawberry candy, Taka-san a marble, Inui a condom, Kaidoh a bandana, Momo a sweatband, Ryoma Ponta, and he thought they should find a bell.

"This place might have bandanas and sweat bands." He led the other two into a typical souvenir shop.

"What are you looking for, Fujiko?" Taka asked as he and Tezuka followed the tensai. Fuji had been walking around this area, looking up. He stopped and opened his hands in front of him. The wind picked up, blowing Tezuka's hair into his face, and a small, neatly formed bird's nest fell into Fuji's open hands.

"I didn't want the eggs to get hurt." Fuji cradled the little nest close to his chest. He walked back over to Taka and Tezuka, showing them the little blue eggs.

Taka looked rather frightened. "F-Fujiko?"

"Don't ask," Tezuka muttered as Fuji skipped away. Similar incidents had occurred in the past, and Tezuka no longer questioned Fuji's innate power to control the wind.

Without letting his teammates know where he was going, Ryoma walked straight toward the supermarket, where he knew he would find Ponta.

"Nya, Ochibi," Eiji whined, catching up with him as they entered the store, "don't just wander off like that!"

"I'm getting Ponta," the freshman replied. "...Should we get a case?"

"Don't we only need one can?"

"I'll drink them."

"True..."

"The supermarket is a good choice to start actually. We can get Echizen's Ponta, your candy, and possibly Oishi's bell if they have pet supplies and Tezuka's bonsai tree if they have a gardening center." Inui picked up a shopping basket and followed Ryoma.

"Oh!" Eiji smiled and hopped after Inui.

"Hey! I found a bell!" Momo picked up a small gold bell with a handle on it from a shelf of knick-knacks.

"That's three down. The candy shop is right across the street for the candy and I think there was a drink machine around here somewhere where we can get a can of Ponta." He recognized the area from the other day.

"I remember seeing a store with lots of plants in it near the pet shop when we had to find Eiji-sempai the other day. We should go that way next."

"A bonsai tree, and a bell." Fuji pointed the items out to Taka, hands still cupping the nest.

Tezuka was glad they found the items, there was incense burning all over this store and it was starting to make him light-headed.

"And now..." Taka looked thoughtful. "We could go to the supermarket. There's a lot of stuff we could find there."

"Good idea, Taka-san," Fuji praised, smiling. Tezuka resisted the urge to huff.

Once in the store, they headed straight to the sweets section, where they saw Eiji, Inui, and Ryoma coming down the other end. Fuji paused, as did Eiji. The tensai turned to Tezuka and handed him the nest. "Don't let anything happen to it," he warned.

He and Eiji walked toward each other, meeting halfway. On the shelf to their left was a single box of strawberry candies.

They stared at each other for at least a minute, and then Eiji went for the box. Fuji's hand shot up, but Eiji had it. The redhead smirked. Fuji's gaze narrowed, and he tackled Eiji to the ground.

"F-Fuji!" Taka protested. "You're going to get us kicked out-"

Fuji sprang up from the ground, the candy in his hand, and sprinted triumphantly past Tezuka and Taka.

"Fujiko! You big jerk!" Eiji yelled, following after the tensai.

Tezuka sighed. "Let's keep looking around, I suppose."

Taka waved at Inui and Ryoma as they left the aisle. So far the had the bell and tree, the nest, Ponta from a machine outside the store, and maybe the candy.

"They might have bandanas in the pet section," Taka suggested. He winced as he heard something crash a few aisles down.

They turned down that aisle to see a pouting Fuji buried under boxes of cereal.

"Fujiko!" Taka helped Fuji up from the floor and straightened his hair and shirt. "You and Eiji shouldn't do things like that. You're going to get in trouble or get hurt!"

Tezuka watched helplessly while Taka-san interacted with the little brunette. He couldn't do anything while he was holding Fuji's nest.

"They'll probably have those candies up at the check out too anyways." Taka steered Fuji toward Tezuka with a hand on his back.

"They'll have condoms there too," Fuji quipped. He stopped in front of Tezuka with an apologetic smile and re-situated the bird's nest in his hands.

"I wonder who'll get to keep the condoms," Fuji said thoughtfully. "There are three boxes and four couples. Five, if you count you and An-chan, Taka-san."

"You two, Inui and Kaidoh, and the Golden Pair, probably," Taka-san said, tossing a box of condoms on the conveyor belt, along with the strawberry candy they had indeed found at the front of the store. "You have the most sex. An-chan and I aren't... you know."

"Yet," Fuji added, smiling at Taka's blush. "You're too cute, Taka-san."

Tezuka's fists clenched. Now Fuji was doing it on purpose just to make him mad.

Fuji looked back at him. "Taka-san, can you hold the nest while I go to the bathroom? Mitsu, why don't you come with me?"

"Why?"

"Just because. Come on."

Tezuka let Fuji drag him past the check out lines and into the bathroom at the front of the store. "Mitsu, I never thought I'd see you so jealous."

"You saw me jealous two days ago," Tezuka said evasively.

"You know what I mean. I'm not interested in Taka-san, you know that."

"He's interested in you, and you were flirting with him."

"It's a totally innocent crush, and you know perfectly well I flirt with everyone."

"And we've talked about that, haven't we?"

"Mitsu, he's straight. If anything, it's insulting that he has a crush on me."

"You're just making it worse by flirting with him then."

Fuji reached up on his tip-toes and kissed Tezuka. "All right. I'll be a good boy."

They exited the bathroom looking slightly more at ease than when they'd left. Taka-san was waiting for them at the store's entrance.

"Look what I found while I was chasing Fujiko!" Eiji said, holding up a cereal box.

"Cereal?" Ryoma raised an eyebrow.

"No, silly! The prize in the cereal is a collector's edition Hello Kitty marble!" Eiji placed the box of cereal and the strawberry candies in Inui's basket.

"We got the bell, but they don't have bonsai trees here," Inui said.

"They had them at the pet shop I was at." It earned him funny looks. "They look nice in terrariums!" He crossed his arms. "WHAT!"

"Nothing. Which way is it?" Inui asked as they approached the checkout.

Momo studied the list, frowning. "Damn, where are we supposed to find all this stuff?"

"There are a hundred stores here, idiot," Kaidoh said, snatching the list.

"Give it back!"

"No!"

"Bastard-"

Oishi twitched. "Will you two just go have sex and get it out of your systems?"

They blinked. "What?"

"There's more sexual tension between you two than between Atobe and Shishido," Oishi said. "And if you do it once you'll probably stop fighting so much."

They twitched and looked at each other, then said, "EWWWW!" in unison like a pair of small children.

"Besides, we have the bandana, sweatband, bell, candy, and Ponta. They probably have marbles here." Oishi led them into a toy shop, where they found marbles easily enough.

"Ya' know what I just thought, Oishi-sempai?" Momo asked as they left the little shop to go find the pet shop for a bonsai tree and possibly a nest.

"What?"

"Most bathrooms have condom dispensers in them."

Oishi blushed. "We'll um... check the next one we pass."

"Is he going to fall?" Ryoma asked, looking up.

"There's only a two point five percent chance, but we probably shouldn't tell Oishi still," Inui replied.

Eiji had shimmied up a lamp post to get the bird's next he saw on top of it.

"Hoi! Hoi! I got it!" He twirled down the pole and presented Inui with the nest, smiling widely.

Ryoma snorted. Eiji looked like a professional stripper coming off of that pole, and he didn't think twice about it.

Momo shoved the condom in his pocket and left the bathroom. Oishi and Kaidoh were waiting for him outside, and when he joined them they continued down the street. "Now all that's left is the bird's nest," Oishi said, checking the condom off the list.

"Can't believe you think we should do it," Momo grumbled. "I'm not attracted to the Mamushi at all."

"I'm not attracted to you either, stupid monkey!"

"You're both lying," Oishi said. "I bet if you asked Inui and Echizen, they wouldn't mind. Inui'd want the data, and Echizen gets sick of you fighting so often."

"Inui-sempai won't agree 'cause the Mamushi's a prude!"

"Just because I don't want to have sex with anything that walks..."

"HEY!" Oishi stepped between the two. "We only have one more thing to find, and then we win. You don't want to lose, right?"

"Definitely not!" they answered together.

"Then let's go find a bird's nest!"

"Here's a bell and a bonsai!" Eiji carried their purchases to Inui, who stood at the entrance.

"Now we just need a bandana and a sweatband."

"This way..."

"In here!" Eiji pulled them into a shop, where they made their last two purchases and raced back to their meeting point.

"We won!" Eiji bounced up and down, looking to make sure neither of the other teams were there.

Tezuka, Fuji, and Taka arrived next, closely followed by Oishi, Momo, and Kaidoh's team.

"Ah, well, it was fun," Taka-san said sheepishly. "Congratulations!"

"Nya, thanks, Taka-san!" Eiji said, bouncing toward the car. "And now you guys have to do whatever Inui, Ochibi, and me tell you to do!"

Everyone groaned. It was going to be a long day.

On the way home, Oishi somehow managed to convince Momo and Kaidoh to ride in the same car, so he and Ryoma rode with them in Inui's car. He figured it was the best place to breach the subject with Inui and Echizen since he knew Momo and Kaidoh wouldn't do it themselves.

"So," he said, "Momo and Kaidoh want to have sex."

A/N: Oh yes. It's exactly what you're thinking.

Scarlet: This is all her doing. ALL HER. I HATE THIS PAIRING SO EFFING MUCH IT'S NOT FUNNY~~~~~~~~~~~~~~!

Katie: Oh, get over it. Besides, you wrote MomoKai into the InuiFuji Mpreg Drabble completely of your own volition.

Also, I want to say that the teams were pulled completely at random and just happened to be awesomely hilarious.

Scarlet: THAT WAS NOT IN AN INUKAI-VERSE. PRE-ESTABLISHED. FOURSOME WAS COMBINATION OF COUPLES, NOT PAIRING-RAPE!

Katie: Seriously. It's not that big of a deal.

Scarlet: Fuck. You. I am SO not cuddling you tonight.

Katie: Oh, how ever will I survive. /sarcasm

Scarlet: With cold feet and no blankets.

Katie: Fuck you. I'll sleep on the couch. …Not really, it's my bed. But I'll BRING blankets.

Scarlet: Kurogane.

Katie: Not playing this game. …I lost the game.

Scarlet: Fuck. You. Fuck you. FUCK YOU….bitch…

Katie: :D I love you.