"Why so shy Honeybutt?"
An unexpected hand felt upon a thigh sliding gingerly up beneath the short skirt of an all about business Waitress found it's final resting place on her left butt cheek as she stood taking their order. Three fishermen fresh off the boat sat frisky and needing attention after two weeks at sea. Her courter's fingers slipping barely under her thin white panties made her fidget. While it felt nice to be touched, she worried what the other customers might think.
"What can I get you Gentlemen?" She softly smiles with hesitance in her eye, not just of being caught but of her thoughts that this was something she had fantasized about.
"What's tasty?" One of the other men perked up turning his ballcap backwards as if expressing some swagger he truly didn't have.
"I bet she is." The third man with a lengthy brown beard chuckled, rubbing his chin.
"You on the menu Sweetheart?" Her assailant grinned with a cocked eyebrow, "She's a trembling boys."
"Ain't pulling away though Pete."
"I think she likes your hand on her ass." The second man Castor puckered then reached out to run his own hand up beneath her skirt to mimic Pete's embrace. With two hands on her ass, fingers beneath her panties the waitress bit her lip.
"Everything alright over there Midnight?" Another waitress behind a counter noted their less than respectful behavior.
"Midnight? That's a pretty nifty name for a lovely young gal." Pete nodded,
"Everything okay over here Miss Midnight?" The girl nodded with a nibble to her lower lip. Reluctantly looking back at the other waitress over her shoulder, Midnight Amador shared her acknowledgment that she was in good hands. Never wanting trouble Midnight always remained calm. Normally any handsy flirtations ended quickly. At age 19 Midnight was new to adulthood yet not completely hidden from society. She was just quiet, in her own thoughts mostly. All of her life she had discovered two things about herself, one being that confrontation was never wise, and defiance was not in her persona. Even in high school she was pushed around until she blossomed into the beauty she was today.
At 5'4, 110 pounds, her skin tone golden brown befitting her heritage as half Spaniard, half Native American of the Santee tribes of Coastal South Carolina, Midnight was the furthest thing from being unattractive. Ordinarily she would never wear short skirts but the restaurant Owner Olan required a hint of sensuality to lure in customers. Her tips were quite good overall so she became more aware of her attire. Other waitresses showed off more than Midnight did and banked a nice living. Slowly but surely she was adapting.
"The cod is fresh today." Midnight spoke as their fingers slipped deeper beneath her panties at an angle, tips discovering her crack. A light squeeze between them pried her cheeks apart just enough to make her share a nervous gasp. Exploring her face for panic the men found only eyes awaiting their order. A cleared throat from the waitress at the counter eased the men into retreating.
"Place of business." The waitress Naomi pointed out, Midnight remaining calm with doe like eyes, her long raven black hair pinned back revealed a beautiful neckline, her white waitress uniform unbuttoned just enough to accent her golden arches, firm 34D's, the size ofttimes making her self-conscious over them. She knew guys liked them but she had to live with her burdens. Although understanding her good looks she tended to feel insecure that she just wasn't enough. Obviously these three gents liked what they were seeing, feeling up. Encouragement at best.
"Can I get a refill?" A voice from the next table over lifted a coffee cup. The man was sitting alone reading and writing in a large diary of sorts, keeping to himself overall but eying the clientele with interest. With the seaside diner only having 12 booth style tables and a lengthy counter near the kitchen it was seated sparingly. Only six tables were occupied, three barstools at the counter.
"Wait your turn Amigo." Pete turned in his seat to leer back at the Hispanic male wearing a black t-shirt tightly fitting a very intense frame of chiseled muscle tone. Not any bodybuilder but thin in shape, broad shoulders and severely lacking in any paunch. His arms were covered in sleeves of all things Asian respect tattoos. Single Samurai's, katanas, and cherry blossoms adorned both arms down to the knuckles. Wrapping the knuckles appeared to be tightening ropes that literally circled his hands even over the palms. The ropes on his palms were alone without any other shading around them. As if his hands were tied. They obviously had some inner meaning.
"I got it Midnight." Naomi walked from behind the counter with a pot of coffee. Strutting to the loner's table she filled his cup, "Sorry Handsome. The locals get a little unrestrained." It was then she noticed his hand tats. "Interesting artwork. Culture clash?"
"Only to you. I was stationed in Yokohama Japan. Marines."
"No Carolina accent. Vacationing?"
"From New York. Tired of the big city and needed some fresh air. Flew down in my Cessna with plans to buy into the area."
"Pilot then."
"I am. One of my occupations."
"If you own a plane you must have money."
"I'm doing okay." He eyes Midnight finally finishing her tables order.
"Well welcome to the waves Handsome. I apologize for Midnight's behavior. She's shy and has no defense mechanism. Santee blood but not a fierce bone in her beautiful body."
"Santee?"
"Local tribe. Her Momma is full blooded Santee. Her Daddy is from Spain."
"Interesting bloodline. Midnight you say?"
"Yep! Midnight Isabella Amador. Her Momma named her because she was born at the stroke of midnight. Tribal thing I reckon."
"Thanks. I'll see you around again I'm sure. I'm scouting for a property in the area. Borrowed a buddies beach house for the summer while he's off in Guam to get me started."
"Midnight's Aunt Tilly is a Realtor, you might ask about her to help narrow things down." Naomi glances to see Midnight stepping toward the kitchen to pin up her order for the Cook, "Your ribeye should be coming up shortly. I'll let Midnight bring it over seeing as you are seated at her table."
"What happened to my other waitress?"
"Lynette clocked out. Her kid got in trouble at school again. Long story."
"Midnight is fine."
"Isn't she?' Naomi winked, "Single too."
"Duly noted." He toasted her with his coffee. Leaving his side Naomi met up with Midnight at the drink fountain.
"Sweetie? Why do you let people treat you so badly? You don't deserve that kind of treatment." She hugged the girl from the side as Midnight shrugs lightly.
"I'm okay. I'm used to abuse."
"Sometimes I think you like it."
"Yes, sometimes." She mumbles. More than she freely admitted!
"You are an extraordinary young woman Midnight. Please don't be so hard on yourself."
"I... can't help it."
"As Nancy Reagan used to preach...just say no."
"I don't want to."
Sighing Naomi knew she was talking to a wall, "Just be careful." As Midnight filled her drink glasses Naomi added with a tug to her apron strings, "Oh! That handsome man in black over there wants to move here to Caretaker, I think he's rich." A wink went right over Midnight's head, she had no concept of worth. A thin scowl Naomi patted her on the shoulder, "Share your Aunt Tilly's number with him. Tilly can use the commission of selling a house in this sad ass market."
"Okay!"
"ANY DAY MIDNIGHT!" Pete the troublemaker called out, "Dying of thirst here."
Jumping a bit at her table's insistence she succumbed to being too slow and avoided Naomi further, holding three glasses of soda tightly together in transport. Shuffling toward the trio of local terrorists she approached with trepidation. Reaching the table, she bent at the knee slightly to sit the glasses down without spilling them. Successful at first she moved each drink in front of the proper order. The man in the back of the booth being further away required her to stretch a bit. In doing this Pete reached in front of her and hooked a finger between her cleavage, capturing the center of her bra holding her forward. Eyes flaring, she shivered at being so strangely captured. "Will you look at those titties Castor? Now that's perfection." Unwilling to believe that she was perfect in any way she felt Castor unbutton the top two buttons of her shirt for an even better look. She felt helpless but rather liked the feeling of no control. Afraid to fight back she merely found her limbs frozen in time.
"Even better now Pete." The third man spoke then casually tips his drink over spilling it on the tabletop. "Damn I'm clumsy. Got any napkins on ya Miss Midnight?"
"I can go get some." She managed in a soft-spoken tone.
"Naaa!" Castor winced shaking his head, "I found a napkin right here." His hand slid back up under her skirt and pinched the waistband of her white panties and slowly peeled them down over her ass. Having gone to the kitchen to assist the Cook, Naomi was not there to rescue her this time. Whimpering ever so expectedly Midnight felt her panties slide over her inner thighs, a tender wisp of air flow tickling her wetness. Helpless yet enamored by their interest in her she just let Castor stand up behind her and kneel enough to guide her panties to her work shoes. All around them customers were shocked but afraid to intervene. Such was the populace of the town of Caretaker. Always looking out for themselves, not one another. Weak knees were well known in these parts.
Castor removing Midnight's panties from her feet admired her bare ass with interest, tossing her underwear over her body to land on the table. "Wipe that mess up Virgil."
"Can I get another refill?"
"Waitress is a little busy Chi Chi."
The racist slurs were rising more and more utilizing stereotypical names to mock the man in black. High seas hicks had no sympathy. Castor lifted Midnight's skirt for a stunning reveal, administering a shit eating grin, "Clam bake Boys." Midnight's pussy was tight beyond measure, having been with one man ever, not consensual at that. Not even her parents knew of her rape at 16 by a much older man, someone she couldn't possibly know in the darkness of night. A stranger that treated her like some slave, brutally fucking her and leaving her lay in the weeds to cry. Tears that retreated unexpectedly, in favor of an emotion she had trouble deciphering. Part of her...liked it. Her thoughts finding the rape to be thrilling rather than humiliating and mentally destructive, lost control revealing what her soul was all about. She never saw that man again, if you could call it that, never actually seeing his face. Being incapacitated in such an environment in front of customers unwilling to defend her was frightfully arousing.
"HEY!" Naomi made her triumphant return with the Cook right behind her after spotting the situation from the service ledge. The Cook, a gay man of Santee origin named Rupert held his cell up showing 9-1-1 in ready. "That's enough! Behave or get out." Naomi was the only one in the place with any balls. A snapped glance toward the man in black Naomi found him engrossed in his writing. Without looking up from his book he lifted his coffee cup for that refill. Naomi realized he was well aware of the trouble in hand but was staying out of it.
"I have 9-1-1 on my phone. Leave our girl Midnight be. Don't make me dial Dolan." Rupert sounded flamboyant but stood his ground with a fierce expression. Seeing the cell ready to call out Pete removed his hooked finger from Midnight's bra, Castor standing up to release her skirt. Virgil held on to her sopped underwear.
Rising slowly Midnight removed three straws from her apron pouch and returned to work. Moving around Naomi who just scowled at her, the dining crew let the fisherman calm down at their booth. Before Naomi could say anything, she saw Midnight discover the man in blacks' steak and baked potato on the serving ledge. Claiming his order along with the pot of coffee she made her way past Naomi as if nothing had happened. Rupert shrugged and went on back to the kitchen.
Sitting his plate in front of him the man in black ignored Midnight but held his cup poised while holding his book open. Her eyes curious she glanced at the opened pages to see diagrams of various poses of women in bondage situations. Artwork done by his own hand. Nearly overfilling his cup in her lost notice she stopped filling right at the brim. "You keep a level head as much as you pour a level cup of coffee I see." She merely smiled. "You didn't panic."
"Should I have?" She mumbled with a lowered gaze. "Steak sauce?"
"No! I like to maintain the natural order of things."
"Butter? Sour cream?"
"Neither. I hear your Aunt is a realtor."
"Yes, she is. I can write down her number if you want it." She finds her pen in her apron and clicks it. In response he turns his book to face her pointing at the unillustrated top portion of a page to scribble in the number. Watching her hand tremble at trying to write and look at his drawings at the same time, his attention lured in to see her eyes flaring, almost sparkling like diamonds of light on the ocean. She was beautiful, up close even more mesmerizing.
"Troubles?" He found her hand unable to write the last four digits.
"N-no! I like your drawings."
"Being nosey?" He sips his coffee, returning to avoiding her gaze.
"I suppose. They are very realistic."
"Sketches, nothing more." She completes the phone number with the name Tilly Cooper. Knowing Midnight's last name, he concluded her Aunt to be on her Mother's side, that or she was married. "You can go now." He invites her to fade away while he cuts his steak and takes his first bite, embracing the texture and flavoring. Having requested no seasoning at all the beef was delicious if not plain to some unavoidable pallets. Nick Sanchez was complex in every way. A mystery man indeed.
Going back to her station at hearing a bell ping informing another order pickup Midnight delivered to a table to the back of the diner. A sweet older couple on a date for the first time in years felt compelled to pat her hand as if apologizing for not showing more courage during her hostile takeover earlier. She smiled and thanked them for not interfering at their age.
Chef Rupert, moving quickly produced the seafood order for the fishermen startling Midnight with another bell. Touring her tables for refills would have to wait. Securing her platters, she made her way back to Pete, Castor and Virgil. Hungry eyes found Midnight more appealing than their lunch. Serving them in order she was prepared to turn away when Pete dropped his fork under the table. "Can you grab that Sweetheart?"
"I can get a clean fork."
"I'm partial to that one." He grins with a hint of "Do as you're told.", in his eyes. Picking up on his reaction Midnight dropped to her knees and began to reach for the fork when Castor kicked it back further. Breath held she stretched even further for it. To her surprise she found Virgil's dick hanging out to her left and paused. Wagging it at her without even looking under the table she swallowed dryly and admired the size of it. While hesitating Castor, looking to the kitchen for precaution reached in behind Midnight and again lifted her skirt. Rubbing her bare ass first he slid his fingers up between her legs and caressed her pussy, tilting his middle finger in to locate her clit. Tensing up she huffed twice at his touch of intimacy, only to feel his thumb gently massaging her butt pucker. She closed her eyelids and bit her lip. It felt wonderful. Knowing a scene would begin all over again she grabbed the fork and attempted retreat. Strangely Castor just gave up and let her rise to her feet.
"Your fork Sir." She sat it in front of Pete. Glancing at Castor she found him licking the fingers he had touched her with.
"Finger licking good." Castor winked.
"Thank you." She mumbled faintly and stepped away to begin a refill run of beverages, tea pitcher in one hand, coffee in another. Returning to Nick Sanchez she offered to refill his cup but a palm over his cup changed her mind. "How is your steak?"
"Where's my Sir?" He quietly ignored her visually.
"How is your steak Sir?"
"Decent. You're pretty calm under pressure. Fear?"
"No...Sir."
"You can stop referring me as Sir now. I just wanted to see if you had it in you Midnight Isabella Amador."
"You know my full name?" She paused to peer at Naomi presuming that was how he was so well informed.
"It's a strong name for such a weak girl."
"Weak?"
"You have no fight in you."
"I...was raised to respect my elders."
"Even when they paw you up?" She didn't know how to reply, choosing a simple but informative shrug. "Maybe I should join the festivities." He dared to use his knife to lift the front of her skirt until he could see her pussy and a rather dark patch of unattended fur. "Trim that." He then let her skirt fall. Her eyelids refused to blink at his own unexpected foray into her private areas. "I could use a napkin myself."
"I'll get some."
"I'll take that one." He nodded toward the fishermen. Peering over Pete she saw her sopping wet cola stained panties on top of the table and reacted sheepishly for a single breath before stepping to sit her pitcher and pot on an empty table top. Abandoning it she approached the predators with bravery. "May I have my panties back?"
"Sure!" Virgil winked then slid them further away, next to the window. Pete and Castor both acted like gentlemen in waving a hand as if to say, "After you." With no hesitation Midnight maneuvered their table setting of food and drink to reach for her underwear. They were just out of reach without knocking things over. Considering her difficulty Midnight drew back and changed course. With Nick's table next to theirs she slid into Nick's booth opposite his seat. On her knees she stretched over the seat back next to Pete to claim her hostage panties. Within reach of it Virgil moved them on her, closer to the edge of his side of the table. Forced to rise higher Midnight's skirt rose in behind, her bare bottom facing Nick. Admiring her ingenuity Sanchez took in her clam and revealed fur as she reached dramatically for them. Finally in her possession she safely retreated to Nick's booth.
Crawling from the seat to stand next to Nick's table she placed her damp panties neatly on his table. "I apologize for taking so long. They...are wet."
"So was that." He used his fork to point at her lap with a bite of steak on its prongs. Eying her lap he brought his fork back and put it in his mouth. Patting her underwear, he opted to lift them and dab the corners of his mouth. She stared without expression. "What kind of pie do you have?"
Pete leered back over his shoulder, "A damn sweet piece of cherry pie."
"I was asking her. Enjoy your lunch." Nick glared for being interrupted.
"Don't make me come over there and feed you the rest of that steak." Pete snarled.
"Peach pie." Midnight attempted to sway any further fuss.
"Vanilla ice cream to make an ala mode?" His taste buds although preferring natural flavors, some things were a perfect union.
"Yes."
"Go get it." Nick nodded as she twirled in step making her way to the kitchen. While gone Pete turned further around and winced. Before he could get up to show off his threat Nick sighed, "Third degree black belt in Taekwondo, golden gloves in military school. Leave that seat and I'll bury you at sea."  
"Tough guy huh?" Pete notes the sleeve of tats on Nick and surmises he might not be bluffing. Nodding with a sneer he turned back around and kept his mouth shut. Time and place for everything he thought. Not here, not today.
As if an angel floating on the floor Midnight returned with a bowl of peach pie and vanilla ice cream. Sitting it down lightly she smiled. "Dessert."
"Let me eat in peace." She responds only by turning away and collecting her tea pitcher and coffee pot taking them back to the fountain area. Giving him time to eat she helped in the kitchen to keep busy. With Naomi manning the cash register a number of patrons began leaving, the lunch crowd becoming minimal and manageable. Nick polishing off his meal and dessert digested his food a bit while jotting thoughts down in his book. Pondering the events of today he ripped out a page of his art and prepared to pay his tab. Writing on the paper he left a note for Midnight. Folding the note he drew out his wallet and left a healthy tip of $200 which he tucked into the note. While she was away Nick opted to take his leave. At the register he met with Naomi.
"Midnight give you your check?"
"Nope! Here's a fifty that should cover my meal. Keep the change."
"Big tipper." She winked, "You could have stepped in to help earlier."
"None of my business. I left Midnight a tip on the table. Make sure the Pirates don't swipe it."
"I'll guard it with my life...knife." She grabs a butter knife teasingly.
"Hope to see you around again."
"Good luck house hunting. Call Tilly."
"I'll do that."
Turning away Nick ignores the trio saluting him in passing. Stepping outside the diner Nick stretched knowing he could be seen through the windows onlooking the beach below. In his stretch he drew one leg straight into the air in a standing split. The fishermen seeing him observed his flexibility. Pete inside huffed, "Ballet dancer." His friends just chuckled.
Done with her kitchen assist Midnight came out and discovered Nick missing. Check held up she worried he might have stiffed her until Naomi plucked the ticket from her fingers. "It's covered. Tip on the table." She encouraged her to go get it. Before doing so she gave her adversaries their check and quickly left them behind. Spotting money peeking out of a creased piece of paper she collected it and smiled. This was her very first big money tip. Realizing the paper had writing she read his note to herself in silence.
"Hundred for you. Hundred for the shopping list below..." Eyes lowering to the list, "Shaving equipment, to groom that bush. Sundress to wear tomorrow night at dusk, see through or don't bother. Fishing pier below the diner at sunset. You only have one chance to impress me. I'm keeping my napkin. Too shy say goodbye." It was finalized with, "Lose the bra...NOW!"
Holding her breath, she found a thumbnail drawing of a woman resembling her on her knees. It made her smile brightly. Looking up and out the window as if hoping to see him somewhere she pouted at being unlucky. Putting her note and money in her apron pouch she stepped to the trio of belching fishermen and without hesitation unbuttoned her uniform to her waist then reached one hand through the garment and behind her back. Unclasping her bra she wiggled one arm out at a time without completely removing her dress. A pretty amazing feat to be witnessed. With Pete, Castor, and Virgil seeing her tits she gave them her bra and took their money. Her dress only halfway rebuttoned she went back to the cash register and handed Naomi the cash. The men whispered amongst themselves but chose to stop being assholes.
"Are you smiling?" Naomi winced.
"Yes."
"Will wonders never cease."
"Can I go shopping?"
"Now?"
"Lunch rush is over."
"I can handle things. Go on." Naomi scowled but waved the girl to give up her apron.
In a giddy rush Midnight Amador hung her apron up and grabbed her shoulder bag. Tip in hiding she was gone like a light. With no car she had to walk to a bus stop a half mile away and sat waiting on a bench. Although happy within, her insecurities rose to the surface.
"I am not worthy."
Probably not!