Title: Sharing a Shower with Mom – Part II
Author: SquattingEagle
Rating: 97.2%
Themes: Fiction, Blowjob, Consensual Sex, Incest

Summary:
My aimless wandering had led me to the small playground, where finally I sat down in one of the swings. I had not realized how long I had been sitting there, lost in thought, until my growling stomach reminded me I hadn't eaten since breakfast, ten hours ago. As I looked at the time, I was surprised to see how much time had passed since mom and I had exited the bath house.

All around me, the almost deserted campsite site was coming alive with the families that returned from their various daytim

============================================================

My aimless wandering had led me to the small playground, where finally I sat down in one of the swings. I had not realized how long I had been sitting there, lost in thought, until my growling stomach reminded me I hadn't eaten since breakfast, ten hours ago. As I looked at the time, I was surprised to see how much time had passed since mom and I had exited the bath house.

All around me, the almost deserted campsite site was coming alive with the families that returned from their various daytime activities. It reminded me of my own family, who was probably waiting for me at the caravan, so I quickly got up and walked back. When I got there, dad and Nick had returned as well and were all dressed up and ready to go.

The restaurant mom had picked was an old diner not far from where we rented the horses. According to the campsite manager, this place served the best steaks in the country. An hour later the four of us were sitting at a small table in the very small restaurant with four big, juicy steaks in front of us. It could very well have been the most delicious steak I've ever had in my life, but my mind wasn't really into it. I kept thinking about the stranger's cock I had sucked and how mom had fucked him right in front of me.

Luckily, my father and Nick were too pooped to notice it. Only mom knew what I was thinking and gave me a playful wink while she enjoyed her steak and salad.

That night in bed it was even worse. I lay awake for ages, contemplating the things that happened, feeling frustrated and horny as hell. I vividly remembered how the stranger's tangy sperm had filled my mouth. It was like I could still smell it, but then I realized that might also be because my brother was feverishly jacking off in the bunk bed above me. Even our parents had fallen asleep ages ago, but my brother wasn't even slowing down yet. He had been masturbating almost non-stop for an hour now. I had heard him grunt in orgasm at least four times, but it didn't seem to give him the release he apparently needed so badly.

“Nick, do you mind? I'm trying to get some sleep here” I whispered, a little annoyed.

The rhythmic creaking stopped for a minute, but slowly and softly it started again.

“Aren't you afraid you'll wear it out like that?” I whispered.

“I can't help it, I can't sleep when it's this hard” he grunted.

Part of me was feeling a little sympathetic. I'd give almost anything to be alone in my room right now. Just me, my pussy and my hairbrush handle, surrounded by four thick walls that blocked any sound I might make. I wish I could be as impartial to the rest of the world as my brother was and give my pussy the release she so desperately needed, but even the experience in the showers had not changed that.

“You can't tell anyone, but I fucked a real woman today” Nick suddenly whispered.

We weren't actually that close, my brother and I, but I guess he just had to tell someone. Since there was no-one else, that someone was me. My brother's conquests were not something I was hugely interested in, but, as a good sister, I asked him to tell me more. Maybe we would finally get some rest once he got it off his chest.

“It wasn't, like, my first time or anything, but a real woman with lots of experience is so much better than a girl”

Great. If his easy girlfriends weren't even good at it, what did that have to say for a complete virgin like me? Maybe it was a good thing mom was giving me this opportunity to learn from her and practice with strangers via the glory hole

“So, who was this woman?” I asked.

“Well, eh... you see... I don't know... I mean, I haven't actually seen her face, and we didn't speak much, but she really knows how to suck cock. I know she's got a big, round butt and she was incredibly wet. Best of all, she really knows how to move and use her muscles. Every time she came, I felt her pussy squeeze my cock”

“So you made her cum too?”

“Oh yeah, like three or four times!” he said proud.

“But you have no idea who this woman is?”

“It... it's kind of a long story”

I wasn't going to get any sleep anyway. I may as well hear it.

“Well, it started when dad and I were in the bath house. Dad said we had to share a shower because those fucking coins are so expensive.”

“Yeah, I know. Mom and I shared too” I said, feigning a shared discontent. I didn't want my hormone-crazed brother to know how much I had enjoyed the salacious acts that transpired in our stall.

“Wasn't it weird to be naked with dad?” I asked, thinking back to when I had to undress in front of mom.

“Yeah, it kind of was. But, you know, me and the guys always shower together after practice. With dad it was just like that. At first.”

“At first? What happened?”

“Promise you won't tell?”

“Dad had a huge boner, and I mean, huge. But that's not all. Just as we got naked and dad turned on the water, this woman puts her fingers through this hole on the wall and taps it a few times. So dad walks up to it, and then he sticks his cock in the hole!

I thought he looked kinda stupid, standing against the wall, but then he starts groaning and he's saying things like 'Oh yes, suck it'”

With a shock I realized, that's exactly what I did! That woman could have been me! But then I remembered Nick and dad took their shower well after ours, I had even seen Nick wait for dad as I strolled home.

“And what happened next?” I asked, my heart pounding in my throat.

“I don't think he came then, but he steps back and says I should try it too”

“So, did you?”

“Hell yeah!”

“What was it like?”

“At first I was a little uneasy, I mean, you don’t know what's gonna happen and you can't see shit. But she really knew how to suck cock, that was like the best blowjob ever. She even let me cum in her mouth and I think she swallowed, too.”

“Didn't you say you fucked her as well?”

“Yes I did. But dad fucked her first. After she let me go, he took his turn again and stuck his boner through the hole. It wasn't long before he started grunting again and I could feel the entire wall move as she fucked herself on his cock. Dad started thrusting too and saying how good it was. I think he came and then he said it was my turn again.

My dick was all hard again, so I poke it through the hole and the next thing I know, the woman grabs my cock and puts it inside her.”

The more I listened to my brother's story, the more it started to bug me. It sounded suspiciously much like the experience I had with mom. Too much to be purely coincidental. Both our parents had been more than eager to exploit the hole and to have us involved. In both our adventures there happened to be someone in the other stall that was just as eager to participate. It was beginning to look more and more like it was one big set-up.

My brother was oblivious to any of this, he was still going on and on about the woman he fucked.

“I couldn't move much, because of the wall, but what she did was awesome, I never felt anything like it and I think she came again, because her pussy began to squeeze and then I came too and I shot it all inside her. Man, I never done that before! But she didn't stop fucking, she kept going until she couldn't take it anymore and then she sucked me until I came again, in her mouth.

After that we were all kind of tired and then we had also ran out of coins, so we quickly rinsed off and got dressed. I told dad I wanted to go see who it was, but he said I couldn't”

“You couldn't? Why not?”

“He said the women only did this because it was anonymous, and we had to respect that, because if we didn't, they wouldn't do it anymore.”

“Well, that makes sense. So that's why you don't know who it was?”

“Then what happened?”

“Nothing, really. We went home and waited for you and mom. You know the rest”

There was one thing that bugged me more than anything else. There were eight or ten stalls in the women's showers, so presumably also in the men's part. Yet, both Nick and I had ended up in the only ones with the hole. It was like they had guided us deliberately to the showers with the hole, as if they had known it beforehand.

Wait a minute, didn't mom go to that stall on our first day?

“Do you think dad had a reason to choose that particular stall?”

“I don't know, they all looked the same to me. Why?”

“Oh, nothing really”

But why would they want to have us involved too? If they wanted to fuck a stranger in the shower, wouldn't they better go alone? While it wasn't unthinkable mom might have wanted to teach me a thing or two, Nick surely didn't need any coaching. There were lots of girls willing to fuck him, and apparently he did. Dad had nothing to complain about either; mom was ready to fuck him day and night.

Come to think of it, where exactly was mom during all this?

With a shock it suddenly all made sense. All the little pieces of the puzzle fit together. Mom had explicitly sent me back to the caravan alone, thereby making sure she would be on her own and able to do whatever she wanted. Or rather, whoever she wanted,

The mystery woman that Nick kept going on about was none other than our very own mother! Just like the stranger I had sucked off must have been our dad! They had purposely planned everything from the start, and it had worked!

I was shocked our parents had played us like that, and even more shocked when I realized the reason they did it was because they wanted to have sex. Only not with strangers, but with us, their kids.

“I know who the girl was” I said.

“I don't think so”

“Yes I do!”

“Yeah? Who is it then?”

“Could you see her pussy? Was it shaved?”

“I don't know about the top, but the lips were as smooth as a little girl's”

“Then let me guess... Was she moaning so loud you were afraid everyone would hear?”

“Yeah, she kind of did” he said. I could almost hear the embarrassment in his voice.

“And did she really slam her butt at the wall when you were fucking?”

“Yes. How do you know all this? Were you there also? Did you hear us?”

“No, I was walking home when you were in the shower. But tell me, when you made her come, did she squirt too?”

“Yes, she did! How do you know all this?” he asked, perplexed.

I chuckled softly.

“Dear brother, you have fucked your own mother!”

Nick was silent for a minute.

“Shit” he muttered. “I thought she sounded familiar”

He was silent for another minute, trying to accept or justify his deeds.

“How did you know?”

“They did the same to me earlier”

It was now my turn to tell what happened during my shower with mom. I told Nick how beautiful she had looked and how she brazenly shaved her pussy in front of me. I told him about mom's reaction when I discovered the hole in the wall and what happened next.

As I described mom blowing and fucking the stranger, the bed above me started shaking again. It would be hypocritical to tell Nick to stop. Not when my fingers were also between my legs, softly circling my little nub as I told my story.

I even told him about me sucking the guy's cock and swallowing his cum, but skipped the part where mom and I ended up in each other's arms and kissed. I finished my story with me walking home alone.

“So... that stranger was dad?” Nick asked when I stopped talking.

“I think so.”

“At least you haven't fucked him”

“No, not yet”

“But you are going to do it?”

I related to Nick the conclusion I had come to before. I had loved it way too much not to continue.

“Even if you know it's dad?” he asked.

“If you had another opportunity to have sex with that woman, wouldn't you take it? Honestly?”

“You're right. I fucking would” he sighed.

“Val?” Nick said after a while.

“Do you think they'll let us do it again?"

“Probably”

“What if it wasn't dad... I mean, what if it was my turn? Would you fuck me too?”

“Gee... I hadn't thought about that.”

“Do you think they'll let me fuck you?”

“I hope so”

It was weird to hear my brother say he wanted to fuck me. Fucking a complete stranger had been something I was willing to do. Now that the stranger was replaced by my father, I had no problems with that, either. My brother was even hunkier than dad, so having sex with him would be even better.

“Yes, I think I would too”

“Wanna do it now?” he finally asked.

I didn't know whether he was kidding me or if he was serious, but my pussy was screaming “Yes, yes, yes!” while my brain yelled “No”. As much as I hated it, my brain won again.

“No, mom and dad might hear us. We mustn't let them know and spoil their fun”

He didn't push it and not much later, I finally fell asleep, dreaming sweet dreams of forbidden lust.

Mom and dad had no activities planned for the next day, so Nick and I had a rare and welcome opportunity to stay in bed all morning and have our breakfast while our parents had their lunch. After all the food was gone and we had cleared the table, mom told me she had gone out for groceries this morning and had a present for me in her bedroom. As she said this, she gave me another one of her playful winks,

Her behavior spiked my curiosity, so I quickly walked to the bedroom to see what it was. On the queen sized bed was laid out a tiny black bikini.

“You didn't think I'd forget, did you?” I heard my mother say behind me.

Actually, I was the one who had forgotten all about it.

“Go on, try it on” mom said as she closed the door.

I could feel her stand close behind me. She grabbed the hem of my shirt and lifted it over my head. Her hands slid over my stomach as she did so. There was no need for doing so, she touched me because she wanted it, and I let her. I moaned softly as her hands slid higher, cupping my bra-clad breasts.

I turned around, my face now inches from hers. The sexual tension was almost palpable. Instead of kissing me, she unclasped my bra and let it fall to the ground. Without any hesitation, she then untied my shorts and pushed them down as well, together with my panties.

I was now completely naked in mom's arms. Her hands were on my ass and her juicy lips so close to mine. I could see the lust burning in her eyes. I moved forward and pressed my lips against hers. We kissed again like two lovers, hungry and passionate.

Minutes later we broke up. Kissing a woman was much different from kissing a boy, but no less exciting or pleasurable. I still dreamed of boys and cocks, but I was becoming more and more curious about girls and pussy. I didn't get the chance to explore my feelings at that moment, as mom stepped back and picked up the bikini top. She fitted the tiny black triangles over my breasts and tied the straps behind my back. Then she tied the pieces of string that held the bottom part together and flattened the smooth fabric over my mound with her index finger. For a moment she let her finger linger on my pussy, gently rubbing back and forth between my lips.

“There, you look good enough to eat” she said.

“Then why don't you?” I whispered, surprising even myself.

Without speaking, mom pulled the knot on my panties and let the minuscule piece of cloth fall on the floor. Then she laid me down on the bed and kissed her way down my stomach. Teasingly slow her lips moved ever closer towards my pussy. She pulled my legs apart and kissed the delicate skin on the inside, deliberately skipping over my lips. It was driving me insane with lust, the way mom was playing with my body. My hips were swaying and pushing up to meet her mouth when, finally, she closed her lips around my clit and sucked softly on the sensitive nub.

I came immediately.

This was insane, my mother was eating my pussy with the rest of the family only a thin aluminum wall away. Yet, never had I felt anything this good. Even the best orgasm I had given myself paled in comparison to what mom was doing to me. Her tongue and lips did unimaginable things to my clit, while her fingers were inside me, rubbing delicious places I didn't even know I had.

It took every bit of restraint I could muster to prevent me from screaming out in joy as she made me come again. I bit my lip so hard I tasted blood and suddenly, everything went black.

When I came to, mom was lying next to me. She grabbed my face and told me I was out for almost a minute. Then she gave me a tender kiss. I could taste my sweet juices on her lips. I couldn't believe how good it had been. No wonder mom liked it so much.

I thought she was the greatest mother for doing all this for me and I wanted to thank her for it. I was just about to return the favor when she stopped me.

“Let’s go outside” she said as she pulled me to my feet.

Confused I let her tie the bikini back on and watched her walk to the door.

“Wait, I can't go out like this” I said, suddenly my bashful old self again.

Mom looked at me, thought for a second and then pulled a big, colorful scarf from one of the bags.

“Tie this around your waist. It'll be just like a skirt, but you’ll look really hot” she said as she threw it to me.

She was right, again. It did look nice, and hot. It covered my ass just enough so I dared to go outside, but also highlighted my figure and hinted at what was underneath.

Satisfied with her creation, mom shooed me out of her bedroom and told me to go enjoy the summer sun. As soon as I stepped outside, I felt the eyes of the boys on me. Dad nearly choked on his diet coke and Nick whistled softly as he let his eyes feast on my body. If he hadn't already admitted he wanted to fuck me, his eyes told me now.

“It's getting hot again” mom said behind me. “Why don't we go to the lake to cool off a bit?”

I knew her idea was just an excuse to show me off in my new suit, but dad said it was an excellent plan and Nick agreed too. There would be a lot of people at the lake and I didn't know if I was ready for that yet, but apparently I had no choice.

It was only a short drive to the lake and luckily it wasn't too crowded. We found a nice spot where we dropped out cooler, parasol and towels. Dad got comfortable in his deck chair with another diet coke and the newspaper, while mom vigorously applied sunscreen on every bit of exposed skin she could find.

I loved to swim, but that meant I had to take off the scarf first. I could not delay it any longer.

Nick's jaw almost dropped to his chest as I untied the sash around my waist and revealed just how small the thong bikini I wore really was. Before he could say or do anything, I was gone, running towards the water. Mom was right, teasing boys was fun!

As I was floating in the water, Nick came swimming to me, probably trying to dunk me as he always did. I knew it was just an excuse to feel me up, and I didn't stop him. His hands were everywhere, always trying to grab my butt or breasts, and even between my legs. I had to remind him there were lots of people around, or else he would surely have tried to get inside my thong as well.

We horsed around in the water for some time, swimming and wrestling when I was getting rather thirsty and told Nick I was going to get a drink. I had only swum a few feet when he called for me.

“Wait! I can't go out of the water now” he said

“Why?” I asked innocently.

He didn't say, but looked down, into the water.

Suddenly, I understood. “Is it because of me?” I asked.

He nodded.

I quickly looked around. We were all alone. I swam back to him, grabbed his hand and pressed it between my legs. “Feel me” I whispered, rubbing my pussy against his hand.

“What has happened to my sweet little sister?” he gasped.

“I'm not so little anymore. But I'm still sweet” I smiled.

“You don't have to take my word for it; I'll let you have a taste if you don't believe me”

Nick just closed his eyes and groaned. I could see him jacking off under water while he was touching me. The water was clear enough to see him rub his fist up and down his cock. A moment later he groaned softly and I saw his cock spit out tiny clouds of sperm that floated away in the water between us.

“Did that solve your problem?” I asked as I let him go.

He was too confused to talk and just muttered “yeah” as he watched me swim away.

Once out of the water, I walked back to my parents. Again I felt the eyes of every boy and man on me as I crossed the stretch of sand. Mom smiled proudly at me, while dad just pretended to sleep, the newspaper draped over his crotch.

I grabbed a cold bottle of water from the cooler and took a big swig. Then I shook the sand off my towel and lay down to dry in the sun's heat. Mom immediately started applying lotion again, saying I had to be careful not to burn my exposed back. For a minute I thought she just wanted to let her hands roam my body, and was afraid it would escalate into another lesbian romp, but I needn't have worried. She behaved herself perfectly en stuck to the acceptable body parts.

It was nice, though, and very relaxing. So relaxing that I fell asleep not long after. I didn't get much sleep, because suddenly I was rudely woken by a splash of water, courtesy of my brother, who had finally made it out of the lake.

Mom scolded him for being an obnoxious ass and told him to either sit or lay down. He laid his towel next to mine and lay down for a minute but was bored quickly and went off to swim some more.

My back was beginning to tingle a bit, so I turned over to get an even tan. I had some books with me and began reading while I soaked up the rays.

I had read only a chapter or two when mom got up and began to roll up her towel.

“It's getting late” she said as she continued to wrap things up. It couldn't have been past four o'clock yet, and I wasn't feeling like going home at all. Of course dad agreed with mom, so my protests were quite in vain. I could either go with them, or stay here and walk back to the caravan. I certainly didn't walk all the way back on my slippers, so I reluctantly joined the others in the scorching hot car.

As soon as we pulled up to the caravan, mom said she needed to wash off the sand, and that if I wanted to use hot water, I'd better go with her. My heart skipped a beat and I could hardly control my voice as I said, “Okay”.

Just as we entered the building, I looked back and saw dad and Nick walk in our direction. They were also carrying towels and toilet bags. It seemed they were going to take a shower too. I had not expected them together. But, if my suspicions were correct, this meant there would be two guys on the other side of the glory hole.

Or maybe there would happen nothing at all; maybe mom and dad dared not risk it again so soon.

Once inside, mom walked straight to the last stall again. This could only mean that they wanted to use the hole again. I followed her eagerly, but also with a considerable dose of nervousness. After all, if my deductions were correct, then I was going to fuck my father inside that booth, and maybe my brother too. If I had any intentions of leaving this building as a virgin, this was the last chance.

I didn't even have to think twice and got in the stall with mom. This time I had no qualms about taking off my clothes; we practically raced to get naked first. We quickly lathered, washed and rinsed each other and she rapidly went through her whole shaving routine again. I didn't look away this time, but watched closely as she worked on her alluring pussy. I remembered the taste of dad's cock when I first took it in my mouth. If that was what she tasted like, I might be tempted to give it another try later.

She wasn't quite finished shaving when we heard voices on the other side of the wall. The boys were here!

Mom quickly washed away the foam and stubble and knelt at the hole.

“Let's see if there's somebody who's interested in a little fun” mom said as she tapped the hole. It wasn't long before a stiff cock was shoved through the hole.

“Oohh... Another big one” mom purred.

It was no surprise the cock was as big as the one she fucked yesterday; it was the very same cock. I recognized it easily, even if mom pretended she didn't.

She got on her knees right away and started to rub her fist up and down the shaft while she kissed and licked the purple tip. Then she opened her mouth wide and took it all the way down her throat until her nose was pressed against the wall. She was doing all the things she had done yesterday, and it scored result.

In less than a minute, the guy had to pull his penis from the hole or he would have cum. As expected, it was soon replaced by another cock. This new cock obviously belonged to a younger man. My brother.

Without any hesitation, mom grabbed this new cock and wrapped her lips around the tip. Now she was blowing her own son!

“Val” she whispered, motioning be to come closer.

My body obeyed and soon I was on my knees too, competing with mom for my brother's cock. We sucked together on the shaft and head, wrestled our tongues around the tip and kissed with his cock between our lips. Nick must have known what was happening as soon as he felt two mouths on his cock. His cock was hard as concrete, fueled by lust for his sister and mother.

It was a wonder Nick had any sperm left in his balls after last night, but suddenly his cock lurched and a wave of cum washed over my tongue. A second wave splashed over my lips and a third ended up in mom's mouth. She kept on sucking him until he had nothing more to give and pulled his spent cock from the hole. Mom licked the cum from my face and kissed me, sharing the last drops with me.

Now that Nick was temporarily satisfied, his place was taken again by dad. I wanted to taste him too, but mom had already grabbed his cock and lined it up with her pussy. She began to fuck him in what was almost a repeat performance of yesterday, with her slamming her butt against the wall until she came like a geyser and crashed on the floor,

With mom unable to stand, much less able to have sex, I finally had an opportunity to have my way with dad's cock. I took the slick member in my hands and gave it a kiss. I could taste mom's pussy again, but as much as I liked to taste it some more, I really wanted to get fucked. I turned my back to the wall and bent the cock down, between my legs so it rested against my hot and wet pussy. I would only have to move forward and inch, and the round pink tip would lodge itself between my lips and in one push, he'd be inside me.

“Wait” mom said, pulling me away from the wall and away from dad’s bobbing cock. This was the worst moment ever for her to regain her composure.

“You're not taking the pill, right?” she asked.

I shook my head, Shit, I hadn't thought of that. I had been so focused on getting laid, I had not spent one thought on the possible consequences. I almost hated mom for reminding me, because I really needed to feel this cock inside me.

Mom saw the desperation in my eyes and smiled reassuringly.

“I've got something for you” she whispered as she retrieved a square foil wrapper from her toilet bag. A condom! I could have kissed her!

Mom knelt in front of the cock and unrolled the rubber, making sure it was put on correctly. Then she nodded to me, giving me permission to impale myself.

Once more, I stood with my back towards the wall, my legs spread and slightly leaning forward. Reaching between my legs, I grabbed the throbbing cock and aimed it at my hungry hole. This was it, my final moments as a virgin.

“Push, baby” mom whispered, encouraging me to proceed.

My heart was pounding as I pushed back and felt dad's slick, latex clad cock enter my body. He was bigger than my hairbrush handle, but the stretching sensation was anything but painful. Then dad pulled back a little and pushed in again, driving his cock deeper with every thrust.

I was finally fucking!

At first I just stood there, pressed against the wall, as my pussy tried to get used to having a big cock deep inside her. I guess I had only two thirds of it in me, but that was as far as it could go because of the wall that divided us. As my muscles relaxed a bit, I began to move a little. It was surprising how my body knew just what to do. My hips started to move on their own, rolling and thrusting, reacting and anticipating on dad's gentle thrusting, impaling myself over and over again on his wonderful cock. It wasn't long before I was in the throes of my very first cock induced orgasm.

Dad's thrusting sped up and became more shallow. I guess my tight virgin pussy and the thought of fucking his daughter was more than he could take. Soon I could hear the orgasmic groans on the other side of the wall, like I had heard coming from his bedroom many times before. But this time I could feel him too, pulsing as he pumped jet after jet into the condom.

He kept fucking me all through his orgasm and for some time after, until, sadly, his cock was too limp to continue.

“Did you like it?” mom asked.

I flung myself in her arms and covered her in kisses.

“Oh mom, it was the best thing ever! Thank you so much” I panted.

“Don't mention it” she laughed between my kisses, “I enjoyed it almost as much as you did”

Our hug was then interrupted by the introduction of a new, hard cock that was pushed through the hole.

“Ooh, that's why I love young men. They can go on for hours” mom cooed.

“He's all yours mom, do whatever you want”

“Thank you, I'd love that” she said as she grabbed the penis and drew her tongue over the purple tip, licking up the big shiny drop of cum that oozed from the little hole.

“Hold him for me, will you?” she said as he got on all fours. She pushed her butt up in the air and against the throbbing member. I took my brother's cock and moved it up and down mom's hairless slit. Then, as I held it against her opening, she leaned back and took cock as far inside as it could. She pressed her butt firmly against the wall and let her son do the thrusting.

I tried to imagine what it must look like in the other shower stall. Nick would be humping at the wall as he pumped his mother's pussy like a maniac. Maybe dad was jacking off as he watched his son fuck his wife. Maybe his cock was getting hard already for another round of fucking. I hoped so.

Whether mom was really such a great fuck, or if the knowledge that he was fucking his mother again was too much for my brother I don't know, but less than a minute after I guided his cock into mom's pussy, the humping suddenly stopped thrusting and I heard him groan softly.

“He's cumming!” mom whispered, rubbing her pussy as fast as she could until her body started to shake and she too climaxed. Mom came really hard, shaking violently and twisting her hips around Nick's cum squirting cock.

Finally she slowed down and slumped down on her knees, panting and shivering. She took her son's dripping wet and semi-erect penis in her mouth again and began to suck powerfully, as if she was trying to suck the last drops of cum directly from his balls. It got him fully hard again in no time at all.

“I bet he's almost ready to go again” mom said and rolled a new condom around his cock. I guess this meant she wanted me to fuck him too and I gladly obliged. I took my place at the wall and was about to seize the cock when mom lifted my leg off the ground and over her shoulder. She gave my pussy a quick lick and then sucked Nicks cock a last time. Then she pushed me towards the wall again.

“So beautiful” she muttered as she guided Nick’s penis between my wet lips.

It was so incredibly erotic to have my mother help me fuck my brother, I almost came as soon as I felt his round head push past the entrance. Then Nick pressed again and filled me up as far as he could. His cock was not quite as big as dad's, but no less enjoyable, especially when he began to move.

Because of my somewhat strained position, I was very limited in my movements, but Nick fucked me with quick, shallow strokes, like he had fucked mom earlier. He never reached as deep or filled me up as my father had, but his cock rubbed really nice against the sensitive spots I learned about when mom first ate me, earlier today. My pleasure was heightened even more when I suddenly felt mom's tongue on my clit again. She had never left her place between my legs and was now using her hands and mouth to tease and excite me and my brother. While he fucked me, she licked his shaft and fingered my clit or licked the nub while she played with his balls. It wasn't long before their combined effort had me seeing stars again as waves of pleasure flowed from my pussy to every nerve in my body.

Not wanting to make her son cum too soon, mom gave us a bit of relief and finally let my leg go. She moved to the side and just lazily fingered her pussy as she watched her children have sex. It was a good thing Nick had cum twice already, as it gave him enough stamina to keep fucking me for quite some time.

As much as I loved fucking Nick, I just had to feel him deeper inside me, but this stupid wall was in the way. Inspired by what I had seen mom do, I steadied myself with one hand on the floor and pressed my pussy flat against the wall. It wasn't ideal, but it gave me that extra bit of penetration I craved.

Mom was still sitting on the floor, looking somewhat neglected as she waited for her turn to fuck one of the cocks. I wasn't about to give up my position in front of the hole yet, but I was willing to give mom a little pleasure myself.

“Come here mom, come a little closer” I whispered

I wanted to repay her for all she had done for me and lowered my face as close to her as I could. The years of gymnastics and yoga finally proved to be useful. With my butt still pressed against the wall, I bent over until my head was between mom's raised legs. I could smell her pussy, an intoxicating smell of soap and arousal.

My boldness surprised her, but then she lifted her hips off the floor and let her pussy graze my lips and I latched on. She tasted even better than she smelled. I had tasted her pussy before, but never like this. Hungry for more, I licked again. She was incredibly wet, dripping literally. I let my tongue dart between her lips, licking up the thick, creamy fluid. It wasn't until I tasted the cum I realized it wasn't mom's cum at all, it was Nick's. With a feeling of perverse enjoyment I licked another drop of my brother's sperm from our mother's pussy and savored the taste. I had already liked the taste of my brother's cum, but mixed with my mother's juices, it tasted fantastic.

It was hard to keep focused while Nick was pounding my pussy, but I kept licking and sucking until mom was squirming with lust, desperately biting her lips to stay quiet as she was only seconds from climaxing. Her hands were in my hair, gripping me like a drowning man would cling to a rope. It was quite unnecessary as I wanted to make her cum almost as badly as she did. I pushed my fingers deep inside her and locked my lips on her swollen clit and this pushed her over the edge. I heard her scream and I could feel her pussy squeeze and suck on my fingers when she came, just as Nick had described last night.

Somewhere during mom’s massive climax, Nick also came. He slammed his cock in me a few more times before he froze and his cock exploded inside me. With my mother cumming on my fingers and my brother cumming in my pussy, I suddenly came as well, shaking and panting in ecstasy until my legs no longer were able to hold me and I crashed next to mom on the floor.

We lay there for some time, cuddling under the warm water, kissing, giggling. As we were slowly calming down, it was time to up the ante.

“Don't you wish there were two holes?” I said softly as I teased her clit with my thumb.

“What two holes?” she asked, still bucking her hips, though not as violently anymore.

“You know, in the wall. So you and I can do it at the same time. Or fuck one cock and suck on the other. Wouldn't that be great, mom?” I said as innocently as I could.

Mom looked at me with a look I could only describe as pride. In only one day she had cured my bashfulness.

“Or what if there wasn't a wall at all?” I continued.

Mom just moaned and pressed her pussy even more firmly against my hand.

“Mom, why don't we just take dad and Nick back with us to the caravan? Your bed is big enough for four people, and much more comfortable. Don't you think dad would love it even more if he could see us while we fucked him, instead of having this wall between us? Or what about Nick, wouldn't you love it if you could look at Nick too?”

Mom abruptly stopped squirming and lay silent for a minute. I saw a flash of fear in her eyes. A flash that quickly passed, and was replaced by a look of puzzlement.

“You... knew?”

“Yes mom, and so does Nick”