Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Seventeen: Naughty Princess's Buzzing Ecstasy
Summary: Now Kurtis has to deal with the treacherous Princess Lavhi!
Keywords: MFF FF Fsolo inc oral cream facial anal monster fantasy magic BDSM D/s toy bond

Copyright: 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Kurtis  Ankush, The Queendom of Naith

I held the leash to my newest pet.

Princess Naryu knelt between my dragon-mother's thighs. A big smile spread on Mother's lips as she gazed up at me with respect and pride. I couldn't help but swell with delight at her unspoken praise. I had impressed her by taming a rakshasa princess.

Devour that cum, I ordered, my cock throbbing. I had to slam into her asshole. Just fuck her hard. The last of her holes to break in.

A delight to enjoy before we had to deal with more... unpleasant matters.

Mmm, fuck her hard, Master, Nephi moaned. My sphinx stood guard at the door know. She no longer had to protect me against any reprisal from the princess. Now she could focus her efforts on guarding us against another royal bitch. 

Yes, yes, enjoy your kitty cat, Lasla purred. My black-haired sister smiled than pulled my red-haired sister to her. They were identical save for that hair color and their abilities. Same lovely faces, same gorgeous figures. They had different mothers, but our father had made them both beautiful.

They kissed with hunger, lips melting together. The sight of their sisterly passion always brought a smile to my lips. They were both so delicious. Hands grabbed the other's ass, kneading those tight rumps as their boobs rubbed together, round and plump and delicious.

Then my mother gasped. 

Princess Naryu, her head in its feline form, licked at my mother's twat. The whiskers rubbed on Mother's pale thighs. I smiled and stroked the princess's rump. She had a much richer and darker brown than my light tan. 

Enjoy your cream, kitty cat, I said, pulling her left butt-cheek from the right as I guided my cock towards her asshole, now exposed.

Yes, Master, she purred and licked again. Mmm, your cream tastes so good in your mother's pussy.

I can't wait to fuck her, moaned my mother. Maybe I should have you lick more than my pussy.

Now, now, I told her. You've been good, Mother. You know the rules.

Yes, Master, she cooed.

Princess Naryu's right, triangular ear twitched. I'm missing something.

She's a hermaphrodite, I said and pressed my cock against her asshole. I had tamed Princess Naryu, but I wasn't about to reveal the truth of my mother just yet. Dragons were supposed to be extinct, after all.

I pushed my cock into my rakshasa's butt-crack and found her asshole. Lubed by her own pussy cream, I drilled my dick against her sphincter. She purred, that rumbling sound rising with joy from her throat. Her anal ring widened and widened, surrendering to me.

I groaned as her velvety flesh spread over my asshole. She engulfed me with her flesh. My balls tightened as the pleasure shot down my cock. I shuddered at it, savoring the wonderful embrace of my princess-slave's asshole.

Gods, yes! I groaned.

She purred louder.

Matar's big dick, she likes what you're doing to you, Mother moaned, her large breasts jiggling. Yes, yes, get that big, rough tongue into my pussy. Lick out my son's cum! You are fortunate to taste such a forbidden mixing.

So lucky, purred the rakshasa in agreement.

I grinned, sinking deeper and deeper into her bowels until I bottomed out. I slid my hands up and down her sides, stroking her silky flesh. Her bowels clenched about me with such fierce pleasure. I drew back and groaned at how tight she held me. 

I drew back. She purred with passion as her asshole gripped me. She massaged me with her silky flesh. She held me so tight. I shuddered, loving every moment of buggering my newest sex slave. My rakshasa princess was exquisite to enjoy. 

I slammed back into her. She gasped, her tiger ears twitching. Her bowels massaged the tip of my cock. I gripped her hips and pumped away at her asshole. I groaned, my face tensing. This wonderful pleasure shot down my shaft and spread throughout my body.

Gods, that's good, I growled.

Mmm, I bet it is, Pyrriah moaned. My twin sister pushed Lasla down to the floor. The pair fell into a sisterly sixty-nine.

I grinned at the sight of them eating the other's pussy while I plowed into the princess's asshole. She yowled and groaned as I pumped away at her velvety sheath. Her flesh held me tight, the pressure in my balls building and building.

Mother watched, her face twisting with rapture. Her boobs jiggled as she enjoyed the rakshasa's rough tongue licking her cunt. I groaned, thrusting away at my princess-slave's delicious asshole. Her flesh squeezed tight about me.

So wonderfully hard about my cock.

Las's big dick, you're going to make me cum! I growled.

Good, purred the princess. You deserve to cum. Oh, yes, yes, Master!

She's going to cum, too! Lasla moaned.

I know. I could feel it. Mother neared her orgasmic release, too, while my sisters climbed towards that as they licked at each other's furry muffs with taboo passion. Lust brimmed in Nephi, but she was also focused on guarding me.

I thrust away with passion into my princess's asshole. I buried into her hard and fast. I pumped away at her, fucking her hard. Thrusting my dick into her over and over again. I savored every moment of burying into her tight bowels.

She held me tight. Her bowels squeezed about me. She was such a treat to enjoy. I groaned, my dick throbbing and aching. Her flesh massaged me. I hurtled towards my orgasm. That mighty burst of pleasure that would fire out of me.

It would be incredible.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned. That's good. That's amazing. Gods damn, squeeze that tight ass around my dick. Mmm, that's so good. That's so wonderful.

I pumped away at her. I buried to the hilt in her with such passion. Her flesh squeezed about me. It was fantastic to enjoy. It was passionate. I loved every moment of slamming into her. I savored every last thrust into her asshole.

Master! she whimpered.

Oh, yes, yes! Mother gasped. Princess! That tongue! That rasping tongue... Yes!

My dragon-mother burst into pleasure. I felt her orgasm detonating in her cunt. She bucked, tits heaving and smacking together. Her gorgeous and mature face twisted with passion. The princess lapped at my mother's cunt, licking up the flood of rapture gushing out of her.

The princess purred. Her asshole clenched tighter about me. She held me with such passion. It was fantastic. I groaned as she clutched about me. I slammed forward, burying to the hilt in her. My crotch smacked into her ass.

Then she yowled.

Her orgasm exploded through her body and spasmed around my cock. Purring loudly, her asshole massaged my thrusting cock. I pumped away at her. I thrust to the hilt in her bowels over and over again. I plundered her with passion. It was a true treat to enjoy.
 
Yes, yes, yes! I groaned, my cock throbbing and aching. Gods damn, that's good. That's amazing.

It is! she moaned. Las's mighty cock and virile son!

I slammed into her bowels and erupted. 

My cum fired hot and hard into the princess's asshole. Her flesh rippled around me. She sucked at me. It was incredible to feel. An amazing bliss to enjoy. I groaned at it, savoring the pleasure rippling through my mind. 

Fuck, fuck, fuck! I moaned, stars bursting across my vision. Oh, damn, that's so good. That's amazing! 

I spurted over and over into her bowels. I basted her writhing anal sheath with my passion. She yowled and I groaned. The pleasure hammered my mind as I pumped every last spurt of cum into her bowels. I hit that peak of ecstasy.

I hung there.

My sisters moaned in the background, licking and lapping each other, building and building towards their orgasm. I panted, savoring the bliss buzzing through me. I squeezed Princess Naryu's hips and then I pulled my cock out of her bowels with a wet plop.

She gasped as I did. I stumbled back a few steps and sank onto the divan she had been lounging on when I burst in her room. We were in the ziggurat. A cooling breeze wafted in through the open window, the city of Ankush laid out before.

The heart of rakshasa power and I had claimed one princess.

We have to deal with your cousin, I said as Princess Naryu lifted her muzzle soaked in my pussy cream.

She's going to be an issue, said Naryu as she reached me. She nuzzled her furry muzzle in and licked my cock.

Yes, she has. I smiled down at her, holding her leash. But I have a plan. You are going to have to be the perfect kitty cat to make it work.

She purred louder and licked my dirty dick again, cleaning off her ass from my cock. I shuddered as she did that.

A half-hour later, after my sisters had their orgasms, we dressed. Well, all of us but Princess Naryu. I had her leashed and collar and crawling at my side as Nephi opened the door onto the hallway. I expected to find the men we'd kill to be still lying there.

Nothing remained of them. Not a trace. Only the scent of lye and tiles that looked freshly scrubbed.

It unnerved me how they were removed but no one had checked in on Princess Naryu. It was like the palace servants cared only that the public parts were taken care of. What happened in a princess's room wasn't their business.

It was so... cold.

Princess Naryu crawled at my side, her ears twitching. I could tell this humiliated her, but she had been tamed. I had claimed her with my cock and pleasure, so she walked at my side. My heart beat faster, my skin tight beneath my robe. Nephi marched before me, looking deadly and beautiful. Lasla was at my other side with Pyrriah and Mother in the rear.

I moved through halls, following the path that I memorized to get to Princess Lavhi's room. The bitch who thought she could use me to take down her rival. She would pay for that misjudgment. I couldn't help the smile.

An entourage of armed male slaves and a regal woman in gold-trimmed, pink robes watched us. Naryu's face tightened. Her ears flicked. The woman said something to her men and they all laughed. I put my hand on my pet's head, scratching her ears.

All that matters is what I think about you, I said softly. You're doing amazing, Princess. You're a perfect kitty cat. You're my kitty cat. Take pride in that.

Yes, Lasla said, a pleased smile on her lips.

Princess Naryu lifted her head and kept crawling beside me. 

We soon reached the corridor that led to Princess Lavhi's apartments. The hallways sweltered, the bricks of the Ziggurat soaking in the days heat and holding it in like an oven. The men here wore loincloths, their flesh brawny.

Lavhi had sacrificed some of her slaves to get me to act. Her ploy to weaken herself to take out a rival ahead of her in the line of succession was about to blow up in her face. The lead guard had only one eye, the left, that squinted at me. Sweat gleamed on his brawny chest and across his shaved head. 

I tamed a new pet, I said. I thought Lavhi would like to see my new kitty cat.

Korvan, that was the chief guard's name, chuckled. He said something to the men behind him. The door opened and one of the guards slipped in. I put my hand on Princess Naryu's head. She purred as I scratched at her.

Pater's cock, you tamed the slut, Korvan said. Does she lick treats from your hand?

And my dick, I said. Right?

Yes, Master, she growled. Mind your eye, Korvan, if you offended him, I'll pluck it out.

Little pussy cat's got fangs, Korvan said. I'm so scared.

But the princess didn't flinch. She kept purring. She sat beside me with pride. I smiled as I savored scratching between her ears while I waited. Then the doors creaked open wide and Korvan glanced behind him then nodded.

I swept in to find a similar room to Princess Naryu's, though there were two brawny men manacled to the ceiling, standing tall and naked, gags in their mouths and cages around her cocks. Princess Lavhi reclined naked, her busty tits jiggling as she stared at me. She grabbed a glass of wine off an end table and brought the ruby liquid to her lips as she sat up.

After her drink, her eyes fixed on Princess Naryu. Such glee burst across the busty rakshasa's human face. She stood up, her tits jiggling. She sauntered to me, Nephi stepping out of the way. The princess flicked her gaze up and down my body.

So you did it, she said. You tamed her. Impressive. I had heard you struck at her. The Ziggurat whispers so many delicious rumors.

I smiled at her. You think this is your victory.

Lavhi's brow narrowed. What?

That I'm not aware that you attacked me at the inn to frame Naryu. You were so pathetically transparent in your actions.

She narrowed her eyes. You still destroyed her and claimed her.

I wanted a rakshasa pet. Or two.

Lavhi stepped back. One scream, and my men are flooding in here. You didn't kill them before coming in here. That's your mistake. And they are not nearly as pathetic as hers.

You're right, I said. Lasla.

My sister smiled.

A golden gag appeared in Princess Lavhi's mouth and wrapped around her head in gold chains. Her eyes bulged. A moment later, a vibrator thrust out of her pussy. The end blurred from how fast it hummed, the sound echoing through the air.

My sister's invention of vibrating dildos drove women wild. Princess Lavhi collapsed to her knees. She reached behind her head to pull off the gag, her eyes widening. As she did, manacles appeared about her wrists. Chains yanked her arms behind her back and bound her wrists together at the small of her back.

You are going to melt in pleasure, I told her, staring down at the wicked princess. When I'm done with you, you'll be addicted to it.

Yes, you will, cousin, Princess Naryu purred. She rose and pressed her furry face into mine, purring in delight.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

I need that vibrator, I purred as the naughty princess lay on her side now. She shuddered and squealed into her gag. Pussy cream stained her thighs as she trembled in rapture. But not that fast.

Mmm, no, that's going to make her explode in ecstasy over and over again, said Lasla. My half-sister held out her hand and a golden dildo appeared in her hand. It was shaped like a cock.

Our brother's cock.

Naughty, I moaned and then sank onto the divan. I put my feet on the trembling rakshasa lost to the rapture. How long will it take to break her with pleasure.

Oh, she'll be a gibbering mess in an hour, said Lasla. By morning, well, she'll be a slave to pleasure. Not much left of her personality, but it was terrible to begin with.

I smiled. It was Lavhi's own fault for thinking she could use my brother in her games.

I glanced at Kurtis and smiled. He had his new kitty cat purring as he fucked her from behind. He plowed into her hard. I closed my eyes and just trembled in anticipation. Then the cool kiss of gold on my pussy lips made me gasp.

Lasla slid the dildo into my cunt. I groaned, my snatch clenching down on the naughty toy. I shuddered, my face twisting in delight. This was so amazing. I shuddered as she worked the shaft in and out of my cunt.

When's the buzzing

The toy hummed to life, cutting off my words.

Thank you! I moaned to my naughty sister.

Mmm, just enjoy, she purred and licked at my cunt. She fluttered her tongue up and down my pussy lips wrapped around the buzzing toy.

The dildo massaged my insides with the humming delight. It was so different from Kurtis's cock fucking me. It was this wicked and naughty delight. I loved every moment of it. I savored the pleasure as I squirmed in place.

It was amazing.

I bit my lip, my heart pounding in my chest. The pleasure rushed through me as she thrust that naughty, buzzing shaft deep into my cunt. It was such a delight. I savored every moment of it. Her tongue licked and lapped at my pussy lips.

I loved it.

My head tossed from side to side. This wonderful bliss swept through me every time she plunged the dildo deep into my cunt. My flesh clenched about the buzzing shaft. It was fantastic to experience it while her tongue just added to the wonderful delight.

Oh, Gods, that's good, I moaned, my feet rubbing on the trembling rakshasa. 

Mmm, just enjoy, my sister moaned. Her tongue fluttered against my clit.

Oh, I'm going to enjoy, I groaned, my pussy clenching down on the shaft. This wonderful rapture swept through my body. Yes, yes, I'm going to cum so hard.

Already, my red tresses flickered with my strange light. I groaned, shuddering. I didn't know what caused that. I just knew it was a naughty delight. I groaned, my heart hammering in my chest. The pleasure shot through me. Rapture built and built.

She pumped the buzzing shaft into the depths of my cunt. Her lips latched onto my clit as she stirred the vibrator around in my pussy. My twat clenched down on the golden dick. My head arched, my body squirming on the divan.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned. Oh, that's so good. Las's big dick! 

I can feel how much you love it, Lasla moaned.

She twisted and stirred the dildo around in my cunt, the buzzing massaging all these different spots in me. It was such a delight. I groaned, my face scrunching up as I enjoyed it. This was an amazing delight to experience. I shuddered, my heart hammering in my chest.

My orgasm built and built. My sister's lips suckled at my clit, adding an incestuous burst of delight to the buzzing rapture stirring up my cunt. I shuddered, my face contorting. My round breasts jiggled as I climbed towards my climax.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned. 

Mmm, you're getting so juicy. She licked my clit.

Yes! I gasped as her tongue slid over my bud, my pussy clamping down on the buzzing shaft. That's wonderful. Just... just... I'm going to burst!

Good! 

Lasla sucked hard on my clit.

I burst with rapture. I exploded with passion. My cunt writhed around my sister's naughty toy. The buzzing shaft sent waves of delight rushing through my body. I groaned, my toes curling. My heart pounded in my chest as the pleasure spilled over my thoughts.

I groaned and bucked, my heart pounded in my chest. This wonderful bliss swept across my mind. it was intense. Amazing. I savored every moment of it. I groaned, the rapture rushing throughout my body. Stars burst across my vision.

Yes, yes, yes! I gasped. Oh, that's so good. That's so amazing! Gods, I love you, Lasla!

Love you! she moaned and ripped the dildo out of my cunt.

She drank the flood of my juices. My feet rubbed on the trembling rakshasa. I rose to the peak of my orgasm, my sister's tongue sliding through my folds. My breasts quivered. I groaned, my face twisting in delight.

As I came down from my high, I purred, Morning, huh?

Mmm, plenty of time for us to have fun, Lasla purred. 

I giggled. I loved being Las's daughter. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

Done with my sister, I smiled to see that Kurtis had finished up with Naryu. He pulled out of the rakshasa's cunt. I licked my lips as the cum that spilled out onto her hairless pussy lips. She yowled, her triangular ears twitching.

On your back, kitty cat, Kurtis growled. My sister wants to lick up some cream.

Oh, yes, I moaned. I loved how my brother could read my desires.

I crawled to the rakshasa princess as she rolled onto her back, the gold collar I made for her gleaming with brilliance around her neck. I passed Lavhi. She rolled onto her belly, her big boobs crushed as she squealed into her gag. A puddle of pussy cream spread around her on the tiled floor.

Pleasure was the best way to break someone. And she would break. She would be Kurtis's horny kitty cat after today.

Naryu's pussy beckoned I crawled between her thighs. The tangy scent of her pussy and the salty aroma of my brother's cum drew me down. I licked my lips before I kissed at her shaved cunt. I licked up the mix of sexual fluids.

Groaned in delight.

The two flavors melted across my taste buds. My cunt clenched. I wiggled my hips in delight. And because I felt my brother's eyes on me. He growled and then he fell to his knees behind me, his cock nudging into my rump.

I thrust my tongue into Princess Naryu's cunt, licking out her cum, while my brother brought his cock to my pussy. His tip nuzzled through my black bush. I groaned as he pushed right against my vulva. This tingle raced through me.

Then he thrust into me.

I groaned as he thrust his cock into my snatch. My face contorted with delight. His cock sank and sank into my cunt. I shuddered as his shaft filled me up. It was this wonderful delight to experience. I squeezed my eyes shut as he slid deeper and deeper into my pussy.

Yes, he growled. Damn, Lasla, she's cumming over and over again.

Mmm, that vibrator will break any woman, I said. I'd love to use it on Pradu, that slaver who thought pain and fear was how you broke someone.

Rapture. Bliss. Addictive euphoria.

I thrust my tongue into Naryu's tamed pussy and licked out more of my brother's salty cum. My pussy clung to his cock as he drew back. I moaned as he did, the pleasure rushing down through my body. I shuddered, savoring it.

He slammed back into me. He buried to the hilt in my cunt. It was magnificent to feel. I groaned, my cunt on fire. This wonderful bliss shot through my body. I shuddered, my pussy squeezing down on his cock.

Gods damn, yes, he growled and fucked into my cunt. I love fucking my sisters.

We love fucking you, Lasla moaned as she writhed with her mother. I missed my mother, but she was back home with our sisters and children. 

I thrust my tongue deep into Naryu's cunt, scooping out that yummy cum. My brother's cock slammed into my cunt. He fucked me with passion. Naryu yowled. Her whiskers quivered. Her small breasts, pierced with golden rings topped by rubies, jiggled.

My brother slammed his cock into my cunt. I shuddered, squeezing about his dick. He built and built my pleasure with his every thrust into my twat. I rotated my hips, stirring my snatch around his dick as he buried into me.

Las's cock, Lasla! he groaned.

Mmm, I prefer your cock, I moaned, squeezing about his shaft.

Kurtis groaned, his hips thrusting faster. He fucked his cock to the depths of my cunt. I shuddered, my snatch squeezing about his cock. This wonderful pleasure swelled in me. I would have such a huge orgasm on his cock.

I rocked back into him, my butt-cheeks rippling from the impacts. It was such a delight. I loved it. He buried to the hilt in me with every stroke. I shuddered, my cunt squeezing about his cock. It was just an amazing delight to feast on his cum from his kitty cat's cunt while getting pounded by his dick.

He fucked me hard, groaning, Gods damn, Lasla!

Mmm, is my naughty cunt going to make you cum? I moaned. Are you going to spill your seed in your sister's pussy!

Yes, yes, spill your seed in her pussy! moaned Princess Naryu. Her thick, pink tongue flicked over her muzzle.

Someone was hungry.

So was I.

I sealed my mouth around her pussy and suckled on it as my brother hammered my cunt. Tangy pussy cream and salty cum spilled into my mouth. I closed my eyes, groaning as I nursed out that wonderful mix of fluids.

My pussy heated up as my brother pounded me. He fucked me hard and fast. He buried his dick into my cunt. It was fantastic to enjoy. I loved every moment of him slamming into me. I groaned, squeezing my snatch around his dick. I loved him blowing into my cunt. He fucked me with such passion. I groaned, rotating my hips.

His cum ran out of the rakshasa's cunt.

Yes, yes, yes! I groaned, my snatch on fire. That's it. That's so good. Ooh, just ram into me.

Las's big dick, I'm going to make you explode! my brother groaned. 

Do it! I moaned and feasted on the princess's cunt.

He growled, ramming into me. I groaned, savoring that wonderful delight. He fucked me with such passion. I shuddered, my pussy melting around his cock. The pleasure built and built as my hips stirred around that wonderful dick burying into me.

My orgasm built and built faster and faster. I hurtled closer to it as my tongue lapped at the rakshasa's shaved pussy. I feasted on her with such vigor. I loved every moment of licking and lapping at her. She shuddered, squeezing her snatch about my face.

She was such a wonderful delight. I groaned, loving the way he fucked me. How he pounded me. It was fantastic. My pussy squeezed tight about his cock. I whimpered and groaned as he fucked into me. He slammed hard into my snatch.

It was amazing. My pussy melted from the thrill. This was it. This was such wonderful bliss. Just a wondrous rapture. I sucked on the rakshasa's clit. I nursed on her bud. She gasped, her thighs squeezing about me.

Then she roared.

Pussy cream gushed out of her cunt. I drank down the tangy flood, my cunt squeezing about my brother's dick. The incestuous bliss swelled and swelled in me, his cock pumping away to my cunt. He buried to the hilt in me.

Yes! I squealed, my head shooting up.

I came.

My cunt writhed around my brother's cock. My pussy convulsed and writhed. The pleasure rushed through my mind. Stars burst about my vision. This wonderful delight swept over me. I shuddered, my cunt rippling about that wonderful dick.

Gods damn, yes! my brother growled.

He erupted in me.

It was amazing to enjoy his cum pumping into my twat. I groaned, the pleasure surging through me. I whimpered, my body aching. The bliss spilled over my thoughts as my cunt milked my brother's cock.

Yes, yes, yes! I gasped. Las's mighty dick!

Cum in her! yowled Princess Naryu. Oh, Master, cum in your sister's yummy cunt!

He is! My pussy spasmed with delight around my brother's dick. So much cum!

I milked him as the pleasure surged to the very height of ecstasy. I soared there, my body trembling as my brother pumped the last of his cum into me. I whimpered and groaned, savoring every moment of it.

I loved being his sister.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

I smiled as Princess Naryu crawled straight to Lasla when Kurtis pulled out of her. My brother chuckled then he glanced over at our dragon-mother. He shook his cock at her. Without being told, Mother knelt, reached behind her, and parted her butt-cheeks.

I smacked Kurtis on the meaty ass. Enjoy.

He smacked me on the plump rump. You, too.

I grinned at him. I loved him so much. This quest was invigorating. I missed our children, but I was having so much fun. And the danger... The danger was intoxicating. I almost wanted to fight Princess Lavhi's men. To swing my sword.

I liked fighting at my twin brother's side. It satiated something deep inside of me. Like I was born to stand by his side and do dangerous and daring deeds with him.

Lasla gasped as the rakshasa princess licked and lapped at the creampie Kurtis made in our sister. Lasla shuddered, her body twitching as she had her cunt devoured by the naughty rakshasa. I smiled, watching that shaved cunt gleaming between Princess Naryu's thighs.

I caught Lasla's gaze and arched an eyebrow.

She winked at me.

A golden belt encircled my waist. A strap-on thrust from it, the base of the gleaming dildo pressed right against my clit. I smiled at that and fell to my knees behind the Rakshasa. I was o eager to ram into her and make her cum. I would fuck her so hard.

It would be fantastic.

I slid the dildo into her pussy folds. I rubbed up and down her cuntlips. My clit throbbed from the pressure. Her ears twitched. She wiggled her hips and then pushed back. I gasped as her labia swallowed the tip of the dildo, pushing it harder against my bud.

Sparks flared through my pussy.

Ooh, naughty kitty cat, I purred, my tan hands stroking over her swarthy ass. You're just so eager to be fucked, aren't you?

So eager, she moaned. 

I liked that. I smiled and slid my dildo up and down her snatch. My clit throbbed and ached as I did this. It was incredible to do. Then, when I had myself lined up perfectly, I thrust into her cunt. I groaned as I sank that dildo into her twat. 

The pressure on my clit was incredible. I loved it. My pussy clenched and my hands slid down to grab her hips. I held on tight as her pussy swallowed the golden shaft. I bottomed out in her. She purred into my sister's cunt.

Yes, yes, fuck her hard, Lasla moaned, her round tits jiggling. Blue gleamed in her eyes. Just pound hard into her and make her cum. Make her gasp and moan and cry out in rapture.

I smiled. I like how you think.

Mmm, we're both daughters of Las!

I loved that. I drew back the dildo, the rakshasa's cream coating it. Then I slammed back into her. I buried to the hilt in her twat. I loved how she moaned. Her gasps and moans echoed through the room. That wonderful sound of passion. I loved every second of it.

I groaned and pumped away at her cunt. I slammed my cock to the hilt in her. I fucked her with passion. I slammed my dildo into her snatch over and over again. The pressure on my clit showered bliss into my cunt.

My pussy grew hotter and hotter with every stroke. My boobs jiggled and heaved as I plowed into her. I fucked her with passion, a smile spilling over my lips. My clit burst with delight. I groaned, pounding her.

Yes, yowled the purring princess. So good. Cum and getting fucked.

Yes, yes, keep licking me! Lasla moaned. I'm going to cum!

Good! I panted, my orgasm swelling in my cunt. 

I pumped away hard and fast, my climax growing and growing with every stroke. My sister squirmed, her tits jiggling. I loved the pleasure on her face. I winked at her as I buried into the princess's cunt. My clit throbbed, my orgasm about to burst through me.

I slammed into the rakshasa's cunt. My clit burst with sparks. The pleasure surged through me. In the background, our mother moaned and gasped as she came on Kurtis's cock. He growled as he fucked her ass hard. I loved the sounds, my tits jiggling as I drew back. 

Oh, Gods, yes! Lasla gasped. She bucked. You naughty kitty cat!

Seeing my sister cumming on Princess Naryu's muzzle sent such a burst of delight through my body. I groaned as I buried to the hilt in her. My clit exploded with pressure. The pleasure flooded through me. It was outstanding. 

The rapture rushed through my body. I gripped the princess's hips as I shuddered through the bliss. Waves of delight washed through me. My red hair burst with scarlet light. I grew back my head, bucking and moaning, the ecstasy blazing across my thoughts.

It was such a wonderful delight. 

I groaned and gasped, my pussy spilling juices. My moans mixed with Lasla's. I shuddered, my boobs heaving. The pleasure shot through my body. It rippled over me. It was such a delight to enjoy. I groaned as I hit that wondrous peak.

Oh, Gods, I love cumming! moaned my sister. Ooh, you're such a treat, you know that.

The princess nodded.

Good, I purred. I'm so glad you do. Mmm, we're going to have a lot of fun, aren't we?

Yes, Mistress Pyrriah. Princess Naryu glanced at her writhing cousin. Will she be having fun?

Once she's a pleasure addict, Lasla purred. But you... you're going to be ahead of her. You'll get to boss her around because you weren't a treacherous cunt.

Princess Naryu purred in delight.

I shivered. We still had hours. I wonder what delights we would enjoy waiting for dawn and Princess Lavhi's surrender. I knew it would be naughty. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

Dawn had arrived.

Princess Lavhi had spent hours moaning into her gag. I ripped it out of her mouth.

Please, please! she moaned, her eyes staring up at me glassy with her pleasure. Make it stop! Make it stop! Please!

What will you give me?

She thrashed, her big boobs swaying. The toy buzzed away in her. She struggled, the chains manacling her hands behind her back clinking. Anything! Anything! Money! Slaves! Pussy! I'll give you pussy!

Your pussy?

Yes! she screeched.

You'll be my slave?

She nodded. Just... just... I need it to stop. It's too much! Gods, it's too much. I love it but it hurts. My pussy is numb. It's too much.

Say it, I said. Say, 'I am your slave, Master Kurtis. Your loyal slave. I'll do anything for pleasure.

Yes! she howled. I am... your slave... Master Kurtis. She shuddered. Your loyal... loyal slave! I'll do... do... do anything for pleasure!

I held out my hand. A gold collar like the ones around my mother's and Princess Naryu's neck appeared in my hand. It was open, though. Able to be bent open wider and slid around a neck. I handed it to Princess Lavhi. The buzzing in her cunt stopped.

Gods, yes, she panted. It's too much... 

No, put on the collar, I growled. I held it out for her. She shuddered and took it.

I smiled and watched her pull it wider open and slip it about her throat, her big tits swaying. She closed it and it sealed about her throat. I smiled at that. I stood over her and then looked around for my other slave.

Princess Naryu, I growled. Come here and lick my cock.

Yes, Master, she purred, her eyes lighting up with excitement. She still her tiger head on.

She crawled to me, her whiskers twitching. I smiled as she purred as she knelt before me. She licked her thick, feline tongue up my cock. I groaned at the rough texture bathing the underside of my cock. I shuddered as she climbed up to the tip and brushed it.

Pleasure burst from that spongy tip. 

Now you, Princess Lavhi, join her. Lick my cock with her.

My new princess-slave whimpered. She looked down then back up at me. She groaned and I knew what she needed. I glanced at Lasla. She panted as she sat on the divan, Pyrriah snuggled up beside her. it had been a long night.

The toy buzzed, but not nearly as strong.

Lavhi sighed in relief. Thank you, Master.

So long as your good, you'll get that bliss, I told her. Now let me see that tiger head. I want you bathing my cock.

Yes, Master.

Her brown features blurred. Orange fur, striped black, sprouted, her tresses vanished. Her jaw elongated into a snarling muzzle. White fur covered her throat. Her whiskers quivered and her triangular ears twitched.

Then she crawled to me, the vibrator buzzing away, and nuzzled her furry cheek into Princess Naryu's. My two rakshasa-slaves lapped at my cock together. I groaned at the feel of their rough tongues caressing my dick.

I groaned, the pleasure spilling down my shaft. My dick throbbed and pulsed with their hungry licks. They caressed me. It was amazing to feel. I growled out my delight as they slid their tongues over my cock again and again.

That's it, I growled, scratching my two slaves the tops of their furry heads.

Their ears twitched as their tongues bathed my cock. I shuddered, my balls tightening as I enjoyed their hungry tongues on my dick. The two tongues slathered up to the tip of my cock. The brushed the crown. Pleasure burst through me.

They could rip my cock off with their sharp fangs. Pounce on me. Tear me apart and killed me. But I had tamed them. They were my pussy cats now. I scratched at their heads, loving the feel of their silky fur against my fingertips.

Gods, you two are going to get showered in cum, I growled.

Yes, Master, moaned Princess Naryu. The petite rakshasa dragged her tongue slowly up my cock. She flicked the tip. 

I shuddered at the pleasure coursing through me.

Their tongues were such a treat. They bathed me one after the other, keeping a constant sweep of hot delight up my shaft. One after the other, the flicked my spongy crown. I groaned, my balls tightening every time.

They purred as they licked me, Princess Lavhi's eyes glassy with the pleasure rippling through her pussy. It was at that low buzz that would never let her cum, but would give her that delight she was now addicted to.

Damn, I growled. Look at you two. Worshiping a man. Just my pussy cats, aren't you?

Yes, Master, moaned Princess Naryu.

Princess Lavhi just licked my cock, bathing me in her hot saliva.

I scratched harder. Their ears twitched. They purred louder as my orgasm built and built. I would have a mighty cum all over their faces. Just drench them in my cum, the final proof that the princesses were my slaves.

Two dangerous and deadly rakshasa. 

I had tamed them just like Thrak would have done. I smiled at that. My cock throbbed and ached, the pressure building and building. This wonderful bliss would explode out of me. I would have such a huge orgasm.

That's it, I growled. Just a few more licks.

Princess Naryu dragged her tongue with extra force. I shuddered at how wonderful her tongue felt. She brushed the end of my cock. The pleasure shot down to my balls. The bliss sizzled through my cum-filled nuts.

Gods, yes! 

I erupted.

My cum fired from my cock and splashed onto Princess Naryu's orange fur. White jizz spilled over her muzzle and up by her eyes. I grunted, my cock twitching as I spurted over and over again. I caught Princess Lavhi in the face, too. I painted all over her, loving the sight of her dripping in my cum. I groaned, the pleasure slamming into my mind.

My heart pounded in my chest as my cock kept erupting. I groaned, my balls unloading on my purring rakshasas. I painted them with passion. I coated them with all the spunk that I had in my balls.

They opened their mouths, catching my pearly jizz on their tongues.

I groaned, shuddering as I spurted blast after blast of jizz onto their furry faces. Stars danced across my vision. The ecstasy hit that wonderful pinnacle. I hung there as I spurted the last of my cum onto Lavhi's black nose.

Then it faded into rapture.

Gods damn, I growled.

Mmm, that was so wonderful, Nephi moaned. She had been guarding the door all night. I had to reward her for that.

Princess Naryu turned her head and licked cum off her cousin's furry muzzle. I smiled at the rakshasa cleaning off the other. Then Princess Lavhi turned and they both were licking and lapping each other.

Las's big dick and potent cum, I groaned. That's hot.

Yes, my dragon-mother moaned. You should

A loud knock pounded on the door. I frowned and turned. Nephi tensed and opened it. Princess Lavhi's guards were there. The one-eyed one peered in and saw me standing over the two rakshasas. He frowned and then said, Princess Lavhi, Princess Naryu, and you, Kurtis, are summoned to the august presence of Queen Athirmi.

I frowned. The queen? Did she know I had made her daughter into my sex slave? I wanted to leave Ankush immediately with my two rakshasas but the sight of more guards, one of them a swarthy orc like Thrak, had me swallowing.

This was bad. 

To be continued...