Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Harem vs the Demon Lord Chapter Thirty-Three: Futa Heroine! Two Righteous Beauties Clash
Summary: Ella has taken Virgnia, Saffron is captured by the Demon Lord, and Aria casts a ritual to figure out waht was going on.
Keywords: HHhhh oral anal DP preg inter exhib voy fantasy magic gamelit

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Aria Dennell

“What did you just say?” Lada demanded of Chipmunk. “A starmetal sword.”

“Yes, yes, they're rare,” said Kali. She had angelic wings now that hugged her body. That was very interesting. I rubbed at my pregnant belly. “Only the noblest of warriors can have them.”

“And Ella has one?” asked Lada. “Do you know anything about this, Akane.”

“I do,” said Akane. “Ella was planning on being worthy to receive one. She is a noble and virtuous woman. She wasn't... wearing the bloodiron like my girls were. It didn't drive her insane.”

“So she's trying to kill Virginia right now?” Brígida demanded, her glasses sinking down her nose.

“Yes,” Kali said. 

A gasp cried out from the harem. Willow trembled then hugged me. She pressed her large breasts into my side, her pale hand resting on the swell of my pregnant belly. I put my arm around her, rocking her. This was terrible.

“How do we get to her!” Lada demanded. Her boobs bounced as she looked around. Then she found a sheathed sword and drew it.

“I don't know.” The elven angel hugged herself with her white-feathered wings. “A starmetal blade can transport someone to other places. She has brought Lady Virginia to another place. But our heroine has the Golden Power. The angels were satiated with her.”

“That's not good enough,” Lada hissed. “We have to be there for her. We're her harem. We're here for a reason. It's not to just be sidelined at the last minute.”

“She's right,” said Brígida. “There has to be a way. Aria.”

I swallowed. “I would need to pray to the Seven Harmonious Goddesses. I would have to be powered. I would need cum. The cum of those closest to Lady Virginia. Lada, Brígida, Kali, and Willow.”

“You can have it,” Willow said, her voice tight.

“I will need it all at once,” I added. “I will have to satiate all four of your cocks at the same time.”

“But you only have three holes,” Tamera said. She was the first futa-priestess I made, my roommate back in the real world.”

“I have already been shone,” said Aria. “Two futas, tribbing their pussies together, can let me impale my cunt on them. Then I take a third in my asshole and the fourth in my mouth.”

“That's a lot of cock,” Brígida said. She glanced at my belly. “Can you take it?”

“I can,” I said, lifting my chin. “For Lady Virginia, I can work miracles.”

“We're going to need it,” Lada said and sank to the floor. “Come trib that pussy against mine, Brígida.”

“May I have your asshole, Priestess?” Willow asked, her futa-dick hardening against my thigh.

“Of course,” I told her, smiling. “I would love that very much. And Noble Kali, if you would honor me with your futa-cum.”

“Of course, Priestess,” The angelic elf said, her cock twitching.

“Let's go,” Lada said as Brígida scissored their legs together. “Get that pussy against me. We have to get our cocks pressed tight.”

“Mmm, I'm ready for this,” Brígida said, her small breasts quivering.

I moved to them, pulling away from Willow. My heavy breasts swayed back and forth. We had to do this right. As much as I was afraid for Lady Virginia, I knew my futa-wife was a remarkable woman. She would not fall so quickly.

I straddled Brígida and Lada, facing the Hispanic futa-mage. Kali and Willow helped me lower myself to my knees. Everything was so awkward being this pregnant. My bush rubbed into the tips for their futa-dicks.

They both shuddered, staring up at me with such lust in their eyes. I smiled at them as I lowered myself. Their futa-cocks nuzzled through my bush and kissed my pregnant pussy. I smiled at Brígida, my heavy stomach making this even easier.

I groaned as my cuntlips spread and spread over their cocks. The harem watched on, Akane and Chipmunk standing by each other, my priestesses all around Tamera. I groaned, the pleasure racing through me.

Brígida grabbed my futa-dick. She stroked me as my pussy engulfed those two wondrous futa-cocks. Inch after inch of my pussy sank down their girl-shafts. They both groaned as I worked myself down them. 

“Oh, yes, yes,” I moaned. “Oh, my wondrous Goddesses, this is a pleasure that I am grateful for.”

“Fuck, that's tight,” groaned Lada. “Mmm, I am twitching against you, Brígida.”

“Yep,” Brígida purred, her hand fisting my clit-dick. “Oooh, that is nice. Real nice. I could have a wonderful orgasm like this.”

“That is the hope,” I moaned and winked at her. I clenched my cunt down on their futa-dicks. “Now, I am going to ride you. Just work my pussy up and down your clit-dicks.”

“And I am going to love your asshole, Priestess,” Willow moaned and moved behind me. The futa-dryad's throbbing clit-dick rubbed down my back. I shuddered at the streak of precum she left down my spine until she got to my butt-crack.

Then she vanished inside of it. 

I clenched my pussy down on Lada's and Brígida's futa-dicks as Willow's dryad-cock reached my asshole. She pressed against my backdoor. My big boobs quivered as I loved her pushing against my anal ring. Her precum soaked my naughty asshole.

My flesh widened for her. I shuddered as the third cock entered me. I groaned, my back arching at the wondrous sensation. The velvety heat melted to my cunt double-stuffed with dicks. Lada moaned as Willow hugged me from behind, her big boobs piling into my back.

“Fuck, I can feel her dick sliding into your bowels, Aria,” groaned Lada.

“And you are getting so much tighter,” moaned Brígida. “This is amazing.”

“It is,” I moaned then smiled as Kali stepped before me. “Lady Elf, I am eager to suck on your angelic cock.” 

“I am eager to be blown by you,” she purred and thrust her dick at my mouth.

I closed my eyes and let that wondrous dick slipped past my lips. I closed my eyes and groaned at how good this was to have so many futa-cocks in me. I suckled on Kali. I nursed on her with such passion, my cheeks hollowing.

I flexed my thighs and slid my pussy up their girl-dicks. I clenched about them, loving the feeling of my pussy sliding up and up their cocks. It was wondrous to enjoy this delight. I groaned around the dick in my mouth. I loved that big cock in me.

Willow drew back her cock, too. I had the delight of slamming down two thick futa-rods while a clit-dick plunged into my bowels. A shudder ran through me and shot up my shaft held in Brígida's stroking hand. Pleasure swept through me.

I groaned in delight.

My pregnant belly and big boobs heaved as I rode Lada and Brígida. I worked my cunt up and down their wondrous dicks. Willow moaned, her boobs rubbing into my back as she pounded my asshole with her dryad-dick.

“Oh, this is so amazing, Priestess,” Willow moaned and grabbed my boobs.

I could only moan around the elf's cock, savoring her cinnamon-flavored precum.

“Oh, yes, yes, this is delicious,” the angel moaned, her big tits bouncing above my head as she fucked my mouth. “Just suckle on my cock. Nurse on me with hunger. You're going to get all that wondrous cum in my ovaries. I wanted it. I hungered for it more than anything.

I bobbed my head, sliding my mouth up and down that clit-dick. It was a perfect futa-dick. Just wondrous to enjoy. I groaned, bobbing my head. I squeezed my eyes shut, nursing with such passion on this futa-dick.

I slammed my cunt down their futa-dicks. I worked my cunt up and down them. I reveled in this passion. I would have such a big climax. An amazing rapture. It would be just spectacular. I shuddered, rising towards my rapture.

“Fuck, Aria,” moaned Lada. “Work that pussy up and down our cocks.”

“Yes, mamacita,” gasped Brígida. “That cunt is amazing. I am going to cum so hard. Just explode with rapture.”

I whimpered around the dick in my mouth. Drool ran down my chin as I bobbed my head. I came closer and closer to cumming. My eyes squeezed shut. I loved this dick in my mouth. I nursed on her with such force.

My pussy melted around the cocks I rode. I massaged those big dicks with my pussy. Willow moaned, her hands squeezing my tits as she pumped away at my asshole. She fucked my bowels so hard. She was so good at that.

“That's so good,” Kali moaned, her dick throbbing in my mouth.

“Priestess,” Willow gasped, hammering my bowels.

I was so close to cumming. I hurtled closer and closer to that wondrous moment. I was so eager for it. I wiggled my hips from side to side, my face contorting with the delight of this moment. I would have a huge orgasm. 

I would have the power to cast a ritual of such strength. I would find Lady Virginia.

I slammed down both those futa-dicks as Willow buried her cock into my asshole. I squealed around the dick in my asshole as my orgasm burst through me. My cum erupted, shooting out of my shaft held in Brígida's stroking hand.

My jizz spurted over her body. I splashed her small boobs with my cum. Her mouth. I heard her smacking her lips in delight as I groaned around that wondrous elf-cock in my mouth. Kali flapped her angel wings, her big boobs bouncing over my head.

“Yes, yes, yes!” Kali moaned.

My pussy rippled and writhed around Brígida's and Lada's wonderful futa-dicks.

“That's it!” Lada gasped as Brígida moaned, “Oh, yes, yes, that's wonderful!”

They both flooded me. They fired their girl-cum into my pregnant twat. They pumped their spunk into me. It was incredible feeling their cum firing into my spasming pussy as I unloaded my girl-jizz on Brígida's boobs. 

“Oh, noble Priestess!” gasped Willow. 

Her cum fired into my bowels. She basted me with spurt after spurt of her spunk. She coated me with all that delight. I loved it. I savored it pumping into me over and over as my pussy milked the two futa-dicks flooding my twat.

Stars burst across my vision. Kali flapped her wings hard. Her boobs bounced. “Oh, my noble Priestess! I love you!”

Cinnamon-and-salty cum pumped into my mouth. I groaned, gulping down the heavenly seed. I swallowed it with hunger, the jizz flowing down to my belly. Four futas all flooded my three holes. I loved every second of it. Every last moment of bliss surged through me. 

My mind drowned as my pregnant belly heaved. The futas all gasped and groaned and purred out their delight as they basted me in jizz. They soaked me in all their cum. It was wondrous to be so thoroughly drenched by them all.

I shuddered, my heart beating so wildly in my chest. My mind drowned in the bliss and rapture. I had this connection with Lady Virginia. I could find her with it. I could search the world for her. I rubbed at my belly.

Kali pumped the last of her cum into my mouth. I gulped it down and threw my head up. “Oh, Seven Harmonious Goddesses, I pray to you all! Help me find our futa-wife. Feel our connection to Lady Virginia, the Futa-Heroine. Eenoy, our pussies ache for her clit-dick. Gnila, our cocks throb for her pussy. And Natsi, our breasts quiver for her touch. We crave her seed, great Jeeba, and wish to fertilize her egg, wondrous Adna. Shine your light upon her, Ivara, and cast back the darkness that hides her, Taari.”

Silver light burst from me. I shuddered and witnessed a place of darkness. A void in the world. It was beyond the reach of the Goddesses. It was outside of this reality and ours. It was a pocket hidden from all. We could see it. Witness it.

And could do nothing for Lady Virginia as she faced off with Ella in that empty place. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Saffron Homewood

“So, this is my future,” I said, staring glumly around. “I get to be bitter.”

“You get to be alone,” Demon Lord Me said. “Our twin sister, our other half, is taken from us. She died because of our stupidity. We just had to play games. Had to tempt fate, but the last Demon Lord... She had no patience for it.”

“Last Demon Lord?” I asked. “God, there are others.”

“There are,” my evil, future self said. “It was some whiny demon. You know, 'I'm all brooding and evil and misunderstood. Boo hoo hoo. Ella ate it up and became her champion. We got dragged into this world, and it went badly. It went real bad. Virginia died and left us all alone here. Bitter. Scarred by what happened. Wanting to change it. I wouldn't accept it.”

“Right, right, 'Fuck fate, I'm going to ave my sister because I love her,'” I said, wincing. “God, that sounds like something I would do. Probably while listening to Puddle of Mud or something tacky like that.”

One of the three dark goddesses snorted in laughter. “Pretty much. It was rather annoying.”

“I wouldn't be content,” evil me said. “I would change things. This wasn't how it would end. I would have my Virginia back. I would hold her in my arms, love her, fuck her. I would never let her go. She would be mine. Like we were meant to be. It is our destiny to be together.” She leaned forward, madness and pain in her eyes. “And I fucked it up! I killed her. We Saffron. We killed her!”

“So we took up the power of the Demon Lord and vowed to stop her,” I said, sighing. “We figured out the secret of the time table and all that bullshit, and what, decided to play the part of the Demon Lord Take 2.”

“After we killed her,” said one of the Goddesses. “It was easy striking her when she was weak.”

“She didn't understand,” said another. “She bleated to her three dark goddesses, but we had already killed them, too. We became them.”

“Simple, really,” said the last one. “Damn, my plan was brilliant, mamacita. You would have loved it. No, way, you did, Saffron.”

I swallowed. “Mamacita?” I stared at them. “Don't tell me the three evil goddesses are Lada, Aria, and Brígida.”

“Of course,” Saffron said. “You think they weren't crushed by our sister's death. That it didn't tear them up when they watched her die.”

“I almost killed you,” Lada said. She stepped out wearing armor made entirely of bloodiron. Her eyes wild. Her blonde hair streaked with matted red. “I was so furious. I would have struck you down, but you talked fast.”

“Said we could bring her back,” Aria said. She came out dressed like a stripper. I mean, thigh-high boots, leather thong, a bra that lifted her ebony breasts into a pair of jiggling mounds. She was gorgeous, her eyes almost hypnotic. 

Fire blazed around Brígida. It clothed her body. She didn't have on her glasses, her eyes burning as bright as her body. 

“Wow,” I said. “Just... Wow. How fucked up are we that this is how we grieve for Virginia. We try to destroy the world. We twist our classmates into monsters. Make our teachers try to kill us. I mean, you almost did kill us a few times.”

“Just playing the part,” said Saffron. “You see, Virginia spared Ella last time. That was ultimately her mistake. This time... This time, I've made sure that won't happen. She'll kill Ella, and her heart will break.”

“She'll drown in sadness,” said Lada. “Our sweet Virginia isn't a killer.”

“She's so sweet,” Aria groaned, her hand shoving down her panties and rubbing at her pussy. “So innocent. She'll break beneath the guilt.”

“When she comes here, she'll need comfort.” My evil future self leaned back. “She'll need me to whisper in her ear. To tell her that it's okay.”

“That it's all right to burn the world,” groaned Brígida. Her fire burned hotter.

“To leave it drenched in blood,” cooed Lada. Her smile twisted with madness. 

“To betray all those who thought she was their savior,” purred Aria. “Because she is no savior. Not after she's killed Ella.”

“And why would she kill Ella?” I asked, this sickness twisting in my guts. How could the future me want to hurt Virginia? To twist her and break her.

“Simple,” said Super Evil Bitchy Me. “The only way she's escaping Ella is to take the blade from her. And she can only do that by killing her.” A smile spread on cunty me's lips. “And she'll do it because I have you. Her heart. Her soul. The one she cares about more than any other.”

Saffron leaned back into the shadows of her throne and laughed. Her madness reverberated through the halls. The other three joined her, cackling like a bunch of demonic hens.

I slammed my fist down on the ground. “Why would you want to rip out her heart? Tell me!” I bolted to my feet, the chains rattling. “Why the fuck would you want to hurt her. To make her cry. To drive her mad.”

“Simple,” the nasty version of me said, “because I hate her. I despise her. As much as I love her, I want to rend her flesh. I want to hear her howl. I have spent a thousand years with my heart bleeding. I have drowned in guilt and sorrow and despair. She deserves to suffer with me. She deserves to feel the same agony that I have.

“She deserves to wallow in the filth and shadows. When I am done with her, she'll be the Dark One that will butcher this world and ours. She'll be Death! She'll gallop across every universe, spreading misery and suffering.”

“Goddamn, that's metal,” I muttered. “How the fuck am I this twisted and disgusting? How did I become like you?”

Saffron smiled. “Because you killed your soulmate, Saffron. That's how. I'd suggest you try it, but I don't want anything to happen to my precious twin. Not after I went through all this fucking effort to go through time.”

“But don't worry,” Aria said. She moved to me, her fingers working in and out of her pussy. “I'll be sure to kill you in front of her. That will really drive her to us. I mean, if you watching Virginia died made you into that cunt on the throne, imagine what the reverse will do.”

“I can't wait,” that vicious and foul version of me said. “It'll be glorious. She'll love me and hate me and fuck the everlasting shit out of me.”

“Christ, that is dark,” I said. “I mean... Super dark. I think I need to get into therapy or something if I ended up as such a pathetic creature as you.”

Evil Me nodded. “Yes, yes, I already know. I have lived with this far, far longer than you can imagine. I am you, so I know just how disgusting I am, and...”

“You don't give two fairy farts,” I said, sighing. “Great. And, let me guess, these are Saffron-proof chains.”

“Please, feel free to see if I missed anything. I'll just fuck my cock in and out of my pussy and watch. I enjoy watching.”

Lada gave a wicked giggle that curdled my blood. I didn't want to know what sort of sick shit Evil Me was into. I felt along my neck. I had to try. It would be just like me to lie and claim they were Saffron-proof in the hopes that I would give up.

Only she would know that, so she wanted me to waste my time trying to get free of the chains.

And she would know that I know that, so she would want me not to get out. Which meant she knew that I would know that she would know that I would know and... My brain was about to explode. I rubbed at my ears, half-expecting steam to come out.

“What is she doing?” Brígida asked. 

“Her mind just melted as she realized that we think the same, so she doesn't know if I want her to try to escape or to not try to escape. She's fallen in the, 'She knows that I know that she knows that I know,' trap. Now she's going to try to think outside of the box.”

“You know, this is really unfair that you're me,” I said and crawled to her. She jammed her own cock into her pussy. “Why don't I just suck your dick. I've always wanted to suck my own cock. I mean, I saw Chipmunk do it.”

Evil Me smiled. “I never did make a dark elf assassin my bitch. I mean, you dominated her. I was impressed. You truly are me. You got her to surrender when she had the upper hand and could have murdered you all. I really thought that the attack would work. That most of you would die. Virginia would have been out of her mind with grief, but...”

“So, can I suck your cock?” I asked. “You can suck mine. It'll be fun.”

Evil Me laughed. “Oh, Saffron, what would it serve us to bite each others' dicks in half.”

“That's not what I was thinking. I mean, we could have some nice cums together. Besides, it would be dumb for me to do it while we were sixty-nining. I don't want my cock bit off.”

“Well, why don't you let me suck your dick then,” Evil Me said. “Then you can still say you've sucked your own dick.”

“But it's not the same,” I moaned. “See, sixty-nine. It's like the nuclear deterrent. You know, neither of us can bite the others' dick off without instant reprisal. Whaddya say.”

“Pass,” Saffron said. “You're just trying to weaken me with pleasure. Make me feel my humanity and all that garbage.”

“So you can still feel your humanity,” I said with a big grin. “That means Virginia can totally save you. How hot is that.”

Evil Me shook her head. “You are amusing. I bet we could keep each other company for centuries.”

“Mmm, sucking each others' dicks and decorating this place. It needs more—”

“Chains,” Cunty Me said. She looked around. “It does.”

“Fuck, this is getting boring,” Aria said. “Can't we just let Lada torture her to death, Saffron? I want to watch her scream as the skin is carved from her bones. After Virginia, she likes Lada the most. It'll be a big betrayal.”

“Sounds fun,” said Lada, “since you won't let me skin you, Saffron.”

“She must be held whole and unmarred until Virginia arrives,” Bitchy Me said, fucking her own cock in and out of her pussy.

“Ooh, ooh, see, she's got a heart. Me and her are totality going to tag-team Virginia. It'll be the ultimate twincest.” I shuddered. “Virginia will love every second of it. She's going to betray you all.”

“Of course she is,” Aria said. “And when she does, we'll finally get to rip her apart.”

“It's cute how you're trying to drive us apart,” Lada said. “Maybe I could just cut off a pinkie?”

“Or I could burn her,” Brígida said. “How would you like to fuck my cunt?”

“Pass,” I said. “I don't want to get whatever nasty STD has set your crotch on fire. Ugh, you got disgusting Brígida. All that anime rotted your brain.”

“It won't be long, Saffron,” Cunty Saffron said. “Right now, Virginia and Ella are fighting to the death. It's the only way out for Virginia is to take the sword and kill Ella.”

“And what happens if Ella kills her?” I asked.

“Well, you get to die in a thousand painful ways,” Sadistic Me said. “And we'll have to go back in time again. We'll get it right. Eventually. That's what's fun about time travel. You get to do it over and over again until you succeed.”

“Like in Higurashi no noko koro ni!” Brígida groaned. 

“Did anyone get that reference?” I asked.

None of us did. I sighed. Even evil, Brígida was an otaku. That was so depressing. I sprawled on my back. I just had to wait for Virginia to show up, kill my evil self, and save the day. Then it would be kisses and fucking and babies. I would so knock up Virginia. And she would knock up me. Then maybe I'd knock up myself just for the fun of it.

“Ooh, yes, yes, I would love to knock myself up,” moaned Cunty Me as she masturbated. “That is such a naughty mind you have.”

I sighed. She even knew my fantasies. It was really quite sick that this was my future. That I could become something so disgusting and foul and broken.

“I know!” gasped Evil Saffron, her boob jiggling. “Oh, yes, yes, I know. I am so filthy! Yes!”

“And you have a quick trigger,” I muttered as she flooded herself with cum. How could I save Virginia? I had to warn her but how? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Virginia Homewood

The angels told me I had to save the one cloaked in shadows. In lies. Poor Ella was deluded into thinking I was the bad guy and that she was the hero. I stood in the darkness. There was nothing around us. It was sort of sickening.

“Did you kidnap Saffron?” I demanded.

“I have removed your favorite demon,” Ella said, her face twisting in disgust. “Your incestuous relationship proves that you're the Dark One. Only something evil would do that.”

“Incest isn't evil when it's consensual!” I said, my heart pounding. I had the golden power and magical cum. I had to defeat her. Somehow.

And I couldn't kill her. That was a big no-no.

“I have gained the starmetal blade!” Ella said. “I have bonded with a star, taken her as my lover, and she has given me the power to defeat you, Dark One!”

“I'm not the Dark One!” I gasped, holding out my hands. “Do you see horns on my head? Do I have fangs or claws? I don't even have a weapon.”

“Sure you do!” she hissed and pointed at my crotch. “Right there. The most devastating weapon of all. The cock. The symbol of feminine oppression.”

I groaned. She was some crazy feminist on top of it all. 

“With that cock, you have corrupted everyone from your sister to your friends. All those women in your harem were all perverted with that foul thing thrusting up from your crotch.”

“Uh, newsflash, you have a cock, too,” I said, pointing at her dick. “I mean, look at that right there. It's a big, throbbing dick.”

“This is a necessary evil,” she cried. “To fight the cock, I had to gain the cock. Through it, I was able to protect my women from your evil. At least until you seized poor Akane. You pumped her full of your foul jizz, rapist!”

“Do you know how dumb that sounds?” I demanded. “I'm evil for having a cock, but you're good because you have a cock. How does that make any sense?”

“It makes perfect sense!” she cried. “I am pure at heart. I am wholesome. I am not a slave of the dick. I master it. You... You're as bad as men. You strut around with that big dick and make women submit to you. I saw you leading Saffron around by the collar. And poor Surexila. What you did to her... Called her Chipmunk. You degraded her.”

“She seemed to love it,” I said.

“Internalized cock love!” she gasped. “You raped her into thinking that she loved it. We tried to save her, and you did the same to Akane, Dark One. I will cut you down. I will smite you. I will free you all!”

“Free Saffron!” I snarled. “What did you do to her?”

“I gave her over to the Three Goddesses,” she said. “They will care for her.”

I shuddered. “You gave her to Raatak, Itoyja, and Ammuch?”

“Yes!” She smiled. “We know she's your favorite. That's why we took her. You'll never see her again because you can never leave this place. I am the only one that has the exit.” She brandished her sword. “And I will never let you out!”

“They have my sister?” I asked, fear trembling in my voice. “Please, please, don't say that. Are they going to hurt her?”

“Why would they hurt her?” Ella demanded. “They're going to remove your darkness from her mind and restore her to the sanity that she should possess.”

I trembled. “Oh, god, why would you give them to her. Don't you know who you serve? Haven't you seen what they've done to Akane and Mrs. Webb? Bloodiron and demonsilk have driven them mad with rage and fear. I don't even want to know what has happened to Myra and the drama club.”

“What game is this?” demanded Ella. “Do you think that you're going to weaken me with this tremulous act? That your crocodile tears will sway me, Dark One!”

“Please!” Fear squeezed my heart. My entire body shook with terror. If my sister truly was in the hands of those three dark goddesses... “You have to save her! You have to save Saffron! I know you're a good person, Ella. I know that! You have to do it.”

Her brow furrowed. “Why don't you fight me honestly instead of trying to weaken my emotions. I won't be swayed, temptress. I won't fall victim to the evil of the cock thirsting from your pussy!”

“I don't care what you think about me, you have to rescue Saffron.” 

“And, what, let you go?” Ella snorted. “She's fine. They'll remove the futa-dick from her. Make her human again. She'll be home to our world in no time.”

“How can you be so daft!” I shouted. “You serve three terrible goddesses. Raatak followers trained Surexila to be an assassin. She tried to murder me.”

“The world needs to murder you!” Ella shouted, leveling her starmetal sword at me. “Your existence is a threat. I will destroy you!”

“I'm not!” I trembled, my heart pounding in my chest. How could I get through to her? Frantic panic beat in me. I had to get out of here, but there was nothing here. I couldn't see any way out of the place. We were in a black void that looked to stretch on and on for eternity. How could I escape it to get to Saffron? “Please, they'll torture her. Burn her. Brainwash her. That damned Vixen already did that once to her.”

“Vixen revealed who I was,” snarled Ella. “I'm the heroine! The new goddess was sent to rid the world of the evils of the Dark One and her foul futas. I will vanquish you, now fight!”

She charged at me, her large breasts heaving. She slashed her sword at me. I dived to the side, rolling across nothing. I came up to find her twisting and slashing the blade at me. The starry heavens shone in the sword. It was a hole in the heavens. 

My stomach writhed with nausea at its passage. I threw myself back, cock flopping. I had no choice. I fired a burst of silvery cum at her. It splashed on her face. She gasped, flinching back from it. She squeezed her eyes shut and shook her head.

It didn't sizzle on her. It didn't dissolve her or reveal her. It just dripped from her like it was normal cum. I had gained the power to banish evil with it. To destroy darkness. She wasn't evil. She wasn't darkness.

She was just tricked.

“That's so nasty,” gasped Ella. “Ugh, it got in my eyes!”

“Listen, listen,” I said. 

She thrust at me.

I yelped and jumped back. She swung that sword with such righteous fury. She would kill me. How could I stop her? I would have to get the sword from her. Could I even do that? It was a magical sword. I shuddered, needing to escape. I had to flee. To get to Saffron.

Light burst from my back. I gasped as golden energy surged from me. Golden wings extended from my back. Like an angel's. They flapped. I shuddered, rising into the air. My wings flapped harder and harder. Ella hissed as her blade slashed beneath me.

“You think that will save you?” she demanded. The ground she stood on rose in the air after me. “I control the disk. I made this space. We're in the world of the stars. The vast emptiness of the cosmos. There is nothing for thousands of light years in any direction. You have nowhere to go. I'm the only one who can get back.”

“Then you're the one that has to save Saffron!” I gasped. “Go to where you sent her. Fight her. The Demon Lord is there. The evil goddesses.”

She laughed. “I am not leaving here until you are dead.”

My heart lurched. I closed my eyes. Even now, my Saffron was in the clutches of pure evil. They could be torturing her. Cutting into her with Raatak's knives. Burning her with Itoyja's flames. Ammuch could be whispering such horrendous lies into her ears, killing Saffron's hope. 

“Kill me,” I whispered. “Kill me and you can save Saffron. You can rescue her and...”

I froze. This was what the angels warned me about. They didn't want me to sacrifice myself. They wanted me to live for Saffron. Not to die for her. To save her myself. They made me promise to save her. They knew. 

But how could I save Saffron and Ella? I couldn't possibly kill her. Right? They told me to save the one cloaked in shadows. That had to be Ella. She was under the shadows of lies. But what could I say to her that would convince her that I was a good person. That I wasn't evil.

Did I have to kill her?

Ella or Saffron? It was such an easy choice. As much as I wanted to save her, I loved Saffron more. But how. I didn't have a weapon. I needed a weapon. A sword.

Golden light flared into my hand. I gasped in awe as I made a sword of energy. It hummed like a lightsaber. I stared at it, my wings no longer flapping. I had created a weapon. I had made what I needed to kill Ella.

I didn't want to kill Ella, but...

My feet hit the ground. I gasped, the platform striking me. I lurched to the side, almost knocked over by it. She laughed and rushed in at me. She swung her sword, the blade humming through the air. I raised my blade and blocked it.

“So you finally are revealing your true colors,” she said, a big grin on her face. “Going to kill me with that weapon.”

“My golden weapon!” I hissed and knocked back her next attack. “Yeah, such an evil weapon.”

“Just because something is fair, doesn't mean it is good! You're hot, Virginia, but that doesn't mean you're not the biggest threat to the world.”

She swung at me. I blocked. Parried. Our swords rang. I slashed mine at her. I had to get to Saffron. She needed me. I had to beat anything that stood in my way. I had to win through to her. I roared, gripping my sword in two hands.

I battered into Ella, desperation lashing at my heart. Fears burned in my mind. Saffron skinned. Burned. Whipped. Beaten. Degraded. Tears spilled down my face as terror for my twin sister drove me to strike hard.

My golden wings slapped as our swords crashed.

Ella gasped as I hammered into her, swinging with both hands. She retreated further and further back. I wouldn't relent. I would save Saffron no matter the cost. My heart broke for what I had to do. I slammed my sword at her with all my might.

I needed to beat her!

The blades clanged together. Golden light burst from mine.

Ella cried out as her sword flew from her hand. I kicked out, striking her in the belly. She fell to the ground. I lunged at her. I planted my foot between her breasts. I aimed my sword at her throat. One stroke, and I would ram her through.

Fear gleamed in her green eyes. I just had to kill her, and I would be free of this place. I would fly to my Saffron. She was captured. It was my dream. Running through the dark statues, heading to the throne of skulls where something was chained by it.

Saffron.

I knew this day would come.

“I'm sorry, Ella,” I whimpered. “I have to save her. I have to save my Saffron!”

“What about the world!” Ella snarled. “How many will you kill, Dark One! How many will you destroy.”

“I... I... I won't kill any innocents! I just want to save Saffron.”

“Don't cry as you prepare to murder me!” Ella sneered. “Show me that much respect.”
“But I don't want to kill you.” My hand shook. Saffron screamed in agony in my mind. “I don't have a choice. There's no way to save you both. I wish there was. I need it. I need a way to save you both!”

Golden light exploded from me.

Ella screamed in fright. I stumbled back. When it cleared, Myra Gutierrez stood before us. She was naked and dripping in blood. Fire flicked on her fingers. She looked around in shock, her head whipping back and forth.

“What are you doing here?” gasped Ella. “And why are you dripping in blood? What happened to you, Myra?”

“I...” Myra glared at me. Then she fell to her knees. “My Goddess, I was beset by her demons. They slaughtered all your priestesses and would have killed me.”

My stomach lurched. I stared at that blood on her. “Please tell me you didn't kill the drama club.”

“Oh, no, no,” said Mayra, shaking her head. “I would never hurt them. Her terrible followers, those evil cheerleaders, appeared and slashed them with their swords. Ruined all their pretty faces. They did it for her!”

“Monster!” Ella hissed. 

“You're Itoyja's servant,” I gasped, staring at Mayra. “Surexila was Raatak's representative to Ella, Vixen was Ammuch. You're Itoyja's. You serve the Goddess of Fire. Of Destruction! There's blood on your lips. Were you... were you drinking their blood?”

“That's ridiculous,” Mayra hissed. “My goddess, slay her! Cut down her lies! She's trying to confuse us! I'm your loyal servant. Who was the first to recognize your divinity.”

“You were,” Ella said. She squirmed beneath my foot. She fought to break free. To get her sword. She would rush for her sword. Hurt me.

“Itoyja is the Goddess of Destruction. Of fire and hunger. You mutilated them, didn't you?”

A flicker of a smile played on her lips.

“It wasn't me who blinded them!” gasped Mayra. “It was your warriors. Led by her demon mage Brígida, they burst in and blinded them. Cut out their eyes. They were about to do it to me when her dark power gripped me.”

“You animal!” screamed Ella. “Why would you hurt my priestesses. They only ever loved me! Is that why? You had to hurt them for loving me.”

I had to expose Mayra. That was why she was here. She had been summoned to be exposed. She and Vixen had worked on Ella from our world, whispering in her ear. Lying to her. Surexila was on this side laying all the traps. Planting the bloodiron and the demonsilk. They were ready for their appearance. To drive the followers of Ella mad with fear and violence. And now blindness and mutilation.

“You're such a cunt, Mayra,” I growled. “Have you always been Itoyja's servant?”

“Always,” she moaned, squeezing her bloody tits. “I was the one who recognized Ella for who she was. The futa-heroine. Her shining heart. Her conviction of spirit. She was the one who would save the world. I could see it in her eyes. Remember how I bowed to you. You were so shocked, Ella. You couldn't believe that anyone would bow to you and pledged themselves. You didn't want to believe it. But I gave you proof.”

“Yes,” Ella croaked. “And now you're trying to drive a wedge between us, Virginia. Why?”

“I need you to watch!” I shouted, focusing on this golden power that was in me. It was the power of love. That was where it all came from. My desire to protect those who followed me. To save my sister. To die for her. To sacrifice all. To even kill for her. 

That came from my love, too. 

It could be twisted in horrible ways. Love could be molded. Fashioned. Turned into a weapon. I could hurt myself as much as others. It could become ugly. Possessive. Or it could be selfless. It could drive you to acts of courage or cowardice. Of heroism or despotism. That was what the angels wanted me to understand.

My power was the passion of the human heart. Why we from bonds. Communities. Harems of hot futas. I have to treat it with care. Do things the right way. Killing Ella would be a mistake. Throwing my life away was a mistake. Life had to be preserved. My life. My enemies' lives. I needed a love that was beyond the romantic. The familial.

I needed... universal love. Agape. To make sure my love worked for good of all the denizens of both worlds. 

“I need you to stay there and watch!” I said with such firm conviction. Golden chains appeared around Ella. “You have to see Mayra for what she is.”

“And what do you think I am?” Mayra asked. “Please, please, don't hurt me. Don't kill me! Ella! Break free! I'd grab the starmetal sword, but it would burn me.”

“Would it?” I asked and marched to it, my golden sword vanishing. I picked up the blade. The sword twisted in my hand. She didn't want to be held by me. I am not your lady's enemy, I thought, sensing a will in there. I serve the Seven Harmonious Goddesses.

Virginia? the starmetal blade whispered. There was something so familiar about it. Akane flashed in my mind for a moment. 

The blade stopped resisting. I didn't understand that at all. What was going on here?

Mayra gave the sword a nervous glance. Her breathing quickened. I smiled and tossed the blade at her. She squeaked in fright and jumped to the side. It clattered on the floor. Mayra shook her head, her black hair dancing around her golden-brown face.

“I can't,” she croaked. “It's Lady's Ella blade.”

“Take her up!” Ella cried. “Take up the sword. She wants you to. Her name is Enaka. She'll fight for you if you serve me. She'll help you defeat her and rescue me.”

Mayra shook her head, her lower lip quivering in fright. 

I spread my arms wide. “Pick up the blade and strike me down! Save your heroine. Your goddess!”

“She is a goddess!” spat Mayra. “Well, the potential to be one. On the right path. She is full of such passion. Such seed fires from her cock. Not that she'll ever get that destiny.”

“Why aren't you striking me down?” I asked.

Mayra looked around. Her breath quickened. “For Itoyja!”

She darted forward, fingers outstretched to rip out my throat. I smiled, open for her to kill. Her fingernails became claws. Something demonic flashed over her face.

My cock erupted. Hot cum spurted out and sprayed over Mayra's stomach and breasts. Like with Vixen, her flesh sizzled. Mayra flinched back. She screamed in pain and stumbled from the powerful jets of passion. I unloaded over and over again. I groaned, bucking through the pleasure. It surged through me.

“Yes, yes, yes!” I gasped, savoring the pleasure slamming through me. My pussy convulsed, soaking my bush in juices.

Mayra screamed as my cum sizzled on her flesh. Black scales appeared. Fire burst from her head, her hair became living flames. My cum splashed on her face, melting away her girlish features to reveal charred scales fissured with red cracks like she had been burned alive. Her body shuddered.

Agony twisted her features, but not from my cum, I realized. She always burned. More fire appeared on her shoulders. A cloak of them that burned down to the ground. She hissed, vampiric fangs shining in her mouth.

“W-what?” gasped Ella.

Mayra hissed and stumbled back from the force of my cum. She flinched from it sizzling on her charred scales. No, not scales. Skin burned to from a crocodile-like texture. A futa-vampiress embraced in fire and unable to die.

“Save me!” screamed Mayra as my cum spurted over and over. It splashed on her head and ran over the fire. The flames guttered. “Save me from the agony!” She fell to her knees before me, flames weeping from her eyes. “Please, please, save me!”

Pity broke my heart as I came on her head, showering her in my silvery cum. The fire washed over her. It smothered out every bit of her passion. She fell to her knees, weeping as the flames on her back were melted away. 

Then the char on her skin healed. Her skin became golden. It shone with such vibrancy. She lifted her face to the stream of my cum. She opened her mouth and gulped it down. She swallowed every drop, thrusting her arms out.

“Thank you!” she cried. “Thank you, thank you, thank you, Virginia. You freed me. Itoyja has gripped me in pain and agony and suffering for a thousand years. I always burned. Always!”

“M-Mayra,” gasped Ella. “You... How...”

“I'm free!” Mayra threw herself at me, my cum spraying over her face. The silvery jizz ran over her egg-smooth head. She opened her mouth and swallowed my cock. She engulfed it, gulping down my cum.

“What is going on?” gasped Ella.

To be continued...
