ficlet: somewhere only we know
Author: Seraphim_grace
Coda to 6x18
Rating: G

Dean doesn't summon Castiel, not at first. He summons Balthasar, his head ringing with Rachel's displeasure and some stupid song from the radio.
He makes his terms clear. He is going to summon Castiel, and Castiel is going to take the day off and Balthasar is going to cope in his absence or so help me god, but if it's a dire, dire, end of the universe emergency then he can come to Dean and ask him to release Castiel.
People do stupid things when they're tired, they make mistakes, Dean knows that, and one day isn't a lot in the grand scheme of things, but Cas is fighting a war, and even that might be too much.

So Dean summons Castiel. He looks kinda pissed, bedraggled and tired. There are circles under his eyes. "I'm kidnapping you." Dean tells him, looping his arm through the angel's, "we're going to the beach. It is officially," he looks at his watch, "Nine o four am and I have arranged with Balthasar that he can cope until five fifteen pm. Until then, you are mine."

"Dean," Castiel attempts firm but it's just so tired. "I have a war to fight."

"Man, i know that, remember we had that conversation about the general who marched with his armies and he was too fucked up and tired to make the important decisions, and what happened to him?"

"He and his armies were slaughtered." Castiel lowers his eyes.

"Exactly, you don't sleep, we're in California, it's a nice day, the kids are in school so instead we're going to the beach."

---

Dean doesn't know why he chose the beach, Cas might have been happier in a museum surrounded by old things and memories but the beach, well it's just there. He unloads the blanket and the cooler of food and beer as Castiel just stands on the sand and looks at the ocean. "I do not understand why you have brought me here."

"To have fun." Dean grins at him. "It's the beach, it's what you do here."

"Dean," there it is, that growly warning tone that suggests violence.

"Here," Dean throws him a pair of old cut off jeans and a tee shirt, "put these on." Castiel undresses, the beach is completely deserted, cut off from the road by a sharp incline, but steps are carved into it.

Cas has skinny little chicken legs but he leaves his shoes and socks on. "dude," Dean says unlacing his own boots. "bare feet."

"But then I will get sand between my toes."

Dean's grin nearly splits his face. "You're kinda meant to."

Changed Castiel walks up to the line of where the ocean and land meet. He scrunches his toes into the wet sand and then the water laps over his feet. "It's cold." he says, and watches it retreat.

"Yeah," Dean agrees. "You know what you're supposed to do," he says, "go as close as you can to the water, but don't let it touch you, when it comes near run back, and then try it again." It was a game he played with Sammy, the two of them, exhausted and cranky from long car rides with their dad, running and whooping in the sand, and then eating egg sandwiches their Dad made with the shells sometimes still there and sand everywhere. They were good times, even if their Dad had always been too busy to play and there had only been a few of those days.

Cas tries it, and soon his face loses the harsh lines of war and tiredness, soaking up the sun, and the joy of such a simple, silly game.

Watching him, watching Cas laugh as he tries to outrun the tide. Dean feels a weight lift from his shoulders. That other angel was wrong, he thinks, I don't only call him when I want something, I just didn't want to interrupt his war.

Castiel comes running over to him, chest flushed and almost panting. "I,"

Dean defuses the moment quickly, "here," he says, offering him an orange soda, bought special for this. "It's kinda tradition."

"Thanks." Cas says, and Dean tells himself it's just about the soda. "Are you going to outrun the tide too."

"Actually, after we've eaten, I got a frisbee. I thought I could teach you to play that." The day will soon be over, Dean will go back to his hunt and Cas will go back to his war, but he'll do it with the memory of egg sandwiches, full of sand, and orange soda and wet sand rising up around his toes, and maybe, maybe, it'll get him through.