Dare Me - The Lost Swimsuit Saga
by neverdoubted 

Dare Me - The Lost Swimsuit Saga (Part 20)

Exotic bird calls woke me the next morning just as the sun was beginning to rise on our last vacation day. The rain had stopped at some point in the night and the passing storm was becoming nothing more than a memory. I immediately went to check on Lucy and found her fast asleep in the same position I had left her. I paused to take in the erotic sight of her naked body spread out on the cot. Her normally pale white skin was pink all over from too much sun, especially on her most intimate areas. But it was well on its way to fading into a nice all-over tan.

Her hair was matted to her head, probably from tossing and turning for much of the night. But it would recover after some attention. Her lower petals were still unprotected and puffy but showed no lasting ill effects from last night's watery stimulation.

A sunbeam burned its way through the dwindling clouds and landed directly on her flat stomach and lower abdomen. Rousing slightly, she drew in a deep breath. Her flawless bare chest expanded in an alluring fashion as she filled her lungs with crisp morning air. Her cute breasts rose into swells as her pale nubbins strained toward the sky in a sexy greeting.

Her eyes still closed; she unconsciously stretched her lithe lower body up toward the sun. Bowing her backside, she stretched until her whole body was off the cot only supported by her shoulders and the crooks of her knees in a pose she must have used repeatedly throughout the storm. Her lovely flower bloomed even more in response to the coaxing warmth. Glistening like morning dew, it looked completely healthy and no worse for wear despite her overnight punishment.

She was clearly in need of a more comfortable position, but being bound as she still was, she could not extract her feet from below the cot. Nor could she bring her knees any closer together. She could only strain her aching joints and sore muscles as best she could with a pitiful whimper. Her arms remained stuck above her head still secured to the log post which she had spent the whole night embracing. In that moment, I regretted not having a camera to help remember what a sexy sight she made. But I had to settle for a mental picture. Then, taking pity on her, I loosed the ties binding her hands and feet and she immediately curled up into an adorable naked ball in the warm sun and fell back asleep.

I let her continue sleeping as I got around and cooked the remaining eggs. When mom woke up, I brought her a cup of coffee and broke the bad news about our stolen suitcases. She was still only wearing her skimpy string bikini bottoms and was understandably anxious to learn she had nothing to change into. But she was also definitely hungover from partying so hard at Sharky's Revenge and not in any condition to problem solve. I told her not to worry. I would take care of it. But I still caught her searching around trying to at least figure out where her bikini top and swim wrap had gone.

I didn't blame her. I had been wearing my swim trunks for twenty-four hours straight and would have loved something else to change into for the flight home. It was enough motivation to get me to stop stalling and start looking for solutions. Despite some puddles in the grass which I wisely kept my distance from for fear of snakes, the tiki hideaway had survived the storm intact. Making my way over to my hammock, I brainstormed a way out of our conundrum as I swung leisurely.

The problem, as usual, was money. Despite my playful threats to Lucy last night in bed, I knew I couldn't make her fly home completely naked. Heck, they probably wouldn't even let me, a boy, get on the plane without at least a shirt to go with my swim trunks! No way would they let Lucy through baring her cute little breasts, as fun as that sounded. No, I concluded I would have to buy her a new outfit to wear home. Mom, too. That would probably cost most, if not all our souvenir money.

"If only those little shits hadn't stolen our suitcases..." I thought, glaring up at the brutalist apartment building looming over us.

“Why did women's clothing have to be so expensive?” I thought. “If they wore men's clothes, I could surely get by spending a lot less. And even have some leftover for souvenirs.” …wait a minute!

I stood up from the hammock suddenly as inspiration struck me. In a fit of genius improvising (something I am well known for), I figured out a way to solve both my problems. Why not combine my clothing purchase with my souvenir purchase? It was perfect! And I knew just the place to go to make it happen!

Grabbing the money excitedly, I told mom to stay with Lucy and be ready to leave when I got back. We were due at the airport soon and there was no time to waste. She was topless in just a string bikini bottom along with her completely naked daughter. And neither of them had access to more clothes. I doubted they would have any interest in wandering far from the hut until I returned with something more for them to wear. Still, to keep her busy, I told her to make sandwiches out of the remaining food so we would have something to eat between flights.

My destination, if you haven't guessed by now, was the screen-printing shop in the strip mall across the highway. It was close enough and cheap. I remembered a sign advertising "Buy 2 get 1 free" shirts. That's exactly what we needed. I could buy one shirt for myself and one for mom. The third free one could go to Lucy! Ok, I knew it was kind of risky asking my little sister to fly in nothing but a cheap cotton shirt with some raunchy cartoon printed on the front. And it might be a hard sell to convince her to go through with it. But I thought I could pull it off if I played my cards right. She was still performing her dare after all.

Mom might balk at the idea too. But after the way she paraded around half naked at the bar last night, she had no right to plead a sense of decency. I knew she would fall in line and fly in whatever I gave her if pushed hard enough. At least she, unlike Lucy, had bikini bottoms to wear underneath.

I got to the screen-printing store and had a great time picking out the perfect shirts. Since I knew the girls would never wear them again after we got back home, I just picked out whatever I felt was the best. I went with a common theme for all three. I got one tee shirt for myself and the other two were tank tops (or wife beaters, if you will). They all had a different cartoon beach scene printed on them which commemorated our trip in different ways.

The tee shirt said "Redneck Riviera - Leader of the Pack" in a colorful, airbrushed font, and had a big bulldog with sunglasses walking down the boardwalk. Women in skimpy bathing suits were all turning to admire the dog as he walked by. I liked it because it had the Ferris wheel in the background and reminded me of our time spent at Riviera Pier.

The second shirt was a tank top that said "Redneck Riviera - Catch and Release Program" and showed a row of fishermen standing against a fence. On the other side of the fence were a bunch of busty women sunbathing on the beach. Instead of angling into the water, the men were casting their lines toward the women and reeling in their bikini tops. Whenever he caught one, a fisherman would turn and toss the top into the sea where it would swim free like a fish. Many of the women in the scene were already topless and some were chasing their tops as they were reeled away by the fishermen. I liked how it - being fish themed - reminded me of Skipper's Bay.

The last shirt was also a tank top. It said, "Redneck Riviera - Lost and Found" and featured the same bulldog as in the tee shirt. Only this time, the dog was lounging in a shaded and fenced-in area of the beach beside his doghouse. Inside his fence was a huge pile of swimsuits and bikinis along with a sign that read "swimsuit lost and found".

The beach beyond his pen was a chaotic scene. An entire pack of hound dogs was roaming among the sunbathers collecting suits. Some were sneaking the bikini tops away from unsuspecting bathers. Others were outright yanking them off girls and women as they walked. They were bringing the lost swimsuits to the bulldog's pen and adding them to the pile. It appeared that no female on that beach was immune from the swimsuit collecting dogs. Many of the women and girls were already naked and standing in classic embarrassed poses trying to hide their privates. I knew right away who was going to be wearing that shirt.

I got mom got an adult large to accommodate her gargantuan growths. I was going to go with medium for Lucy but decided to swap it to small at the last moment. Her little body didn't need much. At checkout, I also grabbed one of those cheap disposable cameras. I was kicking myself for not having thought to do that earlier. I couldn't go back and document the entire vacation, but I could snap a few pictures of our last day.

Mom was ready to go by the time I got back. She had cleaned the hut, collected our trash into bags, and was pacing the yard waiting for me to return with some clothes for her. Lucy had woken up and taken a shower. She had washed her hair and was snoozing in the sun to let it dry. The air was heating up quickly. It was going to be another hot day. Too bad we would be stuck spending it on airplanes instead of on the beach this time.

When she stood up and walked over, she looked positively radiant in all her naked glory. Her already gorgeous blonde hair had even lighter streaks of sunkissed highlights now. People would spend a fortune at a hairdresser to look like that and never come close to her natural beauty. Her evenly bronzed skin glowed in the morning sunshine. The uniform color of her torso was only disrupted by her two perky tits; drawing your eyes directly to her cute nipples like a magnet. I almost hated to give her a shirt.

I sent mom to the dumpster with the trash then pulled Lucy aside.

"I know you didn't get much sleep last night. But I'm not sorry about it," I told her sternly. "You weren't listening to me and had to be punished."

She looked up at me with big sad eyes, like a puppy who had just been disciplined.

"Today, I expect you to do everything I say without questioning. And you better not even think about touching yourself until we get home. In fact, I don't want to even see your hands move below your waist the rest of the day unless I tell you to."

Her hands had been hanging by her side. But tensing her shoulders and bending her arms, she immediately lifted them up to around her belly button. Seeing she had been sufficiently punished and was ready to comply, I asked her if she was ready to see what clothes I had bought her to wear home. At that news, she perked up in anticipation and her happy smile returned. But her hands remained above her waist as ordered.

Before showing the girls my purchases and letting them get dressed, I went to Mr. Unger's door and borrowed his phone to call the taxi. Then I asked if he would mind taking some pictures of us with the disposable camera. He didn't react to Lucy's lack of clothes or to mom's massive naked breasts. He just kept that same scowl he always had with the cigarette hanging out of his mouth.

I chose the sand pit with the tiki hut in the background as the location for a few official vacation photos. I stood in the middle and called mom over. I wrapped an arm around her waist comfortingly and pulled her in tight with instructions to smile big. Even though she was posing topless for a vacation picture next to her son, she followed my lead and smiled brightly, nonetheless. Then I called Lucy over.

She had her hands crossed behind her back. But suddenly camera shy, I caught her trying to turn to the side to at least keep her pussy in shadow for the photo. I wrapped my hand around her, letting slide down until I had healthy handful of her tight bottom. Then I gently rotated her in place until her privates were in clear view of the lens.

Mr. Unger counted to three. Just as he clicked the shutter, I gave her a playful squeeze. The goosed Goosey rose up on her tiptoes as her eyes went a little wider, but she did hold her adorable smile. Then I asked him to stick around so we could get another photo in the same pose with our souvenir shirts on.

Handing out the shirts, I could see the girls were quite disappointed in my solution to their nudity. Besides the degrading cartoons on the front, the fabric was very cheap and made out of thin white cotton. Lucy's, being smaller, barely came down to cover her bottom and showed off all of her long, tan legs; and even a little beyond that.

Mom's shirt was bigger but got gathered up more by her huge bosom. The two larger spots of her areolas and nipples were visible through the fabric. Also, the shirt hung straight down from her chest and barely reached her bikini bottoms. From behind, she could be mistaken as bottomless. Only if she was walking and the hem bounced up playfully could you see the black thong bottoms nestled in her curvaceous crack.

I could tell they were both apprehensive, but did not complain or balk when I ordered them back into position for another photo. In fact, mom was more comfortable with this picture than the last one. To match the first photo, I slid my hand up under Lucy's tank top and cradled her bottom. It caused her shirt hem to ride up dangerously close to exposing her again and clearly showed that, unlike mom, she wasn't wearing anything under her shirt.

Just as the disposable camera's shutter made another click, a taxi honked to announce its arrival. After one last look around our vacation rental yard, we said "goodbye" to Mr. Unger. Despite their revealing attire which was completely inappropriate for traveling, I heard no protest from either of the girls as they piled into the taxi for our shuttle to the airport. I think, for different reasons, they deferred to me as the leader of our little pack. With almost no money and almost no clothes, they had to depend on me to get us home, even if it meant a little discomfort and exposure along the way.

With no luggage other than my carry-on backpack, our check-in process at the airport should have gone smoothly and quickly. But the lady at the airline counter took one look at the girls in their scandalous outfits and almost refused to turn over our boarding passes. Only after I played on her sympathies and told our tale of woe did she agree to help us.

I told her we had been on vacation when our luggage was stolen. We were out of money and just trying to get back home. The girls fit the narrative of weary beleaguered travelers in their thin tank tops and little else. The lady bought my story and reluctantly offered to see what she could do to help. She made us wait a long time while she went into a back room. She returned and explained the airline had a "no shoes, no shirt, no service" policy (lucky for us, their policy didn't say anything about wearing pants or underwear!). We were all technically wearing shirts - in Lucy's case, that was all she was wearing. But she insisted they would not allow us on the plane without shoes.

Fortunately, she had come up with a solution for that. She produced three pairs of white disposable "shoes", which were little more than paper booties like the kind you might put on over your real shoes to keep from tracking in dirt. They were thin and bright white, more like bags than shoes, and had a band of elastic that sinched over your ankles.

How humiliating! I wasn't sure I could endure walking around in those stupid booties with everyone staring. It would have been too much for me. Fortunately, I remembered that I had packed my flip-flops in my backpack! The lady accepted those as my shoes and only made mom and Lucy wear the booties. Then she gave us an official note explaining our situation and permitting us to fly in case anyone else tried to stop us.

Mom and Lucy looked so out of place with no pants and white bags over their bare feet walking through the airport showing off their new skimpy tank tops. But the cartoons on the fronts were just so fitting. Mom looked like she was advertising the catch and release program at the Redneck Riviera. Like her own bikini top had been hooked by an angler and set free in the gulf which sentenced her to return home in just her bottoms.

Similarly, Lucy's cartoon made it look like she had fallen victim to one of the dogs working at the beachside lost and found. She had “lost” her swimsuit and never found it. She could only hope it wasn't too obvious to our fellow travelers that there was a naked girl underneath that tank top billboard. I led them through the airport to find our gate. Fittingly of my shirt, I was truly the leader of the pack. The scantily clad girls shuffled behind me in their paper booties trying not to move too fast and flash too much of their gorgeous, tanned bodies to the gawking onlookers.


Dare Me - The Lost Swimsuit Saga (Part 21)

9-11 was still years away and airport security was nothing like it is now. After showing the gate attendant our official permission slip and boarding passes, we were allowed onto the plane without incident for the first of our two return flights. We swooped out over the ocean before turning north and I waved goodbye to our tropical paradise.

Our seats were all together this time. I got the window and Lucy was next to me in the middle seat. Mom sat in the aisle. It was funny watching mom wrestle with her top trying to make it bigger. She preferred to keep it pulled down to cover more of her legs as she sat. But when she did so, the too loose scoop neck stretched down with it and bared even more of her substantial cleavage. Her monumental chest attracted the attention of every man within ten rows, and more than a few women. But when she tried to adjust the straps back up, she just ended flashing even more of her bare legs and thong.

Lucy, having previously endured a completely naked flight, was more appreciative of her covering; no matter how meager, and didn't wrestle with it. I wasn't surprised when she fell asleep not long after take-off. Being tied up all night with your privates bared beneath a waterspout was not conducive to restful night's sleep. While mom got most of the attention, there were two teenage boys directly across the aisle who kept looking to figure out what Lucy was wearing under her shirt in between stealing glances at mom's impressive bulging rack.

I let her sleep for a little while but had no intention of letting her get too comfortable. I had promised to let her dare end when we got home, but not before then. That meant time was running out. I decided to wake her up midway through the flight and give her another task. I also wanted to gauge where her body's heat level was and ensure her factory would be good and ready when the time came to make her diamonds. Giving those two cute boys a show would be a great way to achieve just that.

Above the din of the engines, I shook her awake by the shoulder. "Hey Lucy," I said as she rubbed her eyes and looked over at me sleepily. "You're looking a little pink. Hand me your shirt and I'll give you another lotion treatment."

That woke her up! I had retrieved the jar containing Surfer Dave's cream from my backpack and was holding it expectantly where she could see it. I could tell where her mind was when straight away, as she looked over at the boys across from us. When she accidentally made eye contact with one of them, she quickly turned back to me with a blush forming and shook her head pleadingly.

"No, Mikey. Please, not now! Not here!" She begged. But I didn't even have to push her. She knew I wasn't going to change my mind. Unless she wanted a more severe punishment like last night, she had to do this.

Mom's eyes bulged when her young daughter, apparently of her own volition, lifted the only article of clothing she had over her head and handed it away. The boys also noticed immediately when the girl of their dreams that they had been ogling across the aisle the whole flight suddenly made their fantasy come true by stripping naked right in front of them.

"Lucy Jenkins!" she gasped, "For God's sake, put your shirt back on!"

It was cute to see her embarrassed on her daughter’s behalf at being naked in front of two eager boys her age. They glanced at each other in disbelief at their good fortune, then turned back to enjoy Lucy's naked exhibition. Their eyes weren't the only things on their bodies that started bulging.

"It's ok, mom," Lucy was forced to contend despite the slight quiver in her voice, "I asked Mikey to give me another treatment. My burn is starting to hurt again."

I had to give her credit. Even with no way of knowing when I would give it back to her, she had obediently handed me her shirt. She squeezed her fluttering blue eyes closed, probably in an attempt to avoid making eye contact with one of the boys again, before turning her naked front toward them. She raised her arms and held her hair out of my way; waiting patiently with her cheeks burning in shame for me to begin massaging her naked breasts in front of her two new disbelieving admirers. In this pose, her perky points were lifted into greater prominence and her cute little nipples were thrust directly at them. Naturally, their mouths fell open.

Mom was initially scandalized as I scooped out a dollop of lotion, reached around the naked girl's shapely torso, and began working it into her bare breasts manually. I had the routine down by now and knew how to work around the outsides of her mini-mammaries until she began cooing contentedly despite her humiliating situation.

Mom wasn’t in the way or trying to stop me, but she was partially blocking the view Lucy was providing for the boys. I concluded I needed to think up an excuse to get her out of the way for a while. As usual, I quickly came up with clever way to solve that problem. I'm incredibly good at improvising, if you haven't heard…on occasion, at least.

"Hey mom," I said, matter-of-factly and extra loud so the eavesdropping boys could hear, "you look like you got too much sun yesterday while you were tanning topless on the beach. You really should put some of this stuff on, too. You don't want to get a bad burn."

She looked down at herself. The tops of her normally creamy white breasts were indeed tinted an angry pink color. It had to be irritating to have nothing to keep your breasts from rubbing against the coarse fabric of a tank top; even one as loose fitting as hers. Before she could argue or come up with an excuse not to, I handed her the jar of cream and loudly ordered her to go apply a coat all over her breasts in the bathroom. The boys’ eyes went even wider upon hearing about that idea.

My ploy to get mom out of the way and occupied worked beautifully. She stood up and turned every head as she shuffled forward up the aisle trying desperately to stretch her shirt down a little further. She was gone a long time, but I'm not surprised. She had a lot of real-estate to slather with the weird green balm. I doubt she stopped to read the ingredients list before applying the stuff. I doubt it would have mattered. Dave had specifically asked us not to tell the police about it. And his recipe surely included more than a few ingredients of questionable legality.

The whole encounter with him was a haze in my brain; like the smoke in his shop made it hard to concentrate. I tried to remember what he had said his lotion contained. I distinctly recalled him saying something about it stimulating growth of certain body parts. But was he talking about an aphrodisiac or some sort of actual growth hormone? Knowing Dave, it was probably both, and probably lots of it!

Whatever it was, little Lucy couldn’t get enough of the stuff. It never failed to somehow both relax her and turn her body on even more. By the time I reached her unbelievably taut nipples, she was positively buzzing with arousal. It was good to see the overnight ordeal hadn't spoiled her and her arousal was still simmering beneath the surface. When I was finished, she leaned back in her seat and rubbed her smooth legs together sexily. I did not return her shirt but let her lay there naked and buzzing with need. But I kept close watch to make sure she didn't give into temptation and start playing with herself.

The boys across from us appeared to have broken and needed a reboot. One stared unblinking at the writhing naked dream girl. His jaw must have been getting tired from hanging open so long. The other was shifting uncomfortably in his seat and rubbing his crotch in a not-very-discrete manner. Neither one even noticed when I pulled out my camera and got a nice picture of Lucy sitting in the airplane completely naked with a bedroom smile on her face, a slight sheen glistening between her legs, and two horny boys looking on in the background.

If I had been taking a sip of something when mom returned, I would have done a spit-take. Her balm application session in the bathroom looked to have been an utter success; or should I say udder success? Dave's aphrodisiatic cream was now coursing through her system as well and her body was responding. She walked down the narrow airplane aisle with her high beams on under her shirt. Her already impressive rack became practically pornographic with her large stiff nipples tenting out the front fabric and making a sharp obvious outline. To drive the point home, there was also a warm blush of arousal on her neck.

The nipple stiffness had caused her shirt hem to lift even higher than before and she was now fully flashing the tiny front triangle of her bottoms. The same passengers that had seen her leave looked up as she walked by with her breasts jiggling and swaying erotically beneath her thin tank top. With my focus on Lucy, I had not intended to expand mom's humiliation beyond that. But she said something when she returned which rubbed me the wrong way and put her on my bad side. She took one look at her naked daughter writhing erotically in the seat with me still holding her shirt and turned to me with a judgmental frown.

"Michael, what are you doing? Give your sister her shirt back right this instant!" she chided.

Why did she automatically blame me? Oh well, I was not about to let her push me around. I was the leader of this pack. I was the big dog. I did not take orders from her. I gave the orders in our family. Perhaps mom needed an embarrassing reminder of the hierarchy. Ignoring her command completely, my eyes went wide in feigned alarm as I jerked up in my seat.

"Mom! What the hell?! How can you be so careless? Didn't you read the instructions?" I said with a frown of my own and frantic edge in my voice. "You're supposed to let the lotion air out after application, or it doesn't work. Also, you're going to stain your shirt green if you don't let it dry properly. Quick, take off your top and give it to me!"

Ever compliant to anyone in authority, she sat down and obediently whipped her shirt off over her head. Only after handing it to me did she look down in surprise to see her naked turgid nipples now poking proudly in the open air upon her considerable rack and her blush spread up onto her cheeks.

To show they were my possession to do with as I pleased, I casually tucked both the girls' tops into my backpack. Then, to assert my dominance, I handed the bag to mom and made her put it away in the overhead bin. Now topless with her massive breasts thrust in curvaceous profile and her wrinkled nipples pulled tightly into obvious arousal by Dave's stimulating lotion, the topless woman had to stand up right there in the aisle and lift the backpack over her head to the great delight of all nearby passengers. Her huge melons hung down over her well-trimmed tummy as she stretched her arms above her head. I snapped a great picture of the scene for our vacation memory album.

Sufficiently cowed, she sat back down and crossed her arms under her large chest while her boobs air dried. The boys' open mouths had morphed into hungry smiles as their eyes darted back and forth between the fully grown topless woman with the spectacular rack and her completely naked daughter writhing sexily next to her. They were completely oblivious to my presence as I snapped a few more pictures of Lucy and mom with them gaping lecherously in the background.

When the stewardess walked past, she almost had a heart attack to find two gorgeous women sitting nearly naked on her flight. But I showed her the note excusing our unusual attire. Then I explained about their sun cream and how the pharmacist had ordered they let it dry in the open air. After that, she had no choice but to let the girls' lewd display continue.

I made mom and Lucy spend the rest of the flight undressed like that. Only after we landed and the people started to unboard, did I let mom retrieve our backpack and return their tops. I doubted she would try to usurp me or question my leadership again after that ordeal.

We shuffled off the plane into the concourse for our layover. I somehow felt even more out of place at this airport. I think it was because we were no longer in a subtropical locale and there were far fewer tourists here. We were mostly surrounded by traveling businessmen. Mom, still feeling the effect of the titillating cream and sporting her pokeys, attracted a lot of attention. She looked around shyly as she shuffled through the airport behind me in her white booties flashing her black thong with every step. I'm sure she could feel every eye trained on her. Every eye except the ones looking at Lucy, that is.

Lucy was dealing with other problems. Sure, she had little matching pokeys like her mother. But her greater problem was the heat growing between her legs. She didn't have the luxury of bikini bottoms and her thighs were becoming coated in moisture which glistened in the bright fluorescent lights. I could tell she wanted to intervene before it started running down her thighs. But she had promised to keep her hands above her waist. So instead, she rubbed her thighs together as she walked which just spread the slippery coating out even further. And to keep her hands occupied, she played with strands of her hair, twirling them around her fingers over and over. It was quite adorable to watch in its own strange way.

We found a place to eat our sandwiches then made our way to the next gate. Mom settled into a chair to wait, but when I saw we had a little time to kill, I made Lucy come with me to go exploring instead. I came up with a challenge while we explored the terminal, just to keep her primed. She had to pick out ten cute boys our age, make sure they were looking at her, then lift the hem of her shirt above her waist without their parents noticing. She had to complete the challenge before it was time to board our next flight.

Getting the boys' attention was the easy part. Figuring out a way to flash them without their parents catching her proved more difficult. I watched from a distance as she went about completing her humiliating task. With school still in session around the country, there weren't many boys traveling in the middle of May. So, whenever she found one, she had to stop and wait for just the right moment. She would pretend to watch the airplanes through the window, maybe even using the reflection in the glass as a guide.

Once she was sure the parents weren't watching, she would turn and quickly flash her puckered pussy lips to the lucky boy, flipping her hem up as if it might have been an accident. Anyone who happened to be behind her and paying attention was treated to a quick glimpse of her perfectly proportioned bottom. Then, blushing heavily, she would drop her shirt and quickly leave the area. I could see her chanting to herself as she walked, "never again...never again."

She managed to flash nine boys along with several extra bystanders. It was an impressive feat, but I felt she could handle a little more. I caught up to her and added a little extra twist, a way to really make the last lucky boy's encounter memorable. For the last boy, she had to lift her shirt up much higher so that she was flashing her chest, too. Then she had to smile and wave and keep flashing him until he waved back at her. That way, there would be no mistaking her degrading exhibition as anything but an intentional act.

As soon as she spotted her final target, she started mouthing to herself as she moved into position near him. He was attractive and had immediately noticed her as she made her way around the gate. She pretended to study a departure board and waited until his parents to get distracted. As soon as they were looking the other way, she turned and lifted her shirt for the boy. I snapped a spectacular photo of Lucy standing in the airport concourse flashing her bare body to an eager young man. She had a smile on her face, but her eyes were strained as she waited impatiently for the boy to reciprocate her wave. Her left hand was balled up into a fist holding the hem of her shirt up above her delectable little boobies which also caused her entire lower half to be bared. Her shoulders were tensed but she waved her open right palm in a warm greeting. Her pink petals glistened with arousal as two stiff points poked out their own greeting from her young chest.

Finally, the boy recovered enough from Lucy's erotic presentation, and managed to complete a wave back at her. Her task accomplished; she immediately dropped her shirt back down into position just as the boy's mom was turning back around. Blushing profusely, she turned and hustled away as fast as her little white booties could take her.

It was almost time to start boarding our last flight. But before returning to mom, I thought up one more thing for her to do. Her shirt was so incredibly thin that I was academically curious what it would look like when it got wet. So, I made her go into the bathroom and splash water all over her shirt. She hesitated, but only briefly. When she came out, it was plastered to her like a second skin. I had her pose for a cute picture of her standing at the wall of windows watching the planes take off with the shape of her entire fit hourglass body glowing salaciously through her now transparent tank top.

Mom had fallen asleep waiting at the gate. Hilariously, her loose shirt had shifted and both her boobs where completely sticking out through different holes as she slept. Chuckling, I snapped a quick picture to add to the album before waking her up.

Since naughty Lucy had gotten her shirt wet in the airport, as soon as we reached our row in the plane, I made her take it off and hang it over the seat until it dried. I even made her personally apologize to the businessmen in the row in front of us for getting their seats all wet. They were quite accommodating, and one even asked for mom’s phone number. Lucy spent the flight completely naked and still writhing with need. In fact, I didn’t give her shirt back until after we exited the plane and were almost to the end of the jetway.

We went straight to the line of taxis. With no luggage to retrieve, we could skip the baggage claim. She rode home next to me in the back seat of the taxi with her hands in her lap. Being so close to home, I didn't enforce the “hands above waist” rule. With the finish line in sight, she kept looking up at me with a big, dimpled grin and her hands laying on her unadorned lap sensually caressing the tops of her legs.

"We're almost home!" she whispered excitedly to herself, as we turned onto our street. She had survived by far her longest dare yet and was eager to get inside and draw the reward from her primed body. But I couldn't resist giving her one last task before crossing the finish line. I whispered it to her as we pulled into our driveway.

Mom exited the car first and went straight inside, almost certainly to get some more modest clothes on. I paid our cab fare with the very last of our money and started inside behind her. But when I got onto to the porch, I turned and looked back with a smirk. As instructed, Lucy was standing outside the taxi driver’s rolled down window. She had her shirt balled up in her hand and was thrusting out her naked pelvis to show off her recent close shave and let the driver sample how smooth it made her pussy feel. That was the final humiliating act of her dare.

My last instruction, after telling her to tip the taxi driver in the most Lucy way possible, had been to come find me and turn in her shirt. She found me in my room unpacking my backpack and tossed me the shirt.

"Is it over? Can I do it now?" she asked with an eager smile, waiting for me to give her permission to go masturbate.

On the spot, I convinced myself of something. I felt like I had worked just as hard as her on this dare. Ok, maybe that's a stretch. But I had worked hard. Why shouldn't I get to enjoy the fruits of our labors?

"Yes, Lucy. You can do it now. But I have a new rule. From now on, at the end of a dare, you can't just run off and do it in your room. You have to offer to show me the first one."


"OK, would you like to watch the first one?" she asked impatiently. If she was conflicted about my new rule or had any reservations, the urgent need inside her overruled them all. She didn't care where she was as long as she got the relief that had so long been denied her. I mused that she probably would have done it on the plane if I let her!

She had her legs squeezed together and her hand was resting on her lower abdomen. Her index finger rubbed circles just above and out of reach of her cute little cleft. As soon as I nodded my head, three fingers of her right hand immediately slid onto her puffy mound, and she gasped.

"Ooh, Mikey! It's SOOO soft!" she exclaimed with wide eyes and an astonished smile. I realized she had not yet gotten the chance to sample Sailor Dave's close shave down there. Her pussy had already been so smooth before the shave that I hadn’t expected it to feel much different to her. But I guess I was wrong.

She let two fingers caress the outsides of her lips but pushed the middle one directly between them to draw them apart. She moaned and her legs buckled when she reached her magic button. I thought she was going to collapse. But she held herself erect and even rose up on her tiptoes during her upward return stroke. Speaking of erect, I had to hold my backpack in front of my swim trunks to hide my massive erection.

Her left hand moved up to attend to her little breast while her right moved down for another stroke cycle. Despite standing in the open doorway to my room with mom somewhere downstairs, she did not make any attempt to stay quiet. She moaned and mewled as loud as her body demanded.

As the naked overheated girl continued masturbating herself where she stood, her factory roared to life, and she inevitably began to increase the pace of her pleasurable petting. Her erotic moans followed suit, now coming in rapid succession. Her whole body was committed to the act and her muscles strained. Finally freed from its restrictions, her little diamond factory was finally allowed to do what it was built for.

Her eyes rolled back in her head and a long loud moan burst from her lungs as she began shuddering uncontrollably. Then it happened. She came where she stood; making the biggest, most beautiful diamond her little body could possibly produce. It's a long story, but that was actually not the first time I had watched my sister reach orgasm by her own hand. And I vowed right then and there that it wouldn't be the last.

She looked lightheaded as she came down from the ecstasy that had long been denied her. It was her first orgasm since uttering those two fateful words so many days ago. And by looking at her body, she was far from finished. But I had some urges of my own that I wanted to take care of. Patting her on the head to show my appreciation of a job well done, I declared her dare officially complete and excused her to go continue making countless diamonds in the privacy of her room.

Closing my door behind her, I finally peeled off my swim trunks and laid down on my bed to attend to myself. But before I started, all the new things I had experienced flashed through my mind. I couldn't deny all that had gone wrong. Our entire once-in-a-lifetime vacation had been pared down to only a few days. We had squandered mom's entire severance package. Lucy had lost her swimsuit multiple times and our luggage had been stolen. Mom was now unemployed, and we were broke.

But despite all that, I would always fondly remember our first ever Jenkins family vacation as a smashing success. And I would gladly sign up for another one in a heartbeat; especially if it meant giving Lucy another dare!

The End