Cindy - My Bestie - Part II

(M+/F+, FF, MM, ws)

Written by: am101 - email:  am1013093@uid.onemain.com

ADULT MATERIAL - If you are 18 or under, this story is not for your eyes.

This is a continuation of another story (Cindy - My Bestie- Kristen's Archives, Directory 74), but this one stands on its own and is wonderfully full of erotic life. It is taken from another point of view, Cindy's husband, and brings the total story to completion.
 
My name is Harry, and I am happily, no ecstatically, married to Cindy, my wife of 7 years.

She got a call from her lifelong friend Marie to come to the city and participate in a social engagement that Marie thought Cindy would improve with her presence. (Kristen's Archives Directory 74)

Cindy is a vivacious woman with striking features. She has ample breast appeal for most men, her face is perfect in every way, her hair is brunet, long, and her legs are absolutely perfect specimens.
 
Her hips are what turn me on the most. She is so sexy with buns that simply cry out to be squeezed, and her flat tummy stretches down to her Mons which is a hill once climbed that leads me to wonderland on the other side.
 
Of course wonderland is her love box - The cave full of exquisite golden pleasure at the bottom of her Mound of Venus. She has outer lips that plump up if you pinch them gently. Her clit is inside a sheath that leads to a warm pink love canal that holds multiple pleasures as it swallows and massages my cock and tongue upon entry.

I love this woman in case you don't get my drift.

Cindy is going to Marie's for the weekend, and I will be left home as usual. They are lifelong friends, and they love each other so much they talk or text each day despite being 50 miles apart.

So Cindy takes the train and cab to Marie's condo, and I sit at home wishing they both were here, naked, and under my body.

Cindy and I had two enormous episodes of amazing sex before she left, and we talked extensively about having Marie here, striping her naked and making love to her in every way possible.

I think Marie is so beautiful, adult, and smart; she gives me a leaking cock every time I am with her. I have told Cindy that many times and suggested we work to get her to join us in our bed sometime.

Cindy promised me she was going to throw herself at Marie this visit, as she has wanted to do so many times, and make intimate love to her many times during the weekend. I know Cindy is clever, and will find a way.

Hearing the story as to how these women do fall into bed should be interesting, as Cindy has only one experience with a woman and I'll tell you about that in a moment. I doubt that Marie, the conservative intellectual has ever entertained a woman in her bed.

I also know Marie is starved for sex; she has been fallow for years. If anyone can get inside her pussy, Cindy can.

That of course begs the question, can I get inside her? I don't know, but we three are lovers of each other and if they become intimate, I will be invited eventually to join them.
 
YEA !!!!

So Cindy is away, I have the Z4 and it is Friday late afternoon. 
I call my pal Debbie, and she is dolled up and ready for some dinner as we planned.
 
Debbie and I have had sex in just about every venue that is allowed without being arrested. So tonight, she is cuming in my bed, and I want her badly with Cindy away.

I pick her up, she is dressed in a pants and blouse outfit that screams to be removed to reveal what is not so clearly displayed underneath. We drive out of town to a new place which is intimate and they don't know us.

We take a table in the back, sit side by each, and under the table we are playing with each other while on the surface it appears we are perusing the menu. Sort of like ducks in the water, peaceful above - mad paddling underneath.
 
I met Debbie about three years ago at a business event. We were in San Francisco and far from here which is our home town. I knew who she was before we met, and I fell for her charms immediately when we met, and she apparently for mine.

Deb and I spent all our free time together, but propriety kept me from taking her to bed; I love Cindy by the way. However once back in town, Debbie came for dinner one night, and Cindy and I sampled her together for the first time, and discovered wondrous things.

Each girl really enjoyed the other. Cindy hasn't had much experience with ladies in bed, and I had never bedded Debbie, so this was an eye opener in many ways.

Debbie was dressed in a cocktail outfit that left nothing to the imagination. We talked, drank some wine, and eventually on the couch began kissing and undressing the others.
 
I saw Debbie's breasts naked for the first time and immediately went to see if there was any milk available. Those nipples are so hard, and suck able, soon Cindy was licking and sucking them too.

I took the ladies to our bed, and Cindy and Deb were kissing and fondling the whole way to the bedroom.

I am in my boxers, Cindy has her bra and see-thru panties on. Debbie is down to her panties.

Deb and Cindy crawl up the bed and Debbie is following Cindy kissing her bottom cheeks, and beginning to pull her panties off. Cindy rolls to her back and lifts her hips, and whoosh the panties are in the air and Cindy's wet pussy in plain view.

I move over to kiss Cindy as Debbie slowly kisses her way up both legs to Cindy's treasures.

Debbie asks, "Have you ever had a woman lick your pussy before?"

Cindy shakes her head no. She lifts her hips and offers her pussy to Debbie's waiting lips and tongue.

Debbie kisses Cindy's Mons and licks down to her clit sheath which she takes in her mouth and licks and sucks. Cindy lifts off the bed in excitement.
 
Debbie is gentle and shows great talent licking pussy. Her tongue goes everywhere, her fingers find the g-spot quickly, and Cindy is climbing the orgasmic mountain as I kiss her and fondle her breasts with my tongue and lips.

Cindy is just in a trance and she climaxes in no time, enormously. Debbie slowly withdraws the active pussy attention as Cindy's clit and surfaces although drenched in liquids of all sorts, were very sensitive.

Debbie slides up to Cindy's face, and kisses her, and Cindy reaches for Debbie's love pouch. Her hand disappears into Deb's panties, and Cindy jolts up to attention. "My God, Harry! She is a he!"

Debbie is laughing and lifts her hips as Cindy removes her panties, to display a very nice medium sized cock at full attention and oozing a clear bead of liquid at the top.

Cindy is dumbfounded. "You are such a beautiful woman, I had no idea. And you make such soft and sensual love. You are like no man I have ever had."

Well I couldn't resist and put my hand on that pink and rose colored cock. It was throbbing and warm, and hard with that drop of pre-cum at the top. Debbie took the back of my head, and brought me to it, and she rubbed the fleshy cockhead on my lips.

"Here take me, lick me Harry." And I did.

I snaked out my tongue and touched the droplet and brought it to my taste buds. It was a little sweet and vicious. I then opened my mouth and as Debbie guided my head I slipped that beautiful cock into my mouth and in three minutes was treated to copious amount of warm milky sperm which I hungrily swallowed.

I had never sucked a cock or ever played with one that wasn't attached to my balls. It was fun and new and I had a ragingly hard cock at the end, which Cindy was now bringing to climax. Debbie slid down and as my cock spurt semen. The girls shared each pulse.
 
So that was our initiation into sex with a man who is one good-looking woman. We see Debbie periodically, and it is always a different experience.

So tonight Debbie and I are arousing each other, in preparation for later in bed, and we eventually order dinner and set to eating and drinking while feeling or rubbing cock as needed.

I looked around the dining room and found another couple whom I knew, but since I have made love to the woman in the past, no problem. She came to me for some help with her advertising projects, and we ended up settling some billing with a great just plain fucking, on my desk one night.
 
Debbie and I could be free here, i.e. kissing and the like, without fear of rumor mill stuff later.

Debbie asked where Cindy was, and she wanted to know all about Marie. We concentrated on conjuring a scheme where all four of us might hook up one day.

Debbie has always wanted to be in a foursome, and needless to say two pussies and two cocks intrigued me too.

Debbie and I took a drive, after eating, to the hills and found a discrete pullout overlooking the valley. We took the top down and were naked below the waist in no time. I rubbed her to a wild orgasm spilled on her tummy and she drained my balls with talented lips and tongue, while draped over the center console. We gasped, moaned, and came while the night air and stars above watched us and sprinkled happiness all around.
 
Damn these two-seaters, they are very sexy cars but with no facilities to fully enjoy the ambiance.
 
We giggled and talked about times we did similar things as teenagers. She told me once of actually having a guy, naked as she, plunging in an out of her butt while she was spread-eagle on the hood of the car, when a cop car slowly passed.

She and her date were too close to cuming to care, and as the cops watched, their bodies shook in deep orgasm and he filled her to overflowing with his milk of human kindness. Debbie's reaction was to shoot her sperm onto the car hood.

The cops turned on the flashing lights for a second, sort of like a round of applause, and then silently drove off. I wondered aloud if the cops knew she was a he, if they would have arrested the two?

As I continued to rub Debbie's warm cock, I told her of how I fucked a girl in a mountain stream, cold as ice, but sexy as hell. We were standing in the water, naked for the very first time, and she jumped into my arms, wrapped her legs around my hips, and pressed my cock into her love canal. We kissed and did the lovers dance, while three other couples were in the water right near us, kissing and feeling each other up.
When I brought her to climax she screamed in delight, and I grunted loudly as I filled her love cave with my hot sperm shot with gusto from a really hard and powerful cock.

We kissed, and received a round of applause.
 
Afterwards we decided a little discretion might be advisable in the future. But my date and I giggled when we agreed that fucking in public where the fans are all accepting of the ritual, was good, really good.

Debbie and I then, without clothes on our bottoms, drove to my house, and carrying our pants and underwear, walked boldly to the front door, and went inside. How naughty was that?

Debbie went upstairs and found one of Cindy's nighties and came down to share the couch with me in my altogether. She dipped right away and sucked my cock deep into her mouth. She licked, and sucked, and took me close to shooting down her throat.
 
Then she backed away, giggling. "I want your prick to be dribbling with pre-cum until we get in bed." She swiped the tip of my fleshy cockhead with her tongue and collected the drops that oozed there.

We each had a small glass of liqueur, and we sipped and kissed and felt all the sensitive parts of the other's bodies for quite some time. Every once in a while she took me into her throat again and made me suffer by not taking me to climax.

I did the same to her, by kissing her nipples, absolutely succulent by the way, and dipping my fingers to her cock often spreading her moisture up and down her shaft, until her hips were wriggling and I knew I should stop.

We were nasty to each other and we loved it, kissing the whole while.
She drops to the floor and pulls my knees apart. She kisses the inside of my thighs and says, "You shaved your legs for me?"

"I want you to have an unfettered roadway to my cock, and when you make me cum I don't want any leg hair to spoil the moment when I close my legs on your head, and spray milk into your mouth." She is right near my ball sack kissing the very inside of my leg.

She moves slightly and takes my balls into her mouth and with her tongue ever so slowly rolls both of them, with shining eyes looking into mine.
 
She releases them one at a time and kisses the base of my cock. She moans great pleasure as she catches a drip of the clear liquid oozing from my cockhead slit which is sliding down the very hard shaft.

She follows the drip line, and covers my prick's tip with her lips. Her cheeks indent as she sucks, and I moan my complete approval.

"You are so good to me Debbie." I say quietly to her.

"You taste so delicious; I could stay here sucking all night." Debbie is licking my cockhead and I am crazy now.

She lifts her head, smiles and kisses the very tip covered with a new dollop of clear liquid. It smears all over her lips, and she rises to kiss me.

I lick her lips first, savoring my own cock nectar, and then latch onto her with my lips and tongue, until we part for a only a moment, then go back and kiss again.

I am feeling her boobies now they have gotten to within reach. I roll her nipples one at a time, as I also knead the plumpness of each breast. She moans as I kiss her, and she presses her hardening nipples into my hands.
We each finish our liqueur, and with the heat of the drink in our throats, we embrace on the couch and kiss again.
 
"Sweetheart, we need to go upstairs before we drool any more on the couch."

She winces and says, "Only if you promise to fill me many times in that bed."

I smile and say, "With what, my darling?"

"Whatever you got, you goof ball." She is giddy.

We extinguish all light on the ground floor, and climb the carpeted stairs to the second floor. On the way, I stop her, have her sit on a step, and I slide my tongue along her shaft, to collect her nectar and make her feel teased.

She rises and we head to the bathroom for expulsion of bodily fluids.
She looks and me, "You sit and pee."

I do and she sits on me and pees through my legs at the same time. We wet each other like kids playing and being naughty.

"Now we have to shower," she says sadly. She moves closer to me and pees some more, wetting my pubic bone and cock with her warm almost hot urine.
"Sure do," I say.

I turn on the shower and we soap and rub and suds and poked every part of the other's body.

She covered herself with body wash and then hugged me and slid her torso up and down in a sexy dance. We held each other's cock and didn't let go.

Finally we went to the bedroom and poured ourselves into the sheets and pillows. We licked head to toe, and poked every orifice and we decided that anal stuff wasn't for us.
 
So she took my cock into her throat and with slow, deliberate, wet, and sensual movements she brought me to full attention. She put her lips on the underside of my cockhead, and licked that sensitive skin just there. She sucked and licked and she brought me to climax depositing a huge load of semen on my tummy.
 
She licked some up and shared it with me. I kissed her and she stuck her cum covered tongue into my mouth which I sucked clean. It was warm and delicious.

She then licked like a kitty and slurped my milky cum into her mouth and swallowed with great delight until I was clean and my cock was somewhat deflated.
Then I did the same with her cock. It is so smooth in my mouth, I keep the head on my tongue so I can feel its ridges and surfaces. Her opening is oozing pre-cum and suddenly I feel a sharp contraction of the shaft and her balls tightened in my hands, as the cock contracted and pulsed a large delicious dollop of sperm into my mouth.

She kept this up for three pulses and I had a full mouth of cock-cum. I slipped off her shaft and came to kiss her. She opened her mouth and I drooled some milky elixir onto her tongue.

She spread the liquid inside her mouth to savor the droplets, and then with a great smile, while about to kiss me, she swallowed my juice. I kissed her and gave her more, and she loved it all. We swallowed what we had and we held each other very closely.

I turn her over, and slipped my cock inside her perfect bottom cheeks, and held her breast with my left hand. My right arm was under her waist, and I cupped her Mons, hugging her while rolling her nipple.

She sighed and said, "Night".

I hissed, "Damned sleep ruins everything."

She wiggled her body sexily, and my cock began to grow.

I must have gone to sleep, because the nest thing I know it is light out, and she is sucking my cock. I wasn't sure whether she was awake or in a dream, but I let her do her thing quickly filling her mouth with whatever I had manufactured over the night.

I then did exactly the same for her, twisting both of her nipples at the same time, and she deposited her love sperm on my tongue deliciously.
We got up, naked and went into the kitchen to make coffee and play with each other. She sat in my lap, and my cock poked right up next to hers, and I stroked them both at the same time.

We were naked and having great sexual pleasure with each other. A month ago I wouldn't have thought all this possible. I never envisioned me, with a man, sucking his cock, kissing him on the lips, and enjoying it?
 
Perhaps it is the magnificent breasts and nipples made in America that makes it all possible.  Everyone knows that breasts were a stroke of genius when invented. Perhaps they are, what makes everything happen.
 
I'd like to think so.

We had coffee, fed each other cereal, and I sucked Debbie's nipples the whole while.

"Are you hoping for milk?" she asked with a smile.

"That would be icing on the cake, but the flavor, texture, and sexy nature of your nipples are enough to satisfy my thirst right now." I went back to kissing her flesh, and grabbed a nipple to suckle while she stroked my hair.

We got dressed and I took her home to her nest as she had chores and I had things to do. We kissed in the car and she left with a sexy wiggle as she walked up to her door.

My phone just then buzzed, so I looked at the text. It was from Cindy.
"Good morning hon, Marie and I licked pussy all night. I love her. She loves me. Oh God how wonderful."

I answered, "Debbie and I were busy, no anal, just oral wonders. All night and this morning."

Answer, "Marie wants you."

Answer, "I'll be there when you get back from shopping."

Answer, "I love you and so does Marie, Hurry"

This is going to be a Saturday to remember. Marie and Cindy undressed in the same bed. I am not sure my mind or body can survive.
 
I was there waiting when they parked the TT. Arm in arm we went up the elevator to Marie's condo. We sat on the couch, and recounted our last 12 hours sexual experiences in great detail. All the while, Marie and Cindy were holding hands, and looking goo goo eyes at each other.

We made love, slept, ate left over lasagna, made more love, fucked, and screwed in every way three people possibly could. It was amazing, mind boggling, exhausting, and on Sunday we came up for air long enough to go out for breakfast.

A forced break in the action was good. We didn't talk much, we were in public after all, but we spoke with our eyes hungrily wanting each other again, while we filled our tummies.

We got naked again on Marie's bed, and the girls attacked me, I didn't struggle much, and they began to lick my cock shaft from each side. First Marie would slide up the shaft and then take my cockhead into her mouth where her tongue ignited my inner self.

Then she slipped off and slid down the shaft licking and sucking the skin so gently, while Cindy came up and took my cockhead inside her mouth and licked and sucked the cockhead in her own astounding way. Then she slipped off, and Marie took over.

About six minutes of that was all my body could take, and I said, "Here I cum".

The girls each sucked a pulse of semen alternating and licking so extraordinarily I was about to faint. I could feel my balls empting and wish I had another ounce of sperm to give them so the feelings would continue.

They made sure not a drop of my sperm was wasted, and then came to kiss me, allowing me to savor my juices in their mouths with my tongue.

I recovered after a few minutes, and laid the girls on their backs, for my assault. They were giggling and I was licking nipples and breast flesh while basically in heaven. Yes this is really how heaven is - I am sure!
 
I then kneeled between them and one at a time I licked their clit, and filled the other's pussy with my fingers stroking the g-spot while my thumb rubbed softly across the hard clit under its sheath.

Then I alternated the process, rubbing g-spot, clit, on the other, and licking the clit and warm juicy vaginal haven of the other.

The girls were kissing and moaning all the while.

I wasn't able to get them both to climax at the same time, but as Cindy started, Marie helped as we sent her to the moon and back with a rocking orgasm that must have registered a 5.5 on the Cal-Tech seismic meters.

Then Cindy and I gave Marie a tremendous orgasm, with stimulus to every part of Marie that had not been excited in so long. She went to Jupiter, well beyond the moon, and she gasped with pleasure, squeezing my tongue with her vaginal contractions and giving me such wonderful juices and creams to savor as she slowly came back to life here on earth.

We lay on the bed, we touched each other, and we rested.

Marie propped up on one elbow and said, "We have climbed Everest, and she is ours now."

Cindy, looked at me and said, "Marie and I have now gone where we should have been all our lives. We are completely meshed into each other now we have unleashed this sexual part of our relationship."

I said, "You two have joined as soul-mates now. It is so beautiful to see. I can't believe you have waited this long to admit to how much you love each other."

I am so happy the ladies have finally made love to each other in a physical way. It is so beautiful to see, even better to experience.
 
Of course being a man, I love making love to them both.

So now you know the rest of the story of Cindy - My Bestie.
 
Debbie did join us once in bed. It was fun, but we found the quad isn't as wonderful as a trio, so it hasn't happened again.

Marie tells me she prefers Cindy's nipples and my cock, and that is good enough for me.

Debbie does visit Cindy and I still. Cindy loves to suck Debbie's nipples while having her pussy filled by a wholesome cock at the same time. I haven't quite figured all that out yet.

I on the other hand like Debbie's cock, Cindy's nipples and pussy, and Marie's warm breasts and deep vagina that cradles my cock and massages it so well.

I guess I am well rounded. Hummmmmm?

And that is the rest of the story!

The End.


If you loved the story, let me know. If you hated it, tell me why.

Other stories written by this author in Kristen's Directories 73 and 74.

(C) 2012 Copyright and written by: am101 : email: am101093@uid.onemain.com.

