I am a crossdresser and I'm in my late twenties now but still get carded for cigarettes. My build is not masculine at all, I'm not quite 5'5 inches tall and I weigh 130. I have below the shoulder chestnut brown hair with some lighter highlights which frames my young baby face soft features.
My body type is best described as slim with an amazing ass and long shapely legs. My legs I feel are my best feature however I've been told it's my bubble butt, not too big yet definitely hot.
Since my roommate moved out over several months ago I've been able to completely indulge in this lifestyle! And I'm enjoying life more everyday.
Today I awake in a beige silk nightie with white satin panties, my little penis tucked back and away and that feels so sexy as I move around.
I love to dress girly, showing lots of leg or a sexy silhouette showing off my nice figure. After I shower and shave the little bit of stubble on my legs I go through my closet for an outfit. I change often throughout the day. But today is a special day, my main squeeze will be by this morning. He comes to see me twice a month. His first visit this month was two weeks ago and it was so wonderful. I love pleasing him. He enjoys me dressing younger, sexy.
I look through my dresses but changed my mind. I see a black cotton mini skirt, it's thin and flirty. In my bedroom I find a cute grey striped crop top, it's off the shoulder and sexy, shows my flat belly.
First I slide my long legs into black thong panties, and tuck my clitty away, then I adhere breast forms to my chest. Then I pull on the mini skirt, it's so short my bum shows just enough to be slutty. I pull the top over my head and adjust it over my breasts. The sleeves are a little puffy, cute.
I do my makeup light, keep my long hair free as I brush it out. The final touch are plain white sneakers.
I look myself over in the mirror and I'm happy with how I look. My little penis stirs but I am not allowed to touch myself.
Blake's orders. That's his name. He's a tall man, very muscular. Bald and handsome with sparkling blue eyes. He speaks very little to me. He doesn't come to exchange pleasantries, he only comes for the pleasures. Then he leaves me an envelope and I don't see him again until he texts me.
Before my roommate moved out we met at hotels and never the same one twice in a month.
We met through a mutual friend that I rarely see anymore. The money part, well that started when I was almost evicted six months ago. It was one of the only real conversations I had had with him. He had paid my rent that month and had left plenty extra. He told me to get a wardrobe, shoes anything I wanted.
So every time we see each other, he leaves an envelope. So I don't have to work anymore which is perfectly fine with me.
My two bedroom house is on the edge of a horse farm. My landlord is so cool and I never see them as long as my rent is on time and there's nothing broken in the house.
When I see Blake's silver Range Rover pull into the driveway, I am immediately excited. I leave the front door open and stand by the kitchen island and await him.
He strides in confidently and purposeful looking around before closing the door behind him. He's dressed in tan khakis and a button down white shirt and blue tie.
A smile appears at one corner of his mouth as he looks me over and walks toward me.
There is no hello, no handshake. He stands before me and unzips his pants.
I put my hands on his big chest and slowly drop to my knees, our eyes locked. I wet my pouty lips and open my mouth as he takes his cut member out, even flaccid he's at least seven inches. He puts the head on my lips and I kiss it lovingly with my lips.
I can feel him begin to stir, I feel the blood rushing through his cock as he gets harder. I open my mouth inviting his shaft in inch by fat juicy inch. My tongue dancing around as I take half in. He's too big and too wide for to deep throat all at once I need to slowly work him in.
I moan in delight as I suck on him. I release him from my mouth and run my lips down on side of his veiny cock to his balls and take one in my mouth gently suckling it.
I take the other next as Blake moans. Then I glide my lips back up and once again begin sucking his cockhead. I work him deeper into my mouth feeling him in my throat. I work my head and mouth side to side taking him further down my throat.
"Ohhh shiiiit that's nice baby." He moans. I continue working on his cock for several minutes enjoying the fact I'm making him moan.
Then he lifts me to my feet and turns me around bending me over the island. He spreads my legs and lifts my skirt holding it with his hands on my hips.
I felt weak at the knees as he began kissing my inner thighs, my butt cheeks. He playfully bit one cheek and I squealed to his delight!
He moved my thong to the side and ran his tongue up my crack.
"Ohhhhhh..." I moan arching my back to greet his tongue.
He spread my cheeks and licked close to my hole. I felt my clitty begin to leak.
His tongue darted in and around my opening before he dove right in eating my ass causing me to scream out in ecstasy!
Then he stood behind me, kissed my neck tenderly as I pressed my eager boypussy against him.
I felt the head of his cock near my hole, "guide me baby." He whispered in my ear.
I spit into my hand and reached behind me wetting the tip of his meat. I guided the head to my opening and let him do the rest.
I stood higher on my tip toes, arched my back in anticipation of what was coming.
I felt the brief pain and pop as he pushed inside me.
"Mmmm..." I moan pushing back on his shaft as he slid deeper into my boypussy. He pushed in further, splitting me apart and literally lifting me off my feet.
I was impaled on his pole on loving it!!
"Damn baby your so tight." He says thrusting yet deeper inside me. He takes my hair and pulls me back. I contour my body and turn back to him and we kiss hungrily.
Our kiss breaks and he goes back to a nice rhythm sliding deep inside me then gliding almost all the way out, stopping right at the cock head before continuing.
I can feel the girth of his dick stretching me wide, I feel the veins that run along the side of his meat, maybe I'm imagining that but I he's so wide the walls of my boypussy feel him. I squeeze him when he's fully inside me and release as he pulls back.
I want him to stay there forever.
He has ahold of my hips and slaps my ass before he begins pounding me hard now!!
I begin gyrating my hips to accommodate his hard thrusts. My back arches and I grip the kitchen island for dear life.
I'm panting, breathing hard.
He's grunting and I know he's getting close.
"Explode in me Blake!! I want you to cum in me!!" I scream.
"You...know...what... I...want." He grunts between pounding me.
I know what he wants. I do. I never get what I truly want but that's okay. These moments of absolute lust are amazing and I will give him exactly what he wants.
I stop us both and push him back spinning I drop to my knees and open my mouth, my pouty lips await his orgasm.
He's jerking his big cock with one beefy paw, sweat running down his brow.
Here...here...ahhh!!" He explodes just then. A stream of his thick white creamy cum lands in my hair, my eyes. Then another on my cheek and lips. Then another and he lets his cock go.
"Finish me baby."
I engulf his cock with my mouth sucking the last of him out of his rock hard shaft. I had cum several times and again now, with his cum all over my face and his big meat in my mouth I came again!
I swallow what's left and lick him clean from base to tip. Then he stands back as I use my hand to clean off what I can from his first couple shots on my face and lick my fingers of his cum.
I'm smiling up at him and he smiled back at me. "That's a good little girl." He says nicely.
I'd like to say he and spent the day together making love over and over again but sadly, that didn't happen.
I got him a towel, helped him clean himself up and then with a kiss on my forehead he said as he always does, "Adrian, I'll see you soon."
And with that he left leaving an envelope on the kitchen island. He did that when I went into the bathroom for the towel.
I always feel empty when he leaves and as I showered afterwards I wished there was more.
A phone call later that day would change everything.