Waterslide Fun
byivysonline©

This seems like a wild story, but I assure you it happened to me just a few years ago.

After dinner one night, my then-boyfriend and I had gone to the local indoor wave-pool. It was mid-winter and a school night, so there were not too many people there. At least it wasn't packed with noisy kids like it always was on a weekend.

We'd been sexy-flirting whenever we could, first in the hot-tub, then a bit in the sauna when we briefly had it to ourselves. He was wearing the usual baggy trunks, which I could easily reach my hand up a leg and fondle him. It was fun to do that now and then when no-one was looking. Watching him try to hide his erection made me laugh.

I was wearing my favorite string bikini. It wasn't really a thong, but nonetheless it was quite revealing. Whenever he had a chance he would threaten to pull one of the tied strings. If he had done so, it would be tricky to get it done up again quickly. So when we could get away with it i would be reaching inside his shorts or he would be loosening my knots or squeezing whatever he could grab under my bikini. As a result we were both really turned on, and it was getting harder to be discreet.

We made our way up the stairs to the waterslide. There were several people in a noisy group in front of us, but no-one behind. Half way up we looked down and noticed that the lifeguard had put a chain across the stairs to close the slide before the wave pool started up.

The top of the waterslide extended above the roof in a tall, narrow structure. There was room up there for five or six people to wait their turn. But by the time we got to the top we had it to ourselves. So of course it was time for more fooling around.

I dropped to my knees and tugged down his waistband, releasing his rock hard cock. I proceeded to give him an inspired blowjob as I crept his shorts lower and lower.

I could feel him gently tugging and teasing on the knots holding my bikini top. But this time he really did pull the strings undone. And before I could stop him, he whipped my top right off .

He dangled my top over the rushing torrent of the waterslide and threatened to fling it in, where it would be spiralled away into the wave pool far below.

I said "No don't!", but he laughed and said "I totally will unless you give me your bottoms right now!" He added, "But if you give me your bottoms, completely untied, I won't drop either. Promise!"

Then he started to count down from ten.

By the time he got to three he held my entire swimsuit tightly in his hand.

Just then the pumps feeding the waterslide turned off. The lifeguard must have had us confused with the other group and thought we'd gone down already.

Now we knew that we had ten minutes completely to ourselves.

I got on my knees again, put his cock deep in my mouth, and pulled his shorts all the way down. He stepped out of them, so I put them under my knees as they were starting to hurt.

He had his hands, with my bikini, firmly on the back of my head as I churned away. I knew his rhythms well, and just before he was about to spurt I stood up and turned around.

I put both my arms wide across the opening of the big tube, leaning way forward like I was about to be frisked. He got behind me and sorta locked his legs between mine, such that I was pinned leaning forward, and couldn't stand up.

We fucked ferociously like that until I'd cum several times, trying desperately to be quiet as my head was inside the now calm echo-chamber of the slide.

I was riding the crest of a constant orgasm and had really just been moaning for several minutes when I felt his grip tighten around my hips. I started to tremble uncontrollably, and the water slide pumps loudly started up again just as he came in great gobs inside me.

The water came roaring out of the pipes. He was still pulsing deeply inside of me as he swiftly picked me up by the hips, releasing my arms to dangle helplessly in front. I was impaled, twitching on his cock, still whimpering and convulsing with orgasms as he lowered me naked into the rushing water of the slide and let me go.

The sudden shock and fear of being naked coupled with the twists and drops of the slide, caused my orgasm to grow even stronger. It was a long water slide. I was cumming hard all the way down until i was tossed, one hand over my pussy and one arm across my boobs, into the deep end of the pool.

I was still red in the face and panting as I tried to stay afloat- while trying to not look like a naked person orgasming in a public pool. It didn't seem like anyone had noticed my plunge, so I just bobbed in the water, waiting for my boyfriend.

After a nervous minute or two, I saw my bikini come flopping out into the pool, but still no sign of him.

I tried to put it on, but soon realized that he had tied the strings into a massive tangled knot. There was no way to undo the mess while treading water. So I drifted off to the shallow end and hid behind a couple of floaty toys to try and get my bikini back on.

By the time I'd gotten most of my bikini sorted out, he finally came down the slide and paddled over, grinning like a fool.

"Oooh man. I'll get you back next time!" I promised. And I'm a girl of my word.

