"Hey! Get you your hands off me! What are you... you... Oh god what is... what are you... Oooo. What. Happening? Ooohh! Good! So... Please oh god please! Don't... don't stop!" The girl pleads as she clutches my arm. With my fingers working their charms between her legs she has thrown her head back in deep carnal pleasure, everything else forgotten. I step a little closer and pull her face forward.
"Look at me!" I command. She has no defences against my domination or the pleasure and lust sapping the little will power she posses. Desperately she pulls me in tight, her other hand gropes for my breast as she kisses me. Her tongue snakes into my mouth and at the touch of my saliva, she orgasms intensely.
Kiss of the Succubus. She is mine forever.

Three hours earlier...
"Have I pleased my Mistress? I have tried so, to bring you the pleasure you deserve." And with a soft sigh, the last of my lovers passes away.
"Yes my love. You have more than pleased me." I whisper and hold his still muscular body in my arms until it turns to dust and drifts away on the gentle breeze as have all the others before him. With a sigh of my own, I stand and walk the now silent gardens. There is no one left but me. No one to tend the plants or the fish. No one to pleasure, or be pleasured by, me. It has been a very long time since I have been alone. It takes a minute before I realize just how much I hate it.
"Such a beautiful place is meant to be shared. I need new men to fuck." It takes another minute to realize that is likely what I said last time. With a sad smile I think of all the stables of men that have lived out their long glorious lives here with me.
I used to call them slaves, but really it is more of a... bargain between us. Yes, they may not have had a choice at the time, but really, have any of them ever complained? After all who would rally against centuries of life, never knowing sickness or old age. No crime. No murder. No long painful lingering death. Just sex, sex and more sex with me. And each other if so inclined. Who am I after all, to deny them their pleasure? All they need do is is a bit of work, and none of it is for me really. The ponds and gardens are for their food. I have no need of such things when orgasmic bliss is my sustenance. And believe me, orgasmic bliss I _know_ how to induce.
"I wonder if the Romans are still around? They were fun... a little obsessed with conquering the world perhaps, but fun none the less." It is too quiet, and I move along to my chambers.
Some of my belongings are so old, I'm amazed they still hold together. It has been such a long time since I was concerned with such things as clothes. Or coin. Or disguise. But in the realm of mortals, such petty things are required. Quickly I dress and make preparations for the portal. The last thing I do is cast a polymorph to hide my horns, wings and tail. I watch as my skin fades from the perfect shade of pink to that of a lightly tanned human. Only the most powerful of Magi or Clergy have ever pierced this spell. I hope I don't run into any.
The emptiness of this place is bearing down on me like a solid weight. When the portal finally opens, I step through quickly, least the silence drives me mad.
And into a world beyond my wildest dreams and nightmares. I'm standing in a trash blown... canyon... of stone and iron that turns sharply left twenty paces ahead of me. The very air stinks of alchemy and burning and the noise is almost deafening. Up I look and what I realize to be buildings are huge. The shorter of the two still has floors stacked higher than I thought possible. The other building reaches up as if to scratch the very sky! Behind me, a constant roar almost drowns out the sound of voices. I turn to look and the opening of this... alley, has a river of people walking past. And some kind of... I don't know... a carriage? that growl as they move without benefit of haulers or horses. A river seemingly without end. Hundreds. Thousands! All different colours and shapes and sizes. A dizzying array.
I also quickly realize that the way people dress has changed considerably. And not just changed in fashion, but how daring women clothing have become! Dresses that not only show their feet, but are above the knees! And in pants! Like a man! Just how long have I been away! Tight fitting, or loose, doublets that look strange to my eye. Thin cotton not quite blouses that hardly hide anything! I am shocked and delighted. And worried. Far too much attention will be drawn by my current garb. I will stand out like... like, like a succubus in a church! There is no way I can charm and seduce my way past that many people. Then I see across the road, a shop with _glass_. A huge glass... wall! Of a single piece! And it's so flat and clear! My mouth drops open a the sight of it. Never have I seen such an enormous perfectly formed... The last time I saw glass, only the Churches could afford it and only in tiny squares no bigger than my hand!
"Hey lady, can you spare some change?" a man's rough voice says breaking me out of my amazement. Sitting unnoticed in the trash is a skinny man, and while not to my normal taste, he will do as the first of my new stable. With a wicked little smile I approach, but it quickly withers as I take further stock of the wretched man. Unshaved. Unwashed. A noticeable tremor to his limbs. I slow then stop when I sense his sickness. Some... poison is consuming him and I recoil at the stench of it. And of him.
"Please lady, I... I just need a dollar." When he speaks, his teeth are black or missing causing me to shudder. Quickly I look over my shoulder, the river of people has not abated. Too many, there are just too many, I cannot go that way. I warily step past this soon to be dead man, as far across the alley from him as I can.
"Clothing," I say, "Where can I get clothing?"
"Please," he begs, "just a dollar. I,I need..."
"Clothes! Where can I get clothes?" I demand, jingling my coin purse. Eagerly he licks his lips and I don't bother hiding my disgust. He points down the alley even as his eyes never leave my purse.
"D, down the alley and, and turn right. A, a few stores down, you'll see. You'll see!" His twitching has increased with his excitement so I quickly toss him a coin, not even bothering to see if its silver or gold. All I want is to be away from this pathetic creature.
Around the corner the alley continues for fifty paces easily before opening up on a less busy street, although there are still dozens of people walking past in an almost continuous stream. This place, this... town unnerves me. Summoning my courage, I step out and walk amongst them but not for long. The view immediately grabs my attention and I stop dead in my tracks. The road before me stretches a mile at least and further. It is lined with buildings beyond imagining. And glass! Glass is everywhere, every building is fronted with it. Some are gleaming towers of nothing but glass! Dumbfounded, I stand gaping until I am bumped from behind.
"Scuse me. Oh, uh sorry, are you lost? I think the comic convention is over that way." says a well built man while he points using a strange thin box in his hand. Without even waiting for a response he turns away and holds the thing up to his ear, barely even making eye contact. I realize this is my chance and I quickly catch up. He is definitely my type and will make a fine start for the stable.
"I'm told there is a clothing shop near here, can you provide directions?" I say in my helpless maiden voice, designed specifically to catch the attention of gallant dashing men. He stops and gives me an incredulous look, as if I'm stupid or something.
"Seriously?" He says as he sweeps an arm at the buildings beside us. "Which one?" And I do feel stupid as at least four of the windows display clothing. "Although," he continues, checking me out, "With a body like that, I would recommend starting at Lacey's. And you should consider a new costume, that thing does nothing for you" He turns away shaking his head and not once did he look me in the eye. Again the thin little box goes back to his ear and he begins taking to himself as he walks away. The reflection in the incredibly smooth glass surface shows not just a dress and head piece several centuries out of date, but a woman clearly out of her depth. Chagrined, I look up at the signs only to realize none of them say Lacey's.
This is turning out to be a most tiresome day. And I'm getting hungry, it's been hours since I've gotten laid. I need to make a man orgasm and soon.
Very quickly I learn that people in this... massive town are very preoccupied and seemingly unhappy. Plus this strange little box is in almost at every hand I see. Up to the ear. Held in both hands capturing their eyes and mind. And everyone is talking to it. I'm beginning to wonder, is it some kind of witchery? To make matters worse, almost no one will look me in the eye! Many even go out of their way to avoid me. As if I'm a lunatic, or... or a plague carrier! Okay my tunic isn't helping, but really!
Frustrated, I just pick the closest shop and after a second of again marvelling at the glass, I push the door and enter. Glowing tubes in the ceiling light the large room. Clothing in both plain and bright colours are everywhere. Such a change from the dimly lit shops of my last visit, when the fear of starting a fire kept the number of candles burning to a minimum. Unfortunately the few males inside look a little too young for my... needs. I prefer men, not boys.
"Nice costume. Are you looking for anything in particular?" says a female voice. I turn to see a young blonde woman, pretty, in her early twenties perhaps. I'm tired of wasting time so I take direct action and look her right in the eye. Hitting her with a big push of willpower, compelling her to be more than a little helpful, she is almost physically pushed back and she sways a bit. Then I treat her to a dazzling smile.
"Yes, I need new clothes and you _will_ help me. Something more up to date and perhaps a little more _sexy_. Show me what you think would be best." Wide eyed she stands almost stunned by the power I blasted into her weak mind before blinking and taking a serious study of my body.
"Y, yes of course. Right this way." and she surprises me by grabbing my hand, leading me to a long aisle of tunics hanging from a low bar. Normally physical contact with my skin acts as a mild aphrodisiac on men, I have no idea what affect it may have on this woman. She looks me up and down and says, "Your size, is what... about a 6? No, a size...8..." and she pauses, staring at my tits until she shakes her head, biting her lip. "With that bust, definitely an 8."Again she takes my hand and leads me along a little further and starts holding up various blouses to my chest. Some go back to hanging, some she drapes over her arm. Down another aisle along she selects skirts. Then against the wall she pulls several pants from shelves. Again, taking my hand she pulls me towards the back of the shop. I can't help but notice she keeps looking at me from the corner of her eyes while biting her lower lip.
"Here's the change room, try one set then model for me." The thought of having to change clothes inside a tiny booth seems odd to me but the look in her eye tells me it likely for the best. After all I haven't seen anyone else stripping down out here. So I enter and try on a lovely blue silky blouse with a grey pants. I have never worn pants before, being the clothing for men in my time, and while they are a bit tight, they feel wonderful. I step out and my little helper eyes me quite thoroughly while playing with her hair.
"N, nice. Okay now another one." She's biting her lip again. _Strange girl_. Back inside and change into a green strapy thing that takes a minute to figure out and a short skirt that is _way_ above my knees! I feel absolutely scandalous and I love it. I step out and the woman is all hands, adjusting the straps of my top. If I didn't know better, I would say she is almost caressing my shoulders. Then her hands are on my waist, turning me this way and that. Then a hand definitely caresses my bare shoulder as she sweeps some of my hair back into place. She places her hand on my arm and I not entirely certain, but it looks as if she kind of squirms. Looking me in eye she says,
"You really have a nice figure. And a great ass... uh legs, great legs," and she blushes. "I think stockings... would , uh, really show... them..." And her eyes unfocus for a second while she sways a bit. She shakes herself, plays with her hair while still checking me out. I'm not sure how to read women but I'm starting to think she is, either intoxicated or, well, horny. She takes a quick look around then her hands are on my hips as she guides me backward and steps into the tiny booth with me. With her being so close I clearly see how large her pupils have become. And how hard her nipples are.
' _Uh oh!_ ' barely has time to go through my head when her hands snake around pulling me tight against her. Then she is kissing me and shocked, I gasp! The instant my mouth opens, her tongue invades and the girl almost convulses with an incredibly intense orgasm.
So, as a Succubus, I don't deal with women often. Usually, I avoid them since they generally... _dislike_ me as I steal their potential mates or husbands, who, of course, are enslaved to be my lovers to the end of their glorious sex filled days. I guess I don't blame them?
Now, skin to skin contact with a Succubus generates a mild tingling sensation that runs through a man's brain then straight to his crotch. The sexual fluids of a Succubus are a potent aphrodisiac few can resist. The kiss of a Succubus on skin, is even more potent and no one has ever been able to resist that for long. Kissing a Succubus on the lips generally warps a man to never being able to refuse me anything. Ever. And a tongue in the mouth? Well that is an almost instant and permanent enslavement that gives . Now it's not so much that they can't refuse me, its they can't even consider the possibility. Many would say sexual enslavement, but it's more than that. It's like a re-writing of the man's sexual preferences and drive. Sex with me is basically all they want and are willing to do what ever I say to get it. And a happy to do it. It gives them pleasure to pleasure me. Some men, to my delight (and lustful feeding), orgasm on their fist kiss with me.
Now I can say I have never gone out of my way to even flirt with a woman, let alone seduce one. I can definitely say I have never even touched a woman before. I certainly have never kissed one. And the thought of enslaving one! Repellent!
It could be that I haven't gotten laid in several hours (all day on this mortal realm) and am currently rather famished. It could be the shock of the effect I've unwittingly induced in this oh so horny woman. Perhaps the suddenness of her... passion. It could be all that, but ... well, the instant she orgasms, I am so horny that, well, I can't help it and begin to feed. And by all the Gods that have come and gone, her orgasm is beyond delicious. The flavor! The vibrant frequency of her psychic orgasmic energy! The sheer amount of energy she releases! I actually orgasm with her! I'm not sure which of us can't let go but we continue to kiss and she orgasms again! Within seconds!
Our passionate kiss breaks when her rubbery legs fail her and she falls to her knees in front of me. I'm so overwhelm I can say nothing, still revealing in her supercharged and delicious psychic energy. This woman who has unwittingly enslaved herself to me is still shaking when she looks up at me.
"That... I... What...?" she babbles then suddenly, "Oh. Your not wearing any panties." she states matter of factly and promptly buries her face between my legs!
"Oh!" I gasp, then as she lustily tongues my sex, "What... oohhh, ooo... are, y ,you..." I can't finish as her tongue is skillfuly driving me wild. I've had a lot of sex. I've probably had a thousand lovers during my centuries of life. Never and I mean _never_ have I had a man do as well as this woman who's name I don't even know is doing to me. By the Gods, who is enslaving who here! Already she is bring me to the edge again!
There comes a tapping at the door and my enslaved lover doesn't slow down or even hesitate when a woman's voice asks,
"Uhm, is everything okay in there?"
"Ah, ah yes... I, ah, I just need a minute, thanks." I can hardly find my voice. Reluctantly I push her face from between my legs while whispering, "Stand up and make yourself presentable!" Quickly she is on her feet straightening not just her clothes but mine too. She has that look I have seen a thousand times. Love. Adoration. _Lust_. "I, I need to think. And we need to talk. I need a place..."
"Mine!" she blurts out eagerly then quieter she continues, "We can go to my place, and , and, uhm you... we, can, uhm, you know..." As slowly a rather wanton look steals across her face with a wicked smile. Yes, I know exactly what she want me to do. To her. And by all the Gods, I want to as well.
"These clothes, they look good on me? Make me look sexy?" I know she cannot lie. "And what do you use for coin?"
Yes, Mis... Mistress you look good. And, and I can pay for them. I get a discount, as an employee." she takes a shuddering breath. "We can get you other clothing at a better store. Make you look even more sexy."
"Very well. Lead the way out and let us go to your home." She smiles in delight, shudders when she passionately kisses me again, then slowly opens the door and looks about. She motions for me to join her, then quickly steps back in to collect all the clothes strewn about the little booth. Quickly she pays and gives some lame excuse to the woman who appears to own the shop. I can tell the older woman is not fooled and is casting me dagger looks.
As this lovely young woman drags me out the door I realize two things. I am no longer hungry for a man's orgasm. At all.
And I don't even know this woman's name.