Hina's ENF Stories
by anonenffan

Chapter 6. Hina at the Hotel Hot Tub

Hina stepped out with a happy look on her face. She was on vacation from her day to day living, and had decided to take a trip to nice upscale resort in a far away state. The girl was free to travel as she wished, and she’d decided to do some sightseeing on this vacation. But even a vacation can be tiring, which is why she decided to take advantage of the hotel’s pool.

The sun was shining vibrantly, lighting up her skin, and the air was warm. It made the shimmering water look all the more inviting. Hina had noticed several people around the outdoor pool, but she didn’t pay them much mind.

As Hina set her towel and room key aside on a tanning chair, she ran her hands up the sides of her hair to pull it back into a tail, exposing more of the bright blue swimsuit that so perfectly complemented her peachy skin. She thought about soaking up some rays to work on her tan but then decided the pool looked more fun.

Hina smiled, took a few steps forward, and dipped her toes into the water. It was cool to the touch, feeling pleasant compared to the warm air. She took a quick glance around the pool area, slowly climbed down, and slid into the water.

As she sank beneath the surface, she felt the cool refreshing water completely envelop her body. She soon resurfaced, feeling invigorated.

“Ahh…” came the happy sigh from the brunette. She floated backwards, closing her eyes with a pleased smile on her face. It was just the vacation she needed. A peaceful moment in the water, letting all thought drift out of her mind.

She began to kick her feet underwater, slowly moving around the pool, swimming about for a little bit of exercise, but taking care not to cause a lot of splashing. Hina glided through the water with relative ease.

Beneath the shimmering waters, her bright blue bikini was easily visible, its vibrant color contrasting with her skin. Hina had taken care to select one that she could slip into, the sort that would reliably hug tightly to her body. She didn’t trust any feeble knots to protect her modesty. It was a full cut, far from the skimpiest sort, yet she felt the suit was still quite fashionable, its snug fit displaying her curves while it fully covered them.

She took a deep breath and dove underneath, easily gliding through the water, synchronizing the motions of her arms and legs to move through the pool. Hina had always wondered if she could have swum at a competitive level if she’d tried; she always thought she was a good swimmer.

When Hina resurfaced, she let out her breath and happily tread water. There was no doubt about it: this was the rest she needed. It stretched her muscles after a long car ride, and she didn’t have to think about the things her friends talked about. Not that she didn’t care for them; Hina was happy to bring them along, but it was nice to have her mind be completely at peace, if only for a moment.

Floating on her back, she closed her eyes for a time, the bright sky shining through their lids. On opening them, she noticed a high dive beside the pool. The brunette rotated in place with a twisting kick of her legs until she was facing the board, observing that nobody was using it, nor did anyone seem interested in doing so.

Her mind wandered back to any potential athleticism she had. She knew any seriously competitive sport would have called for a lot of training, and diving was a wholly different skill from swimming. Still, the thought of it seemed fun. Maybe just a dive or two. What could it hurt?

Hina climbed out of the pool and made her way towards the ladder. Without much thought, Hina gripped the handrails and began to climb up, her wet feet slapping against each step of the ladder, bringing her higher and higher.

That was when Hina realized something: there were actually more people at the pool than she thought. And her two-piece swimsuit, while being a bit more modest than the average suit, still showed quite a bit of her body. Functionally, it was little more than underwear that one could swim in. In fact, she had underwear that did cover more than this suit!

A blush appeared across her face as she climbed higher and higher. Hina shook her head, trying to convince herself she wasn’t really exposing anything she shouldn’t. In fact, some of the other girls there were in more revealing swimwear than what she had on. She was fine.

Hina hadn’t done a good job of convincing herself of this, though. Sure, her breasts were held in place, and the essentials were more than adequately covered, but soon she was now stuck thinking of her swimsuit more like underwear. Her smooth belly was exposed. Her legs were entirely on show. And if someone looked up from the right angle, someone might be able to see the outline of her…

“No!” Hina shook her head. “Don’t think that,” she thought to herself. Thinking that way only got her into trouble. Hina thought about backing down from the high dive, but she was already more than halfway up the ladder. She decided to commit to the dive.

When Hina reached the top, she felt a little intimidated. When she first thought about doing the dive, she had given no thoughts about how high up she would be. She wasn’t afraid of heights, at least not normally. But being up on the high dive meant people were looking expectantly in her direction.

Hina looked around more and more. If someone wasn’t face down tanning, they were looking up at her. All of those eyes were directed upward, looking at her. They were seeing how much of her body she was showing. Maybe even imagining what she would look like without her swimsuit.

On impulse, Hina let a hand move to a covering position between her legs, and she blushed a little deeper. Then she shook her head. “They’re just watching you dive… They’re just watching you dive. You’re fine,” she thought, trying to hype herself up.

A determined look appeared on Hina’s face as she looked forward. She forced herself to pull her hand away, then looked at the long diving board in front of her. Hina took a deep breath and mentally prepared herself for the jump. She remembered watching professional divers do their jumps on television: they would always try to hit the water feet or hands first, straight in. There had to be a reason for that, probably to lessen the risk of getting hurt in the dive.

With that caution in mind, Hina gulped, gathered her courage, and began to move quickly down the diving board. The diving board bent under her weight, her pounding steps vibrating it until it flung her upwards!

Hina let out a scream as she did a full flip through the air, immediately forgetting her plan as she was airborne, flailing her arms and legs about. As her momentum shifted, she started to remember her plan and tried to bring her legs together to aim her feet downwards.

She hit the water feet first without incident, easily sliding deep into the water. Hina wouldn’t have scored a lot of points, but as the water rushed around her body, she thought about how great it was to be back under the water’s cover.

All around Hina’s body, the pressure increased as her momentum carried her deeper into the water. It crushed in upon her and made it more difficult to move. To add to her troubles, her arms were held upwards, and something was restricting their movement. She was holding her breath as best she could, but the brunette was going to have to resurface soon. Hina struggled, flailing her arms about, pushing at whatever was holding them together, and before long, they were free!

With her arms able to move again, Hina quickly swam back up. When she resurfaced, she gasped and began to tread water. Her heart was racing, and the sound of adrenaline moving through her veins was partially masking the sound around her. As she calmed, the sounds clarified until she identified them as laughs, claps, and even a few cheers.

With a sweep of her arms, she rotated in place, scanning the faces of the other people at the pool, who were now cheering her efforts. Hina smiled, feeling a blush return to her face, and turned her attention back towards herself. The brunette let out a quiet sigh, proud that she saw the challenge through.

Hina was considering maybe diving a second time, but something felt…different about how she was floating. It was as if her top half felt more free. And that was because it was. She looked down and soon realized that she was completely topless!

With that realization upon her, Hina quickly wrapped her arms around her breasts, feeling her face turn red. Somehow she had lost the top half of her swimsuit during the dive! Now she was showing a lot more skin. She could only hope those who were laughing at her were only laughing at the technical quality of her dive, rather than the unintended result of it!

Hina slowly glanced around at some of the other people at the pool. Nobody seemed to be paying her much attention anymore. Were they truly more interested in her dive and nothing else? That was all Hina could ask for.

“W-where is…” Hina glanced around at the water, trying to spot her top. Although the bright blue color created a clear contrast from her skin, it seemed almost invisible in the water. As Hina’s worry grew, she finally spotted something near the bottom of the pool.

It was her top. It had to be. And Hina needed to get it back. She took a deep breath, bent almost in half, and dove, doing her best to swim downwards in a desperate effort to reach the other half of her swimsuit. Hina could tell that it was sitting on the very floor of the pool. Hina kicked downwards with all her might, but felt she had to resurface for air.

The topless girl made her way back up, briefly rocketing upwards out of the water before coming back down. Hina quickly wrapped her arms around her naked breasts again, frantically looking around. She briefly felt the air on her breasts. There was a chance someone might have seen them rise out of the water, which made her tighten her grip further.

Not wanting to spend a lot of time like this, Hina quickly decided to try reaching the swimsuit top again. With another deep breath, she dove downward, kicking hard, pulling herself further and further down into the water. The further down she went, the more her natural buoyancy pushed her up. Hina couldn’t even get halfway down before being forced to resurface.

Hina returned to the top of the water, again covering herself with a worried look on her face. For now, she had lucked out, her predicament not yet noticed by all of the people at the pool. However, Hina did notice one man lower his sunglasses down his nose, looking in Hina’s direction.

Upon noticing this, Hina turned away, her face feeling even redder, if that were even possible. Did that guy know she was topless? She didn’t want to think about it. What Hina did know is that her top was out of reach, and continuing to dive underwater like that wasn’t going to get her top half covered again.

She looked down helplessly at where the top was. It was like an invisible barrier was separating her from her cover. Hina could push and fight to get it, but would ultimately be brought back upwards. Somehow, Hina needed to get deeper to reach the top, but just how would she do that?

Hina spun in place again until she was gazing back up at the diving board. The very thing that got her in this mess. She remembered going a lot deeper in the water when she did the dive. Maybe that was the key to reaching her swimsuit top.

No… That was a stupid idea. Hina had gotten very nervous just climbing the thing scantily yet modestly clad. And she’d drawn so much attention that she still held the interest of at least one guy for sure. How was she going to do this topless?

There had to be a better way to get deep enough to get her top back. However, she couldn’t just swim down; that was proven to be ineffective. Diving from the diving board would guarantee her exposure. Hina kept looking, then saw her chance.

The ladder to climb in and out of the pool ran deep into the pool, almost to the bottom. If Hina pulled herself downward using the ladder, she could pull against her buoyancy and reach her top! She swam towards the ladder and studied it. From what Hina could tell, it went down far enough. It was her best chance.

Hina cast a glance around the pool, and nobody seemed to be looking in the direction of her topless body. She took a deep breath, put her hands on the ladder, and began to pull herself downwards. Soon she was underwater, pulling herself further and further down.

Soon, Hina felt the pressure of the water all around her body. It didn’t take long before she was past the point that buoyancy would force her back to the surface. She was almost there, but Hina closed her eyes tight and put her hands over her mouth. She couldn’t hold her breath much longer. Her legs held her in place on the ladder as her progress halted once again.

It was no good; Hina had to resurface. She turned upwards and tried to pull herself away from the ladder to simply swim upwards, but she was stuck. There was resistance around her hips. This was bad: she didn’t want a lifeguard diving in after her in her topless state. Hina pulled and kicked with all her might. She *had* to get free.

Hina suddenly slid forward, feeling freedom return. Without wasting another second, she rapidly swam towards the surface.

With another splash, Hina resurfaced and gasped for breath. Her arms found their way back over her breasts. There was just no easy way to get her top back. As Hina’s blush grew, she was starting to think that a streak to her towel was going to be the best plan.

She stared helplessly down through the rippling water’s surface at the bright blue fabric. However, something was odd: there was another bit of bright blue fabric floating down towards the first one, nestling now gently beside it.

Hina hesitated, and her eyes slowly widened with realization. Both her bikini top and bottom were now lying upon the tiled pool floor!

She looked down at her own body to confirm her suspicions, then ran her hands up and down to be certain.

She was naked. Completely naked. Her bright blue swimsuit was no longer contrasting with her skin, being entirely separated from it. She had not a stitch of cover.

Hina’s heart was racing. She tread water with her feet as she covered her breasts and pelvic region. She was skinny-dipping in a hotel pool! She spun her head frantically, trying to see if anyone was looking at her. All Hina could do now was swim further and further away from the others.

Unfortunately for Hina, this act put her further and further from the chair where she left her towel. If she got out and ran for it, she would be seen. The very thought of being seen like this sent a shiver up her spine.

Suddenly, her relaxing vacation was a tense, embarrassing experience. Hina was completely naked, far from easy cover. To make matters worse, the pool water was not doing a good job of covering her. It was completely clear, and Hina could easily tell that she had no cover at all.

This made her very apprehensive. If someone looked in her direction, they would be able to tell. She knew it. The pool wasn’t hiding her… She needed something better.

Someone was walking towards the high dive, and everyone else was glancing in his direction. That was good. That distraction would buy Hina a little time to move, but what would she do with it?

Trying for her towel wasn’t going to work. She would still have to go near other people, there’d be no way to hide her nudity. Running directly back into the hotel would be even worse.

With the diver near the top of the ladder, Hina spotted her best possible hiding spot. There was a hot tub nearby, and nobody was currently using it. It was Hina’s only chance. She glanced up at the diving board, seeing the diver getting ready.

Hina took a deep breath, and put her hands on the edge of the pool, preparing to make her move. All eyes were on the diver as he started his jump. Hina pulled herself up and out of the pool. For the first time, her completely naked skin touched the air above the water. Wasting no time, she moved rapidly towards the hot tub.

A splash rang in Hina’s ears. She had seconds left! The naked girl continued quickly towards the hot tub, and carefully yet quickly climbed in.

The water was much warmer than that of the pool as Hina lowered herself in. She kept her arms around her nakedness, keeping low. Her vigilant eyes glanced around at everyone at the pool, and much to her relief, nobody was looking her way. They were applauding the diver.

She sighed with relief and settled a little deeper into the hot tub. However, the shallow still water did an even worse job of hiding her. She looked around and saw a knob in arm’s reach. Hina smiled, having discovered the way to turn all the jets on; the bubbles would help enormously. The better her cover was, the easier it would be to think. The naked girl took the dial and cranked it to its highest setting.

Immediately, the water began to feel hotter, and a suffusion of bubbles erupted around her bareness. Jets began applying pressure, targeting the various joints and muscles all over Hina’s unclothed body. She gasped for a moment, not expecting the hot tub to feel quite that good.

She was careful to keep most of her body below the bubbling surface, only the tops of her shoulders visible above it. The warm water embraced her unclad form.

Hina didn’t plan on staying in the hot tub for long. She needed to come up with another plan to get to her own towel and make her way back to her room.

That goal began to recede, gently tugged away from her mind by the soothing jets, working their hardest to bring anyone in the hot tub to maximum comfort. The jets caressed strategically over Hina’s shoulders, back, and legs, exploring new places as she sunk lower and lower beneath the bubbles’ concealment.

A sudden sensation made Hina gasp and pull back, nearly bringing her breasts back out of the water! The epicenter of her startling feelings had come from between her legs. Hina was unable to see underneath the bubbles, so she let her hand feel around. Sure enough, a jet was aimed right between her legs!

The hot tub jets continued to try and soothe away any tension the naked girl was experiencing. Noticing that her breasts were nearly exposed again, Hina tried to sink back beneath the surface, but this brought her womanhood directly into the jet’s line of fire.

Hina could feel her pulse pick up, and she began to press her legs together to shield herself. It felt good, but this was not the time to be doing anything like this. A limp arm found its way over her chest as she glanced at the people over by the pool. Thankfully, none of them were looking her way to see her embarrassing display. Instead, the diver from earlier was making his way back up the ladder for another dive.

The diver also attracted Hina’s attention, distracting the disrobed damsel, who allowed her legs to spread apart, the streams of hot pressure continuing in their mission to turn a worried naked girl into a relaxed naked girl. Her attention returned to the sensations in her core, the ones closing her eyes and causing her body to shudder.

There was no denying it: this hot tub was amazing, and if nobody else was at the pool area, Hina would have gladly spread her legs further. She couldn’t risk anybody noticing her doing this though. Accidentally losing her swimsuit was one thing, but doing…this…with a hot tub jet was going to be much, much more difficult to explain.

However, Hina’s will to remain hidden, while strong, was eroding, overpowered by the pleasant tingling feeling growing inside her body. The pleasuring jet palliated her worries, plunging her deeper into the bonds of passion. She bit her lip, trying to keep her legs together, then looked up.

The diver was still distracting everyone at the pool with his more refined, professional dives. She could let the jets do their thing while nobody was looking. It was crazy…but it sounded fun. Just a little. Hina watched intently as the diver made his way down the board. She returned her attention to the hot tub and spread her legs the rest of the way as the diver erupted forward from the tip of the vibrating board.

With nothing blocking it, the pressure of the jet pressed and pleasured her womanhood. Hina closed her eyes and curled her toes, and she placed an arm over her chest; not to cover herself, but to send a caressing hand between her breasts, perchance later to rise higher if needed, to prevent a moan’s escape.

“Ohh…” Hina silently moaned. It felt too good. Her knees shook as she struggled, wanting both to cover herself and also to enjoy the feeling. The naked girl wasn’t aware of it, but her nipples had emerged from the feeble cover of the bubbles at the surface of the warm frothy water, pointing up to the sky.

She looked up, and saw the diver climbing up. Was he on his way up again? Did he already dive? Hina was so lost in her pleasures already she wasn’t even sure. She couldn’t believe she was so worked up in the hot tub already.

Thoughts of getting out of her situation were taking a back seat in her mind. Her quickly building lust was taking control, preventing her legs from closing. The delicate lips below Hina’s waist were burning with pleasure, almost feeling hotter than the water.

“Nhh…” Hina quietly hummed, biting her lip. She could feel it, she wasn’t going to last very long. “Ooohh…” She moaned a little louder, taking in deeper breaths. Hina opened one eye and saw the diver climbing up the ladder again. She closed her eyes and focused on the pleasure glowing throughout her body.

To anyone walking by, Hina was a girl simply enjoying the many bubbles of the hot tub. The bubbles were just thick enough to cover the fact that she was naked. Anyone who walked by would merely assume she was in some risqué swimwear. Little did they know that the only swimwear she had was at the bottom of the pool.

Hina took deeper breaths. It was coming. It was coming, and she couldn’t stop it. She gripped the sides of the hot tub and tried to keep her legs apart against their clenching, near to spasming.

“Ah…ah… oooh…” Hina let out one more loud moan, nearly a scream as she bucked her hips lewdly under the water. Her body shook as the orgasm exploded through her body. The naked girl’s moans grew a little louder as her body convulsed in the hot tub. A wonderful, warm, glowing feeling flooded her body as a smile appeared on her face.

Her breathing remained quick and deep as she tried to scoot over to the side, keeping the jets off of her delicate over-sensitized folds. She did her best to steady her breathing and look around casually, her blush quickly growing brighter as she realized what she had done, that she had made a lot of noise.

The other people at the pool seemed to be laughing, much like when Hina botched her dive by flailing on the way down. The diver resurfaced, and he also seemed to be in high spirits. Perhaps he’d just slipped. Hina could only hope that her moans didn’t distract him.

Now she just needed to find a way to reach her towel unseen. But how would she do that when she was even further from the towel?

“Are you sure she’s here?” asked a familiar voice.

“She did say she was going for a swim. If she’s not here, she’s at the beach,” said another voice, also familiar.

Hina turned her head and saw a dark haired girl and a blonde. They were Kim and Stacy, her two best friends, looking for her! She was a little hesitant to expose herself to them, but the brunette thought it was better them than anyone else.

“H-hey!” Hina called out with a smile on her face, careful to stay low.

“Oh, there she is! Hi, Hina!” said Kim as both girls approached the hot tub.

“We were looking for you, thinking about getting some dinner,” Stacy said. “Wanna join us?”

Hina glanced around the pool. She saw her towel on the chair over by the other people at the pool, her face still vibrantly aglow.

“Um, sure! I could use a bite to eat,” Hina admitted with a bashful smile. She then turned to her other friend and asked, “Hey um, Kim? Do you mind grabbing my towel for me? It’s over there.”

Kim nodded. “Yeah sure, just a sec.”

As Kim walked away, Stacy had a look of suspicion on her face, one mixed with a very slight grin. “Say, why couldn’t you go get it yourself, huh? Are you nervous about something?”

Hina gulped. Stacy was the only one to have ever seen her naked recently, and it happened more than once. “I-I don’t know what you could be talking about.”

Stacy smirked. “Oh, then I don’t suppose you’d mind if I backed off the bubbles?” She reached down for the knob.

“S-Stacy, wait, don’t!” Hina grabbed her wrist, briefly lifting her breasts out of the water as her face turned bright red.

“Oh… I see what’s going on,” Stacy said with a wink. “I wasn’t sure what happened the day I sold you your car, or the first week you let me live at your house, but now I think I’m starting to get the idea.”

“S-Stacy, it’s not what you think…” Hina glanced behind her and saw Kim on her way back, towel and room key in hand.

Stacy giggled, “I think a little chat is in order when we get back to our room.”

Kim returned, “Okay Hina, got your stuff,” she said pleasantly.

“Thanks Kim,” Hina said, quickly climbing out of the hot tub and snatching the towel from Kim. For that brief moment, she was completely naked in front of both of her best friends. Stacy fought back a giggle while Kim raised an eyebrow as Hina wrapped the towel around herself.

“Umm… Hina… Why were you…you know…naked?” the dark haired girl asked.

Hina held the towel tightly around her naked form. “Can I explain when we get back to the room, please?”

“Oh no, I think you owe Kim some answers right away,” Stacy giggled, adding to Hina’s embarrassment.

Kim glanced between the two and leaned her head inward as if to whisper. “We should go back to the room. There are eyes everywhere.”

“Oh Kim, forget the conspiracy stuff for one second. I think Hina deserves a little teasing.” Stacy giggled.

“What conspiracy stuff?” Kim raised an eyebrow. “There’s security cameras in this hotel. If they think Hina’s streaking, she’ll get kicked out, and need I remind you she’s the one paying the bill so we can stay here?”

Stacy looked conflicted, but then sighed. “I guess you’re right…”

Hina smiled. For once, Kim was saying things that made sense. “Thanks Kim, we should head back…”

“We’ll get back to the room, and *then* we’ll talk about your skinny-dipping.” Kim said with a firm nod.

Hina’s smile disappeared quickly. She began to think they weren’t going to be so quick to get dinner now.
 