Rose - Trip to the Country
Mon Jul 23, 2007 15:3670.105.50.188

Hi, it's me Rose again, David suggested , no make that told me that he wanted 
me to tell you about a trip we made to the country after we got married.

David knows that I enjoy being a little wild and off beat at times and he 
knows that I'm a exhibitionist at heart and love to be made to be naked in 
places that I shouldn't be naked at. David decide that we would take a little 
trip and he would put me through some small and some not so small task, just 
for the fun of it. As I knelt at his feet naked in the living room of our 
house he told me to pack a bag for a short trip and reminded me that I would 
still be under the same rules that I was at home, no clothes in the house , no 
underwear period and that when sitting on anything my bare ass must be 
touching it and my legs open shoulder width.

The day we left home he had me dress in a tennis skirt, no panties and a 
peasant blouse that was way off my shoulders, and told me to wear heels. Once 
in the car and on the road he told me to remove the blouse and sit up 
straight, I knew he was intent on showing off my bare breast as we drove to 
where ever we were going, and I knew that my tennis skirt did nothing to hide 
the fact that I had nothing on under it either. The trucker's we past and the 
ones who past us had a birds eye view of me sitting in the car practically 
naked and David made sure that most of them got a good look.

The first couple of hours I spent wondering where we we going then what was 
going to happen when we got there, that's when David spoke up saying that we 
would be stopping soon for some afternoon fun. A bit later he pulled off the 
interstate and we headed down a country road coming upon a small town I had 
never heard of and soon he pulled into the parking lot of a small run down bar 
and strip club. I looked around and noticed that several cars where there 
already and wondered why we were stopping here. David got out and opened my 
door telling me to fix my top and follow him.

When we walked inside it was dark and the music was loud and as I looked 
around I saw a woman on stage dancing in almost nothing and thought to my self 
that's probably going to be me soon. David led me to the bar where he ordered 
drinks for the both of us. Then he pulled out a high stool for me to sit on 
and I knew that sitting on it I was going to be exposed to everyone who looked 
my way and I knew that most of the people there were already looking at us. 
When I sat down David watched to make sure my bare ass was on the stool and my 
legs were opened the right width, I blushed as I knew my pussy was fully 
exposed and was standing wide open. I felt my nipples getting hard and knew 
that before long I was going to be the center of attention. The bartender was 
talking to David when I noticed the woman on stage was finishing up and 
getting down from the stage. David spoke to me in his all to self confident 
voice and ask if I wanted to get up there and dance? Weakly I told him that if 
he wanted and if the owner would let me that yes I would love to. David then 
told me that he had already cleared it with the owner and for me to take the 
stage. Timidly I made my way to the stage and got up just as the music started 
playing again. I knew David wanted me to strip for these men and there was 
nothing that I wouldn't do for him. The first thing that went was my top and 
the small crowd of men hooped it up when they saw my pert bare tits and my 
long rock hard nipples , as I danced for them I was in my own little world, 
swaying to the beat of the music, my breast swinging and bouncing free. The 
men were throwing dollar bills on the stage left and right. Then the next song 
started and I let my tennis skirt fall to the floor and now I was totally 
naked dancing for people I didn't know in a strange bar and was wetter than 
hell, I could feel the juices running down my thighs as I danced. After that 
song I danced one more fully nude and made sure everyone saw just how excited 
I was. Then when the song was over I scooped up the bills laying on stage and 
started to dress and get down. When I walked up to David he kissed me and told 
the bartender thank you as we left .Later when we stopped for the night as we 
lay in bed he ask how I enjoyed dancing for those men and I told him I loved 
it, and couldn't wait to see what he had planned next.

The following morning we left and headed on down the road till we came to a 
shopping mall and he pulled in. Today he had picked out a sun dress for me to 
wear and it covered me well enough that I felt safe going into the mall with 
him, he let me look around a bit then told me to follow him, he led me into a 
Macy's Department store and back to the women's department where he picked up 
a dress and told me to take it and try it on. He followed me back to the 
dressing room and quickly stepped inside a booth with me telling me to take my 
dress off and give it to him. I didn't expect what he did next as he told me 
that he was taking my dress and purse back to the car and that he wanted me to 
make my way there naked. He ask if I remembered which door we had came in and 
I told him I did so he told me he would get the car and meet me there. He told 
me to give him time to get there before making my move as he opened the door 
and left me standing there naked in Macy's. I waited what seemed for ever but 
in fact was just five minutes before I slowly opened the door and looked 
around outside it before streaking out through Macy's and into the mall and 
out the door. When I pushed the door open I didn't see Davids car at first 
then I saw it all the way across the lot with him standing beside it. I took 
off at a dead run my breast bouncing up and down as I ran , when I got near 
the car he got in and I opened the door and jumped in telling him to go.

We stayed gone one more day and that day he kept me naked the whole day, 
making me pump gas and go in and pay for it, making me walk into a McDonald's 
naked and order us lunch , every thing I did that day I was naked including 
the drive home. 







