They spend the next two days cleaning the house. Weevil and Veronica leave when they have to go to work, but always return as soon as they can. They avoid the TV and newspapers when they're with Logan, but Veronica has put too much energy into finding Lilly's true killer, and she secretly follows the trial. Weevil continues to stay the night, sharing a bed with Logan. They act as though it's nothing unusual, but make sure to be up and out of bed by the time Veronica arrives.

Weevil had gone back to his grandma's to get clothes and his bike and gather up Logan's things. He had a lively conversation with his grandma where, among other things, she told him not to get Logan into any trouble. Weevil told her that he'd be gone for a few nights, and she waved her hands at him, saying that if he wanted to abandon his poor old grandmother, then that was his business. He knew that she'd be happy as long as he wasn't in jail, so he kissed her cheek when he left and watched her smile.

Logan, meanwhile, negotiates with Trina. They come to an agreement on Thursday. Trina will come and play the good sister for the social worker, and Logan will give her 10,000 dollars. He knows that he's being fleeced, but he's desperate. He makes her agree that she won't actually try to come live with him, and the deal is made.

Trina arrives Friday morning in her most demure outfit. Veronica is in the process of coaching Logan as she straightens his clothes.

"Don't oversell it. Your dad's in jail, so you're supposed to be sad. 'Brave little trooper' is what we're going for here."

"Veronica, hi!" Trina chirps, and is bewildered when Veronica, Logan, and Weevil all smirk, Veronica's impression of Trina's gushing style still fresh in their minds. "And you are?" She's looking at Weevil with a slight expression of distaste.

"Don't worry about it, they're leaving." Logan looks in the mirror and brushes his hand over his hair. He turns back to look at Veronica and Weevil. "Get out of here, okay? I'll call when it's over."

They leave, Veronica stopping back once to whisper, "Acceptable family environment."

When the social worker arrives, Trina answers the door as Logan stands nearby.

"I'm Trina, and this is Logan," she says warmly. They each shake hands with the woman, who is small and wiry.

She introduces herself as Mrs. Simmons, and begins to walk through the house. She enters the kitchen, where Veronica had left freshly baked cookies cooling on the counter. "You bake?" She scrutinizes Trina.

"Only occasionally," Trina says modestly.

Mrs. Simmons opens the refrigerator, which is completely stocked. Veronica had stopped over with a list, and the three of them went to the grocery store. Once they got everything inside, she had Weevil and Logan drink some of the milk while she put together the ingredients for the cookies.

"If nothing's been opened, it's too obvious. Eat." She commanded them, and watched in satisfaction as they complied.

Mrs. Simmons walks upstairs. Trina and Logan follow as she walks into the master bedroom, and Logan compels himself to follow her inside. He holds his breath as she circles the room, but she doesn't say anything as she moves on to the next room.

"Well, unless there's anything you need to tell me, everything looks fine here." She looks searchingly at Logan, and then Trina. They both smile, and Logan puts an arm around Trina's shoulders.

"I can't think of anything." Trina smiles lovingly.

"Then we just have the paperwork to deal with." They walk back to the kitchen. Mrs. Simmons hands Trina a form. "This allows you temporary custody of Logan until he turns eighteen on," she looks in her file, "July 8." Trina signs and initials the page, and then two more copies of the same form.

"Congratulations, you're a guardian." Mrs. Simmons smiles, and Trina hugs Logan. He hugs her back, pretending that this is a normal occurrence. They walk Mrs. Simmons to the door, Trina's arm linked in Logan's. As soon as she leaves, Logan shoves her away.

"Get out."

"Aren't you forgetting something, little bro?"

Logan pulls out his wallet and hands her the check. "Don't come back."

"Oh, I'll be back." She smirks. "Our deal is good until you turn eighteen. After that, we're going to have to decide who gets to live here." She flounces out the door, pausing to make sure that the social worker's car is gone before she gets in her car and backs out of the driveway.

Logan leans against the wall and sighs, and then calls Weevil.

"Ding, dong, the witch is gone." Logan can hear Veronica in the background, asking Weevil how it went. "Come back here."

Within moments, Veronica runs through the front door with Weevil behind her.

"Well? Mission accomplished?"

"She signed the papers."

Veronica, excited, hugs both Logan and Weevil at the same time. Logan watches, shocked, as she kisses Weevil, still holding tight to Logan's arm. Veronica turns and kisses Logan next. He kisses her back before pulling away, confused. Veronica takes Logan's hand and guides it to Weevil's face. They look at each other. Weevil leans in first, and his lips meet Logan's softly. Their kiss escalates, and they move closer together. Veronica steps away.

"I'd say my work here is done." She's smiling, but her eyes are sad. Weevil walks over and hugs her. He kisses one cheek, and Logan kisses the other. Veronica leaves, glancing back to see Logan and Weevil move back to one another.