Story: Creampie Penalty (Creampie, bond)

Cassandra, an attractive brunette with long straight hair, immensely 
enjoyed sex, although she was frequently disappointed.  Her 
unhappiness did not stem from any deficiency on her part.  Her lovers 
frequently complimented her.  She had a sweet, delectable pussy, one 
that men craved to touch, to kiss, and, most of all, to be inside.  It 
was, as they say, a pussy that talked.  It emanated a nonverbal 
message of an almost mystical sensuality.  Cassandra's smooth firm 
thighs presented an enticing avenue to her portal of sweetness.

The problem was that when a lover caught sight of Cassandra's furry 
mound with vaginal lips parted ever so slightly in an inviting, almost 
shy manner, he became extremely impatient to enter her.  Whenever she 
allowed a man to enter, all it took was a few thrusts before he popped 
off inside her.  Afterward, when his all-consuming lust had been 
spent, he was invariably apologetic.  The mood, however, had already 
been spoiled for Cassandra at that point, and she either manually 
stimulated herself to climax or ended the bedroom session.

More and more frequently she insisted that her lover for the night 
orally stimulate her to climax before penetration (and the inevitable 
short-lived intercourse).  The men she brought home were also baffled 
at their lack of staying power.  "There's no saying no to that pussy," 
one of them told her.  "It just yanks it out of me!"

Their explanations seldom made Cassandra feel any better.  There was 
one night when the inevitable happened and as she lay on the bed with 
a pouting look on her face, her lover exasperatedly exclaimed, "I'd 
undo it and try again if I could!"

She then told him that if he really meant that, he could get his mouth 
down there and prove it by orally extracting his ejaculate.  He 
actually considered it for a few moments, and decided that he 
couldn't.  That ended Cassandra's romance that night, although she was 
stimulated by the thought of humiliating a guy by having him orally 
service her after ejaculating inside her.

She tried other tactics to delay ejaculation of her lovers.

Having sex while partially clothed did almost the opposite of what she 
intended.  When she lay on the bed, the bottom of her skirt rested 
just above her beautiful knees, which made the sight (and feel) of her 
pussy all the more irresistible when she opened up to receive him.

Another tactic was to wear old, tattered clothing when bedding down 
with her lover.  The denim cutoffs with dangling threads; the 
oversized T-shirt with torn sections only whetted her lovers' appetite 
and desire.

Failing that, Cassandra refrained from showering for a few days, 
figuring that a little skank would help her achieve her goal.  The 
next lover she had told her that her scent was intoxicatingly 
sensuous, and he spurted on her thighs as he prepared to enter her.

Cassandra seriously considered giving up on men, and wondered if she'd 
have more satisfaction with women.  She also wondered if she was 
trying too hard, and if she should be more casual and wait for the 
right man to come along.  The nagging thought in the back of her mind 
was that there were no men who could give her sustaining satisfaction.

One man she dated somewhat shyly told her that he was submissive, and 
told her that he fantasized being tied to the bed during sex.  She 
remembered her desire to humiliate, then smiled and told him that she 
hadn't done that, but would be willing to try it.

She bound the naked man's ankles to the corner bedposts, then tied his 
wrists together and bound them above his head.  His erection throbbed 
as Cassandra slowly stripped.  She lightly touched him all over, and 
he struggled against his restraints in sweet torment, wishing he could 
hold her.  He frequently gazed at her midsection and fervently wished 
he could plunge into her enticing womanhood between those slightly 
open lips.  She was aroused at the thought of what she was going to 
do.  Her labia glistened with droplets of her feminine lubricant, 
which made her pussy all the more enticing.

She straddled him.  He groaned excitedly as she guided him inside.  
She knew what was going to happen next.  A few pumps of her hips, and 
he clenched his teeth and exclaimed as he spurted.  She continued to 
pump her hips for a moment after his ejaculation.

Now it's payback time, Cassandra thought to herself, and withdrew.  
She made her way up to his face, and then pinched his nose shut.  
"That's it," she whispered when he opened his mouth to breathe.  Then 
she swiftly placed her pussy on his mouth and kept his nose pinched 
shut.  Her thighs held his head in place.

"Mmmmm!  Mmmmmm!  Mmmm-mmmm!" he exclaimed as the mixture of semen and 
feminine cream trickled into his mouth.

"I want you to suck me clean!" Cassandra said.  "If I let you breathe 
will you suck it?"

He frantically attempted to nod his head in assent, and she released 
his nose.  After a few deep breaths he applied his mouth to her pussy 
and extracted as much as he could.  Cassandra shuddered in climax, 
more from the rush of power that she experienced than from vaginal 
stimulation.

"That wasn't too bad," she told him as she climbed off.  "Maybe next 
time I'll see how many times I can milk you."  Then she untied him and 
sent him home.  Later that night, and for several nights following, 
she masturbated to the thought of forcing men to orally extract their 
semen after ejaculation.

Cassandra confided in her friend Vicky about her problems.  She also 
rather shyly told Vicky about her latest encounter with the submissive 
male.  Cassandra's eyes betrayed her arousal as she narrated the 
incident where she force-fed the bound male his own ejaculate.

Vicky was captivated by the story, and after it was related, she said, 
"Now I'm going to take a risk here, Cassandra.  There's a friend of 
mine who works at a kind of reform clinic.  She told me something 
really bizarre a while back.  I couldn't believe it.  But she told me 
that it's a coed facility -- well, not really coed -- there's a 
separate side for males and females - and there are times when they 
decide that they want to really punish someone there who's earned a 
lot of demerits."

"Well, what IS it?!" Cassandra asked impatiently.

"See, normally they use spanking for discipline, I guess, but when 
someone's been really bad, they get one of the girls - the girls who 
need to be punished - and they bind her to this special table.  Then 
they get one of the males from the other side - one who's being 
rewarded - and they let him have sex with her.  They give him 
something like fifteen minutes with her.  She has a blindfold on so 
she can't see who's doing her."

"Oh, wow!" Cassandra exclaimed.  She was unsettled at what Vicky just 
described.  It was degrading.  It was disgusting.  It was... arousing. 
 "What do they do with the guys who need to be punished like that?"

"I tried to get her to tell me, but she said she couldn't.  I'm 
curious too, so I'm going to work on her some more."

They finished their lunch.  Over the next several days Cassandra 
wondered if it would be worth it to go through the milking idea with 
the submissive male.  She hesitated to go through all that effort for 
a few moments of pleasure.  She did, however, continue to masturbate 
in bed thinking about it.

As Cassandra was getting ready for bed one night, Vicky called.  "I 
know it's late, but I've got to talk to you - can I come over?"

"I - I guess so, yes.  Come on over."

Vicky rushed in when Cassandra opened the door.

"I wouldn't have been able to sleep if I didn't tell you right away," 
Vicky stated a few moments later.  "I talked to my friend about, you 
know, what we talked about the other day, and I got her to spill how 
they punish both males and females who don't respond to their other 
discipline."  Vicky was wide-eyed now.

"Vicky, tell me," Cassandra pleaded.

"Well, they tie down this girl, like I told you the other day," Vicky 
began, her voice quavering with excitement.  "They let two or three 
guys have their way with her.  The guy to be punished is also tied 
down, and he's been watching this happen.  After the guys have filled 
her up, they have the girl go over to the guy and put the stuff in his 
mouth.  They have his mouth forced open with some kind of thing."

"Oh, Vicky," Cassandra exclaimed, aroused.  "Oh... Vicky!"

"See why I had to tell you?!"

They sat silent for a few moments.  Then Cassandra grasped Vicky's 
shoulders and blurted, "Vicky, I've GOT to get in on that!  I could 
take on ten, twelve guys, 'cause they pop so fast.  Think of how much 
that would generate!"  Then she felt silly at having said that.

Vicky squirmed and said, "I would give anything to see that.  Listen, 
I can't guarantee anything, but if you get a call from someone you 
don't know and she mentions having talked to me, pretend like you 
don't know as much as I've told you, okay?"

Cassandra couldn't resist giving Vicky a kiss on the lips.  "Thanks so 
much, Vicky."

For several days Cassandra waited for the mystery call.  Every night 
she furiously masturbated while fantasizing about the prison scene.  
During dinnertime one day the phone rang.  The caller ID said it was 
Vicky, so Cassandra decided to answer it.  An unfamiliar voice asked 
for Cassandra.

"This is Cassandra," she replied.

The voice continued.  "This is Sherry.  I'm a friend of Vicky's, and I 
work for a reform clinic.  Can we meet for lunch soon?  I'd like to 
talk to you in person."

Cassandra's heart pounded as she stammered that she'd certainly be 
willing to meet her.  Sherry gave directions to the clinic, and 
instructions on being admitted as a guest of the staff.  They agreed 
on the following day.

The next morning Cassandra told her supervisor at work that she had an 
appointment 'at the clinic' and would be late getting back from lunch.

She made her way to the facility and signed in.  After a few minutes a 
woman in her early forties with close-cropped light brown hair 
appeared and asked for Cassandra.

"I'm Sherry," she announced, extending her hand and looking into 
Cassandra with pleasant yet penetrating eyes.

Cassandra was visibly nervous as Sherry led them to the staff 
lunchroom.  Sherry tried to put her at ease before talking about the 
central issue.

"I'm really glad that Vicky told me about you," she began.  Then she 
got Cassandra to talk about herself.  By the time dessert came, the 
women seemed to have a good rapport.

"Now," Sherry asked, "Tell me why you are interested in being here.  
Vicky told me some things, but I'd rather hear them from you so that 
there are no inaccuracies."

Cassandra took a deep breath and related her frustration with dating.  
In hushed tones she told Sherry about the bondage incident and her 
pleasure from the aftermath, and then about when she heard from Vicky 
about the unusual discipline, she wanted to get in on it for the 
domination experience after accumulating multiple ejaculations.  
Sherry's eyes visibly widened when Cassandra mentioned her desire to 
take on a large number of males.

Sherry thanked her for being forthright, and assured Cassandra that 
she would probably find the work quite fulfilling.  Then she laughed 
at her inadvertent pun.  She suggested that they go to the room where 
the event takes place.  They went through several doorways, each 
requiring Sherry's intervention to unlock and open.

They ended up in a large room which looked like a combination of a 
bondage parlor dungeon and a medical clinic.  There was an examination 
table, stainless steel stands, water faucets, a bathroom, and a large 
firm X-shaped structure.

"You'll be wearing the regulation women's clothing, which is a light 
blue denim sheath dress and white laceless sneakers," Sherry stated.  
"Most of the women think that the dress they have to wear is too 
short, but the regulations are clear on that.  You, of course, will 
not be wearing panties.  The top of your dress will be pulled down to 
bare your breasts.  Your skirt will be pulled up for access.  Then 
you'll be bound to this X table.  Come and look at it more closely."

The sturdy table's surface was padded with thick smooth material.  It 
was hinged at several places.  The table was designed so that the 
woman tied to it could be tilted to any angle, from a standing 
position to lying horizontally, and partially inverted.  There were 
metal loops for binding straps in several places.

"We will bind your ankles and your wrists so that you are 
spread-eagled.  Then we will adjust the table so that you are almost 
horizontal.  As the session progresses we may need to tilt it further 
back beyond the horizontal so that the, uh, payload will not escape.  
You'll be blindfolded while you are secured to the table.  You will be 
lubricated with a translucent lotion.  The lotion has the quality of 
making the woman appear to have recently had sex.  We find that this 
arouses the males."  Sherry paused for effect.

"The males who will be interacting with you are then brought in, one 
at a time.  They are completely naked, with their hands cuffed behind 
them.  The male is allowed to have intercourse with you while 
standing.  A member of the staff will assist his entry into your 
vagina if necessary, by spreading your labia and guiding his erection 
inside.  Then he will proceed until he ejaculates.  He will then be 
escorted out, and the next one brought in.  Are you still with us so 
far?"

Cassandra nodded.

"Good. Now if you don't mind, I'd like you to show me your vagina. 
There's no need to undress, but I'd like to see what your assets are.  
You can get up here on the examination table."

Cassandra nervously removed her panties and got on the examination 
table.

"Good - just lie back.  Okay, spread your legs now.  Oh, my!  That IS 
an attractive one!  Nice lubrication too.  I'm going to insert a 
finger."

Cassandra gasped when Sherry brusquely jammed her middle finger inside 
her pussy, and then wiggled it around.

"I strongly recommend inserting a sizable phallic probe several times 
a day and getting accustomed to it before the event," Sherry advised.  
"The impatient male equipment is going to want only one thing - to be 
inside you, and some of them might be rather unrefined about it.  
Okay, you can get up now."

Cassandra felt somewhat embarrassed at having bared her pussy to 
Sherry, at the same time as she felt a rapport because of the 
intimacy.

"I liked your idea of using more than the customary 2 to three males," 
Sherry continued.  "I like the idea so much that I think six or more 
at a session is about right.  Bear in mind that the recipient of your 
'payload' may be male or female.  How about Friday evening for the 
session.  Would that work for you?"

Cassandra assented, and Sherry reminded her to use a vaginal probe in 
the interim, and to be at the front gate 90 minutes before the actual 
session for preparation.

Cassandra purchased a vibrating dildo on the way home that day, and 
undressed immediately upon arriving home.  She lubricated the dildo 
with lotion and got on her bed and spread her legs.  She moaned as she 
gradually inserted it far into her pussy.  After a moment she closed 
her eyes and pumped the dildo in and out.  She pumped faster and 
faster, visualizing herself tied spread-eagled.  Then she switched on 
the vibration and stimulated herself to climax.  She repeated this 
exercise twice more before going to bed, and at least twice a day over 
the next few days.

Friday morning Cassandra felt a mixture of excitement and trepidation, 
and decided to go directly to the clinic from work.

She waited anxiously in the visitor's center for several minutes 
before Sherry appeared.  They went through the several locked doors at 
the facility and ended up in the nurse's station.

"Please give her a douche and a shower, and fit her with regulation 
clothing," Sherry instructed the nurse.  "Then bring her to the 
X-room."  She left Cassandra alone with the nurse.

"Take all your clothes off while I prepare your douche," the nurse 
directed.  Cassandra undressed and waited.  Her eyes widened when she 
saw the nurse carrying a huge enema bag - it looked twice the size of 
an ordinary one.

"Lie back here on the table, hon, and put your feet in the stirrups.  
Be glad I'm not giving you an enema."  Cassandra felt extremely 
exposed and vulnerable in with her legs spread as they were.  The 
nurse placed the full bag on a stainless steel stand and adjusted the 
table so that Cassandra was partially sitting up.  Then she positioned 
a catch pan underneath, inserted the douche nozzle, and started the 
flow.  As the douche progressed, the nurse stopped the flow several 
times and moved the nozzle around, and restarted it.  The only sound 
in the room was the solution trickling out into the catch pan.  
Finally it was over.

"Okay, girl, you can use the shower and then we'll get you dressed."

Cassandra showered and took particular care to wash her pubic area.  
After she dried herself, the nurse presented her with a light blue 
denim sheath dress.  She slipped it on and felt underclothed - the hem 
of the dress settled halfway between her hips and her knees.  She put 
on the white sneakers, without socks, and noticed that she was not 
presented with panties.

"Okay, dear, come with me," the nurse said, and Cassandra followed her 
to the X-room.  She was glad to see Sherry there - in fact, Sherry was 
the only other person in the room.  The X-frame had been adjusted so 
that it was horizontal.

"It'll be okay," Sherry tried to reassure Cassandra.  "Now let's get 
the top of your dress down to your tummy," she said, and helped 
Cassandra with that maneuver.  "Okay now, lie on the table here and 
we'll get you situated."

The padding on the structure was more comfortable than she thought it 
would be, and she positioned herself with her legs spread.  Her back 
and head were supported by a section of the table.

"Good.  Now put your arms above your head and spread them apart so I 
can bind them."  She felt the snug binding straps around her wrists.  
Sherry went to the front.  "Lift up here for a sec," she said as she 
grasped the hem of Cassandra's dress and tucked it under her waist, 
rendering her bare from the waist down.  Cassandra looked sensuously 
alluring in that pose, like a helpless damsel in distress just asking 
to be ravished.  Sherry bound the captive girl's ankles to the X 
frame.  Then she retrieved a bottle of lotion.

"I'll get you lubed up now," she remarked, and squirted some lotion on 
one finger.  She inserted her lubricated finger into Cassandra's 
vagina and probed around.  She withdrew and squirted more lotion, and 
went in again.  She repeated this until she was confident that 
Cassandra's innards were well lubricated.  Then she squirted a few 
drops of the translucent lotion on Cassandra's labia.  The drops oozed 
downward, presenting an irresistible picture of a freshly sexed 
vagina.

"One more little thing, and the show begins," Sherry quipped, and 
retrieved a red scarf.  She blindfolded Cassandra with it.

Cassandra's world went dark, and she felt alone and vulnerable.  Her 
senses were heightened, and she paid close attention to sounds.  She 
startled when she felt a hand on her belly.

"It's me, honey," the nurse said.

Cassandra heard the sound of heavy doors opening and closing.  A few 
seconds later she felt a male presence between her bound and spread 
legs.  The nurse's hand moved downward and she felt feminine fingers 
spreading her labia.  Next came the unmistakable feeling of sudden 
penetration.

"AHHHH!" Cassandra exclaimed, more from fright than from pain.  She 
felt the hard, erect male member plunge in up to the hilt and pause 
for a half second.  Then it pulled back, and plunged in all the way 
again.  Once more, and then she heard a male voice exclaim, "OH!  
Ahh!"  The hard cock rapidly pumped in and out as it spewed forth.  
Then the cock settled in for a moment, still ejecting a squirt every 
few seconds.  After a moment she felt it withdraw.

There was the sound of a door opening and closing, and in a moment 
Cassandra again felt a presence between her legs.  She clenched her 
fists and twisted from side to side a few times.  She gathered that 
the nurse apparently was not immediately by her side.  The second male 
apparently had to maneuver his cock into her pussy without help, with 
his hands bound behind him.  She felt the tip of it touch her labia 
and shift around for a few seconds.  Then there was a sudden and 
rather brusque penetration.

"OHH!" she groaned, and she felt the cock's rapid slithering in and 
out.  After about ten pumps she heard an unmistakable "Aaughhh!" and 
the thrusting became more forceful.  She knew she was accumulating 
another serving of semen while the cock pounded her pussy.  After the 
male pulled out, she felt her table being tilted slightly back.

A few moments later Cassandra heard a male whisper, "Oh wow!"  Then 
she felt the tip of a cock at her entrance.  It pushed in, and was 
thicker and longer than the previous two.  She cried out and twisted 
her hips when the cock reached far back in her womanhood.  Ten more 
times the large cock invaded her and thrust in to the hilt.  Ten more 
times Cassandra cried out and struggled against her restraints.  Then 
the male began to ejaculate and, over the following thirty seconds the 
voice exclaimed, "Oh... God!  Oh!  Unh!  Oooh!  Oh, MY, what a cunt!  
Uhhh!  Wow...  Ahhh!  Oh, that PUSSY!  Oh, you little CUNT!"

She felt the large cock pull out.  She realized that with all the 
semen in her now, that her pussy was probably extremely slippery, and 
without some friction the next one probably would take longer to 
ejaculate.  

When she again felt the tip of a cock probe at her portal and push 
inside, she pressed her lips together in determination, and 
concentrated on contracting her vaginal muscles in a slow, pulsating 
fashion.  She heard a moan from her intruder, and after about thirty 
pumps he blasted forth.

Cassandra wondered how many more intrusions she had to endure that 
day.  Then she heard a male voice say, "Mmmm.  Nice one!"

She again contracted her vaginal muscles as she felt the next one 
enter her, and realized this cock was at least as long as the other 
long one that gave her trouble.  It pushed far inside, and Cassandra 
twisted her hips as she writhed, and let out a loud, open-mouthed 
"Ahhh-AAAAAAAH!"

She felt some relief when the cock pulled back, and then it shoved in 
again, all the way.  "AHHHHHHH!" she shouted, and twisted frantically.

"Oh, yes, baby, sing for me!" the voice said.  This one was not as 
abrupt and brusque as the other one, but was every bit as 
uncomfortable when lodged up to the hilt.

His technique was to slowly push in until she twisted and writhed, and 
then stay there for a moment, keeping the pressure against her.  As 
long as he continued to push, even when he was in all the way, she 
moaned, twisted, and struggled.  This greatly excited her intruder, 
and with each long thrust, he spent as much time as he could with his 
lengthy cock shoved in all the way.

Why doesn't he cum, Cassandra wondered. She mentally went through her 
list of things she knew had an irresistible effect on her previous 
lovers, and knew she had to try some of those if she wanted to escape 
the constant invasion.

As difficult as it was, Cassandra started moaning with an open-mouthed 
smile, and bucking her hips instead of twisting, as if asking for 
more.  This had some effect, and after several more brusque 
intrusions, she felt the large cock become harder.   A moment later, 
she got a fresh serving.

"Oh yes, baby," the male said.  "Oh, yeah!"  He continued to ram his 
member in and out for a while, and then he pulled out.

Cassandra surmised that the males in line to use her were arranged so 
that the ones with the larger members were last, probably to prevent 
the accumulated cream from dripping out her receptacle.

The nurse whispered, "One more, honey.  You're doing fine." 

Sweat was dripping from her armpits.  She again felt the tip of a male 
member at her portal.  Her surprise came when it slithered in.  It was 
erect and meaty, not thick as much as it was long.  She let out a loud 
sharp yell when she felt that the cock was never going to stop 
penetrating her.  It was in as much as she could take, and he was 
still shoving!  Then it pulled back, and shoved in again, extracting 
another scream.  She pulled and struggled against her restraints.  She 
twisted and writhed.  She moaned and screamed.  She begged him to go 
easy.  It made no difference.

"What a girl!" the male exclaimed.  "I'd like to give it to you in the 
ass!"

"Please stop! Please stop!" Cassandra begged while twisting and 
writhing.

"Oh, I love it when you squirm!  Squirm for me, girl!  Come on!"

He kept shoving it in all the way; Cassandra kept screaming and 
begging.

"Yeah, that feels so good," he said.  "Mmmmm, yeah...  Uh-oh!  OH! 
YEAH!"

She knew he was spurting, and he continued to bang in and out for a 
moment.

"Girl, that was good!" he exclaimed as he pulled out.

Cassandra moaned, relieved that the banging was over.  She felt her 
blindfold being removed, and she saw Sherry's face. 

"I know that was an ordeal for you," Sherry said in a tender voice.  
"I'm going to undo your hands now.  Also, we're going to do the next 
phase a little different from before.  I think you should get more 
pleasure from it than the other girls have gotten.  You'll see."

Cassandra heard the door open and she saw a male being led in by a 
strict-looking woman.  The male was dressed only in briefs and his 
hands were cuffed behind him.  His gaze immediately focused on her 
legs and freshly sexed pubic area.

"Okay, Mister Food Fight," the strict woman addressed the male, "this 
girl has been well fucked by several of your fellow students - the 
ones who are being rewarded.  Since they have cleaned up after your 
messes, I think it's entirely appropriate that YOU clean up after them 
now.  Unless you'd prefer a much more severe version of the salt water 
and paddle punishment."

The woman paused for effect, then continued.  "Now, go up between her 
legs, kneel down, and get your mouth up to her pussy and clean it up."

The male paused for a moment, deciding what he should do - accept an 
extremely painful discipline session, or a cleanup job that he wasn't 
sure he could do.  The girl before him - whose legs were still bound 
to the X frame - aroused him, and he couldn't take his eyes off her 
oozing pussy.

"Go on," his escort ordered.  "You've got ten seconds to get your 
mouth on that pussy or we go to the punishment room!  One!  Two!  
Three..."

He quickly knelt between Cassandra's thighs.  Her well-sexed pussy 
stared him in the face.  Drops of translucent semen oozed from her 
opening.

"Eight!  Nine..."

Cassandra flinched when she felt a tongue gingerly touch her 
womanhood.

"Lick it good!" the disciplinarian ordered.

The male swiped his tongue several times, and Cassandra felt the 
tingling of pleasure.

The male's disciplinarian interrupted with another order.  "Now get 
your mouth ON there and suck her clean."

After a pause, Cassandra felt her pussy caressed by the male's mouth, 
and the sensation of gentle sucking.  In spite of her audience, she 
moaned.  A moment or two later, Sherry said that she'd like to adjust 
the table for a better angle, and tilted it forward.  Cassandra, in 
her new position, could see everything now.

"Now continue, Mister Food Fight," his escort ordered.  "Clean up 
every drop from inside her.  Now!"

Cassandra observed that the male was definitely not enjoying his 
cleanup task.  That fact only added to her pleasure.  He decided to 
try to get it over with quickly, and planted his mouth firmly on her 
pussy, and, with gravity providing an assist, worked in earnest to 
clean her.

"Ahhhh-unhhhhh!" Cassandra moaned, louder than before, as she felt her 
massive payload being extracted.  She wanted to squeeze her thighs 
around the male's head to keep his mouth just where it was.  She used 
her vaginal muscles to attempt to eject the payload of semen.

"Ohhhh!  Ahhhhh!  Mmmmmm!"  She rolled her head from side to side, now 
oblivious to the others in the room.

"Oh, don't stop!" Cassandra screamed when he slowed down.

"You just keep going until the lady tells you to stop," the 
disciplinarian ordered.

Cassandra clenched her fists.  Her body trembled.  She pulsed her 
vaginal muscles as the sensation of the male's mouth on her creamed 
pussy drove her inexorably toward climax.  Her moans filled the room 
as the others looked on, spellbound.  She thought of all the cocks 
that had penetrated and pulsed inside her pussy that day, and how the 
reluctant male's punishment was leading to her pleasure.  She thought 
of the massive payload of cum that the male was extracting.  Her hips 
trembled for a moment, and then with loud moans she arched her back 
and crested into an intense and lengthy orgasm.  Only when she could 
no longer stand the stimulation of the male's sucking on her pussy did 
she tell him to stop.

Sherry untied the ankle restraints and helped the freshly pleasured 
girl off the X frame.  Cassandra dizzily followed the nurse into the 
other room, where she was given another douche and shower.  Afterward, 
Sherry asked her if it was worth it.

"I don't know, Sherry.  I don't know.  But the last part was really 
good!"

During the next week Cassandra had a chance to assimilate the 
experience.  She had talked to Vicky about it and had settled into her 
usual routine.  Then a few days later she answered the phone.

"Cassandra, this is Sherry.  We have another opportunity coming up, 
and I have some ideas on how to spice things up for you.  Interested?"

Cassandra paused.  She thought of her bound pussy being pumped full of 
semen from several males helplessly spurting inside her.  She knew 
that Sherry would not let her down.  She knew what her inevitable 
answer would be.

"Y-yes, Sherry."

-----
This work is copyright 2004, 2006 by the author.  Commercial use is 
prohibited without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story 
unmodified is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either 
directly or indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and 
provided that this disclaimer and attribution to the original author 
(rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  Please see my other stories at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
