Title: Keep it in the Family
Rating: NC17
Pairing(s): Spike/Xander/Angel
Chapter : 13/18
Previous Chapters : Starts here and follow links at bottom.
Warning(s): vamp!Xander
Beta(s): Not beta'd but proofread
Disclaimer: Not mine – believe me, if they were I wouldn't be writing about them, I'd be rolling around in a bed with them! 
Graphics : by 
Summary: What happens when Spike gets a little brother?

The feel of Angel as he pushed himself in deep made Xander moan, the sound rumbling through his chest as he shifted his face restlessly on the pillow. There were no words to describe how he was feeling, knees on the bed, ass in the air with only a pillow to muffle his cries: the sparks behind his eyes each time Angel brushed against his prostate, the harsh hands holding his hips in place , leaving bruises as he pumped himself in and out of Xander. Pushing his hips back in encouragement, Xander cried out as Spike shuffled down the bed in front of him, taking his leaking cock into his mouth and sucking strongly. Too many sensations at once, bombarding his system so that he could barely think – pushing back into the feel of Angel pressing deep and hard, forward into the wet, tight tunnel of Spike in front – he was going mad with the pleasure. 

”It's interesting the initial lack of response to stimuli – almost as though it's divorced itself from the pain. That is if you believe all that crap about them being able to feel. Finn did well arranging for this one to be brought in. I wonder if Professor Walsh will want to dissect - “
Tossing his head back, he tilted it to one side, silently encouraging Angel to sink his fangs into his turning scar and sip the rich taste of Childe's blood. The pop of skin bursting under the points, the slice as those razor sharp teeth pressed in, and then glorious suction making him light-headed. Balancing carefully one one arm, he reached down....
”It doesn't seem that old though. I thought Finn said this one was over 200 years old?”
….and grasped Spike's head, thrusting his hips forward so that he was fucking that pouting pink mouth. A scream was yanked from him as Spike rolled his eyes up to look directly into his gaze, then changed into his vampiric guise and slid his fangs into the base of his cock. It was enough, more than enough, to roll his eyes back in his head, the rhythm of his hips stuttering brokenly as the wave of pleasure broke over him and he screamed out loud again and again.
”I don't think it's that old – the older ones don't scream as easily as this one”
”You call this easy? God, Rogers, we've peeled half the skin from it's back – I think old or not, that would make me scream!”

“Yeah, but you're human. This is a demon. You'd expect it to be hardier than this somehow. Come on, let's get these samples over to the lab”.

“What should we do with this?”

“A couple of the 'minions' are due shortly – they can take it back to it's cell”. 

“Hee hee – minions, good one!!”

For a plan put together so quickly, it was actually quite workable. Riley was due back to the Initiative anyway, and Buffy's access hadn't been revoked as yet. Angel and Spike were to go in as captives which would hopefully enable them to head straight for the inner sanctum – everyone knew how much Walsh wanted Hostile 17 returned, and an additional Master Vampire was always good for research. Giles and Willow were staying in the vehicle and using the laptop to generate a diversion. They didn't need any schematics to the underground research facility or details as to where the cells were – Riley's passwords had pretty high access, and they should be high enough to get them to where Xander was being held.
Willow had suggested a locator spell but a cutting look from Giles was enough to shut her up, and even Buffy had scowled at her before stating clearly: “ Willow, we know where he is generally – it's where he is specifically that would help us now”. Nodding, Willow ducked her head and returned to the laptop, avoiding the disappointed gazes of Buffy and Riley, and the coldly furious looks from Angel, Giles and Spike. None of them seemed to understand that she had been acting in all of their best interests, that she hadn't done any of it for selfish reasons. The thought of her Xander being a vampire kept catching her off guard, and her eyes were red and swollen from crying. The tears flowed faster when she considered where he was now – who knew what those evil soldiers were doing to him.

Very aware that the night-time hours were passing them by, the drive to the campus was accomplished in a determined silence: the tension between Buffy and Riley was palpable, Giles was giving Angel a run for his money in the brooding department whilst Willow sat quietly in the back of the car. Angel and Spike had driven themselves and their disgust with the entire situation was obvious. Angel had kept himself in between Spike and Riley as much as possible, aware as they all were that now he was unleashed Spike had the capability to put Riley in his place - only his role in the plan to rescue Xander keeping him alive, or at least safe from attempted murder.

Gathered outside the concealed entrance, Giles turned to each of them.

“No heroics. In, get Xander and get out. Are we clear?” They each nodded agreement and then Angel and Spike moved ahead of Buffy and Riley and disappeared into the Initiative. Willow gulped and looked at Giles. “Back to the car Willow, let's make sure they have all of the diversion they need. And perhaps, yes perhaps it might be time for that little chat...”

They hadn't returned his clothes when they threw him back into his cell, and wincing with the pain from his back Xander sat against the wall, knees drawn up to his chest. He was happy in his head, refusing to let them see him or touch him. They had made him scream with the physical pain but that was nothing really – he was used to physical pain: from his father's fists, from his patrols in the early days. Mentally, he was strong. They wouldn't break him – he wouldn't give them the satisfaction. Rubbing the tears from his eyes with the palms of his hands, he tried to tune back into that place in his head. But something kept getting in the way – like some weird tingling of his skin, a prickling sensation that made him feel itchy. Nerd-wise he would describe it as his spidey sense tingling, but fat lot of good that had done him since he still got tasered by the Initiative. What the hell.....
….the noise from the other cells was escalating - something was going on out there. Dragging himself to his feet, Xander walked towards the front of his cell. And realised why his skin was tingling and he felt itchy. Striding down the corridor like they owned the place were Spike and Angel with their trademark billowing dusters and arrogant struts. In spite of the pain of his back, the fear that he had worked so hard to push away and refused to acknowledge, tears of relief pricked his eyes. Because they had come for him. 

“If you're leading us on a wild goose chase, boy, there is nowhere on this earth that will keep you safe from me!”
“Give it a rest Spike!” Buffy growled at him, although part of her did wonder if she trusted Riley to do what he said he would do – lead them in and out safely. What if – No, she refused to even consider it.

“'kin hell Slayer, can you believe some of the demons they got in here? Even you know half of this lot ain't dangerous. So what does that tell ya about your precious army boys? That maybe they're not in this just to keep the world safe for puppies and kittens and happy meals?”

“If you don't shut your mouth - “

“Spike!” Angel growled at him under his breath, even though part of him thought Spike was only saying out loud what he had been thinking. Buffy could be so incredibly blind when it suited her, and blinkered about so many things. But surely even she could see that she was going to have to do something about the Initiative and he didn't mean sign up for full membership.

“How much further Riley?”

“Not far. You know, you guys could at least pretend to be my prisoners – you know, maintain the illusion. If there are any cameras on us at all, they're going to pick up on that pretty quickly”.

“Never gonna be your prisoner again Capt'n Cardboard. And we all know why there ain't no cameras down here don't we?? Don't look, don't tell right? Some of your lot probably decided to try out the demon merchandise and no one wants that on camera do they?” Almost snarling in Riley's face, Spike backed him up until his back hit one of the glass doors. Wincing at Spike's perceptiveness, because even though he had never taken part in it Riley knew those sorts of things had happened down here, he turned away.

“Have Giles and Willow checked in yet?” Sniffing disdainfully at Riley changing the subject so blatantly, Spike sneered and walked back beside Angel. The sooner they got their boy and got out of there, the better as far as he was concerned. This place made his skin crawl.

“No, hang on”. Walking off to one side and trying to avoid seeing some of the pitiful looking demons in the glass cages, Buffy clicked the two-way radio in the pre-arranged signal.

“ - rely hear you, over”. Willow's voice came over around static, but they had been worried their cheap radios wouldn't work at all so it was a relief.

“Hadn't said anything yet Will. Not far – are you ready with our diversion? Over”.

“Have you found him? Oh thank god!! Is it ok – well apart from being a vampire and everything of course. But they haven't hurt him too muc -” There was the sounds of scuffles and Buffy could clearly hear Giles say to Willow : ”Give me that!” before she heard her Watcher over the line.

“Buffy, we're ready when you are. Click three times when you have reached Xander's cell – we're ready with a diversion and Willow believes she can unlock specific cage doors remotely if Riley's access no longer works”.

“Right – thanks Giles”. She looked over at the other three. “Ready whenever we are”.

Nodding, Angel and Spike continued down the corridor, concentrating solely on reaching Xander. Riley, Willow, Buffy – they could all go to hell, or at least wait until they knew he was safe.

“He's down here”. Head raised, Angel's eyes bled to gold as he caught the sense of his Childe. At the same time, Spike shifted and it was obvious he too had somehow locked onto Xander. Buffy and Riley were running to keep up as the two vampires headed off down the corridor swiftly, trusting in and following their connection. As the four of them ran, some of the inhabitants of the cells woke up and got agitated and soon there was a cacophony of noise as they battered on the cell doors, begging to be set free. Until Spike and Angel reached a cell and froze hands reaching out and touching the glass. Finally catching up with them, Buffy and Riley stopped dead in their tracks as they watched. Inside the cell, a naked Xander had his hands pressed to the glass, one to each vampire. Eyes a dark gold, ridges and fangs to the fore, even they could see he presented a feral but attractive image. A viewpoint that was obviously shared by both Angel and Spike as they pressed themselves against the cell, crooning and purring encouragement and love to the quietly weeping vampire.

As they moved closer they could see some of the damage that had been done to him: the marks of skin having been peeled from his back, bruises on his face, neck and arms showed the signs of rough-handling and they could see raw wounds around his wrists and ankles clearly showing where he had been bound tightly. Tears springing to her eyes, Buffy turned away, hiding her face in Riley's chest. Riley was struck dumb, for the first time truly seeing what the Initiative did was wrong – this was his friend, regardless of the fangs and the ridges. Another souled vampire, who loved and cared and experienced all the same emotion as he had a week previously. And worse still, he saw Spike and Angel, saw the depth of their pain as well as (part of) the height of their joy at seeing Xander alive again and he realised he could never view demons the same away again.

“Don't just stand there – get 'im the fuck outta there!”