SALVATION 

A dark and sadistic tale set in Victorian England

Written by Dickins

This is the first story of a trilogy, re-written with the permission of 
the author that chronicles the sexual abuse, bondage and torture of 
children in Victorian England, by individuals solely for the purpose of 
satisfying their sadistic sexual perversions. 

This story is a work of erotic fiction.  All names, characters, places 
and incidents are either a product of the author's imagination or are 
used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual events, locals or persons, 
living or dead, is entirely coincidental. 

Story Codes: ped, bdsm, mast, mc, voy and medical  

Introduction, St Saviour's Orphanage

In comparison with other similar establishments, St Saviour's orphanage 
is a large, bleak and imposing building. More a series of buildings 
attached to each other rather than one building, each builder trying to 
stamp his authority on the overall structure.

Standing in its own private grounds and set back from the road, the only 
way into the property is by a long and winding driveway. At the rear of 
the main building are several smaller buildings, an enclosed courtyard 
next to the old stables and a large walled garden. 

Foundered by the Marchant family in 1837, it has provided care and 
shelter for children who have lost their parents at sea, for the past 60 
years. Located in the St John's Wood area of London, it serves, through 
the family connections with the navy, much of the south coast of England. 
  
In keeping with naval traditions, the day-to-day routines and discipline 
at St Saviour's are harsh and the children are treated very roughly. This 
has always been justified as character building, but certain members of 
staff have always taken full advantage of this excuse, to satisfy their 
own sadistic lusts.

Chapter 1, Alice Marchant

It was into this atmosphere that Alice Marchant was born in 1862, her 
childhood and teenage years spent learning all about the running of St 
Saviour's, that one day she would inherit. 

During her wonderings around the buildings and grounds, she would enjoy 
watching the children being punished. When she was older, she always took 
an active part at the special punishment parades, held in the great hall 
every Friday night.

Special, because the punishments were much more severe and carried out in 
front a packed hall of complete strangers. She would enjoy wielding the 
birch rods, which were always used without mercy. 

Full to capacity audiences, watched as the children were punished and 
thrilled to their screams and erotic struggles in return for helping to 
raise much-needed funds. 

Alice would also enjoy helping matron with the children's daily hygiene, 
which included; genital cleansing and enemas of hot castor oil that were 
kept in for hours afterwards with stout mushroom bungs. 

Many a child was thrashed for not co-operating during these treatments, 
although there were some children who were stoic enough to endure them. 
The result of this stoicism was that they would be treated even more 
cruelly the next time.

Another of Alice's favourite pastimes was to assist at the children's 
sexual response sessions. These would included; forced masturbation and 
orgasm control training using special harnesses, that tightly encased 
their genitals and fitted snugly over their tenderised anuses making it 
very painful to sit and walk. 

All this ignited a real passion in Alice for this type of activity and 
when she was twenty, much to her delight, her parents left her in charge 
of St Saviour's orphanage to retire and sail on the open seas.
  
Alice now had the chance to develop her passion for inflicting these 
painful abuses and punishments and she encouraged her staff to compete 
against each other to find new and exciting ways of making these routines 
and treatments even more entertaining.
 
Alice had been able to operate St Saviour's in her own special way since 
her parents left her in charge nearly fourteen years earlier, but then 
she received a telegram from the admiralty a couple of years ago, that 
changed everything. 

It was announced that new regulations in naval procedures, meant than 
those orphans who would normally have been sent to St Saviour's, would 
now be sent to a newly built naval institution nearer the coast. 

This also meant that as the children got older and left to return to the 
navy or go into service, they wouldn't be replaced. As if that wasn't bad 
enough, the admiralty also cut its subsidy, making it more difficult for 
Alice, to continue operating in the way that she had enjoyed and large 
debts started to mount. 
 
The family capital that funded the running of the orphanage, also started 
to dwindle as her parents found new ways of enjoying their retirement, 
but then her world changed. Alice's, dreams finally became a reality when 
she inherited St Saviour's a few month's ago, after the loss of her 
parents in a tragic accident at sea. 

The funeral was a sombre affair, with only Alice, her staff and a few 
friends from the navy attending. It didn't take long for her to greave 
and Alice soon realised that this fate now gave her the opportunity to 
put the changes she so desperately craved into operation. Heavily in debt 
and on the brink of her world crumbling around her, Alice made a brave 
decision.

Like-minded individuals would be invited to a meeting and persuaded to 
become governors and introduce others as patrons. Alice, felt sure that 
they would take up this opportunity, but would she be able to persuade 
them to pay for the privilege.

Specialist equipment and apparatus would be installed and changes made to 
the children's daily routines. Larger and better facilities including an 
infirmary would be built.
 
A fresh intake of children, boosting St Saviour's dwindling stock would 
be purchased from other establishments, through contacts that Alice had 
made in the trade so to speak and there would be no restriction on how 
much she could pay to be sure that the children were healthy, attractive, 
and able to respond favourably to all the sexual and physical abuses they 
were going to receive. 

It was now time, Alice decided, to find new ways of measuring the 
children's responses to both pain and pleasure. To use drugs to calm 
their nerves and heighten the sensitivity of their skin making even the 
lightest spanking feel painful and real thrashings unbearable. 

New treatments would be introduced such as; the use of nettles and rough 
massage to awaken tired and flagging genitals. A journal and a detailed 
photographic record would also be kept, cataloguing the children's 
responses to the various treatments and punishments and used to show 
potential patrons who had been carefully chosen, in the hope of gaining 
their interest.
