Blood slid over once-golden skin in gleaming rivulets, droplets falling down to the scattered rose petals under the cooling corpse. Any other night, it would've been a mouth-watering sight, but just now Spike couldn't stand to look at any of it. He yanked his pants on and fastened his belt, then grabbed the cigarettes from the nightstand on his way out of the room. There weren't enough smokes to make this travesty better, and the only alcohol he could think about right now would never help him forget, no matter how much of it he downed.

Dammit, why wouldn't the memories leave him alone? He took a deep draw on his cigarette, then exhaled and watched the long plume of smoke spiral upwards, trying to find some semblance of calm in its lazy, twisting journey. It didn't work, of course, and he was left right back where he'd started, thinking about that one night. Just one night, one goddamned night out of thousands he'd spent with his sire, but that one night haunted him until he thought he'd go mad. The low rumble of his purr still stalked his dreas, leaving him aching somewhere deep inside when he woke up to the silence of his empty bed. He'd crawled into Dru's bed on more than one of those lonely afternoons, curling up around her and hoping that maybe, one day, he'd figure out how to make her purr as well.

“Did my prince enjoy his present?”

He hadn't, not really. But she was trying to help, so he stubbed out his smoke and summoned a smile before he turned around. “Couldn't have asked for a better one, luv.”

“You lie, my Spike. Your hunger is for a different kind of wine,” Dru chided him softly. “But Daddy's gone and only good doggies get to play with the pretty flowers now.”

“That's me... a good lil puppy,” he muttered softly. Trust Dru to put her finger right on it, and in the most humiliating way possible. But he certainly was her faithful dog, wasn't he? Had been ever since Angelus walked out and left them both to starve without so much as a backward glance.

“No, you aren't!” Dru suddenly vamped and hissed as she lashed out, her nails raking across his cheek. “You don't want Mummy's gift, not really. You want it sticky and sweet, with all sorts of pretty words that aren't ever for me!”

Fuck, that hurt! Spike gingerly touched his cheek, shaking his head slowly. He had to calm her down before she started screeching, had to keep her somewhat grounded or she'd end up spending the next three days in one of her spells. “Dru, it's not like that. You know I like your presents- didn't you see what I did with her, how much I enjoyed her?”

She glanced over her shoulder at the door to his room, then smiled as she looked back at him. “She was so sweet... did her blood taste like honey? The stars said it would.”

Relieved at the way her anger had vanished as rapidly as it had appeared, Spike quickly answered, “The sweetest, pet. Made all sorts of pretty whimpers, screamed a right treat, too.” He took hold of her hand and raised it to his lips, brushing a gentle kiss over the palm and frowning at the singed fingertips that caught his eye. Flicking his cigarette away, he cradled her injured hand in his and stroked her fingers. "Playing with the oils again, luv?"

"Miss Edith was ill," she murmured. "And there was no priest, not after Daddy ate him. But I couldn't remember all the words. They crawl around and scratch my throat all up."

Spike sighed. Drusilla had been administering last rites to her dolls almost as long as he'd known her, and nothing could make her stop, not Angelus' threats or Darla's sharp rejoinders or his own careful pleas. It was as though she were trying to complete the sacrament she'd never had, to give her precious Miss Edith the peace that Angelus had denied her. "Dru, pet, remember what I said about the oils?"

"They burn so beautifully," she purred, dark eyes shining like the stars she saw everywhere. "Such a lovely bonfire, my Spike. Like stars that sparkle and dance all over my fingertips."

He cupped her cheek, thumb stroking her skin. “I know, precious. But that's not the right kind of hurt, yeah?”

She didn't answer, her gaze drifting off over his shoulder to some far-off land that he couldn't follow, so he bent to give her a kiss on the cheek, silently promising himself that he'd replace the holy oils with harmless ones later. And when he figured out which minions kept getting the rosaries and such that she wanted, he'd string them up right proper, too. But that would have to wait- right now there was a girl to dispose of before sunrise.

Spike opened his mouth to explain where he was going, but a finger pressed against his lips to silence him. Dark eyes burned into his as her attention snapped back to him and then he was falling into blackness, plummeting down through a cold fire that snaked around him. His tongue seemed to swell in his mouth, words thick as he muttered, “The girl...”

“Let the others take care of her,” Drusilla crooned. “See me. Be in me.”

He stood motionless, staring into her eyes until suddenly he pulled himself back and shook his head. “Need to have Ryan see to the girl before she starts messin' the place up. Did you eat yet tonight, sweetheart? Have to keep your strength up, after all.”

“Tonight, before I brought your present home. He tasted like king cakes and cream,” she mused softly. “The stars told me yours would be blackberry wine... were they right?”

Spike snorted. “Tasted good enough- blood's blood, ain't it? Besides, you know there's only one kind of wine I want, pet. C'mere an' lemme have a taste, yeah?” He swept her up into his arms and headed for the bedroom, smiling at the way the mad tones of her laughter lingered in the sultry tropical air.