Hayley was a stunning teenaged brunette; she had a pretty face and an athletic body. She was 5'4" tall, and had deep pretty eyes anyone could just get lost in. For a young woman of eighteen years of age, she was fairly typical in a lot of ways, she liked magazines, fashion, popular books, and enjoyed watching typical shows girls liked and RomComs. Hayley went out for track and soccer and stayed in fairly good shape. Hayley was also a pretty smart girl and worked hard in school, and even held political views. Hayley was going to a prestigious local college the next year and wanted to study journalism.
She was popular, and well-liked, and a lot of the boys had a crush on her, she was still developing and was still a bit too anxious to make a move on boys, even when the signs were obvious. One of the sexiest things about Hayley was her accent, her family was from Australia and she lived there until she was nine, so she had an accent that turned on so many boys. The accent was slight enough--and most Americans can't tell the difference anyway--to make her sound more like Emma Watson than Eliza Doolittle, and Emma Watson was a very common source of many an erection at her school, not unlike Hayley.
Hayley was laying by the pool listening to pop music, her family had gone away and she elected to stay home to attend a graduation party hosted by some of her friends, many were going away to college and she wanted to see them. As she was sitting by the pool unclothed, working on a tan, finally someone came into her line of sight, a young man. "Pervert!" Screamed the nude teen, and she slammed her shin into the young man's balls, hitting them dead on. He fell to the ground and began coughing as Hayley ran back into the house. Hayley was really disturbed, and she noticed the young man was Charles, a fellow eighteen-year-old classmate and, one she regularly walked to the bus stop with, he lived across the street. Charles would actually also be going to a local university, but Charles was nothing like Hayley, bespectacled, socially awkward, in Model UN, and not all that athletic. Hayley liked him though, she could have a real conversation with him. She thought he harbored a huge crush on her--and she was right. However, was Charles really peeping on her? Was he that disgusting? Hayley went upstairs put on a bathing suit, flip-flops, and a robe and went outside to see him.
Charles was still on the ground, in the fetal position. Hayley smiled, she knew it was wrong, but it brought her some pride to know she could incapacitate someone that easily. She liked knowing she had that kind of power.
Charles looked up at her and tried to speak, but words didn't come out. He instead went into a coughing fit again.
Hayley sat down on a chair on the deck, she still couldn't stop smiling. She felt bad she hurt him so badly, but if he was peeping, he deserved it, and would probably get kicked again, "Hey, Charles, looks like I nailed you really hard. I'm sorry about that, I really didn't mean to kick that hard...." Hayley had a knack for rambling, "....I guess I went out for the right team with soccer, I'm good at kicking balls, oh sorry, let me help you up."
Charles was brought to some of the patio furniture and Hayley sat him down in a chair, he was still cradling his damaged nuts. "So why were you here," said Hayley in her sexy Aussie accent, smiling, her tone turned menacing, "trying to get a glimpse of me naked?"
Charles finally gained enough energy and in a somewhat high-pitched voice, that made Hayley giggle, he said "your dad wanted me to come over and shock the pool for him, and clean out the filters and stuff," he finally said, "feel free to call him."
"Oh!" said Hayley, "he didn't say anything to me. I guess it was an accident, sorry about your little nuggets, do they still hurt?"
"Yeah," said Charles, "they're getting better."
"Hang on a bit," said Hayley, she went and retrieved an ice pack for the injured man's nuts, "just curious, did you get a good look?" Hayley smiled teasingly.
"Uh, not really, I didn't notice you until your kick. I mean I saw you, but I didn't realize you were naked until it was too late to care," said Charles.
"Too bad, that's not going to happen again," said Hayley, "but I'll come close for you," she took her robe off, showing herself in the skimpy bikini, it was ceruleian blue and very tight. It showed off her fit body and her ample cleavage. Charles was speechless.
"Do you like it?" asked Hayley.
"Um, yeah," said Charles nervously, becoming composed, he also was surprised at how fast his erection had sprung to life again.
"Oooh! Looks like it's still going strong down there, despite my little kick," said Hayley. She was surprised she was being so naughty, this wasn't like her.
"Yeah, looks like it," said Charles, "I mean you're beautiful."
Hayley giggled, "so can we just put that kick behind us and forget it ever happened?"
"Um, sure," sad Charles, "I mean it wasn't personal, I get you reacting that way if you thought some guy snuck up on you naked."
"When I did it, I felt so empowered," said Hayley excitedly, "I never kicked a guy like that before, and I just felt so powerful, and I thought he so deserved it too!" Hayley was suddenly getting hot over it, she wished she could do it again, "Sorry, for discussing it, it just was new for me. Have you ever been kicked before?"
"Kind of," said Charles, "like when I was playfighting as a kid, but not recently, and certainly not that hard."
"Like I said," said Hayley, "I'm a soccer player, I'm good at kicking balls." She winked. What had come over me? Hayley thought to herself, and why am I so turned on right now, thinking about busting this guy's balls?
"You are taking too much glee in this," said Charles, kind of half-amused, half-scared.
"Sorry..." said Hayley. I am, what is wrong with me?, Hayley thought.
"It's okay," said Charles.
"I'm glad it's okay that I kicked you in the balls!" exclaimed Hayley, with excitement in her voice, she clapped her hands together. Hayley was shocked she blurted that out.
"Okay, you're starting to make me nervous," said Charles.
"I'm really sorry I hurt you, and..." Hayley really wanted to kick him again, "I get it if you're not comfortable, but I have to ask, can I kick you again? Pretty, pretty please? I'll let you see me, all of me. I have no idea why I want to. I don't hate you or want to hurt you, I just really enjoyed it, and it's hard to explain."
"Woah," said Charles, that kick hurt, but something about it kind of turned him on too. The realization made him uncomfortable, and he was chalking it up to knowing Hayley was naked, "I don't know..." said Charles.
"What could I do to sweeten the deal?" asked Hayley.
"I don't know," said Charles.
"How about I kiss you?" asked Hayley, "like a bit wet one on your lips."
"Hayley..." said Charles, "maybe I can sleep on this, it did hurt."
"Charles, I think you have a crush on me," said Hayley, "if you admit it I'll make out with for the next five minutes, if you promise to stay and think about letting me have fun with your balls."
Charles was getting super nervous and uncomfortable, but something in him made him decide why not, "I admit it, I've been obsessed with you since the day we met. Take your top off first," said Charles finally, "and put some real effort into it."
"Okay!" said Hayley, she promptly took off her bikini top, her supple breasts spilled out. They bounced a bit, but were firm and perky and didn't sag. Charles' erection grew and his eyes nearly bugged out of his head. Hayley could have whatever she wanted. She knew it and was enjoying using the power of her sexuality on her outmatched male counterpart.
Charles had never made out with a girl before, let alone his hot classmate Hayley, who he had harbored feelings for such a long time. Hayley had only made out with some random drunk guy at a party before, but with Charles it felt natural and real. Their lust was mutual and insatiable. They kissed long and deep and their tongues penetrated into the others mouth.
Charles and Hayley at this point were remarkably turned on, "well....that was amazing," said Charles.
"You can say that again," said Hayley, "ready for me to kick you in the balls?"
"Hayley, I appreciate what happened just now, but..." said Charles.
"I'll let you know," said Hayley, "that we would talk about me kicking your balls after we made out, you still don't have to accept. If you let me kick you, maybe we can make out more, many, many times more."
Hayley's amazing body, pretty face, loving and passionate kisses, and sexy Aussie accent was really a powerful combo on Charles. He was at a loss.
"Tell you what," began Hayley matter of factly, "I'm getting real wet thinking about kicking you in the crotch. But it seems unfair for making out to be the price. I mean, I loved it just as much as you dd. How about a handjob? Or a titty fuck? Your dick between my sexy boobs? Huh?" Hayley punctuated her statement by pushing her bare breasts together, "Don't ask for a blow job, I'm not that much of a slut for kicking you in the nuts, which is a speculative pleasure, anyway."
"Are you serious?" asked Charles.
"Yep. More make out sessions and a handjob and or titty fuck, if you let me have fun with your balls," said Hayley. She had a sexy and predatory look on her face, "I can tell you want to say yes."
Charles was torn between the incredible lust he had for Hayley and his need for self-preservation, but even the thought of this now topless Australian teenage goddess kicking him was starting to really turn him on, finally he spoke, "here's my counter-offer, you can't kick them as hard as before, you'd castrate me."
This elicited a laugh from Hayley.
Charles continued, "But how about this, if you promise to be gentle, I'll let you play with my balls again, and you can increase the intensity?"
"You drive a hard bargain," said Hayley, "I get to play with them until you collapse, and you have to do it honestly."
"Alright, and two more preconditions, you can't wear shoes, socks and stockings are fine as are barefoot, oh, and you stay topless," said Charles, negotiating hard.
"I'll go barefoot and bare breasted, said Hayley, but you have to let me see what I'm kicking, I'll have to see you for a hand job anyway, and no fighting back, just say 'apple' as a safeword," said Hayley, "let me know if it's too hard. I don't want to castrate you just yet!" Haley gave him a flirty wink.
"We've got a deal," said Charles.
"Awesome!" said Hayley, she lead him inside.
Hayley lead Charles into the living room, which had plenty of space, "strip." she ordered calmly. Charles slowly removed his clothing one by one, hesitating with his underwear for a short time. His penis was rock hard, both from the teasing of Hayley and anticipation of what's to come and his balls were a bit swollen.
"Are they normally that big, or did I do that?" asked Hayley pointing at his balls.
"I think that's purely you," said Charles.
"Looks like your little balls aren't the only thing swelling nicely," said Hayley giggling," your dick is rock hard!" By this point any inhibitions Hayley previously had subsided.
Charles had noticed his erection, Hayley's amazing body and exposed breasts were having an impact on him, and the notion this goddess was going to be wreaking some havoc on his balls he found oddly sexually gratifying.
"Alright," said Hayley, licking her lips, "Time to make scrambled eggs! Ready or not here I come!"
Charles was able to handle the first few kicks, knees, and punches quite well. Hayley kept to her promise to not hit too hard. However the pain grew bit by bit and finally he felt overwhelmed with the pain. He could see Hayley's sexy form and her bouncing teenage breasts as she giggled. He opened his mouth to say the safeword, but his voice was lost in his throat as her sexy teenage knee became lost in his crotch.
As Hayley proceeded to kick, knee, and punch Charles' balls she became increasingly aroused. She was on the verge of orgasming, when finally she yelled "Hi-yaaah!" and slammed her knee into the young man's crotch. Charles collapsed on the floor in a heap, and passed out.
When he came to, Hayley was sitting in a high chair above him, bouncing her cute foot crossed over her leg. She was casually sipping a Coke and fingering herself behind her bikini.
Charles groaned, but was turned on by this teenage beauty's almost entirely nude body over his basically nude body as well. He felt something cold. Hayley had fetched ice for his balls.
"Oh, there you are," said Hayley with her sexy Australian accent, "I guess I racked you really good, sorry about that."
"You promised not to go too hard," groaned Charles.
"Oh, you're fine, and still hard. That thing hasn't wilted yet," said Hayley matter-of-factly, standing up, "I'm pretty turned on too. Something about you on the ground at my feet, knowing I put you there pretty easily is just so empowering and sexy!" She said that last bit cheerily and brightly, then put her foot on his chest and flexed before putting her hands on her hips in a victory pose.
Charles groaned, but somehow it felt natural that Hayley was standing over him. She was a conquering goddess and he was her subject. Not changing her pose, Hayley tweaked his nose between her toes and said, "so ready to get your rocks off?"
Charles groaned, and said, "I'm not sure if I can."
Hayley looked very disappointed and stepped off the young man, "I didn't castrate you, I checked, and that dick is begging for release. Hmmm....." Haley began stroking the naked young man with her toes and he became increasingly erect.
Charles moans of agony were gradually replaced by moans of ecstasy. Although he said, "let me recuperate for a little bit first, then we can do this." Hayley went and got a pack of ice and helped carry him over to the couch, the two of them redressed, Hayley helping Charles, although he only put on his underwear due to the ice. Under the ice he became flaccid once again. Hayley cuddled Charles as they watched a little television together. They were watching a movie where the gorgeous female heroine was in an intense fight with a much larger man, and when it appeared he had the upper-hand she slammed her foot into his testicles.
"Ohhhhh!" shouted Hayley, "Nice! She got him good! Just like us!" She looked Charles in the face and gave him a playful wink. She wanted to bust him again so badly. Despite the ice, Charles was erect again. Hayley noticed and said, "are you turned on by this?"
"By what?" said Charles.
"The hot girl on TV kicking a guy in the nuts," said Hayley.
"I don't know," said Charles.
"Yes you do," said Hayley, "I'm turned on by it too."
Charles' erection grew, "That about answers it then," said Hayley, "It's okay. It'll be fun. You said you had a crush on me, now we have something we can have sexy fun with."
Charles wasn't sure what to say, but his erection gave away his response, growing even more.
"Hey, I want your honest opinion," said Hayley turning to face Charles directly, the TV was a far-gone memory, "that girl on TV would have lost the fight if it wasn't for the dude's balls, right?"
"Um, probably," said Charles.
"Do you think a girl could win a fight against a guy if she didn't use his balls?" asked Hayley, standing up.
"If she's stronger or the better fighter, probably," responded Charles.
"I think she could, I'd like to see that," said Hayley excitedly.
"Well, do you want to get a girl and a guy to fight?" asked Charles confused.
"Well, in case you haven't noticed, I'm a girl," Hayley rotated her hips while pressing her breasts together for emphasis, they nearly spilled out of her cerulean bathing suit, and " based on that bulge in your undies, you're a guy. Just because you're taller and older, I still think I can beat you," said Hayley excitedly, "and I will forfeit my right as a woman, to smash your balls."
"I don't know...." said Charles, "I'm still a little sore in the balls."
"Yeah, I got you good. Okay," said Hayley, "how about we wait until the movie is over, then if you're up to it, we can fight. And, how about if I win,--"
"You're not kicking me in the balls again," Charles cut her off.
"No, I was more thinking, if I win, you tell me if our little games with your balls turn you on, and if you win.....well, I'll figure it out....." said Hayley, naughtily, "I promise you'll like it."
When the movie was over, Hayley said, "how are your balls?"
Charles said, "better."
"So do you want to fight now?" asked Hayley, "I promise you'll like your reward if you win."
Charles wasn't sure if he could win, "I'm not sure, Hayley."
"Please! It can't be worse than me kicking your balls in terms of how much it hurts," said Hayley.
"Okay," said Charles.
They went into a nearby room where the furniture was spread out. In order to avoid any damage to anything in the room, Hayley grabbed four coasters and placed them around the room, creating a ring, "if you go outside that, you have to come back in, but that's a safe zone, "Hayley explained and removed her bikini top again.
The two faced each other. Hayley was a specimen of feminine sexiness, 5'4" and 110lbs. Charles was an awkwardly built guy, 5'9" and 165 lbs. The size difference was substantial, and Charles planned to use it to his advantage, then Hayley said, "ready, set, go!"
Charles charged Hayley, she sidestepped and then swept his feet out from under him, before she could climb on top, he was back on his feet. He swung a punch at her, she stepped back and easily dodged, before jumping back toward him and hitting him in the stomach with a punch of her own. Charles could not believe how much it hurt. He began keeping his distance, but Hayley swung a roundhouse kick just beneath his ribs, then punched him in the stomach again. Charles was frustrated. This Australian teenage goddess was destroying him and her hair wasn't even messed up.
Charles decided to change tactics again. As Hayley came at him with a kick, he blocked it. She charged at him to deliver another devastating punch, he pulled her in toward him and wrapped his arms around her. He tried to pull her down to the ground, but she wouldn't go down, no matter how much weight he poured on. He couldn't sweep her legs out. Hayley began twisting back and forth, she was going to break loose, she was too strong for Charles to keep his hold. Charles knew it and decided to release her quickly and give her a shove to the ground. It worked quite well. Charles tried to climb on top of the prone female warrior, but she rolled out of the way, and swept the larger young man's feet out from under him. He was on the ground, and Hayley quickly got on top and pinned him, bending his leg she said, "submit."
"I submit," said Charles quickly.
Hayley eased up, she then said, "haha! You got beat up by a girl, and she didn't even have to use your balls!" Hayley gently squeezed his balls playfully. She yanked down his boxer shorts, his genitals, including his rock hard penis flopped out. "Tell me you got beat up by a girl," said Hayley.
"I got beaten up by a girl," said Charles, his cock twitching.
"Who is stronger?" asked Hayley.
"You are, Hayley," said Charles, his genitals twitched again.
"Good boy," said Hayley, then she thought for a minute.
"And am I superior to you?" asked Hayley.
"Of course!" said Charles, and he believed it, his penis was at full mast and pre-cum emerged from that.  
"And which sex is superior?" asked Hayley.
Charles said, "Um....I....."
Hayley giggled and said, "do I need to squeeze your balls to prove it?"
"Girls are!" said Charles, he began dribbling pre-cum.
"Yup!" said Hayley, "now tell me, when I play with your balls does it turn my bitch on?"
"Yes, Hayley," said Charles, "I'm just embarrassed."
"Don't be embarrassed," said Hayley, "I love playing with your balls, and eventually you'll get used to the pain, and then it will just be fun."
Charles didn't know what to say to his sexy conqueror.
"Look," said Hayley arrogantly, "I'm pretty much your girlfriend now. That's right. There's nothing to discuss. You got turned on by losing to me in a fight and by me kicking your balls. We're perfect for each other. And I know you love me."
Charles knew she was right, but wasn't sure what to say, "you're so strong....and so sexy....you're amazing...."
Hayley laughed and kissed him on the cheek She waited for his cock to calm down then kissed her male subject tenderly on the mouth She continued, her tongue darted into his mouth and his returned the favor. Hayley grabbed Charles' hands and guided them to her breasts which he massaged.
After they broke the embrace with Hayley perched atop Charles, she said, "It looks like we both won, I think it's time you got your reward." She slid back and kissed the tip of his erect penis. Pre-cum dribbled out. She wrapped her hand out and began pumping. Then she caught it between her large breasts, until finally, she wrapped her lips around the tip, sliding down on it until it was inside her mouth.
Charles had never felt anything so incredible before. Hayley began to fondle his testicles, when he was about to cum, she squeezed his balls hand. He shot the most powerful and pleasurable orgasm in his entire life into her mouth. Despite the pain from her squeezing his balls, he loved it. He loved her too.
Hayley went up and stared into his eyes and went in for the kiss. Charles didn't catch on to her trick until it was too late. She ejected his cum into his mouth. The salty and disgusting taste filled him, She pulled back, covering his mouth with her hand, smiling sexily, and commanded, "Swallow."
Charles somehow got it down. "Sorry, I couldn't resist," said Hayley, she went to the soda can and took a swig and spit a stream of brown Coke into his open mouth, washing away the taste,
"That's better, right?" asked Hayley cutely.
"Yes." Said Charles.
Hayley walked over to a big comfortable chair, "come here," she commanded sweetly.
Charles ambled over.
"On your knees," said Hayley, "you have to return the favor." The bare breasted and athletic teen removed her bikini bottoms and Charles dropped to his knees and did not need to be told twice. As Hayley spread her toned legs he began taking big laps of her pussy. Hayley moaned in ecstasy as Charles continue lapping.
Hayley closed her legs behind Charles' head forcing his head against her, his tongue immediately darted inside her and increased her pleasure even more as he quickened his pace. Charles' entire world was black as his vision was blotted out by this athletic teen's pussy. Hayley's feminine juices began to fill his mouth, he was forced to swallow a lot of it and was having trouble breathing when Hayley finally let him go. He collapsed on the floor.
"Well, that was amazing," said Hayley. Charles laid on the floor, with large amount of Hayley's fluids all over his face, he thought about the blow job he got and being Hayley's sex toy. Hayley was in orgasmic bliss.
"Hayley?" said Charles finally.
"Yes, Charles?" said Hayley sweetly.
"Was that....your.... um," Charles was caught up.
"My first time?" asked Hayley.
"Yes," said Charles.
"I've given the occasional handjob, but never blew a guy, never had a guy eat me out either," said Hayley, "and it was better than I couldn't have imagined."
"Me too...." Said Charles, "Uh....Hayley....one more thing.....I want to know if you want to kick me in the balls again."
"Oh thank you so much, Charles," said Hayley excitedly, "I really do think you're the perfect boy for me."
The two nude lovers stood opposite each other and Hayley licked her lips, ran her fingers through her hair to get it out of her face, and drew her leg back and upon impact of the beautiful soccer player's leg against her boyfriend's balls, Charles' scream could be heard in the distance. Hayley, however, knew he loved it. She did too.