TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright c February 2004 By C.D.E. & Es2c, ALL Rights 
Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for 
profit.  This story may be freely distributed for personal 
use with this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(Cuckold, Humil, MC, M+/F, Male Fem, MM, MF, 
Inter, Impreg, FemDom, MDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ 
THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE 
READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE 
GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, 
PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, 
SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND 
OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES' MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE
Title: Dr. Judy: The Case File of Mark & Millie - 
(Part 3)

Authors: C.D.E. & Es2c

AUTHORS NOTES:

C.D.E.:  Es2c and I have finally collaborated on a tale.  
This saga of Dr. Judy's (a new character for both myself & 
Es2c) involves her encounter with Mark & Millie.  The story 
seeks to combine themes from my "Family Bonding" & "Mother 
Debbie" series, and Es2c's "The Group".

Es2c:  First. I must say it is a pleasure for me to finally 
work collaboratively with C.D.E. on developing a story that 
seeks to meld themes from both our fantasy interests.

NOTE:  This story is not designed to be a quick read, but 
rather to bring out subtle nuances of wry erotic 
humiliations experienced by the main character of focus - 
"Mark". Our goal was to purposely fill this tale with prose 
that would titillate those who are into mild FemDom and 
forced male feminization, and of course, cuckoldry themes. 
ENJOY!

Works of both authors can be found at www.asstr.org, look 
under authors (free site).

Abstract:
Mark and Millie, who are engaged, are having relationship 
problems.   They are seeking the professional help of 
Dr. Judy, a  Relationship Counselor, in an attempt to 
resolve their differences.  Differences that Mark believed 
to be un-resolvable, that is, until he came under the 
counsel of Dr. Judy and was subjected to her unusual 
therapies.

CAST:
Mark - Fiance/Husband
Millie - Fiancee/Wife
Dr. Judy - Relationship Counselor


PART 3 The Shocking Cock Lock & Other Things

EXCERPTS FROM MARK'S DIARY (CONT.)

Diary, finally, the talk got around to the strange, but 
apparently strong thin heavily plastic coated cable and 
plastic modules surrounding my waist and wrapped 
strategically around and about my genitals.

"Mark, and Ladies, this is the latest in behavior and 
attitude conditioning management as a supplement for males 
such as Mark undergoing PANSI Therapy.  It is small, 
lightweight and highly reliable.  Mark will not be hampered 
by it, as it will not impact any of his normal body 
hygiene, or excretory function.  As you can see, there is 
no encasement over his little prick in the lease.  It has a 
smart microchip that can detect when he is handling himself 
and will prevent that, if desired. It is an excellent 
device to prevent or control his masturbation.  That 
control will be in your hands ladies."  Spoke Dr. Judy with 
what I thought was a smug unprofessional expression her 
face.

Diary, as I listened to how the electronic cock lock 
worked, I almost started crying.  If I got an erection and 
sought to try and relieve it, whether by rubbing off or 
pulling my peter, the device would provide small electric 
shocks to deter me from doing so unless the holder of one 
of the remotes gave me electronic permission to jack off.

In addition, each remote was customized to each of the 
women in the room.  The key to activating the remote was a 
electronic fingerprint impression in a recess on the side 
of the remote.  There is also a voice code they had to 
speak into a small mike, on the front of the unit. So no 
matter if I got the device, or someone else, it still 
wouldn't work for them or me.  To make matters worse, even 
if I ran away, it had a built in GPS location system and 
was linked to the cell phone system, so that I could be 
given a behavioral electric jolt no matter where I was.  
Dr. Judy was very firm in her warning to me about trying to 
remove the device or not coming in to see her staff about 
replacing/recharging the batteries every two months. Her 
explanation of how my balls could be fried, if I did 
either, was enough to encourage me to never try to remove 
the device or forget to keep the batteries fresh or 
charged. 

Diary, after all I'd been through, I can't believe even to 
this day, that Dr. Judy used her device to give me a strong 
punishing jolt which cause me to double over.  Then about 2 
minutes after I'd recovered from that, she let all four 
women use each of their devices to give my balls a more 
milder, attention getting jolt, from their devices to be 
sure they had the hang of operating them. 

Overcome by the reality of what was happening to me, and on 
the verge of tears, I begged and pleaded with Dr. Judy and 
Millie and the others to have the device removed.

"Mark, sweetie, this is for your own good."  Spoke mother.

"Mark, darling, if you love me enough for me to become your 
wife, you'll stop whining and give your PANSI training time 
to work.  Plus, Mark, it's going to make me so happy to 
know that I'll be able to control when you can jerk off.  
And you do want to make me happy, don't you?"  Millie said 
with another bright smug smile on her face.  She was also 
fingering the red button on the small, pager size, remote, 
which controlled the jolts I'd been receiving.

I looked around the room.  There was silence.  I could tell 
by the looks on the other women's faces, they were hoping I 
would give Millie an opportunity to use push the button.  I 
knew I was beaten - both physically and emotionally.

"Y-Yes Millie, I-I want to-to make y-you happy."  I replied 
sheepishly as I hung my head.

"That's better Mark.  Don't worry, you'll have these 
moments of anxiety initially until you fully adapt to and 
become fully adjusted to being a truly PANSI male and 
husband."  Spoke Dr. Judy with yet another smug and 
unprofessional smile as she put her hand on my shoulder.

All of the electric shocks, mild or not, let me know I was 
now truly a PANSI prisoner and had been committed to be 
under the control of others, whether I wanted to or not.

I was ready for this day to be over.  I was sure that no 
more indignities could be imposed on me, even if the intent 
was to help me secure my relationship with the woman I 
loved. I was still wondering if the price I was paying for 
Millie's love might be too steep, that is, in terms of my 
self-esteem.

I assumed that after the ointment rub I would be allowed to 
get dress and then leave.  It was then that I noticed Dr. 
Judy and Millie off to the side talking.  They walked back 
toward myself and the group.

Dr. Judy spoke to the group.

"Everyone!  Millie has just informed me that she has a date 
with one of her "real men" studs in about a half hour."

Diary, Dr. Judy looked me squarely in the eye as she 
stressed "real men" and paused momentarily in her broadcast 
to the group.  I know I looked pathetic as I hung my head 
once more.  She continued speaking after she got the 
obviously desired reaction she sought from me.  The feel of 
the other eyes in the room was also on me.

"However, all this activity here has aroused her, and she 
needs Mark to perform Cunnilingus for her, so as to reduce 
her sexual anxiety and calm down her heated cunt.  She 
wanted to take Mark in another room and have him suck her 
pussy there.  However, I have suggested, and she has 
agreed, that he should do her right here while we watch and 
evaluate how well he does her."

Diary, once more I was surprised at such a brazen proposal.  
It would only further humiliate and shame me.  I was so 
dumfounded. I literally could've been pushed over with the 
proverbial feather.

"Yes, that's a great idea."  Cried out Aunt Monica.

"Super idea!  Yelled Millie's mother.

"Not only that, but he can give us all some tongue so we 
can all make a better, you know, first person assessment.  
Plus, I've been wanting to have my sweet Mark put his mouth 
on my pussy for some time now, every since I've found out 
he's been doing it for Millie."

There was a loud murmuring of agreement in the room on 
mother's idea.  Which absolutely flabbergasted and made me 
speechless.

"Why, that's a delightful idea."  Dr. Judy said in response 
to mother's idea.  "Your idea has so much merit.  Not only 
will it do what you said, that is give each of you ladies a 
first hand data, but it will also help in mother son 
bonding.  Which will further drive home to Mark that it's 
quite all right to be a mama's boy and still hold onto his 
mama' apron string."  Spoke Dr. Judy as she again stared 
momentarily upon my astonished face.  She had a sickly 
cruel smile that went way beyond smug, and eons beyond 
professionalism.

"Another benefit will be to reduce mother-daughter-in-law 
jealousy too.  In addition Millie, you shouldn't mind if 
your darling fianc here sucks his mama's pussy as well as 
other family members' pussies, you know, so as to keep his 
tongue and lips and mouth suction muscles in fine form for 
you, would you?"

"Oh no, you're absolutely right Dr. Judy, I wouldn't mind 
in the least.  You're correct of course, the exercise of 
those important muscles can only be good for our 
relationship and eventual marriage."  Millie replied to Dr. 
Judy's outrageous assertions.

I was so overwhelmed at the unreal atmosphere in the room 
and what was going on, I couldn't speak.

While standing there not believing my eyes and ears, Millie 
was shown to the exam table nearby.  In the back of my 
mind, I could hear Dr. Judy instructing her how to position 
herself for easy access of my head on her heated crotch.  
As I turned around slowly, I could see Dr. Judy positioning 
the stirrups on the sides of the table for Millie's 
beautifully shaped legs.  

Millie was waiting for me to kneel before the apex of the 
perfectly formed vee that was formed by her legs and her 
neatly trimmed pouting pussy mound, and slightly agape 
gash.

The sight was very appealing, even if horribly embarrassing 
in other ways.  Millie beckoned me toward her, and Millie's 
mother took my arm and lead me toward her daughter, all 
spread out and positioned to be tongued by me, before she 
went out on a date with one of her real men.

I was way too weak too resist, plus I already knew that it 
was useless to try.  In addition, Dr. Judy insisted I 
consume the rest of the herbal tea she'd brought in just 
for me, before I began my "mouth love' of Millie.  I did as 
she asked.

"That's right Mark, kneel down here and show my daughter 
that you're a good and decent fellow who just made a little 
mistake by saying she was a tramp because she has let so 
many men fuck her."  Spoke Millie's mom as she guided me to 
my knees before the expanse of her daughter's white fleshy 
inviting thighs.

Millie added to her mom's comments, as she laid back 
awaiting the arrival of my tongue in her heated muff.

"I forgive you Mark darling.  I can understand how you 
might've come to such an utterly erroneous and wrong 
conclusion just because I've had over 300 different dicks 
in my pussy over the last 10 years, or that I go out with 
groups of guys and suck and fuck their dicks soft.  Mark, 
it's just my nature.  Sometimes, I like to be the only 
woman in a group of men, and put out for them.  But don't 
worry darling, I really, really do love you and want to 
marry you.  You're very special to me.  Just knowing I'll 
be marrying a decent innocent virgin like you means so much 
to me sweetheart.  It'll be so good to bring my dick 
battered and overflowing pussy home to share with you, so 
you can soothe it with your wonderful loving kisses, licks, 
and sucking lips.

"I know I mean more to you than a cunt to stick your dick 
in dear.  That's how other men see me.  And I appreciate 
that of you Mark.  I know you really love me honey.  And to 
let you know how much I appreciate you Mark, I want you to 
know that since we have been dating and engaged, that no 
matter how many men have fucked me, you're the only one I 
let put his mouth on my frequently fucked and creamed-in 
pussy."

"Oh that's so romantic.  I'm telling you Mark, if that 
doesn't prove to you that Millie respects and loves you, I 
don't know what does."  My Aunt Monica injected after 
Millie's soliloquy.

"Now c'mon Mark honey, please lick my pussy.  I need your 
tongue lashing darling."  Spoke Millie with a sense of 
urgency in her voice. Simultaneously, her mother's hand was 
on the back of my head pushing forward to her daughter's 
very popular and almost public cunt.  A cunt, that many, 
many others have fucked and that I'll have to wait months 
to get my less than manly prick into.  In the meanwhile, 
I'm still in love with and attracted to Millie.  Something 
in me says I still should walk away from her.  But now 
after all I've been through, I still want to be near her 
and want to be intimate with her, even if only in this way. 
Actually, I don't have a choice at the moment, so I do what 
is expected of me.

"OOOOOOHH! Mark, your tongue is so heavenly.  That feels 
sooooo goooood." 

 Millie's moans filled the room as I settled my face into  
her attractive and neatly trimmed hairy crotch and let my 
tongue work over her heated sex meat.  It had been a while, 
but it felt so good to have my hands grasping her shapely 
soft bottom and the taste of her soft succulent fervent 
cunt meat under my tongue. 

Diary, her pussy tasted good, but yet a bit blander than 
the way Millie has fed it to me for the last few months.  
The reason was obvious.  She hadn't been freshly fucked and 
there was no semen flavoring. I hated to admit it to 
myself, but her used snatch spiced with spent jism had a 
richer, more full-bodied taste, than without it.

Even though my head was clamped between Millie's thighs, I 
heard all of conversation going on in the room around me.

"Your son is so happy to have his right head back in my 
daughter's cunt.  Why look at his little hard-on."  I heard 
Millie's mother said as she talked to mother.


"Yes, he is.  He's right where he belongs. That's why I 
persuaded him to go to Dr. Judy to work on rebuilding his 
relationship with your lovely daughter.  He's such a 
decent, mannerly hard working boy.  You'll have to forgive 
him for saying the things he did about Millie.  He's naive 
and inexperienced about the world and what's good for him." 
Mother replied.

"Mark is so lucky to have such an understanding mother who  
persuaded him to see me."  I heard Dr. Judy speaking.

"Thank you so much Dr. Judy.  A mother tries to do what's 
right for her baby." Was mother's reply.

"Mark is deeply in love with Millie.  He knows what he 
wants, but was slow to understand what necessary changes he 
had to make in the relationship, once he discovered Millie 
was as promiscuous and popular as she was with other men.  
But with the PANSI Therapy, he's already beginning to see 
things in their proper light.  In no time, you'll see him 
fully adopting the appropriate attitude for his rightful 
role in a long term harmonious role with Millie and her 
real men."

"Dr. Judy, you're a saint.  Thank you so much for your 
efforts and the interest and care you're taking with Mark 
to help him be with the girl of his dreams."  Mother 
replied warmly to Dr. Judy.

She and mother continued to discuss things that I only 
heard bits and snippets of.  Millie was starting to juice 
up quite a bit from my tonguing and mouth suctioning of her 
soft warm pussy meat.  And my slurping noise was 
interfering with my ability to hear more of what was going 
on beyond my ears. In addition, Millie was starting to bump 
and grind and scrub her now wet juicing pussy bush all over 
my face.


But I did hear Dr. Judy tell mother "Thanks to you, Mark is 
a very well mannered young man.  And you are to be 
commended for your masturbation management of him even 
though he's an adult. It's probably why he's still a 
virgin.  More mothers should have such foresight and 
diligence as you.  Then more girls like Millie could find 
decent, hard working, devoted, faithful, mollycoddled 
virginal fiancs.  Its husbands-to-be like Mark who make 
such excellent emotional helpmates to the Millies of the 
world, even if they need real men to take care of their 
other sexual needs."

"Why thank you, Dr. Judy, I've done my best for Mark. And 
you're right, I see your point about a vibrant girl like 
Millie and my Mark, who's such a mama's boy, do make such a 
sweet couple."

"And you're done a very fine job.  I can not praise you 
enough for keeping him under your thumb, attached to your 
apron strings and instilling the true spirit of being a 
mama's boy in him.  But in order to have him in full 
harmony as a PANSI male and husband, Mark's behavior has to 
be adjusted such that he is totally at ease with feeling 
inferior to Millie, and especially to her real men.  He 
must feel a need to be obsequious, even more than his 
unassuming sheepish self at present.  He must feel a 
newfound freedom in feeling this way.  He must see this as 
a lifestyle that allows others to use him for their benefit 
and pleasure.  He must understand that not only should he 
derive pleasure in being used, but he must also see it as a 
strong point of his character.  He must also be self-
confident, willing, and not show any reluctance to letting 
people use him for their sexual pleasure or other benefit." 

"Oh yes Dr. Judy, I will do whatever I can to make Mark 
well adapted and happy in his new role as a useful PANSI 
male and husband.  And believe me, I am in full accord with 
your philosophy concerning whippings being an effective way 
of fully stripping away false pride and superfluous 
feelings of grandeur and false importance.  I'm a firm 
believer in using the rod to maintain proper discipline and 
mental well being for those who need it, as well as for 
those who give the whippings."

"You're a wise woman.  Not everyone has the advanced and 
mature insight that you have.  That is, that the whipper's 
mental well being is benefited.  In most cases, the 
whipper's mental well being is enhanced, from inflicting 
whippings on a recipient, whether the recipient deserves a 
whipping or not, other than the fact that the whipper has 
the need or an urge to beat the recipient to satisfy the 
whipper's mental well being. 

"That is part of the reason that I'm prescribing 
monthly refresher whippings for Mark.  He needs to become 
desensitized to being whipped and accept that it's just 
part of his obligatory duties, as a loving husband and 
emotional helpmate to be lashed at the discretion and 
prerogative of Millie, or you or other family fems."

Diary, that's all I could hear clearly from mother and 
Dr. Judy, as they slowly walked away and continued talking.  
Also, Millie became nosier as her moans became louder.  She 
also began to furiously heave her shapely bottom off the 
table and even humped my face even more vigorously, as she 
got off with a series of short brief intense orgasms.

To my chagrin, the other woman applauded my efforts.  I at 
first was embarrassed, especially since I had an erection.  
But, I smiled and accepted that they all meant well.  After 
all, I did feel a certain pride in getting my fianc off in 
a way I now know I couldn't otherwise.

"Thanks, Mark darling.  You are the greatest sucker. Gotta 
run now.  I don't want to be late for my date.  But don't 
worry, when I stop by your place later tonight, my pussy 
will be nice and creamy, like you're use to it.  Actually, 
it will be extra creamy, since I will bring you more fuck 
froth that I have before.  So, don't eat too much at dinner 
sweetie.  Save some room for the creamy pussy pie my date 
and I are going to make for you."  Said Millie as she was 
composing herself.  I was still on my knees with the 
wetness of her pussy smeared across my face as she quickly 
blew me a kiss before she left.

As she left me there on my knees, I felt no shame or 
embarrassment at what had transpired.  I was rather mellow 
and contented at having pleased Millie, even if it was to 
take the edge off her horny-ness for her date with another 
man.  I concluded that what I'd done for the love of 
Millie, is the type of thing a real man would find 
difficult or impossible to do for the woman he loved.  But 
this was relatively easy for someone like me, especially 
after what had recently occurred to me in the last hour or 
so. In a strange surrealistic way, my ego was boosted to 
know I did something for Millie that her real men wouldn't 
do.

Diary, I noticed that my ass was not hurting near as much 
as earlier.  The ointment had worked wonders.  The pain was 
almost completely gone, even if only temporary.  Dr. Judy 
told mother it was to be applied every four hours.

After Millie departed, my Aunt Monica was hot to have her 
pussy licked by me so as she could begin her assessment of 
my tonguing efforts.  I think Millie's mother really wanted 
to be next, but she was a bit more bashful than my aunt 
was.

My aunt quickly pulled my head to her thick mature bush and 
urged me to get down to business pronto.  I did.  Her thick 
hairy muff bush was still attractive, even if there was 
quite a thicket of pubic hair there.

The taste was not as tasty as Millie's was, but still 
flavorful in any case.

My mouth and tongue were getting quite a workout, but I 
managed to get all the women off, including Dr. Judy, to 
their satisfaction.  And all gave me a good evaluation of 
how well I used my tongue, lips and sucking to appease the 
lust in their pussies.

Diary, I had eaten out Millie, Aunt Monica, Millie's 
Mother, my Mother, and Dr. Judy.  My mouth and jaw and 
tongue muscles were tired, but in a strange way, it did my 
ego good to have gotten all five women off with intense, 
rousing, and in all cases, multiple orgasms.

While I was eating the five hairy boxes, I pondered some of 
what I'd overheard mother and Dr. Judy discussing.  And the 
boost to my ego seemed to fit right in with Dr. Judy saying 
I had to feel self-confident and be pleased in doing what 
pleased others.

However, I wasn't angry with her or the women for having 
demanded I eat their pussies for their pleasure - not my 
pleasure.  Yet, I was very pleased at just having gotten 
them all off.

Another thing I had to contend with and for which I had no 
control over, was my own sexual relief. Dr. Judy made it 
clear. I would only be allowed to jack off every two weeks 
until further notice. She made sure I and the women heard 
her.

I was not only shocked at her pronouncement, but also 
embarrassed to hear her say this in front of mother and the 
other women, despite all the other things that had just 
happened to me. 

"Mark, it's important for your well being to abstain 
sexually.  That's why your jacking off has to be 
controlled.  You are so fortunate that your mother 
instilled in you the merits of masturbation to preserve 
your virginity until marriage and to save yourself for your 
future wife.  You are a good son for having followed her 
advice as well as having gotten accustomed to having done 
so under her surveillance over the years."

	"Thank you for your warm compliments, Dr. Judy.  I 
made sure that Mark always beat his meat off, rather than 
risk the loss of his precious virginity.  And I always had 
him report to me whenever he pulled his little peter."

	"Mark, you are indeed fortunate to have such an 
thoughtful and insightful mother."

"But before you say anything Mark, yes, you'll have a 
hard aching dick for a few days between the times you're 
permitted to masturbate.  However, PANSI Therapy requires 
you to have blue balls and suffer a bit with an aching 
throbbing prick.  I'm sorry, you have no choice but to 
accept this. Okay?"

I was too stunned to reply.  I just looked at Dr. Judy 
as I stood there with my still erect and already suffering 
prick.  Two weeks seemed so long, especially since it's not 
unusual for me to have to jack off twice a week normally, 
and more than that when Millie gets me all heated up.

"Your sexual suffering will help you appreciate the 
joy of getting off better, whenever you do get a chance to 
jerk off.  In addition, you'll be a better person for 
knowing that your sexual pleasure is in the hands of 
another.  Plus Mark, I want you to began accompanying 
Millie on her dates, especially her sexual outings, and 
especially her group sex parties where she's is the only 
woman having sex with the strange men there.

"It's imperative that you observe her juicy warm, raw, 
soft cunt meat being invaded and wantonly plummeted by 
strange throbbing dicks, while your prick is locked up, and 
aching and straining in your pants.  You'll find that your 
sexual suffering will only make you want her more, and love 
her more.

"And Mark, it almost goes without saying, that you are  
to eagerly suck her used, messy pussy clean of the lusty 
leavings of these real men fucking her.  Your efforts will 
also send a strong message to these men that you have an 
ultra love for her, and are willing to prove it, no matter 
that other better endowed men are fucking her and you're 
not."

Mother and the other women were silently nodding their 
heads, showing their total agreement with Dr. Judy.  With 
such total accord of those closest to me, I knew I had no 
choice but to resign myself to undergoing what Dr. Judy was 
describing.  Dr. Judy continued talking. 

"You'll find that as you place your head in her messy muff, 
soppy and gloppy with the numerous ejaculations of these 
real men, you'll find that your suffering aching little 
penis will enable you to focus your sexual energies to your 
mouth.  You know that this gives Millie the greatest 
pleasure as you clean her out.  She expects you to do a 
great job, and I know you will Mark.

"An another thing Mark, you're going to get an added 
bonus.  The bonus will be the delight of you tasting and 
consuming the abundant thick viscous gelatinous spent sperm 
that her real men will have deposited in Millie's hairy 
frothy gash. Your enjoyment of the relatively small amounts 
you've had to eat out of her to date, is guaranteed to 
ensure your delicious delight in feasting on fuller loads 
of the men's slimy, thick rich, creamy gobs of sperm in the 
future."

	"And Mark sweetie, because it's all natural and full 
of proteins, their jism, fresh from their balls, is 
nutritious for you too."  Spoke mother, in a motherly tone. 
As she smiled brightly and put her arm around me.

I said nothing, but a part of me was ashamed that my mother 
and the others knew I had ever admitted I delighted in the 
taste of spent dick cream in Millie's pussy.  However, 
another part of me was anxious to be intimate with her, 
even if I had to taste Millie's hot messy and ripe creamy 
hairpie, which I suspect would happen later that night when 
she came by our house.

Yes Diary, my mind was in conflict.  But with Dr. Judy 
being so adroit and professional in explaining why all she 
was inflicting and imposing on, was beneficial for me, I 
did find it difficult to fault her reasoning.

The repeated theme of that reasoning was that humiliation 
means happiness for me. That by nurturing humiliation, 
self-abasement, lowering my self-esteem, and delighting in 
being subjugated, Millie's love is guaranteed to be mine.

I did want Millie's love, so I concluded that I must also 
wanted what went along with getting that love.  

I remembered something Dr. Judy told me in our first 
session alone.

"Mark, it's going to be a challenge for you to meet the 
high standards of being the kind of fellow Millie needs in 
a husband.  You've got a good start, but you could lose out 
at anytime if you fail to continue to be strong at what 
you're best at being strong at.  Mark, your strength is in 
being servile, cowardly, accepting humiliation as normal, 
and embracing and not being ashamed of your inferiority as 
a man." 

As my mind came back to the present, I heard Dr. Judy 
advising mother, and the other women that they should not 
pass up any opportunity to feed me their cunts, when 
they're full of semen, as a result of their getting fucked 
in the future.

	Almost in unison, everyone committed to feeding me any 
gash fuck froth resulting from their having intercourse.

My nagging mental conflict that maybe I was paying too high 
a price for Millie's love, was still on my mind.  After I 
drank the last bit of herbal tea, as Dr. Judy had prompted 
me, the conflict seems to have taken a back seat in my 
mind. The last bit of tea boosted my existing state of 
being relaxed and very mellow. 


"Now Ladies, as you may have observed, Mark still has a 
firm erection of his little prick."  The women, almost in 
unison, softly chuckled at Dr. Judy's comment.

"Don't worry nephew, when you think back to all this, 
you'll laugh just thinking about how silly you were in 
thinking you could use it to satisfy a woman. What Dr. Judy 
is doing for you is good for you. Okay?" Aunt Monica said 
to me in a sincere and consoling tone of voice.

"Y-Yes ma'am." I replied softly, still hating that my prick 
was the subject of further ridicule.  

"As I was saying, Mark's penis has maintained an erection 
through out all he has been through today.  That is 
absolute testimony enough that he's quite satisfied with 
what we are doing for him is correct."  Dr. Judy said with 
an obvious tone of confidence and authority.

"Remember ladies, I need your support as I continue to give 
Mark his PANSI therapy treatments.  I'm counting on you all 
to assist, encourage, and provide him affectionate moral 
support, as I help him to become proud, confident, and 
secure with his un-manliness and becoming a well rounded 
PANSI male.  I also need you all to support, praise and 
remind Mark that humiliation at the hands of Millie and her 
real men, is not only very good for him, but will bond him 
closer to the woman he adores, loves and eagerly and 
willingly seeks to please."

The women applauded Dr. Judy's little speech and loudly and 
in virtual unison, promised to do what she asked of them.

Diary, all I did was stand by, with my prick still rigid.  
Nothing I could do could will it down.  I didn't dare touch 
myself because of the device, but also the wrath of the 
group.

"Also ladies, when and if Millie calls upon any of you to 
participate or perform Mark's monthly flagellation 
refresher, I expect you to put what's best for Mark in the 
fore front of your minds.  Don't be persuaded by his pleas 
for mercy until he has had his prescribed mix of lashes 
from whatever is prescribed for his whipping.  You'll be 
doing him a disservice if you fail to give him the full 
set, and forcefulness, of prescribed lashes. Okay?"

I shuddered, as mother and Aunt Monica led the group in 
indicating to Dr. Judy they would not heed my cries for 
mercy, and wouldn't shortchange me in any way, if called 
upon to be my whipper.

I of course hated the idea of monthly flagellations, but 
Dr. Judy did say I should have an open mine and trust her 
that I would find pleasures in the pain others inflicted on 
me, especially Millie.  She said that by taking whippings 
Millie gave me, I was in essence proving my love to her in 
a way none of real men could or were brave enough to do.  
It was so strange, but her words really boosted my ego and 
self-esteem, even if it meant receiving such intense pain.

As I thought about the whippings mother gave me on 
occasions, the only real pleasure I got out of them was 
when she stopped beating me.  However, after being beat by 
mother, there was a strange and, well sense of having 
atoned for whatever the offense was that I was being 
punished for.  The after effect was one of starting out 
again with her with a clean slate.  Maybe this is the type 
of pleasure and mental well being Dr. Judy was alluding 
too.

Oh well, Diary, I'd already concluded that it really didn't 
matter what I thought about becoming PANSI-fied.  Millie 
and mother, and the others had fully bought into it.  And 
with the shock cock lock on me, I didn't see that I had 
much chance of fighting city hall, so to speak.

Diary, before I left Dr. Judy's that day, I had to suffer 
another blow to my ego in front of the group of women, who 
even if they were close to me, it still cause me some 
degree of embarrassment, despite the relaxed, accepting and 
mellow mood I was in.

"Mark, as part of your therapy, and especially today 
because of your sore bottom, I want you to start wearing 
women's panties.  I'm giving you a starter complimentary 
set.  The soft sheer lacy material will feel much more 
soothing than those rough cotton briefs you've been 
currently wearing.  Don't ask any questions now, we'll talk 
more in our next session.  Just do as you're told now, 
that's all."

Diary, once more, I was to be shocked and dumbfounded.  
Seeing my utter confusion and the agitation on my face,
Dr. Judy took my arm and pulled me aside.  Still nude below 
the waist, and with an erection sticking out that I could 
do nothing about, I followed her into a distant corner of 
the room.

As we talked in a whispered hush tone, she put her arm 
around my shoulder.

"Mark, I can see by the look on your face that you feel 
like you've reached rock bottom in regard to your image and 
esteem of being manly.  If so, this is good.  But is that 
the reason for your downcast and shocked look and possible 
thoughts of refusing to wear these pretty panties?"

"O-Oh, Dr. Judy, y-you're virtually reading my mind.  P-
Please d-don't make me wear t-these..."

"Mark, these are not what you think they are."

"T-They're not?  T-Then w-what..."

"Sure, they are pretty and lacy and only made of fabric.  
But they represent far more than that when you slip them on 
and wear them.  They then become a symbol of your courage 
and audacity, to show that you have a different type of 
strength.  A strength that most, if any, real men have. 
A strength to be strong through what society would call a 
lack of manliness.  Now Mark, as part of our earlier 
discussions, you've admitted being called a pantywaist 
several times before, by both men and women.  Am I 
correct?"

I silently nodded my head up and down in response to 
Dr. Judy's question.

"Mark, you've also become less sensitized to being called a 
pantywaist as well as sometimes a wimp and a sissy too, 
haven't you?"

"I-I, er, w-well, uh..."

"I'll take that as a yes.  That's what your face is saying.  
Anyway, the important thing is that you do acknowledge that 
you meet the criteria of being a pantywaist or a sissy or 
wimp, since several people of both sexes have labeled you 
as such.  However, I've never heard you say once that 
Millie has called you any of those names.  Am I right?"

I silently shook my head side to side.

"So you see Mark, while others called you what society has 
defined as unmanly terms, you have been Millie's shining 
knight.  She adores you despite others have labeled you as 
being unmanly.  She has found a way for you to give her 
pleasure comparable to the way real men please a woman, 
even though you both know, you're not a real man.  You 
derived pleasure from the way she lets you please her, 
because your make up is geared to doing that for her. 
Nature prepared you for this.  Face it Mark, you're a 
pantywaist, but a pantywaist that has the love and 
adoration of a beautiful woman.  You know you don't want to 
give up or disappoint Millie.  If Millie can accept you as 
a pantywaist, why can't you?"

"Dr. J-Judy, y-you make things s-sound s-so simple b-
but..."

"Mark, things are simple for you.  It's time you stop 
whining and take action to be stronger in what society has 
labeled as your weakness and unmanliness.  Mark, your 
strength comes from being unmanly, non-confrontational, 
compliant with and acquiescent to others, especially to the 
woman you love. This is the only way for you to ever be 
contented with yourself.  You need to wear these as your 
badge of courage."  Said Dr. Judy as she held up the lacy 
pink feminine garment.

I just looked at them with a lump in my throat.

"Don't be afraid of them Mark.  It takes courage for you to 
wear women's panties.  You're a courageous person Mark, I 
know you are.  It takes courage to accept becoming 
desensitized to being called a pantywaist, sissy and a wimp 
repeatedly.  You're comfortable at being obliging, 
compliant, mild-mannered and, well in general, cowardly 
Mark.  These are positive attributes of your strength."

"I-I k-know that I-I'm not as strong as other men, b-
but..."

"But Mark, you have an inner strength at accepting what 
society calls humiliation and shame.  You should take pride 
in this.  You've shown bravery in the way you took a very 
good and, I might add, a very professional whipping, 
earlier.  I know you will be just as brave in the future 
for the subsequent monthly whippings you will be receiving.  
You were pretty meek in accepting that your cock and balls 
were under lock and key and were to be controlled by women.  
This too is an indication of your bravery in admitting that 
you were too cowardly to resist.  Further, you've made up 
with your promiscuous fiancee, on her terms, and have 
accepted that you will be faithful but yet will accept her 
current wanton unbridled promiscuity and future adultery, 
after you two are married.  This, despite that she'll be 
denying you up until the time you're married, and only 
allow you to masturbate for your relief, but will require 
you to suck her fucked cunt.  In addition, Mark, you'll be 
showing your love to her by draining and sucking the 
viscous ejaculatory deposits her real men make in her  
almost public snatch.  If that's not an outstanding example 
of gallantry, I don't know what is."

"I-I g-guess I-I've never thought of m-myself being gallant 
before."

"Yes Mark, you are.  You're a gallant, pussy sucking, semen 
eating pantywaist.  Put on your shield of courage and 
symbol of bravery. Make Millie, your mother, and the other 
women proud of you. Have confidence in yourself and wear 
these panties proudly.   After all Mark, what is a 
confident and brave pantywaist, without his pretty panties 
on.  Here, show me your bravery."  Dr. Judy said as she 
handed me the delicate lacy pair of sheer, pink, lace 
trimmed panties.

As I took them from her, Dr. Judy had indeed made me feel 
so much better and confident at the prospect of wearing 
such finery.

After pulling them up over my beaten and bruised bottom, I 
had to admit they were more attractive than my cotton 
briefs, despite the slight bulge of my small erect prick.

Dr. Judy walked me back to the center of the room. She 
further bolstered my new unmanly ego by applauding as she 
had me turn around to and directed mother and the others to 
feel how proper it was for me to wear them and how well 
they fit me.

"His little peter is so cute sticking out and causing a 
little wet spot because of his pre-cum."

"It sure is.  It's more like a clit than a prick."  Said 
Millie's mom, to which the group all chuckled loudly.

Accustomed now to the constant teased and ridicule about 
the size of my 3-1/2' prick, I could only smile.  I had to 
accept that it was indeed not up to the job of pleasing a 
woman such as my fiancee.  And after Dr. Judy's various 
words about how well I took humiliation, I was able to take 
this in stride even better than before.

"Well Mark, it looks like you have another name for your 
little peter.  I think it'll be good therapy for you to 
refer to it as a clit-prick. Okay?"

"Y-Yes ma'am."  Sensing she wanted an answer, I meekly and 
softly replied to Dr. Judy.  

"I'm so proud of you baby.  You look so lovely in panties." 
Mother said with tears in her eyes as she hugged me 
tightly.

"He's going to make you a fine son-in-law."  My Aunt Monica 
said to Millie's mother, both of which had watery eyes.

"Yes he will.  My Millie is so lucky to have made such a 
good catch."

"Yes she is.  Mark is going to make a fine, pussy sucking 
and sperm eating pantywaist husband and son-in-law."  Spoke 
Dr. Judy. 

 With all the women providing another round of unsolicited 
comments about my pussy sucking and the positive morale and 
confidence booster talk Dr. Judy had given me, I was now 
blushing with pride, rather than shame, at the accolades I 
was receiving.  It was indeed a good feeling to be 
complimented. 

After getting dressed, mother drove me home.  Despite the 
soothing effect of the ointment, I had to lie face down 
across the rear car seat, as my bottom was too sensitive to 
sit in the front.

As mother drove, she had only warm praise for me.  This 
comforted me somewhat, despite my sensitive bottom.

"Dear, your pussy sucking was superb.  You really made me 
proud of you as a mother to see her son with his head in 
the hairy bushes of five women and work so diligently to  
tongue lick and suck up the abundant pussy juice and please 
us all with your wonderful mouth.  It's too bad our cunts 
hadn't been fucked.  I think that would've been a welcomed 
treat for you and us. By the way, does Millie's pussy taste 
better fucked or un-fucked?  Don't be shy dear."

	"Mother do we have to..."
	
	"C'mon sweetie, where is your strength and confidence, 
you know it's good to you.  You're a sperm eater.  Admit 
it.  Be strong and confident.  Remember, you're a proud 
pantywaist."

	"O-Okay mother, if-if you say so t-that I have to be 
strong in these things.  I-I guess f-fucked is-is more 
f-f-flavorful."

	"That's a good boy.  There's nothing wrong with 
getting it out, just like you did with accepting and 
admitting you're a pantywaist. Doesn't it feel better just 
admitting to me you like eating better men's sperm from 
your fiancee's well fucked pussy than having it all bottled 
up in you and creating stress and pressure?"

	"Y-Yes, I-I, uh, g-guess so."

"Good!  But I want you to admit the same thing to 
Millie too dear, the first time you get a chance.  Okay?"

	"O-Okay, if-if you s-say so mother."  I replied to 
mother.  I also got up the courage to tell mother I did 
liked sucking her pussy.

	"I did too baby and you can count on having your head 
between my spread thighs many more times. Remember. Dr. 
Judy said it was good for you to suck mommy's pussy too. 
And son, the mere fact you're telling me that you liked 
sucking my pussy brings joy to my heart."  I could tell she 
was happy with me.  It was apparent in her voice. Oddly, it 
made me feel good to please and have mother's approval for 
something that was definitely unusual and something that 
before today, I would've considered perverted.  Now after 
having done it, it didn't seem so perverted or un-natural 
as I once would've considered it to be.

	For the next few minutes I brought up what I'd heard 
she and Dr. Judy discussing earlier, while I was eating 
Millie out.

	"Son, you have to be whipped for your own well being.  
It's just your nature.  It's best for you to be under foot, 
and chastised for your own good.  That's why I want to make 
sure that, one, you have a wife that loves you enough to do 
this for you.  I can tell by your tone, you're not fully in 
agreement with this, but you have to admit Mark, you are 
indecisive and wishy-washy, and in a word weak.  Am I 
wrong?  Tell me!"

	"Mother, I-I know it's hard for me to make quick 
decisions a-and that I'm not that strong, b-but..."

	"Don't even try to explain sweetie pie.  You have to 
face it Mark, you're a wishy-washy mama's boy. You're of 
marrying age, but you need guidance, control, and oversight 
dear.  And I believe Millie is the right woman to give it 
to you."

	"B-But mother, why c-can't we be equal partners rather 
than her b-being over me?"

	"Honey, sure marriage is a partnership, but in any 
marriage, one partner tends to be more equal than the 
other.  And that certainly is the case with you and Millie.  
She's more sexually experienced, has better leadership 
qualities than you, and she's certainly more decisive than 
you are. No son, it's much better for you to be the 
subordinate partner in the marriage.  You're a born 
follower and will do well under someone like Millie who 
will lead and help you be the responsible husband she 
expects you to be, and should be for such a beautiful and 
talented woman."

	"Mother, y-you're just like Dr. Judy. I just can't 
seem to get my points across w-without them b-being turned 
around a-and against me.  Sure I love Millie, b-but it 
seems as if the price is high for..."

	"Not a high price, but a bargain son.  Second, she's 
offering you a love that is priceless.  Where else could 
you find such a beautiful woman that is giving you the 
chance to be her husband, and all you have to do is be 
loving, adoring, devoted, obedient and do as she tells you?  
Besides that, she's found a way for you to sexually please 
her, that is mutually beneficial and ideal, despite your 
diminutive manly endowments."

	"O-Oh mother, I-I guess it doesn't matter what I-I 
say.  It-It looks like y-you and Dr. Judy a-and Millie will 
find a way to turn them around a-and make things sound s-so 
simplistic.  I-I guess the deck is-is stacked against me."

	"Son, don't sound so despondent.  It'll all work out.  
Just give Dr. Judy's therapy a chance and you'll see that 
it's right for you."

	"I-I just w-wish there was no pain.  Those whippings 
a-are going to be hard to get use..."

	"Just remember sweetie, no pain, no gain. Where is the 
courage you showed earlier tonight?  If you stop trying to 
be courageous enough to become stronger and more confident 
in your unmanliness, why I would assume that Dr. Judy might 
have to increase the number of whippings for you to, say 2 
or 3 times a month until you show promise of..."

	"T-Two or three!  N-No not that!"

	"Then sweetie, doesn't it make sense for you to do 
what it takes to make the therapy a success?"

	"Y-Yes ma'am."  I said meekly after a moment's pause, 
but the tone of my voice showed my feeling of being 
vanquished.

	"And as we've told you, Millie will be the perfect 
wife, overseer, and manager for you, just as you'll be the 
perfectly well mannered husband for her.  That is, after 
you get all the therapeutic treatments and training
Dr. Judy has planned for you."  

	I remained silent and said nothing in reply to mother. 
As I again seemed to mentally come back around to the same 
conclusion.  That is, that the only way for me was the way 
Dr. Judy and the women in my life wanted me to go.

	"Another thing son, your attitude shows that you're 
getting over the shame that I know you had before starting 
Dr. Judy's PANSI therapy.  I just know that her therapy is 
going to do you a world of good.  Why just look at you, 
willingly putting on and wearing such pretty lacy panties, 
not to mention your admitting you're a proud pantywaist.  
That's a very good sign of things to come.  Another thing 
is your acceptance of being worthless as a man and your 
committing to further enhancing yourself as a PANSI Trained 
male and husband.  These were good and courageous things 
for you to have done Mark.  Don't put yourself down for 
having done so, but have pride in yourself." 

Mother's praise did help me to recall the strange 
sense of courage I felt making the pronouncements she 
mentioned.  And that seemed to boast my confidence and to 
gird myself to weather the upcoming two weeks of 
abstinence, which meant I wouldn't be able to play with 
myself at will.

I remembered what occurred at Dr. Judy's office, when 
I had barely given my throbbing prick a good stroke.  That 
caused a warning light to flash on all the remotes that the 
women had.  It was an alarm feature indicating that I was 
trying to handle myself.  In addition, I got a very mild 
warning sensation of an electric shock.  Which was 
sufficient to make me lose interest in touching myself.  It 
also caused me to lose the hard-on I had.  It was still a 
mystery to me as to how the electronics in the device could 
tell I was stroking myself, even though there is nothing 
covering my cock. I felt truly as if I was under lock and 
key and helpless.  I knew I had to go along with was 
expected of me.

Well Diary, I guess thinking in that context was 
making made me feel more confident in the manner that Dr. 
Judy desired.  That is, that thinking positive and happily 
adjusting to conditions that others impose on me, was 
excellent therapy for me. 


COMMENTS BY DR. JUDY:

	As the reader can see, from a description of the 
events previously described, including entries from Mark's 
Diary, Mark and Millie are back together as a couple, with 
Mark well on the road to understanding the need for his 
PANSI Therapy. And based on his own observations, that 
subordination of his self for the use and benefit of 
others, especially Millie, and other family female 
relatives, is being seen as a positive for him.

	He also has accepted that he must keep an open mind 
about being whipped, and has accepted the inevitability 
that he has to submit to such for his own good.  In 
addition, it's clear to me that Mark knows that his mother 
is very much in favor of him receiving the monthly 
whippings I have prescribed for him.  Because his mother 
has done such an excellent job of training him as a mama's 
boy, Mark needs and wants to please his mom.  Therefore he 
has rationalized, and very appropriately so, that it is 
correct for him to be flagellated and deserving of the 
ensuing pain that results from such whippings. It's 
valuable for him to have experienced whippings at the hands 
of those that love him, because it drives home the point 
that they the resulting pain is good and necessary for him, 
because a loved one is doing the whipping.

	As a professional, it is so rewarding to see a patient 
accept what is good for him and to admit that he is 
worthless as a real man, as well as accepting that he is 
better off being a subjugated PANSI class male.  This will 
be a male who is at ease and totally comfortable pleasing 
others sexually, as well as who will be pleased himself 
with being used in the process.

	Also, I can't say enough good things about Mark's 
mother and her diligence in helping him find happiness and 
harmony in a marital relation, that's suited to the 
pantywaist he really is. In addition, with them both 
comfortable with him sucking her pussy, his mama's boy 
disposition can only be positively enhanced.

	Additionally, it's not popular with him, but he knows 
that he has to accept that his genitals are under 
electronic lock and key, and that Millie and the other 
women relatives are in control of his masturbatory sexual 
relief.

	At this juncture in his treatment, I saw Mark as 
definitely being ready to accept that his only concern is 
to be supportive to the woman he loves, and that loves him. 

My purpose was to get him closer to enjoy doing things 
in a subservient and obsequious manner, for the person he 
loves, while not worrying about what society thinks.

In the end, the result will be him understanding the 
special pleasure that comes from his willingness to degrade 
himself - that is, in the eyes of society.  But in his 
fiancee's eyes, it will be seen as a series of strong 
demonstrations of his love and commitment to her.

Mark has to understand, and accept, that abasement is 
ideal for his personality type, since it provides his 
fiancee a type of pleasure that none of her real men can 
provide her.  My goal therefore is to show him that what 
society sees as humiliation, is really his way to better 
cement the bonds of love between himself and Millie, his 
fiancee and wife-to-be. 

###End of Part 3###

Stay Tuned For Part 4
