Disclaimer: I do not own Yu-Gi-Oh or Dragonheart; they belong to their respective owners. I do, however, own parts of the plot and Kysen.

Warnings: Blood, character death

Chapter Seventeen: The End 

And, to allow peace to start,
The dragon was stabbed through the heart. 

Yugi crouched in the undergrowth, a hand resting on his borrowed sword, staring at the soldiers that ran forward under the cover that Lector and Rex gave them. He held out a hand to keep Ryou from rushing out with the rest of the group, his exuberance getting the better of him. Behind him there was a brief struggle as Bakura hauled his lover back into the shadows, his attention distracted as Kisara pushed through the undergrowth. She stopped beside him, resting a hand on his shoulder. He gave his cousin's lover an encouraging smile, sighing when Kisara returned the smile, but hers was somewhat shakier. She leaned over to whisper in his ear, "Can Paladin join me, or have you two figured something out together?"

"No." Yugi glanced back to where the small dragon was, waving the white dragon forward. Paladin grunted and complied, Yugi turning back to Kisara. "Please, take care of him."

"Don't worry, Yugi, we'll keep each other safe." Kisara gave his shoulder a squeeze before slipping back into the undergrowth, Paladin following her. Yugi kept an eye on the small group until a familiar roar shattered the air. His heart skipped a beat as he turned his head to see Atem take to the sky, stretching his black and red wings out wide, blocking the stars as he rose. He smiled as he watched the dragon soar over the trees before abruptly turning upwards so his shoulders slammed into Rex's stomach, making the dragon's flight wobble. Atem clawed over Rex as he continued to rise, tail slapping across the purple and brown dragon's face as he turned around.

There was a short roar from Rex before Atem let out a quick burst of flames before darting off, drawing the dragon away from the soldiers it was guarding. Yugi glanced at the castle before looking back at Atem. They couldn't start their attack until Atem had disabled the last dragon. Kisara would be working her way around the castle at this point, seeking a way in. Hopefully her group would take care of the few soldiers that were left with Gozaburo, but their main purpose was to get Seto out of his father's hold, securing another ally.

He yelped as pain erupted from his side, clutching the area as Ryou called out to him. Yugi waved the concern off, searching for Atem. His breath caught in his throat as he saw Atem plummeting away from Rex, the black and red dragon catching himself before he hit the ground. The prince winced as he saw the livid wound that ran along the dragon's side and close to the base of his wing. Atem bared his teeth against the pain, the motion of his wings pulling the wound wider with each beat. The dragon gaze a fleeting glance to where Yugi was before turning back to the gloating dragon above him, finally touching down on the ground as the pain became too much.

The prince shuddered at the flash of anger in Atem's crimson eyes. Now that Rex had hurt Atem and, indirectly, him it would be harder to stop the dragon. Atem was protective when it came to him, hating that he caused Yugi harm even when it wasn't his fault. Yugi rocked back at the growl that Atem let out, the black and red dragon tensing for a moment.

Atem pushed off the ground, using the momentum from the jump to lessen the stress of take off on his wings. The two collided in midair, Yugi gasping as the air was forced out of his lungs by the impact. The prince leaned over, coughing as he struggled to draw air into his lungs. Yugi shook his head and looked up, relaxing as he realized that Atem had gained the upper hand, the black and red dragon now holding Rex still in his grasp. The next moment Yugi was clutching his chest as Lector stood up and stabbed Atem. The black and red dragon snarled and batted the human from Rex's back, holding the purple and brown dragon still as they waited for Lector to hit the ground.

Yugi turned away, still hearing Rex's scream of pain as Lector hit the ground. He took the chance to move out hiding and waved to gain Atem's attention. The dragon blinked down at him, eyes widening as the prince shook his head. Yugi was sure that Atem understood what he meant by the motion; they didn't have time to play with Rex and make him scream for his own death. Yugi wanted to get Atem out of the situation before it came to that, it was easier when the dragons fought in the end, then the regret didn't register. Besides, Rex was already in pain, but the sobbing dragon was probably crying more for himself than the knight that he had allowed to ride on his back.

Atem tipped his head, pleading with Yugi to let him do was he wanted, but Yugi simply shook his head. The dragon looked down at Rex, heaving a sigh and tearing into Rex's throat. Yugi turned around, wincing at the screams from the dragon, one hand straying back to his side as the wound throbbed. And then, it all stopped. He jumped as Atem landed, turning around to face the dragon. The black and red dragon looked at Yugi before carelessly throwing the body to one side. There was a moment of uncomfortable silence before he spoke. "I'm sorry."

Yugi smiled and reached out to touch the dragon, surprised when Atem pulled away a fraction. He shook his head and rushed forward to hug the dragon, the suddenness of the movement making Atem tense. Yugi made a soothing sound, running his hands over the dragon. "I understand and I forgive you." He placed a kiss on the warm scales before pulling away. "Come on."

Atem gave Yugi a little nudge before taking off, both of them wincing as the wound throbbed. The prince motioned for his small group to follow him. Bakura was the first out, the thief pausing to haul Ryou out into the open. Marik extracted himself, still panting after his flight back to the group leading Rex and the soldiers into their trap. The pale gold dragon groaned as he launched himself into the air, his appearance to the peasants showing that Yugi was running for the castle. The prince gave a wave of thanks to Marik, which was returned with a lazy flip before jogging off after Bakura and Ryou.

Atem swooped low over them, holding out a hand. Yugi smiled and shoved Ryou toward the offered limb, Bakura already taking advantage of the free ride. Between the two of them they managed to help the poet onto the dragon before Yugi jumped up himself, holding tight to a bloodied claw as Atem flapped to gain altitude. The dragon circled lazily back to the battle, swooping lower over the scared soldiers before letting out a stream of dark flame, cutting off their escape before he turned and headed back to the castle.

Mahad glanced up as Atem made his pass, a reluctant smirk cross his face. He couldn't fault the dragon for that move. With the death of Gozaburo's knight and dragon the soldiers had begun to look for a way out. They probably saw that the odds had tipped in the peasant's favor and wanted to get the scale to tip back their way. Their first thought would have been to return to Gozaburo to act as reinforcements, which meant that Yugi would have had a harder time getting to the dragon. Satisfied, Mahad settled back into the battle.

Skillfully, the knight caught a blade, side-stepping to avoid a pike that came his way. Mahad disengaged with the man with the sword, stabbing him before swinging and cutting off the tip of the pike. The solider stared at his useless weapon in awe for a moment before Mahad sliced his stomach open, the soldier falling to the ground with a soft groan. He stepped away from the bodies, allowing a peasant to snatch up the sword and shaft of the pike.

He could see other peasants quickly picking up better weapons as the soldiers as they tried to get away. To flee from the peasants some were even throwing themselves into the dark flames that Atem had left behind. The soldiers had lost their edge when their leader had been thrown from his dragon, now struggling as individuals to get away from the enraged peasants. Mahad raised a hand to signal the dragon, ignoring the snort from the dragon as it swooped low, breathing fire onto the soldiers that remained. He shielded his eyes from the bright light, wincing at the sound of screams, but still not looking away. They had chosen their fates by siding with Gozaburo.

Mahad looked up as the pale gold dragon flew off into the night, circling back to continue to stay by the battle. He raised an eyebrow at the roll that the dragon gave, not impressed by the little show of joy. The dragon seemed to notice his look because it snarled and rose higher into the air, leaving the knight to supervise the rest of the peasants. He sighed and looked at the small number of soldiers left, all of them surrendering quickly as they realized that their comrades were no longer with them.

The blonde leader quickly made his rounds of the peasant army before bounding up to Mahad, looking overjoyed over their victory. The knight gave a smile while searching for a place to wipe his blade off, groaning as he finally slid it into his scabbard. It would just be bloodied again, so there was no use for cleaning it yet, it was just an ingrained habit for him. Mahad gave his scabbard a disgusted look before returning his attention to the blonde. The young man had calmed himself, but was now looking at the castle with eagerness. "We're done with the few down here. Now, do we go up there?"

Mahad nodded. It would take Yugi and his group time to get to the dragon, but they could still go up to the castle to act as reinforcements for the prince, and for Kisara when she freed Seto. Better yet, he could be sure that Yugi didn't spend so much time with that dragon. He glanced at the peasants, mentally dividing them up. First, they would have to take the few wounded and dead back into the camp, leaving them to the care of those too young or old to fight before approaching the castle or just split the group in two from the start; then the second group could rush to help Kisara since the woman was unlikely to be discovered with the main attack coming from the front.

"What about these men?" The knight looked back at the group of soldiers, shaking his head. He looked back up, not surprised that the burned man had joined the blonde.

"Kill them all. They'll just betray us in the end." Mahad ignored the sneer from the burned man as he pointed to the peasants, dividing them up into two groups. "You," he motioned to the blonde, "will come with me and lead them up to the castle. You," he pointed to the burned man, "will stay behind and take care of the injured and dead as well as our prisoners before joining us."

"Is it really necessary to kill them?" The burned man cast a compassionate look back at the soldiers. Mahad resisted the urge to yell, knowing that he didn't have the time to get in an argument with this man. But he still couldn't understand why this man would show compassion to the ones who had set fire to him, intending to kill him for helping Tèa. They hadn't even tried to pull him out, but the others in his village had, beating back the men until they could pull him from the fire. Why would one wish to let those men live?

The knight waved the burned man on. "Do as I say. They will cause trouble. They are loyal to Gozaburo and would endanger your new king."

Mahad turned and began to walk away, stopping when the blonde did not summon the chosen peasants or follow him. He looked back over his shoulder, jerking his head to show that they were leaving now. Reluctantly, the blonde called his group together, resting a hand on the burned man's shoulder briefly before jogging after Mahad. The knight stayed in place as the group ran past him, remaining long enough to see the burned man shake his head before striding back to the peasants. Mahad bit his tongue before turning abruptly and walking after his group.

He knew that the burned man wouldn't obey his orders in the end, which wasn't his problem. He was just here to help win this rebellion and take back everything from Gozaburo. And then he could set everything right, putting the right king on the throne and watch everything fall back into place. Perhaps he would even get the chance to train Yugi's son as he grew up, giving his knowledge to the next generation, passing on the oldest code of knights so that it wouldn't be lost forever. He brushed a hand over the pommel of his sword, wincing as he did so. He couldn't afford to think about that future now and be distracted by its brilliance, right now he had to concentrate on ending this before Yugi was hurt again.

Kisara snarled as she jumped backwards, one hand pulling hair away from her eyes. Surprisingly, there had only been a few men waiting for them when they tried to get in the smallest gate on the side of the castle, and they had been easily taken care of. The woman glanced up to where Paladin was carefully scaling the wall, the white dragon dropping into the courtyard soundlessly and hunkering down, nearly blending into the white stone. Satisfied that their look out was posted, Kisara gave Paladin's shoulder a pat in thanks before motioning for her group to follow her.

They reached a small door in the side of the castle, a useless piece since no one ever came to this side of the courtyard, but a show of Gozaburo's power. The king could put as many entrances to his castle as he wanted because there was no way that anyone could possibly get in. Kisara bit back a scoff at the thought of the king. His arrogance was quickly turning into his downfall.

She held the door open, ushering the group in before following after them, blinking in the dim corridor before jogging off. The peasants were on her heels immediately, nervously trusting her to lead them to the right place. Kisara held back her temper as they moved through the corridors, always heading down. Did they honestly think that she would hand them over to Gozaburo? Just because she had lived in the castle in the past didn't mean that she would automatically side with him. It didn't mean that anyone would side with the king. Only those that stood to gain anything could ally themselves with Gozaburo.

She jerked to a stop, flinging an arm out to stop the peasants. Kisara's eyes widened in fear as maids nervously darted across their path, one stopping as the other hurried on. Kisara felt her mouth dry suddenly, they had been caught. The alarm would be sounded and they would be taken to Gozaburo. Hopefully, someone would get out of here to take care of Mokuba, since they would be held to prevent Yugi from killing the dragon.

To her surprise, the maid just smiled and placed a finger on her lips before hurrying after her friend. Kisara leaned out to watch her go, stiffening as the other maid looked back, eyes lighting up before they both returned to their nervous conversation. Kisara pulled back, blinking rapidly in confusion. So the denizens of the castle were actually going to help them in this, keeping the information that there were intruders in the castle from Gozaburo. All at the risk of their own safety.

She shrugged, a gentle smile cross her face in thanks before she ran ahead. She followed the twists and turns to the dungeons, slowing long enough to fling back a door before rushing down the last set of stairs. Kisara bit back a curse as she nearly fell, freezing when she felt hands on her arms. She was about to struggle, not knowing who had gotten her in the dim light of the staircase, when she felt the person helping down the rest of the way; their hold on her diminishing to merely resting their palm against hers. Kisara turned to face her helper, eyes widening at the gentle stare of the dungeon guard. He gave a little bow to her, taking the keys off his belt before placing them in her grasp. "You be careful, Lady Kisara. How's young Mokuba doing?"

"F-fine." Kisara controlled the tremble in her voice, turning her head slightly to look at the amazed group of peasants that were waiting for her, still spread out over the stairs.

The guard chuckled. "That's good. Everyone has been missing the little guy lately. Doesn't seem as lively without him here." He gave her a wave, climbing up a few of the steps with peasants nearly jumping off the stairs as he passed. The guard snapped his fingers before turning around. "He's the last cell on the left."

Kisara nearly dropped the keys as the guard walked up into the upper levels of the castle, nervously licking her suddenly dry lips. She had not been expecting this when she had come to free Seto from prison. She had be expecting difficulties but not to be welcomed with open arms and wished well in overthrowing the king. She shook her head before fumbling with the keys and beginning to run down the small corridor, the peasants cautiously guarding the rear.

He must have heard the jingling of keys and her footsteps because she heard him stand up and the door creak as he leaned against it. "Have you come back to torment me some more, father, or have you sent that idiotic knight again?"

Kisara held back a giggle and fumbled with the keys, biting her lip as she searched for the right key. She let out a sigh of relief as she found the right one, fitting it in the lock and resting her hand on it, ready to turn. As she began to open the door some sixth sense told her to step to the side and she was glad that she had.

Seto rushed past her, his hands managing to catch around her waist before he let go, propelled forward by his momentum. When he realized that he had not captured the person who had opened his cell, Seto turned. In a mere moment, the determination left his face, his expression getting the closest he would ever allow himself to get to amazement before he rushed to pull her into a hug. Kisara yelped as he held her close, burying his face into her hair. She let out a laugh as she just relaxed into his hold, loving the feeling of her mate holding her again. "So, do I get a reward for rescuing you?"

Abruptly, he let her go, straightening out his clothes and striding for the stairs. "Who says I needed rescuing? I was just waiting for you to show up."

"Really?" Kisara rolled her eyes, following after him with a smile crossing her face.

Seto turned his head, raising one eyebrow. "Yes. Although I…appreciate your efforts, I was fine."

She laughed and rushed to her mate's side, her laughter turning into a glare as he pulled her sword from her, staring at the blade before shaking his head. "Poor quality steel, but it will work."

"Excuse me." Kisara gently pulled the sword from his grasp, enjoying the bemused look on his face. "But I will need this to back up your cousin."

Seto's eyes narrowed dangerously and he caught her arm. Kisara felt the light mood between them drop away. She turned to face her lover, titling her head to the side in a silent question, forgetting about the others who had followed her here. Seto demanded her attention now and he would get it. But Seto had not forgotten them, leaning in closer to whisper into her ear. "Have you thought about Mokuba? What would it be like for him to grow up without a mother?"

Kisara gave a weak chuckle and pulled him away far enough to place a kiss on his cheek. "I have enough reinforcements, Seto and I'll be fine. Besides, Yugi is just going after Akhnamkanon. Once he is dead than your father is dead and all resistance stops. The last of Gozaburo's knights have been killed so there is no one else to lead, Seto. We'll have peace."

Reluctantly, Seto stepped away from her, giving a stiff nod. Kisara glanced down at the blade that she still held in her hand, staring at it before passing it over to Seto. "But, if it will make you feel better…"

"It would." The reply was in a low voice, too low for the peasants to hear. Kisara nodded, sighing when Seto slipped into his usual cold indifference before walking with her to where the rest of the group waited. Kisara smiled in thanks at all who had followed her before scooting up the stairs and jogging back through the corridors, overjoyed to have her mate back at her side.

They slipped back in the way they had come, Seto grumbling about his father's arrogance as Kisara rushed over to where Paladin crouched. The small white dragon gave her a short nod before rising from his crouch and gesturing towards the sky with his muzzle. "Atem is coming. It's starting."

"No." Kisara reached out to touch Paladin's side, listening with half an ear to the orders that her mate was giving the peasants. "It's ending."

Yugi dropped easily to the ground, withholding a laugh as Ryou tumbled clumsily after him, fouling up Bakura's landing. The poet and the thief tumbled together for a while before coming to a rest in a tangled pile of limbs. The prince shook his head as he ran past, Atem landing behind them with a rush of wind. Unerringly, the dragon made for where they kept his father, turning to look at Yugi as the human rushed the final feet over, hands clenching into fists.

What Gozaburo had done to this dragon was unforgivable. It's scales were a light grey, white in places where the chain had rubbed, and had lost all of their luster. The dragon was very thin, bones easily seen through skin. Yugi took a stepped closer, shuddering at it took a while to find where the ambient warmth from the dragon began, too close to its body. Yugi bit his lip and looked up at Atem.

The black and red dragon had his head bowed, eyes moving quickly over his father and occasionally flickering up to glance at the castle. Yugi saw sorrow, rage, confusion and regret all running through the crimson eyes as Atem gazed at his father. Yugi swallowed nervously, turning his eyes away to let Atem have his moment. He looked over the stones in the courtyard before looking back at the dragon, surprised to see that it was awake now, staring at him with sorrowful brown eyes.

"So, you came back." The voice was weak and strained. Yugi flinched at it, too used to the strong voices of the other dragons.

"Yes." He finally managed to get the word out of his dry mouth, taking a step forward to rest his hand on the dragon's head. He managed not to jump backward as the feel of the dragon, holding back a shudder at the cold sensation under his hand. Yugi lowered his eyes, searching for something to stare at; anything but the dragon. "I'm sorry I could do it before."

"I have forgiven you, little prince." Yugi blushed at the nickname, the old dragon chuckling as he did so. "But I do have some questions before I die, but," the dragon nodded as Yugi opened his mouth to speak, "I will make them brief. Now, how is my son?"

Yugi glanced up at Atem, expecting the black and red dragon to answer for himself, but he shook his head. The prince tipped his head to the side, hand coming off the other dragon's head as he took a step towards Atem. His lover stared at him for a moment before nodding, finally looking back at his father. "I'm fine."

"Have you found a mate yet, or are you still allowing that Marik to influence your thoughts?" Yugi saw a sparkle of mirth in the dragon's eyes, the creature seeming to gain more life with the question. Atem came closer with that question, carefully arranging himself so that he was standing close to Yugi. The prince smiled up at him and rested a hand on Atem, silently supporting him.

"Yes."

Akhnamkanon's eyes flickered from Atem to Yugi before he finally nodded, skipping over the question that they had both been dreading. "Good."

Yugi watched the dragon's eyes close as the dragon heaved a sigh. The prince glanced at the chains that had the dragon down, suddenly wanting to get them off. He rushed over to one bracket, kneeling down to stare at it before be began to fumble with the metal. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Atem walk past, easily grabbing the next bracket down and pulling it from the stone. Akhnamkanon opened one eye and watched them work, taking in deeper breaths as the chains were taken from him.

As the last chain was thrown from the dragon, Akhnamkanon pulled his head from the ground, shifting to lift up a scale and expose the scar, the easiest way to get to his heart. Swallowing harshly, Yugi pulled out his sword, stepping around so he would have a clean shot at the heart. "I'm sorry."

"I did it to protect my son." Akhnamkanon looked over at Atem, who had taken a few steps back. At the mention of him, Atem looked up abruptly, a shiver running through him before he turned away again. "He was saved from my fate or the fate of the other dragons who were once here, may the gods save their souls. I have already lived a good life on this earth, it is time to join my mate."

Yugi nodded, shifting his grip on the hilt of the sword as his palms became sweaty. "I'll take care of Atem. I promise I won't let anything happen to him."

Akhnamkanon blinked before giving a short nod. "Thank you, little prince."

Yugi looked down at his hands, taking a deep breath before preparing to lunge. He was leaning forward when he heard the doors to the castle burst open. He spun back around, hearing a growl from both the dragons as Gozaburo rushed out, sword in hand. The king and Yugi stared at each other, Yugi freezing in fear. He could still remember that night…and the same sword. One hand reached up to clutch his shirt over his heart, shrinking back towards Atem as the black and red dragon stepped forward.

"I thought I killed you, brat. I stabbed you right through the heart and watched you bleed out." Gozaburo kept walking forward, ignoring the snarls that were coming from Atem. "So how can you be here? Unless…"

His cold gaze strayed to Atem, who spread a wing out over Yugi, still glaring at the king. Gozaburo nodded to himself and flashed Yugi a smile. "So that's it. You are just like me, Yugi." The king tapped his heart with a serious nod. "We were both chosen by destiny."

"Do it, Yugi!" Atem darted forward, lashing out with his claws before he took off into the air. Yugi ducked his head to avoid his tail, getting a glimpse of Ryou and Bakura as they rushed toward Gozaburo. He motioned them back, not wanting them to get hurt as Atem tried to defend him. The thief glared at him before pulling Ryou back, shoving the poet behind him. Yugi relaxed, quickly turning back to the dragon.

He was about to strike again when pain seared across his shoulder, making him scream and drop down to one knee. Panting through clenched teeth, he turned to see Atem limping away from Gozaburo, hissing as blood dripped from a large wound in his shoulder. Yugi whimpered, rolling his shoulder before using the sword to help him stand up. It was now or never.

He closed his eyes for a moment, taking a deep breath before opening them again. He found that Akhnamkanon was staring at him, a small nod exchanged between the two before Yugi jumped forward and shoved his sword into the dragon's heart. He expected a roar of pain or some sort of sound, but all that accompanied the action was a smile and a thankful look in Akhnamkanon's brown eyes as the dragon settled itself into a comfortable position, dying a moment later.

Yugi turned at the scream from Gozaburo, finding the man clutching his heart before tumbling over, Atem hovering over the man until he was sure that he was dead. Then, the black and red dragon limped back over to Yugi, glancing at his father before shaking his head. "I wish it could have turned out differently. I'm sorry I couldn't save you."

The prince bowed his head, glancing up at the sounds of people running over. He caught a glimpse of Seto and Kisara before the gates to the castle burst open, Mahad leading the charge in. The peasants immediately gathered around the fallen body of Gozaburo, laughing as they realized that they had won. Yugi saw Seto pull Kisara close to him as she tried to walk over to Atem, a slight shake of his head discouraging arguments. He was grateful to his cousin for that, which left Atem with a few moments more with his father.

Yugi moved over to his lover, resting a hand on his hide as he waited for Atem to respond. The black and red dragon finally sighed, lowering his head to look at Yugi. For a moment, it looked like he was going to speak before Atem just shook his head. Yugi gently rubbed the scales beneath his hand, staring up into Atem's red eyes. There were no words of comfort exchanged between the two, each lost in their own world.

He let Atem move away from him, turning to stare at his hands. He had turned into a dragon-slayer, it didn't matter that the dragon had asked for it in the end, it had still happened. It was worse that this dragon was special to Atem. Yugi looked up from his hands, watching Atem folding his wings around himself and tremble. This would tear them apart. Atem wouldn't be able to look at him after this, always seeing his father's killer instead of the one he loved. And Yugi couldn't blame him for that. He would always see himself as a dragon-slayer because of this.

Only then did Yugi realize that he had tears falling from his eyes, wincing as the sounds of celebration began, led by Mahad. He turned to glare at them all, hands clenched in fists by his side. Did they not care that an innocent life had been lost to gain their freedom? Probably not, after all, they could just convince themselves that it was just a dragon. Dragon's couldn't think, couldn't feel. Couldn't be loved.

They wouldn't see beyond the appearance of a fierce creature; they couldn't. It's how they justified their actions, created the little world that they lived in with humans at the top. And Yugi couldn't blame them for seeking a sense of security in a world filled with chaos, but he just couldn't think like them anymore. He couldn't understand his own people. He had been gone for so long, separated from them to keep himself alive that he could no longer connect with them, if he had any connection with them from the start. There was no way they would accept him as their king.

Yugi jumped as Atem let out a keen, the sound rising in the still night air. He looked back at the others, surprised to see most of them cowering at the sound. Couldn't they tell that Atem was mourning? He saw Ryou, Bakura, Paladin and Kisara bow their heads in respect, Seto following a moment after as he took in the situation. But no one else seemed to care. Mahad was even motioning for him to step away from the dragon. Yugi shook his head in a firm no, running forward to throw his arms around Atem's leg. The sound stopped for a moment before Atem dropped his head, allowing Yugi to hold him as tears rolled down his face.

Aknadin woke slowly, something pulling him from his long sleep. The black dragon pried himself from the ground with a groan, shaking himself and wincing at how weak he was. Carefully, he dragged himself to the entrance of his cave, collapsing half in and half out of the moonlight. He chuckled to himself, the sound raspy to his ears as the looked out over the land.

He had escaped them again, dodged the humans that were always trying to kill him for the honor and glory or for food. He was the last one alive, that he knew of. But that was from his last count about two years ago, the lack of adequate food having sent him into a long hibernation, which resulted in him waking up when his body had nothing left to feed on. The downside to this was that he was ravenously hungry and doubted that there was easy enough prey within a few miles, let alone a few feet.

Aknadin sighed impatiently, tapping a claw against stone as he turned to look at the hills, surprised to see the white castle rising from one of them, completed; which meant that Gozaburo had moved there by now, probably dragging his chained brother with him. He shook his head; that was his brother's folly, and not his to worry about. Still, he stretched and stood on weak legs, hissing as they wobbled, he could still visit him and see what he could do.

He hated the decision and not the dragon. They were still brothers after all. They supported each other through hardships. Akundin had only gone away when Akhnamkanon had ordered him to, taking the prudent advice that the younger brother had offered him. There was no point in rushing something that took careful work to undo.

Content with his decision, Akundin opened his wings, flexing them and glaring at the muscles as they didn't respond instantly. It was one of the things he hated about hibernating instead of traveling south. His mind remembered how his muscles had worked and expected them to be in the same condition. Annoyingly enough, they never were. He grumbled to himself as he flapped experimentally a few times before taking to the sky, growling at his stomach as it made itself known again. He would worry about food later. Just a quick fly over to check on his brother before he would hunt.

His nostrils flared at the scent of smoke in the air, eyes widening as he recognized the scent of fire produced by a dragon rather than natural fire, the former almost having a spicy scent to it. Aknadin gave a low grumble, looking down. He tipped his head to the side as he saw strips of burnt land below him, some bodies still left behind from where humans fought. But why would there be dragons helping humans? From what he knew there were no more left.

He circled over the area once, some part of his mind not accepting that this was true. There had to be a trick to it, or his senses were fooling him after being shut down for so long. Aknadin pulled away when he realized that it was true, there had been dragons here alongside of humans not that long ago. He landed in a clear spot, tail twitching as he looked around, glimpsing movement through the trees. Deciding it was unimportant, he looked up at the sky, snorting when he recognized one of Atem's friends flying towards the castle.

Aknadin took to the air again, grumbling under his breath as he did so. Did they not understand that it was too dangerous to be around humans now? Or did they all think that this was a huge joke. Aknadin's steady wing beat faltered for a second. Or what if that dragon was delivering news to Akhnamkanon, news that Atem couldn't deliver himself. While he didn't adore his nephew for his stubbornness, that didn't mean that Aknadin didn't love him either. It was just jealousy that Atem got to live while none of his own chicks had; and Atem seemed to have little to no care about life.

He flew faster, cursing his weak muscles. If something had happened to either of them…both of them…he didn't know what he would do. He was still reeling from the loss of his mate, and that had been years ago. Aknadin drew in a deep breath, trying to calm his pounding heart. He couldn't lose them, not the only family that he had left.

He turned his head curiously as the pale gold dragon that he had been following landed and started talking to the humans on the ground. Aknadin gave a snarl before turning to land on the opposite side of the hill. He didn't want anything to do with humans, not after what they had done to his brother. The black dragon snarled as he heard more humans inside the yard, curiosity finally winning over and he peeked over the wall.

A human with strange spiked hair was struggling to get up from the ground. Aknadin snarled and looked over, mouth dropping open as he saw Atem limping away from a second human, bleeding profusely from one shoulder. He was about to scramble over the wall to help his nephew when he saw the human lunge forward, striking his brother in the heart and killing him. Shocked, Aknadin dropped to the ground, breath coming in fast pants.

He wasn't going to try and trick himself into believing that Akhnamkanon wasn't dead, he had seen death too many times before. If he tried to trick himself, then it would hurt even more. He squeezed his eyes shut, trying to block out the horrible image. Akhnamkanon had been free, the chains gone from him. And Atem had been clearing his path to escape. Unfortunately some backstabbing human had been there to ruin the whole scheme. Aknadin shook his head as he felt tears begin to run down his face. If only he had moved sooner. His claws dug into the ground as he heard Atem keening, the sound breaking his heart and forcing him to his feet. He had to go comfort his nephew, tell him that it would be okay and they could get through this together. Atem was too young to be totally on his own.

Still fighting back sobs, Aknadin rose to his feet, craning his head over the wall. He tensed as he watched the human assassin walk over to Atem, Aknadin standing on his hind legs to get a better view as the human threw its arms around Atem's leg, holding on until Atem lowered his head. His mouth dropped open as Atem allowed the human to hug his muzzle close, holding the dragon as Atem continued to tremble. Seconds passed with Atem still allowing the human to comfort him.

And then the nagging at the back of his mind started, disturbing Aknadin. What if Atem hadn't been defending his father, but distracting the human that was coming to save him? What if Atem had been corrupted by this human, offered the chance to get out of his hated title by offering up another as a sacrifice? Aknadin had never seen the human that had held his brother captive, so he couldn't be sure that the man with the sword that Atem was fighting actually was the one responsible for his brother's condition. He didn't know too many things, which made him uneasy. Holding back a trill, Aknadin looked at Atem, tensing as he heard his nephew speak.

"He was my father and…What am I going to do without him, love?"

Aknadin felt fire tickling the back of his throat at his nephew's words. He had called the assassin love. He was going to a human for comfort, the same human that had just killed Akhnamkanon. Aknadin pulled himself the rest of the way onto the wall, feeling it shake even under his slight weight. He nearly laughed, the things that humans built were never made to keep out dragons. He opened his wings for balance, eyes focused only on his traitor of a nephew. Atem had allowed for one of his own family to be killed, and that was unforgivable.

Atem was the Morningstar. It was his duty to die for the dragons, to bring them into a new era with his sacrifice. Aknadin was just helping the process along.

He let out a screech as he launched himself from the wall, reaching out for Atem as the saw his nephew's head jerk up in surprise, the black and red dragon shoving the human away as he realized what was coming for him.

Please read and review. Criticism is always welcome.