Eve was raised in a Christian household and was taught by her mother how to behave as a Christian woman. She learned that a wife was subservient to her husband in all things, Sexual relations were not for the woman's pleasure but were a duty, and the wife was required to submit to her husband's desires at any time he chose. Her marriage to Omar was not actually an arranged marriage but in fact, he was chosen by her mother, who said he was a good Christian man and even had his own shoe repair shop. When he proposed to Eve, she felt duty bound to accept and that was that. Omar was ten years older than Eve and already she could see that he was aging by his thinning hairline and the softness showing around his middle.

Their wedding night was a disaster as both their inexperience was obvious and to make matters worse Omar finished before he could take her maidenhead. Panting, tired, and no doubt embarrassed, Omar rolled off Eve, turned over and went to sleep. As she lie there aroused and frustrated she realized her mother had been right about sex not being enjoyable to women. She put her hand between her thighs to feel the issue that Omar had spurted all over her. It had almost a creamy texture, she put a finger full to her nostrils but it didn't really have an aroma, then without thinking, she put her finger to her tongue. There didn't seem to be enough to taste so she scooped up another finger full and put it to her lips. It felt thick and viscous, coating her tongue, then when she realized what she had in her mouth she almost retched. She put her finger back to his mess and this time she slid the messy digit between her slit and up to that secret button, coating it with Omar's slime. She knew she was committing a sin for this was a forbidden place, a place where no Christian woman dares to touch. Ah, but the more she daubed on the better it made her feel and suddenly she convulsed from something she'd never felt before. After, she was filled with guilt and she swore never to touch herself there again, but it felt so good, no, no never again.

It took two more nights of her husband's bumbling before he claimed his prize of splitting her hymen and taking her virginity. His joy only heightened her dislocation as she felt she had given to him something he didn't deserve; even so far, that she now wished she had torn asunder her purity with some implement before Omar had the chance to do it. He looked so proud of the smear of blood on their sheets Eve feared he might hang it on the banister of their porch as they did years ago.

As days turned into weeks, and weeks into months it seemed that no matter how much Eve felt it was her duty to accept her lot in life she couldn't escape the feeling that she deserved more. One morning Omar came rushing through the kitchen on his way out hollering that he was late, no time for breakfast. When Eve saw his laptop on the counter, she grabbed it and went chased after him, but when she yelled for him, he courtly answered that he had no time for her and kept on his way. Back in the kitchen she lay the machine on the table and finished making her breakfast, as she sat there eating her curiosity got the best of her and she lifted the lid to see inside. She was never allowed access to his computer and had in fact, been told not to even touch his precious laptop. She looked and saw that he was still logged in and so she began to search through his files and bookmarks. There were some stock market sites; of course, on a shoemaker's salary they had no money for playing the stock market. A few sites on shoemakers as well, it all was so boring why did he care if she looked at all the stuff. Down at the bottom of the page was a site simply labeled 'HH' and she wondered who or what HH could stand for. The link read http://ahumiliatedhusband.blogspot.com/ and when she clicked the highlighted address, it turned out to be a blog going by the name of A Humiliated Husband. Eve was appalled by what she saw for it was full of posts of women abusing and degrading men in more ways than she thought possible. She noticed one of a woman wearing a housedress not unlike many that Eve wore and before her was a man stretched over the arm of an easy chair with his trousers around his ankles and his fanny glowing red from the strokes the woman was giving his behind with a belt. She didn't understand why her husband or any man would want to look at something like this. Yet the comment section below was filled with men saying how much they liked the picture. Then about halfway down, she noticed a comment sighed by a man going by Omar the Shoemaker. Could that be her Omar but when she read that this Omar wished that his wife would do the same to him as the one in the picture she knew it couldn't be her husband.

She had seen enough and closed the link but then she noticed a chat room listed as A Goddess and her boitoy;  http://agoddessandherboitoy.blogspot.com/ and after clicking on the link she found a box with an open discussion still active from a person named Housewife Goddess. It read, Hey shoe boi I hope you're following instructions today, if I find you're not wearing your wife's dirty panties there will be hell for you to pay. What was this woman saying, was Omar wearing her underwear? No way, but she had to find out for herself, Eve dumped the clothes hamper on the floor and sorted through until she found all of her underwear inside. As a Christian woman, Eve only wore white full cut briefs or as her mother always told her, Eve you're a big girl so your should wear big girl panties. It was all right there in front of her it had been five days since she did the laundry and there was only four pair of her underwear in the dirty clothes.  

She went back to the laptop and typed in an answer, Dear Housewife this is the wife of Omar and he is indeed wearing my underwear and without my permission. What should I do about this? She then hit entered and after a few beats she received a reply. Dear wife of Omar I think you should punish him for this, maybe you should make him take them off shove them in his mouth and then beat his butt to teach him a lesson. The mental picture of this made her giggle and yet why not, her husband had crossed a line and deserved to be punished for it.

When Omar got home that evening, he was surprised to find no dinner waiting for him on the table and his wife with her feet up watching television. When he started to say something to her he was shocked the way she put up her hand to silence him. When a commercial came on she finally turned to him, 
"Omar are you wearing my underwear?" and when he answered that he wasn't, she stood up and glared at him, "Don't you lie to me, drop those pants right now."
Eve was shocked by her bravado almost as much as her husband and she watched amused as he fumbled with his belt and buttons, then finally his trousers dropped into a puddle at his feet to show her panties stretched out of shape by his fat belly. Eve also noted that he was aroused proof of which was pushing her unders out in front. Eve wondered to herself if Omar noticed how similar her housedress was to the one pictured on the website.
"Hand me your belt, don't look at me like that, I said take off your belt."
She watches as he struggled to free the belt from all the loops in his pants but the surprise was when he fell to his knees in front of her as he presented her his belt.
"Lay your hinny over that chair," she ordered and after compiling, she pulled her panties off his rear and began hitting him with the belt. Each wallop encouraged her more, until finally; as his rump almost glowed, she relented and allowed him to stand. As he turned to face her, she saw the big wet stain in the front of her underwear. 
"Did you just discharge in my underwear?" She demanded but he was too humiliated to answer and merely hung his head in shame.
"Take them off, take them off right now." 
Omar had to remove his shoes and his pants before he could take the panties off but finally from his knees he presented the stained knickers to his wife. He watched as she turned them inside out and then ball them up,
"Open your mouth..."
"I won't do that..."is what he said but of course, the silly boy opened mouth to say it and Eve roughly shoved the messy panties in his mouth. Shocked the man reached to pull them out but Eve Slapped his hand away and so he knelt before her a beaten man. The next day Eve went out and bought all new underwear, no not underwear she bought new panties, the kind that would sent her mother into shock. Once back home she threw all of Omar's underwear in the trash and replaced them with her old drab ones. The next morning she lay in her bed as watched as Omar opened his drawer to get a clean pair, he stared for second or two but then picked up a pair and went to shower without saying a word.   

After that evening, Eve took control of not only her life but Omar's as well, including finances. If Omar put up a fuss when she would tell her husband about something she wanted changed, she only needed to mention his belt to get him to meekly comply. She began to go over the books of Omar's business; she noticed a lot of frivolous spending, so she went to the bank to change their checking account to where he could only write checks that were co-signed by her. It was there she met Marcy who complimented her on taking control of her husband's spending. She went on to tell Eve about how she ran her husband's life and how much happier they both were for it. Eve could tell that this was not a Christian woman; she swore like a dockworker, and even from where Eve sat, she could smell the cigarette smoke clinging to her clothes. However, Eve found she liked this strange woman and when Marcy invited her to lunch, she accepted with pleasure. Turned out that Marcy enjoyed drinking her lunch rather than eating and she guided Eve into the local bar by the bank. It was not only Eve's first time into such a place it was soon to be the first time she ever tasted liquor as the barkeep slid a libation in front of them that Marcy ordered.

Eve listened to how this woman ruled her husband and how he was made to do most of the housework, including the laundry. Maybe it was the drink or maybe just the ease that Marcy talked about it but when she said that her husband was required to perform oral sex on her every morning and night, Eve was more interested than shocked by this. She had always thought that a man putting his mouth to a woman's sex was an aberration, but to tell the truth it had been in the back of her mind ever since seeing it on her husband's naughty web sites. Eve told this stranger about finding out what her husband looked at on his computer and even him wearing her underwear. Eve realized the drink must have been having an effect on her when she found herself giggling as she told of buying herself new panties and giving her old ones to Omar. 
"I'm telling you Eve my hubby isn't even allowed to cum unless I give him permission." 
"But how do you know if he sneaks behind your back and. you know, abuses himself?"
"Oh yeah he use to do that a lot but now I got his junk caged up and he don't get out until I unlock him with this."
She showed Eve a key she wore around his neck as she kept talking.
"Not only is he now more attentive to my needs, with his cage he has to sit to pee and I no longer have to worry about him leaving the toilet seat up and him missing the bowl." 
"Oh Marcy this is all so new to me, I hope you'll let me call you for help."
"Sweetie I'd be glad to but you don't need my help, you're in charge of your life now, so just do what you feel like and if hubby don't like it too bad."
When she got home, her head was spinning, so she lay down to rest, and soon all the things that Marcy talked about were running through her head. Without even thinking about it, her hand had wandered down and was soon casually rubbing that magic spot. Oh yes she was going to have Omar kiss that spot and as she imagined how that must feel she had the most intense orgasm of her young life.

Epilogue:
The happiest Eve had ever been was one night after strapping Omar's behind to a bright red he fell to his knees in front of and thanked her for making is deepest fantasies come true.

Later that year after Eve's mother died, she was going through a lifetime of both junk and mementoes. How had she not noticed that her mother was living the same life as though her husband had not been dead for years? She was in his den and it looked exactly the same as it had when he were alive. She began going through drawers and cabinets separating into piles of keep, donate, or throw away. She found a locked box in her father's desk, curious of what was inside the box she got a larger screwdriver and pried it open. Inside were pictures of men with their behinds exposed and women with canes or whips standing beside them. Poor daddy if only he had confessed his desires to mother he may have ended up as happy as her Omar. 

