Author: mypenname3000
Title: The God's Passionate Love Book Two: The Thief's Passion, Chapter Four: Domination Through Submission
Summary: Stefan enjoys some sisters while Alloria finds a new ally to help her recover her stolen necklace!
Keywords: MFFF MF fantasy magic inc wife cuck exhib voy oral creampie bondage spank D/s

Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this.

Stefan Halian  Shevian, The Kingdom of Valya

The sisters, Kuzi and Arli, were ready for me. They lay on top of each other, their pussies at the edge of the bed, pressing together. Two shaved twats needing my seed to fertilize the mandrake seeds inside their cunts. The crops that they would plant, raise, and sell, prized by alchemist the world over.

My dick gleamed with Ahlona's pussy juices. I was fresh from her cunt. My angel's white wings fluttered as she moved onto the bed, crawling around them, her round breasts swaying. The glow around her head, the golden halo, shone bright.

Mmm, fertilize them, she moaned. Ram into them hard, Stefan.

Gods, yes, I groaned, my dick throbbing hard as I moved up to the two sisters' pussies. I lined up at them. This village was full of delights. 

What were their husbands thinking right now knowing their young wives were up here having a stranger fertilize their mandrake seeds? My dick twitched as I stood at the edge of the bed, lined up to fuck between those juicy cunts.

I went for Arli, who was on top. I pressed my cock into her snatch. I rubbed into her hot flesh. She moaned, squirming on her sister. They'd already devoured each other's cunt, putting on a display of lesbian incest for me.

Gods, yes! moaned Arli as I rammed into her pussy. I sank into her snatch, reveling in her tight flesh around my semi-divine cock. Oh, he is bigger than my husband. And yours! 

Oh, damn, gasped Kuzi. I knew it. Fuck her hard, Stefan! Than me!

He will, Ahlona purred, smiling at me.

I grinned back, thrusting away at Arli's pussy. The bluish-skinned Valyan woman squirmed atop her sister, her butt-cheeks jiggling from my impacts. My balls smacked into her sister's wet twat, cracking into her pussy lips. Both of them gasped and moaned, grinding their clits together, tribbing as I fucked them.

I savored Arli's married twat around me. Her cunt squeezed and relaxed, teasing me, drawing out my cum. I would erupt in her. I would pump her full of so much jizz. I groaned, thrusting away with powerful strokes.

I fucked her hard. Fast. I held nothing back. I wanted her to cum. Ached her to explode. It would be incredible. I gripped her hips as I plowed into her cunt. I slammed deep and hard into her. I buried again and again into her twat.

Oh, yes, yes! she groaned. That's incredible. Oh, I love it. Keep doing that to me. Keep fucking me hard. Fast. Oh, yes, yes, yes! 

I slammed into her snatch. I plowed into her with hard strokes. It was incredible to enjoy. I buried into her snatch over and over again. It was a delight to experience. An absolute joy. I rammed into her cunt. I buried into her snatch with powerful strokes.

It was so exciting pumping away at her. I fucked her hard. I slammed over and over into her, but I had the other sister to fuck. I had the other one to fertilize, too. I groaned and ripped out of Arli's pussy and shifted down to her sister's twat. I slammed into the hilt in her.

Pater's mighty cock! gasped Kuzi as I lanced to the hilt in her cunt, my balls cracking into her taint. My pubic hair brushed into Arli's shaved twat.

Right! gasped Arli. Sister, isn't he so thick.

Amazing! she moaned, squeezing around me.

Yes, he is, panted Ahlona. Pater's mighty cock indeed. My angel flashed me a smile, a joke between us. I held our father's prowess. 

I pounded into the depths of Kuzi's pussy. I buried into her again and again as my angel, dripping with my cum, moved before the two women's heads. She turned around, her back to me, worked herself backward. Her wings flashed as she pressed her ass into Arli face and planted her cunt on Kuzi's mouth.

The sisters attacked my angel. They were both licking at her. Kuzi's cunt tightened around my cock as she licked my jizz out of my angel's cunt. Arli had her face buried between the pale, ivory cheeks of Ahlona's ass, rimming her.

Oh, yes, yes, my angel moaned, her wings flapping. You sweet delights. Mmm, lick me while my Stefan fucks you.

Fertilize you! I groaned, thrusting harder into Kuzi's pussy.

She moaned into Ahlona's pussy.

It was hot to watch, Arli's black hair spilling about her head and the cheeks of my angel's ass. Her hips wiggled back and forth as I plowed into her sister's cunt. I rammed into Kuzi, my dick throbbing, aching.

I could fuck her married twat forever, but...

I pulled out of Kuzi. She moaned into Ahlona's pussy, sounding disappointed. I switched up higher and rammed back into Arli's tight cunt. She whimpered, a sound of pure delight, into Ahlona's asshole. Arli's twat squeezed tight around me, massaging my shaft.

My balls cracked into Kuzi's cunt. My dick soaked in Arli's juices. I reveled in it before I drew back and pounded her. I fucked her hard, the pleasure surging down my cock. I pumped away at her, the pressure building and building in my nuts, massaged by her pussy.

Oh, yes, yes, lick me! gasped Ahlona. Eat out all his cum, Kuzi. Mmm, you love that taste, don't you?

Yes! gasped Kuzi. He's leaking out of you! So good!

Her moans seized me. I ripped out of Arli's pussy, switched down, and slammed into Kuzi's cunt. My pubic hair rubbed into Arli's juicy twat at the end of my plunge. Kuzi's shuddered, her moans muffled by angel cunt.

I plowed into her for a few strokes, teasing us both. My cock drank in the friction before I was back in Arli's pussy. Her snatch held me. Massaged me. Pleasure flowed down my cock, the silky friction bathing my tip in heavenly delight.

It felt incredible to fuck them both. To enjoy them both. I went back and forth between the sister. I reveled in their tight grips. Their married snatches. They moaned and gasped, both savoring my cock plowing into their cunts for a few strokes.

Pound them, Stefan! my angel moaned, her wings flapping as she enjoyed their mouths.

Yes, yes, fuck my sister! groaned Kuzi while I pounded Arli's juicy snatch.

Fertilize my sister! begged Arli when I switched to Kuzi's delicious twat.

They were both so hot and juicy. I loved being in both sisters. I savored every switch from cunt to cunt. Every hot plunge to the hilt in one of their pussies before I fucked away for a few strokes. The bed creaked as the sisters squirmed on each other. Tribbed each other.

Ahlona's back arched. Her fiery hair danced about her shoulders. They were driving her wild. To her own orgasm. Her moans echoed through the room. Her butt-cheeks clenched about Arli's face. I loved the sight of it.

Oh, Gods, yes! Ahlona moaned.

Make my angel cum! I groaned and thrust into Kuzi's pussy. Eat her out!
Such a yummy cunt! panted Kuzi.

And you got your tongue so deep in me! Ahlona moaned. Just looking for the last of his cum and... Oh, Arli, work that tongue around in my asshole.

Arli moaned, her own pale-blue butt-cheeks jiggling as my crotch smacked into her. I ripped out of Kuzi's pussy and rammed into Arli, sinking into her married cunt. My balls smacked into Kuzi, the wet sound echoing.

My nuts were so heavy. So full of jizz the two sisters needed. All four of us were building towards our orgasms. Towards that screaming climax that would have us gasping and moaning and savoring the pleasure bursting through our bodies.

Yes, yes, yes! gasped Ahlona, her wings flapping. The Divine Spark's rapture!

Her halo flashed bright, a sure sign she'd achieved her orgasm. Her wings flapped hard. Her moans sang through the room. I groaned, ripping out of Arli's cunt and ramming into Kuzi. I fucked her hard while knowing she was drinking down a flood of angel cream. I hovered on the edge of my orgasm.

Pater's mighty cock! Kuzi howled and her married snatch convulsed. Spasmed.

She came.

I groaned as I pumped away at her snatch, massaged by the silky walls of her cunt. Her pussy sucked at me, needing me to fertilize the mandrake seed in her. I groaned at the pressure surging around my cock. It leaped to the fore. I shuddered, the ache incredible. I snarled and then thrust forward. I buried to the hilt in her cunt.

Erupted.

My cum fired into Kuzi's pussy. I threw back my head, growling, Slata's hairy cunt!

Yes, yes, yes, fertilize me! gasped Kuzi.

Don't forget about me! moaned her sister.

Yes! I shuddered, spurting three then four times into Kuzi's cunt.

I ripped out of her snatch, shifted up, my jizz splattering the sisters' twats before I slammed into Arli's pussy to the hilt. She gasped as my spunk flooded into her. I groaned, pleasure electrifying my body. Zapping to my mind.

Arli gasped, her butt-cheeks clenching, then her married twat went wild about me. Both sisters were cumming. My jizz filled her cunt, too. I groaned as I fertilized both sisters. My balls emptied them, the rapture crashing through my mind.

Creation's passion! whimpered Ahlona. Oh, yes, you two are such a treat.

Yes, I groaned, Arli's pussy draining out the last of my cum.

I ripped out of her and stumbled back into the wall of my inn room. I watched their pussies, dribbling in my cum, grind together. Ahlona fell forward, panting on the bed. The two sisters kissed and loved each other, sharing their rapturous delight while their mandrake seeds soaked in my cum. I panted, coming down from my pleasure.

I watched them until Arli rolled off her sister. She stretched, her round breasts jiggling. She smiled at me as she stood. Kuzi followed, the sisters snagging up their dresses as they headed to the door. They both flashed me sultry glances.

Thank you for fertilizing us, Kuzi purred, lips drenched in Ahlona's angelic passion.

Mmm, it was wonderful, Arli said. It's a shame you're leaving.

Yeah, I said. Tell the others no more. I need some sleep. I have a long day of travel. Need to be up early.

Don't we all, Kuzi said and laughed. Farmers wake up at the dawn no matter how late they've been drinking.

Our husbands are going to be drunk, Arli said. We're not down there to keep up on eye on them.

Small price to pay for enjoying that cock,

Both sisters giggled and then they slipped out.

I sank down on the bed beside Ahlona, coming down from the high of the foursome. She pressed against me, nuzzling in and kissing me on the lips. I held her as I let sleep take me. We had to keep pressing on to Raratha.

Every day we gained on the killer. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Illina  The Free City of Raratha

This was crazy, I told Barg when we were alone in our new inn room since our first was a blood bath.

We'd be leaving in a few hours. We should be sleeping, but how could I after that ambush? My mind reeled. Fox was dead. The halfling had wanted to keep me as his prized thief, make me a part of his harem whether I wanted to or not. He would have drowned me in debt to him and kept the promise of sending pain after me to keep me in line.

You knew they would not be happy, Barg said, stretched out on his back. He had his eyes closed.
 
But they wasted a fortune trying to kill us, I said. All of them were slathered in liquid shadows. For what, just to punish us? That wouldn't give him any financial gain.

They had just stolen half of Lord Korvan's fortune.

Still. I shook my head, my red hair dancing. That's not like Fox.

Barg sighed and opened his eyes. No, you're right. That's not like him at all. He must have wanted us dead badly.

But why? I studied my lover. We'd just gotten him half a fortune. Surely he couldn't blame us for it going wrong. Not when we were attacked by Kurg. And even if he did, he also attacked a Paladin of Lagu, too. What thief wants to do that? If he had killed him, how long before every paladin of the Law Goddess descended on Raratha to stamp out crime.

There weren't supposed to be many of them in the world, maybe no more than a dozen, but if you killed one, the rest would descend. Imagine having all of them in one place to punish those who broke the law. Only an idiot would have risked that, and Fox wasn't an idiot.

We're missing something, I said. What?

I don't know. Barg sighed. Does it matter now? Fox is dead.

It does if what we're missing is a threat that is still lurking out there for us. Ready to send more killers after us.

We're leaving Raratha in a few hours. Do we have time to investigate Fox's lair?

I want to get down there and search for clues. 

He sighed, That paladin isn't going to let you get far from him.

I touched my neck. I could feel the magical collar about my neck. The one Sir Bryce promised to remove once we left the city. Would he? Paladins of Lagu were supposed to never lie, but that was the sort of reputation that was useful to have so you could tell one at the right time.

Well, that didn't matter. I was bound. I had to stay close to him.

Try to get some sleep, Barg said, his eyes closing. We'll be on the road again. Hard travel, too.

I hate riding horses, I muttered and sank down on the bed beside my lover. 

He grunted and soon fell into sleep.

I couldn't find it. My mind wouldn't disengage. My thoughts were animated by the question: what had motivated Fox to spend that much money to try to kill me? He'd almost succeeded, too. Come quite close. If he hadn't split up his harem, and if Barg didn't have his senses, it would have been bad.

Then I frowned. No, he hadn't meant to split up his harem. He met to knock the knight out. I thought he just put the priestess out of commission with the chamomile vapor, but the paladin had resisted and attacked.

How had the paladin managed that? His connection to his Goddess. Something to remember.

I could think of someone who'd want me dead: Lady Alloria Korvan. My theft of her belongings angered her. I was glad I wore her necklace now. I would keep it until the day I died out of spite. It was just some jewelry. She must have had others. Plenty of them. 

Why did the few baubles I stole so enrage her?

Well, some people didn't like giving up anything. They were possessive. Irrationally so.

But how could she have induced Fox to go after me like this? I had just stolen half of her husband's fortune. He must be teetering on financial ruin, about to be pulled down by his enemies who sensed his weakness. He wouldn't part with the coin it would take to pay for one of the most expensive alchemical concoctions to outfit Fox and his women.

But who else in the city would want me that bad?

Over and over and over, my thoughts worked, the gears in my head tinking away as they processed the information. I couldn't find any satisfactory answer. Nothing about how Fox tried to kill us made any sense.

Let alone that he'd go straight for such direct methods first.

Finally, dawn approached. In the other room, I heard the paladin stirring along with the leywife who followed him around like a puppy. I rolled out of bed and stretched, Barg snapping awake. I dressed, wishing I had more weapons. Any weapons. I pulled on some traveling clothes I'd had the innkeeper purchase for me. I was done wearing togas. I slipped into a tight pair of leather pants and a tight fighting, linen shirt, sleeveless. I drew on a belt, lamenting no alchemical weapons or throwing knives. Barg donned similar clothing along with a wide-brimmed, felt hat to shield his eyes.

I had to do something about it. I needed supplies. 

Downstairs, we found Monica and Sir Bryce breaking their fast on fresh fruits: cantaloupes and grapes. We joined them, sitting down at the table. The common room was empty. The paladin glanced at us, not wearing his armor but a loose, linen shirt.

We need to make a detour on our way west, I said. Not much out of the way.

Why? he asked, blunt. 

I have to meet up with my alchemical supplier, I said. I need things to get into Cernere's Black Vault.

Like what?

I grinned at him. Trade secrets, I'm afraid. I can't be telling you, a law-abiding paladin how us thieves do our dastardly deeds.

Monica giggled.

Annoyance brimmed on the paladin's bluff face. Where do we have to go?

The Trades in the Ten-It Forest, I said nonchalantly. Not even really out of the way.

Out of the way? It's north not west.

Yeah, but it's in Valya, I added. I have to hook up with her.

And why is she with the elves? he asked, brow furrowing.

I shrugged. She likes girls with dicks.

Surely there is a supplier in Raratha that can furnish you with what you need.

But she makes the best substances in the world. None are better than her. I'm not trusting my life to inferior concoctions.

Sir Bryce let out a long sigh. Fine. But if she's not there, we do not have time to gallivant across the world. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Leywife Monica

My mind danced with illicit thoughts of Barg and his cock. How it knotted Illina. That was so different. I'd never seen anything like that. I'd only been with humans, never a barguest. He had intelligence, could converse with a refined dictation, but he was still a monster.

And I'd never thought about being with a monster before.

Illina enjoyed him. Thoroughly. The image of his cock sliding into her blazed in my mind. He filled her. Knotted her. It tied them together, holding them in a passionate embrace after they finished making love, Barg's arms around her. Holding her.

I sighed, shifting in the saddle of my horse, Blackfoot. My pussy grew hotter from that motion. My cheeks burned. I shouldn't be thinking about Barg. I had my knight. Sir Bryce made my heart sing. Whatever I felt for the barguest was just lust.

I glanced at the paladin as he rode beside me in his armor. Looking gallant. Strong. I promised to be faithful to him. I would keep that promise. Monogamy wasn't such a chore. There could be great pleasure found in it. A satisfaction of two beings united together, exploring their passion to the furthest reaches of pleasure.

Traffic slowed as we neared the northern gate out of the city. The sun was just peeking over the buildings on my right. Guards were talking with those coming and going. One was inspecting the back of a cart before waving them through while everyone leaving was handing over a coin. Paying some sort of tax to depart.

I glanced behind me at Illina and Barg. She looked lost in thought, her red hair framing her pale face. Her skin had that too-smooth look to it. Not quite human skin. It made her seem alien, and the Barg...

Midnight skin. Hairless. His eyes flicked to mine.

My cheeks warmed, and I jerked my gaze ahead. It was normal to have thoughts of men. To lust after them. Just, for once, I wasn't going to do anything about it. It was refreshing not to be a slave to my desires.

Yes, that was it. I was in control. I didn't need a thick, black cock fucking me and knotting me and making me scream my head off.

It's the paladin, one of the guards said. They were wearing bronze breastplates and helms with horsetail plumes. I heard about you.

Killed Kurg Widowmaker, the other said. And his pet bugbear.

I killed Kurg, muttered Illina.

I'm taking my prisoners and departing, he said. Is there an issue with that?

The guard glanced at Illina. Well, she's collared. So guess not. Lady Korvan won't be too happy. She was paying good money to keep us looking for her.

The other guard chuckled. Especially since she stole half her husband's wealth yesterday.

I have no idea how any of that happened, Illina said, a playful smile on her lips.

The guard scowled. For a prisoner, she seems... chipper. You don't even have her manacled, Sir Paladin.

The collar keeps her from escaping, Bryce said. 

You sure you got to be leaving? The first guard rubbed at the back of his neck. Heard you killed Fox and his wenches, too. That halfling prick's been causing all manner of problems. You could. Wipe out the whole rotten mess of the thieves.

Isn't that your job? asked Sir Bryce. Are the Paladin of Lagu the only ones capable of capturing criminals?

The guard shifted. Well, I mean, we got to guard that gate. That's other men's business.

Indeed. May we depart?

'Course, he said. Just need the egress tax and your own your way.

I pulled out the coins from a purse hidden in my robes and handed it to the nearest guard. He leered at me, his bluish nose wormed with dark-red veins. I gave him a polite smile. Sir Bryce heeled his horse and we trotted out of Raratha.

I had a lot of fun here, Illina said. Until that bitch Alloria started making issues.

You should not have stolen from her, said the paladin.

And where is the fun in that?

Selfishness is the corruption that festers in this world. It is the rot that weakens governments and crushes the commonfolk beneath the tyrannical weight. At the root of every crime is selfishness. The desire to please yourself no matter the cost to those around you. Yes, yes, you have all your rationalizations for it. 'They have plenty of gems. I have nothing. I need to survive, too. It's entertaining. What's the real harm?' All the lies you tell yourself to harm others to your own gain.

Everyone's selfish, Illina answered. Why should I be noble? Why shouldn't I take what I want?

And thus does the corruption spread. A mold that can never be eradicated. And why not, when we have Gods who promulgate such selfish desires.

Yep. Cernere's my role model. I got fingers just as nimble as hers and just as eager to purloin your stuff. You can continue to be the rock thrusting out of the river, Sir Bryce. The current has to part around you, for now, but it'll wear.

 you down. The world is the way the world has always been. You can go with the flow or you can be eroded by it until there's nothing left.

I shifted as Bryce shook his head. Maybe we can dam the river entirely. Stop it from destroying everything in its path. Just because something is difficult doesn't mean we shouldn't try.

Illina didn't answer.

I smiled and put my hand on the vambrace covering his wrist. I smiled at him, nodding in agreement. We were making the world a better place. We would save Pater and be an example to others on doing the right thing. On not being selfish. Maybe Illina would be inspired to reform her ways. Use her skills for different purposes. 

There must be many useful things to society she could do with her talents.

Soon, we were passing through the olive groves that surrounded Raratha. The vast wealth that the city floated upon: oil. The sweet liquid was traded the world over. Ships and caravans carried it to every land known.

Barg broke into a song. A deep and wordless tune. His baritone echoed around us. It was a song of love and loss. I didn't know for whom he sang, but the passion in his voice was stirring. Was amazing. I glanced back at him as the notes flowed from him.

His eyes met mine, hot with the memory of who he sang about. It was a personal song. He remembered something he'd lost. The intensity of his gaze shuddered through me. The heat quickened in my pussy again.

I snapped my gaze away and stared ahead of us even as the ache settled into my twat. I squirmed on the saddle, thoughts of knotting monster cocks filling my mind again. I gripped my reins, drew in a deep breath.

I wouldn't be selfish and hurt Bryce. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lady Alloria Valis Korvan

Yellia packed my clothing into the saddlebags while I squatted over the chamber pot, letting my husband's cum dribble out of me. I had to fuck him again to reassert my pussy's spell on him. He was objecting to me needing money.

Now he was docile again. Ready to help me one last time before I abandoned him to chase after Illina. I needed my necklace back. I rubbed my hands to my throat as the last of the cum spilled out of me.

I wiped with a silk handkerchief and rose.

A knock wrapped my door. I motioned to Yellia. My serving girl, wearing a toga of plain linen instead of her usual uniform of translucent silk, rushed to the door. She opened it and Swift strolled in. My Zeutchian toy had a hungry look on his face.

I have found the perfect person to help you, Lady Alloria, he said as he knelt before me. He stared up at me with those bright, blue eyes of his. A handsome, even beautiful, face. Almost effeminate, but too much square cut to his jaw for me to forget his sex.

Who? I asked as Yellia went back to packing. I sauntered to the plain toga she'd set out. Something more suited for traveling than what I currently wore. Illina had already left the city with that Las-damned paladin who rescued her yesterday.

A warlock named Kargon is in the city.

I blinked at that. There's one in Raratha? A shiver ran through me. Warlocks were dangerous individuals. Men or women who'd been found guilty of abusing their magic by the Collegiate Tower, the ruling body of mages. Warlocks had prices on their heads, wanted criminals in every civilized land. A year ago, a Warlock named Faoril had killed a master mage in the Saltspray Palace. Truly?

He arrived two days ago, Swift said. 

And why didn't Kurg higher him to go after Illina? Anger rippled through me. A warlock would have made short work of her.

Kargon and Kurg do not get along, said Swift. But Kurg's dead.

 A pleased ripple ran through me. I hated that Kurg had failed to bring me Illina, or at least my necklace, but I would never be sad that he'd died. The man had threatened to beat me to death several times. He hated women, so I believed in his threats.

Take me to him, I said as I held out the toga to Yellia.

She wrapped me up in the long bolt of cloth and adjusted the garment so it fit me perfectly. Then she tied the sandals about my feet. Swift watched, his eyes lusting for me. I wouldn't sleep with him until I needed to reassert the spell on him.

Ready, I left my house on foot, hurrying with Swift. We descended from the heights where my home lived into the bustling city. We threaded through the crowded streets towards the waterfront. The neighborhood grew poorer and poorer, but I walked on unafraid. I had Swift at my side. The duelist was a match for any thug who'd even think about robbing us.

We came to an inn with a sign of a mermaid out front her naked breasts large and cupped in inviting hands. It had no name, but I doubted that mattered. I mean, how many of the patrons could read? The common room was filling up, sailors and travelers, rough men all, drinking while buxom barmaids flounced here and there carrying drinks, taking coins, and being groped.

Swift glared murder at any man who even twitched a hand in my direction. 

He held a brief conversation with the proprietor. A man in bad need of washing his greasy hair and with a lazy right eye that kept wandering away from where he looked. The man scurried off and returned to report that Kargon would see us.

The sound of flesh being smacked echoed through the door to Kargon's room. A woman's moans, not of pleasure but of pain, bled through the door. I furrowed my brow and glanced at Swift. He shrugged and then knocked.

The door opened. No one stood before it.

A woman hung in the air before the bed. She had rich-brown skin, utterly naked. Her butt-cheek rippled as if something unseen spanked her. She gasped out in pain, her lush breasts heaving before her. Citrine eyes caught mine while her black hair swayed about her head.

SMACK!

Master! the woman quivered, her head thrown back. Though she moaned in pain, ecstasy crossed her face.

Her master sat naked on the bed. A Thlinian man with the ruddy-red skin of the eastern kingdom. He had short, blond hair that contrasted with the hue of his flesh and a goatee. He stood up to study us, a tall man. Lanky. His orange eyes flicked up and down us.

Swift, the warlock said, a smile growing on his lips, this the bitch that hired Kurg and got him killed?

Bitch? I demanded, arching my eyebrows. I stepped into the room, glaring at him.

The door slammed shut behind me. I jumped and whirled around, heart racing. Then I glared at him. I knew what had caused that. His magic. He could control the elements with his power, manipulating them in a variety of ways.

It was how he held up the woman and spanked her.

This bitch wants to hire you. I put my hands on my waist. I can pay you gold. A lot of it.

Hargone shrugged.

SMACK!

The woman groaned, her body shuddering.

Gold is such a... boring commodity. If I wanted to, I could rip it out of the ground, smelt it, and mint my own coins. Or I could just use Saniyya here. He grabbed her ass, reddened by his spanks, and squeezed.

She gasped and then a pile of gold appeared at her feet. I stepped back at the clinking coins. Swift let out a groan. Kargon bent down and picked up one. He threw the dupondius at me. I caught it in my hand, felt the weight. My eyes flicked to the woman.

What is she?

A djinn, he said. 

From the desert? I thought only efreet owned them.

Her efreet was killed. She was left to wander. Set adrift. I found her. Made her mine. Didn't I?

Yes, Lord Kargon, she groaned, her body trembling.

I knew of djinn. Submissive creatures. They craved being dominated. They didn't care by whom, just that they were owned. Invariably that was by efreet. The two races needed each other. A djinn could only bear an efreet's child. They were both children of Seljan, God of Commerce, and Vedr, Goddess of Weather.

A demigoddess floated before me.

Then the gold vanished for my hand, melting away. Djinn could create illusions. Powerful and beguiling magics. I stared at Kargon and then shifted my offer. I knew what would entice him. What I needed from him.

I lowered my gaze and said, I can be like her... Submissive to

Wind swirled around me. I gasped as I was lifted in the air, held beneath the armpits and around my waist. My head nearly brushed the rafters of the ceiling. He smiled at me, his magic moving around me.

I gasped as smoke burst from my cloth. Then my toga exploded in flames. The tongues of fire rippled up my body, lapping over my large breasts, kissing my pussy. I screamed before I realized I wasn't burning. The heat only tickled me even as the fire consumed my toga, the black smoke rising up into the air and then funneled out the window.

Swift cursed and drew his rapier.

No! I shouted before the warlock killed the idiot. I'm fine. He's just showing off.

Mmm, yes, Kargon said. He stroked himself. Then the djinn lowered to the floor. She knelt before him and engulfed his cock in her mouth as I dangled in place. Just taking a down-payment on the contract.

Take away, I said. I could endure this to get my revenge.

The air squeezed about my nipples. I gasped as he pinched them. The unseen force twisted my dark-red nipples. My large breasts jiggled from the force. My toes curled. The painful manipulation shot jolts down to my pussy, sparking a strange excitement in my cunt. A fiery heat burned as I squirmed.

Before me, water coalesced out of the air. It formed into a whip that then moved behind me. He smiled at me, the djinn sucking hard on his cock. She bobbed her head as the whip swished in the air. I squirmed, knowing what was coming next.

I would endure anything.

CRACK!

The whip landed across my ass. Both my butt-cheeks clenched beneath the burst of stinging agony. I groaned, my pussy drinking in the pain. I shuddered, tits heaving. The wind kept playing with my nipples. It twisted them. Twerked them. 

CRACK!

Pater's big cock! I gasped, my legs swinging.

Pussy juices trickled down my thighs. I groaned as the pain burned across my rump. The watery whip left another puckered welt. I squirmed and shuddered, groaning against the pain. I shook my head, breathing heavily, my tits rising and falling. 

CRACK!

Kargon smiled as he whipped me. He stared at me with such hunger in his eyes as he enjoyed inflicting pain on me. I didn't hold back my screams. I let them burst from my lips even as the agony fed the growing ache in my pussy. An itch that needed one release. 

CRACK!

The whip fell again, kissing a line of fire across my butt-cheeks. It crisscrossed the other welts. My legs spasmed. My pussy grew hotter and hotter. The sounds of Saniyya's sucking grew louder and louder. The djinn worshiped his cock, bobbing her head.

CRACK!

His eyes burned with hunger. He gripped her head as he stretched out my nipples further. My breasts distended. I whimpered. 

CRACK!

He released my breasts. They snapped back to my chest and then rippled with the momentum. My body spasmed, nipples throbbing with relief. I moaned and gasped and groaned. 

CRACK!

Gods damn! I screamed, the tears coming to my eyes now. 

His smile only grew. 

CRACK!

I bucked in pain again while he drank in the satisfaction of tormenting me. He thrust his hips forward. He slammed his dick to the hilt in Saniyya's mouth, pounding her as he inflicted agony on me.
 
CRACK!

My ass blazed with agony. My pussy burned hotter still. I wanted his cock in me. I wanted to fuck him so bad. You're going to love being in my cunt! I'll fuck you so hard. I'll ride your dick. 

He smiled.

SMACK!

A mass of air spanked my pussy. It hit my shaved lips. I bucked hard in the wind holding me. My tits heaved as the pain burst through my cunt. My clit throbbed. My toes curled. I screamed as the agony rippled through me.

Yeah, you will, he said, ripping his cock out of Saniyya's mouth. You're going to enjoy every second riding my dick, aren't you?

I will! I moaned, my body shuddering from the pain throbbing across my pussy lips. My cunt will melt your cock! You're going to love it... Master.

SMACK!

The air smacked my pussy again. The spank burst pain that transformed into pleasure. I spasmed, tits heaving. As I screamed out in agony, my orgasm burst through me. I came from the torment. Pussy juices gushed down my thighs.

Master! I howled out, surrendering to the rapture. 

Wave after wave of ecstasy washed out of my abused cunt. It surged through me. It drowned me. That wonderful passion rushed through my mind. I quivered there, tits heaving. I spasmed and bucked, my mind lost to the ecstasy. 

Oh, Master, I'll fuck your cock so hard! I gasped out, my pussy convulsing, aching to be filled by anything.

Even a man's cock.

Pussy juices flooded down my thighs. Darkness rushed across my vision. I shuddered and then realized I was moving. I blinked. He carried me to him. He sat on the bed again, his cock thrusting up, wet with the djinn's saliva.

Enjoy her cunt, Master, Saniyya moaned.

SMACK!

The djinn gasped out pain as he spanked her again. I shuddered through my orgasm, the pleasure dying down as he lowered me to his crotch. I spread my thighs, staring at his ruddy-red cock thrusting up from his blond bush. I licked my lips.

Yes, impale me on that cock, Master! I moaned.

He grinned at me as my legs slid around his. I straddled him. His cock touched my shaved, throbbing pussy lips. He rubbed his dick into them, soothing away the ache from the spanks. Then he released the magic holding me up.

I impaled myself down his cock and triumph burst through me.

His eyes widened. Gods, no!

Yes! I moaned, throwing my arms around him and hugging him tight. You feel it, don't you? The spell on my pussy.

Get off me! he groaned as I clenched my cunt around him. Las-damned bitch, get off of me and... and...

The look in his orange eyes shifted from fear and panic to surrender. To worship. I smiled as my spell began to work on him. I slid my pussy up and down his cock, gripping him with my twat. My hips swiveled from side to side, stirring my cunt around his dick.

He moaned in pleasure. 

You understand what will happen when you cum, don't you? I purred as I slid my cunt back down him, taking him to the hilt in my twat. The men usually didn't notice the euphoric half that would keep them in me until they came, never realizing it was more than the pleasure of my cunt they were feeling.

I'll be... bound to you, he groaned. Loving you. Wanting to please you.

That's right, I moaned, squeezing my cunt around him. I slid back up his shaft, sucking at him. The pleasure surged through me. And I'm going to make you pay for every last bit of pain you inflicted on me.

Yes! he groaned, stretching out on his back. Punish me.

Lady Alloria! I moaned. You're going to be my slave, aren't you? My little warlock toy who will do what I say.

Yes, Lady Alloria! he gasped, the euphoria swirling through him.

He stared up at me with that worship now. I loved it. I worked my cunt up and down his cock, I savored the feel of him in me. I squeezed my twat about him, enjoying his girth. He stimulated me. My juicy flesh drank it in while I reveled in my domination.

My big breasts heaved as I worked my pussy up and down his cock. I squeezed my snatch around him, massaging him, working him towards his orgasm. When he climaxed in me, he would be lost. He would be mine for years to come. 

And all I had to do was let him cum in my pussy. I could have my own warlock loving me for the rest of his life.

Once I had my necklace back, mine would be far, far longer than his.

You're going to cum so hard, aren't you? I moaned. You're going to spill your seed in me and become my slave.

Yes, Lady Alloria! he panted and thrust his hips upward, meeting my pussy sliding down.

I gasped at the burst of pleasure sparking from my clit impacting his pubic bone. I groaned, clenching around his cock. He moaned, his face twisting in pleasure. I rode him faster, drinking in the friction. My burning ass flexed as I fucked him. 

His eyes locked on my tits as they bounced up and down. He groaned, staring up at them with such hunger in his eyes. Then his hands shot out. He grabbed my big breasts. He groped them. Held them in awe as I rode his cock.

You're so beautiful, Lady Alloria! he whimpered.

You are, Swift moaned, rubbing himself through his pants. Can I...?

Don't even think about fucking my asshole! I hissed. Toys are lucky if I give them a handjob. I smiled down at Korvan. Once you cum in my pussy, that's the last one you're going to enjoy for a long, long time. Savor it.

I am! he groaned. Oh, I want this to last forever and ever, Lady Alloria, but I have to cum.
Oh, you do? I asked, squeezing around him. Even though it'll mean no more cunt for you for years?

Yes! he gasped. Just being in your pussy now is enough. Let me worship you with my seed.

Yes, yes, give me your seed! I moaned, slamming down his cock. I took him to the hilt, the friction rushing bliss through me.

He squeezed my tits. His fingers dug into my flesh as his face twisted in rapture. He groaned, eyes blazing. He thrust up again as I came down. I shuddered, the force bouncing me up his cock again. My own orgasm built and built.

I hovered at the pinnacle of his cock, and then I slammed down on his cock, taking him to the hilt. He groaned and then he erupted. His cum fired into me. I smiled as the spell enchanting my pussy surged into him. It gripped his soul.

You're mine! I howled as his jizz spurted hot into me.

Yours, Lady Alloria!

I came.

My pussy convulsed around his cock. The pleasure rushed through me. The waves of bliss flooded through me. I heaved on him. My large breasts bounced in his hands. Stars burst across my vision. My snatch milked his dick.

A man's cum flooded me and I loved it. Because he was mine. I would enjoy owning him. My back arched. I quivered there, my orgasm hitting that wonderful peak. My rapture burned through my body as he gasped out my name.

Oh, yes, yes, you are mine, I purred, stroking his chest.

Yes, Lady Alloria! he panted. He stared up at me with such hunger in his eyes.

And you're going to give her to me, aren't you? I said, glancing over my shoulder at his djinn. Your sex slave. She's mine now, right?

Yes, Lady Alloria!

I smiled in delight.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stefan Halian  Shevian, The Kingdom of Valya

You were getting pussy, Verdik snarled the moment he'd burst out before our horses, waiting on the other side of the village where I ordered him.

I was, I said to the goblin chieftain's shade. Let's go.

We rode down the road, Ahlona holding me from behind. Magistrate trotted as we passed the mandrake fields. I smiled at the sight of the plants poking up their leaves, their roots incubating in the soil. A woman was squatting over one furrow. She groaned and a woody egg fell out and landed in the ground. A fertilized mandrake root that would grow into one of the most valuable crops in the world.

I smiled. Soon, mandrakes I fertilized would be planted. The husbands of those wives would make money all while knowing I had fucked their women and made them cum hard. Those two sisters floated in my mind along with the other wife I'd fucked while her husband watched.

I hummed, feeling invigorated. The road stretched out before us. We were days away from Raratha. I could feel it. We were catching up with the criminal. I couldn't wait to wrap him up in my magic and deliver him to justice.

To be continued...
