Three Secrets
by write4joy

A woman displays herself and more.

The trailhead lay nestled in dappled sunlight. A pre-dawn drizzle coated the vegetation. We had enough provisions for four days in the mountain wilderness. Life was good.

Over two hours, we gained several hundred feet of elevation. No one was on the trail ahead of us. When we reached a small plateau, we pulled off the path and traipsed through the trees to a spot about 75 yards in, near a cliff edge. It was quiet, private, and serene. The clearing was just large enough for our four-tent campsite. As a bonus, a small eight-foot waterfall, fed by a hot spring, served as our camp shower.

The four of us had met a year ago at a benefit for a local charity. Garrett is a research physician working on a promising cancer drug. Tony owns an independent sporting goods store. He's an avid hiker. Spencer runs a boutique investment group. I'm a former nun turned writer of historical fiction. I've had one best-seller.

By noon, we had our tents up and the camp in good order. It was a warm day but not as hot as the valley below. The men were sweating from clearing the site in such a way that it could be restored to its natural state when we left. One by one, they removed their shirts.

"Would you mind if I took off my shirt too?" I asked. Without waiting for an answer, I lifted my tee shirt over my head and placed it on the log where I sat. They were all looking at my chest. "This bra just won't do," I said. I unhooked it, took it off, and put it with my shirt. They kept looking. "That's better," I said. Silence. I smiled. "Look all you want, guys. Actually, I like it when you look." They all seemed nervous.

Tony spoke, with a slight hitch in his voice. "If that's what you want, Pam, I'll do it." That broke the ice. We all laughed. Spencer and Garrett agreed to go along.

"Here's a secret," I said. "It took a lot of nerve for me to do this, in spite of what I just said. I've never done this before. Never. But it's been a fantasy of mine. Maybe I was repressed in the convent. Maybe I'm an exhibitionist. I don't know. But I felt this urge to show you my breasts. I hope I haven't screwed things up."

They were quick to tell me that it was okay. It was cool. They praised my courage to overcome my nerves. "Are you sure it's okay to look?" Spencer said. "We don't want to come across as sexist perverts. I assured them that I was okay with them looking at me and, for the next hour, they did, as we ate lunch and talked. Afterward, I needed to say something else.

"Part of my fantasy is being the only one nude among a group of people. Would you mind if I stripped completely?" This time, there was no hesitation in them saying it was okay. I stood up and removed my shorts and panties. They looked at my hairy crotch and said some nice things about how beautiful I was. "I have to tell you, this is thrilling. I'm excited and nervous at the same time."

"I'm glad you're feeling safe enough with us, Pam, to explore this side of you," Garrett said. He blew me a kiss. The others followed suit. I turned around slowly. They all clapped. I bowed to them and thanked them for being wonderful friends. Then, Spencer and Tony went off with their cameras to shoot the landscape. Garrett picked up a book. Being nude in front of them felt so natural, so right, so good. I crawled into my tent and took a nap.

When I awoke, I found them looking at the images Tony had captured. He and Spencer were good photographers. "Do you think, Pam, that I could take some photos of you?" Tony said. I thought about it for a few seconds.

"I don't think so," I said. "I can't afford to have nude pictures of me floating around the internet for eternity. Not that I think you would post them without my permission, Tony, but I can't take any chances of a slip up." He seemed disappointed, but he said he understood. Then it struck me.

"What?" he said, noticing my thoughtful expression.

"I'll pose for you, if you use my camera. That way, I have control of the memory card."

"Deal," he said. And so, for the next half hour, I posed nude for Tony. The others watched as he told me how to position my body. I was getting turned on. His shots weren't pornographic, but they were sexy. When he said he was finished, I said I wanted a few more.

"Take a few of the three of us," I said, beckoning Spencer and Garrett to join me. I stood in the middle and put my arms around their waists. Tony raised my camera to his eye and clicked off a couple of images. "Will you cup my breasts?" I said to them.Their hands were warm. "Pinch my nipples," I directed. They did and Tony got it all. I couldn't help myself; I wanted more. So, I had them sit down on a blanket with me in the middle.

"What do you want us to do?" Spencer said.

"Keep doing what you did when we were standing." Again, they cupped my breasts and lightly pinched my nipples. I opened my legs. "I want to get myself off with you next to me. I want Tony to photograph it. Keep their faces out of the frame, Tony. God! This is a fantasy come true!" And, in short order, I came. Hard. My body shook. Garrett held me until my orgasm subsided. Then he and Spencer helped me up. I thanked them profusely. Later, as we ate by lantern light, we talked about my exhibitionism, my desire to be seen. In the cool of the evening, I slept soundly.

We were all up early. Spencer shared an exotic fruit he'd brought. Tony went off to shoot the last of the sunrise. Garrett and I tidied up the camp site. I remained the only one nude.

Toward midday, I had something to say. "I have another secret," I said, "another fantasy. See those two trees over there? I would like to be tied spread-eagled to them for an hour or so. I want to submit to whatever you want to do to me. Just don't hurt me."

"That's more than just being nude in front of us," Spencer said. "Why do you want to do that?"

"I'm a strong, independent woman. I do what I want. Sometimes, though, I want to be controlled. A lot of women share that desire."

"If you're anything, Pam, you're your own person. So, if you want it, I think we can help," Tony said. We all laughed at that statement. During lunch, we talked about creating art. I was getting excited about what was to come. I was nervous too. Had I gone too far with my friends?

When we had finished eating, Spencer helped me up and led me to the trees. Garrett got some thin line. Together, they tied me to the trunks. My feet were comfortably apart. My arms were stretched just above eye level. Tony retrieved my camera and took some images of me. Then, he whispered something to Spencer who rummaged through his backpack and brought out a dark thin towel. He tied it around my eyes. I couldn't see.

"Wait. I want to watch what you're doing," I said.

"You're not in control here, Pam. We will decide what happens now." Garrett's voice, somewhere off to the left, was a little husky. Suddenly, I felt a finger sliding up my ass crack. Whose was it? A tongue licked the side of my face. Then, nothing. A warm breeze dried the saliva from my cheek. I could hear them walking around the campsite.

"You're beautiful like this, Pam. We love that you are willing to share your vulnerability. We love that you want to be on display," Spencer said. "We want you to feel good. We want to make you come. Do you want us to do that?"

"Yes," I said.

"Yes, what?"

"I want you to make me come." A finger slid up my slit. Slowly. It rested on my hood and, then, tapped it. A tongue circled my ear. A mouth sucked my nipple. God! I thrust my hips. I wanted that finger on my clit. Again, they withdrew. The only sound was their feet walking away.

Minutes passed. Then, a cool lotion landed on my shoulders. Four hands gently rubbed it all over my skin. Those hands squeezed my butt and kneaded my breasts. They raked my pubic hair. They felt so good on me and, when they were finished, two of them untied my blindfold. Garrett and Tony stood in front of me, smiling.

"We want you to see us make you come," Garrett said. "We're going to take our time."

"I'd love that," I said. "But, first, we need to take a break. I have to pee."

"There's no need for a break," Tony said. "You can do it right here."

"I can't. I'm too embarrassed to do that in front of you."

"It's okay, Pam. I'll help you." Tony walked behind me. He reached up and gently rubbed his index fingers over my nipples. Then he rubbed my stomach. Then, back to my nipples. I squirmed against my restraints. I love when a man plays with my hard nipples. It excites me so much. But, now, my excitement was mixed with a growing urgency to pee. I couldn't hold back any longer. A little dribble became a steady stream spraying the ground in front of me. Garrett picked up my camera and captured a few images. Tony kept playing with me until I finally stopped wetting the ground. He got some toilet paper and gently rubbed me dry. Then he kicked dirt over the puddle of urine.

"That was good, Pam," Garrett said, as he took one last shot. Spencer took up where Tony left off in toying with my nipples. He pinched them lightly.

"May I kiss your breasts, Pam?" Spencer asked.

"Yes," I said. He faced me and smiled, then slowly took my breasts in his hands. He leaned down and kissed them. He swirled his tongue around my nipples and then gently sucked my tits. I flung my head back, it felt so good. Without asking, Spencer put his hand on my pussy. He spread my puffed lips with his finger. All the while, he kept sucking. Tony got my camera and began taking shots. Garrett stood behind me and pressed his finger against my asshole. I pushed my pussy hard against Spencer's hand.

"I'm going to finger fuck you, Pam," Spencer said softly. "I'm going to put my fingers inside you." I was wet and ready. Slowly, he pushed his middle finger in half way, paused, and then pushed all the way in.

"Please, I need another in me." He used his index finger. When it was in, he curled both fingers and found a spot that made me shudder. He kept tapping it. Garrett pushed his finger past my sphincter. No one had ever fucked me anally. He pushed a little deeper, as he kissed the back of my neck. Spencer fucked me faster. I moaned. Suddenly, they both withdrew their fingers. I felt so empty. "Please," I begged. "Please get me off."

"In good time," Spencer said, as he and Garrett walked away and stood behind Tony and my camera. He opened a bottle of water, drank some, and then approached me. He told me to drink and lifted the bottle to my mouth. I swallowed all that he gave me. Some splashed onto my tits. He licked them dry. Then he sucked on my nipples again. He gave way to Tony who rubbed my pussy with more lotion. Then Garrett came up and massaged my clit with his soft fingers. They kept changing places. They kept turning me on.

"Let's make her come," Tony said. "I want to photograph her face." Garrett finger fucked my ass. Spencer plunged his fingers into my vagina. It didn't take long. I came hard, moaning loudly. My knees buckled. The ropes held me up. When my breathing slowed, they gently untied me. As dusk descended, I put on some clothes. We didn't speak about what they did to me. I felt so close to each of them and, again, I slept soundly through the night.

We spent our third morning exploring the rock outcroppings and a small meadow. By lunch time, the sun was beating down. We ate dehydrated fruit and drank cool water from a nearby creek.

"We all could use a shower," I said. "Will you join me?" I got up to walk toward the waterfall. They hesitated. "Come on," I said. "I promise not to look." They smiled, got up, and followed me through the wooded path to the falling water. Only one person at a time could stand under the waterfall. "Guys first," I said. Spencer took off his shirt and shorts. He turned his back to us to remove his boxer briefs and then walked under the "shower."

"This is nice," he said. "Just like home." He rubbed his body with soap and used his hands to wash. He wasn't a big man, but he was in shape. He had a lovely cock. Round Tony was next. As he showered, Spencer stood in the shade next to us, drying off in the light, warm breeze. Garrett followed Tony. Of the three men, he had the best physique. He was the tallest, too. His cock was thick. HIs balls were hairy.

"It's so nice to be surrounded by nude men," I said. "I think it's time to join you." I stripped and walked over to the shower. Tony threw his bar of soap to me and I lathered up. It felt good to get the dust off. They watched me run my hands over my body. I turned so that they could see me clean my crotch. When I was finished, I stood in the shade with them, all of us naked, all of us refreshed.

"I recommend we keep our clothes off for the afternoon," Spencer said. The sentiment was unanimous. We walked back to our camp. Garrett shared a small bottle of red wine. Our conversation was easy. Old friends hanging out nude on a mountain. I wanted to give them something for helping me with my fantasies.

"There's one more secret I want to tell you about," I said. As I spoke, I looked into their eyes. " You've treated me with so much respect these past few days that I want to give each of you something that also will help me fulfill a fantasy. I want to give you each a handjob. No oral, no fucking, just a handjob. But I want you to come on my face and tits. I've never had a man come on my face and breasts."

"Never?" said Spencer. "Can I be first?" We laughed at his eagerness.

"You may," I said. "But I want us to be all together for this. Is that okay with you?" I sensed some hesitation.

"I've never had sex with an audience," Garrett said. Neither did Tony.

"I did it once with another couple in the same room," Spencer said. "It wasn't bad."

"This is different," Tony said. "This is one at a time with Pam, while the others watch. What if we get stage fright and shrivel up?" That broke the tension.

"I promise you, Tony. None of you will shrivel up. I'll make sure of that." I grabbed Spencer's hand and led him to where I sat down on a small boulder. I looked up at him, smiled, and reached for his penis. "I'll need that skin lotion," I said to Tony. He retrieved it and handed it to me. I rubbed some on Spencer's cock and began stroking him. He got hard quickly. As I blew on his shaft, he held my head with his hands.

"I don't think I'm going to last long," he said.

"That's okay," I said. "We're not fucking." I stroked him faster. I put my hand on his balls. "Come on, Spencer. Come on me." And, in a few seconds, he did. All over my face. Lots of cum. Thick cum. Salty cum. He backed away slowly. "You're next, Tony."

"Coming right up," he said. I put both of my hands on his round belly. Some of Spencer's cum matted Tony's pubic hair. Slowly, I wrapped my hands around his growing cock. "Oh my god, Pam! That feels wonderful." As with Spencer, I blew some air on him, concentrating on his cockhead. He thrust his penis toward my face. I wanted to suck him. I wanted to take his cock fully into my mouth. I wanted him to explode there. But I didn't blow him. I tightened my grip on him and squeezed. I could feel his throbbing. I let go for a second and then started stroking him again. Seconds later, he splashed his cum straight on my lips. A second ribbon fell on my breasts. A third and a fourth hit the side of my face. He groaned and exhaled as his cock began to deflate. He stepped back, smiled, and turned away.

"Let me examine you, Doctor," I said, as Garrett stepped before me. "Your testicles are well-formed," I said, as I rolled his balls gently between my fingers. "Your penis is hefty and it seems to be getting bigger in my hand. That's normal, nothing to be concerned about."

"I'm glad to hear that," he said. "I was worried that I wouldn't respond to your touch."

"Oh, you're responding well," I said. I put a lot of lotion on his cock and slowly stroked it. It kept growing. I wondered what it would feel like inside me. It was thick and heavy. I wiped some of Tony's cum from my lips so that I could blow air on Garrett's cock. He pushed closer to my mouth.

"Will you suck it, Pam," he said.

"No, I won't. But thanks for asking." He backed off a few inches. "Spread your legs for me." He did. I put some lotion on the fingers of my right hand and reached between his legs. I found his asshole and pressured it with my middle finger. "Do you like that?"

"Yes."

"Do you want me to go deeper?"

"Yes," he said and, slowly, I worked my finger into his ass. My left hand kept stroking his cock. His breathing quickened. He moaned once, then twice. I curled my middle finger inside him. I must have touched his prostate. He moaned again. "God!" he said, as he came all over my face. His cum was hot. I could feel it and smell it on my nostrils. He pumped against my hand until the streaming stopped. I held him with my hands and then slowly withdrew my finger from his ass. I leaned in and touched my wet cheek to his still turgid cock. I smeared his cum on his shaft. I leaned back and smiled.

"I'm going back to the shower to wash your cum off my face," I said to them. "Don't get dressed yet." When I returned, I hugged each of them tightly, feeling their cocks against my mound or my belly. "Thank you, for everything," I said. "Thank you for letting me be me. Thank you for being my friends."

We spent the rest of the afternoon getting ready to hike out in the morning. We stayed naked and playfully touched each other in intimate ways. As the sun sank low and the air grew cool, we put on our clothes and enjoyed our last evening on the mountain. I'm glad I divulged three secrets about me. They're glad I did, too.
