Shy Wife

We were walking down the path to our resort in hot humid Phuket after
dinner and drinks. She had a close fitting tan coloured top with a low 
neck line and a black skirt wrapped snugly around her waist. At 5 foot 
5 inches with a petite size 8 frame and a stunning face with a lovely 
smile, she is well liked by all. The local man who came up to take our 
picture was typical of Thais we had met. The Thais must be one of the 
nicest people on earth. With their welcoming and friendly manner they 
are very easy to get along with and had made our holiday very 
enjoyable. We knew Korn from the resort. He was one of the bar staff 
and we had chatted with him on a couple of occasions. 

Presumably this was how Korn made some extra cash. We declined the photo
opportunity. Neither of us like having our picture taken and I was in a 
hurry to get her back to our room. Korn was insistent in that charming 
Thai manner which is so appealing. He explained that he was doing a 
photography course and that he needed to take some portrait photos for 
a project. We were an ideal subject especially the ‘pretty lady'. That 
was definitely not the way to get her to pose for a photo. She is very 
shy and is one of those rare women who do not recognize their own 
beauty. ‘Pretty lady' only made her blush and feel even more reluctant. 
Eventually Korn's charm, the few drinks she had that night and my 
agreement won her over. We posed for a few of photos and I suggested we 
move to the resort's bar for a drink and Korn could take some indoor 
photos if he wished. 

When I got back to our table with the drinks Korn had already convinced
her to take some solo photos. I didn't mind. I knew she was why he 
wanted to photograph us. Her photos would definitely make Korn a hero 
when he got back to his class. I doubt many Thais have the opportunity 
to photograph an attractive western female. Anyway, I love watching 
her. Her C cup breasts formed a nice cleavage which was visible over 
her top. Her ass looked divine in the skirt which clung very tightly 
around her slim hips. She was still a little shy but was willing to 
help Korn with his project. She downed the gin, lemon and lime in a 
couple of gulps. She obviously was still a little nervous. She was 
getting a little embarrassed though. Surely he didn't need so many 
shots of a woman at a table. 

After a few moments Korn excused himself to go get another flash card
for his camera. He said he would like to take some standing shots when 
he got back. I cheekily whispered to her that the line of her panties 
was visible through the skirt and that she should really put on a G 
string. Expecting a withering glare, imagine my surprise when she got 
up and walked in the direction of our room. This was getting 
interesting. She has always been shy of attention but clearly the 
relaxed environment and the thought of helping Korn in his project 
appealed greatly. This is one of the main reasons why she is so well 
liked - she is a genuinely kind and helpful person. She obviously also 
wanted to look her best and I suspect she was also starting to enjoy 
the posing. 

Korn was back and I told him that she had just left for a few moments.
We chatted a while over our drinks. A couple of minutes later she 
walked into the bar with that wonderful smile on her face which I love 
so much. I couldn't tell immediately if she had put on a G string but I 
could see that she had changed something else. She had cupped her tits 
in a push up bra. They looked fuller and the cleavage looked a lot 
deeper. As she came to stand by my side I looked down at her ass and 
the line of her panties was gone! She is one of those few lucky women 
who have a large tight ass with slim hips. That sexy clinging skirt 
didn't leave much to the imagination. She had also put on a pair of 
heels. I could feel a hard on coming. 

She was standing next to a potted plant when I got back with her second
double gin, lemon and lime. By now she was very relaxed. The first gin 
had finally hit the spot and she was posing willingly for Korn. 
Frontal, back, side, angled - he had taken quite a few shots. The 
alcohol had loosened her up and the flattery didn't do any harm either. 
It was pretty lady this, pretty lady that. Once she finished the second 
gin, the shyness was gone and she started suggesting poses. She didn't 
have much scope for movement as the skirt was tight and restricted what 
she could do. However, that same tight skirt showed off the shape of 
her ass and legs beautifully. You could see each ass cheek outlined 
clearly particularly when she faced the wall and stretched her arms 
over her head. It was at this point that I knew that she was now 
feeling sexy. This is rare even in the privacy of our own bedroom. 
There was no one else in the bar aside from ourselves and the barman so 
she must have felt relatively secure especially knowing that I would 
look out for her. However I was still quite shocked (but pleased) with 
this turn of events. I am sure Korn also noticed the sexiness. She 
obviously didn't mind him looking at her. 

I suggested that she lie on the nearby couch for a few shots. She did a
few on her back and then turned over and supported her torso on her 
elbows. Korn took a few photos facing the couch and then moved over to 
the end to take a frontal shot. Korn must have got an eyeful of her 
tits during this pose especially as she arched her back a little whilst 
looking up into the camera. She must have been feeling very relaxed and 
sexy. He took a lot of photos here. I am sure that the shape of her 
buttocks on the couch didn't escape his notice either. She then sat up 
on the couch with her legs along the length of it. Korn moved back to 
face the couch and took a couple of shots. Nice view of her calf.  She 
tried to pull one foot up towards her but the skirt wouldn't allow it. 
The skirt had a slit which reached up to her hips but it had a zip 
which travelled from the hip to above the knee. At knee level it had 
one button. Of course the zip and button were done up. I could see the 
button straining against the fabric. I wished she would undo it. I have 
long fantasized about those legs and ass being admired in a public 
place. She knows about my fantasy and thinks I am mad! 

Instead of undoing the button she got up and then sat back down on the
couch with her legs tucked under her with her ass resting on her heels. 
With her head high and tits forward she looked like a goddess. Korn 
kept clicking. By now the barman had come over with a round of free 
drinks. He handed her her gin and sat down to watch with me. She sipped 
on the gin whilst posing for Korn, turning this way and that. The gin 
was having an effect. I had never seen her more sexy. She held the 
empty glass out to the barman. Her eyes said she knew he wasn't going 
to refuse this sexy woman anything. He took it and returned to the bar 
for a refill. 

She started to get up from her pose. It was too much for the skirt. As
she got up the button popped. She didn't notice. Korn kept clicking. 
The zip started undoing itself a little. I hoped it would undo all the 
way. Korn kept clicking. The thought of Korn taking pictures of that 
ass in a G string in the bar was almost enough to make me come. 

She walked over to me and waited silently for the barman to come back
with her drink. She took a sip of her fourth gin and handed the glass 
back to the barman. He was transfixed by her. As she turned around 
towards the couch he couldn't help fixing his eyes on the sway of her 
hips and ass as she moved forward. I could see a bulge starting in his 
pants. She lay back on the couch. We were looking at the couch from the 
front and her head was to the right. Her arms moved over and behind her 
head thus emphasising her tits. Korn took a few shots. Then she turned 
and looked directly at me. Very slowly she drew her right leg up and 
put her foot over the back of the couch. She knew the button had 
popped! As her leg moved the zip slowly came undone to the waist and 
her gorgeous pair of legs was there for all to see. We held our breath. 
The side of her ass was exposed and we could clearly see the G string 
disappearing into the area of her pussy. She straightened her head and 
closed her eyes. After a moment Korn came to himself and started 
clicking. The barman moved to the left end of the couch to stare down 
at her. I joined him. Her tits strained against the tan top. Her left 
leg was exposed up to her waist and the soft inside and back of her 
creamy white right thigh lay right in front of us. Her legs were 
slightly parted and her most private and shaved pussy faced us from 
behind the sheer fabric of the G string. She had got herself a 
Brazilian earlier in the day which I had not known. I could not imagine 
what had come over her. The shy woman I had married lay there on the 3 
seat sofa like a wanton slut exposing herself to me and two relative 
strangers. My dreams had come true. 

We moved over for Korn. He came around to take some frontal shots of the
lovely woman in front of us paying particular attention to her pussy. 
When he had taken a few, she moved. Her arms came down, her right leg 
moved over and she rolled slowly over onto her front. We were now 
looking at the back of her legs. Her skirt had covered her ass as she 
rolled over. Her eyes still closed she could feel the cloth on her 
behind. Korn started clicking again and kept clicking as she slid her 
frame down the couch. The skirt caught on the rough fabric of the sofa 
as she slid out of it slowly, treating us to the magnificent view of 
her ass framed by the black G string. She was showing off. The two 
creamy mounds looked as firm as I knew they felt. Firm but with skin as 
soft as butter. She had her legs together so her pussy was not visible. 
Nevertheless none of us could take our eyes of her. What we saw was 
enough. She lay there for many minutes. We remained glued to the sight 
of her buttocks and legs. She may have fallen asleep. Then her right 
leg started moving off over the side of the couch and she gently raised 
her buttocks up pushing her pussy skywards in a slutty move. Again we 
came to face her lovely slit. After taking a few shots of this view 
Korn moved to the front of the sofa to get pictures of her side 
profile. She looked awesome with one leg over the side of the couch and 
her ass clearly displayed. She looked straight into the camera as Korn 
continued to take his shots. 

A few minutes later she got up and I felt a huge stab of disappointment.
It seemed that the show was over. She looked at the barman and held out 
her hand for her gin. The barman rushed over to our table and brought 
it over to her. She held his eyes whilst she tipped the rest of the 
drink down her throat. The barman gulped and took her glass when she 
finished. He took it back to our table and stood there. She turned 
towards the couch. Then she turned back and walked over to the barman. 
As he stood in front of her she turned her side to him - the side with 
the slit. Her left leg was only partially visible as the slit closed in 
at the top. With her left hand placed behind her back she thrust her 
left hip towards him. The slit opened up showing thigh and hip. Her 
right hand then raised the bottom of her tan top exposing the singe 
button which kept her skirt together. I followed the line of her leg 
from the foot right to the top of the slit where her waist bone was now 
clearly visible. All eyes were now on the button. The woman wanted the 
barman to strip her of her skirt. The barman's trembling hand reached 
for it. He looked up at her and she met him with an open and daring 
look. 

The barman's hand fell away. She picked up her glass, found it empty and
handed it to the barman. He ran to the bar for a refill, his hard cock 
showing a bulge in his pants. Korn's clicking had come to a stop.  I 
could tell he was aroused by the dry lips and the tell tale sign in his 
pants. 

A crash was heard from the bar area. The barman had dropped the glass in
his haste. As we watched him get another and prepare the drink she 
moved back to the couch. She had straddled the right hand rest. Her 
left calf was lying flat against the seat of the couch with her high 
heeled foot pointed backwards. Her smooth white thigh pointed toward 
the couch angling down. Her right leg rested on the floor beside and in 
front of her. She leaned forward and ground her pussy into the hand 
rest whilst pushing her ass back. The skirt had split out and again we 
were treated to the left leg up to the hip. She moved her ass around in 
circles pressing pussy against couch. As she moved forward in the 
circular motion, part of her left ass cheek would come free from the 
skirt and she would press down trying to keep it out in the open. The 
slut wanted the men behind her to see her ass. The skirt wouldn't 
cooperate. 

The barman finally returned with her drink and went around in front of
her. Taking the drink in her left hand she surprised us by taking a 
different direction. She bent her head down and with her right hand 
moved her curly brown hair from the nape of her neck. The top of the 
zipper on the back of her tan top was visible. She waited. The barman 
who was still in front of her and facing us looked at me. I glanced at 
the zip and nodded to him to undo it. We again held our breath. He went 
behind her and to one side. As the zip came down her right leg moved 
further wide and she moaned a little as she moved her pussy against the 
hand rest. The tan top parted revealing her back. She first shrugged 
her right arm out of it, transferred the drink from her other hand and 
removed the top. Whilst taking a sip the tan top was dropped behind the 
couch. Many times have I complimented her on her back. She has never 
understood why. Perhaps she did when all three of us took a sudden 
breath at the sight. She has a beautiful back. Seeing her elegant neck 
down through her bare back flowing gracefully into the flare of her 
slim hips had all our hearts pumping. Korn started clicking again and 
stopped suddenly as the barman reached for the clasp of her bra. She 
caught his hand before he was able to get it undone. She moved his hand 
down to her waist next to the skirt's button. I could see the heat in 
the barman's face. She had moved his hand against her bare skin all the 
way down to the button. His hand lay near the top of her ass with his 
finger tips touching the button. I know the feel of that skin and it 
would make any man's heart stop. The barman closed his eyes and took a 
deep breath. She turned to face the couch again and grabbed the hand 
rest with her thighs as she ground her pussy into it. Her ass lifted a 
little and her cheeks were clearly outlined against the straining cloth 
of her skirt. She sipped on her gin almost naked down to the waist. 

The barman hesitated. Oddly he was comfortable going for the bra but the
skirt was almost too much for him. She calmly waited whilst sipping her 
gin. She was now perfectly still aside from the sipping. We waited. 
Korn was transfixed. The camera was quiet. The barman couldn't take his 
eyes of the button. Finally he moved his hand. The button strained 
against her skirt. Just a flick of a finger and it popped open. The 
skirt snapped away from her body and lay down beneath her, hanging from 
the hand rest. She sat calmly without reaction to her new nakedness. 
Not a word had been said since she first posed on the couch fully 
clothed but the sight of this superb woman suddenly exposed was too 
much. Both the Thais exclaimed softly in their native language. I 
couldn't help the ‘Jesus' muttered under my breath. Aside from the slim 
threads of the G string and her bra strap her back and legs were 
completely nude. The form of her buttocks gradually parting on either 
side of the hand rest almost made me come. She pulled the skirt from 
under her and it joined the tan top. Her hand reached down to place her 
glass on the floor. Her upper body followed, her ass slowly rotating 
up. She didn't stop when the glass was laid but kept moving her upper 
body down to lie against the hand rest. Her glistening pussy moved into 
view behind the slim fabric of the G string. Her right hand came up 
slowly rubbing up against her foot, calf, thigh and finally reaching 
between her ass crack to lay the tip of her middle finger gently 
against her slit and then back down again to her foot. She moved her 
clit against the hand rest for a several seconds while we watched. She 
stood up. Her ass bunched up into firm mounds, her calf muscles clearly 
outlined. With both hands she moved her hair off the nape of her neck 
and held it behind her head. Her back naturally arched back with this 
movement. She gave us several seconds to appreciate the view. Then she 
relaxed her left leg and dropped her hip, changing her pose. Another 
few seconds elapsed. She turned around. For the first time we saw her 
nakedness from in front. Her tits were tightly packed into the C cups 
and rose out proudly from her chest. Her hard pink nipples were clearly 
visible behind the sheer material at the top of her bra. The material 
around her pussy was drenched with her juices. She was enjoying the 
show as much as we were. 

She hooked both her thumbs into the top of her G string and worked them
slowly down until the top of her pubes were just visible. The strings 
dug in sharply into the flesh around her hips. They must have been most 
of the way below her ass at the back. She slowly started turning 
around. 



The G string was only half way down her ass. She turned back and
approached Korn. She picked up his long forgotten camera and dropped it 
in his lap. She was going to pose some more. As she walked back to the 
couch the G string slipped a little but not enough to glimpse the labia 
between her thighs. She pulled it back on. We were not going to see her 
pussy. 

She climbed onto the couch and knelt on her knees with her back to us
and thighs far apart. She gave us a few moments to enjoy her ass and 
then she climbed onto the back of the couch and draped herself over it 
like a sloth. She lay with her head and torso along the top whilst she 
gripped the couch with her thighs. Her left leg described a shallow ‘V' 
on the couch back. Korn started clicking. She gave him several poses 
with head movement and straightening her legs. She also arched a back 
to raise her ass. Korn moved behind her to get some shots. Her pussy 
was surely waiting. We joined him. Alas, she couldn't hold the arched 
back and we had to settle for the magnificent view of the back of her 
bum and legs. Perhaps she sensed our disappointment. Her left leg came 
down the back of the couch to hook against the corner between the back 
and the right hand rest. She then moved her arms over and supported her 
weight on the seat of the couch. Her torso was now at an angle to the 
back of the couch. Part of her pussy was in view. With her arms she 
pushed back so that her ass moved up and out. Korn started clicking 
madly. Her glorious slit was now separated from us by just a few feet 
and some flimsy material. How I wished that fabric would rip and show 
us all. She couldn't hold this pose either. She moved her torso back 
onto the top of the back of the couch and slid her body backwards until 
her bum was almost overhanging the edge gripping the back of the sofa 
with both thighs. Clearly she was intent on displaying her pussy. All 
three of us immediately stepped back and knelt down. We were at eye 
level with her pussy only two feet away. 

She lay there for long moments. Finally tiring of this pose (though Korn
was still madly clicking) she rolled of the back of the couch onto the 
seat. She lay for a moment with her back on the couch facing us with 
her calves on the hand rest. Then her legs lifted straight up and back 
towards her. She was beautiful. Her legs are splendid and her pussy 
peeked out from between them and behind her G string. The peek was not 
enough for her. She reached out and with her hands pulled back on her 
thighs to give us a better view. Then she did what we were all hoping 
she would. Whilst her arms moved over her head she thrust out her chest 
and parted her legs. There were more exclamations in Thai. 

After Korn had recovered sufficiently to take a few shots she got up,
came around picked up her gin and walked to the table. She stood with 
her back to us sipping her gin. I wondered what was going through her 
mind. Was she going to take the next step and completely strip in front 
of a couple of strangers? Would we get an unhindered view of her pink 
pussy? She already had plenty of opportunity but hadn't done it. She 
had obviously enjoyed herself but perhaps she had done as much as she 
was comfortable with. We finally moved back to the table and sat down. 
She was so close to us. We had seen so much of her yet none of us could 
stop staring. She stood head high looking out across the bar. Then she 
handed her empty glass to the barman. As he ran to the bar to refill 
her drink she walked back to the couch. The play of her muscles along 
her calves, thighs and buttocks as she walked was beauty in motion. 

She sat astride the left hand rest. Again I was struck by the curve of
her ass cheeks separating over the hand rest. We waited. The barman 
returned with her drink. She ignored him whilst she took her drink. She 
spent long minutes drinking her gin in silence. She seemed to wind down 
from her earlier sexual tension. We did not begrudge her her time. We 
had been given a real treat tonight. 

The barman refilled our glasses and we sat back watching and waiting.
Oddly, sitting on the hand rest completely still was as sexy as 
anything she had done that night. 

She held out her empty glass. The barman ran to collect it. She didn't
let go. I could see the barman wondering nervously if she was going to 
make him denude her further. She let go. The barman's face was a 
mixture of relief and disappointment. He went back to refill her glass 
but she waved him away when he returned. He sat down with us. 

After a few moments she got up and turned around. She stepped forward
and then hooked both her thumbs into the top of her G string and worked 
them slowly down until the top of her pubes were just visible. The 
strings dug in sharply into the flesh around her hips. She slowly 
turned around. I felt a strong sense of déjà vu. This time she did not 
come for Korn's camera. Her arms reached up and she gently moved the 
bra's shoulder straps off her shoulder. My heart started hammering. She 
was going to do it! 

She stopped there. My heart slowed down. There was no hesitation as if
she had changed her mind. She turned around with a purposeful 
expression and looked at me. Her pubes were clearly visible and the bra 
had fallen away a little to expose the top of her tits to just above 
the nipple. She walked slowly towards me. Again the G string did not 
fall off to expose her pussy. I heard the sighs around me. Whether it 
was in appreciation of her beauty or disappointment that the G string 
held on - I could not tell. 

She reached me. She picked up both my hands and placed them where the G
string now sat on her hips. With an expression full of love her eyes 
told me she was willing but the decision was mine. So this was why she 
had not fully stripped. She fully knew that I wanted her to but she 
wanted confirmation for that final piece. It was an act of love, 
sacrifice and supplication. I have never loved her more than at that 
moment. 

My hands moved downward taking the G String with it as she knew they
would. As it fell away I felt her chest puff up. It was her recognition 
of her own beauty but also of her act of love for her me. The Thais 
started muttering what sounded like prayers of thanks. They were across 
the table from us with a view of her back. As the G string came off 
they must have both noticed the couple of drops of her juices which 
dripped off her pussy. They couldn't see much more than what they 
already had but the act of stripping a woman of her covering is highly 
erotic to a man. Much is felt in this one simple action. 

When I looked up her expression had changed. The love remained but now
mixed with reluctance. She turned around to more gasps from the Thais 
as they saw the beauty between her legs for the first time. She waited 
- slightly tense. It was time for a decision on her bra. She was 
willing but reluctant. Most women value the privacy of their pussy far 
more than their breasts. Topless sunbathing is ample evidence of this. 
She was different. Her breasts she wanted to keep for me only. I stood 
up. I wanted nothing more than to unclasp her bra. I raised her straps 
back over her shoulders. She had already done more for me than I could 
ever have imagined. 

Over her shoulder I saw the Thais look at me in confusion and disbelief.
She must have noticed their looks as well. After a moment she turned 
around to look at me. The two men had their eyes glued to that spot 
just under her ass and between her thighs. She pulled the bra straps 
off her shoulder and turned around to face the other men again. They 
had hopeful looks on their face and she was now willing. Her arms moved 
above her head while she waited. I released her tits. The Thais 
exclaimed. I could well understand. She was a beautiful woman. 

She walked over to the pool table. We drank in her body while she
cleared the table of balls and cue sticks. She made sure she leaned 
forward as much as she could to get the balls. From the back, this made 
her ass prominent and we saw some pussy. From the front, we saw her 
hanging tits. Every curve was explored by every eye in the room. 
Finally she finished and climbed onto the table. She knelt on the 
table, her ass resting on her heels, thighs together. We went over. 
Korn started clicking. She moved her arms over her head to emphasise 
her tits. Then she raised her ass off her heels whilst stretching her 
arms out to her side and throwing her head back. Her back curved 
pushing her tits forward. Her pink nipples were rock hard as they sat 
proud of the swell of her bosom. Slowly she parted her thighs. We 
watched as her fluids dripped off her pussy onto the felt. We moved all 
around her to make sure we saw everything to see. She was stunning. 

Finally she started moving off the table. The show was over. She sat on
the edge, legs dangling, ready to get off. 

"We haven't seen everything". I said. 

She was momentarily perplexed. Then she lay back with her arms above her
head and raised her legs straight up thighs together. Her naked pussy 
peeked at us again. This time she did not move her thighs apart with 
her hands. Instead she moved her knees into her body, thighs still 
together and feet now crossed. Her feet hid her pussy from view. She 
lay still for a few moments. Then she uncrossed her feet and parted her 
thighs so that the three men in the room could see her pussy in its 
juicy dripping entirety. Also for the first time that night we were 
treated to a view her brown ass hole. We stood drinking in the sight. 
As she lay there we watched as her juices started dripping off her 
pussy into her ass hole and disappearing down her back. This was the 
most beautiful sight we had ever seen. 

She got off the pool table. She had had enough. She got up and went over
to put on her bra and G string. Both Thais were profuse in their 
gratitude. There were no requests for her to stay. They had been given 
a great gift and they both appreciated it and would remember it for the 
rest of their lives. Korn pulled out the flash card from his camera and 
presented it to her. A true gentleman - he respected her privacy. She 
said nothing but it was clear that she was pleased by their thanks. 

I took her hand and we walked out. I picked up her skirt and tan top but
didn't give them to her. My night was yet over. I led her back to our 
room through the resort in just her bra, G string and heels. Hips 
swaying she moved magnificently through place. It was late and there 
was no one about but I hoped that someone saw her that night as she 
walked by. At our door I asked her to wait. She smiled. She knew I 
wanted more. I asked her to place her hands on the door above her head. 
Out there in the open I stripped her of her bra and then her G string. 
I kissed her gently and reached for her pussy from behind. She moaned 
and bent over pushing out her bum. As the new day dawned I gave my wife 
the biggest orgasm of her life.



The next night we had dinner out again. Phuket is a lovely island with
friendly people and cheap delicious food. This time we went straight 
back to our room. She decided to have a bath and read a book. I slipped 
out to the bar for a drink. We didn't discuss it but I thought she 
might be embarrassed to go back there again. Not a word had been said 
about the night before. It had been the best night of my life. 

Korn was on duty. I sat at the bar. We didn't discuss the night before.
After a little while a fellow tourist Bob joined me. His wife had 
decided to have an early night. It looked like it was going to be a 
boy's night. We chatted amiably for a long while about our holiday, 
where we had been and where we were going. He was a little annoyed 
because his wife was not enjoying her time there. They had had 
difficulties in their relationship and were trying to sort them out 
over the holiday. Our conversation turned to her and women in general. 
We spent several hours chatting and downed quite a few drinks. I could 
not bring myself to mention my wife and how wonderful she was. The guy 
was upset enough already. However, he finally asked whether I was 
married and how I found it. I didn't lie. I was a very happy man! 
Rather than upsetting him, it made him curious. He was impressed that 
we had been together for such a long time and still happy. I told him 
that I was simply lucky in having her. She was an extremely nice 
person. She was also gorgeous and sexy. Of course, he was somewhat 
skeptical. I told him that the success of our marriage was not only due 
to the fact that I loved her dearly but also that I still found her 
highly desirable. I described her to him. Standing at 5 feet 5 inches, 
she was a petite size 8 with brown curly hair, brown eyes and a 
beautiful smile. Korn nodded in agreement. As I had had a few drinks I 
also added that she her tits fit into size C cups and they had a nice 
pair of pink nipples. She had a fantastic pair of legs topped off by 
the nicest and firmest ass on the planet. I also told him that she 
currently sported a Brazilian and she had a lovely pink pussy. Korn 
nodded enthusiastically whilst my new friend listened. There was a time 
when she would have been horrified and embarrassed had she known that I 
had described her so intimately to a stranger. However, after the night 
before I wondered if this would still be true. I added that she had the 
softest and smoothest creamy white skin. 

"I would love to meet her". He said. 

"I have seen her and she is more beautiful than any other woman" said
Korn nodding his head vigorously until he suddenly froze. We both 
looked behind us to see what had arrested Korn's attention. 

She walked into the bar wearing a black blouse with the top three
buttons undone showing her wonderful cleavage. She had put up her hair 
baring her lovely neck. Her skirt barely covered her mid thigh. Last 
night's experience had given her some new confidence. There was no 
doubt in my mind that should she turn around, we would see the shape of 
her ass clearly. The skirt was very tight. I watched her bare shapely 
legs as she walk towards us. She knows that I love the creamy white 
colour of her skin and hadn't worn stockings. 

She came up to the bar and stood between my new friend and me. I
introduced her. My new friend could not stop staring. He was awestruck. 
I could see that he now believed me completely. After introductions, 
Korn went off to get her a gin, lemon and lime. 

Korn had moved over to server another couple at the other end of the
bar. The only other people in the place were a couple at one of the 
tables. The man sat facing us and his gaze found itself fixed on my 
wife's ass.  He obviously liked what he saw. I wondered if he had 
mentally stripped her. His partner hadn't noticed. 

Bob quickly brought around a bar stool for her. He was completely
smitten. She sat down slowly, whilst smoothing down her skirt keeping 
her thighs as covered as possible. Still, a mid-thigh skirt does not 
cover much when you sit. She was a little uncomfortable with this and 
kept pulling her skirt down. I had no such reservations. I enjoyed the 
view. No doubt the guy at the table was getting an eyeful too. I 
noticed that his partner was also now glancing at the semi naked thighs 
next to me. 

The 3 of us chatted for some time during which she had 3 gins in quick
succession. The 3 gins had their effect. I could see her loosening up. 
We hadn't discussed what happened the night before so I hadn't been 
sure if she regretted it but given that she had come to the bar tonight 
dressed the way she was, it looked like she was ok with it. In fact I 
thought she might be priming herself with gin for some more fun 
tonight. She certainly had a rapt audience. Bob couldn't help staring 
at her. He kept checking out her hot body when he thought no one was 
looking. She had stopped worrying about her skirt and it had ridden up 
her thighs further barely covering her pussy. She had crossed her legs. 
The guy at the table was getting a great view of her legs and no doubt 
some of her creamy white ass was visible too. Given Bob's position in 
front of her I wondered if he could see her panties through the gap 
between her skirt and crossed thighs. There was certainly no want of 
trying. His eyes roved her body whenever he could. 

She seemed to be enjoying the attention. Her nipples were starting to
harden and I noticed that she was in no hurry when she uncrossed and 
recrossed her legs. Each time she did it, the skirt rode higher up her 
thighs and Bob must have got a view of her panties. Her skirt had 
ridden high enough that her ass was now in direct contact with the 
vinyl covering of the stool. She then leaned over with left her hand on 
my stool whilst crossing her right thigh over her left whilst subtly 
brushing her skirt up with her hand to uncover her ass. The guy at the 
table now had a clear view of her right thigh and ass cheek. 

After a little while I said "I was just telling Bob about you when you
walked in". 

"All good I hope" she said. "Absolutely" said Bob. "From what I can see,
he didn't exaggerate". "The rest is true as well" I said. "I thought 
you might have told him about how nice a person I am or how clever" she 
said. "It sounds like all you talked about was my ass". Just as both 
Bob and I started feeling embarrassed she said "I suppose you want to 
show it to him now?" Then she got up bent down with her back to Bob, 
put her arms around my neck and whispered "Why don't you show him what 
the hard cock in his pants tells me he wants to see?" 

"What's come over you?" I whispered in her ear. 

"I love you and I am your pussy. To do with as you please. And I know
you want this." She whispered back. 

I noticed that Bob's eyes were drawn to her ass. The man at the table
was similarly occupied. His partner had moved around their table and 
was staring also. She was obviously not immune to female charms. The 
other couple at the end of the bar had left a while ago. 

As my cock hardened I reached down and unzipped the skirt. I proudly
revealed her G string framed ass. The skirt fell to the ground. She 
stepped out of it and spread her legs wider than the skirt had 
previously allowed. The muscles along the back of her legs from calf to 
bum were clearly outlined. "Didn't I tell you how magnificent her ass 
is and how soft the skin." Bob gulped as he looked on. However, he 
quickly recovered and nodded vigorously. I ran my hands over her ass 
cheeks and thighs.  She moaned softly in my ear. Bob's eyes were glued 
to her creamy mounds. Firm but soft; her ass is heaven to behold let 
alone to touch. The conversation at the couple's table stilled as their 
full attention was now on her. She stepped back as she bent further 
down and lay her head on my lap. Her pussy was inches away from Bob. 
His gaze moved to her slit. I leaned over and parted her ass cheeks a 
little so Bob could see more of her slit through the think fabric of 
the G string. She helped by pushing her ass out further. I undid the 
buttons on the back of her blouse and removed it. I raised her till she 
stood up. Bob loved the view of her full ass cheeks. I could see her 
hardened nipples through her bra. I turned her around and raised her 
arms above her head to emphasize her tits. Bob and the couple looked on 
in appreciation. 

I told her to go lie down on the pool table. We watched the exaggerated
sway of her hips and ass as she walked across the room. I am sure all 
four cocks in the room were hard. Judging by the way the woman at the 
table was staring I suspect her pussy was moistening also. 

She made sure we all got a good look at her ass and legs while she
cleared the table. Not once did she allow the table to get between us 
and her body. Then she sensuously climbed onto the table and lay back. 
We faced the length of the table. She lay with her head to the left and 
legs straight down the table. Then she pulled her left foot up so her 
inner left thigh and calf was visible to us and then arched her back so 
that her ass was beautifully outlined. She was showing off. 

Bob and I walked over to the pool table. As I walked past the couple I
said to the man "You are welcome to join us". I noticed that his 
partner was quite attractive. Also a white female, she was a redhead of 
about 5 feet 8 inches with a full but firm body. She wore a red low cut 
dress which showed off her size DD breasts beautifully. The four of us 
got to the pool table and admired her for a few minutes.  I ran my hand 
along her leg from foot to waist and said to Bob ‘Feel that skin". Bob 
hesitantly did. I could see that he was both extremely excited and a 
little nervous. When he saw that I didn't mind his touching my wife he 
gained a little confidence and ran his hand down the other leg. I ran 
my hand up her leg again - the one flat against the pool table. This 
time my fingers brushed her pussy as they went passed. A soft sigh 
escaped her lips. Feeling slutty she parted her thighs a little, making 
no secret of her wet pussy. I invited the other man to touch her. He 
ran his hand along her upraised leg and agreed that she was soft. I 
looked at his partner wondering if she wanted a turn. She looked away 
nervously. I could see the outline of her nipples against her dress. 
She was getting aroused. I had little doubt her partner's cock was hard 
as well. 

I told her to turn over. The others gasped. The light from the pool
table lamp left nothing to hide. Her magnificent ass was fully lit. Bob 
massaged her left cheek and ran his hand down her thigh. The man from 
the table did the same with the right cheek and thigh. The woman looked 
on. Then she moved closer to her partner and touched the superb ass on 
the pool table. She was mesmerized by what she saw. Bob and the other 
man moved back from the table. The woman spent several minutes gently 
feeling the ass and thighs of the beauty on the table.  The three of us 
watched as she entered a dream like state. She was completely unaware 
of us whilst she enjoyed my wife's body. She had her clit pressed 
against the pool table as she continued to caress the woman on the 
table who in turn moaned softly under her ministrations. 

The subject of our attention was clearly enjoying the feel of feminine
hands on her body as she eventually parted her thighs further. The 
woman in the red dress explored the inner thighs. She brushed against 
the pussy as she ran her hands up the inner thigh towards the buttocks. 
Both women moaned simultaneously when contact was made with the pussy. 
She explored the ass crack and slipped a finger onto the pussy and gave 
it a little rub through the G string. They moaned together. Her hands 
moved up the back and onto the shoulders. She undid the bra strap. We 
got a glimpse of her tits as she removed the bra. Her back was now 
completely smooth and naked. Then she slowly removed the G string. The 
smell of her sex wafted into the air. Her shaved pussy was partially 
visible. My completely naked wife lay on the pool table, her highly 
aroused body beautiful to see and ecstatic to touch. The man from the 
table and Bob couldn't wait any further and moved in. Soon they were 
exploring her back, ass and legs with no impediments. Strangely they 
avoided her pussy but explored her ass crack thoroughly. Any contact 
with pussy was purely incidental. The woman on the table moaned and 
sighed. Whenever the men's hands came close to her pussy, she pushed up 
to try to make contact. She moved over to her side and tried to finger 
herself. I grabbed her hand away and pressed her flat on the table. I 
moved both her arms out to in front of her head. The men kept touching 
her. She was getting hot and desperate and started mewling. She had 
completely given in to her need and was pure slut. Her mewling and 
muttering became even louder as fingers almost touched her slit. We 
heard her say "Please" several times as fingers came close to her pussy 
but the men kept teasing her. She tried to grab the men's hands with 
her thighs as they reached her pussy, but her slimness ensured she 
couldn't grip them. They continued to tease her by rubbing and 
squeezing her ass and thighs. 

The woman in red watched intently. She kept licking her lips and her
hands continuously ran up and down her hips and ass. She had a 
voluptuous figure with full hips.  I walked over to her. She looked at 
me tensely and stopped moving. Her lips went dry. We stared at each 
other for a few moments. Then she moved her right hand to the top of 
her back and undid her zipper. I stepped forward, place my hands on her 
shoulders and removed her dress touching her skin as much as I could. 
She pushed her breasts out as my hands went past trying to prolong 
contact. I moved behind her and cupped them with my hands whilst 
rubbing her nipples through the bra. She leaned back into me and rested 
her head on my shoulder and sighed. She was lovely. She had the natural 
pale skin of redheads, large DD cup tits and a nice ass. She was 
wearing a lacy red bra with matching panties which exposed more than 
half her ass. Not quite a G string but it showed enough. Her tits 
strained at the bra. The other men did not notice as they were 
engrossed with the woman on the pool table. 

I led her to the table. Her partner looked up and gasped. "Joan!" Bob
looked up surprised. Joan climbed onto the pool table to kneel at the 
naked woman's feet. It was an awesome sight: the redhead with the size 
DD tits kneeling at the feet of the prostrate and completely nude and 
highly aroused woman lying on the green felt. The woman on the table 
started moving her clit against the surface moaning and sighing. Joan 
grasped each ankle with her hands and parted the woman's legs. She 
responded by lifting her ass off the table by getting on her knees 
whilst keeping her head on the table. As Joan stared at the naked and 
dripping wet pussy in front of her I placed my hand on her bra catch. 
She quickly sat upright, head high and back arched. She was ready to 
display her tits, perhaps even desperate to display her tits. Her 
partner looked on in shock.  I prepared her further by removing the 
shoulder straps over and under each arm. Her bra was wrapped around her 
chest like a bikini top. I wanted it to completely fall away when I 
undid her clasp. I did not want it to drape over her breasts and spoil 
the moment. I then took her hands and placed them behind her head. I 
moved to the side so that I didn't miss the stripping. The bra snapped 
away when I unclasped it. Her heavy tits hardly moved when it fell. 
They were unbelievably firm. She threw her head back to enhance the 
look of her magnificent tits. She preened for a several moments while 
we looked on. Then she grabbed the other woman's hips and launched 
herself at the waiting pussy. I noticed the smudge on the pool table 
where her pussy juices had leaked. She slipped her middle finger into 
the pussy in front of her. She was now on all fours with her ass up 
where I could appreciate it. I moved up behind her to get a better 
view. Her red panties were damp near her pussy. I could see the outline 
of her labia against the cloth. She bent down to kiss and lick the 
pussy of the other woman. No doubt she was aware that this would stick 
her ass up even further. Like the other woman she wanted to show all. 
We had two sluts on the table. 

Within a short time my wife's body was jerking with an orgasm. The men
had primed her well and Joan's attention brought her to her peak. She 
then turned around and got to her feet. She stood in front of Joan and 
cupped her face with her hands. Gently she guided Joan's lips to her 
pussy again. Joan quickly went to work kissing and licking pussy but 
the angle wasn't great. She guided Joan off the table and sat herself 
at the edge and then lay back with her eyes closed. She parted her legs 
so that her pussy was wide open for attention. Joan obliged. Her tongue 
explored labia, clit and vagina. Her tongue flicked over and into her 
pussy. Meanwhile the two men took the opportunity to experience the 
firm tits of the woman on the table. Very soon she was in ecstasy as 
her pussy was licked and both her breasts kissed and sucked. The 
multiple orgasms were not long in coming. 

Joan got up and her partner immediately took her place. Her partner
caught the woman's ankles and raised her legs up. Soon he had her split 
wide open with both pussy and ass hole facing him with the soft 
undersides of her thighs on either side. It wasn't long before she was 
moaning again from the attention his tongue gave her ass hole. 

Joan moved around to experience the other woman's smaller breasts which
she shared with Bob. Soon Bob had another idea. He moved around to Joan 
and before she knew it had her panties down to her feet. While she 
sucked tits Bob muzzled her pussy from behind.  Joan lifted her knee 
over onto the table to give Bob better access to her love hole.  I 
watched yet another magnificent ass and pussy being licked and sucked 
whilst the owner pleasured my wife's tits.  Both sluts moaned as their 
pussies and ass holes were licked and teased. It was the horniest thing 
I had ever seen in my life. 

Until, while her pussy and ass hole were being mauled, she opened her
eyes and suddenly looked towards Joan. I knew that feral look. Her eyes 
were hard and demanding. She had lost control of herself. It was the 
look she got just before she would pull my cock towards her and make me 
mount her but I wasn't there for her this time. Instead, in her 
frustration, she grabbed Joan's hair with one hand and with the other 
roughly grabbed Joan's left breast whilst she pinched the nipple as 
hard as she could. Joan's lips parted as she cried out. Only to find my 
wife's tongue forcing itself into her mouth. With all three of their 
orifices attended to, both women simultaneously and violently jerked as 
their bodies went through wave after wave of orgasm whilst coming on 
the faces of the men who were attending to their pussies. 
