New York is frozen, but Sam’s too worn out to notice. Despite his exhaustion, he makes Powder his first stop once his plane lands. He wanders around the parking lot for almost thirty minutes before going inside, trying to find some trace of his brother on the cold asphalt. He stands roughly where he thinks Dean was first grabbed and doesn’t feel much of anything. The thumpa-thumpa of bass is emanating out from the club behind him like the world’s largest heart, and there are clumps of people laughing a few rows away by a beat-up sedan, and it’s quiet in Sam’s head.

When he finally works up the nerve to go inside, he finds Powder packed with feverish twenty-somethings. There are more people here than he expected to find on a Monday night, especially after a shooting, and for a few minutes he hangs back by the door, bewildered. Then bits and pieces of different conversations start to sink in—right outside the front door, no one knows who did it, the papers say it was a professional—and he realizes what’s going on.

These people are here because of the murder. They want to sniff around: get a little vicarious rush. He wonders with a flare of anger whether they’d be hotter for it if they knew that the girl’s murder was only half of the picture. They’d probably fall all over each other to watch the tape of his brother’s abduction.

‘Well, I’ll say it again. Demons I get: people are crazy.’

“Dean?” Sam blurts, turning around. The word is out of his mouth before he realizes that the voice was in his head, just a half-buried memory. He pinches the bridge of his nose with two fingers of his left hand and takes a shuddering breath.

Pull it together, Sammy, Dean’s voice whispers again, and there’s the phantom feel of a hand resting between his shoulder blades. I’ve got you.

Dean, Sam thinks, and rushes outside to puke in privacy.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
He comes back the next night. Rested and forewarned, he’s better prepared for the noise and the crowds. Although his chest tightens alarmingly, his stomach stays where it’s supposed to and his vision remains clear. He takes his time, just drifting around the edges of the feverish throng at first: letting himself adjust. When he feels settled enough, he edges in and starts asking questions.

Everyone he finds who was here that night remembers Dean. Sam has never been the jealous type, but he feels jealous now, listening to them talk. It’s partially because these strangers were in the same room as his brother only five days ago, breathing Dean’s air when Sam still didn’t know he was alive. Mostly, though, it’s the way they talk about him.

Gorgeous, they say, and beautiful. The Dean they paint with their words is unapproachable, sculpted grace. Even the guys have to admit that he was … compelling. One girl says, in complete seriousness, that she didn’t think he was real until her friend saw him too.

When Sam swallows his own bitterness and says that no one’s that good looking, the girl agrees with him.

Sam gapes at her a little. “But you just said—”

“Oh, he was hot, sure. But it was more the way he moved, you know?” She sounds wistful. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen anyone move like that, so comfortable with their body, you know? It was kind of like watching a—”

“Wolf,” Sam says. His voice sounds dull in his own ears, but she doesn’t seem to notice. Instead her eyes light in recognition as she nods.

“Yeah, just like.”

“Did he talk to anyone?” he asks, trying to steer the conversation back onto less painful paths.

Unlike the thirty-odd other people Sam has talked to so far, this girl nods. “Oh, sure. For almost ten minutes, I think.”

Sam suddenly wishes he paid more attention to her name, but all he can remember is that it was something like Sherri or Sharon. Maybe Shelly. He thinks he could kiss her.

“Guy or girl? Do you know who? A name, maybe?”

“Well, that’s why I remember. He was talking to Megan Capel.”

That name sounds vaguely familiar for some reason, but Sam can’t place it. He shakes his head. “I’m sorry, who?”

“You know, that girl who got shot.” Sherri/Sharon gives a full-bodied shudder that’s obviously faked. “It’s kinda creepy, isn’t it? One minute you’re scoring the hottest guy in the place, the next you’re … well … worm food.”

She’s looking at him like she’s hoping he’ll comfort her, but all Sam can see in his head is that grainy surveillance video. The tiny figure at the top of the screen crumpling as Dean is dragged toward the waiting SUV.

Flushed and a little dizzy, Sam excuses himself and stumbles outside. The cold air and silence hit him with a shock, making his breath stutter. He glances to the side where the girl on the tape—Megan Capel—was standing.

Blood stains asphalt unless you spend a lot of time washing it off, but there’s no indication that someone was killed here except for a small bunch of daisies. As he watches, the wind catches one of them and tumbles it off into the darkness.

Sam leans against the wall and dials Bobby on his cell. When Bobby picks up, he asks, “What do you know about Megan Capel?”

“The girl who was killed?” Bobby says, sounding surprised. “Not much. I just assumed she was in the wrong place at the wrong time.”

Sam bites back on all the names he wants to call the man right now—on accusations of laziness and stupidity that he learned from his father—and simply says, “Dean went to Powder to see her.”

Bobby swears, low and angry. Looks like he doesn’t like being blindsided any more than Sam does. There’s the muffled sound of papers being shuffled and then Bobby’s back with: “She lived in Queens with a roommate: you want the address?”
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
It’s ten o’clock at night when Sam knocks on Regina Katz’s door, but he can’t wait until morning. Dean’s clock is ticking, and Sam has wasted enough time on his own emotions already. He has an excuse ready when the door opens, revealing a sallow young woman with skittish eyes and fire engine red hair, but it turns out he doesn’t need it. The smell of pot is strong in the apartment, and Regina is so relieved that he isn’t here to bust her but to ask some follow up questions about her roommate that she swings the door open wide and invites him in for coffee. The question of why he’s working so late never comes up.

Interrogation is an art form Sam excels at: one of the few areas John cared about where he’s better than Dean. Dean was never patient enough, always pushing too hard to get to the information and unwilling to try coaxing it out through gentler methods. Sam’s never had a problem with a slow approach. He knows how to work the sympathetic angle when it’s necessary, and when he needs to relax back into a couch with a sprung back and loosen his tie a bit. Regina stares his throat without even bothering to hide that she’s looking, and Sam offers her a slow smile.

She tells him everything. Most of it he already knows because Bobby read the police records to him over the phone on his way here, but when she’s finished going over the basics she chews on a strand of hair and watches him. He can tell that she isn’t tapped out yet.

“Anything else you could tell me about Megan?” he prods, and even goes so far as to take a sip of the black sludge she made for him. It tastes like she mixed up the coffee grinds with her weed stash, but he manages to keep a straight face. “Great coffee,” he lies, and her eyes light up.

“You want some cookies with that? I think I got some Oreos around here somewhere.” She gets up and starts looking underneath the piles of trash that litter the floor. If she thinks Sam’s going to put anything else she offers him down his throat, she’s higher than he thought.

“Maybe later,” he says, putting his coffee cup back down on the table. “You sure you don’t know anything else, Regina? Maybe why she went to that club on that particular night?”

She glances at him, lip caught between her teeth. Her fingers snap nervously against her thigh.

“Cause my boss is really riding my ass on this one,” Sam adds, and sets his face in the earnest, hopeful expression that generally gets him what he wants.

Regina licks her lips and inches closer. “Megs was broke,” she says, and then stops. Glances nervously at the door.

Sam resists the impulse to get up and shake the truth out of her. If he pushes, she’ll clam up. If he waits, she’ll spill everything. Sam knows that the same way he always knows what angle to take with leads, following the trail laid down by facial ticks and body tells. Right now, he can see that Regina Katz has a chunk of knowledge that terrifies her. She doesn’t want anyone to know that she knows: is afraid of some kind of reprisal. But she also wants to tell someone.

She wants to tell him.

Waiting is hard, especially with what’s at stake, but Sam has had a lot of practice playing this particular game with his brother. Talking with Dean about important things—chick flick shit—always has to be handled with the same gentle pushes and strained silences. Like dealing with a skittish animal.

“Megs was broke,” Regina repeats finally. “And then, three weeks before she got popped, she starts spending like she was Paris Hilton or something. I asked her where it came from, you know? Cause I didn’t want no dirty money coming into my place.”

She adds the last in a rush that doesn’t sound true, and Sam suspects that what Regina was really interested in was the possibility of getting some of that cash for herself. As if Sam gives a shit about anyone’s petty desires and vices right now.

“But like I told the other cops, Megs, she says it’s for a favor for a friend. ‘What kind of a favor?’ I ask, and she tells me to mind my own beeswax.”

She stops then, looking a little cross, and Sam can tells she’s remembering the argument. This is all still old information, right there in black and white in the police reports, but Sam has a feeling he knows what she was holding back now.

“Did you ever find out what the favor was?” he prods, leaning forward on his knees.

Regina refocuses on him, brow furrowed. Sam keeps his face reassuring, and eager, and trustworthy. This is the moment that counts, the make-or-break heartbeat that comes in every interrogation. Because Regina’s been asked that question before, and she’s lied every time.

But now her face smoothes out and she says, “I think it had to do with drugs. I saw her stick something in her purse that night she got shot. This little glass tube like in the movies, you know? Like coke or some grade A heroin or something. I, uh, woulda called in and reported her, ‘cept I had this splitting headache and all. And then, uh, what with her getting killed and all I—I was scared. You ain’t gonna tell anyone I saw, right? Or—or maybe I could get some protection?”

She sounds close to tears and Sam wonders for the first time if she’s on something stronger than weed. In another time and place, he’d be concerned about her, would spend some time consoling her and maybe gently steer her toward the nearest rehab clinic. Tonight, though, he’s balanced on the razor sharp edge of understanding what happened to Dean, and he can’t waste even a second.

He isn’t sure, later, exactly what he says to calm Regina down enough that he can sprint down to the first floor of the apartment building and out onto the street. A cab takes him to NYPD headquarters, and he somehow manages to talk his way past the front desk and into an interrogation room where a helpful officer brings him everything they have on the ‘Wolfman Murders’.

When he’s done reading through the file, Sam sits back in his chair and stares at his reflection in the one-way glass while tiny shudders run through his muscles. He can’t tell if he’s frightened or furious or a sickening combination of both.

Dean came to New York to investigate a series of ‘savage attacks’. The victims’ bodies were literally ripped apart, and their hearts removed. The killer carved images into the bones. Moons and jagged wolves, and other symbols that the police seem to think are arrows, but which Dean would have recognized, as Sam does, as the rune teiwaz: the mark of the god Tyr.

Tyr, who lost his hand while binding the great wolf Fenrir, and who was, according to some, the first berserker.

There was one victim a night for almost three weeks before Dean was taken, and then the murders stopped. Nineteen victims in all and the police had no leads and only one witness.

No witnesses, now.

Sam wonders what Megan told Dean when he cornered her in the club. He wonders what sob story she offered, and how she managed to slip something into his drink—water, according to the bartender—without him noticing. Without him smelling or tasting it with those heightened senses of his.

He wonders whether she actually watched the murder she claimed to have seen. Wonders whether she cared about all those deaths, and how the bastards who took Dean got her to wait outside that night: whether she’d been at all worried about the possibility of a double cross.

What Sam knows as he slowly makes his way back to his motel is this:

Dean was lured here by a series of murders specifically designed to attract his attention.

Working for the man or men who were executing the murders, Megan Capel set herself up as the only possible witness. When Dean arranged a meeting with her, she drugged him and was later rewarded for her efforts with a bullet to the head.

The price she put on Dean’s life is thirty thousand dollars: a near fortune to someone like Megan or Regina.

Human souls are selling cheap these days.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
The trail doesn’t just go cold after that: it vanishes to nothing. No one at Powder remembers anything about the men who followed Dean outside, and although Bobby finally locates the SUV, it’s found abandoned and wiped clean in the long-term parking lot at JFK. The blood money Megan Capel deposited into her account was cash, so there’s no lead there either.

Sam goes through his father’s old contact list, taped to the inside cover of the journal, and finds three psychics—legit, according to John—either in or neighboring New York City. The first is an older woman with thinning grey hair, and when he hands her one of Dean’s old shirts, all she gets is a strange wash of grey and an impression of iron bars.

The second psychic—a man named Lewis Ferron—gets the same images but tells Sam that he’ll try to push past them to whatever the grey is hiding. A moment later, he lets out a hoarse scream and blood rushes from his nose. While Sam is waiting for the paramedics, Lewis grips his hand and mutters something about death magic and warding rituals.

The man dies before they get to the hospital, and when Sam knocks on the third psychic’s door, the short Haitian woman on the other side takes one look at him (into him, through him) and slams it again. “You done be messin with some bad mojo, and I doan hold no truck with that!” she shouts through the peeling wood.

No one with any real supernatural power will so much as speak to him after that.

Sometime during the third week of fruitless searching, Sam realizes that he isn’t feeling much of anything anymore. He thinks that between Dean being alive, Bobby knowing about it, and Dean being gone again, he may have permanently fried some essential circuit in his brain. He should probably be concerned, but the only emotion left to him, firing on repeat like a gun with the trigger stuck, is restless dread.

Time is sliding through his fingers like a greased cartridge. He doesn’t know who has Dean, or why, or what they’re doing to him. Hell, for all Sam knows, his brother could be dead by now—for real this time: no take backs.

After a month, the credit card he’s been using for the motel goes bad and he has to move. He still has a few more cards stashed in his wallet, holdovers from the old days, but he feels strangely reluctant to use them. These are cards Dean applied for and handed to him with a grin, and he can’t shake the irrational feeling that as long as the credit line is still good, he’ll get his brother back in one piece.

Funny what the human brain will come up with.

He scrapes together enough cash to rent himself a shit hole of a motel room for four days and then starts filling out new card applications. As he writes, it isn’t Dean he remembers—chuckling and grinning as he comes up with the most outlandish names—but Dad. Dad hunched over a worn table with a weary expression as he filled out application after application while Dean read comics on the bed and Sam looked over his father’s shoulder. He’s seven in that particular memory, too young to know it was wrong: too young to know there was anything out in the night.

Sam pauses with his hand clenched on the pen and blinks back sudden tears. It’s stupid: he’s sitting in the roach-infested motel room with ten dollars and a couple of fraudulent credit cards he can’t bear to use the only thing standing between him and starvation. He’s sitting here sobbing over a credit card application and feeling nothing inside. He doesn’t even know who he’s crying for: Dad or Dean? Himself? Hell, maybe all three of them.

He lives off Ramen and filched salad bar condiments for the next couple of days and then an envelope shows up for him at the front desk with a check from Missouri tucked inside. Sam calls her up and thanks her, and she breaks down crying over the phone. Slightly bewildered, he asks her what’s wrong.

“Sam, honey, it ain’t me: it’s you,” she says.

He still doesn’t know what she’s talking about, but he thanks her again and promises to call and then hangs up and goes to get his first real meal since his card crashed.

A few days later, there’s another envelope waiting for him: this one from Bobby. It contains a check from Singer Salvage to the tune of six hundred dollars and a note.

Missouri said you could use this. Call me if you find anything. Or if you just need to talk. 
-B

Sam doesn’t call Bobby, not sure if he’s afraid of rousing his anger again or terrified that he still won’t feel anything but the clock ticking Dean’s life away. He cashes the check, though. He isn’t quite proud enough to send it back.

Between the money Bobby and Missouri sent him, he manages to stay at the Hideaway Bunk until the new cards come. Then he moves to the other side of the city, takes on another name, and passes a thin piece of plastic to the weasel-faced man behind the desk. He still needs some kind of actual cash flow, though—wants to save the cards to keep a roof over his head—and he can’t keep relying on Missouri and Bobby to bail him out.

Holding a job isn’t an option. It’s pointless to spend all of his time walking the streets hunting for a new lead, but his skin itches whenever he’s in one place for too long. His nights are spent at Powder under the deluded, desperate hope that the bastards who took Dean will arbitrarily deposit him back there.

There’s only one quick, easy method of acquiring money left to him, and once or twice a week he finds himself abandoning Powder for the smaller, dingier bars across the water in Jersey. He picks his destinations at random, his only criteria being a packed house and a pool table. Pulling his own fingernails out one by one would probably be more enjoyable: Dean’s ghost hangs over this world in thick, greasy smudges. The entire time Sam holds the cue in his hands, there’s a heavy pressure in his chest as if he’s almost—but not quite—on the verge of feeling.

Those nights his dreams are filled with a restless, Lovecraftian assemblage of bars and motel rooms. He runs from one rotting, mildewed room to another through a series of interconnecting hallways—or maybe it’s the same hallway in different places, because they’re all identical: they’re all the upstairs hallway of their old house in Lawrence.

Smoke chokes the air like a warning. Ash flakes from the walls and puffs up underneath his feet. It lands like snowflakes in his panting mouth. The contrast between fiery hall and dank rooms shocks his system as he sprints endlessly from one to the other and back again. He’s searching for something—something precious, something vital—but he can never remember just what’s missing. What’s been stolen from him.

When Sam wakes, it’s with tears on his cheeks and Dean’s name still hanging in the cool, unburnt air of his motel room.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
Four months into his futile search, at the Moonlight Motel and on his third credit card, Sam goes to sleep one night thinking of Dean. That in itself isn’t anything new—he thinks of Dean these days the way he imagines devout priests think of God, with a prayer in every heartbeat—but this time his mind wanders to the memory of one summer day when he was sixteen and Dad was gone on a hunt.

They were in Connecticut, in the middle of an excruciating heat wave, and the air conditioning in the motel room where they were staying was broken. Sam was miserable in the soupy air, sticking to every surface and spending twenty minutes with his head stuck underneath the bathroom sink until the metallic water coming out started to feel even hotter than the air.

Dean dragged him outside and half-enticed, half-goaded him the two and a half miles to a small, secluded lake he’d heard about from one of the motel maids. They both stripped when they got there, plunging in even before their clothes hit the dirt and coming up shaking water from their hair like dogs.

On the edge of sleep, Sam is weary enough to admit that his desire isn’t a recent thing. Because he remembers Dean’s chest vividly, with its splatter of freckles in the shape of a ginkgo leaf just above the left nipple. He remembers each rivulet of water sliding across his brother’s broad shoulders, remembers the flash of Dean’s teeth in a rare, unguarded smile. He remembers his mouth going dry as he watched Dean haul himself out of the water after, all sleek muscles and grace. Remembers being confused and a little alarmed at his reaction: dwelling on it as he followed his brother ashore.

Then Dean quirked an eyebrow at him and said, “Don’t wanna alarm you, dude, but there’s a leech chomping on your ass.” By the time Sam calmed down enough to realize that Dean was yanking his chain, he’d forgotten that he was anything but annoyed with his brother.

But yeah, this sickness of his isn’t anything new.

As if to punish him for denying that part of himself for so many years, when Sam finally succumbs to sleep, his dream takes him back to that day. It’s real enough that he can feel the pressure of the moisture-thick air on his skin and the gentle current that he and Dean create as they move through the water. Everything flows just the way it’s supposed to until the moment when Dean is supposed to make his oh-so-witty leech comment, and instead makes a move on Sam.

Dean’s hand is softer than it has any right to be, the way he’s been brought up, and Sam would tease his brother about using hand moisturizer if he wasn’t too busy trying to catch his breath. That’s Dean’s hand wrapped around his cock, jacking him slow and steady. That’s Dean’s voice, muttering filthysexy things as he works Sam to fullness: come on, baby, so fucking hot like this, want you to come on me, gonna feel so good.

Then there’s one of those dream stutters and they’re in a featureless motel room that could be any one of a hundred they’ve stayed at over the years. Dean is spread out and shaking beneath Sam, on his back with his knees bent and his legs parted, and Sam is plunging into that tight heat, thrusting hard and deep as he bites at that ginkgo-shaped constellation on his brother’s chest. Dean’s full lips are parted in a pant, and it’s sinful how turned on he looks, hard cock bumping into Sam’s stomach as Sam rocks into him.

“Sammy,” Dean moans, like he’s on fire, like he’s praying, and Sam’s orgasm slams into him and

thrusts him out of the dream into his bed. He’s confused for a moment because the room looks familiar, and there’s the expected feel of moisture wetting his cheeks, but for some unexplained reason the blankets are damp around his crotch.

He reaches a hand down, cautious, and the sensitivity of his slowly softening cock brings everything home at once: he’s twenty-three (not sixteen), and in New York (not Connecticut), and he just had a wet dream about his brother. His brother who’s missing and being tortured right now for all Sam knows and oh God, how the fuck could he do this to Dean?

Sam stumbles out of bed and into the bathroom, stripping off his sticky boxers as he goes. He turns on the shower and gets in without waiting for the water to heat up. Stands there shivering and nauseated and thinks about how the only thing he really wants to do right now is go back to bed and find that dream again. He wants to hear Dean say his name over and over, worshipful and burning: wants to plunge into his brother hard enough and deep enough that they’ll dissolve into one person.

Instead, he finishes showering and then, even though it’s only four in the morning, he gets dressed and heads out for the day.

He can still feel Dean’s hands on his skin.