Anna's Training Day
by Greenboy44

Anna meets Cora at the park.

Anna took the last few steps back to her car. She hopped in and sat in the driver's seat. Allowing herself to relax. She had just completed her usual 5 mile run. She loved the feeling right after her run. The endorphins effect on her so strong. Her mind crystal clear. She was drenched with sweat.

Anna wore as little as possible on her runs. She had a two piece running outfit. A shear tight fitting running top. It ended a few inches above her navel. Bikini style running bottoms. Never any underwear. She liked the feeling of exhibiting herself. She always had since she was a young girl. As she ran, her breathing increased on her runs. Causing her nipples to rub more and more against the fabric of her top. Hardening her nipples more and more. Until by the end of the run they were amazingly erect. Straining to burst thru the material.

As her legs churned along, the effect on her lower half was similar. The back of the running bottoms slowly raising over her butt checks. Exposing them ever so slightly. In the front, the material rode up on her thighs, gathering tighter around her pussy. Her pussy and outer labia becoming more noticeable as she ran.

Anna was 28 years old. Short at 5 feet 3 inches. Lean at 110 pounds. Running had always been her favorite activity. Track team in high school. Cross Country at the small college in Massachusetts she had attended. Even now that she was a working professional in the banking industry, she still found the time to run four to five times a week. She had added yoga to her exercise routine since her graduation from college.

As long as she could remember, she had the perfect runner's body. Which her years of running had only accentuated. Lean, strong legs. Tight small buttocks. Small firm breasts. Large sensitive nipples. She was a beautiful woman.

Anna had lived in Boston when she first graduated from college. Working hard to establish herself at her company. She had enjoyed it. Both the work and her personal life. There was always something for her to do.

Just before the COVID pandemic struck, Anna received a job offer from a different company. The job would be a step up for her professionally. She would learn more in her new position. She would have more responsibility. Increase her salary. A positive in all respects. Except one. She would need to relocate from Boston to Western Massachusetts. She accepted the job.

She found a quiet, small town to relocate to. It would be change in life style for her. But Anna looked at it as a temporary situation. This new job could be a stepping stone for her to even better opportunities in the future.

Not everything was worse in her new home town. A huge surprise bonus was the large, beautiful park within the town. Private. Quiet. It seemed to be an unknown treasure in the area. Open grass areas. Wooded paths with trees in other places. Running and walking trails everywhere. A paradise for Anna to run in.

As the COVID pandemic took over, one other thing changed. Anna, like so many other workers, was allowed to work from home. This let her set her own daily work schedule. She was fresher and had more energy earlier in the day than later. Anna soon began taking her runs in the middle of the day during her lunch time.

As she ran along the trails of the park, Anna would encounter other people. Usually only a few each day. The local townsfolk. Mainly, middle aged woman. Walking. Or walking their dogs. Anna usually had to try and keep herself from smirking as she blasted past them on her runs. Most out of shape. Wearing old, outdated clothing. She would still greet them as she went by them. They would never seem to know how to respond to the nearly naked young woman as she ran along. Most ignored her or stammered something.

Today had been no different. She had run by a women that she had seen a few times before in the park. Tall. Well built. Possibly even attractive looking. It was hard to tell under the many layers of clothes she seemed to always wear. Years behind the current clothing styles. It was the same every time Anna saw her. Looking sloppy. Walking her dog. Out of control. Her dog leading her. Her stumbling along. What a show she was. Anna almost burst out laughing when she saw her today. The lady just glared at Anna as she ran by her. Anna had named the woman Mildred. A name she associated with someone from the 1960s.

Now as she sat in her car thinking of the bumbling woman she started to laugh.

Monday. Start of a fresh work week. The morning had gone better than expected for Anna. She had finished most of her days work in the morning. She could take an extra long run at lunch. Even better, it was a perfect weather day for running. 75. Slightly cloudy. A little breeze.

Anna picked her favorite running route at the park today. She was about half way thru her run when she noticed her left sneaker was untied. She paused, bent down, quickly tied it and stood up to resume her run. To her surprise, Mildred and her dog were standing in front of her.

At least it seemed like Mildred. Anna was stunned. She almost did not recognize Mildred. The woman in front of Anna was strikingly attractive. Anna guessed she was about fifty years old. Six feet tall.

Mildred was dressed in tight black exercise pants. Wearing a stylish tank top with no sleeves. The tank top showed off her arms, which were toned and muscular. She had no bra on. Her breasts were large and barely contained within the tank top. She wore a small backpack. She gave off a sense of command and power.

Mildred was in much better shape than Anna had ever imagined from their previous encounters.

Mildred introduced herself. "I must apologize for my prior lack of social politeness. I have seen you multiple times running before. I have never introduced myself. I am Cora. This is my amazing dog Duke. After seeing you last week, I decided I would better present myself for the next time we met. I am so glad it is today".

"You must think I am such a fool. Stumbling around the trails with Duke. I think today will be so much different. First let me introduce you to Duke. You will be very surprised to learn that I have trained Duke since he was a young puppy. He is a very well trained dog. He listens and behaves me. He knows I am his master". With that Cora removed Dukes leash.

She gestured and motioned with her hand. Duke sat down. Perfectly still. At attention.

"Please. Go over and introduce yourself to Duke. He would truly enjoy if you patted him. Try and get to know him."

Anna felt confused. How could she have been so wrong about this woman? Cora seemed so nice and pleasant. Anna stepped over and began petting Duke. He was a beautiful white Lab. Good sized. Sixty-seventy pounds. He sat perfectly still and looked in her eyes as Anna patted him.

As Anna patted him she felt something touch her neck. Something was being placed around her neck. She reached up and felt something around her neck. She turned around. Cora was standing directly behind her. She was holding a leash in her hand. It was attached to a collar which was around Anna's neck. Dukes collar had been snapped into place around her neck. Cora had silently moved up behind her as she patted Duke and applied the collar.

Anna was startled. She tugged at the collar. The fit was secure and snug. The leash was made of the best and softest leather. She could not remove it.

"What are you doing? Have you lost your mind? Take this off me".

Cora stared at her. "The sophisticated pretty little rich girl. So much better than me. I saw how you looked down on me whenever you ran by us. Your laughter. Smirking. I was trash to you."

Anna: "Are you crazy? You insane bitch. Take this off me. Immediately."

Cora: "If you are going to live in this beautiful small town with Duke and me then you must learn some manners".

"Today I will train you to behave like a proper young lady. You will learn to show people the respect they deserve."

Anna was in such a growing panic she barely heard the last words Cora had said. She pried at the collar with all her strength. But there was no removing it. It was firmly on her.

Cora: "The collar has a special combination lock. Only I can remove it. Save your energy."

She tried to run, hoping to pull the leash from Cora's hands. But Cora was much stronger than her. She simply pulled on the leash and bought Anna back under her control.

A feeling of dread was spreading over Anna. She was beginning to realize she was not going to be able to escape.

Cora. "Struggling will do you no good. I am not going to hurt you. The sooner you stop fighting this the better it is for you. We can start your training. Then you can be released."

Cora was much larger and stronger than Anna. She gave the leash a couple of tugs. Jarring Anna. Demonstrating to Anna that she physically stronger than her. Pulling her forward. At the same time she signaled Duke. He came over and nudged/nipped at Anna's heels. Herding her like a sheep dog to move.

Anna started forward. Walking. She was the prisoner of this woman. Cora pulled the leash a few more times. Pulling Anna. Showing her over and over her power and control over her. Anna slowly accepted she had little control over what was happening.

The first lesson was started. Anna was instructed to walk slightly in front of Cora. At the same pace as Cora. In unison with Cora's steps. Cora had Anna walk. Then stop. Over and over they practiced this. It became even worse when Cora slipped a small candy treat into Anna's mouth. Cora praised her. Telling how well she was doing. Anna felt degraded.

She did not know it but Cora special treats were laced with a slight aphrodisiac. It would take many treats to have a large effect on Anna. But after a few the slightest effect would start to take hold.

Anna's training continued. The next step added was for her to kneel down and then get on all fours. As she did so, Cora knelt next to her. Slipping another treat in her mouth. Whispering words of praise in her ear. She felt Cora's hand reach up under her top. Lightly stroking up and down her back. From her head down to her tail bone. Gentling rubbing her. Up and down her back. Her touch felt good. Anna could feel her skin tingle. A shiver ran thru her. She could feel her nipples tightening just a little.

Anna's training continued. Walk. Stop. Get on all fours. All in unison with Cora. With Cora's commands. Once again Cora's hand rubbing her back. Reaching the small of her back and this time reaching under the back of her running bottoms. Gentling rubbing her butt checks. Cora's caress was smooth. Soft. Anna could feel herself starting to relax. Her breathing was slowing down.

Anna was soon taught to respond to just pulls on the leash. She knew what each tug meant. Walk. Stop. Kneel. Kneel on fours. Have proper form as she walked. Cora's praise continued. She told Anna how well she was doing. What a beautiful woman she was. How pleased she was with her.

Cora announced a new phase of training would begin. She ordered Anna to remove all her clothing. Sneakers. Top. Bottoms. Anna hesitated very slightly but complied. She removed all her of her running outfit. Giving them to Cora who put them in the backpack she was wearing.

Anna stood naked in front of Cora. Totally exposed. She was not a lesbian but her inner exhibition fetish was difficult to suppress. Anna realized it was greater than usual because she had no control over the situation.

Cora slowly gazed at Anna. "What a beautiful girl you are. Running around in the park with no underwear. Displaying your body. Legs. Cleanly shaved pussy. Look how your nipples are responding. You are enjoying this right now. Being exposed. The feeling of me looking at you. "

They resumed their walk. With Anna naked. Repeating the same steps again. Walk, Stop. Kneel. All fours. This time when Anna was on all fours, Cora more thoroughly massaged Anna from her shoulders to the small of her back, then down to her butt checks. Talking her time and working on Anna's muscles. Relaxing her. Having her take deep breaths. Then reaching around and over Anna's butt from behind. Between her legs. Lightly fondling her. Rubbing her outer labia lips together until they opened. Giving Cora greater access to Anna. Then briefly inserting a finger and then two further into Anna. Feeling the slightest bit of growing dampness in Anna's pussy. All the while praising her as if she was her dog. As if Anna was Duke. Giving her a treat. Telling her what a good girl she was.

Anna knew she was responding to the training. In a way she could never have imagined. She wanted to fight it, but her body was not cooperating. She could feel her mind and body opening up to Cora's instruction.

Cora noticed as well. When they returned to walking, she could how Anna's body language had changed from the beginning. She was almost eager to continue walking. Her stride was almost bouncing as she walked. Her tight buns going up and down. Her nipples prominently extending. Anna now seemed very comfortable with displaying herself as they walked. She had no idea that Anna would respond to her training like this. This all made Cora feel all the more powerful.

Anna leash pulled soon again. This pull signaled the down on all fours position. Anna assumed her position. Cora kneeled down behind her. Anna could feel Cora's finger tips lightly touching her buns. One check, then the other. Gliding over them. The touch was maddening. Soon up and down her ass crack. Up and down and all over. Her skin tingled from the treatment.

She then felt Cora hand hold her left butt check. Lightly at first then more firmly. It seemed to fit perfectly in Cora's hand. As her butt check was gripped, it was slowly massaged. Deeper and deeper Cora's fingers probed into Anna's butt muscles. Anna had very hard and firm butt checks for all her running. They were like steel small buns of muscle. But Anna could feel that Cora had strong hands. First her left check. Then her right check. Cora was being very patient. Anna could feel her muscles relaxing. Loosening in her butt. Her hard butt muscles relaxing and opening up.

Then Anna felt it. The lightest touch. Cora was starting to spank her. A light tap on her left check, then her right check. Soft at first. In rhythm. One and then the other. A continuous pattern. Anna's butt twitched slightly with each spank. It was not painful... it was new sensation for Anna to deal with the feeling.

Anna felt the spanking growing firmer. Harder. Her butt muscles had been relaxed from the earlier massaging. Her ass checks were shaking. Her thighs were shaking. Her butt muscles had been relaxed thru Cora's rubbing. So Anna was having trouble resisting the spanking. Anna felt defenseless against the spanking. The spanking was absorbing into her. She could feel it thru her whole body. Her ass checks were stinging. It was painful as it increased. She started to involuntarily cry out. Then it stopped.

Cora hand reached under Anna's bottom. Anna could feel the fingers brush her pussy. Making her shiver. Cora was fondling her. Rubbing her lips until they opened. Probing into her vagina. Now she found herself moaning out. Then it stopped.

The spanking resumed. Harder. Firmer. Cora was so much stronger now. Anna could feel her ass checks shaking with each spank. Opening to the spanking. Anna body was starting to move with each spank. Accepting it. She could feel the warmth of the spanking from her ass spreading towards her sex. She felt tears dropping from her eyes. Then it stopped again.

Cora reached back under to Anna's pussy. Reinserting her fingers. Fondling her. Probing her. Brushing her clitoris. Rubbing. Anna sex felt so warm. Her juices were starting to drip out of her. She was moaning again. She had never been handled and felt like this before. She felt she was going to release into a powerful building orgasm. Then it stopped again.

Cora stood up. Pulling the leash with the signal to stand. Anna sighed out. Moaned. Then slowly stood. Cora said nothing. They resumed walking.

Anna could feel the redness in her ass checks as they walked. Her juices were still flowing out of her. As she walked the juice from her pussy started to run down her thighs. She could not help but groan more as they walked. She felt so aroused.

Cora saw it as well. The beautiful tight ass checks were red from the spanking. Twitching as Anna walked.

Soon the lease was pulled again to stop. But the next command was new. Cora instructed Anna to lay down on her back. After Anna layed down. Cora removed a vial from her backpack. She dipped her fingers into and came over to Anna. Lightly rubbed the application over both of Anna's breasts. Anna watched carefully as Cora applied the cream. It looked like a combination of syrup and cream but more cream like. Less was applied on her breasts and more on her nipples. It felt like an ointment of some kind. It was cool sensation on her skin. It had a pleasant smell. It stayed where it was on Anna after it was applied.

Cora stood over Anna. Still holding the leash. Cora tightened the leash slightly to keep Anna firmly in her place. Then Cora made a signal to Duke. Duke came over to Anna. Anna watched as Duke circled her. Soon he was focusing in on the cream on her breasts. Hovering and sniffing for a moment. Then gently beginning to lap and lick at Anna's breasts. Slowly on first. Anna could feel the large warm tongue of Duke. Slowly he licked around her left breast. Then shifted to her right breast. Licking the cream off her. The dogs tongue felt nice. Duke slowly licked off everything from her breasts.

Anna was blessed with small but firm breasts. From her breasts extended one of her bodies best features, her nipples. They easily became erect. She always enjoyed showing them off. When not at work, she rarely wore a bra. Enjoying the feeling and stares she received when she went out. They were also very sensitive. Anna breathing increased. She could feel her nerves building as Duke began to focus on the cream on her nipples.

Her fears were justified. Her nipples responded almost immediately to the dogs attention. The continual and repeated licking were causing her nipples to extend further and further out. They were hardening more than ever. Anna was starting to moan very softly. At first it was a growing pleasure. But as Duke was allowed to lick Anna's nipples longer and longer -- Anna nipples were swelling in pain. Like she was being nursed. Her nipples were becoming painful from the dogs attention. Raw from being licked so much. Her nipples had never been treated like this before. Duke did not want to stop as he had with the cream on her breasts. He almost seemed to sense the effect he was having. Long after the cream was gone the dog continued to lick Anna's nipples. Only when Anna cried out in pain did Cora motion for Duke to cease and back off.

Anna's break was short. Cora once again opened the same vial. Coming over to Anna she stood over her. Rubbing some of the cream in her groin and the tops of her thighs. She stepped back and held the leash tight. Gesturing for Duke.

Anna eyes grew wide. She knew what would happen. But she was unable to move. She was being kept securely in place with her collar and leash. Duke slowly walked over. Quickly finding the tasty cream on Anna's thighs and groin area. Duke finished his tasting of her thighs and groin area quickly, licking off all the cream. Anna exhaled a little and relaxed. But the dog did not back off. He sensed something else. He put his nose right near Anna's pussy. Putting his nose right on it. Licking gently. He was attracted by the smell and juice from Anna's pussy that leaked out from Anna's earlier spanking. Anna kept her legs closed tightly. She tried to cover her pussy with her hands. She would not let Cora train her like this. She was determined. Cora could have pulled on the leash harder to force Anna to remove her hands but chose not to. Cora continue to watch.

Duke was persistent. He licked a few more times. He sniffed. Anna could not push his large head away. Duke forced his head by her hands. The wetness of his nose pushing on top of Anna's pussy. Her legs opening just the slightest bit in response. He was able to get his tongue in the opening for a few licks. Right on the top of her pussy lips. Brushing up and down. Then repeating. Teasing Anna. Anna could not believe it. The dogs lapping at her pussy felt so good. She was losing her control to the beautiful dog. She was responding to him. Anna's legs opened just a little more. That was all Duke needed. He inserted his large head between Anna's legs so she could not close them. Anna gasped in shock. The dog was between her legs. Anna mind raced. Her thoughts dropped. The dog now had access to her. He was in control of her sex.

Duke began very patiently licking and lapping at Anna's pussy. He licked all the prior pussy juice off her thighs. Then focused on gaining access to inside her pussy. His tongue was unlike anything Anna had felt before. So large and wet. Her pussy had never been licked like this. He put his head even closer to Anna's pussy. Forcing her legs further apart. Duke began to lick fuller and longer. From one end of her labia to the top. Soon the outer labia had opened and the dog inserted his tongue more fully into Anna's sex. Probing her. Lapping at her. The large tongue completely inside her. Soon brushing back and forth over her clitoris. The warmth and moisture of his tongue filling her up.

Anna could not resist the continued lapping inside her pussy. She knew it. She was becoming uncontrollably aroused by the beautiful dog. Tears were welling in her eyes. She had lost control to Duke. Her juice was starting to pour out of her. Duke was lapping it up. His lapping causing more and more juice to flow from Anna. Drinking from her like she was his water bowl. Her body was moving, she was raising her hips to meet the dogs tongue. She felt herself building for an overwhelming orgasm. Moaning in incredible pleasure.

Then it stopped. Duke backed off. Anna cried out looking at Cora. "Please. No. Do not stop. I am begging you. I will behave. Let Duke continue. Please." But all Cora did was gaze down on her and pull the leash with the signal to stand up.

Cora had watched carefully. She had never expected this to happen. Or ever seen anything like this. She knew Duke was a smart and perceptive dog. She knew he would like licking the cream off Anna. That the licking would feel good for Anna. But she had no idea he would sense the sexual arousal of Anna. And continue to prime her. To take over her. The reaction from Anna had been incredible. First her nipples and now her pussy. Her arousal. She was now in the firm control of Anna. Her training was going even better than Cora could ever have hoped.

Anna stood. She and Cora began walking again. Her sex was swollen. Enlarged. It had never felt like this before. She did not care anymore that she was naked. Or leashed and collared. Or that she was being trained by Cora. And that the training was working on her. She could sense Cora had a growing control over her. She was accepting it. Her mind was now totally on the irresistible sexual arousal she was feeling.

Anna and Cora continued their walk. Another new item was added. Cora removed the leash from the Anna's collar. Anna was still naked but she could run away if she desired. But she did not. She continued to walk in her proper place. As she had been trained to do. This time a hand signal was used for Anna to get on all fours. Anna obeyed.

The day was turning into an unexpected surprise for Cora as well. She had planned her training of Anna. But it had been initially out of anger. She was upset the young attractive girl was smirking at her on her runs. She had felt insulted. She wanted Anna to show her respect.

The training was initially just going to be the collar, practice walking, stopping, etc. Scare her with a dildo she had put in her backpack.

But the day was having a surprising effect on Cora also. She had been married. Never had a relationship with a woman before. But it was difficult not to be attracted to Anna. She was in such great physical shape.

Her anger towards Anna had faded almost immediately. Now the training seemed to be different. What did she want from Anna? She was enjoying training Anna. So she had added the extra training steps. Sexually based training. Now looking at Anna. Her tight red ass checks. Her beautiful erect nipples. The wetness oozing from her sex. All caused by Cora. Her training had caused this reaction in Anna. Anna was accepting it. Becoming under her control. Cora herself felt more excited than she had been in years.

Anna could sense Cora pausing and searching in her backpack. She wanted to peek behind her but did not.

Cora knelt behind her. Anna felt the slightest rubbing against her pussy. Cora had put on a dildo. Her hands were now on Anna's hips. Anna's pussy was still soaking wet. With the littlest thrust forward, the dildo slid just into her pussy. Just a little. Anna could feel her inner labia lips tighten around it.

Cora had correctly guessed that Anna's pussy would be tight. So she had selected a dildo that was intentionally long and wide for Anna. Even with Anna wetness she would fully feel the dildo.

Anna could feel the dildo. It was wide for her pussy. It was filling her and stretching her as Cora slowly inserted it. Very slowly. Cora talking to her as she did. "My beautiful young girl. My pet. You have been so good today. I can see how engorged your pussy is. How badly you need and want this release."

Anna could feel it inside her. It was creating a mixture of pleasure and pain. She wanted to release with an orgasm. She was trying to push back against the dildo but she could not. Cora was holding her still, firmly in positon with her strong hands. With that Cora pulled the dildo out of Anna.

Anna called out. "Yes. Please. Please don't stop. I have learned my lesson today. I will act like a proper young lady. I will treat you and the people of this town with respect".

Cora. "I believe you will behave properly from now on. The training has worked well on you today. You have learned your lesson".

Anna felt Cora reach around and under her. Up towards her nipples. Cora knew exactly how to touch and treat them. She brushed them with her finger tips. Anna tried to tilt them away from Cora hands. They were so raw and sore from Dukes licking. But she could hide not them. Cora gently slapped each nipple. Making them even more erect. So sensitive to the touch. She felt Cora's fingers grip each nipple. Slowly pinching them. Twisting them. Pulling them. Anna could hear herself moaning and calling out in agony.

Anna then felt Cora gently taking each nipple in her finger tips and gently rubbing them over and over again. Her raw, sore nipples being rubbed until they were protruding far out from her breasts. The nipples were so sensitive Anna felt tears rolling down her checks. The rest of her was effected as well. Her breathing was increasing. Her engorged pussy was overflowing. Anna felt herself slowly start to tremble and her body began racking with an overwhelmingly orgasm.

Cora. "I am in total control of you now. You are also now my pet. I am your master."

Anna did not respond. But she knew it was true. No one had ever treated her like this. No one had ever sexually aroused her like this. She had stopped resisting the training from Cora. The older lady, with the dog, that she used to laugh at was now her Master. In control of her sexually.

With that Cora reinserted the dildo into Anna's pussy. Its largeness filling her. Anna could feel the tightness of it in her pussy. It fully filled her. She was involuntarily moaning. Cora's hands were on her hips again. Holding her in place. She could feel Cora pushing the dildo back and forth within her. Slowly Cora was loosening her pussy. Anna pussy becoming even more lubricated. Anna could feel the dildo sliding easier within her. Faster and faster back and forth within her. Cora was vigorously starting to fuck her. Strongly and powerfully using the dildo on her. Anna felt another orgasm building within her. She did not try to resist or hold back. She wanted to orgasm again. She needed it. She let herself open up to the fucking. She released another even more intense orgasm. She felt her body shaking again and then felt herself collapse to the ground.

Cora knelt over Anna. She had such a mixture of emotions as she looked down at her. She removed her collar. Returned her clothes. Gently she stroked her hair. She whispered praise into her ear. "You have been so good today. I am sure that you will be a proper respectful young lady from now. But since today was such a good experience for you. For both of us. I have decided that we will continue our training in the future". With that Cora and Duke walked away.

