"So, Severus, I take it you are satisfied with what you've discovered?" Minerva remarked pointedly, as she buttered her toast.

"In a fashion," Snape replied dryly. “The outcome could have been far worse, at any rate.”

"Perhaps,” Remus interjected, “but I still feel Harry’s wand was returned to him a little too soon. Overall, the boy still seems… out of sorts.”

“Oh?” Minerva frowned. "He appears to be responding favourably to his treatment, though, or have I been misinformed?"

"Yes, he’s doing better, but nonetheless…" Remus coughed. “To be quite frank, Minerva, I’m not sure whether Harry befriending Draco Malfoy is all that healthy for either of them, and that’s assuming those boys only have friendship on their minds.”

“Are you suggesting, Lupin,” Snape enquired, one eyebrow raised in amusement, “that Harry Potter prefers the company of men these days? How… unexpected. He seemed rather enamoured with Miss Weasley not so long ago, did he not? And I believe I heard something about him and Miss Chang being an item, too; in his fifth year, I believe.”

“There is such a thing as bisexuality,” Remus pointed out with an annoyed shake of his head. “Not to mention that your knowledge about someone you profess to despise is nothing short of astounding, Severus.”

“Know thy enemy, Lupin,” Snape retorted sardonically. “A piece of advice you would have done well to remember, keeping in mind that very unfortunate incident last year, when…“

“Gentlemen,” Minerva interrupted them sharply, ending a huge argument before it even began. “Let’s stick to the subject at hand, shall we? So Harry Potter and Draco Malfoy are getting along now?”

“It would appear that way,” Snape said.

She smiled. “That might go a long way to lift both their spirits, and furthermore, it could prove to be a good thing for the school’s morale.”

“Perhaps,” Snape conceded. “Nonetheless, there is also the issue of Mister Riddle to be taken care of. Under no circumstances must that boy remain here.”

Minerva sighed. The more she thought about it, the more strongly she disagreed with that statement, but judging by the nods Severus received, she was clearly outnumbered, if not entirely alone with that point of view.

“Is this seat taken?” Hermione asked Draco.

He shook his head. “Tom doesn’t take this class, as I’m sure you’ve already noticed. Be my guest.”

“Thanks.” She smiled and sat down next to him. “Very few people are interested in this subject, I suppose.”

“Well, admittedly, it can get rather boring.”

She shrugged. “An extra grade is an extra grade, isn’t it?”

“My sentiments exactly,” he said, sounding quite smug. “And whoever thought that you and I would actually agree on something some day, Granger? Life around here just gets more and more intriguing all the time, doesn’t it?”

“Um, Malfoy,” Hermione said. “Before the Professor comes in…”

“Yes?”

She lowered her voice. “Harry told me about- well, that room. We’ll be trying to get in tomorrow morning, very early, to investigate what it’s all about. Do you have any idea when…”

“When they’re going to try to send Tom back?” he finished for her.

She nodded.

“No, not a clue. Hopefully whatever’s in that room will help us figure that out, too. It’s what we’re counting on, at any rate.”

“We can only keep our fingers crossed.” She frowned. “One more thing, though…”

“Yes?”

“Look…” She took a deep breath. “I don’t want to have any bad blood. I mean”—she flinched at her unfortunate choice of words—”I don’t want us to be at odds with one another again, but I do hope you understand that I have to ask this, Draco. I mean, I can’t not. After all, he’s my best friend…”

“Spit it out, Granger,” he said, not bothering to hide his irritation.

“You and Tom, you aren’t intending to hurt Harry anymore, are you? I mean, he told me you…“

Draco grinned in a way Hermione considered to be far too devious. “What did he tell you?”

She coughed. “That the three of you are…um…involved now.”

Draco chuckled softly at her obvious awkwardness, and the mental image of Harry Potter stammering his way through an explanation for his changed relationship with not one but two of his former enemies.

“Aren’t you?” she asked sternly, not in the mood for some infuriating Slytherin mind game.

“Yes, we are, Granger. Of course it’s early days yet, but the… relationship has potential.”

Ignoring the smug look on his face, she went on, “So you can promise me that you’ll never harm him ever again?”

“Yes,” Draco replied simply and as she gave him another beseeching look, he added, “Listen, I’d swear it to you on the Malfoy honour, but I doubt anyone around here would take such a statement seriously, least of all you, so I guess you’ll just have to take my word for this, Granger; I wouldn’t hurt Harry, not anymore.”

Her eyes widened. “You called him Harry.”

Draco shrugged. “Well, it’s his name, isn’t it?”

Hermione opened her mouth to speak again, but just then, the teacher walked in, so she decided to save the rest of the conversation for another day. She already knew what she’d wanted to find out, or at least she hoped she did.

Tom looked around him to make sure that the coast was clear, before he walked over to another bookshelf. Then, much to his astonishment, he bumped into something—or rather, someone—he hadn’t been able to detect.

Acting quickly and without even the slightest bit of hesitation, he grabbed hold of the invisible person and pushed him or her down to the ground, ready to deliver a few punches or at the very least a hard-hitting hex.

“Stop! Wait!” a panicked voiced protested. The rustling of heavy fabric could be heard as a familiar face was revealed.

“Harry Potter,” Tom said, amused. “Of course. I should have known.”

“Er-” Nervously, Harry looked up at the boy who was pinning him to the floor. “I, er, came here to look for books on time travel and shifting between dimensions and er, things.”

Tom smiled. “That makes two of us, then,” he remarked, enjoying the effect their proximity was having on the young man beneath him. Harry’s face was flushed and his chest was heaving with something that definitely wasn’t panic.

Tom wondered if Potter realised how glaringly obvious he was being—probably not. “Maybe we can look together?” he suggested. “After all, two minds are better than one, Harry.”

“Er- Um, yeah, okay.”

“Not just yet, though,” Tom whispered huskily, unable to resist. He leaned down a little further and kissed Harry on the lips.

Harry responded immediately and not unlike the last time, Tom found himself thinking that Potter was in a league of his own when it came to kissing. The boy always started off all shy and uncertain—slightly awkward, even—but once he got over himself, his bold enthusiasm fast turned breathtaking—literally.

Interesting paradox, Tom thought as he tangled his fingers in dark, wild hair that was much softer than it looked.

Harry moaned. Somewhere at the back of his mind, he knew he should probably stop. Here he was, in the Restricted Section with Tom Riddle on top of him, kissing him for all he was worth. Anyone could walk in on them at any given time.

No, this really wasn’t a terribly smart thing to do. For starters, he was already in enough trouble with the school authorities as it was.

Then again, the librarian and her assistant generally took tea at this time of day—Harry had noticed as much during past excursions in search of other forbidden literature—-while his friends were in class or at Quidditch practice, and aside from Hermione, none of them would come here voluntarily anyway.

Harry inhaled sharply and kissed Tom again, eagerly wrapping his arms around him, pulling him closer. Even through the thick school robes, Harry could feel their twin erections pressing against each other urgently.

Tom attacked Harry’s left ear and then Harry’s neck with kisses (or were they bites?) and all Harry could think was that this felt far too good to stop, consequences be damned.

“Do you want to come?”

“What?“ Harry’s eyebrows shot up at the directness of the question. Weren’t Slytherins supposed to be a lot more subtle than this?

“A ‘yes’ or a ‘no’ will suffice,” Tom said, sounding a lot more composed than he actually felt. “We don’t have all that much time, you know.” He turned his full attention back to Harry’s neck, sucking at the pulse point as he continued grinding his hips up and down, causing their hard, clothed cocks to rub against each other.

“Yes,” Harry gasped out before he realised it. “God, yes.”

“All right. Ever done it like this before?”

“No,” Harry said with ragged breath. “I’ve never, well, done anything, really, not before you and Draco… um…”

Tom grinned. “Not to worry, just follow my lead.”

“Okay.”

Harry started bucking his hips up and down, too, meeting Tom’s movements thrust for thrust, all the while moaning a little too loudly because he simply couldn’t stop himself.

While he was still coherent enough to do so, Tom quickly cast a wandless muffling charm. Harry wrapped his legs around Tom to further increase the incredible friction.

“You’re a fast learner, Potter,” Tom said with a devious chuckle. “I’m impressed.”

“Shut up,” Harry said without malice and with no purpose at all, other than to mask the fact that he remained somewhat shy about interacting with Tom on certain levels, even if being physical with the boy felt like the most natural thing in the world and Harry’s body just kept screaming for more.

As if he could read Harry’s mind, Tom sped up his movements even further. Harry gladly followed. Not another coherent word was spoken as they thrust frantically against one another, just moans and sighs and the occasional broken “Ah… yes.”

For a moment, Harry wondered if Draco would be all right with this if he knew, but he was really too far gone already to give the matter a whole lot of thought. He felt the familiar heat start to coil within him, and after one more hard thrust, he came hard.

Not before long, Tom groaned and threw his head back as he, too, flew over the edge.

They lay next to each other in the aisle for a few moments, as long as it took for them to catch their breaths.

Tom muttered a cleaning spell for them both, got up, held out his hand and helped Harry to his feet. “There,” he said, “now hopefully we can concentrate on our reading material without getting too distracted.”

“Distracted.” Harry chuckled. Spontaneously, he pressed a sloppy kiss against Tom’s cheek and reached out to squeeze the boy’s hand. “Right.”

Tom shook his head in amusement. If he were entirely truthful with himself, he had to admit that Potter looked and acted rather adorable in this disheveled state. He was almost beginning to understand what Draco saw in the silly Gryffindor. Almost.

Tom retrieved a heavy book from a shelf and started to skim through it, searching for any references to time travel.

A few feet to Tom’s left, Harry Potter did the same.

“So, what’s Potter blushing about now?” Draco asked Tom as a flustered looking Harry walked into the Great Hall, sending a goofy grin in their direction.

“He and I did some research in the Restricted Section earlier,” Tom said casually, but the expression on his face revealed that something decidedly less academic had also taken place.

“Research.” Draco smirked. “Is that what they’re calling it these days?”

Tom laughed. “You don’t mind, do you?”

Draco shrugged. “If you and Potter are sharing me, I suppose Potter and I might as well share you also.”

“Yes, I was rather hoping you’d see it that way.”

“So…” Draco took a swig of his pumpkin juice and asked pleasantly, “You shagged him against a bookshelf, then?”

“No, not quite. I’m saving that for you.”

“You’re going to shag me against a bookshelf?” Draco asked, waggling his eyebrows. “Promises, promises. When and which one?”

“Actually, I was referring to taking Harry Potter’s virginity. Unless that isn’t something you’re interested in.”

“Oh, I’ve only been interested since fourth year,” Draco replied, causing Tom to grin again. “Ever since I saw him hanging around with that skinny Ravenclaw wench.”

“What are you boys talking about?” a chirpy voice interrupted them.

They looked up to see Luna Lovegood standing there. “It’s all right if I sit here, isn’t it? Greg won’t be long. He’s helping Professor Sprout with some very nasty Squirming Ivy… It’s odd, you know. It’s almost like there’s something in the air that makes the plants act a lot more edgy than usual.”

“Really?” Tom said. “And please, certainly, do take a seat.”

“Thank you.” She beamed and sat down across from them. “So, what were you two discussing?”

“Harry Potter,” Draco replied, his tone carefully neutral.

Luna smiled brightly. “He looked very happy this morning, almost like the old Harry again. He wasn’t always bitter and… well… a bit of a challenge to get along with, you know, but the boy’s been through a lot, and sometimes…“

“Yes, go on,” Tom urged, clearly fascinated. “Sometimes…?”

“Sometimes it was almost like he had this chill around his heart, a coldness to his aura, but now… he’s warming to people and to life again. Maybe he’s found love? Love is a wonderful thing. It can ease so much pain, restore so much shattered hope….” She trailed off, smiling wistfully.

Tom rolled his eyes, suppressing the urge to burst out laughing, but soon frowned when he received a well-aimed kick under the table from Draco.

Luna turned to look at the boy who came walking towards them; Gregory Goyle looked every bit like someone who had just spent two hours wrestling with violent shrubbery. Luna didn’t seem to mind his unusually shabby appearance, however, if her adoring gaze was anything to go by.

Tom stole another glance at the Gryffindor table and saw Harry laugh at something Hermione said. “Maybe we should ask him to spend tonight with us, Draco,” he suggested offhandedly. “It’d make it easier for him and Granger to sneak off, first thing tomorrow morning.“

“Yes.” Draco smirked. “Not to mention the other possible benefits.”

“Indeed.”

“I’ll suggest it to him in Potions.”

Tom grinned. “Excellent. I do like the way you think.”