_Heat Wave Day Three._
We live in northern Wisconsin, and it's not supposed to get this hot up here, so the house has no air conditioning.
But... Global Warming.
So for the third night in a row here I was in the basement, the least warm room in the house, wearing just a pair of sleep shorts (little more than glorified boxer shorts, but acceptable to wear around the house when you live with your mother and sister), watching a movie on tv.
Well, the first two nights it was some stupid cop movie and some stupid sci-fi thing, but tonight one of the cable stations was showing some subtitled French film called Les filles françaises aiment le sexe - French Girls Love Sex - so yeah, a bit of nudity.
I have to admit I stroked my dick lightly a few times but honestly, it was too warm to even think about jerking off. Also, of course, I couldn't do that down here with Mom and Kate in the house.
And sure enough, just as I was thinking this, I heard Kate coming down the stairs. For a small girl, she has a tread like an elephant.
I quickly changed the channel. And ended up watching an infomercial.
"Yeah, that wasn't at all suspicious," Kate said, plunking herself down on the couch next to me. She was also dressed for the heat, wearing sleep shorts not much different from mine - except shorter and silkier - and a tank top. "I heard French."
"You couldn't sleep either?" I asked, trying to change the subject.
"Obviously. Come on, put back what you were watching."
"No, it's okay."
"Oh, for fuck's sake, don't get that way. I'm eighteen, I can watch dirty movies with you."
"It wasn't a dirty movie," I insisted lamely.
"Okay, I'm old enough to watch French movies. I took three years of French, remember. I can follow the plot a lot better than you can. If there is any plot."
And with that, she grabbed the remote from my hand and started scrolling through the channels.
I reached over and took it back, and switched he movie back on..
She took a moment, then climbed onto my lap and tried to take it again. She's small, though, and I was able to hold it up high so she couldn't reach it. "Stop it, it's too fucking hot for this."
"Then give it to me," she said, pushing me down - she's a lightweight, but I wasn't ready for this - and straddling my ribcage. She got the controller, at the same time crushing her breasts against my face.
"Come on, Kate, get your boobs off of me."
"Oh, you love it," she said, climbing off me and bringing back the movie.
But now I really had to get the controller back: not just out of principle - I could let my baby sister physically take something away fro me, after all - but I'd just had pair of breasts in my face, even if they were my sister's, so watching porn now was going to give me a boner she'd be teasing me about for the rest of the summer.
So I pushed _her_ down and before she could react, I grabbed the remote back.
Except that left her with two hand free to my one, and she shoved me away and I felt to the floor, and then she was on top of me, sitting on my chest again. I had no idea where the remote was anymore, and for a moment I could see right up the legs of her pajama shorts. Enough to tell she wasn't wearing panties underneath.
Oh god, could she tell I was looking?
She scrambled off of me, found the remote, and settled in on the couch. She wins, I thought. Any more of this, and I'll cum in my shorts. With my own sister, no less.
But of course, she couldn't just take the win: A couple of minutes later, she said "You're welcome to try again, if you're man enough."
Okay, fine: but this time I was going to play to my strengths. Literally. She was small and quick and sneaky. I was a lot bigger. So I just picked her up off the couch, then dropped her back down on it. This knocked he breath out of her, and the remote went flying out of her hand.
"That's... fucking cheating," she said, trying to sound indignant but stifling a laugh.
"No," I said, "It's what you get when you're out of your league."
And before she could say anything else, I scooped her up again and dropped her onto the couch again.
"Dare you to try that again, motherfucker," she growled and when I did, she reminded me of the "small and quick and sneaky" part and leapt at me. I ended up hitting the ground on my tailbone, with my wildcat of a sister on top of me again. Then I turned us around so I was on top, and then -
"Um, time out, Kate. I think you have a problem there." The straps of her tank top had shifted enough that both of her breasts were loose.
"Shit," she said. "Well, I can't fix it as long as you're sitting on me staring, you know." I was starting to climb off her, ending the roughhousing, when she suddenly pushed me backward.
Well, if that was how she wanted to play it...
I pushed her back to the ground, pinning her hands to the floor.
"I could put a knee in your balls so easily right now," Kate said with a laugh.
I flattened my body onto hers, holding her immobile with my weight, really giving no thought about what I was going to do next. Or to the fact that her bare breasts were going to be crushing against my bare chest.
From the tv, there was a sex scene going on: obvious even in French.
"Oh, does my sicko brother has a bit of a hard-on for his sister?" Kate said, laughing again. "Ewww!"
I started to get off of her, and the next thing I knew I was on my back and she was straddling my chest, with her legs wrapped around me enough to make it hard for me to dislodge her without risking hurting her. She fixed her pajama top to cover her breasts, but she obviously didn't realize the left side of her very short pajama bottoms had bunched up enough that I could see her pussy hair. Maybe more than just her hair, but I'd have had to stare to really be certain.
She probably didn't realize that although her chest was covered, she'd sweated so much that I could almost see her nipples through her top. Which of course still left her more covered than she was a minute ago.
I'd never seen her topless before, at least not since she was 7 or 8 or so. I'd be lying if I said I hadn't liked what I saw tonight.
"Oh my god," she said now, "is that _you_ poking me in the back?"
She slid back a few inches, until she was sitting on my dick. Of course to do that she had to release her legs' grip on me and I could have escaped.
But I didn't.
"Kate," I said, "you'd better not."
"I just want to feel it," she said. "Don't worry, I'm not going to rape you or anything. You've got your pants on, and I've got my pants on."
She squirmed around on my lap a bit, very slowly. "Come on, we both got worked up wrestling. I'm not as obvious as you are maybe, but... If I took my bottoms off you'd be able to see how wet I am. But I better not, right? We might do something we shouldn't."
"Um... right."
She pulled her tank top up above her breasts, exposing them again. "Are my tits as nice as the French girl's?"
"Definitely," I said. Well, they might not have been as perfect, but they were here. "Of course. But we're-"
She went back to grinding herself into my crotch. "I'm just sitting on your lap. There's nothing wrong with that, is there? Mmm. It's not as if... not as if we're naked and fucking, are we?"
From rubbing against me, the side of her pajama bottoms had hiked up again and even more of her pussy was exposed than last time. She might not technically have been naked, but she might as well have been.
A little more squirming, and my dick was in front of her; still inside my sleep shorts, but nestled between her legs, rubbing against her exposed vulva.
"Oh god," she said, "this feels so good. Just... make sure that hard dick stays in your shorts, okay? I mean it, I'm your sister, we can't... oh, fuck."
She was pressing down on me harder and harder, as if trying to force my dick inside of her, shorts and all. The front of my shorts were soaked through, from her wet pussy on the outside, and my own pre-cum on the inside, so my dick was able to slide between her lips very smoothly.
I wanted to grab her tits. I wanted to free my dick from my shorts, but I was afraid that would end the fun. As if knowing what I was thinking, she said "It's a good thing we're both dressed. It would be so bad, _oh fuck yeah_ , if we didn't have our pajamas on, I'm just sitting on my brother's lap, that's _god, yes, yes_ , she groaned, pressing down hard on my dick, her body shaking as she came hard.
I followed a moment later, grabbing her breasts, filling my shorts with shot after hot of warm cum.
After a minute she rolled off me, lying on her back next to me, her breasts and her pussy still mostly exposed, me still semi-erect, my shorts soaked through. "That was close," she said softly. "We stayed good, we didn't fuck."
"Yeah," I said, "that would have been awkward."
We were still lying there, caching our breath, when Mom came down the stairs, quietly in her bare feet, wearing a short summer nightgown. "Is that French I hear? What are you watch-?" And then she saw us. " _What the fuck???_ "