



==============================================================
 T H E   H O M E R   V A R G A S   S T O R Y   A R C H I V E

 All stories in this archive are the property of the author.
 They may be downloaded and read by private citizens.  They 
 are not to be used by commercial web sites.  Persons using 
 this material on commercial sites will be vigorously pur-
 sued by the "hounds from hell," or my legal team, whichever
 is deemed necessary.  These stories were written for adult 
 entertainment and should not be accessed by children.
==============================================================









Judith and Me
by Homer Vargas
vargas111@yahoo.com
revised by Trey Gallant

Chapter 1: Grace

"My God! What a piece of ass on that woman!" I thought as I 
looked out from my patio. Although Grace Archer must be well 
past forty, her figure didn't show it. Or rather, it did. She 
was plump in all the right places! I had been watching my sexy 
new neighbor leave the house in her skimpy nurses' uniforms 
since she moved next door a few week ago. It seldom failed to 
sent me off to work horny or back to my room for some relief. 
On weekends I had seen her in frilly, translucent blouses that 
made it impossible not to stare. And the mini skirts she wore - 
a little trashy, but damn they were hot! I couldn't keep from 
looking at her beautiful ass. I got a hard on almost anytime I 
caught a glimpse of her.

Right now I was guiltily watching her hang out her laundry: 
lacy bras and high french-cut panties, not the sorts of things 
that most middle-aged women wore. This morning she had on a 
pair of tight pink short shorts and a bright yellow halter I 
hadn't seen before. The halter displayed her full breasts and 
the shorts hugged her tight round ass in a way that stiffened 
my prick as usual. No doubt about it, Mrs. Archer was one hell 
of a stacked woman.

Suddenly, to my embarrassment, she noticed my eyes on her and 
blew me a kiss before wiggling her hips back into her house. 
The rest of the week I had the impression she knew I was 
watching and that she was deliberately putting on a show for 
me. Although embarrassed at my attraction to this sexy older 
woman, I couldn't get her out of my mind.

When Friday night rolled I was alone, Sarah, my girlfriend 
insisting that seeing each other once a week was enough. I had 
a few beers and turned in early. That night I dreamed about 
her. I saw Grace standing by my bed in a short black dress 
rubbing her tits and touching herself between her legs. I tried 
to get up to make her go away, but I seemed paralyzed. Then, 
very deliberately, she let the dress fall away. She was naked 
except for panties and heels. Grinning, she slipped out of them 
and into bed with me, offering me one of her luscious breasts.

I didn't remember much else, but when I awoke very late 
Saturday morning, I could see I must have had a Hell of a wet 
dream. The bed was a mess and I felt totally drained as if I 
had come several times in my sleep. I tried to put the strange 
dream out of my mind, but it seemed always to be there.

I set about straightening the house, doing the laundry and 
catching up on business and tried to think about my date that 
night with Sarah. It was annoying not to be able to get this 
sexy older woman out of my mind. Even to compare the two was 
ridiculous. My fiancee was slim and pretty, a lawyer who did 
work for my firm occasionally. We were obviously right for each 
other. Sara was sensible and orderly and was going to be a 
perfect wife. We would have sex once a week on Friday night -- 
lights out. She would decide when the best time was for each of 
our exactly two children to be born. I had given up on getting 
her to go out for a romantic evening or a night of dancing. at 
25, she was too old for that. Sara was sweet and oh so 
sensible, but I couldn't shake the raw sexuality Mrs. Archer 
exuded.

Later, just as I was about to leave to pick up Sarah for our 
date at the opera, I heard a knock on my door. To my dismay, I 
found a grinning Grace Archer there with a big plate of stuffed 
jalapeno peppers, ready for a "visit." Considering my 
uncomfortable attraction to her, I was not eager to let her in. 
Besides, I really didn't have time for her right then. Still, I 
found with the memory of that dream still on my mind and I 
couldn't close the door on her.

She greeted me with a kiss on the cheek and a too-tight hug as 
she sashayed in, looking around as if she were going to buy the 
place. Planting herself on my couch, she began downing the 
stuffed peppers, talking a mile a minute. I sat as far away as 
possible on the love seat across the room hoping I could get 
rid of her as soon as possible.

Nevertheless, I couldn't ignore her display of cleavage while 
we talked. Soon I realized she had her skirt hiked up as well, 
and I could see she wasn't wearing any panties. I tried to 
control myself, but I couldn't keep from looking up her skirt, 
or into her blouse. The more I looked, the more difficult it 
became to follow what she was saying. I was getting so horny 
just looking at this woman I couldn't think about anything 
except wanting to play with those titties and run my hand up 
under her dress.

Attempting to defuse the situation, I offered her some tea. 
"Don't you have any beer? Dos Equis would be fine." she 
grinned. I didn't beer of course, of course, Sarah didn't 
approve of me drinking beer, but against my better judgement, I 
produced a couple of scotches. "How about another slug and some 
more ice for this, honey?" she grinned as I was about to sit 
down again.

When I returned from the kitchen, Grace was parked on the love 
seat, my drink was sitting on the end table. I could hardly 
take it back to the couch without being obviously rude, so I 
wedged myself into the little space Grace had left. This left 
me pressed against a large, soft and very sexy woman.

As we sipped our drinks, I began to realize what a big mistake 
it had been, letting Grace into my house, and worse, to let 
alcohol cloud my judgement. I supposed it was my excitement, 
but the drink hit me hard! I tried to make small talk, but I 
was having increasing trouble concentrating on anything but 
Grace.

Suddenly she broke off, smiled at me, and said, "Do you like my 
breasts, David?"

"Excuse me?"

"Oh, don't be shy, she coaxed. "You know what I mean. You have 
been drooling at my titties for a half hour, boy. It's kind of 
cute the way you glance away occasionally, trying not to look, 
but your eyes keep being dragged back. I have to conclude you 
enjoy looking at women's boobs."

"Please forgive me, Mrs. Archer," I began. It's just that ..."

"Oh, don't apologize," she interrupted, breezily. "And I've 
told you to call me Grace. It's a very natural reaction. The 
drink has probably gone to your head, poor baby, and I *am* 
sitting quite close to you." She giggled a little and snuggled 
a little closer. "Is it your fault that a couple of naughty 
buttons of my blouse are undone, giving you a nice peek at my 
big round boobs? You are a healthy young man; it's only natural 
for you to be getting horny."

"Well, yes, but still I shouldn't ..."

"Don't be silly, David. It happens to men all the time when I 
show 'em these jugs. I kind like it when a man can't keep his 
eyes off my bosom. In fact, I want you to KEEP on looking at my 
titties while I open my blouse a little more," she said softly, 
unfastening a couple more buttons. "I want you to keep you eyes 
fixed on my big, round tits, David. You could gaze at them 
forever. Tell me you like to look at my tits."

"I like to look at your tits, Mrs. ... Grace" I repeated, 
before I could stop myself.

"Very good, David," she smiled. "You are doing just what I told 
you to do. You are looking at my tits. You called me 'Grace.' 
You said just what you were supposed to. You like doing what 
you're told, don't you? You even admitted you liked to look 
because I ordered you to say it. You like obeying me, don't 
you, David?"

"Yes, ma'am." I heard myself say. God! Why would I admit that?

"That's right. Now just keep looking, you can't help looking at 
my big, pretty tits ... because you want to obey me." She had 
lowered her voice to a gentle, rhythmic flow of sound. "Of 
course, I like it even better when you peek up my skirt. You 
were peeking at me from across the room, too, weren't you?"

"Yes, ma'am." I murmured, "But ..."

"Of course you were, you naughty boy. I've got on a really 
short, sexy skirt and I hiked it a little to give you a nice 
view. You couldn't keep your eyes off my crotch. Would you like 
to see some more?"

"Yes, ma'am."

"Now be careful," she teased. "You should realize that peeking 
at my crotch will just make you hornier, but you like me to 
make you horny, don't you?" she coaxed.

"Yes, Grace," I barely breathed. I wasn't thinking too clearly 
now.

"Of course you do, sweetie," she whispered, shifting and 
turning to expose herself even more. "It feels good to let me 
get you horny. I want you to be horny, baby. A horny man does 
what he is told and that is going to make things a lot more fun 
for both of us."

By now, I guess I was just staring, stupefied. "Well, don't 
waste my time just eyeballing me, my young friend. These 
titties are itching for some action. Why don't you get these 
puppies out of my blouse. Get yourself a couple of handful of 
tit and start working me over. I think you'll like what happens 
to me when a man gets his hands on my boobs!"

I started to protest but suddenly she took me into her arms and 
was kissing me. Part of me knew something was badly wrong! I 
shouldn't be doing this, not with her, and not now when Sarah 
was waiting for me, but somehow I couldn't keep my hands off 
her body.

Everything was so fuzzy. First I was just feeling her up, but 
then before I knew it, she had me sucking and kissing those 
wonderful tits until I couldn't think straight. Even while I 
was sucking those luscious nipples, she hiked up her skirt and 
guided my free hand between her legs. "Put your hands on me 
down here, darling. You're working my tits up real good, but 
I've got another toy for you to play with. Uiii, yes! Right 
there! Stick your finger in my cunt. Tickle my clit, lover. 
I'll show you how to make a girl happy!"

Foggy as I was, I was amazed; her pussy was already wet! Before 
I knew it, even while I was just feeling her breasts, I think, 
she unzipped my pants and started massaging my cock. And all 
the while, she kept talking, talking so softly that I couldn't 
make out most of what she was saying. It drove me wild. I was 
dazed, carried away with lust.

After having me finger her to several orgasms, she drew my face 
down between her legs, something Sara would never have allowed 
me to do, much less initiated. I don't know how long she held 
me there, nuzzling her pussy and tonguing her clit, drinking 
the juices that oozed out each time she came, but I never 
wanted it to end. Finally heard her say, "All right lover. 
You've worked on me long enough, darling. It's time for us to 
sack out."

All thought of Sarah had fled. Grace must have just led me 
upstairs, to my bedroom. My memory is rather hazy, but I think 
she sat me down on the bed and started taking off my clothes 
for me. "You poor horny baby," she whispered and kissed me 
again. "Grace made her baby work so hard to turn her on. And he 
did such a good job. His hands got her nipples hard and his 
tongue gave her wonderful cums. He's going to be an awesome 
lover! Grace is feeling warm and soft and so ready for long 
night in bed with her stud. But in arousing her, poor baby got 
terribly aroused, too, didn't you sweetie?. Now he deserves to 
relax and leave everything to Grace. Grace is going to make 
love to her baby so good."

It was like a rape! Part of me fought the desire for her, 
fought against losing control, but when she pushed me down to 
mount me, I was too weak even to want to resist any more. "Good 
boy, my good horny boy," she cooed and crawled astride me. She 
was so big, once she was on me, I couldn't push her off. I had 
never been fucked with a woman on top. I felt helpless under 
her weight, powerless. But it was wonderful, even as I felt 
control of myself slip away. My body was hers to do with as she 
wished. She took my prick and slid it in her pussy and rode me 
for a long time, never ceasing to talk to me in that soft, sexy 
voice that I could not quite understand, but which I loved 
hearing.

Grace got herself off more times than I could count. At last 
she let me orgasm. As I exploded into her, she cradled my head 
to her bosom, placed a nipple in my mouth and let darkness fall 
around me 

From then on my life was turned upside down. Grace came over 
every night so we could make love. -- Who am I kidding? - She 
came over to fuck. I had never been so hot for a woman. 
Sometimes during the day I would have fleeting thoughts about 
Sarah. I knew I should return her increasingly irate calls, but 
it just kept slipping my mind. All I could think about at work 
was getting home so Grace could screw me again that night. She 
was a wonderfully randy bitch who couldn't seem to get enough, 
and she awoke in me that voracious passion of a younger man for 
an older woman.

If she was already at my house when I got back from work, I 
knew how she would be waiting for me, dressed in a parody of 
her nurse's uniform and eager to get laid. She would engulf me 
in her arms and guide my hands up under the pantiless micro-
shift. As I fondled her bare ass, she would kiss me and whisper 
teasingly, "Oh lover, baby, you seem so tense and frustrated. 
Are you horny because you haven't had your personal nurse for 
too many hours? I'd better give you some of that medicine to 
relax you. Dinner can wait, darling."

At that point food was the farthest thing from my mind.

"You need some immediate relief, don't you? I know how to 
soothe away those tensions, remove those frustrations. You need 
my special way to make a man unwind! Come upstairs to bed, 
honey, and I'll give you a nice, easy roll in the hay."

She wouldn't let me prepare dinner until she had served me the 
appetizer from between her legs and I had been screwed silly. 
And as soon as I had finished serving and cleaning up after the 
meal, she would call me to the couch where we would make out 
while watching an erotic video to "make sure you're in a 
raunchy mood," she'd giggle. Then when I was horny out of my 
mind, she would always take me to bed and put me to sleep like 
the first night: riding me to orgasm that knocked me out.

My recreational habits were jerked around 180 degrees. My (and 
Sarah's) season tickets to the opera lay unused. Grace 
preferred hockey and screamed like a maniac when a fight broke 
out. Between fuck sessions at home she liked to watch wrestling 
on TV. On weekends she dragged me up and down the East Coast to 
see stock car racing and tractor pulls. On the positive side 
she also insisted I start a rigorous exercise program at the 
local gym, "because I want to make sure you stay hard," she 
laughed.

Although I was somewhat disturbed by the powerful obsession I 
felt for Grace and my sudden loss of interest in other women -- 
Sarah had finally dumped me when I never called her -- I was 
too busy getting laid day and night by this insatiable woman to 
be able to worry much about it.

Things might have gone on like that for I don't know how long, 
if the hospital had not sent Grace out of town on training for 
a few days. She seemed a little apprehensive about leaving me, 
but she told me just to relax while she was gone and rented a 
bunch of porno movies for me. "Watch one every night and think 
about me while you wank," she had giggled after she made love 
to me the morning she went away.

The first night, that's exactly what I did. Grace's 
instructions were ringing in my ears when I got home that 
evening. Immediately I went to the VCR and slipped in the tape 
she had selected for me. Almost immediately my eyes were glued 
to the screen and my cock grew hard as a rock. An old movie 
from the days when porn flicks had plots, it showed a group of 
white explorers in Africa who are turned into breeding slaves 
by a tribe of big-busted women. As the movie ends, the queen of 
the tribe is lolling between two smiling women with large 
pregnant bellies who are slowly masturbating. The even more 
pregnant queen has an expression of sheer ecstasy on her face 
as the leader of the explorers is kneeling between her legs 
eating her to orgasm.

Wow! Grace really know how to push my buttons! I went to sleep 
that night with visions of the queen/Grace fucking me silly. 
Unfortunately for Grace, the fare the next night was your 
typical XXX movie, several men and women fucking in various 
position and rooms of a house without much rhyme or reason. I 
had a good come, but nothing like the night before.

By the third night for the first time in months, I was thinking 
more clearly. I really didn't want to watch another film like 
last night so I decided to catch up on personal business. I sat 
down with my bank statement. To my shock, I noticed that for 
the last three months my software royalties had been 
transferred to Grace's account. It dawned on me that I had not 
been spending any of my own money recently. Grace always bought 
the groceries-- she was practically living over at my house now 
-- and when we were out shopping, even for clothes for me, she 
was the one who paid - with my credit card. I even remembered 
the amused looks she got from some of the saleswomen and the 
"eat your heart out" wink she had given them. The only money I 
spent was a few dollars Grace gave me every morning for the 
Metro and lunch.

What was going on? First my sex life, then my personal life and 
now finances had been taken over by my horny neighbor. And I 
certainly couldn't remember ever agreeing to any of this, 
certainly not to turning all of my income over to her. The 
words "sex slave" popped into my mind. I could vaguely recall 
Grace grinning down at me as she fucked me, saying, "You want 
it, don't you, sweetie? You want to be my little sex slave!"

This was more than embarrassing; it was terrifying. I realized 
I had a problem and had to get help and I knew I had better get 
it now, before Grace got back and fucked away this window of 
lucidity. I went to my computer and began searching on the 
Internet for local psychologists. A flashing banner caught my 
eye: Dr. J. Roth -- Specialized in Psychosexual Obsessions. 
Just what I needed. I called for an appointment.

To be continued in Chapter 2: Judith

Comments (please) to
Homer Vargas
Vargas111@yahoo.com
