The Spoon

The were browsing through the kitchenware section of the store. He was carrying 
a plastic basket that contained some of their purchases - a bottle of champaign, 
some glass ornaments. He picked up the salad spoon and fork. The spoon was made 
out of blonde hard wood, about eighteen inches long with a flat oval end. It was 
about half an inch thick. The wooden fork was joined to it with a rubber band. 
They cost $4.95. He put them in the basket. 
"We already have salad servers", she said. 
"I know. When we get home I'm going to spank you until you're red with this 
spoon." 
To which she had no answer, but the idea made her pussy tingle. 
When they got home he put the champaign in the refrigerator. He took out the 
salad spoon. 
"When do you want it?" he asked her. He knew she had been thinking about the 
spanking he was going to give her as they drove home. He knew it made her pussy 
wet, even though she knew it would hurt. Especially because she knew it would 
hurt. 
"May I have it now?" 
"You may. Come with me." 
He lead her into the living room, unzipped the back of her dress and sat on the 
couch. She slipped the dress over her head, leaving her on her lace knickers and 
bra. She moved to his right side and pulled her knickers down to her knees and 
lay across his lap. 
He started spanking her with his hand, alternating cheeks, the slap of his palm 
loud, echoing in the room. He spanked her until her buttocks began to blush pink 
and his hand started to get sore. She spread her thighs as he moved his hand 
down, opening herself so he could caress her pussy. He ran the handle between 
her pussy lips and caressed her bottom with the wide flat back of the spoon. She 
felt the sharp pain of spoon on her right buttock, then then on her left. He 
paddled her for a long time, alternating sides, stopping every once in a while 
to caress her bottom and her pussy. As he punished her, her bottom blushing red 
and hot under the strokes of the spoon, she started to cry out. Finally when her 
bottom was crimson and very sore, he stopped. 
"You've been such a good girl", he told her. He caressed her hot cheeks. "You 
took such a hard spanking. I want you to get up now and take off your bra and 
your knickers." 
She stood up, reaching between her breasts to unhook the bra, letting it fall to 
the floor. Her knickers where around her ankles and she stepped out of them. 
"Bend over the arm of the couch" 
She bent over the end of the couch, her chest resting on the seat, her bottom 
pushed up, buttocks red, thighs spread. He looked at her as he undressed. He 
loved her like this, offered, surrendered, her vulva exposed. He found that she 
was very wet when he slipped his cock inside her. He fucked her with deep hard 
thrusts, pressing into her hot sore bottom. After a few minutes he withdrew. 
"Get the strap, please", he said. 
She stood up. He watched her as she walked out of the room, her beautiful bottom 
swaying as she walked, crimson ovals covering her buttocks where he spanked her. 
The thought of her bringing him the strap, knowing he would punish her with it, 
make him burn with desire for her. 
She returned with the spanking strap, handed it to him and returned to her 
position over the arm of the couch. She pushed her bottom up, offering herself 
for the strap, her thighs spread vulva exposed, ready for his cock. 
He raised the strap to shoulder level and brought it down across her bottom. She 
cried out as she took the stroke. He continued strapping her slowly, the strap 
leaving welts across her bottom and upper thighs. After giving her ten strokes 
he put the strap down and penetrated her again. She pushed up against his cock, 
taking him deeply as he fucked her hard. 
"Oh, please...", she moan when he withdrew. 
"Just a few more with the strap, my love", he said 
He started strapping her again, giving the strokes faster this time while she 
cried out. When he had given her another ten he told her she could get up and 
ride his cock. He lay down and she mounted him, slipping him inside her. She 
started moving, sliding into him hard. Her buttocks where hot and welted when he 
cupped them in his hands. They came hard together. 
When she drank the champaign they had bought with the spoon later she sat on a 
pillow. Her bottom was still sore the next morning when he paddled her again, 
her bottom pushed up by a pillow under her hips, before fucking her hard from 
behind. 
September, 2004 

