ONE AND DONE. Or so I thought.
by FunKelly

ONE AND DONE. Or so I thought. Part 5

Barely more than an additional three steps were taken on our journey back to my deck, when Susan said, in the most maternal yet somewhat sarcastic tone, "Jenifer! Now don't you dare be "Embarrassed", "Self-Conscious" or worse yet, "Ashamed", that you displayed your pussy for "My Kevin!" Trust me. Kevin has had lots of girlfriends. I'm sure your pussy isn't the first one he's seen. In fact, I'll bet Kevin, being the gentleman he is, never mentioned a single word about you being naked. Well, other than that, "Hey, Jen. Jacuzzi night?", wisecrack, he made when he first walked into the kitchen". Knowing what Keven had said to me about my pubic hair being shaped like an 'Arrow', that pointed to the opening of my pussy, along with his comments about how his Dorm Room buddies would like to perform oral sex on me, when Sue went to check up on her dad, had me completely freaked out about what I was hearing. Still, I remained silent, as we approached my deck.

Once on the deck, I went to reach for my bathing suit, when Sue asked, "What are you doing, Jen? I thought we were going to use the jacuzzi", as she started removing her clothes right there on the deck in front of me. She folded them neatly and placed them on the picnic table. I couldn't take my eyes of her incredible body. I now knew why she was so pre-occupied with the way I trimmed my pubic hair. Her perfectly plump pussy lips were totally clean shaven. She walked up to where I was standing, looked down at me, and asked, "How about some more wine, Jen?" Looking up at the 5' 9" woman, while just inches from her perfectly formed size "C" breasts, made me feel like I was twelve years old again. At least that's how it felt standing face to face with her. With my tiny breasts and my pussy being trimmed the way it was, I looked as though I had just recently reached puberty, and this was my very first small crop of pubic hair. I felt so inconsequential standing in front of the tall, beautiful blonde.

Trying to come to grips with the sudden influx of feelings of inadequacy, I remained frozen yet still standing in front of the naked 42-year-old daughter of my next-door neighbor. Susan looked down on my naked form, and said, "Who would have expected my dad's little neighbor (as she ran her fingers through my short black hair) would turn out to be an exhibitionist?" All I could think was that being labeled an "Exhibitionist" was far better than being labeled a "Slut". Susan walked past me, entered my kitchen, and returned with two wine glasses a moment later. I remained frozen, feeling humiliated yet totally aroused. She poured us each a glass, handed me my glass, then put her glass of wine on the picnic table.

'Unexpected', is the only word to describe the peculiar turn of events that were about to unfold. I was soon to go from feeling "Inadequate" to feeling 'Subjugated', in seconds flat! Sue started twirling my nipples between her forefingers and thumbs, as I attempted to choke up the words, "Sue! What are you doing?", but unable to move an inch. Susan's reply would render me defenseless. "Jenifer. You and Paul moved into this house two years ago, just about the time Kevin's dad and I were finalizing our divorce. We agreed to divorce amicably, after I revealed to him, that although I had fought my inner feelings and desires for years, I was someone other than, "The Susan" he, and others thought they knew. Most importantly! I realized, I needed to be "The Susan", I needed to be! "I AM A LESBIAN, JENIFER!", she declared, as she continued twirling my nipples between her fingers.

I was equally astonished by Susan's decision to share her 'News' with me, as I was about the 'News Itself', yet I was completely sexually aroused for whatever reason, and unable to pull away from her grasp. She looked down on my tiny breasts, still fondling my nipples, and said, "Jenifer! Your nipples are like an elegant pink strawberry topping on those wonderfully milky white pancakes of yours. They're Perfect!" I could only mumble, "I wanted to get breast implants, but Paul was against it". "PAUL WAS RIGHT!", she replied. "JENIFER! You have the body of a '14-year-old Gymnast'! I can see you in a 1/2 size too small leotard. Just enough 'Camel Toe' being displayed, and those silver bullet nipples of yours penetrating the thin material of your suit, as the gym full of people were more interested in your figure than your performance! You stay just the way you are!"

Susan finally released my nipples, picked up her glass of wine, and said, "Well Jen. Join me in the jacuzzi?' I watched as she climbed into the jacuzzi and submerge her awesome naked body into the bubbling water, right up to her neck. The image Sue had portrayed of me wearing an ultra-tight leotard, in a gymnasium full of people, was ingrained in my mind. I was starting to realize that I became aroused at the idea of clothed people looking at me for no other reason than getting a glimpse of my petite body, naked or almost naked. I joined Susan in the jacuzzi, still feeling somewhat aroused.

Sue and I were soaking in the jacuzzi and enjoying our wine, when out of nowhere, she asked, "So Jen. When did you first know?" "Know what?", I asked. "Know that you are an exhibitionist?", she replied. "I'm not an exhibitionist!", I insisted. "O.K. Jen. You've been prancing around the neighborhood completely naked for several hours now, yet you claim you're not and exhibitionist?", was Sue's reply. I immediately argued, "I was not prancing around the neighborhood naked, Sue! I was in the privacy of my own back yard!" She took another sip of her wine, and said, "I guess, 'Technically, when I first discovered you naked with Dad, you were on your own property. I'll give you that one. However, it was your nonchalant demeaner when you were naked in Dad's kitchen with Kevin and I, that made me realize how much you were enjoying the experience. You even made sure Kevin got a good look at your pussy! Ergo, 'Exhibitionist'!"

I took another sip of my wine and remained silent for a moment, as I was contemplating Susan's words, and how they aligned with my actions. Remembering the incredible urge, I had to lean over on their countertop and spread my legs apart so Kevin could see my pussy lips from that vantage point. If I had done that, and he leaned over to get a better look, I'm convinced I would have just spread my legs even further apart and shaken my ass for him. Susan was right. I did want Kevin to see my pussy. In fact, I wanted him to see 'ALL OF ME'! I had never had a single thought or impulse to be naked in front of other people, until I watched that 'Level One' trailer on Caroll's website, just a few hours ago. Now I felt consumed by the idea!" Am I an exhibitionist?", I thought to myself.

Before I could respond to Susan's allegations, she threw me another curve ball. "You know, Jen. I have a friend in the art department down at the community college. He tells me they are always looking for 'Life Models' for their evening classes. Maybe you could indulge your 'Passion' by posing nude for some. That way you could be in a safe environment, and still expose yourself to strangers". "First off, Sue!", I barked. "I don't have a 'Passion' for exposing myself or being naked in front of other people! I could never do something like that! Not that I'd want too anyway!" I immediately started feeling like I had just admitted in some way to both myself and Susan, that I did have a yearning for the taboo activity.

Sue just sat back against the jacuzzi water jets, with this smug expression on her face, and asked, "More wine, Jen?" I got right out of the water, grabbed the bottle of wine and stood outside the jacuzzi as I filled our glasses, with zero concern of being seen standing there naked under the lights of our deck. Granted, only if someone was in our back yard could they have seen me, yet I instantly realized, as Sue also must have, I threw caution to the wind with no regard for modesty whatsoever. It was just at that moment of soul searching, that I heard Kevin's voice again. Once more, he was walking up behind my petite naked body.

"Kevin! You're still here!". Sue called out from the jacuzzi. "Yeah", Kevin replied. "Just thought I'd see what you two were up too before I headed out", I heard, along with his footsteps coming up onto the deck. I wanted to turn around but was afraid Sue would continue her accusations about me harboring some fantasy about being discovered in the nude by someone. Anyone. Sue then said, "Kevin. What do you think of the idea of Jen posing nude for the community college evening art classes?" I froze for a moment, mortified that she was discussing the subject with Kevin, while I stood there totally naked. Kevin's response had me curious about its meaning. "Well mom. She already possesses the necessary attitude about public nudity".

I turned around, giving Kevin his second full frontal view of my naked body, that evening, and sarcastically asked, "What does that mean?", as I put the wine bottle on the picnic table, placed my hands on my hips, and awaited his response. Kevin simply replied, "Shyness or modesty are not the attributes one's looking for when choosing a 'Life Model". "And how would you know?", I asked, feeling confident and somewhat inspired by my nakedness, during our mildly confrontational discussion. "I'm a 'Life Model", Kevin said. "You? "You get 'Naked' for the art students?', I asked, with some doubt in my voice. "No Jenifer", he replied, with some condescension in his tone. "I pose 'In the Nude' for the college's 'Life Model' classes". He then added, "Fifty bucks is fifty bucks", as he snickered.

I was enjoying our playful exchange and wanted the friendly banter to continue, so I asked him, "So Kevin. What's the largest class you've been 'Naked' for?", still leaving his full-frontal view of my naked body, unobstructed. "Nude, Jenifer! We pose 'Nude', not 'Naked'!", he said, observing all I was making available to him. "O.k. Nude", I conceded. "How many?", I asked again. "Most 'Life Model' classes have around ten to fifteen art students, but the most I ever modeled for was twenty-four. The college was running discount coupon for senior citizens". I was so emersed in having a conversation while totally naked, I had all but forgotten Sue was still in the jacuzzi, only feet from her son Kevin and me. The noise of the water jets must have been drowning out any and all other noise, and she made no attempt to interrupt our conversation.

I'm sure it was the alcohol talking, when I giggled, and asked Kevin, "Have you ever gotten an erection while posing?" He calmly replied, "On more than one occasion, Jen. See, you women have an advantage over us men in that regard. If you get stimulated by the surroundings of a 'Life Model' class, other than your nipples becoming erect, the artists can't tell you are totally turned on. It's a bit different for us men. When it happens, I just turn to a point in the room, focus on that point and think about anything that is not sexual. My class schedule or part time job for instance, until it passes". I sat up on the top of the picnic table, as Kevin had maneuvered himself in front of me, while Sue remained silent in the jacuzzi behind us.

With my feet on the bench of the picnic table and my bare ass sitting on the hard wood surface of the tabletop, I spread my legs just far enough apart to leave my pussy in Kevin's field of vision, as we continued talking about 'Life Modeling'. It wouldn't have mattered what we were talking about. All I knew was I felt completely relaxed yet on the verge of total titillation, at the same time. Is that even possible? I noticed Kevin glancing over my shoulder toward his mother, but I felt it was Sue who had put these ideas in my head, and therefore I was going to explore them. If she has a problem with the fact that I was exposing myself to her son, she had every opportunity to say something about it.

Keeping my pussy on display, I said, "So Kevin. What other advice can you share with me, should I decide to pose for some of the college's 'Life Modeling' art classes?" Kevin's answer, and our forthcoming disagreement about his delivery process, would evolve in such a short time, that I was ill prepared. "Well first off, Jen", he said, "You can't have a little furry pubic hair arrow that points to the opening of your vagina, as if to say, "Enter Here!" I looked at Kevin in horror, then spread my legs even further apart and looked down at my pubic hair, and inquired, in an insulted tone, "What's wrong with my pubic hair?" I almost died of embarrassment, when Kevin replied. "Jenifer! These students are the next generation of artist! Not the next generation of porn peddlers! You need to grow a full pubic bush or shave your pussy altogether!" I felt so humiliated as I heard Susan giggling in the background.

I closed my legs together in shame, as Kevin said, "Jenifer. You have a wonderful figure for 'Life Modeling'. Now you need to develop the proper attitude. That's my advice to you", as he walked back to Mike's house, leaving me sitting there naked and utterly ashamed. I heard Susan getting out of the jacuzzi, which prompted me to turn my head around, but still shielding the naked body I was so happy to display only moments earlier. She picked up her clothes, then stood in front of me. I was so afraid of what she might say, until she just kissed me on the cheek, and said, "it's all part of the 'Exhibitionist Experience', Jen", as I watched her still naked and soaking wet body walk off my deck and towards her father's house.



