HI I am amrita and I am from India (banglore). I want
to tell my first lesbian
luv with my mother. It was three years back. At that
time I was studying my 12
std. My father works very far away from home. It was a
weekend. My father came
to my home. Then during the night (I for got that my
father was here) I some
times sleep near my mother. so I was moving to sleep
near my mother. At that
time the strange thing happened. when I went near to
the room a little bit of
moaning was there.

I just wanted to know what was it. so I peep in to the
room. There I saw mummy
sucking dads huge cock. As I know about sex but that
was the first time I had
seen that. I was mind blowed to see mum completely
naked. There it self I
started masturbating. I came to cum over there. So I
went into my room and I
came all over my fingers which I sucked them clean.
After then dad went to his
place. Then onwards I was completely changed. I just
want to fuck my mum hardly.
But I was afraid to tell her. Then after when ever I
got a chance I looked into
the bathroom, changing clothes, every chance I am
enjoying that. I even started
smelling my mums panties. haaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaa they
smell nice. This happened
4 many days.

Then it happened on one day. My mum and I went 4 a
party. I just took some drink
which became more. I was not in control. I was in some
what control but acting
as I was completely drunk. In the car it self I
started removing my dress. She
tried to make me control. but she was unable. Then
after coming home I was
completely naked I went to my bed room and I started
pressing my boobs, like
masturbating I am doing.

Then I forced my mum to remove her clothes. She
slapped me and hesitated to
remove clothes. I was in real anger and I asked
seriously To remove her clothes.
I started pressing her pussy, boobs and started
speaking vulgar language. Almost
she was half open, Her boobs came out of the blouse in
side the black bra. She
just pulled me and she went out and locked the room.
On the net fine morning I
was afraid to show my face to my mum. Then mum entered
into the room. She was
damn serious. She just asked me do u know what
happened last night? I simply
said mum, I am very sorry 4 the things happened last
night. She straightly asked
me do u masturbate? I looked at her in a strange way?
She just shouted say yes
or no? I said yes. SO do ever had made sex with any
guy she asked? No I said.
Then do u think what u had done 4 me was correct she
asked? Then openly I said
mum I got highly erect so I did that. I am sorry I
said. Then she asked do u
want that? WHAT? I asked ?Then she told if I leave u
in this way u surely going
to have I some one which is a odd thing. So its better
to have it inside the
family.

So she do u want it now? so I cried in a way I told
her I am dying 4 that. Then
she told u must be my slave 4 that. I agreed. Well My
mum was of 36,24,36 with a
well shaven pussy........nice ass......first she put
me to bed. I was wearing a
night ware with a white bra and a pantie .She started
removing them she made me
completely naked. Then she told If u made me impress
with ur activities I will
remove each of my clothes se told. she was in her
saree and a blouse. no
innerthings. First I started masturbating in front of
her. she started removing
her saree. Then I was in confusion what to do? she
asked me to pee in front of
her. I did that 4 her. She too removed her blouse. She
too completely naked.

That was the first time I saw my mum completely naked.
I got highly erected. Now
she pushed me to bed. Started kissing me hard. now she
moved down started
sucking my boobs.......pressing them hard. She just
move away and brought some
thing. I asked what was it? She showed me it was
honey. She poured it all over
my body on my boobs, face, pussy, even in my ass).Now
she started sucking all
over my body. haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa oooooooo
hhhhhhhhhhhhhmind blowing. my own mum
sucking my pussyyyyyyy. She opened my lips and started
sucking hard. At the same
moment she started stroking the ass with her fingures.
I was completely getting
wet.

She was pressing my boobs hard....Sucking my pussy
deep inside. I felt like I
was going to cum.HAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAA OOOOOOH
HHHHHHHHHH HHHh suck it bitch
suck it .u daughter fucker suck me haaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaI was shouting like
hell. I felt some thing strange in my pussy.I told it
to mum That it like I was
going to pee.......She told noprobs go on .she started
sucking more harder. I
started to cum all over her faceeeeeeeeee. she started
sucking all my cummmmmmm.
haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa, told I want to pee. she
asked to pee on her face.
so I peeed on her face. she sucked my golden shower.
Then I looked at her. with
my cum and pee all over looking like a horny
bitch...........then she asked me
to make her cum....I started sucking my mums boobs,
then she asked me to suck
her pussy as she was horny. so I started sucking. with
in minutes she came all
over my mouth. I sucked my mums cum. Now she told me
to lie on floor. with out
saying any thing she started peeing on me.

I enjoyed that I started sucking
it........haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa so nice it tastes
great. we lied there naked. again we got erect we
turned to 69 position. we cum
again. So on that day we cum and peed on each other
several times. We even slept
with out washing........ from that day on wards we
started enjoying our sex
life. I completely became slave 4 my mum. So any one
interested heartely
welcome........

good byeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee


