Part Three "Karen"


Any way on with the story: 

I work mostly nights and weekends meeting with people in their homes to go over their options in the different policies. So I didn't really see much of Linda over the next few days and even less of my neighbor. Until Friday around noon when I was sitting in my office and the doorbell rang (working at home I don't get dress until it's time to run my appointments so I was still in my boxer shorts). I went to the door to find my neighbor standing there, dress in a very hot skimpy little outfit. I invited her in and ask her what she needed; hopeful it would be some thing worth charging interest. 

It was "I was wondering if I could borrow Twenty dollars till Friday when Mike gets paid we're a little low on gas for the truck" she ask in a small voice.

 "I don't know you were kind of bitchy last week" I said with a smile "why don't you take off your shirt while I think about it?" 

 "No! I'm not taking any thing off for you to think about it. Either you're going to loan me the money or your not," she snapped back! 

I walked in to my office and took some cash out of my desk and put a Twenty dollar bill on the corner and said "Fine take off all of your clothes and it's your to keep" 

She hesitated for a moment " To keep I don't have to pay it back? "She asked. 

"Yes it will be yours to keep. You won't have to pay it back as long as the strip show you put on for me is any good " I replied. 

With out missing a beat she slowly pulled her shirt off over her head while facing me and then dropping it to the floor. She then grabbed hold of her breast with one hand while she unclasped her bra with the other letting if fall to the floor. There they were again the most perfect set of tits I've seen in over 20 years. Each tit was standing out firm and straight from her upper torso. The tips of nipples erect and standing out proudly. They're brownish pink in color blending in nicely with the dark pigment of her skin, which had that year round tan to it; partially due to her heritage and partly due to tanning beds. 

My dick got hard at the sight of her and there was no hiding it with me standing there in my boxers. She was looking right at my cock as she undid the button of her shorts. Slowly she rubbed the front of her jean shorts while she unzipped them and then let them drop to the floor. As she stepped out of the them standing there in only her pink lace panties and Tommy tennis, she said "Now what?" 

Stepping forward I said "now the panties" as I reach out to caress her breast and nipple. 

"No touching!" she said as she put her hand up "That's not part of the deal."

"Fine take off your panties or the deals off and I'll keep the Twenty" I shot back. 

"I don't know why you want me to do this I'm not going to fuck you. But if your going to give me twenty dollars just for getting naked. Well then feast your eyes!!" she said in a sexy teasing voice as she turned her ass to me putting her thumbs in the waistband of her panties pulling them down to her ankles and stepping out of them. Her ass was flawless in design and shape as she presented it to me. I knew then I had to have her. I was going to fuck this little teasing bitch no matter what it took. She then turned as she stood straight up bringing her hands up the inner side of her thighs and across her hairless pussy. She kept her left hand rubbing between her pussy and flat stomach as she brought her right hand up to her breast pinching her nipple as she fondle her self. It was an amazing sight to watch her as brought her nipple up to her mouth she licked it with the tip of her tongue.  It was all I could do to keep from raping her right then and there. Looking at her beautiful naked body had my mind racing and my heart pounding. 

 "I'll give you Two hundred dollars right now for two hours of your time."

 With that being said she turned around bending over at the waist spreading her ass checks with her hands so that her little brown hole was showing as she wiggled her little ass in front of me before picking up her clothes. Clothes in hand she stepped over to the desk picking up the twenty saying "no I don't think so. This is all I need." Before walking out of my office stopping to dress in the front hall before walking out the front door.
	
I was to say the least a little disappointed and very frustrated when she walked out leaving me with a hard on. I played with my self for a little while keeping it hard trying to decide weather or not to just beat off to get a nut and relieve the tension or would waiting to fuck Linda be a better option. Looking at the time I realizing I was running late and it would probably feel better if I waited till I seen Linda later that evening and had her blow me, fuck me or something.

 I took a shower got dress and ran my appointments for the day. I finish my last appointment shortly after 7:00 P.M. and would be home by 8:00. I had it all worked out in my head. I knew just what I was going to have Linda do for me and how.  I had a hard on thinking of Linda, now that was different it had been so many years since I had looked forward to having sex with Linda so intensely. I could hardly wait till I got home. I was filled with anticipation. 

When I finally arrived home I impatiently hurried into the house and found Linda visiting with her friend Karen. My heart dropped as did my hard on. 

"How was your day honey?" she asked pausing for a second before adding "We're going out to a late show would you like to come with us" 

Yeah I like to come, cum in your mouth bitch; I thought to my self.  "No thats fine, but I need to see you in my office for a minute. I need you to do something for me before you leave" As she walked in I closed the door behind her and said "get on your knees and suck my dick"

 She looked like a lost child saying, "What, now, I'm on my way out"

 "If you don't get on your knees now and suck my cock don't bother coming back. I told you the first time I had to ask twice was the last time. Now get on your knees bitch and suck my cock" 

"But what about Kare..." she started to say.

 But I interrupted her by saying "NOW" as I undid my pants and had my cocking in my hand as she went down on her knees taking my growing member into her mouth. I grab her by the back of her head and use her mouth to masturbate with. I had no plans on holding back or trying to make it last. I needed a nut and I needed it now! It only took a few minutes before I was cumming in her mouth and down her throat "go ahead honey swallow it all like the good little slut that you are" and she did. I felt my self-getting week in the knees as she sucked each shot of my hot cum out of my cock. She sucked long and hard as she swallowed. It was like she was sucking a thick ice-cream shake through a straw. She swallow every drop that came out and keep sucking on my cock till it was limp in her mouth. It was by far one of the best blowjobs I have ever gotten.

When I was done she got up straiten her self up and was heading out the office door and toward the living room saying "Karen are you ready to go. John just need a  help for a minute but he's finish with his little problem now" in a smart ass voice as she continued with, "Honey I was thinking we might stop after the show for a couple of drinks why don't you be a sweetie and let me have some extra cash? Forty of fifty should do it. What do you think Karen?" she added. With out saying a word I handed her 3 twenty-dollar bills.

 "I wish I knew how to do that," Karen stated. 

"Maybe I'll show you how it's done later" was Linda replays as they walk out the door with her giving me a sly little grin and kiss on the check "Don't wait up honey we may be late".

As I watched them walk out the door dressed in very sexy outfits, I had a good feeling about what had just happened and was hopeful things would get better yet this evening. I was in my office filling out some paper work when I look up at the clock and notice it to be 3:00 in the morning. A little nervous and maybe a little mad I was wondering where Linda was she never stayed out this late. I called her cell phone a couple of times and just got voice mail. Then around 4:00 she called me back in a very drunken voice 

"We drank a little too much so I'm spending the night over here with Karen" is all she said before hanging up. 

I never really cared for Karen back then, but she is a long time friend of Linda's. She's what she likes to call a professional student. She been going to school forever and letting her parents pay her bills. She does do some kind of software design and make very good money when she works, but in her words "why work if you don't have too." Her parent bought her house and pays her bills. Hell they even pay cash ever four to five years to buy her new cars.
 
Linda and Karen met through some kind of fun raiser about 7 or 8 year's back and have been close ever since. Karen was in her 20's back then. She stands about 5'2 110lbs and never been married. She works out 3 to 5 times a week and goes to the tanning beds almost daily. She definitely has a nice body, but she knows it. I think if she weren't such one side bitch I would have probably paid more attention to her then. Although at the time I didn't really get along with Karen I did feel better that Linda was safe even if I wasn't going to get another nut that night. 

The next morning I was sleeping in when I heard the doorbell ring. Jumping up expecting it would be my neighbor as I hurried to the door. I was getting hard just thinking about what kind of show I was going to get today. I was saying "I didn't except you back so soon" as I opened the door, but instead of my sexy little neighbor standing there it was Karen.

 Pushing the door open the rest of the way and walking in she looked down at my hard cock and said, "So whom weren't you expecting so soon?" 

"What do you want Karen?" I asked fixing my self. 

"Oh nothing, just wanted to stop over and say hi. Linda was telling me last night that something has gotten in to you lately" as she was looking down at my cock she continued "I just want to see for my self and I can see it's still in you. But you never did say who were you expecting it to be at the door"  

"Karen I don't have time to play games with you right now just tell me what it is you want." 

Stepping up to me she said "Well right now just to pickup a few thing for Linda. I told her I would and drop them off at her office." then leaning in to whispering in my ear as she garbed hold of my cock through my boxers "but who knows what kind of games we can play later when you're not so busy and aren't excepting company" playfully stroking my member a few times before letting it go. She let out a little laugh as she walked into the bedroom.

With my now fully erect rock hard penis I follow her in to the bedroom when she turned and said "Your just like every other guy. You're all just a bunch of little puppy dogs wagging their tails and looking to bury their bone. So what do you think you're going to do with that thing anyway? I think you better put it away before you hurt your self" 

"Fuck you Karen that's what I'm going to do with this I'm going to fuck you" I couldn't believe what I was saying or what I was thinking. There she was standing in front of my bed in her tight little workout outfit talking a bunch of shit. I was just so over this mouthy little bitch. If she wanted it and she was going to get it. I reach out for her, but she pushed me away 

"If you want me you're going to have work for it. I'm not just going bend over for you, like Linda does! Hell I bet you don't even know the right way to use that little toy of yours," she said in a sarcastic condescension manner. 

I grabbed hold of her petite little body throwing her down on to the bed putting my body weight on her while pushing her legs open with my knees and pinning her hands above her head. I held them there for a moment with one hand as I tried to pull her shorts off with my other hand, but she got one hand free and dug her nails into my back.

 "Fuck you ass hole your not man enough to get any of this" she said with a vicious over tone. 

I wasn't sure if I was more pissed or horney at that moment, but which ever it was she was going to get fucked. I grabbed her hand and put it back up over her head holding them both together.

 "What are you going to do now?" she said laughingly. 

With that I grab her left arm-twisting it as I rolled her over on her stomach and pinning her arm behind her back. Holding it there with my left arm I used my right hand to pull her shorts and panties down baring her ass. She fought a little as I tried to get legs spread back open after finally getting her short off. Using my knees to keep her legs spread I put my hand between her legs reaching down with my middle finger finding her pussy. I couldn't believe it was so hot and sopping wet, keeping her armed pinned behind her back, I worked two, three then four fingers in and out of her hot wet cunt. She was so wet and with the action of my hand going in and out of pussy it wasn't long before her asshole was cover with her own juice. While I was still pushing four fingers in and out of her pussy I stuck my thumb up her ass.

 She stopped fighting me so much and started moaning and saying "Go ahead and fuck me if your man enough, Go ahead stick that toy of yours in me. Show me what kind of man you are." 

Holding her arm still in place I laid down on top of her rubbing my dick between her legs and ass trying to get it into to that gapping cunt hole of hers 

"What's a matter little man forgot how to use it" she taunted as she wiggle her ass around a little each time I started to penetrate her pussy. Frustrated, aggravated and getting more and more pissed off by the second I moved up a little putting the tip of my dick at the entrance to her ass

 "Fuck you bitch" I said as I pushed my dick all the way in to her ass in one stroke. I felt her body tense up a little as her ass checks clapped down on my cock and she let out a long moan. "You fucking slut you like getting fuck in the ass; don't you? This is getting you off isn't it"? I said as I started pushing in and out of her ass faster and harder on each stroke. I could of let go in her ass right then but I wanted to use her. I need to fuck her for as long and as hard as I could. I thought of business, cars, things that need to be done any thing I could to keep my mind off the pleasure I was receiving from her ass.

 I hadn't realize when, but I had let go of her arm and she was now pushing her ass back to meet my balls on each inward stroke. She was panting and grinding ass back into my dick as I pounded away at her ass. I had a firm grip on her hips as I pulled her ass back harder and harder on each stroke. I loved the sight of her little body as I buried my cock deep in her ass. I'm not sure if it was the fact that I was in a sense raping the slut or if was the sight of her beautiful body slamming back begging for more, but I couldn't hold back any more as I shot my load in to her ass. 

She had been using both of her hands and arms to steady her self as she pushed her self back on each stroke, but when my cum starting filling her bowels she moved her right hand to her pussy finger her self frantically. I could feel her whole body shiver as she started cumming. She slam her ass back against me harder and faster as I filled her ass with my cum and she brought her self off with her fingers. I could feel her ass check pinching around my cock milking it for all it was worth. I knew then she was getting off on the thought of being raped if that what you want to call it.

She fell flat on the bed as my cock went soft and fell out of her ass. She then turned around to face me saying, "Not bad for round one lets see how you do in round two" She got up off the bed taking her sport bra off as she headed for the shower "come on now we need to clean up before we start again"

 I couldn't believe she wanted more after what just happen. I didn't know what was happening as I followed her in to the bathroom. She was turning the shower on as she stepped in. "well come on get in already" she said in a demanding voice. I did as I was told getting in with her. Soap in hand she wash my body, my cock, my balls "turn around" she said as she reached for my ass and started washing my ass hole too. When she was finished she said "OK, it's your turn to wash me now" I did as I was told again. I lathered up a washcloth and started at her breast soaping them up while I played with them. They weren't very big but still very firm. Moving down across her flat six-pack abs with the cloth down to her clean shaving pussy I lather her up. After a few moments she turned presenting her ass me "You fucked it, now you get to clean it" she said as she bent over slightly. I stuck one of finger up her ass as I washed the out side of her asshole. When I was done to her satisfaction we got out and dry each other off. 

Leading me to the bed she motioned for me to sit on the edge which I did as she got down on her knees kissing and licking my cock and balls she then spread my legs further apart as she lifted them slightly. She was now licking the sensitive area between my ass and my balls as she played with my cock. I was in love with the feeling she was giving me. Up to then no one had ever given me a rim job. I reached down grabbing the bottom of my ass checks spreading them open for her as she started to lick my ass hole it self. I couldn't believe how good it felt to have her tongue trying to push it's way into my ass as she was stroking my dick and balls with her hands.

 I was hard again in no time. Then she stopped pushing me back on the bed as she crawled up onto the bed her self-putting her ass in my face "It's your turn! Eat my me" she said with my dick and balls in her hands "lick me" she moaned as she started licking my cock and balls again "Lick Me! Eat My Pussy!" She demanded. I suck my tongue out and started licking the length of her pussy, nibbling on her lips when she screamed "Lick My Ass Hole!! Thinking back I'm not too sure why I did it that first time, but I suck my tongue out and started licking from her clit to her asshole as she moved her hips and ass back in forth over my face while sucking and licking my cock and balls. The next thing I knew she was grinding her pussy and ass in my face squeezing my head between her thighs and screaming like someone was beating the shit out of her.

 A few moments later she got up off my face and turned her body around so she could slide my cock up in to her pussy. She started riding me like she was riding a wild horse slamming down hard each time. "I could get use to this cock of yours, that is if you're a good boy and make me cum" she hissed "Now make me cum again!!" she demanded as she was riding my cock. 

She had her hands on my chest as she would bring her pussy up to just the head of my dick was barely in her and then slam her self back down on my cock. I swear she was doing some kind of work out routine as she rode me. Her pussy was far from being tight but it did feel good sliding up and down the length my cock. She rode my cock for what seem to be hours straight never missing a beat. I could feel her cumming each time her body tensed up as she was slamming down on to my cock crying out as if I was killing her. I had to let my self-cum, my cock and balls were becoming so sore and she showed no sign of slowing down never mind stopping. As I let loose in her pussy she started screaming again while digging her nail in to my chest. 

She continued to ride my dick till it was too soft to ride any more and it fell out. Then she scooted around and taken my softening cock in her mouth again and putting her pussy in my face "Ready for round Three" she said taken my cum covered cock in to mouth and wiggling her ass in my face. She stopped sucking on my cock long enough to say "Eat Me, Eat My Pussy!" I'm not sure why I was doing everything she wanted but, I started kissing, licking her and finger fucking her pussy again. I could taste my cum mixed with her juices as I continue to eat her out. That was the very first time I had ever eating a pussy after I came in it. In fact she was the first person who I had ever given a rim job to as well, but I couldn't seem to help my self. I simply did every thing she said.

She kept sucking on my cock and licking balls as she was grinding her pussy and ass into my face. After about 15 minutes or so my dick still wasn't fully hard and didn't show good signs or becoming hard again any time to soon. So she got up leaving me lying on the bed as she went in to the kitchen. Coming back with a glass of water she said "Linda tells me everything.," in a teasing voice as she handed me the glass. "Got to get going maybe we can do this again some time" was all she said as she got dressed and left.

	It was already going on Five, I missed my first appointment of the day and there was no way I was going to make the second. Dam I fucked up was all I was thinking as I jumped in the shower. After I cleaned up. I got on the phone to make excuses and reschedule the missed appointments. I knew better than to blow of clients. I wasn't sure what had gotten in to me, but I was enjoying it. I was still sitting in my office when Linda got home. The office door was open and she stopped on her way by "I hope you had as much fun with Karen today as I did last night! Oh and by the way it's ladies night down at the club so where going out for a few drinks tonight" she said as she walked away. I wasn't sure what to do, think, or even say for that matter. So I decide to just let things go for now and focus on work. 

A short while later Karen came over just walking right in the house like she owned it. "Linda are you ready to have some fun tonight" she yelled out. 

"Come on in I'm almost ready" Linda yelled back from the bedroom.

 I had to see what was going on so into the bedroom I went. I stopped in my tracks as soon as I walk in, they were both dressed in back dresses, black nylons back shoes and looking good enough to eat. 

"I took care of John little problem early so he should be ok for the night" Karen shouted out when I walk in.

 Why don't you go fuck your self Karen" was all I could think to say as my dick started getting hard. 

"Well I just might have to, God knows you couldn't keep up, but thankfully I have Linda with me tonight" she was speaking to me but looking at Linda as she was doing her finishing touches. 

"We need a little cash for tonight" Linda stated. "Should I just pull it out of the bank or do you have any cash on you?"

 I went to my desk and got her or should I say them Sixty dollars. I was handing it to Linda when Karen said "Wasn't today worth a little more to you than this" given Karen a wink and a smile.

"Fine" I said as I walked back to my desk and got her another Forty dollars. "Thank you" they both said in chorus each giving me a kiss on the check before they left.


