The extra-long conclusion.

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Nancy, Chapter 17 (MF, blackmail, cons, Fdom, inc, oral, preg)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

"Helena..."

"Hst!" The slim strawberry blonde silenced Del with a wave of her arm before ushering him into her bedroom and closing the door behind him. "I said you were mine after Mom was done with you."

He sat on her bed. "I'm wasted. Those women..." He stopped. Helena dropped the robe she had been wearing, revealing the same garters and hose from the previous day, but now she was also wearing a dark, sheer bustier that propped up her B-cup breasts and deepened her cleavage. "...whoa."

The eighteen-year-old blushed for a moment as Del stared at her outfit, but then took a breath. "So, get those pants off."

He unfastened his jeans. "Sure, but nothing's gonna happen; I've been wrung dry."

"We'll see about that. Also, whisper if you have to say anything." She gave a pointed look toward the air vent near the ceiling. "The walls have ears."

He glanced at the vent and then sat back on her bed. As expected, his penis was limp and lifeless.

Helena climbed onto the bed with him. "You don't like how I look?" She seemed offended.

"You're gorgeous, totally sexy," Del replied, "but holy shit those women got two loads out of me, back-to-back. I may not be able to cum again for days."

"Lay back."

He did so, sighing, and Helena moved her nylon-covered feet to his penis again. However, unlike last time, it just didn't respond to the manipulations of her dainty tootsies. She finally gave up. "Damnit," she swore under her breath, "Mom just can't let me enjoy myself." She moved up the bed and lay back on a pillow, huffing in frustration.

Del lay down beside her. "How do you mean?"

"She keeps telling me how much I'm like her, a goddamn cumslut, useless for anything but sex, and now I can't even get that going because she drained you like a fucking vampire."

"She said all that?!"

"Shh!" She waved her hand at the air vent.

He moved closer so he could whisper. "So the ice princess and dominatrix acts are because of what your mom says? You don't have to listen to her. Did you blackmail me because you thought I wouldn't be interested in you otherwise?"

She looked into his eyes as they lay there. "Well, yeah. When we met, I treated you like shit I found on the bottom of my shoe."

He considered for a moment. "Tell me something you like, a hobby or pastime."

She thought for a moment. "I like anime."

"Me too! Attack on Titan, My Hero Academia..."

"Assassination Classroom?"

"Yeah! See, we have something in common. And that's just one thing...I'm sure we have others, but you never bothered to find out." He peered out the window into the night. "Why were you looking at Nancy's house so early in the morning, when you caught us...doing that?"

She looked embarrassed. "I always look out there when I wake up. Sometimes I see you heading to school."

"You've been watching me?"

She flushed. "Yeah...and when you're doing stuff with Mom..."

"You've been spying, too." Del marveled at this...both Nancy and Helena had spied on him doing sex stuff. How many other women were so...sex driven? he wondered.

Helena nibbled her lower lip, thinking of the sexy sounds that had come through the air vent from her mother's room for the last hour. She began to rub her thighs together. "I don't get out much."

Del closed his eyes and rubbed his temples. "Jesus...you're a hot girl that likes anime and sex...you could honestly have any guy you wanted just by showing interest in them, and instead you blackmailed me."

"Soo...you do want to go out with me?"

He looked at her confused but hopeful look. "If you had asked yesterday, I'd have said yes...well, I guess not while I'm 'servicing' your mother..."

"I wouldn't make you stop...that's hot, and I'm not jealous," she informed him, "but why yesterday?"

"Because that was before you blackmailed me!"

"Oh."

---

"Del?"

He started awake, confused. Where was he? Oh, right, on Helena's bed. She was still in the garters and bustier, so he figured that he'd only been out for a moment. He looked at his phone...it was 9 PM, so he'd been napping there for the last hour. "Were you just watching me sleep?" he asked her.

"You looked like you needed to rest, so I went on my phone for a bit," she replied. "I was hoping a nap might help Mr. Pokey down there."

He considered his penis, but it still seemed devoid of energy. "Hm, probably not."

"What if I...?" She took it in hand and started pulling at it. After a minute of that, she sighed and took it into her mouth.

"Ahh..." he moaned. The warm, inverse pressure felt good, but his cock still remained lifeless.

After another minute she gave up. "Damnit! This is so frustrating. How about...?" She pulled down on her bustier so that her B-cup boobies popped out, each topped with a pink pencil eraser nipple.

Del felt a twinge down below, and licked his lips as he gazed at her luscious tits.

"Yeah?" Helena looked hopeful. "Maybe...?" She moved forward to press a nipple into his mouth, and Del began to suckle on it. "Ooh, that feels...wow..." she moaned. She climbed astride him so that he would have better access to her breasts, which then caused her panty-covered pussy to settle onto his mostly still-soft penis. "Hmm...." she moaned in pleasure and frustration.

"Are those my stockings and garters?"

They froze and turned to the door. Trista was there in her shorty robe, her arms crossed and her eyes narrowed as she beheld her 18-year-old daughter rubbing herself on her 19-year-old boytoy.

"Mom! I, uh..." Helena scrambled off of Del, but that only revealed his half-naked form.

"Del, go home and we'll talk later. Helena, my dear, we are going to have a discussion right now."

He grabbed his pants and bounded past Trista and out of the room. Helena's bedroom door slammed behind him.

---

Friday after school, Del just hung out in his basement suite. Nancy hadn't invited him up for dinner for the previous couple nights, and he was pretty sure that was no longer an option with her; they were now just landlady and renter, which was even less than what they had been when he moved in.

*You up for that extra special treat?* Trista messaged him.

Despite cumming twice in rapid succession the previous night with her and Marietta, Del felt his cock perk up at that text. Still, he wasn't sure what he'd be walking into, after what happened between Trista and Helena. Instead of heading upstairs to leave, which could have caused him to run into Nancy, he instead left by his outside suite door.

Trista opened the door for him, wearing her sheer shorty robe that showcased her glorious gams. "No Helena?" he asked, confused.

"She's around," she said mysteriously.

Del paused for a moment, thinking. "Can I just quickly...?" He headed toward the lower floor washroom.

"Yeah, come on up to my bedroom when you're ready."

When Del walked into Trista's bedroom a few minutes later, he stopped short. Helena was tied, one extremity per post of Trista's four-poster bed, face down and naked, grunting and yelling into the ball gag that secured her mouth. Del just stared. "I...uh..."

Trista lightly slapped her daughter's ass, causing the girl to rage. "I was able to get out of her that she blackmailed you, though not what with. That was about it, though. Did you fuck her, Del?"

He just stood there, taking in the bizarre sight. "No, she just rubbed one out of me with her feet."

Trista looked at her daughter, surprised and a little impressed. "Feet? Huh. Well, I've informed Little Miss Sunshine here that if she uses whatever she's been holding over you, she'll be on the street sucking whatever disease-ridden dicks she can find for cash. I won't support this kind of behavior under my roof." She slapped Helena's tight butt again, eliciting another grunt of outrage from the girl.

Del stayed standing in the bedroom doorway. "So what's going on here?"

Trista came forward. "Your extra special treat! You're going to take her anal virginity."

Helena screamed into the gag.

"And how does Helena feel about that?"

Trista harrumphed and crossed her arms. "I don't give a fuck. This girl needs to be taken down a peg, and you have the big peg to do it with." She reached for Del's zipper.

He stepped back, pulled out his phone, tapped the screen a few times, and put it away. "So that conversation where you were telling me that you wanted me to anally rape the daughter you forcibly tied to your bed has been uploaded to the cloud."

Trista stepped back, shocked. "Del...!"

"Untie her...now."

He had never seen Trista cowed before. She quickly did as commanded, freeing Helena, who then rushed over to hug Del, tears streaming down her face.

Trista sat on the bed. "Now what?"

Del gave Helena a squeeze. "Now we talk."

---

Del had actually taken Psychology as his college minor (not that anyone ever asked). They sat on the bed and he let Helena rage at her mother about how she had put her down and called her a slut ever since her daughter had grown breasts.

After some pointed questioning, Del was able to get out of Trista that she, herself, had been a sexually charged young woman, and had gotten pregnant the very first time she had sex, at 18. She had been stupid, but lucky in that Stephen had taken responsibility and married her. She had seen her daughter taking after herself and didn't want her making the same mistake. Along the way, though, things changed from protective to abusive, she admitted, but she didn't know how to change course.

"Right here...this is where you change course," Del told them. "Blackmail, anal rape? This is rock bottom, so there's nowhere to go but up, right?"

"I'm sorry, baby...I love you," Trista sobbed, tears mucking up her mascara as she held out her hands to her daughter.

Helena, still holding on to Del's arm, tightened her grip. He turned to her, "If you think this is salvageable, at least take her hand."

She did after a moment, and Trista gave her a hopeful smile.

After some more discussion, Del felt that they had done as much as they could for the day. He got Trista to promise that they'd seek out a family counselor. "I think it's pretty much a given that I won't be coming around again, as handyman or otherwise."

Trista nodded. "I'm sorry, Del, I betrayed your trust with Marietta and misjudged your character with Helena. I hope you'll forgive me."

Without comment, he gave her a hug. Then he hugged Helena and went home.

---

"Hey, hey, Del!"

Del stopped short as he habitually entered the house through the front door. Michael, Nancy's husband, home almost a week early, was in the kitchen grabbing a bag of chips. "You're back!" Del stated, stunned.

"Yep! Front, too," the older man winked at Del.

Del sighed. For a guy who didn't have any kids, Michael sure loved dad jokes.

"Well, welcome back. I gotta..." Del pointed to the basement suite door and headed there.

"Sure, sure...thanks for taking care of Nancy while I was away, champ."

"You're welcome," Del grumped, and headed down into his cave.

---

On Saturday, Melanie rolled up in her old Toyota Corolla to pick up Del for their date. As he got into the passenger side, he noted that she was wearing a white knee-length skirt and a blue blouse under a long, furry coat.

"I hope that's not real fur," he joked as she drove.

"Definitely not!"

Del offered to pay for the movie, but Melanie refused. "I asked YOU out," she said indignantly. "Besides, how am I going to get you at my mercy in the back seat of my car if you don't owe me?" She gave him a silly grin to show that she was kidding.

Del frowned. If their genders had been reversed and he had said that, he'd probably have gotten a swift kick in the nards! He laughed uncomfortably.

The movie was awesome, as were most Marvel movies. They shared a popcorn, and their hands touched frequently as they pulled the buttery snack from the bucket. When it was gone, they just continued to hold hands.

"Wait until after the credits," he told her.

"Well DUH!" she responded. After the post-credits scene, they reluctantly disengaged and headed back to her car.

Instead of taking Del home, though, Melanie pulled into an industrial area and parked in a darkened corner of a cul-de-sac. "Did you know that I've had a crush on you for a while?" she asked as she turned the car off.

"Yeah? Oomph!"

Melanie had unbuckled and rushed her face to his, catching him off guard. As the platinum blonde's tongue slipped into his mouth, though, his libido beast, unfulfilled for the last couple of nights, awoke, and he kissed her back passionately.

After a while, first base moved to second, and Del felt up Melanie's C-cups through her blouse. She redoubled her kissing and, emboldened, Del suggested that they move into the back seat.

"I dunno...ohh..." she moaned as Del found one of her nipples through her bra. "Um, okay."

They removed their coats as they moved into the larger space of the back seat and made out some more. Del was able to move his hands under Melanie's blouse to unsnap her bra, and soon he was palming her warm breasts directly. They weren't as large as Nancy's, or even Trista's, but they were nice.

"Hmm..." she moaned into his mouth.

As they continued the makeout session, Melanie naturally lay back across the seats. Del took advantage of the change of position by moving between her legs, and soon they were dry humping. As the teen couple thrust their covered loins together, her skirt slipped up further and further, and soon he was rubbing his jeans-covered crotch against her panty-covered pussy. Melanie was breathing heavily and thrusting her pelvis at him, her eyes closed as she was overwhelmed by the sensations.

Del reached down and unzipped his jeans, needing to be inside her. He took his turgid member in hand, used the head to move the gusset of her panties aside...

"Del."

...and started to press it into her sex...

"Del! Stop!"

...he could feel her wet pussy lips, opening to welcome him...

Then he was on the floor of the car, his cheek stinging.

"What the hell, Del?!" Melanie yelled. "I told you to stop!"

His head was muzzy, both from his bubbling hormones and the slap. He replayed the last few seconds in his head. She HAD told him to stop, and he had just been focused on getting his dick wet! He tucked his shrinking member back into his pants and sat back up on the seat, but opposite her. "I'm so sorry, Melanie...I thought you wanted me."

Melanie had closed her legs and pulled her skirt back down, and was now looking at him with apprehension. "I did...I do...but, well, number one, you weren't listening...number two, I'm a virgin, and number three, you need to use a condom!"

Del blinked. With all the sex he'd had over the last few weeks, none of it had been with a condom...he hadn't even considered buying any for this date. Also...
"You're a virgin?" Here he was, about to deflower Melanie in the back of an old Corolla. He felt like shit.

She looked embarrassed. "Well, yeah...remember I was the fat girl with glasses in high school? Nobody asked me out, not even to prom. Then, after the weight loss and eye surgery, I moved here for college, and there you were...I mean, I've had offers from other guys recently, and even a girl, but I kept waiting for you to ask me out."

His mind was racing, putting together the pieces that had contributed to his raging, one-track-mind libido over the last few weeks. He considered his date, looking so vulnerable. "Melanie, I wouldn't blame you if you just took me home, but will you listen to my story? It may explain things."

She watched him for a while, thinking. Then she nodded. "But we're getting our coats back on, 'cause it's getting cold in here."

Bundled back up, Del told her everything about Nancy, Trista, and even Helena. He explained how Trista's seduction technique and frequent sexual demands, combined with his on-again, off-again 'relationship' with Nancy and Helena's master-slave blackmail must have warped his mind a bit, causing him to focus on the fucking instead of on making sure that Melanie was okay with what they were doing. He also apologized again.

She looked at him, wide-eyed. "That was all true? You're not just making up stories, like in class?"

He nodded.

She pondered what he had said. "All right, I'll forgive you, but I'm going to need something from you...let's call it a trust exercise."

Confused, he responded, "Okay..."

She nibbled her lower lip. "That story was really fucking hot, and I need to cum. You said Trista taught you how to use your tongue, so..." She pulled down her panties and spread her legs for him, showing off her trimmed blonde muff. "...get in there, and if you make me feel good, I'll make you feel good after. No intercourse, though."

Del was likewise still horny from the making out, as well as from recounting his story. He dove between Melanie's legs and did his absolute best, giving her a screaming orgasm within a couple of minutes.

Then she asked him to lay back, and she unfastened his jeans to pull his stiff cock out. "Holy shit! No wonder you've been getting laid so much! Omh!" She engulfed the head with her mouth and he moaned.

She inexpertly licked and stroked him to orgasm. While he did warn her that he was going to cum, the sheer volume took her by surprise, and it spilled out as she choked trying to swallow it all, causing it to splatter back onto his crotch and drip down her chin. She licked it all up, marveling at how tasty it was.

---

Del and Melanie took their relationship slowly, sticking with blowjobs and pussy eating when they got too wound up. He gave Nancy his notice and moved out the next month for campus housing that was closer to his new girlfriend.

A few weeks later, Nancy and Michael rekindled their relationship after she informed him that she was finally pregnant. Michael figured that he had knocked his wife up just before he left for his extended work trip, and she didn't correct him, having started her last period a little after he left. The man stopped being depressed about his low sperm count and returned to his former attentive self, though he still orgasmed way too quickly for her liking.

---

"Mom?" Helena shuffled into her mother's bedroom.

Trista put down her book. "Yes, Helena?"

"I think I'm pregnant."

Trista scrutinized her daughter and sighed. She had noticed the girl gaining some weight, most notably in her boobs, but hadn't said anything. "How many periods have you missed?"

"A couple. I figured you can miss one sometimes, right? But then this month's didn't come either, and it's been another few weeks."

Trista frowned. "Del said you two didn't have sex. Did he lie?"

"Umm...noo..." The strawberry blonde looked very guilty.

"But it's his?"

Helena nodded.

'You conniving little bitch,' Trista thought but didn't say. They were working on their relationship with the help of a family therapist, as Del had suggested.

She considered her former boytoy, now gone for weeks. He had succeeded in impregnating her friend Marietta, and now Helena as well. Trista also had a sneaking suspicion about Nancy also getting pregnant right after her husband left on an extended work trip. I'm the only woman he didn't knock up, she realized, feeling a little left out.

"What're we gonna do, Mom?"

Helena's pregnancy was already past the number of weeks their state allowed for abortion, so it seemed that Trista was going to be a GILF in under a year! She sighed. Like mother, like daughter, she told herself again.

---

Eventually Del and Melanie did have sex, though he made sure that it was in a properly romantic setting, and she wore garters and stockings, as he had requested. He wore a condom, as she had requested.

He started a new game of Dragon Era for them to play together, this time as a female Elf Wizard. While Melanie's role playing choices weren't as interesting as Nancy's, she still occasionally surprised him.

After Del's English professor crushed his dreams and told him, quite frankly, that the young man's writing skills weren't sufficiently amazing to make a living at it, he switched majors to Psychology. He kept writing in his spare time, though, as he enjoyed it...you may have read some of his erotic stories online.

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)