After a day of settling petty disputes and explaining his revenge on Uther to everyone who wanted Arthur executed, Merlin was all the happier at the thought of returning to his tent and another chance to play.

He'd woken Arthur up with the collar in time for a couple of the servitors to bring in a table, chair and food enough for both of them, ready for when he returned.

"I'm sure you must be hungry," Merlin said, "come over and eat."

"In case you haven't noticed, there's only one chair."

Merlin grinned, obviously his restful day had restored some of the prince's spirit. He could use the collar to punish him or wipe all independent thought away, but he was so much more interesting like this.

"So come and kneel here, by my chair, and I can feed you."

Arthur looked distinctly taken aback at that but he didn't fight the instruction, moving to where Merlin indicated.

When he tore a piece of bread and added some cheese, reaching down to feed it to Arthur, he realised his captive had expected a far more abrupt introduction to the evening's activities. Instead he held out the morsel, waiting for Arthur to take it into his mouth and enjoying the feel of lips brushing over his fingers.

Arthur soon overcame his initial reluctance and ate heartily. By the end of the meal Merlin was pushing his fingers into Arthur's mouth, so he could suck them clean of the sauce that covered them, moving them in and out to stroke over his tongue. He didn't want to move too fast and spoil the relaxed atmosphere between them, but already he could imagine what it would feel like on even more sensitive parts of his anatomy.

Arthur took advantage of Merlin reaching over for another morsel to speak, mouth no longer full of Merlin's fingers. "I thought you were planning on training me to use my mouth, but believe it or not, I learnt to eat a long time ago."

Merlin snorted with laughter, enjoying the defiance, or was it teasing? Arthur certainly seemed fairly calm, no sign of worry in his face about taking the next step in his education.

"Oh, believe me, I'm more than happy to move on to even more pleasurable activities, now I know we're not starving you. You could start by unlacing my trousers."

Arthur did as he was instructed and Merlin was pleased to see no hesitation as Arthur pulled his already half-hard cock out of the opening he'd made. Arthur's fingers felt so good on his flesh, the sword calluses teasing at him and Merlin resolved to explore that further, but he'd already decided that what he wanted this evening was Arthur on his knees, where he could claim the wet heat of his mouth.

He reached out his hand to hold the back of Arthur's head, running his fingers through his hair, and gently pulling it towards his cock. His other hand settled into its already accustomed place on Arthur's jaw, coaxing his mouth open with his thumb.

"That's it, hold my cock still and open your mouth a little wider."

"Oh yes, good boy, that's right, that feels wonderful already."

"Use your tongue underneath, like that, such a natural. You were made to suck cock, to suck my cock, weren't you?"

Arthur didn't need much encouragement to start moving his mouth up and down Merlin's cock, unashameably pleasuring him with his lips and tongue. He was obviously new to this, but enthusiastic and with excellent instincts. Merlin knew that one day soon he'd fuck his mouth, hold his head still and use him, but for now he was happy to relax and let Arthur do the work, learning the best way to please his master.

Merlin didn't know how long he lost himself in the sensation but all too soon he couldn't control himself any longer, needed to let go. He stopped Arthur's movement, keeping his cock buried deep in his mouth as he came.

"Swallow it down, that's it, keep it all tidy."

One trickle of come escaped from Arthur's lips and Merlin leant over to lick it up, to kiss him and taste himself in Arthur's mouth, as his spent cock slipped from between his beautiful lips.

"So good," he crooned to him, in between kisses,"such a talented mouth. We're going to be doing that again, very soon."

Arthur was flushed, his mouth showing how well used it had been and his cock was hard, begging to be touched. Merlin couldn't resist the urge to show him just what could be done by an expert and helped him to his feet and over to the bed, lying him down on his back. He was too far gone to even attempt the control he'd tried to maintain before and was begging as soon as Merlin's mouth touched his cock.

He drew out the tease a little, he couldn't let Arthur have it too easy, but soon enough he took pity on his victim and swallowed him down, making him come apart in his mouth.

He drew the covers over them, kissing Arthur again to share his taste and settled down, dreaming of tomorrow and more lessons.