Savior - Part 1
Julie Green

My name is Julie, and I'm 15. The way I look is average enough with me being 5'3", 110 pounds, though I only have B-cup breasts. My neighbor Michael is 17, and since we were little I've always caught him staring at me, stealing glances of my body, and he always loved watching me swim in our wood-fenced backyard pool (no matter how hard he tried to pretend to be doing something else at the time). It was cute and always made me feel sexy, but I didn't think too much more of it until the day he became my savior. 

One day I was at my pool, with my usual 1-man audience, trying to get my flipping dive to work right. I kept landing as a back flop or belly flop, never centered right, and it was really getting me frustrated. Well, I got way too reckless with the trick, and on my last attempt I hit my head on the diving board mid-flip, knocking myself out, then falling into the water. When I woke up later on the poolside, Michael was there and told me that he had jumped in to save me from dying. 

From that point on, I kept thinking of some way I could pay him back for being my savior, but what could you offer to pay a man who saved your LIFE?!?!? Eventually, the idea came to me: I was going to let him see me naked. And not just topless or bottomless, I mean 100% fully head-to-toe naked! Then the problem came as to how to do it, and how I was going to will myself to do something like that when I was so shy about things like that and never let anyone see me naked before. 

To make me not look like a slut or something, I had to make it look like an accident, but every time I got close to an idea I chickened out. One day I tried to "accidentally" change clothes with the window blinds open and him outside, but right before I undid my bra I lost all nerve and closed the blinds. Finally I made a vow to myself that I would do this for him, because I owed him everything, and I was not going to chicken out anymore. And to make sure that he saw me on this one time that I would get it right, I decided to do it while he was over at my place and we were at the pool together. 

Before he came over, I sabotaged my oldest bikini top to make it look like it snapped loose, and I had my newer bikinis in the wash, out of reach. When he knocked on my back door, I answered it meekly wearing just a towel. 

"Um...hi Michael" I shyly said, already losing alot of my nerve, but vowing to keep going. "S..sorry I'm not dressed yet, but my green bikini broke on me and I'm waiting on the others to finish washing." He responded, with wide-eyes "So wait, you're not wearing anything under that towel??" It suddenly occurred to me that I would never let a boy see me in a towel, so I said "Y...yeah. I didn't notice the time. So, um..let's go by the pool while we wait." I couldn't help but glance at his crotch in his trunks, which confirmed to me that he was getting really excited by my almost-naked body. That pushed me forward more. 

We walked over to the lawn chairs by the poolside, where I took one last look at what would be my stripper: my fan. This big thing, designed to keep us cool in our chairs by the poolside, blew strongly enough to blow this thin and light of a towel airborne if I walked in front of it too closely, as I had rehearsed inside before. All that was left for me to do was walk forward 2 more steps, and my savior, my neighbor, a boy, was going to see me naked. My heart was beating out of control, I was sweating enough to look like I had been swimming already, and it felt like my life was flashing before my eyes. 

Next thing I knew, I took a deep breath, closed my eyes, and walked two steps forward. WHOOSH! In a flash my loosely-hooked towel took off like a bird! My arms were hanging off to either side, and when I opened my eyes Michael was staring right at me! All of my nerve went away in an instant, as I screamed and covered my chest with my right hand and my shaven pussy with my left hand, but not before he had gotten to see both areas bare as bare can be. I remembered my promise to myself then, and somehow willed myself to turn away from him to "accidentally" show him my ass too, which I had planned as a fake reaction to wanting to hide my front more. It turned out, though, that it wasn't so fake, as I was frozen and unable to make myself turn to face him again and my arms were completely frozen in place covering me. This was kinda important since I needed to get my towel back, and I wasn't even facing it anymore. 

Suddenly I noticed the door there a little bit in front of me, and I ran for it. And then when I got there, I turned the handle and remembered that it was locked. Our door auto-locks and usually I'd have my key hooked to the band of my bikini bottoms, but with all of the excitement I completely forgot to bring the key manually out with me this time. I WAS LOCKED OUTSIDE, NAKED, and there was a boy staring right at me! 

I meekly turned around to face him now, and I saw him carrying my lost towel to me. This made me blush harder than my nakedness had, because even now he was still playing the role of my savior. It made me feel kinda silly for my shyness, and when he came near I let go of my chest with my right hand so that I could grab the towel, letting him see my breasts again and up close this time. Then I realized that I'd need my other hand too to wrap it around me, so after a few seconds of hesitation, I moved my lower hand off of me, flashing my bare kitty at him again, before wrapping the towel around my body. 

"Um...I hope you like what you saw?" I kinda squeaked. He shyly answered back "Oh yeah." Then my attention returned to me being trapped outside. "I forgot my key inside, and all of my doors are locked and nobody's even home. I don't want my mom to catch me like this when she gets back, or..anyone else seeing me or anything. Can you help me at all?" 

To be continued....


zzz
Savior - Part 2

Michael told me "My parents and brothers are at my house, so I kinda doubt you want to go there yourself, but I could go grab you a shirt and some shorts." Again saving me, I quickly answered "Yes please! I'll wait here for you" and he went off. I was so relieved as this was almost over...right? Wrong. 

It turns out that someone had been watching us this whole time, someone with the soul of Lucifer lurking in her blonde shell of a body: Crystal. Let's just keep it short to say that I would rape her with a hot curling iron just for her past deeds to me, and now the bitch leaps my fence. She sneaks up behind me, then suddenly lifts up the back of my towel to expose my naked ass and takes a picture with her phone. I scream, turn, and get furious when I see who it is and what she had done. "Hey! Give me that phone right now!" as I tried to reach for it, but she held it out of my range and said "What, don't want everyone to see your ugly little butt?" At this point I am screaming "Give it to me NOW!" as I try to punch her, but holding my towel in place with one hand limited me far too much. "Oh, you want to get violent now huh?" she teased as she grabbed my arm and used her other arm on my shoulders to take me down face-first on the concrete. As I tried to squirm back up, she sat on my back and help me in place. She then turned to face my legs, lifted my towel up to my back to expose me again, and snapped more pictures of my ass. I was kicking, flailing, and screaming, but it wasn't doing any good. 

Next thing I know, she stands up and yanks the towel violently off of my body, causing me to yell both in pain and shock as I was now completely naked again, with the only thing preventing this bitch from photographing my every naked inch being me being face down, and I knew what was coming. I started pleading with her "Crystal please, don't do this to me!" But she just laughed it off as she grabbed my hands behind my back and used my own towel to tie them together. Now I knew I was in real trouble, and I spread my legs wide to try and prevent being turned over. She grabbed my shoulder and pulled, but I resisted and held strong, so she grabbed my face and tried to use it as leverage. When that didn't work, she grabbed her phone again and stuck it between my legs! Before she could take any pictures I immediately closed them, but this allowed her to grab my far knee and pull. I started struggling and fighting like mad, but 
I was still flipped face up and naked in front of my worst enemy. I pulled as hard as I could on my towel-tie holding my hands away from even covering myself, as I watched her start taking pictures of me. She even got extreme closeups of both of my nipples, and my bare little pussy, before I broke free of my towel. I quickly scrambled up and just started running away from her, not even wasting the time to grab my towel, my only cover. 

To be continued.



Savior - Part 3

Here I am, running through my own back yard naked, being chased by my mortal enemy Crystal who is snapping pictures of me as she goes, and I'm powerless to stop all of it. 

Luckily for me, I have a savior, as Michael finally returned with clothes in his hand, and seeing what was happening he ran and grabbed Crystal's arm. I pulled his clothes onto me so fast that I think I might've ripped part of the shirt, but it felt SO good to not be naked anymore. I told Michael "Give me her phone! She's been taking pictures of me!" and sure enough, I was given her phone. I quickly went and deleted them all (there were like 40, so I just hit "erase all" including all of her other pictures. Heh heh, oops). Michael was very upset, asking her why she was trying to mess with me, and she never really gave much of an answer besides that I "deserved" to be messed with for my "attitude". 

I decided that I was going to show her what getting what someone deserves is really like, so I asked Michael "Hey...want to help me strip her back?" He liked the idea, and Crystal clearly didn't. She actually started trying to break free of his grip, but it wasn't working. He just pulled her into a full nelson restraining hold where she couldn't move anything but her legs. 

She was only wearing a bikini and some shorts over the bottoms, so I went for the shorts first. She tried to kick me in the face, so I told her "Hey! If you behave I'll let you keep your bottoms, but if you kick me you're getting stripped bareass!" She stopped kicking at this point, and her shorts were pulled off. Now wearing only her bikini, she got to watch as I went to untie the top. She tried to beg, but I ignored her and yanked the top off, exposing her boobs to the world. Then, just for the reaction, I whispered "Oh by the way...I lied!" before ripping down her bottoms in one quick yank. She freaked as she was now completely naked in front of me, and Michael turned her around so that he could see every inch of her, while not letting her escape. 

Next, I took her own phone, and snapped a full-frontal shot of her and several closeups. Then, I let her watch me add all of the guys from her contact list, and a bunch of guys that I knew, to a giant text message containing the pictures. She pleaded "No please, Julie, that's going too far! I wasn't going to do that to you" to which I replied "Sure, bitch, sure" and let her watch me hit the send button, and even let her watch the sending animation. Her eyes went so wide, and her head hung defeated. After that, I told Michael to toss her into my pool and let her go "We're done with that trash" Crystal flailed around in the pool, then got out and ran. I wasn't even going to let her get her clothes back, so she ran with her hands covering her front all the way home, which unfortunately wasn't that far away, but was still hilarious. 

Afterwords, I told Michael how much I appreciated him always saving me, and then I took his hand, put it under my shirt, and let him touch my breasts for about a minute. The look on his face told me that we were even. 

The End.
