Title: On Saturday
Author: Vinnie Tesla
Universe: A Week of Dreams
Summary: Love, lazy mornings, and rough oral sex: a short fantasy
Keywords: M/F oral rough rom

..I woke up alone in my bed, fantasizing about waking up next to you.

I imagined watching you sleep for a moment, admiring your dark hair,
tousled over your forehead, the delicate seashell color of your slightly
parted lips. Then I'd begin brushing your still-sleeping face with the
gentlest of kisses until your eyes opened, then pressing my mouth
against yours and twining our limbs together, kissing you awake with 
teasing licks and gentle bites along the soft skin of your neck. My cock 
is hard and hot, throbbing against your lean thigh. Tendrils of cool 
morning air are finding their way under the covers as we roll together.

I imagined running my hand over your body, still hot and stiff with
sleep, squeezing your damp pussy until you're shaking your hips and
groaning into my mouth.

My teeth on your neck are getting rougher now, my hands on your body
pressing harder. I grab your hair (so soft and fine!) with both hands 
and you groan. I kiss
your slack mouth hard, and then tug your head down under the covers,
where its warm and dark and stuffy, musky with our two bodies.
I press your mouth against my nipple for a moment and you suck
frantically. Suddenly I pull you down again until you're crouched at my
waist, trying to keep your feet under the covers, my erection against
your cheek, hot against cool, smooth against smooth.

   From up here in the light and air, I can hear you groan as I hump
against your face, can feel the moisture of your breath against my balls
and thighs, can feel the wild strength in your arms wrapped around my legs.

I run a hand over your face and press your jaw open with my thumb. You
whimper and grab my thumb into the shocking heat of your mouth. As you
begin to suck, you can hear me groan up above you, feel a wave pass
through my entire body, as my prick pulses against your cheek, the tip
moistening with thin fluid. After a moment, I withdraw my thumb, except
for the tip, pressed against your lower teeth.

We're both trembling now, as I run the slick head of my cock around
your moist lips, still pried open with my thumb. I have to tug hard at 
your hair to keep you from
engulfing me all at once. I ease my prick between your jaws, and remove
my thumb so that you can form a sucking seal with your mouth. My hand
goes down to grip your jaw from beneath, and you groan, sending shivers
of pleasure up my spine, and producing an answering groan from above.

By slow steps, we work my cock into your throat, until your nose is
brushing my stomach hairs. I jerk there a few times, transfixed by the
sensation and the thrilling, wicked idea of what you're doing to me.

I release your head, and let you bob at your own pace there under the
covers, writhing under the intense sensations rocketing through my
nervous system. I force my eyes open to watch the shapes moving under
the covers and imagine your lovely face. I can feel the thick hair of 
your cunt rubbing against my calf. I stroke your forehead with my
fingertips, run my fingernails over your scalp, and then pull your mouth
off my slick erection.  You struggle to catch your breath down there in
the close musky heat; our bodies have begun to sweat. I'm intensely
aware of the roughness of the sheet against my cockhead after the
slickness of your throat.

Then the shock of light and cool air hit you as I whip the covers off of
us. For a moment I stare transfixed at the slender, graceful body curled 
below me; as your eyes meet mine, I feel a shiver of love and fear--your 
wild energy, feral and devoted, flows into me so I'm dizzied by its 
force. I grab the back of your neck, and haul you back up becide me, where
I press you face down against the mattress.

I'm on top of you now, my prick, still wet with your saliva, sliding
along the groove of your ass. You can feel my
heart pounding against your back. "Fuck me," you groan, and you feel my
grip tighten, my hip motions accelerate.

Then I'm off you again, my hand again holding your face to the bed, as
my other hand strokes your ass. You arch your back, pressing your
slender cheeks against my hand. Then it comes down: one, two, three, one
two three. Quick, hard spanks on each cheek. "Yes, yes, yes,"
you murmur. I watch the color bloom on your ass for a moment before
diving down to kiss & lick & bite & kiss & lick, my hand diving between
your legs to stroke your drooling slit.

Then I'm up again, at the head of the bed, my back against the wall,
pulling at your hair again, as I guide your mouth back on to my eagerly
bobbing cock. And there my inventiveness falls prey to your skill. You
suck and bob, you stroke my balls and perineum with your hands. I reach
under you and stroke your breasts, squeeze your nipples roughly, but I
can't bring myself to escape from your mouth again. I watch the rosy
bloom where my hands struck your ass, I watch the complex play of muscle
in your slim, deeply-grooved back as you readjust your position to be 
able to reach my cock
with you hands. I watch your brow knit and relax as you labor away, and
soon my moans rise in pitch in volume, I yell out, I grip your head, you
feel the pulse pass through my prick, you feel the hot fluid strike the
back of your throat. You suck and swallow, suck and suck, until
post-orgasmic sensitivity has me wincing and pulling you off of me, to
salvage some blankets from the pile at the foot of the bed, and fold you
in my arms for a couple minutes.

No longer, though--after a performance like that, the very least I can 
do is make you coffee.

Your abject and devoted top,
Vinnie
