Madison
by Demonhead
Copyright© 2021 by Demonhead

Chapter 15: Monday

Madison woke up and saw Katie looking down at her. Katie was rubbing her belly and it felt nice.

“Good morning sunshine.” Katie said and continued to rub the tight little belly.

“Good morning, Katie. What time is it?” Madison asked.

“It’s 6:45, how did you sleep?” Katie said.

“I slept great; it was wonderful.” Madison said and stretched her arms over her head, giving Katie a wonderful view of the bottoms of her cute boobs.

“You fell asleep before the movie even started.” Katie said and smiled.

“Yeah, I was really tired, but I feel much better now.” Madison said.

“Ok, get your cute butt up and get ready for school, Aaron is ready when you are.” Katie said and stood up, looking down at the amazing package of cuteness.

Madison got up and walked into the bathroom. Her shower felt wonderful, and her body was refreshed. Her legs were still a little sore but much, much better. Thank you, Gerard. She smiled when she thought of him, he was so funny. She wrapped a towel around herself and walked back into her room. She picked up the hairbrush and sat down to try and get all the kinks out of her long hair. Katie walked by and she saw Madison hold the brush out towards her. She stepped in and took the brush, she started brushing the wonderful hair.

“That feels so good, I love it when someone brushes my hair.” Madison said.

“Does your daddy do it for you?” Katie asked.

“Not very often, he is always really busy in the morning getting himself ready.” She said and Katie heard the sadness in her voice.

“Well, I am here for you anytime you need, your hair is exquisite.” Katie said.

“Thank you, Katie.” Madison said.

Katie brushed the young girl’s hair until it was smooth and silky. She loved the smell of her; she took a deep breath and inhaled.

“What do you want to do with it today?” Katie said.

“A ponytail, can you do that?” Madison said.

“Can I do that, honey, I have been doing hair since I was 12, my girlfriends and I were obsessed. Middle or side?” Katie asked and Madison giggled.

“Middle, please.” She said and Katie went to work.

Madison looked up and turned her head. She had a nice tight ponytail with a pretty blue ribbon tied around it.

“What do you think?” Katie asked.

“I love it, thank you so much. Now I have to hurry a little or I will be late.” Madison said.

“Ok, I will let you get dressed, what do you want for breakfast?” Katie asked.

“Toast will be great, thank you Katie.” Madison said.

“Coming up.” Katie said and kissed the top of her head.

Madison watched her walk out of her room and her heart hurt. She missed her mom, even though she hurt daddy bad. She missed these moments with her. She wiped a tear and stood up to get dressed. She pulled out her underwear drawer. She remembered she had a meeting this afternoon and Mr. Thompson said it was the biggest one yet. She would have to look extra cute. She picked up her pink lace bra and panties. They fit her good and she loved the look of the pink next to her tanned skin.

She dropped the towel and started fiddling with the bra. Brad walked by and looked in to see her drop her towel. His cock lurched; he had seen her naked plenty lately but for some reason that still looked really hot. He watched her play with her bra and slide it over those precious breasts. He watched her slide the pink panties up her strong legs and loved the way It hugged that tight little ass. Yes, Simpson would be butter in her hands this afternoon. He walked downstairs rubbing his cock.

Madison looked in her closet and wondered what an old man would like to see her in. She remembered Mr. Thompson said blouse and skirt, so she grabbed a white shirt and her blue pleated skirt. She put on the shirt and buttoned all but the top two. She slipped the skirt on and tucked in the shirt. She looked in the mirror and turned, the skirt came about 5 inches or so above her knees, showing a lot of her pretty legs. She spun and saw a flash of pink; she would have to watch the wind today. She slipped on some cute socks and started downstairs.

Brad walked into the kitchen and Katie snickered. She saw he was already rock hard. He poured himself a cup of coffee and sat down. He looked uncomfortable.

“Pants a little tight this morning. Did you have an issue walking down the hall?” She said and smiled.

“Fuck, I can’t get over how much she impacts me. All I did was watch her put on her underwear. She has been naked in our backyard for a week it seems, yet I get excited watching her put on clothes. Is she a witch?” Brad said and took a sip of coffee.

“That would explain a lot, but I am sorry my friend, she is not a witch. She is just a perfect young girl that happens to be so fucking cute it hurts. What do you have today?” Katie said.

“A bunch of financial crap and Simpson at 5:00.” Brad said.

“Simpson, he is the hotel guy, right? Haven’t you been after him for a while.” Katie asked.

“Yeah, I feel like I am opening up all the cold cases now that I have a secret weapon.” Brad said.

“You are a pervert, you know that?” Katie said.

“Yep, but I am your pervert.” Brad said and laughed.

They both turned to watch her walk down the stairs. Her legs were spectacular under the short skirt. The schoolgirl vibe was strong this morning with the white shirt, short skirt, and cute socks. Madison walked into the kitchen and poured herself a glass of milk. She grabbed her toast out of the toaster and sat down at the table. She looked up to see them both looking at her.

“What?” She asked, fearing there was something on her face.

“You are so pretty.” Katie said and Madison smiled.

“Not as pretty as you.” Madison said and took a bite of toast.

Katie shook her head and tried not to jump on the young girl and start kissing her again. She took a deep breath and a sip of coffee.

Madison finished breakfast and put her dishes in the sink. She walked over to Katie and stood in front of her. Katie put her hands on the girl’s hips and looked at the cute little creature. She reached up and opened her third button on her shirt. She straightened the shirt and saw just a glimpse of the two little boobs. She leaned forward and kissed her exposed chest.

“Pretty girl, you will break some hearts again today.” Katie said and kissed her lips gently.

Madison smiled and hugged her. She hugged Mr. Thompson, grabbed her bag, and walked out to meet Aaron. He was standing next to the car and smiling.

“Front or back today?” He asked.

“Front, of course.” She said and he opened the driver door.

She scrambled into the car, giving him a great view of a pair of pretty pink panties. She settled in the seat and he got in. He started the car and started driving to her house.

“Did you have a good sleep?” Madison asked.

“I certainly did, yesterday was a long day.” He said.

“Yeah, me too, I fell asleep on the couch watching a movie.” Madison said.

“You are looking especially cute today.” He said as he looked at her lovely thighs.

“Oh, this old stuff, I just threw it on.” She said and they both laughed.

She scooted over closer to him. He put his arm on her left thigh and she held his arm and leaned into him.

“Aaron, will you still drive me places when daddy gets home, and everything goes back to normal?” She asked and looked at him with those sparkling eyes.

“Yes maam, I will be ready whenever you need me.” He said and squeezed the strong thigh.

“Thank you, Aaron, I like riding with you.” She said and leaned on his arm.

Aaron drove to her house and wondered what he did before she came around. He pulled into her driveway and put the car in park. She got on her knees and kissed him. He felt her little tongue wrap around his for a second and then she pulled back.

“Have a great day. Remember you have to pick up me and Sam at school today.” She said and slid over to the door.

He took one more look at her as she opened the door and got out. She leaned over and looked at him before closing the door and he saw her shirt open, and her pink bra appear. God, he loved this girl.

“See you later.” She said and closed the door.

He took a deep breath and adjusted his cock. She would be the death of him. He watched her walk up to her neighbor’s porch. Good luck old man, he thought and pulled out of her driveway.

Barry Jones saw her get out of the car and start to walk over. Roscoe popped his head up and then shot off the porch like a rocket. He heard her giggle and then kneel down to pet Roscoe. Roscoe was going crazy and trying to lick anything he could get to. Barry saw the little dog lick her inner thigh as he was walking down the steps and he heard her giggle again. As he got closer, he saw the pink lace that was appearing between those pretty thighs. Her skirt was a little shorter than usual and he saw the panties easily as she rubbed on his little dog.

Barry walked up to her and she looked up at him. He was then treated to a cute little face and a pink lace bra as he looked down her open shirt. It was a glorious day in the neighborhood.

“Good morning, Mr. Jones.” Madison said and saw that look in his eyes.

“Yes, it is, how are you today Madison?” He asked.

“Good, I slept like a rock last night. Daddy is coming home tomorrow, I can’t wait.” She said and picked up Roscoe. Now the little dog was licking her neck and ear.

“Yes, it will be nice to have you guys back, I have missed you.” He said.

“Yes, I have missed you too.” She said and hugged him; Roscoe trapped between them.

He put one hand on her head and one on her back. He tried to push the image of her in that little bikini out of his head, but it was proving to be difficult as he felt her arm around his waist. He felt her pull back and then she put Roscoe down.

“I have to get to school.” She said.

“Yes, I will see you soon.” He said.

“I have a meeting this afternoon, so I won’t be by this afternoon.” She said.

“Arghh, I will not make it, what will I do?” he said and put him arm over his face. He heard that magical laugh; for some reason the world always seemed better when that laugh happened.

“Mr. Jones, you are so silly. Have a good day.” She said and turned to walk down the sidewalk.

He picked up Roscoe and watched her cute butt behind that little skirt until he couldn’t see her anymore.

Madison stopped in front of Sam’s house and waited for her friend. She saw the door open, and Sam came out. She was wearing a denim skirt and a pink tank top. She was so cute.

“Hey Rock Star, how was your weekend?” Sam said and hugged her.

They turned to walk, and Madison wanted so badly to share her experiences with Sam, but she was not sure how she would react to hearing about her putting Aaron’s thing in her mouth and her kissing Katie between her legs. She did want to try that with Sam the first chance she got though.

“It was good, how was yours?” Madison said.

“Mom was a little sad, Dad was away all weekend again.” Sam said as they walked.

“When is he coming back?” Madison said and was sorry her friend’s daddy was gone as well.

“We think Wednesday maybe.” Sam said.

Madison didn’t answer but thought it was strange that she didn’t know exactly when her daddy was coming back. He must have a different job then her daddy. They talked the rest of the way to school about silly stuff and track.

Madison walked into her first period class and Mr. Thomas was sitting behind his desk. He looked up at her and smiled. She slid into her desk and she noticed he was looking at her over his glasses. He was looking up her skirt again. She held perfectly still and tried to look at him without him noticing. She leaned over to put something in her desk and felt her legs separate a little. She saw him move in his seat and then sit up straight. She sat back up and got her notebook out. Mr. Thomas was now officially one of her guys. Why were all of her guys old men? Oh well, she seemed to be making them happy and that was good.

Hank Thomas watched the little cutie walk into his class. God, she was pretty. She looked like your stereotypical schoolgirl today even down to her cute socks with little bows on them. He watched her slide into her seat, and he could see the wonderful thighs as she got settled. She bent over and he saw those thighs separate and then he saw pink lace and his heart skipped. Those panties screamed at him and his cock was rigid instantly. He tried not to be too obvious, but it was difficult. She sat up and got her notebook out and he stared at the pink lace. He would be lecturing from his chair today.

Madison thought about her daddy coming home tomorrow and her moving back into her house. She was going to miss Katie something horrible. She loved their talks, her brushing her hair, them snuggling on the couch to watch a movie, and those kisses. She wondered if they could visit them a lot so she could see her again. She would have to ask daddy. Then she thought about Aaron and his wonderful fingers. She squirmed a little when she remembered the trip back from the airport. She also thought of his large, what did Katie call it, cock. Yes, that was what she said. His cock and how it tasted nice and then how strange it was when it sprayed his white stuff all over her face. Katie said it was hot and guys liked that but is still felt a little strange.

The bell rang and she jumped. Her notebook had very little written in it and she felt bad. She was daydreaming all period and heard very little of what Mr. Thomas said. She would have to apologize and ask him if she could get some notes. She put all her stuff in her bag and went up to his desk.

“Mr. Thomas, I am so sorry, but I lost my focus a lot during class, do you have something I could read to catch up?” She said and he looked up at her.

“Um, Madison, I don’t really have anything, let me look. I have planning third period, come by and I will have something.” He said.

“Thanks Mr. Thomas, I have lunch that period, I will come and eat in here with you and you can help me.” She said.

“Ok, that will work.” He said and he watched her bounce out of the room.

Madison paid better attention in her second period class, maybe that was because she was pretty sure Mrs. Lopez was not looking up her skirt. She walked to her locker, told Sam she would not be in lunch and headed to Mr. Thomas’s classroom. She walked in and he was climbing up a ladder in front of his closet. He looked really unsteady as he started to climb.

“Mr. Thomas, stop.” She said as she ran over to him.

He stopped and looked down to see Madison holding his ladder. Her shirt was open, and he was staring at her pink bra and some lovely cleavage.

“Come down, you are going to fall.” She said and he started down.

“Girl, you almost scared me to death.” He said as he got to the ground.

“What were you doing, this ladder is rickety at best and you looked like you were going to fall.” She said.

“Well, thank you for saving my life.” He said and she laughed.

“No problem, now what do you need?” she said and looked up at the closet.

“That box over there for starters. It has some stuff I need for next week.” He said.

“Got it, hold the ladder for me?” She said and started climbing before he could say anything.

She climbed quickly and he was soon looking right up her skirt at two lovely thighs with pink lace between them. He had never seen a lovelier site in his life. He saw her reaching for the box, she was pretty short, and it was a long reach. She went up another step and now her ankles and those cute socks were next to his face. She reached for the box and her left leg left the ladder so she could reach farther. Now he was looking up as she was spreading her legs. He saw the pink lace covering what he knew was a pretty teenage pussy. He felt her start to lose her balance and he grabbed her right thigh and her left calf to stabilize her. He saw her pull the box out.

“Got it.” She said and started down the ladder. He pulled his hands off her legs and took the box from her as she got down.

“Thank you, Madison, I am sorry you had to do that.” He said, lying through his teeth as he was trying to think of other reasons to get her on that ladder.

“Not a problem, I will be happy to climb up there any time you need me to.” She said as she sat in her desk and pulled out her lunch.

“Thank you, Madison, you are sweet, I promise to let you know when I need you.” He said, not lying this time.

She ate her lunch and talked to Mr. Thomas. He turned out to be really cool for an old guy. She thought he was very interesting. She enjoyed eating lunch in his class. She may have to do it again. He gave her some notes and some pages for her to read. She grabbed her backpack and left to meet Sam for fourth period.

Hank Thomas sat in his chair and wondered what had just happened. A pretty freshman that he had secretly been lusting over just came into his room, got on a ladder so he could see everything there was to see up her skirt and then sat and ate lunch with him. She was a lovely girl, and he would have to modify some of his fantasies.

Madison and Sam laughed the rest of the day and then got brutalized during track practice. Coach was now truly out of his mind; he was working everyone really hard, but Madison secretly loved it. She was curious how far she could push her body and coach was letting her explore those boundaries. They were now standing in the shower letting the warm water flow over their sore bodies. She looked at her pretty friend and watched the water run off her nipples of her cute breasts. They were not as big as hers, but she still wanted to kiss them.

Sam turned to grab the soap and Madison looked at her firm butt. Now this compared very well to hers and she wondered if Aaron would one day get to judge who’s is best. That would be fun. She was staring at her friend’s ass until she turned around. She saw Sam smiling at her.

“Like my butt, rock star?” She said.

“Very much, it was the secret to my win on Saturday. I just followed it for as long as I could.” Madison said.

“Well, I am glad my butt could help. It is yours anytime you need it.” Sam said and they both laughed.

They dressed and walked out to see the big black car and Aaron leaning against it.

“You ladies need a ride?” he said.

“Yes sir, if you have room.” Madison said.

“Let me see.” He said and opened the door.

“Yep, you are in luck. I have room for two.” He said and he watched two cute little butts scramble into the car. He shut the door and took a deep breath as he walked around the car.

Madison and Sam talked and giggled all the way to Sam’s house. Madison kissed her on the lips and hugged her. Sam smiled and climbed out, Madison and Aaron watched the short denim skirt until she went into the house.

They drove to the office and Madison held his hand as they rode the elevator and walked to the floor. Alex was sitting behind her desk when they walked up. She was wearing a tight blue dress and she looked amazing again. She got up and came around and looked at Madison.

“You are perfect, Mr. Thompson asked me to make sure your hair was ok when you got here but it is perfect. He is waiting for you.” Alex said.

“Thanks Alex, see you after the meeting.” Madison said and walked towards the office.

Alex looked at Aaron and he smiled and took her hand. He led her to the supply closet, and she followed. He opened the door and spun her until she was facing the table. She put her hands down on the table as she felt him sliding her dress up. He pulled it up over her ass and ripped her panties down. Alex groaned in pleasure as the huge black cock found its home again in her moist pussy.

“Oh God, that is nice, I needed this bad.” Aaron said as he buried himself in Alex’s warm pussy.

“Someone is a little worked up.” Alex said.

“Yeah, you could say that.” Aaron said and grabbed her hair.

“Fuck yes, slam it in me.” Alex said and looked back at him.

Aaron looked at her and her eyes were glazed over with desire and her mouth was open. He started pumping his cock in and out of her as he pulled her head back. She groaned and grunted as he pummeled her. He closed his eyes and focused on the pussy that was wrapped around his cock. He heard her squeal, and he opened his eyes.

“Fuck me hard, Mr. Aaron.” She said in a raspy voice and he saw Madison’s face where Alex’s should be.

He grunted and delivered his load into her. She was moaning and grunting as he filled her womb with his seed. He looked back and Alex was smiling at him. He let go of her hair and he saw her slide her panties up and pull her dress down.

“Well, that was nice. I like it when you bring her here.” Alex said and kissed him on the cheek.

He stood in the supply closet for a while after she left and tried to regain his composure.

Brad was looking over the Simpson contract when she walked in. She was smiling and looking incredibly cute and sexy at the same time. Her ponytail was perfect with the white shirt, short skirt and cute little socks. Yes, this would be like taking candy from a baby.

“Hey, Mr. Thompson, am I late?” She said as she walked up.

“Nope, right on time.” He said and watched her walk around the desk and stand next to him.

“What is the plan today?” She said and he smiled. All business this one.

“Well, his name is Simpson, and his company manages multiple hotel chains so if we land this one it will be our biggest yet. He will be alone, and he is the CEO, so it is all his decision. We just have to convince him that it would be a good idea to work with us.” He said and looked at her.

“So, daddy will get this account if we sign him?” She said.

“Yes, maam, your daddy is putting together a nice list of clients.” He said.

“Good, this is the contract?” She said.

“Yes, we will sweeten the offer a little just to kick off the negotiations.” He said.

“And then I will make sure he wants to work with us.” She said.

“You got it, and Katie told me to stop everything if you begin to feel uncomfortable.” He said.

“Yeah, she told me that as well, but I am ok. All of the men have been nice so far.” She said and he smiled.

The phone buzzed and she heard Alex’s voice.

“Mr. Simpson is here.” She said.

“Thanks Alex, send him in.” Brad said.

Madison looked at the door and saw Alex leading in a man that looked about the same age as Mr. Thompson. He was dressed very nice. She noticed he was looking at Alex’s butt as he walked in. Well, it was pretty much perfect so she couldn’t blame him. He sat in the big chair and Alex left.

“Tom, so nice to see you again.” Mr. Thompson said.

“Yes, Brad, nice to see you. How is Katie?” Mr. Simpson said.

“She is good, spunky as ever.” Mr. Thompson said, and the man laughed.

“Yes, she is a firecracker.” Mr. Simpson said and looked right at Madison.

“Tom, I need to introduce you to my new intern. This is Madison, she is helping me after school.” Mr. Thompson said, and Madison walked around the desk.

Tom Simpson watched as the young girl came around the desk and walked towards him with her hand out. She was precious and dressed like she walked right out of a schoolgirl photo shoot. Her long hair was in a single ponytail and her face was flawless. The shirt was unbuttoned to show a glimpse of cleavage and he thought it was hot as fuck. He looked down and the short skirt showed two perfect legs capped off by cute socks and sneakers. Was this a joke?

“Nice to meet you Mr. Simpson.” Madison said and the man shook her hand.

Tom took her soft hand in his and looked at Brad. Brad nodded and smiled. He looked back at the girl and she was smiling as well.

“Nice to meet you as well Madison. What school do you go to?” He said.

“I am a freshman at Parker High.” She said, shaking his hand.

“Freshman? How old are you?” Tom said.

“I am 14, sir.” She said, still holding his hand.

Tom looked at Brad again and then back at the girl. He could see a hint of pink bra peeking out of the top of her shirt. God, she was hot but so young. His poor cock was throbbing.

“So, Tom, we have tweaked a couple of the numbers.” Brad said and Tom looked at him. He felt the girl move next to him, her hip brushing his hand on the arm of the chair.

“Ok, tell me what you got.” Tom said and slid his hand off the arm of the chair and touched her skirt. She didn’t react.

“We have increased the term by a year and in return we have lowered the per unit cost for you by 10 cents. This should result in massive savings for you over time and is well ahead of your offer from ERG.” Brad said and watched Tom’s hand touch Madison’s skirt.

Tom moved his hand down and felt the soft skin of her thigh. 14? Fuck, he was going to hell or jail, he wasn’t sure which one first. He slid his hand up the inside of her thigh, her skin was soft and firm. He loved the feel of teenage flesh. He took a deep breath.

“Ok, that is a start. How quickly can you supply product after we order?” Tom said and felt lace as he moved his hand up to her ass. God, it was tight and firm.

“We can turn it around in 48 hours and drop ship if you need it.” Brad said and saw Tom’s face getting a little red as he played around under her skirt.

Tom was now rubbing a firm teenage ass and he was staring at a button on the white shirt. He reached over and popped the button, her shirt opening to show the pink bra and the tops on her tits. His cock lurched. She turned and looked at him as he popped the next button. He undid the next one and now he could see her flat stomach. God, this girl was perfect. He ran his fingers over her stomach and up to her bra. He moved her directly in front of him and put his hands on those nice tits. He squeezed them and saw the flesh move together and push over the top of the bra.

Brad knew he was toast now. He stopped talking and let Tom negotiate with himself. He watched Tom open her shirt and pull it out of her skirt. He saw him open the clasp and then he saw Tom’s eyes light up as her boobs bounced free. Brad could see her nipples were stiff and he saw Tom’s hand grab both of them.

Madison felt his hand on her butt and then he started unbuttoning her shirt. He opened it and pulled it out of her skirt and then he opened her bra. His hands were soft and warm on her boobs and she closed her eyes as he squeezed them. It felt nice and she was happy that daddy would get another big contract. She felt one of his hands move between her legs and rub across the front of her panties. She moaned and leaned into him.

Tom watched her face, and her eyes were closed, and he heard her make a small moan as he moved his hand across her warm pussy. He could feel the heat behind the lace panties. He moved his other hand off the perfect tit and grabbed both sides of her panties and pulled down. He pulled them over her thighs and then watched them flutter to the ground, around her ankles. He saw her step out of them with her right foot. He slid his hands up her soft thighs and lifted the skirt. He saw a perfect smooth little pussy surrounded by perfect thighs. She was remarkable.

Madison felt her panties land around her ankles, and she stepped out of them so she wouldn’t trip herself. His hands moved up her thighs and she felt him lift her skirt and look at her. Another old guy added to the list. She would need a bigger piece of paper to keep track of her guys. She felt him touch her pussy and it felt good. She felt a tingle as he rubbed her soft skin. She put her hands on his shoulders and closed her eyes.

Tom was amazed at how soft but yet firm her body was. Young girls were so different than grown women. He loved women and his girlfriend was hot, but this little minx was incredible. He rubbed her hot young pussy, and she closed her eyes and moaned. He moved forward and kissed her stiff nipple. She moaned again and pushed her tit into his mouth. She was a hot one. 14? Fuck, there were no girls like this when he was 14.

Madison felt his finger slip between her moist lips and she felt another tingle. He kissed her nipple and she shivered as it felt like a shock. She wanted him to kiss it more. Her body felt warm as the man touched her soft skin. She leaned into him more as his finger moved through her. She felt the pleasure coming and she bit her lip.

Tom felt her shiver and he ran his finger though her wet pussy. He sucked and licked her nipple as he found her little clit with his finger. He touched it and he heard her moan in his ear, her head almost on his shoulder. He sucked the stiff nipple and ran his finger around her clit. He felt her shiver and then she moaned louder, and her body started to shake. He wrapped his arm around her as he rubbed on her clit. She squeezed his shoulder with her hands and continued to vibrate under his hands. He could not remember a better feeling in his life than bringing this young girl to orgasm. She was precious and now vibrating on his finger. He held her as she recovered, her breathing slowing down, her body shaking occasionally. He looked at Brad and he was smiling.

Madison felt herself slowly recovering as he held her. It was nice, not as nice as Katie when she did her thing but still very good. She felt him turn her around and pull her up on his lap, her legs falling around his, so they were spread open. He put his hand in her shirt and was rubbing her boobs. His other hand was still moving through her pussy. She looked and Mr. Thompson was watching her with a smile on his face. She smiled back.

“So, Brad, what were those numbers again?” Tom said as he rubbed the firm young body on his lap.

“Extra year and 10% reduction in unit cost with 48-hour delivery. It’s all right here.” Brad said and was holding out a pen.

“That sounds like it will work.” Tom said and moved both hands up so he could hold onto both of her nice tits. 14? With tits like this, not fair.

“Madison, will you help Mr. Simpson sign in the right place?” Brad said.

“Yes, sir. Mr. Simpson, can I get up?” she said sweetly and looked at Tom.

He took his hands out of her shirt and she hopped off of his lap. He watched her tits jiggle as she walked to the desk. She pulled the contract over and found Alex’s first sticker.

“Right here, sir.” Madison said and looked at Mr. Simpson.

Tom looked at the young temptress, smiling at him with her finger on the paper, her shirt wide open and her wonderful tits just right there. He looked down and her panties were still on her left ankle. Fuck, could this get any hotter? He stood up and took the pen from Brad. He leaned over and signed, two pretty little boobs hanging right next to his face. He watched them jiggle again as she turned the pages.

“Now here.” She said.

He signed again, mesmerized by the tits, the way they hung there and then shook slightly as she moved.

“Last place.” She said and he signed.

He sat back in the chair as she pushed the papers to Brad. She turned and walked up to him.

“Thank you, Mr. Simpson, that was wonderful.” She said and smiled.

“Madison, that was one of the best things that has ever happened to me, you are incredible.” He said.

“Thank you, sir, you are very sweet.” She said.

“Tom, it was nice to see you again. I will have Alex send over the copies to your office and we look forward to a long relationship.” Brad said, walking around the desk and taking Tom’s hand.

Mr. Thompson led Mr. Simpson over to the door and walked out with him. She heard them talking to Alex and then Mr. Thompson walked back into the office. He walked up to her, picked her up, and hugged her. She wrapped her arms around him as her feet dangled in the air.

Brad put her down and sat down in the chair. He looked at her and her shirt was wide open, her bra open and her young boobs staring at him. He looked down and her panties were around her ankle. He bent down and slipped them on her right foot and pulled them up her legs. He pulled her bra together and snapped it closed. He started buttoning her shirt.

“We did good, right?” Madison asked.

“Yes, baby, we did good. That was a nice contract.” Mr. Thompson said as he finished buttoning her shirt.

“Will the next one be bigger?” She asked.

“Well, there is a really big one I want to try for if you are willing. It would be the biggest one this company has ever signed.” He said.

“Absolutely, everyone gets a little more intense. Do you think I will have to do that thing I did to Aaron on the next one?” She said and he looked at her, could she get any cuter?

“I am not sure baby; would you be ok with that?” He said.

“Well, I can’t think of much more to do other than that, so I want to be ready.” She said and Brad immediately thought of many other things that they could do. He had to shake his head to clear it enough to talk.

“Ok, but you don’t have to do that. What you did today was really hot.” He said.

“I know, did you like watching that man do that?” She said.

“Oh, very much so, you were so good, it was very exciting.” He said.

“Are you the same as when you watch Katie and I on the lounge?” She said.

“If you mean as excited, yes.” He said.

“Do you want me to do what Katie does for you when you get excited?” she said and he lost his breath for a second.

“Baby, you do not have to do that.” He said.

“I know, but I do need to practice. Would it be ok?” she said.

“Um, yes, if you are ok with it.” He said and realized that over his long sexual life this situation had never happened, and he would never have even dreamed of it as he watched a cute little 14-yr-old kneel down and unzip his pants.

He felt her little fingers grab his cock as it popped out, hard as steel after watching her performance with Tom. She rubbed him gently with both hands and she looked up at him. He saw her little hand move seconds before she reached in and wrapped it around his balls. Oh fuck, she was trained well. She was still smiling at him when he felt her lips on the head of his cock. She kissed it and then slipped her tongue around it. She slid him into her mouth and her tongue was rolling around his cock as she held it in her mouth. He looked back down and could not believe how hot of a scene that was and then she looked up at him with his cock in her mouth and he lost it.

Madison felt him throb like Aaron did and she got ready. She felt the first blast hit her tongue and she held on. The second one almost filled her mouth and the third one made it overflow. Some of his stuff leaked out around her lips and she slid off of him. She swallowed what was in her mouth and felt it slide down her throat. She felt some on her chin as she kissed his cock and sat back on her feet.

Brad tucked himself back in his pants and looked down and saw a young girl with cum on her chin smiling at him after she just gave him a wonderful blowjob. She was incredible and he could only wonder what she would be like after a few more “Katie” lessons. He grabbed a Kleenex off his desk and wiped her chin. He picked her up and hugged her.

“That was incredible, thank you, you are amazing.” Brad said in her ear.

“Thanks, can we go home now? I am hungry.” She whispered and he laughed.

He put her down, stood up and picked up the signed contract and they walked out of the office. He dropped it on Alex’s desk, and she smiled. She saw Madison’s shirt untucked and her imagination went wild. God, that was hot, she wondered if she would ever get to taste this wonderful creature. She was amazed at how she brought grown men to their knees, making them sign multi-year contracts and she was driving Aaron insane. She was quite the girl.

“Alex, good night, I will see you tomorrow.” Brad said and walked towards the elevator, holding Madison’s hand.

“Good night, Alex.” Madison said, turning as she walked with him.

“Good night, Madison, see you later.” Alex said and hoped to God that would turn out to be true.

Brad Thompson drove home and tried not to crash into anything. He had just witnessed a miraculous event as he watched Madison orgasm in Tom’s hands and then suck him off like a master. He looked over and she still looked like an innocent young girl, but he was starting to think she was a succubus or some other sort of mystical creature. She turned and smiled and all he could see was that cute face with his cock in her mouth.

“Mr. Thompson, do we have a meeting tomorrow?” Madison asked.

“No honey, no meeting tomorrow. I figured you would want to get ready for your daddy to come home.” He said.

“Yeah, yes, I would be too excited to concentrate, school with be tough enough.” She said and looked out the window.

They rode in silence the rest of the way home. She got out of the car and ran to the house. He walked in and she was hugging Katie, who looked to be recently reading the paper on the couch. Madison was basically on top of her, he could see those beautiful pink panties under her short skirt as she laid on top of Katie. He would never get tired of looking at that.

“Sweetheart, how was your day?” Katie said to the lump of young girl on top of her.

“It was good, practice was really hard, coach is now officially insane. We got a big contract signed so that was good too.” Madison said as she raised her head and looked at Katie.

“That is good, what do you want to do tonight? This will be your last night here.” Katie said and tried not to sound sad.

“Can we just hang out by the pool again, I like that. I can always eat more pizza or anything else you want.” Madison said.

“You and your pizza, whatever you want baby girl, it is your night.” Katie said and rubbed her head.

“Cool, I am going to go and get my suit, meet you outside?” Madison said.

“Ok, I will meet you outside.” Katie said, laughing.

Madison jumped off of Katie and ran up the stairs. Katie looked up at Brad and he sat down.

“Ok, what did she have to do to sign Simpson?” She said with a concerned look on her face.

“Oh God, I am going to see that in my dreams. First of all, shirt unbuttoned, bra undone, skirt in place but panties around her left ankle. You have the picture?” Brad said and leaned back.

“Yeah, go on.” Katie said, still concerned.

“He had one hand in her shirt and the other between her legs. She had her hands on his shoulders and he made her cum like a truck. Her body just shook as she came. It was fucking unbelievable.” Brad said.

“Is that all?” Katie said.

“With him, yes, he could not sign fast enough after that.” Brad said.

“What do you mean, with him?” Katie said and she saw Brad lean forward and put his head in his hands.

“What did she do Brad?” Katie said.

“She asked me if it was alright if she gave me a blowjob. Well, you know she says it in her own way to make is sound simple and innocent which I still cannot understand how she does it.” Brad said.

“So how was it?” Katie said.

“So, you just assume I let her?” Brad said and Katie looked at him with her eyebrows raised.

“Really?” she said.

“Ok, it was amazing, she is so good at just making everything so fucking good.” He said.

“Did you make a mess?” Katie said.

“No, she is getting better at that.” He said.

“Great, yes, Henry, we took care of your daughter while you were gone, we taught her how to give a mean blowjob.” Katie said and Brad groaned.

“God, that sounds horrible, are we horrible?” He said and leaned back.

“That is up for debate; did she seem at all uncomfortable or unwilling?” Katie said.

“No, she asked my permission to do it. Fuck!” He said.

They were both distracted by a yellow flash as Madison ran down the stairs and jumped back on Katie. Brad heard Katie grunt as the girl landed on her.

“So, why are you still here?” Madison said.

“Ok, someone needs to put on their patience pants, can I talk to my husband for a minute, your highness?” Katie said and slapped Madison on the butt.

“Ok, I guess so. What are we talking about?” Madison said and Katie looked at Brad.

“Your meeting with Mr. Simpson.” Katie said and Brad leaned back again.

“Yeah, that went well. He was nice.” Madison said.

“What did he do to you?” Katie said and Madison looked up at her, her face suddenly sad.

“I’m sorry, did I do something wrong?” Madison said and Katie grabbed her cheeks.

“No, no, no, you did not do anything wrong. You are wonderful and we love you. I am just worried that you are doing things because you think you have to.” Katie said.

“Oh, I don’t think so. I didn’t really do anything. I just did not stop him, it felt good. Like with you guys, I don’t stop you because it feels so good, and it always looks like you are happy. He looked very happy today.” Madison said and Katie shook her head.

“You are something else. Are you sure you are not an alien from Mars or something?” Katie said.

“Mbok, juts he dowk.” Madison said and they all laughed, Katie hugging her.

“Seriously, you will tell me the minute you feel uncomfortable with anything?” Katie said.

“Yes, Mom.” Madison said and laid her head on Katie’s chest. Brad saw the tears start moving down Katie’s cheeks.

Brad changed into his suit and walked out to the pool, carrying two beers. The girls were splashing and laughing in the pool. He sat down and opened his beer. They were wrestling and then he saw Katie throw Madison in the air, lots of dark hair flying around and then a big splash. He heard a squeal right before she hit the water. Even her squeals were cute. He thought of how she had become such a big part of their household. He sure didn’t expect this.

Aaron walked into the backyard and put the pizza and wings on the table. He had never brought so much pizza to this house before this week, and he was going to actually miss it. He heard the splashing and laughing, and he smiled. He also had never heard as much splashing and laughing as he had this past week, and he was gonna really miss that. He heard a squeal and turned to see a dripping young girl running towards him. Two really wet arms wrapped around his waist and he felt her wet body against his.

“Aaron, thank you so much for bringing the pizza. I am so hungry.” Madison said and sat on the chair, water dripping off every part of her body.

“You are like a bottomless pit; how do you have room for all that food in that little body?” Aaron said, handing her a piece on a paper plate.

“Daddy says the same thing, I am a growing girl and I think I need the food to get through coach’s crazy practices.” She said, the last half said behind a piece of pizza in her mouth.

“Madison, you are going to choke if you keep talking and chewing at the same time.” Katie said and Madison smiled at her.

They pounded two entire pizzas and all of the wings. Madison felt like her belly was going to explode, she leaned back and rubbed her hand over it.

“You have a food baby.” Katie said and laughed. Brad and Aaron both held their breath as they both saw the image of Madison pregnant at the same time.

“I need to lie down and digest.” Madison said and got up and walked to her lounge.

Aaron and Brad watched her little ass wrapped in yellow until she sat down. Katie was shaking her head.

“You guys are horrible.” Katie said.

“Us, spoken from the one that has been between her legs more than either of us.” Brad said and Katie looked down.

“I guess we are all horrible, then.” Katie said.

“She seems really upset about it.” Aaron said and they all looked at her with her eyes closed and a smile on her face.

“Yeah, admit to me that you don’t want to just go over there and kiss her right now.” Brad said to Katie.

Katie looked over and had to agree, she so wanted to just kiss her all over. She took a deep breath.

“What are we gonna do?” Katie said.

“We are going to continue to answer her questions truthfully and make sure she is not doing anything for the wrong reasons.” Brad said and they all took a deep breath.

Madison looked over at her three people. They were all looking at her and she smiled at them. They were so cute just sitting there. She thought about all the things she had done this week and she felt a shiver run through her young body. She had never even thought about some of the things but they all felt so good she thought she would want to keep doing them but what would happen when daddy got back, and she wasn’t staying here?

Katie got up and walked over to Madison and sat down beside her on the lounge. She ran her hand over her forehead and pushed some hair off her cute face.

“It was so nice having you here this week, I am really gonna miss you.” Katie said, rubbing her cheek.

“I am still gonna be able to see you, right?” Madison said.

“Yes maam, you are welcome over here any time you want, and I expect at least one sleepover a month.” Katie said.

“I can do that.” Madison said and Katie smiled.

“Is there anything else you want to do on your last night?” Katie asked.

“Well, can we kiss some more, I like kissing you.” Madison said and Katie felt her heart shiver.

“I can do that.” Katie said and leaned over and kissed the girl softly.

Madison felt Katie’s lips touch hers and it felt so nice. She opened her mouth and let Katie’s tongue slip in. Her own tongue reached out and wrestled with Katie’s. She wrapped her arm around Katie’s waist and felt the soft skin. She ran her hand over her back as she kissed her. She was really going to miss this.

Katie felt the girl put her hand on her back. The touch of her small hand was electric. Katie put her hand on the girl’s cheek as she continued to kiss her. She could kiss this girl all night, her lips were so soft, and her little tongue was warm and wonderful. She pulled back and looked at Madison.

“Thank you, that was nice.” Madison said and Katie marveled at how she thanked her for something she enjoyed so much.

“No baby, thank you.” Katie said.

“Katie, can you kiss me all over like the dressing room?” Madison said softly.

Katie just about jumped out of her skin. She took a deep breath, leaned over and kissed Madison’s neck. She heard the girl moan, put her head back, and close her eyes. Katie kissed down her neck to her chest. She untied her top and looked at the two pretty breasts. She sucked on a nipple and Madison moaned. She ran her hands over her breasts and her stomach. Madison’s eyes were closed and her arms over her head as Katie kissed down her young body.

Aaron saw Katie pull off the yellow top and those two boobs were out again. He loved looking at them, they were perfect on her body. He watched Katie kiss down her body and then he saw the yellow bottoms fly out and land on the ground. Katie’s head was now between the girl’s legs again. He would never get tired of watching this. Her young body was sprawled out on the lounge, her legs wide open with Katie between them. She was holding Katie’s head as she worked on her.

Madison loved kissing Katie, but she loved when Katie kissed her even more, especially when it was between her legs. Katie’s tongue was magic in her mouth, but it was even better between her legs. She felt her lick gently and she gasped. God, that felt so good. She put her hands on Katie’s head and closed her eyes. She felt the electricity start to flow through her.

Katie knew she was close; she felt the firm body tense and start to shiver. She found the little clit and licked it gently. The young girl squeezed her head and whimpered. She sucked on the sensitive clit and let her tongue flash over it as she held it between her lips. She felt Madison start to shiver more and then she bit her clit gently. She held on as the young girl exploded on the lounge. She grabbed her thighs and continued to lick the wonderful pussy. She still tasted like candy.

Katie pulled away as Madison started to come down from her orgasm. She loved the way she looked; she remembered the first time this happened in the dressing room at the mall. She was breathing deep; her hair was pasted to her forehead and her chest was slightly red. She was beautiful, Katie ran her hands over her thighs, then her stomach, and her breasts. She felt her shake slightly as she squeezed her breast.

“Thank you.” Katie heard a soft voice.

“Anytime, sweetheart.” Katie said and Madison smiled.

Brad hit the button to stop the recording. He looked at Aaron and he could tell his friend felt a lot like him. His cock was about to explode. He put his phone on the table.

“Want another beer?” Brad said and stood.

“Yes, please.” Aaron said and Brad laughed.

Katie was sitting next to Madison on the lounge, rubbing her soft cheek.

“Katie, what does it feel like to have it inside you?” Madison said and Katie’s mouth opened in shock.

“Honey, what do you mean?” Katie said.

“I saw you and Mr. Thompson a couple of times and he had his cock inside you. It looked like you were really happy. What does that feel like?” Madison asked.

“Oh baby, I am so sorry, we shouldn’t have let you see that.” Katie said.

“It’s ok, it was an accident. One time I woke up to go to the bathroom and your door was open just a bit. The other time I came out here and you were doing it on a chair, and then the table. You looked really happy. Does it feel good?” She said and Katie scrambled her brains for a good response.

“Honey, it does feel good, really good. However, you want your first time to be special. You should wait for a special boy and a special time. You will have your whole life to enjoy it, please don’t be in a hurry to start.” Katie said and looked at Madison’s face.

“I think I understand, the first time will be something I remember for the rest of my life and it should be very special.” She said.

“Yes, that is a great way to say it.” Katie said.

“What about all the other things we did, those first times should be special too. They are to me. I will always remember the dressing room.” Madison said.

“Yes, you are right again. I will always remember that as well.” Katie said and kissed her soft lips.

“I love it when you kiss me, don’t ever stop doing that.” Madison said.

“Don’t you worry about that.” Katie said and laid her head on the young girl’s chest.

“I am pretty tired; I think I may need to go to sleep early tonight so I can be ready for daddy to come home.” Madison said, running her hand through Katie’s hair.

“That sounds like a good plan. I will walk you up.” Katie said and sat up.

“I have to say goodnight to the guys first.” Madison said.

“They will enjoy it if you say good night like that.” Katie said and Madison realized she was naked again. It felt really strange to not notice now when she was sitting in the back yard with no clothes.

“Yeah, they will like that.” She said and sat up, her boobs bouncing.

Aaron watched the young girl walk over naked as the day she was born. He loved that body, those perky boobs and that wonderful little pussy. Her legs just capped off the perfection. She walked up to him and jumped in his lap, putting her arms around his neck.

“I am going to bed; I am tired, and I want to be rested for tomorrow.” She said and felt something big and hard under her as she sat on Aaron’s lap.

“That sounds like a good plan, your daddy is coming in on the late flight tomorrow night, you don’t want to sleep through that.” Aaron said, his hand resting on her firm hip.

Madison climbed off and looked at Aaron’s lap. She looked up at him and he had a strange expression on his face. He shrugged. She reached down and ran her fingers over the large lump in his pants. She heard him take a deep breath.

“I guess I have a few minutes and you did say I could practice anytime I wanted.” She said and continued to run her hand over his lump.

“Oh, dear God.” Aaron said as she started to loosen his pants.

Katie and Brad put their hands over their mouths to keep from laughing as they watched Aaron struggle. She took Aaron’s hand and stood him up and then ripped his pants down to his ankles, his black cock springing free. She knelt down and took it in her small hands. They heard Aaron take another deep breath.

Madison loved the feel of his cock. That word sounded strange in her head. She had never used it before this week but now it seemed the perfect word to describe this thing in her hands. It was so hard and firm, it felt like it wasn’t real. She loved the veins in the shaft, they were big, and her fingers felt them as she moved her hands up and down. She moved her left hand down and grabbed his balls. Katie said they really liked this and so far, she was right in everything she said. Katie seemed to know a lot about boys and cocks.

Aaron looked down at the young naked girl with her little hands wrapped around his cock. He tried to memorize this, but he was pretty sure Brad had his phone out again. This view from this angle was special though and then she looked up at him and it got even better. She put her lips on his head and never stopped looking at him. He saw her little tongue slip out and lick around the head of his cock. God Damn, how is she so good at this already?

Katie watched Madison and was amazed that she was so natural in doing everything that would drive guys insane. Her tongue was licking all over the head of Aaron’s cock. Poor thing would not last long this time again. She was never able to get him or Brad to cum that quickly, but she was not a cute little 14-yr-old either. The rules were different for her. She saw that little tongue now moving down the shaft. She had never done this before; did she tell her about this?

Madison ran her tongue down his shaft, kissing and licking him as she moved down. She remembered seeing Katie do this to Mr. Thompson and he seemed to like it. She looked up and Aaron seemed to like it as well. She slid her mouth down to the bottom and then ran it over his balls. The skin felt different, but it tasted the same. She liked the way Aaron tasted. She heard a sound from above and felt his large hand on the back of her head. Yep, he liked this.

Aaron fought to not blast his load on her head as she licked his balls. Fuck, this felt good, this blowjob was quickly moving into the top 10 of his life and Katie was all over the top 10. This little girl was blowing him away, pardon the pun. He held her head as she licked and sucked his balls. Hold on, he tried to think of baseball and car racing.

Madison moved back up to his cock and slid her tongue back up to the head. She felt him struggling so she figured he was close. She licked the head and then slid it into her mouth. It went in barely and then she felt the spurt blast over her tongue. She held him in her mouth and then he unloaded again. She tried to swallow but it wouldn’t work with the cock filling her mouth. She felt another load and then her mouth overflowed. It was flowing down her chin again and she pulled off. He blasted another small load on her nose. She swallowed what she had in her mouth and then took him back in. He was getting soft, so it felt very different. She sucked on it like a lollipop, and he groaned.

Aaron pulled her head off of him, his soft cock slipping out of her mouth. He sat down and looked at her. There was cum on her cute nose, and it was running down her chin. God, she was pretty even with his stuff all over her face. He picked up a napkin from the table and wiped his juice off her face.

“Was that better?” She said, still holding his soft cock.

“Oh baby, you are amazing. That was really good.” Aaron said.

“Thanks, I still can’t keep it all in my mouth, there is so much.” She said.

“That is perfectly ok.” He said.

Madison looked over at Katie and Mr. Thompson. Katie was just staring at her and he was leaning back in his chair. She saw the huge lump in his pants and looked at Katie. Katie shrugged and Madison kissed Aaron’s cock and slid over to Mr. Thompson. She saw the surprise in his face as she opened his pants and pulled out his cock.

Brad almost fainted when the little temptress kissed the black cock and then slid over and pulled his cock out of his pants. She was moving her hands up and down and already kissing the sensitive head. He was amazed at her enthusiasm; she had sucked him already once today and now she was all over him again. She was serious about her practice. He took a deep breath as she slid his cock into her young mouth.

Madison wanted to try something different, she took the cock in her mouth and tried to see how much of it she could take. She got up on her knees and tried to get more of it in. She felt it hit the back of her throat and saw there was still about half of it left. She pulled back and then sucked on the head. She looked at Katie.

“It’s too big.” Madison said and Katie knelt down.

“Relax and swallow when you feel it back there.” Katie whispered in her ear.

Madison sucked him back in and slid her mouth down over the shaft. She felt it touch the back of her throat and she tried to relax. She pushed a little harder and swallowed. She felt it slide into her throat and it felt really strange. She pulled back and took a deep breath. She looked up at Brad and his eyes were closed and he looked to be struggling.

“Am I doing it right?” She whispered to Katie.

“Yes, baby, you are doing great. He is enjoying it, don’t worry.” Katie whispered in her ear.

Madison tried again and this time she felt it slip into her throat and she pushed. The cock moved deep into her throat and then she felt her face against his body. She had done it. It felt strange but she felt a little pride that she could do it so easily. She started to pull back slowly, and she felt a load blast into her throat. She pulled back more and the next one hit the back of her throat. She took the third one on her tongue and was able to keep it all in her mouth. She pulled off and swallowed and then took him back in her mouth.

Aaron was in shock, this little 14-yr-old just deepthroated Brad, holy fuck! Who was this girl? He watched his friend fire a load down her throat and then she took the rest in stride. There was no overflow this time and she sucked him clean and leaned back. They had created a monster.

“Was that better?” She said to Mr. Thompson and he grunted.

Katie laughed and picked her up to her feet.

“You need to give him a minute.” Katie said and Madison laughed.

Madison hugged Aaron again and then kissed Mr. Thompson on his forehead. She took Katie’s hand and they started to walk to the house.

“I will be right back.” Katie said and they continued to walk.

Aaron watched the perfect little ass walk away and just shook his head. Brad was still trying to recover.

“Katie, was that ok?” Madison said as they entered the house.

“Baby, that was amazing, you almost broke them.” Katie said and Madison giggled.

“They did look very happy.” She said as they walked into her bedroom.

She pulled out a pair of pajamas and slipped on the shorts and top. She jumped on the bed and crawled under the covers. She looked up at Katie and smiled. Katie leaned over to kiss her, and Madison felt her soft tongue wrap around hers as they kissed. Katie pulled back after a while.

“Lay with me for a few minutes?” Madison asked.

Katie crawled into the bed and Madison snuggled up against her. She put her arms around the girl and held her until her breathing was steady and slow. She held her for a while after that and tried to burn this feeling into her brain.

Aaron was finishing another beer and Brad was sitting with his head in his hands.

“Did you see that?” Brad said.

“Oh yes, I certainly did. She swallowed your junk like it was nothing. It was impressive.” Aaron said.

“How could she do that? It took Katie a month to be able to do that and she practiced a lot.” Brad said.

“I have no idea my friend. I am still trying to last longer than a minute after she wraps those little hands around me.” Aaron said.

They both looked up to see Katie walking back. She sat in the chair and looked at them.

“You two do know you are both going to fuck me before you leave here.” She said.

“Yeah, I figured.” Aaron said.

“Well, take your time, let me know when you are ready, my pussy is like a lake after watching that.” She said.

“Tell me about it.” Aaron said and Brad slid his phone over.

Aaron looked down and saw his cock in Madison’s mouth and his cum running off her nose. He groaned as his cock hardened again. Katie stood up, ripped off her bikini bottoms and leaned over the table. Aaron stood up and buried his cock into her soaking pussy and thought about that cute face.


