Murder Isle

by Mack the Knife

Siska had been a slave her entire short life.

She did not so much mind being a slave, as she was reasonably well-treated by her mistress, a woman of great age and substantial power in Tressen. However, as in all good things, that came to an end. Tomana, the matron who had owned her, had died. The inheritor of her properties was a son of Tomanas brother, and a Ghantian merchant who had little interest in owning a small estate in Tressen. He simply wished to liquidate the properties she held and add the resulting windfall to his already impressive assets. Ghantian law did not allow slavery, per se, and it never occurred to the man, whose name was Rendalo, that such human goods might be part of the estate, and he allowed a local agent to conduct the liquidation for a small commission.

Siska was such an asset.

It was only a few weeks after her eighteenth birthday when she was dragged before the mob at the corner market. She was standing high on a wooden scaffold, and wearing only her gray tunic and cloth shoes covering her feet. This was the normal uniform of slaves, though Tomana had allowed her slaves to dress as they liked.

Tears rolled down her cheeks as she realized that her days of relative happiness were over.

Jeers rolled up from the crowd and comments made that she truly did not understand. Her blank expression to the taunts caused the men in the crowd to suddenly become more excited than before. Siska was not clueless about men and women, there had been both male and female servants in Tomanas home. But she had not been owned by a man, and none of the boys in the estate were near her age.

Her face flushed with more tears as she realized that most of what the men were screaming about was sexual in nature, and her buyer would likely use her harshly for their pleasure. Another slave, a fairly recent acquisition by the household, from outside, leaned toward her and whispered into her ear.

Pray to the One that one of the brothel madams does not buy you.

She looked around. Which are they? she asked.

The man said, The ones with the red hats. He jerked his chin toward a small knot of middle-aged women in overly-ornate finery with large red hats with red feathers in them. Unlike the men, those women were regarding her with cold, calculating eyes.

Suddenly, she wished to be bought by a man.

The crowd worked itself into a frenzy as slaves did not come up for auction often, and for over a dozen to be brought up at one time was almost unheard of these days. This brought out all sorts of people, from peasants just to watch the show, to the wealthiest men and women on the island to see if they wished to add to their own stable. Siska was near the rear end of the line, along with two other young women, one older by a year, one younger by two. They were followed by what the slave auctioneer called dregs. Old men and women, and very young children who were not yet fit for much work.

She watched in horror as people she had known her entire life were sold off to strangers and led off the platform. Her mother, and her brother, Bartal. The kindly man who ran the stables of Tomanas household, Pacher, and all the young men, in their twenties, who had been her mentors in worldly things. Apparently, they had not taught her some of the things she would soon need to know, however.

The other two girls were before her, and she silently cried as the older one, named Renna, and the younger, Pamela, were bought by the brothels. It was her turn.

She stood to the fore, at the goading of the handlers. Siska was tall and slim, with a very nice figure, though perhaps skinny by some mens tastes. The men in the crowd suddenly started screaming with renewed vigor. Siska had never thought much about her appearance. The reaction of the men led her to think she must be somewhat attractive, else their excitement was not to be understood. Comments from the front row about her long golden hair, and her fair, smooth skin seemed to generate titters among the less bawdy of the auction attendees. She even heard comments regarding her startling violet eyes.

As she stood, the bidding began the Brothels quickly outbid all other contestants for her ownership, and then they began to bid among each other. She was rather startled, after hearing the prices that others had fetched. Her brother, for example, had brought only two-hundred marks of silver, and her mother only one hundred.

As one, particularly fat, mistress screeched out seven hundred and fifty, Siska realized she was doomed from this day forth, to be a whore. Then, somewhere in the back of the crowd she heard a voice, a male voice, shout, One thousand.

The crowd gave a collective gasp and all eyes turned to face the source, including Siskas own. It was a man in blue robes, wearing a green sash. The fat mistress screeched out fifteen hundred, her voice shrill, like a harpys wail. Siskas heart, already low, sank further.

The man stepped forward and the crowd parted before him like he was the prow on a ship. He eyed the fat mistress, then looked up at Siska. Three thousands, he said in a quiet voice.

The crowd gasped again and looked toward the mistresses in their little knot. The fat one threw up her hands in frustration and stormed out of the crowd, leaving a wake of jostled people behind her. The auctioneer chuckled in Siskas ear. You just made my year, girl, he said, and pressed two silver coins into her palm. I always reward the high earners, it brings me luck. She cupped her hand around the coins and looked at them briefly, they were full mark coins, she closed her fingers over them and kept them closed.

The man walked behind the scaffold and papers were signed and a large sack of money changed hands, with many handshakes and nods among the men back there. A large seal was pressed onto a document and it was handed to the man in the robes. She went to him and stood behind him quietly, as she had been instructed to do by the handlers. She wore no manacles, nor hobbles, slaves on Murder Isle had no where to run, except into the slums, which were more dangerous than any owners home.

The man looked at her, up close now. He was not as old as she had supposed, only perhaps thirty-five. But his face was careworn and he had deep knowledge behind those eyes. She realized she was regarding a wizard, he seemed to glow faintly.

He looked at her carefully. Come, he said, and did not look back toward her as he walked through the milling crowd. The filthy streets soiled her cloth shoes instantly as he led her down several roads, and around a few large warehouses. They were leaving the heart of the city, and the buildings were becoming more spread out, with actual yards about them. Finally, he turned onto a small lot where a well-built but small home was sitting among a few large, gnarled trees. The night was descending fast, and the auroras of the dark sky were beginning their dance among the stars. She stopped and regarded the nightly show, which still amazed her every time she saw it.

The man stopped as well, and watched her, then followed her gaze. You see the colors dont you? he asked.

She blinked and turned to face him. Yes, master, of course I do, she replied, smiling.

He nodded. You know most people only see white, dont you?

I know no one else seemed as interested in them as I, master, she said, turning her eyes up to the coruscating curtain of light. Only my mother said anything about the colors.

A tiny smile broke the mans stoic expression. I may yet buy your mother, though she is too old to begin now.

Siska looked at him. Begin, master? she asked.

He nodded. I bought you for a reason, Siska, he said. And not the reason you believe now. She felt his eyes roam over her form in the skimpy slaves slip. Though that reason would have been well worth my money.

Blushing deeply, she tried to not smile at his forwardness. Master, I need not compliments, as I am yours to do with what you wish.

Believe me, that thought is ever present in my mind, he murmured. But, I would be remiss in my duties to my profession if I were to relegate you to such a fate. He touched a pendant on a chain about his neck. It was a small dragon, with tiny diamonds winking from its eyes. It appeared to be in flight, with a loop of the tail serving as a place for the chain to hold it.

Siska then looked up into his brown eyes. I assumed you were a wizard, master, she said. You glow like one.

With a resonant chuckle, he opened the door to the little house. I surely am that, he said. As are you, beautiful Siska.

She stared after him as he walked into the darkened house. Come in, please, he said, though it sounded more like an invitation than a command. Following him in, she noted that he was uncovering a light-stone. The mistress had many of them in her home, even the slaves each had their own for navigating the manor at night. They had been taken from them, however and sold off with the other assets.

She looked about the cluttered room. It was a common room, and nicely appointed. However, it was in a state of major disarray. Books were piled on nearly every horizontal surface, floors, tables, and even in some of the chairs. Loose papers also intermingled with these books, and large piles of them were scattered about the room.

Unable to resist, she said, It seems you need me more than you think, master.

He smiled broadly, watching her look around the overfilled room. Indeed, he said, his face quite serious. That will be your first task as my apprentice, to put my notes and books in order.

She froze solid for a moment. A ... Apprentice? she gasped, the word coming out almost like a sneeze. You bought me to become your apprentice? she finally added, her voice quavering with excitement and not a little fear.

Of course, he said. You did not think me so lonely that I would pay three thousand marks for a girl, no matter her beauty, simply to be able to bed her, did you?

She blushed again, this time not for the compliment, but for her feeling of foolishness.

He saw her chagrined look and said, I would have paid much just for your touch. But for your mind, I would have paid thrice the price I did.

Master, how can I be so valuable. I am just a girl of sixteen and not even lettered, she said. Surely you could easily get a slave-scribe for much less.

He sat in one of the chairs that was not being used to store books and papers. A scribe, yes, he answered. But a person with the potential to become a powerful wizard, no. Believe me, Siska, you have that potential. You could become greater than I, and I am powerful. He twitched two fingers toward her and she felt herself lifted from the floor by unseen hands, her feet dangled in the air over the carpeted floor. She floated toward him slowly, bobbing slightly as he regarded her.

Master, please stop, youre scaring me, she said, her voice full of panic.

He grinned maliciously. Make me, he said. Use you mind to stop me.

She looked at him curiously for a moment, then closed her terrified eyes. Her brow furrowed in concentration. Then she opened them. I cannot, master, she said.

One of her cloth shoes was ripped apart off her foot, falling to the floor in burlap tatters, she watched as the other was destroyed in the same way. She gasped when the cloth covering her slender body began to rip asunder beginning at the v of her neck. He was stripping her with magic, rending her clothes asunder. She closed her eyes again and this time she felt it, she opened them and saw it, a shimmering white line, extending from his fingertips to her, and surrounding her, growing denser at the front of her dress. The tear progressed, almost down to her stomach, and her well-shaped breasts were exposed nearly to their nipples. She reached down with her hands and grabbed the denser shimmering stuff and pulled. It resisted her arms, and she grunted as she tried again, straining with both body and mind to get the glowing material away from her dress, which was now ripped wide open down to her navel and her breasts were fully exposed.

With that second pull, the stuff came loose, disintegrating as it left her, and the rest followed, shredding and turning into wisp-like vapor then diminishing into nothingness, like smoke. She fell to the floor, nearly collapsing, but managing to get her balance. She looked at him with wide, angry eyes. You did not have to destroy what clothing I still have, master, she said, her voice accusing and full of venom. I will remove them at your command. She paused a long moment. Or is that what you wish? For me to be naked before you at all times?

He blinked at the vitriol that she was exuding toward him. A smile crossed his features again. Good. Get angry, Siska, he said. But, before you hate me, think on what you just did.

She stopped her tirade a moment and looked down at her hands, still trembling from her anger and the test of strength she had just given them. I stripped your spell from me before it could strip my clothes, she said, still looking angry, but with a hint of confusion.

Indeed you did, he said. And how many people could have done that, do you think?

She swallowed hard. Few? she ventured, though it was more a question itself than an answer. She pulled her tunic closed over her exposed breasts and tried to prevent the tears that were welling in her violet eyes, but they rolled down her cheeks.

Again, the wizard nodded. Few. Yes, he said. Very few. Perhaps one in a thousand could have tried. One in a million could have done it. Most would not have even seen the filaments of mana that connected us. He paused a moment. As far as your tattered garments, I would not concern myself with them, apprentice. You will be receiving more appropriate attire come the morning.

The chair squeaked slightly as he pushed up off of it. For now, however, you will provide me a service I have not had in months from a woman.

Her eyes instantly dropped, and her face flushed again. Of course, master. She said, her voice had a tinge of deadness to it, like she was sending her mind elsewhere for this odious task that was going to be pressed to her. She shrugged, and the tunic slipped from her shoulders, exposing her slim figure fully to him.

His eyes went wide at her nude form, and he looked openly at the curve of her hips, and the small, dark patch between her legs, then tracked up over the flat stomach and the gentle swells of her breasts.

I am ready, master, she said, locking his eyes with her violet gaze. I only beg that you proceed gently, for I am a maiden.

His eyes widened. By the One, he whispered. Not that I can see how you managed that feat with a fine body such as you have.

She actually smiled at that compliment. I am grateful for your kind words, master, she said. But, as I said, they are unnecessary.

With a slow nod, he pointed toward a door to a room behind the common room, not up the upward stairs that lay on the left wall. But, I was going to have you make me dinner, he said, with an almost pitiable look on his stunned face. I would have a freely given meal over forced love-play.

She stared at him blankly for a moment, then broke into laughter. You wish me to cook? she said, and laughed again. That is all? Her giggles filled the room as she knelt and picked up her fallen garment. I beg forgiveness, master, for assuming your desires.

He nodded. You are more than forgiven, sweet Siska, he said. For part of me certainly desires what you just offered.

Her eyes flickered over his lower half, and his robes did seem to hang oddly just under his belt. She bit her cheek to stop herself smiling, and had to force herself not to widen her eyes. Though far from being an expert on such matters, if the distance his robes were protruding from his body was any indicator, then he was endowed very well. A thought that both thrilled and frightened her.

She hitched the tunic over her shoulders, and watched in amaze as he walked to her, and touched the edge of the torn cloth and pulled his finger up the rent. Behind this digit, the cloth formed itself whole again. His finger pulled back, and her tunic was mended completely.

Now, my dinner. He said, trying, with limited success, to sound like he was demanding it, though she felt he was still asking.

Proceeding him into the kitchen, she found it well stocked, if somewhat in need of tidying up. Half an hour later, she was cooking and found herself whistling as she prepared a stew. The wizard had left the kitchen in her capable hands and had wandered back into the common room. His spice rack daunted her, and she only recognized perhaps a quarter of the various spices within their little glass vials. She used them sparingly, recalling the admonition of her mother about wizards: Wizards are odd birds. Be careful around them. They like to keep dangerous stuff about. At the time, a wizard was calling on their mistress, and Siska had been eleven. The man had been reasonably kind to her, but her mother was frightened every time Siska had to clean his chambers. While she was alone in the Kitchen, she took the two coins from her dress hem, which she had secreted them into. Now she hid them among the spice jars, behind two of the little vials.

Soon after the stew was boiling, the wizard returned, carrying a pale blue bundle of cloth. Siska watched him approach with an air of curiosity in her expression.

Here, Siska, he said. You are a slave no longer. He held out the bundle and took hold of it at two points, letting the rest fall from his fingers. It was a long robe, made of what looked to be silk, like his own. I will register your freedom on the morrow with the city.

Her eyes were huge and stunned-looking. Master? she asked. Please, do not jest in this matter.

He grinned widely. I do not, he said. Get those slaves garments gone and don this.

With what seemed to be supernatural speed, she had shed the burlap slaves tunic and was slipping the silken robes over her body. He was amazed at how casually she unclad herself before him, but realized that slaves probably lost their sense of humility early in their lives.

When her head poked out of the neck of the robe, she was beaming. This made her already pretty face almost unbearably beautiful. Thank you . . . master? she said.

The wizard chuckled. Phillip, he said. Phillip Namen.

She blinked a few times. Thank you, Phillip? she said. Not sure even that was correct.

He grinned wider and kept chuckling. The proper form of address to a teacher for an apprentice such as yourself is mentor, he said. But I think you have had enough of such mandatory titles thrust upon you, and it is not far from master to mentor. You will call me Phillip, or, if you wish, Namen. I answer to both. He thought a moment. However, in company, unless I tell you otherwise, please use mentor.

She smiled brightly. Of course, Phillip, said Siska. She was ladling out the stew, and the wizards stomach reported loudly at the smell of it. Are you ready to eat?

He grinned and patted his belly. More than, he said, taking his bowl from her. Im famished, and that smells wonderful.

She served herself a bowl and followed him to the little table in the corner, which she had to clear to make room for them to eat. They sat and began eating the stew, which was indeed very good.

You really intend to free me? she said. After paying such a huge price for me?

He nodded and said, Yes. Then he looked up at her. But there is a caveat. He held up a single finger. If you dont remain my apprentice, you will revert to being a slave. Once your apprenticeship is over, and you are accepted by the Brotherhood, you are free of even that limitation. Believe me, this once, if no other time, it is for your own good that you complete your apprenticeship.

I think I understand, she said. It will be hard?

Very, he replied between slurps of the hearty stew. You will think me a cruel bastard for some of what I will put you through in the next few years.

Her eyes grew dark, almost turning black from their normal violet. I was nearly bought by a whorehouse, she murmured. My two girlfriends were. Believe me, nothing you do to me will compare to the hell they are going through right now.

You think that now, He said with a nod. We will see, though I daresay that you will not find your life so bad when you are done. Magic is a subtle and powerful thing, and it will have its fee of you. He looked down at her neck, so slender and long. It will mark your body and mind before you are done.

A cold chill wormed its way down her spine as he spoke those words. Phillip, what has it done to you? she asked. Her voice was full of concern and a tiny portion of pity, from what he heard.

You wish to see? he asked, chuckling. Are you sure of that?

She nodded slowly. I would know what is in store for me, she said, her eyes wide.

He took another bite of the stew and stood up, his chair squeaking on the stones of the floor. Very well, but remember, you asked, he said.

He started to lift his robe from himself. She watched as his legs came into view, long, slender things, almost like a womans legs, but with more muscle than most females sported. As it slipped over his hips her eyes were automatically drawn to his hanging manhood. She had seen a few others, from time to time, but his was, well, different.

It was larger, as she had suspected, and hung downward in a gentle arc from his pelvis, like he was half aroused already. As she stared, it started to straighten, and grow longer. Under the long, thick tumescence hung two massive testicles in their loose sack, each looked almost as large as her small fist.

Her eyes went to his stomach, a little looser than a young working man, but far from fat, then his chest, which bore marks that looked like claws had laid him open at some time in his past. The robe finally came off over his head and he stood before her nude, holding the robe in one hand.

His cock was fully erect now, and stood forth long and thick and, in her mind, quite impressively. The foreskin had been removed, circumcised, she believed it was called, and the bulbous head stood forth, darkening to almost red. She pried her eyes from his organ and looked at his chest. Are those claw marks part of it? she asked.

Yes. And my manhood, too, he said.

She looked back down. While very large, your manhood looks normal, she said.

Some of the marks are not bad, he said. Thought the claw marks sometimes reopen and cause me great pains.

Siska regarded him again. What will happen to me? she asked.

One cannot say, perhaps only something minor, he said. Or perhaps something catastrophic. He regarded her a long moment. Youre body is lovely. I hope nothing bad happens to it.

He slipped his robe back on and they finished dinner. Three bowls of stew seemed to finally fill his empty belly and he leaned back in his chair pronouncing the meal excellent.

It grows late, however, Siska, he said, and rose from his chair. Come.

She followed him and he led her up the stairs. He opened a door at the top of the stairs, to the left of the hall leading to more rooms there. This room is yours, he said.

She stepped inside then turned about. Phillip? she asked, her voice very soft.

He turned. Yes? He asked.

Youre really going to free me tomorrow? she asked, he noted that her violet eyes would not meet his.

He nodded and said, Yes, Siska, Im going to free you tomorrow.

With startling speed, she grabbed his neck and hugged herself to him. Her long body pressed to his and he felt moisture on his neck as she pressed her face to him. Thank you, Phillip! she said into his neck and chest. I cannot say how grateful I will be.

He grinned and patted her back. You are most welcome, Siska.

Lightning arced through his body as she kissed his neck, her soft lips moist and warm. She kissed his neck again, just beneath his ear, then kissed his ear, itself, allowing her tongue to first lap at it slightly.

His cock twitched in his robe, growing erect very quickly.

He was stunned at how good her kisses felt, and appalled at himself for becoming so aroused at her simple show of gratitude.

She felt his erection growing against her belly and looked up at him. I am still yours for this night, she said. Her eyes were burning into his and he could feel the heat from her body in his arms, and through his robes. You own me, if you wish to command something of me.

Her expression was screaming that she wanted him to command something. His mind was spinning out of control at the thought, and that she wanted him to do so. Her show of gratitude was not even begun, he realized. Um, he said, thoughtfully.

She smiled slightly. Please command me, master, she said.

His will crumbled like a wall made of bread. Oh One, defend me, he whispered as he looked down into her piercing violet eyes. She kissed him, full on, and he felt her tongue forcing its way past his lips. When he parted them, she slid her tongue deep into his mouth and stroked his tongue, as well.

He looked at her after the kiss broke. You are sure of this? he asked.

She angled her head down and peered upward at him. I am a slave, master, I am sure of only what you command, she said, quite obviously vamping him. I seek only to please my master, in whatever ways he commands me.

His organ twitched again with those remarks and he pointed down the hallway. That is my room, go await me there, he finally managed to stammer out.

She immediately turned and walked down the hall and opened the indicated door and entered. She walked into the larger room a couple of steps then turned and faced the door, then sunk to her knees, pulling the robe over her head as she did so.

His breathing was harsh in his ears and his heart felt like it was trying to signal another island with its deafening thuds. She cast her eyes to the floor and gripped her ankles behind her with both hands, forcing her long body to tense and arch outward.

Slowly he walked to the room, and looked down upon her kneeling form. By the One you are gorgeous, he said.

She smiled and said, Thank you master, you are too kind. Her violet eyes never left the floor before her bare knees.

He took his own robe off, now, and stood before her. You will do anything I ask? he asked.

She nodded toward the floor. Yes, master, anything you command.

He gulped again, sending his adams apple bobbing. Do you know how to mouth a mans organ? he asked.

Generally speaking, master, she said. I have heard it described.

He wiped the beads of perspiration from his brow and looked down at the magnificent creature with the golden hair kneeling before him, ready to do his bidding. Then do so, he finally said.

Without even a hint of hesitation, she moved forward and gripped the base of his cock, her fingers wrapped around it tightly, causing him to gasp at her strength. She pointed it forward and, for all intents, impaled her head upon it, forcing over half his length down her throat in one smooth motion, until her throat protested, and she gagged a little.

He watched her swallow, and force back her bile, then rammed her mouth forward again, taking it even deeper, then deeper. Each time she paused and composed herself, keeping her reflexes in check by sheer force of will. Youre sure youve never don this before? he asked, felling his testicles draw up in anticipation of a massive release.

She shook her head, a severely abbreviated motion with over two thirds of his manhood down her throat. Again she forced herself forward, then again. The sound of her breathing had become labored, as she had to force the air around his organ intruding upon her throat. Finally, she lunged forward one last time, taking him to the root, moving her hand from him, and burrowing her nose into his thick patch of dark pubic hair. His quickly tightening testicles slid along her smooth chin as her tongue slipped out and over them and under the root of his pole.

He grunted as she tightened her throat around his cock and he could feel it contract in protest to this intrusion. How are you not gagging? he murmured.

She shrugged, and looked up at him, as if waiting for something, her jaw opened wide to accommodate his thick pole. Finally, she grabbed his hips and started moving them back. Then pulled them up to her again. He got the meaning quickly, and started to piston himself into her mouth, mounting her mouth, as it were. She took his hands and put them on her golden-haired head. He immediately interlaced the fingers with her long tresses and began to hump with more energy, realizing she was more than inviting him to.

Long moments he pounded his organ into her violated throat, and she moaned with each entry. He moaned as well, then finally began to grunt as his climax neared.

With a massive shudder throughout his body, he began to release himself into her waiting throat and the semen shot directly down her open gullet. After several seemingly mighty jets of semen, he felt the waves of pleasure subside and looked down again. Her eyes were still staring intently up at him. He was pulling her hair hard now, and realized that he had fucked her mouth quite enthusiastically there for a long moment. He let her hair go and pulled back, until his organ came free of her sucking lips with a pop.

Sorry if I hurt you, Siska, he said, regarding her open mouth and smouldering eyes.

She smiled up at him. You did not hurt me, master, she said, again adopting the pose of submission before him again.

Where did you learn to do that? he asked.

My cousin, one of the others sold today, told me how, replied Siska. She did it quite often, from what I heard. She was still gazing at the floor before her knees.

Enough of that, said Phillip. If you would lie with me, do so as an equal.

She blinked up at him then stood, putting her arms about his chest. I would, she said, then kissed him.

They kissed for long moments, their bodies tight to one another. At some point, his prick swelled to life again, pressing against her belly. She moved a hand to stroke it and heard him gasp as her cool fingers wrapped about the thick shaft.

This is the only time, Siska, he said, his voice sounding weak and distant. It is improper for a mentor to have relations of this type with a student.

Her soft lips were brushing over his shoulder and chest. I understand, Phillip, she said. Afterward? she asked after a moment of silence.

Of course, afterward, when you are a wizard, the rules you make are your own, he said.

She urged him toward the bed. Then let us make good use of this night, she said.

The two tumbled into the large, unkempt bed and rolled through the soft coverlets, entangling themselves with it and one another. Phillip wound up atop her and looked down at her slight body as he pressed his against it.

Youre a virgin, you said? he asked.

Siska nodded slowly and turned her eyes toward the wall, suddenly rather uncomfortable with that idea.

We dont have to, said Phillip. If you wish to stop now.

Her violet eyes flicked back to him. No, she said hurriedly. Thats not why I looked away, mas - Phillip.

Why then? asked Phillip, lifting his upper body from hers and peering down at her.

My friends, she said, simply. They are also losing their innocence this night, but probably not so tenderly.

Phillip lifted himself off her and sat back. Then we can stop, he said, not sounding even a little upset. I dont wish to make you regret anything.

She sat up as well. No, she said, I promised.

Phillip pulled a piece of the coverlet over his bobbing erection. No, dear, not that way.

But you said, if not tonight. . . she let the sentence drift off.

I know, replied the wizard. And Ill likely kick myself in the arse about this for months. Please go to bed Siska. Well speak on the morrow.

Siska slouched off the bed and gathered her robes. Im sorry, Phillip, she murmured.

Its fine, Siska, he replied, smiling gamely.

As she pressed the door shut behind her, she surveyed her little bedroom. It held a bed, a desk, and a wardrobe. However, the thing that caught her eye the most was a small cabinet fastened to the wall with glass-paneled doors. Within were many small objects. She walked over to it and looked at the assorted items.

There was a simple, scarred wooden box, perhaps just large enough to put a knife in. Next to that was a cracked monocle, still hanging from a peg in the back by a long silver chain.

She noted all the metal inside this little cabinet was silver. She had heard that silver is the metal of magic and wondered for a moment if these items were magical.

They glowed with a faint blue light. Was that proof they were magicked? She decided to ask Phillip on the morrow.
