Hi friends I lost my last id but I created new one. For my new readers I'm Farhan from Kanpur. Everyone mail me at dangerousfarhan@hotmail.com, after posting my last story "my sister loves incest" i got a mail from a person who wants that i will his wife in front of him its a nice offer for me. What's your suggestion so never forget to mail me?
My mindset started to change when I was 21, I was going to university and came home for the summer. My family is a tight net family and we all get along well in most cases. My older sister who is older than me by 2 years was home for the summer as well. She actually stayed home looking for work. My sister was very self consious of her looks. She has black hair with a nice tan body and she stands 5" 2" around 115 pounds.
She and her friend have been trying to get into modeling for a clothing line. Believe me; my sister had the looks for it. One day I was home and my sister and her friend went up to the room they had the door locked. After an hour or so they came back out and started to chat with one another about what they needed to change and the about colors. I was a bid courious and asked"what are you two on about?
My sister's friend said they are going to try out for a model shoot in two weeks and took pictures of each other naked to see what type of tan they wanted to go with and what areas to work out on. I replied and said "you girls are too superficial you guys need to get out in the world and see whats going on. I walked and left to go to my room. I stared at the ceiling lying down on my bed.
I was starting to get a little bored. After a while I heard the car start up and seen my sister and her friend drive off. I went to the cd player to listen to the my favorite cd. It was gone. I knew my sister took it. I went into her room to get it back and looked through her drawers. When I opened the third drawer down I saw a camera. I froze for a second and thought of what my sister's friend had said about them taking pictures of themselves naked.
I grabed the camera and sat on my sisters bed. I was not sure what I was doing but something inside my said "look at the pictures. I turned the camera on and on the screen saw some pictures of the desk then bamm I saw my sister naked. Man did she look nice and she had small niples and some perky breasts very curvey and she had a tight tight build I click to the next picture and the next and then the next. It was the first time I saw my sister naked and I was really turned on by it.
I heard the doorbell ring and I panicked. I put the camera away and went downstairs to answer the door. It was some solicitor for vacuums. I was pissed. After some time my mom came home and then my sister. I wanted to really badly look at those pictures again. My sister was a little annoying at times because she is too superficial and is a brat at times when she does not get what she wants. She also spends way too much on stuff that she doesn"t need.
She likes money but doesn"t have enough her credit cards are always maxed and she"s always asking for some money from me. She won't ever ask mom becuase mom refuses as for me I could not get those pictures out of my mind. I wanted to get my hands on that camera and see them again and again. I tried to sneak into her room but didn"t happens. That summer something came over me and I was into my sister, those pictures done something to me.
I knew I had to get closer to my sister. I stayed up all night trying to find a way to get with her. After a few days had passed I planed on going on a little trip to the city. I asked my friend and booked the hotel for two days during the weekdays. I told my sister that I was going to be leaving to go hang out at the bars and do some sight seeing with Rahul. She said ok have fun. A few hours before we wore gonna leave I came into the house and said "this sucks.
My sister said "what sucks". I said "Rahul cancelled becuase he can"t go, I already booked the hotel and I don"t want to go by myself." My sister said "sucks for you." Those were the types of comments that pissed me off about my sister she was too much into herself. So I said"hey sis why don"t you go with me out there everythings already paid for? She paused and said im too tired and don't want to wait in a car for hours.
I said "hey we can go shopping out there and I will buy you something". She said let mom know were going and lets go. We headed out and started our drive. For the next few hours we talked about our lives and what had been going on with us. She started talking about getting into modeling and needed to get some money to set up some picture portfolio. I could not help myself and keep staring at her legs and she was wearing some shorts and her legs were nicely tanned and a red tank top.
Everytime I turned and kept looking at her body I had some feelings going through my body and my sister and I had a hotel for a couple days and we were gonna hang out. I never went anywhere alone with her. We had time to kill and kept talking and she asked me about my girl friend, I told her "we broke up over 5 months ago (since then I was on horny stage because I need to get laid)
I asked her if she had been dating, she said "not since I broke up with Amzad was her ex boyfriend and they had broken up over 1 year ago. We continued talking and listening the the radio. After 5 hours we got to our hotel. We checked in and rested for a little while. I told my sister "hey dress up was going to a nice place for dinner and drinks it"s really classy and all the high rollers go out there. She was excited.
We got to this place and my sister was dressed in this black dress with the top cut off and you could see here clevage really well. Man she was looking good and she walked in front of me into the resturant and I saw her ass moving side to side. I wanted to lift her dress up and squeze her ass. We got inside and were seated and the place was really nice and expensive.
We ordered our food and some drinks after we finished our food and we headed towards the bar area. It was huge and there were not too many people there I think becuase it was a weekday. We sat in some chairs by the fireplace and ordered some drinks. My sister sat across from me and said "boy this place is really nice. I replied "yes it is. I could not help but stair at my sister's cleavage.
She showed no sign of any interest of me. She was the stuck up type. After a few drinks we had a genteleman dressed in a really nice suit that was around 60 years old approch us and said "you mind if I join you guys for some drinks? My wife is out sick and I needed some company? This man had some nice jelewry on and you could tell he was well off. My sister replied "sure grab a seat. The man was warm and really nice.
He started sharing with us that he is from Europe and owns his own company building ships. He said he has traveled and loves good company and food. He sat around and we talked for some time. He ordered us all some drinks and we talked. He was surprised that I and my sister were brother and sister. He told us that he had a sister that was older by 2 years just like my and my sister.
He told us how he grew up in a small village in Gujarat and grew up coming up poor. After some time we were ready to head out. We had the next day planned out. We got up and my sister said it was a great pleasure talking to you. We started off. After getting around 10 steps we heard to old man say "Hey I wanted to share something with you two". We turned around and walked back to him.
He said "sit down, I gonna share something with you two you take it for what you want. I don"t wants to offend anyone or make anyone feel uncomfortable ok. I wanted to let you two know that you guys remind me of when I was young, I and my sister had a great relationship and we had on many occasions satisfied each others needs." My sister looked at me in the weirdest way I could tell she was feeling akward at this point.
The man continued "We would enjoy each other bodies from time to time and she was the best lover I had I felt so close to her. The man said "I am sharing this with you because I have a proposal for you two. I have wanted to get back to those memories for a long time. I want to feel young again, I'm 63 and rich but those memories have gone you 2 reminded me of that.
I looked at my sister and then turned around and said to the man "sir what are you proposing? He said " I will pay you two 50,000 if you two will have sex with one another in front of me for a couple of hours" I looked at my sister and she said "lets get up and leave". I got up and said "im sorry sir"as we were walking he said you tell me what you two are willing to do at this point me and my sister had a good buzz,
I said "give me a minute I took my sister to the side and said "listen sis forgets you and we are brother sister here and this guys got some serious cash, what do you think? You can get your modeling career going and still have plenty for shopping" She said I mean this whole thing is weird your my brother then some old man watching us. I would feel uncomfortable with anyone there watching.
We walked back and told the man "we feel uncomfortable with the whole thing and you being there watching. The man reached into his pocked and pulled out 2,000 he said "here is my last proposal take this money and buy yourself 3 cameras you guys can have sex and record it. I will only watch the tapes in front of you two after im done watching you can destroy the tapes.
I am willing to pay you 20,000 I will want you 2 to have sex for over 2 hours make is very kinky and good once you have finished call me and I will me you with the money and we will all be good. I took my sister to the side and said look you tell me what you want to do and he"s not gonna be there and were gonna get 20,000 I mean don"t think too hard about it"
My sister replied Ok but im telling you it"s gonna be weird. We shook on it and then told the man we will do it. He said "remember make it really kinky. We left the place and started off the the camera store and we picked up the cameras and Headed back to our hotel. I was racing with thoughts was this really going to happen from a pictur on a camera that turned me on to actually filming me and my sister having sex.
We arrived to our room and we walked in and I can sense tension from my sister. I started getting the cameras out and then placing them on each side of the bed looking through them to get them adjusted. My sister says "I wanted to let you know that it"s been a while since I have had sex over 1 year ago and I don"t know if I can do this. I walked over to her and said listen trust me and I will get everything done go to the mini bar and take some drinks out for us.
She came back with some mini bottles in less than 4 minutes she took down two bottles straight. I told her "listen sis once we get started there is no going back and we have to finish it, I'm your brother you gonna have to trust me on this no matter what we have to keep going is that understood? My sister says "I trust you please be gentle. I turned the cameras on and walked away. I walked to my sister and took her in front of the camera.
I walked behind her and knelt down and lifted her dress up. I took it completely off. I could see us on the screen of the camera in front of us. I had immediately got a hard on. I snapped her bra off oooh my sister was naked in front of me. I knelt back down and took off her panties. I turned her around and looked at her body and she was shy and scared her pussy hair was almost completely shaven but shaped in an upside down triangle.
Her skin smelled like peaches. I got her to the bed and laid her down with her back on the bed. I got on my knees and opened her legs. I started to move towards my sister's pussy, the aroma of her fresh pussy got my cock even harder. I put my entire mouth on it and then started raming my tongue into her pussy. With one hand I was fondling her breast and with the other I was rubbing my sister's clit. After a few minutes I rose up and took off my clothes.
I am not too gifted with too many things but one thing is I had a really thick dick. It was around 8 inches long but it was almost 5" thick. I moved foreward and grabed on camera. I sat on my sister stomach and put my dick in between her tits. I squezed her tits tightly and started to moved back and forward as my cock would go foreward it would touch my sisters lips. My sister was looking straight at me when my cock would touch her lips.
I think she wanted to see what I do next. I moved forward with her arms underneath me pinned. I was sitting on her chest. I moved the tip of my cock into her mouth with a little wieght I pushed my cock into my sisters mouth. I could barely get the tip of it into her mouth and her mouth would strecth everytime I put the tip in. I grab her hair and started pulling back and forth with it. I got into a good motion and then got a little deepeer.
I could feel her teeth and the side of her mouth walls on my dick being on top on my sister and having my dick in her mouth was awesome. After a few motions my sister gagged really hard and said "I said be gentle you know that things too big it"s not gonna fit in my mouth! I took my dick and slaped her face gently with it. I got up and and stood on the floor.
I opened her legs and put my cock on her pussy and she put her hand on her pussy and said "Put on a condom with all the excitment I forgot to get any condoms. I said "sis I don"t have any and we can"t stop now I will be careful. She said "please be gentle I took the tip and slowly started going in I could feel my sister getting tense I slowly got more in about 3 inches into her she said "oh please go slow it hurts.
I didn't pay any attention to her, I put more pressure and pushed foreward I picked up the camera that was laying on the bed and started to film my cock going in up close my sisters pussy was being strected and I could feel her walls huging my dick they were twitching with sensatation I felt great I stoped and then pulled back out not all the way and then slowly went back inside my sisters tight pussy.
After a few times I pulled all the way in leaving only 1 inch out my sister was squezing the bed sheets with both of her hands as if she was falling off a building and her eyes were close and her mouth clenched tight. I could tell she was in pain. I keep going for some time slowly it got easier and easier to get it in her walls had gotten well lubricated with her jucies.
I lifted her legs and then pushed them back to her head her pussy was lifted up towards me. I put the camera on the bed I had her legs on my shoulders. My sister said "oh please go slow. I moved back and like a sling shot I started foreward and then back and then foreward. I was completely in her and she was screaming out load and she had her hands pushing me away but they didn"t do much with my coming down on her.
I was shaking all her insides up at this point after a few minutes my sister cam and she cum really hard. I stopped for a couple of seconds I moved back and then pulled out. I stood up on the floor and she said "I told you to be gentle" My sister was grabbing her stomach and then I grabed her by her hair and lifted her up. I put my dick back into her mouth.
I lifted her up and then fliped her over she was in the doggy position. I opened her legs and then started to penetrate her again. I was fucking her good I had my hands on the hips and then I was pulling her towards me and she kept putting her hands and pushing me back. I got up and then grabed my t-shirt. I said to her you gonna have to trust me on this one she said what are you gonna do?
I said just trust me" I tied her hands behind her back then I got another mini bottle of liquor opened it and had her drink it with her hands tied behind her back I started again in the doggy position. I was really hard and then pushed her down where my sister way lying down on her face and I was behind her fucking her in her tight pussy. I had both my hands on the side in a push up position and I was pounding my sister underneath me.
I was jamming into my sister really hard then all of a sudden I pushed into her and she let out a scream I never heard before I accidentally pushed into her ass. I could feel my dick get stuck. I only got about 1 or 2 inches into her ass and she was in pain. She started to cry a little and said "the fucking hurts". I pulled out and got in front of her standing on the floor. I said it was a mistake then without her saying anything I put my cock into her mouth.
I had my sisters hands still tied behind her back and now was face fucking her I had each hand on her head pulling her towards me she keep gaging but I kept going. I was looking down on my sister lips sucking my dick with my t-shirt tied to her hands and her sweet ass and then all of a sudden I felt my knees get weak. I was cuming I moved to the side to let the camera capture it. I cum a little in my sisters mouth then I pulled out only to cum onto her face and hair.
I stood there with my dick in my hand for a few minutes. My sister said "untie me so I can wash my face I said "sis it"s has not been the full two hours and we can"t stop now. She said "there is nothing left unties me. I said "listen we have to make it good and long or else he"s not gonna pay us. I said listen just let me do this and trust me. I turned around and then headed towards my clothes I got out my briefs and put them on the bed.
My sister was still laying face down with her hands tied behind her back. I got behind her and lifted her up to put her on the side. I went to the bathroom and got some shampoo. I got behind her and started playing with her pussy and She said what are you doing I said "he said make it kinky I took my dick in put it in placed it on my sisters butthole. I knew I wanted to fuck her ass the first time I saw her naked then the feeling when I accidentally went in confirmed it.
She pushed foreward and said no way your gonna get that in my ass, I've never had it in my ass, sis just trust me I lifted her up in the doggy position. I put some shampoo on my dick because we had no other lubrication. I slowly started to insert my dick in my sister's ass and she pushed foreward when I got the tip in and let out a cry please lets not do this it"s gonna hurt way too much" I said Just try it if it hurts too much we can stop.
I slowly pushed foreward again I feel her buthole ring stretching and it felt like a really tight ruber band around my dick when I got half way in my sister way screaming in pain. She knew it had to be done. I got my briefs and shoved them in her mouth. I said "the hotel managers gonna come for making too much noise" I slowy started back into my sister ass it felt great I was soo tight and pushing into her back and fourth.
My sister who was a wanna be model always fixing herself up and very superficial and materilistic was in front of me with her ass sticking out and taking my dick in it. I started pushing harder and harder. I could hear muffle screams from my sister and she had gotten a hold of one of my arms with here hands and started to rip her nails into my arm. I knew she was in pain she had drawn blood from my arms. I could not stop and she knew we had to keep going.
I went back and forth then again I felt this sensation and I was cuming. I came deep into my sister"s ass. I pulled her towards me and kept cuming my sister was breathing really fast and hard through her nose. I pulled out and then went around to her and pulled my briefs out of her mouth. She said "fuck that was painfully good. I came while you where fucking my ass.
To make up for time I had her suck me off and I ate her out. Then we cleaned up and she was sore. That night I got some ice and iced my sister's ass and pussy. My sister said "not a word to anyone about this and we have to take it to our graves I told her I know. The next day we woke up to collect our money I reviewed the film and it was great. We called the old man to show him and his phone was disconnected it was no suprise to me.
I am the one who hired him to pretend to be rich and want to see a brother fuck his sister all those late nights of not sleeping thinking of my sister naked on that camera really brought up a great idea. My sister was very disappointed but never knew what really happened that I put the man up to it. I played along and on our drive back we talked about our exprience. I hope you all liked it please 