Kimberly's New Life
by FlaGuy

Kimberly Registers (Chapter 1.1)

Kimberly was heading to the Valley Lo mall with her friends Jenny and Beth. Kimberly had a particular motive for them to enter the mall from this end today. She had made a decision. At least she thought she had. Ahead she saw the Lifestyle Registration office she had been reading about. She considered walking passed it when the Lifestyle rep walked over and greeted them.

“Hi girls. How is your day going? “

The Girl’s responded, “Just great. Just doing some Christmas shopping.”

The rep said, “I’m Julie. We are having a 75% off Registration sale for Christmas this week. “

The discount meant nothing as the registration process was not expensive and always discounted. If not for one holiday then for another. Julie tried to hand them brochures that listed all the many lifestyle choices. Examples in large print at the top were the most popular; Vegan, Vegetarian, Carbonista and a few more. The complete list ran in very fine print across three pages.

Kimberly decided she couldn’t wait and spoke up, “I do it. I’ll register.”

Jenny and Beth both looked very surprised. “Are you finally going vegetarian, Kim”, said Beth.

“Yeah. Or are you going to go total vegan?” Jenny smiled.

Jenny and Beth were her two oldest friends. Jenny, the very clever one, always helping with people’s homework and personal problems while Beth was skating through school, and her life, doing as little work as she could manage. They were so different from each other it was always surprising that they were friends. Jenny was in her very budget friendly but fashionable dress while Beth was decked out in her much too expensive designer slacks and favorite frilly top. Neither dressed with the cooling December in mind.

Kimberly came along in her unusually casual faded skinny jeans and an old flannel shirt, not her usual fabulous outfit. That and her long blonde hair not done up but held by simple barrettes made them wonder why she was dressed so plainly today. Her slim maturing form filled out the shirt very well indeed and the jeans were still fashionably tight over her pleasantly round hips. Each one being five foot eleven the three of them were taller than their friends. That and the fact that they were all within a week of the same age made them a squad of nineteen year old’s, the “nineteen team” they called themselves.

“Well if you wait for me here you can find out.” teased Kimberly, not sure herself how far she would end up going.

Beth looked bored, “Oh, we’ll meet up with you at the book store. You can fill us in then.

Once they walked away Julie, the Lifestyle rep smiled, “Won’t you come into our Registration Office.” She lead the way and directed Kimberly to take a seat at a computer screen. Julie was several years older than Kimberly and wore her trim, very feminine business suit with pride. “Have a seat wherever you like. Just touch the screen, follow the prompts and fill out your information. Then select the lifestyle that you want today. Once you finish your registration card will print over there by me. Julie was all smiles just to have someone in her big empty office.

Kimberly walked way toward the back and sat behind a screen and clicked through. She typed in her full name, age, address and many personal details including phone numbers and names of emergency contacts. Once they had all her information she was committed. Her decisions were public and going on the record. She opened the list and read through the amazing variety of lifestyle options. Some were mild, some strange and some were quite unpleasant. She scrolled way down till she got to “Nudist”. This was why she had come. This was going to be her decision. This was her last chance to turn back but she felt she was ready. She steeled herself, decided, and clicked on the icon that would change her life, she would become a nudist.

The screen opened up to show pictures of very average looking people, young and old, slim and not so slim, all naked and very tan playing in the warm sun enjoying the nudist lifestyle. Below in bold type the great benefits of nudism were listed. Further below, equally bold were the strict requirements of a Registered Nudist. The benefits Kimberly had seen before online. These were upbeat but the requirements were written very seriously, as if as a warning. When she saw there were choices still to be made she realized she was not yet registered. She still had options. She let out a sigh, partly of relief but also a little disappointment. There was still more to do. She kept reading.

The requirements of course were total nudity at all times. No clothing or covering of primary or secondary sexual characteristics or organs at any time. She was surprised that they did allow certain kinds of shoes and bags with narrow straps and even coats for severe weather. There was even a sexy hip-hugging fanny pack for a purse. They showed shoes that were permitted which did not look at all comfortable. Kimberly went barefoot all Summer long and only added sandals when her mother complained, usually by November. She could still back out of course, click on Cancel at the lower left. But she went ahead, interested in changing her life and curious to see what there was to choose.

The first was Length of Registration, how long did she wish to be registered as a nudist? She thought about it, how long she could actually go without wearing clothes? She had wondered about this for some time. Seeing it as a question here suddenly made it very real. She already slept topless because her nipples were so sensitive but was never away from her bedroom like that. Each Summer, though, by the end of the beach season she had urgently wanted to try skinny dipping and tanning nude in the sun. She was tired of her large nipples making her bikinis fit so badly, and how her bottoms always rode up into her ass. And she remembered last August.

She scrolled down and was surprised to see that the minimum term began with “3 Months”. She had expected to see only the “6 Months” option. She clicked the box for six months since that was what she had planned on. She would go naked for six months. She had finally screwed up her courage for this. It had taken her since August.

Down below “6 Months” she saw “12 Months”. She wondered about that impossible option for a moment. She had never been naked outside her bedroom where she had been practicing. The idea of going a whole year without wearing clothes was too scary. Going outside, around people, around everyone! would be difficult. They would see her, all of her all the time. How long before she could get used to it? Days? Weeks? But the more she thought about it the more sensible a full year sounded. It was December already but had not begun to get cold. She was used to the cold here which would only mean 50 degrees f or 45 at worst. Not beach weather but hardly arctic.

If she registered for six months she would have to get dressed again in the Summer. But it was just last Summer she had decided to become a nudist and had only now worked up the nerve. She would hardly want to get dressed once the warm weather was here. She would not even make it to August as a nudist. But could she really do this for a whole year. The more she thought the more logical it seemed. She considered the reactions and the kidding and possible trouble she would get into wherever she went, but that could hardly get worse after six months. Twelve months went from being impossible to a very good idea indeed. She clicked on the box next to “12 Months” just to see what it felt like. She thought about it and it did feel right. She felt very mature in choosing the longer term. But she was only playing with the form. She could still cancel.

The registration program showed a map of the mall and displayed lists of discounts and coupons for those making their choices. As she clicked from the six to the twelve month option the map highlighted stores where shoes, hats and purses were available. The longer the term, the more sale items were displayed. Kimberly thought this was silly. She was looking forward to doing with less. Less clutter, less stuff and way less clothes at least for now.

She scrolled further down and saw other options. The choices of months changed to years; 3 years, 6 years, 10 years. She was amazed that people could actually make these choices. She looked at the people in the many pictures and tried to imagine what it would mean to be totally naked for years and years. Not just until Summer, not just for the good weather but actually for years on end. Could she live without ever covering any part of herself, never getting dressed, month in, month out, year after naked year. And when her nudist registration ended what then? Would her old clothes still be in fashion, or even fit? Not likely.

Kimberly didn’t have all that many clothes. Only a walk-in closet bulging with dresses, jeans and tops all in the latest fashions along with those hanging on the doors and packed in her dresser. All of these were high fashion choices at the time. The transitory nature of fashion always frustrated her.

As a nudist she would lock these away somehow while her nudist registration period ticked away until she would get dressed again. And just then she noticed herself, here she was thinking about more than one year as a nudist, a registered nudist.

She clicked the box next to three years and wondered. She was starting at the community college now. By registering as a nudist for one year or even six months she would certainly be going to school naked, attending all her classes fully nude. How would three years be any different. In three years she would be graduating school and interviewing for jobs all while constantly naked.

What would that be like? Going to interviews in the nude, meeting new people, employers who would see all of her. She would surely be used to it by then as would all the people she knew. Most of her class mates and none of her employers would ever know her dressed, only nude, not wearing a thing until eventually her time was up. And what if her nudist time was up? Would they even recognize her wearing clothes? Once they had seen her completely naked every day for years what would it matter?

Looking at this possibility she found herself thinking up ways to get around the problems that a long term commitment to constant nudity would bring. As she thought about them, most of the problems didn’t bother her much. Her parents would be furious of course, well, maybe, but being over eighteen, it was her choice. If she got thrown out of the house she could move in with Beth, maybe. Tom, her current crush would likely pay more attention to her. But she could live without him if he didn’t. She had no interest in Winter sports people were starting now, just time spent on the beach and hiking once it got warm. Her bedroom was very warm all year round. In fact almost too warm at times. No, she could handle all the problems alright.

She kept scrolling down ready to cancel or at least go back to the six month option. But when she got further down she saw it. There below the 12 Year option was the big surprise, the word “Lifetime”. She had heard of this long ago but never did believe it. She was sure it was made up or just a rumor, it couldn’t be real. Now she knew it was true, she could see it and she became excited.

A Lifetime of registered nudity was actually an option. She could click this and choose to legally spend the rest of her life without any clothing at all. Was it possible? Could she do this? Looking at the pictures of tan and happy nude people playing in the sun she realized how mature most of them were. They had not chosen three or six months. Their tans were not a few months old. They had grown older and healthier in the nude. They had been spending their whole lives naked. They really were nudists.

As curious as she was about the three year possibility she was fascinated by the lifetime option. It was real and it would solve even more problems. She would not have to store her clothes at all. They would all go away, and she would never buy more. No longer worry about fashions of new dresses, jeans or tops. Keeping in style had always been her weakness and her greatest expense. Every month more clothes to collect only to hang them up forever a few months later. This would end all of that, no more clothes, no more fashions. Most importantly there would be no great clock ticking down how many months, weeks and days she would be naked. No limit to her freedom.

With caution but her own kind of determination she clicked right on the lifetime option. She was no longer playing with the form, she was quite serious. With that click the map of the mall lit up. Everyone had deals and things to sell the lifetime nudist. Shoes, sandals, even certain boots were available, and very nice boots too. As well as socks, hosiery, garters, belts, purses, hats, scarves, see-through dresses, short and slit skirts and even nudist legal pop-tops. Then her old shopping habits took her away. She flipped through all the ads and loved looking at all these sexy accessories. She wondered how she would look walking around in sexy open skirts, peek-a-boo nipple tops and floppy hats.

Before long she caught herself indulging in her bad habits and realized this was not why she was here. The nice nude people in the pictures were not playing dress up with all this gear. They were naked, tan and healthy. That’s what she wanted. The goal was getting naked and getting simple. She had to ignore the many offers though attractive, and of course so expensive.

Once she had her choices made she clicked save. The screen told here she could still change anything she wanted. She had originally prepared herself for only a six month stint, going back to her old life after a while. Things were very different now but she could see that it was perfect. The lifetime option was a shock to see but a very pleasant one, and she could see, just what she wanted.

She read and re-read the requirements and many warnings, telling her how tough it would be to get out of the registration once it began. Trying to make absolutely sure she could really go through with this, committing to a lifetime of nudity. Trying to think of any problems she had overlooked. The many people she would have to explain to and their likely reactions. It was far more than the six months she had prepared for earlier but it all made sense to her now.

Just as she was re-reading for the third time her phone rang in her shirt pocket. It made her jump to feel it vibrating against her nipple. She looked down to see she had a new text. It was from the department of Lifestyle Registration. Why were they calling? She began to panic. She had not clicked “Register” yet. But she calmed down when she saw it. The text officially warned her that someone was processing a registration in her name. Some form of Nudist Registration. Was she aware of it? She smiled and answered with the code telling them “Thank you. I know about this.”

It was that message from the outside world that reminded her what she was doing. Giving up her clothes, all her clothes. Getting naked once she clicked “Register” and staying that way, for life. Kimberly was here to decide. Could she commit, and let everyone know about it, about what she had only been dreaming about since those sultry days of August. Watching the sun set on that last day at the beach she had determined right then to be naked the next time Summer came around. And this was her moment. If she could do it for six months then one year would be no problem. And if one year was possible then three would be better, her whole college career.

She was glad. After seeing the choices presented here even the prospect of a lifetime of constant nudity no longer caused her any fears or hesitation. It would be wonderful. No more clothes meant no more closets or dressers or even her room covered with worn and dirty clothes. All gone, and for good. She would be the slim, naked nineteen year old Kimberly and then the naked twenty year old Kimberly and even the naked thirty year old Kimberly. It all sounded fine to her. But she still worried.

She worried about her ability to resist the many fashionable accessories that were being offered here by the mall and, she knew, later at home online. If she still went broke collecting all these nudist clothes and sexy accessories then becoming a nudist would be a waste of time. She was considering this when her eyes fell to the last option on the screen. It was very small, meant to be overlooked. The option said “Strict”.

She scrolled down to show the text explaining the option. The text warned that it was very unpopular and rarely chosen. The details explained that “Strict” just meant being totally, that is, strictly naked at all times and places. It meant living life only in your bare skin and nothing else, ever. This would disallow the wearing of any of the fashion accessories she had just been looking at. It even disallowed shoes. There were even strict limitations on jewelry or any other adornments. The prospect of living entirely naked, on constant display without fashionable and sexy decorations was a very unpopular choice. As such it was left to the end and ignored by most everyone.

Kimberly shifted her feet in her sandals. They were a few years old and she had been wearing them since October and they were pretty well shot. She would not miss them. All the strict option permitted was a small wallet or purse, with a very thin strap, to carry one’s Nudist ID and essentials, not the sexy, hip hugging fanny pack other nudists could ware. Kimberly was surprised to hear herself say “That’s for me!” out loud. Without hesitation she moved down and clicked the Strict option right then.

When Kimberly clicked on the Strict option the map of the mall went dark. Apparently the strict nudist could not use anything the mall had to offer. No shoes, no belts, no dressy scarves. No see though anything. This was perfect for her. No temptations. No more fashion shopping. The only tiny spot in the mall still lit was the jewelry store, the one very high end jewelry store. This was the store she and her friends would only walked passed. She read the ad. It invited the strict nudist to come by and get a very thin personal ID bracelet, almost the only jewelry a strict nudist could wear. That or a piercing for a lovely tag with her Nudist Registration ID number on it. This would allow the wearer to go about without even a wallet or ID card, truly naked everywhere. She wondered where she might get a piercing for that but went back to the form.

Kimberly was surprised to be so content with the choices she had made, so different from her original plan. She would give up her clothes and go naked. Not for a weekend or a month or even a year but for the rest of her life. It was as simple as that. She forgot all about problems she brought with her, the need for courage and and worries of risk. She was happy, at peace. She would have the freedom she longed for every Summer and have it all year round. She knew her friends would laugh, be shocked and freak out. But this was what she wanted and now she would have it.

Her friends would have to adjust. Easier for them than for her she thought, but no. She was ready. She would enjoy the adjustment. She filled out the last few bits of info and thoughtfully answered more questions to get passed the warnings and even more warnings. These warned of the permanent and irrevocable nature of the decision and the difficulties of those changing their minds. She clicked right passed them. She was really ready and this was really it, nudity for her. For her life. Finally the registration program told her to wait for the Lifestyle rep to come and help.

In a moment Julie came back to Kimberly to look at the screen.“Well that took a while. I got a text telling me I need to check out your registration. Something serious I hear.” She looked at the screen and her jaw dropped. “You’re registering to become a …a…” She could not form the word.

“A nudist.” Kimberly said, happy to hear it said out loud for the first time.

Julie was still shocked, “I didn’t know you could register as a…to be a..”. She read the details but did not understand. “Why would you want to do!… that!? Are you really going to!…to!?”

Kimberly grinned as Julie struggled to keep it together. “Julie, please, do you need to do something on the screen here for me to finish? An approval of some sort?”

Julie stared and stared at the screen, “Ah, yes. Ah. I’m, I’m supposed to ask if you are.. um I’m supposed to ask if you are, uh…, sure about your … um, choices.” she said hesitantly before finally exploding, “Are you kidding!? You’re going to go naked!? On purpose!? What the hell is that about!?”

Kimberly could not help but laugh. Julie had no idea about the many other strange things people could register for. Some professional. Kimberly pointed to the screen message that asked for the representative’s code to ensure the user had been consulted. After sputtering and spewing Julie yanked out her badge, swiped it over the screen and stormed off.

The program came back asking Kimberly one more time if she was happy with her choices and ready to check out. Was she ready to register herself as a nudist, Options: Lifetime and Strict. Kimberly stopped laughing and with a glad and determined spirit pressed Yes. Once she clicked that was it. A message appeared congratulating her on her new life and wishing her well in her chosen lifestyle. She could hear the printer at the Julie’s counter start buzzing. The screen then instructed her to turn over her clothing to the Lifestyle rep for proper disposal without delay.

Kimberly walked down to the front desk and asked Julie where she should put her clothes. Julie was ignoring her very seriously, staring at her own computer. Finally she got up and went back to the coffee maker in the break area. There she opened a drawer and got out a small drawstring trash bag. She came back and angrily slammed it down on the counter. Kimberly asked “Could you at least hold this open for me?”

Julie was upset, “It says I’m supposed to provide a bag for clothing disposal. There you are.”

Kimberly managed not to laugh, emptied her pockets and shook open the little trash bag. She started unbuttoning her sleeves suddenly aware that she would be getting naked right here, rather different than the way she imagined in her bedroom. She looked around the strange office thinking this was not the place she thought she would be undressing when she registered. She unbuttoned her flannel shirt all the way down and unfastened her belt and her jeans.

“I take it you have not been a ‘Lifestyle rep’ for very long.” She pulled her shirt out of her pants and off her shoulders. As she came out of her sleeves she was intensely aware of her situation. This was it. No excuses. She was taking off all her clothes right here, in a public place, and going home naked. It pleased her that it was all really happening. She smiled and just kept on taking off her clothes. She balled up the shirt and stuffed it into the bag on the desk.

Julie complained, “No one has ever registered to be.. to be … that! I expect people to become vegans or vegetarians and, and, and nice things.”

Kimberly unfastened her very padded bra and slipped it off her shoulders. Her D sized cups protected her C sized breasts with padding arranged just to protect them. Her large tender nipples would no longer have to endure even padded cups. The cool air felt delicious around them as they began to extend. Her long narrow nipples were almost a trademark, one all her girlfriends noticed but knew better than to comment on. The feeling coming over her nipples, the freedom, told Kimberly this really was a great idea even if Julie would have none of it. She pressed her bra into the bag with her shirt and imagined her life now, never wearing one again.

“Well, this is just one of the 120 lifestyles on your list, you know. You may want to go through it sometime or you may have other surprises.”

Julie had been stealing glances at the younger woman as she casually peeled her clothes off. She was horrified to see the clothing and underwear replaced by more and more of the clear pale skin.“There are 132 possible lifestyles to register for as of last quarter.” Julie shot back authoritatively. “Do you have to do that here?”, she said turning away.

“The registration program told me I had to turn over all my clothes to you right now. You don’t have a changing room, do you?” She dropped her sandals from her feet. With much effort Kimberly started tugging her jeans down over her hips, she realized happily, for the last time. Julie kept on complaining. Kimberly leaned against the counter, standing on one foot to pull each narrow pant leg over the other.

Julie could not manage it. “It’s just that. I just can’t sit here and watch someone… You really registered for this? This is your chosen lifestyle?”

“I’ve been planning on it too long. I was surprised with the options I saw. They were perfect for me. So today turns out is the day.” She rolled up her sad old jeans along with the hemp belt and stuffed them into the bag filling it very tightly. “What are you supposed to do with my old clothes?”

Julie was increasingly upset by the situation, “I…I don’t know! I’ve never done this sort of registration before. It says I’m supposed to take them to a donation site someplace.”

Kimberly was really enjoying getting naked. She knew this would be her last time undressing. She knew these clothes were going away now and forever, her others would as well but this was it, her new life was beginning. She felt herself smiling broadly as she pinched the sides of her favorite panties and tugged them down off her hips. She bent straight over easily reaching the floor, sliding her panties down her long legs, a flexibility she always enjoyed, and pulled them off her feet. She loved the cool air on her bushy pubes as they sprang out. She was naked now. Not at home in a fantasy but at the mall in some weird little office. She was registered and legal. All she had to do was get through the rest of whatever processing Julie had. She stood up holding her panties and carefully pressed them into the bag never to wear them again. “What donation site?”

Julie could not stand to look at the newly naked Kimberly but stared at her computer. “Goodwill someplace, some location on the list.”

Kimberly could just see the computer screen over Julie’s shoulder and recognized the top location. “That’s just outside the mall here. Is that really so terrible?”

Without looking at her, Julie offered, “Well, do you! want to take… those… things and put them away?”

Kimberly wanted to point out that it was Julie’s job but decided not to. “I still need to pay for the registration, don’t I?”

Julie rapidly went through her processing of Kimberly’s registration forms keeping her eyes down finally telling Kimberly to pass her wallet over the device with the prompt. When she did the device beeped and told her a receipt was on its way. That’s when Julie screamed.

Kimberly looked up to briefly see a look of horror on Julie’s face. “What’s the matter?”

With her head down and her eyes tightly shut Julie said, “There is a photo ID requirement for a registered nudist. I’m supposed to take a picture of you.”

Mumbling to herself Julie stood up and stormed off walking way passed the coffee station toward the very back of the office.

Kimberly walked around the counter to follow her. In passing she saw Julie’s checkout program. There she saw the photograph of a fully nude man, shaved pubes and all. This was an example of what the Registration Official should submit as identification of a registered nudist, nothing more. Clearly Julie had had enough. Kimberly understood that Julie was not happy with her job anymore but followed her to the back. As she walked barefoot away from her clothes she felt the air moving around her body.

Julie turned on the lights and the camera system of the photo booth and without looking at her told Kimberly to stand against the wall. Kimberly was careful to do as she was told just to finish the registration without any problems. She was normally camera shy around people but had no choice here. In the lights for the first time she felt nervous without clothes. Being naked here meant a great deal more. She was actually getting her picture taken while totally nude.

She stood under the bright lights naked with her head and shoulders back resisting strong urges to cover herself in front of the camera. This picture would go to the National Lifestyle Registration office as evidence of her commitment to becoming a nudist. This was her choice being permanently recorded and broadcast for all to see.

Without any focusing or testing of the camera Julie said, “Ready, Go.” and with that the flash went off in Kimberly’s eyes. There was no review or second take. Julie turned everything off and marched back to her station up front. Kimberly tried to clear her head of the flash and followed along behind her.

Julie kept mumbling angrily as she printed the photo and bonded it to the nudist ID card. Without looking at her Julie shot the registration card across the counter at Kimberly as if it were poison. Kimberly looked at the new card. The photo of her, her generous pubic hair, her pale stomach and narrow waist, her pale erect nipples topping her young breasts, all beneath her recognizable if surprised face was accurate if not flattering. She could still feel the heat of the photo from the bonding process. It reminded her of Julie’s obvious anger about the situation.

Below the engraved Lifestyle Registration Department decorations the card stated boldly “Kimberly Adams: Nudist for following term”. Printed below were the times she had seen before; months, years, 3, 6, 10 and on without any indication of her choice. Further down she saw “Lifetime” with a hole punched nearby. No way to sugar coat that. Nearby she saw a hole punched right next to “Strict”. She could see then that this truly was her new life and was glad for it. No more clothes, no more temptations, no more covering her poor nipples. Holding her wallet next to her keys she asked, “Don’t I get some kind of carry-all for my…essentials?”

“Oh, look over there.” Julie said, without looking up, waving toward the wall display, filled with goodies. “There are registration hats, backpacks and everything on the wall. Take anything you want.”

Kimberly looked through the racks of very fashionable fanny packs, hats and accessories and found the small nylon purse she had seen in the registration pictures. There were also hats and T-shirts to announce the status of the newly registered. They were pretty neat but Kim knew they were not for her, not anymore.

“And could you take all…that! Away with you?”, an exasperated Julie motioned to the bag stuffed with Kimberly’s clothes.

“Well, I’m not supposed to have any clothes now”, she said picking up the bag of her old clothes tightening the draw string shut, “ but I don’t see a problem in making just one little trip.” She bent down and picked up her sandals as well.

“Then do so. Please! Just…get out of here.”

Kimberly slipped her keys, phone and wallet into her new little purse. She slipped her hand into the snug band holding it to her wrist. She decided not to give poor Julie any parting thoughts but just made her way to the door of the Lifestyle Registration office. Julie could not resist looking up just in time to see the young woman’s bare back, the faint impressions of her bra straps still showing, and her very naked, very pale cheeks striding through the door.

She had walked through this mall for years, since she was little but never naked. Kimberly liked feeling the cool tile floor on her bare feet. A pleasure she usually enjoyed in the spring. As she headed to the mall’s nearby entrance she swung the bag around as if she were taking out the trash, which she thought she actually was. She had just entered the mall this way only a few minutes ago all dressed and normal. Now she was heading back out but in a new way, her own way, now she was Naked Kim.

She pushed her weight against the outer door and felt the cool December air envelope her body. A mild December it was but still cool to the newest nudist. She could feel her nipples get even longer, more erect in the free air. She enjoyed what little sunlight came down to warm her skin and stepped very casually and dreamily across the wide open parking lot, resisting the urge to pirouette. She saw her faint shadow on the pavement ahead of her leading the way to the giant Goodwill donation box at the far corner.

At the box she took a moment to tie her sandals together, rather than have a miss-matched pair go in. She did not think twice about what she was here to do, to get rid of her clothes. She carefully threaded her sandals onto the bag’s drawstring. She reached up to the great handle and pulled down, no luck. She finally used both hands.

Just as her bare feet were lifting off the pavement the box’s jaw opened and waited. Being careful not to throw her new purse in as well, she swung the bag and her sandals over her head and into the box. She heard her clothes land inside with a thud. Gone, where she would never see them again, not her clothes anymore. She let the jaw close with a loud and final clang. “That’s it”, Kimberly thought. “Now I’m a real nudist.” She gently pulled her nipples to discover that she really was wonderfully naked and outside. She began walking back to the mall and her friends and said, “This is going to be great.”

At the bookstore Beth was looking through a book on drawing the nude figure which she always picked up here. She could not take it home but it satisfied her to find it here and peek at drawings and photos of naked men and some naked women. When Kimberly came up to the two of them Beth did the greatest double take of all time; looking into the book then at her naked friend and again at the book. For the longest time she did not believe what she was seeing. She stuffed the book away beneath some others but still felt responsible for Kim’s unexplained nudity.

“Kim! You know you’re naked.” Beth whispered loudly.

Kimberly walked up and did not whisper, “Yeah, I just registered. You could have waited.”

“What do you mean, you registered? Where are your clothes?”

Kimberly smiled, “I registered as a nudist. No more clothes. So did you buy anything?” Beth could see her friend’s face talking above her pale and naked form but the words just did not make sense to her. She could not put it together.

Jenny had actually noticed their nude friend approaching from a distance, with that wonderful blond bush of hers, but decided to wait quietly for the explanation. She flipped through her magazine holding her tongue. She tried not to stare at Kimberly’s large nipples, still erect indoors, but could hardly resist. They had receded a bit since she came back into the warm air of the mall but were still amazing.

Beth could not understand any of it “You registered to be naked!? Where are your clothes?”

“Yes, I’m a registered nudist now. I’ll be naked from now on.”

Beth kept whispering in the busy bookstore, “What do you mean, ‘from now on’? Where are your clothes?”

While Beth was whispering up a storm a young man from the bookstore approached them. Kimberly could see him coming at them before he arrived and went to her wallet. “I’m sorry, miss. You cannot be undressed within this store. If you would follow me to the exit, please.”

Kimberly did not stop talking to Beth but opened her new wallet and held out her registration card for the man to see. He slowed his polite speech to read the card. He changed his message but not his tone, “Could you please come with me for a moment. My manager will want to see you, or rather, see your identification.

“OK, Beth, just take it easy. I’ll be right back.”

Jenny stepped up and talked to Beth to keep her from following the employee as he lead their naked friend to the back of the store.

The employee lead Kimberly far back to a cubicle near the rear of the store. Kimberly was careful not to be lead into a closed room. There was a large man sitting behind a desk staring at the computer with nothing but paperwork and a keyboard in front of him. The employee started with, “Excuse me?”

Without looking up the manager said, “Yes, what is it, Frank?”

Frank pointed to the manager, “Could you show him your ID, Miss uh, Miss”

“Adams. Kimberly Adams.” Kimberly said. She walked passed Frank to the side of the desk and stood fully naked in front of the manager. She held out her ID for him to see, as if she needed a naked photo next to her naked body for some kind of proof. She was careful to hold it so he could see it but not take it from her.

The manager looked up at her face and then carefully, down and back up, at all of her, her tits, her narrow waist and her full bush right in front of him. He was a bit surprised but then mildly amused. Then he moved in very closely to examine her new ID. After a moments study he leaned back. “So, when can you start?”

Kimberly looked at him, very surprised then at Frank. “Start?”

The manager went on as Frank became noticeably uncomfortable. “You could do five days a week. We need people on the weekends but closer to Christmas we really need everyone to pitch in. It gets pretty crazy.”

Frank finally spoke up, “Sir, she is not applying, I was just escorting her out.”

“What are you talking about! She showed you the ID didn’t she? You can’t read? What are you wasting my time for?”

“I’m sorry but I was sure you would want me to…”

“Don’t waste my time with your problems! Jeez, Frank!” He turned to Kimberly and smiled. “Look, Kimberly, eh, Miss Adams, if you’d like to fill out an application we could use your help for the next couple of weeks. Really, Frank! Get Miss Adams an application.”

Kimberly smiled and spoke up, “I’m sorry but I’m not looking for work right now. Thanks, though. Frank here thought I was a problem. But don’t worry about it! I’m new at this too.” She spun on her barefoot and started away before turning back to say, “Thanks and have a Merry Christmas!”

When she found her friends they were very ready to leave the bookstore. Jenny had calmed Beth down to where she was not quite freaking out. They were quite ready to head out along their usual shopping route. As they walked three abreast, Beth in the center as always, became very bothered that more people were looking at Kimberly than at her own gorgeous clothes. Jenny had given up on any chance or her being the focus of attention. Beth could not leave it alone, “So, really! Where are your clothes? What are you going to buy here to get dressed in? What’s the plan?”

Kimberly kept with the calm simple explanations she thought would be great practice in the coming days, “I’m not buying anything. I’m not getting dressed. I’m a nudist now. So no more clothes, OK?”

Eventually Jenny moved herself between the two just to give Kim a bit of peace. She eventually mumbled to Kim quietly, “Hey, Kim. I really respect your choice but I don’t know how you’re going to manage it. I’m gonna love seeing you explain your way through this next week.”
