Bruce left Wayne Towers at four on Friday, heading to an upmarket grocery store and delicatessen to buy ingredients for dinner.

What to feed J? J – who was an uncompromising carnivore, of course – liked things he had to crack and pull apart with his hands. Crab, lobster and langoustines. And shrimp... he could rip off their heads and legs, unpeel their shells and happily eat those by the bucketload. Bruce approached the fish counter and watched the blue-grey live shrimp writhing in their overcrowded tank. No, he really didn't want a sinkful of those. He passed on to the meat counter and looked at the cuts on display. After consideration he selected fillet steaks of Wagyu beef – delicately marbled and absurdly expensive – then he wandered off towards the fruit and vegetables section, planning out the accompaniments in his head.

Dauphinoise potatoes, he thought... and some kind of vegetable side dish that J probably wouldn't eat anyway...

Oh, and he would have to stop by the pattiserie further along the block to buy a chocolate dessert – J loved chocolate...

He returned to his penthouse and changed into a soft, worn pair of old jeans and a button-down shirt. In the kitchen he rolled up his sleeves, wrapped a white cotton garçon apron around his waist, poured himself a glass of wine and stared critically at his ingredients. Just as he reached for a knife he heard the soft chimes of his doorbell.

"Oh, oh my! Don't you look cute in that apron? Posi-tively good enough to... to eat."

"You're three hours early."

J held out a bottle of Louis Roederer Cristal, still in its gold cellophane wrapper. Bruce took it, frowned for a second then went to put it in the refrigerator. When he returned to the living area J had come in and closed the door and was in the middle of shrugging off a particularly vile checked jacket.

"You know, being early to dinner at someone's house is ruder than being late."

"Yeeaaah. About that... whole dinner arrangement... thing. See, I've been doing some thinking... I mean we could do it the traditional way. We could... chit-chat and and make googly eyes at each other in the candlelight. We could do that," he nodded, his hands in his pockets. "But you knooow, the whole time we'd both just be thinking... 'damn, when are we finally gonna get this show on the road?'. So I figure it makes sense if we just... cut to the chase."

Bruce folded his arms across his chest and gave J a deeply unimpressed look. "Let me get this straight: you came over to my house to tell me that instead of having dinner like civilised people, you think we should just fuck and get it over with?"

"Oh, I've offended you haven't I? Geez, I know you're kind of ooold fashioned Brucey, you like a little mystery and ro-mance... but me, I'm all about... instant gratification."

"Yeah, I've noticed."

"You're kinda tetchy, aren't you?" J stepped closer and peered into Bruce's face. "How come? Is it because... it's not part of the plaaan? Hm?" an enquiring tilt of his head and a lick of his lips. "You thought you had it all figured out, right, but now it's going to play out differently? You know, you're a little... stiff-necked Bruce. Gotta learn to let go from time to time." A pair of arms slowly coiled around the billionaire's waist. "That's what I've been trying to teach you – how to have some fun, rooooll with the punches..."

Bruce took stock of J's grinning satyr face and observed: "it's all a game to you."

"What?"

He shrugged within the circle of J's arms. "This. Me. Life in general."

J nodded and rolled his eyes thoughtfully. "'Everything is a game'... yeah, that's just... just about my philosophy, I guess." A falsely solicitous look came over his face. "But – oh Brucey, darling! – I don't want you to think because of that... that you don't mean something to me." His cracked lips brushed against Bruce's ear: "because you... faaascinate me."

Bruce found that somehow hard to believe – that someone like J would find a privileged brat of interest. "Yeah? In what way?"

"You Bruce... you're all reee-pressed and puffed up with duty – right? But underneath it all there's this... this tantalising hint of pure batshit crazy. I wanna... wanna... crack you open! Because I think maybe you're exactly like me – and I've never met anyone like me." He gave a breathy laugh. "Before I met you I thought I must be an... ab-err-ation."

"You are."

J gave a low, gravelly chuckle. "But you like that, dontcha?I fascinate you."

"There's certainly never been a dull moment since you came along."

As Bruce gazed at J he began to consider that he had never before thought to question what it was, exactly, that he found so irresistibly compelling about this man. Now, faced with the object of his desires, he was suddenly struck with the realisation of what a very strange and eerie person J was. Not just because of his scars and the bizarre clothing, or the way he talked, or his wild and unpredictable behaviour – but because he seemed to have no fixed, underlying personality. Yuppie, clown, thug – he played these oddball characters of his repertoire with aplomb, but none of them were really him. Their very conspicuous eccentricities were merely a means to distract people from the fact that the personas were all brittle and false.

Bruce longed to know J, to pluck out the heart of his mystery – and yet he felt that to do so was entirely impossible. He imagined that if he pulled away one of J's masks he would find that there was nothing substantial beneath, just a swirling mass of impulses and ideas.

As he brushed the brassy curls back from J's forehead, he thought that looking into those eyes was like staring into something so frightening and intense that it could easily be mistaken for madness. This was someone who truly had no boundaries, no superego and only the most tenuous grip on everyday life. There was really no telling how far he would go, or already had done – who knew what felonies lurked in his obscure past? Yet Bruce had employed this dubious character at the risk of plunging his corporation into disrepute, then he had befriended him, actively seeking out his company.

Why?

Was J right? Was he simply responding to their underlying similarities; a kind of shared well of darkness and dysfunction? Or was it the opposite: was he attracted to J precisely because J was everything which he himself could never be – a free, amoral being?

J pulled him closer again, frowning at his hesitance. "You look kinda nervous Brucey. Something I said? Or is this... your first time? Been saving yourself for someone special like me, hm?"

Bruce blinked and put aside his reflections, summoning up his playboy smile. "No, but I don't think I've ever been with anyone... exactly like you before."

"Yeah well... the world's a big place and there's only one of me to... go round." J leaned in and kissed him; a maddeningly soft, fleeting kiss that made his lips tingle. Bruce rested one hand on J's hip, the other at the small of his back. He watched as J pulled away, walking backwards towards the bedroom and beckoning with one hand, giggling as he almost tripped over his own feet. Another wave of surreality hit Bruce: he was starkly sober and outside it was failing daylight; now he would go into the bedroom and have premeditated sex with J.

He entered the bedroom to behold the sight of the blond haired man pulling his shirt off over his head. More scars, some silvered with age, some raw shiny-pink. Bruce stepped close and lightly ran his fingertips over the various gouges and welts as if he was reading hieroglyphs on a tomb wall, marveling at their reality; seared into flesh. Each one had an origin – a truth unknowable but transcendent of J's self-fictionalizing tales.

J turned and slipped within his arms to grab for the buttons of his shirt. Bruce reached back to untie the apron he had forgotten he was wearing. When he had shrugged out of the shirt J let out a low whistle, mapping the muscles of Bruce's chest with appreciative hands.

"Built, aren't cha?"

"Gym-built, I guess... not like you," Bruce ran his warm hands over J's broad shoulders, feeling the sinew and raw strength underlying the skin.

J's tawny eyelashes fluttered as he gazed down at Bruce's torso, a wry smile on his lips. "You're peeer-fect, you know? I never met anyone who was perfect before..."

Only J could make the word 'perfect' sound disparaging. Bruce ignored the comment and leaned in to bring their mouths back together, their kisses growing hungry and sloppy as they caressed the expanses of revealed flesh. Too many clothes, Bruce thought, wishing there was a shortcut, some less awkward and frustrating way of achieving nakedness.

J sucked and bit at the side of his neck as he pulled at the fastenings of Bruce's jeans, muttering against his ear: "too much... anticipation. First time's gonna be hard and fast. Don't worry, we'll, uh, fix it later, in the second round."

J kicked off the clothing from his own bottom half and eased down onto the bed, leaning back on his hands, thighs spread, shamelessly displaying his aroused state. Bruce felt his mouth go dry as he gazed at the cock standing up and curving towards J's taut abdomen, the head flushed an aggressive red. He had done that to J; J felt that for him – the thought was dizzying, somehow.

Bruce shrugged free of his own pooled jeans and approached the bed, reaching out to gently graze his knuckles over the head of J's cock, then lightly stroking and pulling at the shaft with one hand; a light, deft movement like kneading dough. Before he could take the teasing foreplay any further, the other man hissed and caught his wrist in a vise-like grip.

J drew down his eyebrows and gave Bruce his 'serious' expression as he asserted: "now, normally I'd fight you for the top, princess, but frankly I'm past caring about shit like that, I just need to get off right now... need you to get me there, so, uh, just, just do whatever you want... carte blanche, kiddo."

J telling him to do whatever he wanted – the attitude of insolent but complete surrender the words implied – did something to Bruce, unleashing urges which were focused and primal, beyond all controlling. His friend the city prosecutor, Rachel Dawes, had once told him that the testimonies of people who committed crimes of passion were always that something their victim did or said just caused something in their minds to 'snap'. He remembered that his response to this justification had been skeptical; now, he perfectly understood.

Bruce grabbed J's shoulder and turned him, slamming him face-first down onto the mattress. In response J gave a lewd chuckle and raised himself onto his knees.

"Look at you go!" he enthused.

"Shut up." Bruce had given it all of two seconds of consideration before deciding that J had the world's most perfect ass – muscular, pale and rounded; almost feminine. He tried not to let it distract him, suppressing a groan as he mapped its contours with firms strokes of his hands. J's shoulders slumped and his front half seemed to melt into the bed at that; while his thighs spread open wider in encouragement. Bruce trailed his lips up the length of the other's spine, reaching for the bedside drawer.

His preparation of the other man with one and then two slickened fingers was perfunctory at best, but J did not seem to mind – on the contrary, he eagerly pushed back against the intrusion, making a whole host of weird grunts and moans. His head was turned to one side, a green eye visibly glinting.

Bruce rolled on a condom, his actions accomplished with the efficiency of desperation, and he groaned softly at even the light touching required to coat his sheathed shaft with lubricant.

J muttered something that sounded like an incitement, wriggling suggestively. Bruce took a breath and aligned himself, then slowly pushed in, feeling the give of J's body around him. He let out a gasp and J articulated a sound that might have been spelled out by someone hitting random buttons on a keyboard.

Bruce slipped an arm across the other man's chest and sat back so that he was kneeling, dragging J backwards with him. In response J groaned in a way that suggested that he was surprised and even more turned on, then squirmed back into Bruce's lap. J's head lolled back onto Bruce's shoulder and he let out a low rumbling sound into the billionaire's ear. "Huh-unh, might wanna move now. Just a suggestion."

Bruce felt J's tongue brushing against his cheek as it darted out when the other man licked reflexively at his scars. He thought about J's demanding attitude to it all and it annoyed him somehow ('I'm all about... instant gratification'). That strange urge re-asserted itself in Bruce to be someone dark and controlling. He touched J's chest, thumbs rubbing the hardened nipples, slipped his hands down to the other man's hips and began to very gently manipulate his shaft with the lightest of touches using one hand, while the fingers of the other began to lightly tickle the sensitive skin of the other's inner thighs, occasionally rising up to touch the underside of his sac with the faintest brush of his knuckles.

J made a helpless sound turning his head to lick and bite at Bruce's neck. "Come on, come on," he murmured, wriggling again. It was torture on himself too: Bruce's thighs trembled with the effort of keeping his hips still when J felt so tight and perfect around him. Some part of his brain was telling him that it would be worth it, that if he just drew this moment out it would elevate the experience from a good fuck to something mind-blowing. He petted J's chest and stomach soothingly, then slowly began to move.

Oh, sober sex was fucking incredible! He felt precarious and exposed, but the depth and preciseness of the sensations was making his eyes roll back in his head. When J reached down to touch himself as they rocked back and forth together, Bruce grasped both his wrists and held them down and away from his body, twisting J's shoulders in their sockets.

"No," he hissed in the other man's ear. It was going to be him – he would give J the pleasure that sent him over the edge.

"Fucking... sadist," J gritted out. Bruce smirked to himself and pushed him forward, a hand on the back of his neck. J obediently went down on all fours and they both moaned at the change in angle and pace with the shift allowed. Bruce grasped the other man's hips and let himself go, taking him with hard, savage thrusts, knowing that J wouldn't want him to hold back. A bare few minutes of this motion brought him to the point where he closed his eyes and tumbled helplessly into orgasm, a pull that began in his loins and stomach and spread outwards throughout every nerve and fibre in his body, pinpricks of light dancing behind his eyelids. He groaned low and softly, shuddering and burying his face in the other's neck.

Limbs still trembling, he pulled out slowly, letting J slump onto the mattress, then Bruce made his way unsteadily to the en suite bathroom to dispose of the condom and clean himself up. When he returned to the bedroom he found J had turned over and was now lying slumped against the headboard. He shot the young billionaire a look of distinct displeasure, having begun to touch himself again out of frustration. Bruce crossed to the bed and seized his wrist, grinding the tendons together to make J release his grip. "I said no. Lie back."

J gave a sly smile, clearly deciding to humour Bruce's dominant whim, arching his back as he eased his hips down the bed. Bruce lay down next to him on his side and lowered his head, licking a stripe up the underside of J's cock before taking it into his mouth and closing his fist around the base. Through that post-orgasmic leaden feeling which urged him towards sleep, he concentrated on maintaining the rhythm, bobbing his head and relaxing his throat, listening to the sounds which told him that J was getting closer to the edge as fingertips curled encouragingly in his hair and a thumb brushed against the shell of his ear. A thrill ran through him as he felt J's body tremble and arch upwards a moment before he finally tasted the other's release. Bruce stayed down, sucking him more gently until J went soft in his mouth.

When Bruce eventually sat up he found that J had his forearm flung over his eyes, his chest and stomach still expanding and contracting rapidly with deep breaths. Shivering a little, Bruce slipped under the covers and reached over to brush the backs of his fingers against J's cheek, a featherlight touch against the bumpy texture of the scars. J let his arm slip back to his side and the green eyes reappeared for a moment, along with a hint of a lazy smile, before his eyes closed again and the expression went slack.

They dozed together for a while in the twilight. Eventually Bruce was roused by movement on J's part: he heard his lover give a deep sigh of satisfaction, then felt him roll himself to the edge of the mattress.

Bruce watched as J rose naked from the bed and padded over to rifle through his discarded clothes. He came out with a gold cigarette case and matching zippo lighter. As he flipped out a hand-rolled cigarette and lit it, the green, cloying scent of cannabis bud filled the room.

J returned to the bed, climbing under the covers and lying diagonally across the mattress on his back, his head lowering to rest on Bruce's stomach. Bruce reached over to the nightstand and tipped a pair of cufflinks out of a silver trinket box, offering it to his companion for an ashtray, then lowering his freed hand to gently ruffle J's sweat-dampened curls.

J took a drag on the joint, in the quiet of the room Bruce could hear the sound of indrawn breath and the crackle of the paper burning down, then the heaved, steady sigh of exhalation, finally followed by a soft, contented groan. The billionaire smiled and rubbed a circle on his partner's bare chest with the flat of his hand. A blue-grey coil drifted ceilingwards from between the chapped, split lips. Bruce reflected that he had never before spent this long in J's presence without having to listen to him talk. He took the joint when J offered it, placing it between his own lips and letting the sweet, hot smoke fill his lungs.

Sooner than Bruce wanted it to be, the silence was broken: "gonna... uh... gonna sell my story to the tabloids in the morning. 'My Sex and Drugs Romp with Billionaire Bruce Wayne'."

Bruce laughed, expelling smoke through his nostrils. "Yeah, who's going to believe it?"

"Not sure I even do. Didn't know you could be baaaad, Brucey. I like it."

"Don't look so surprised – I went to college, you know."

"What didya experiment with there? Hm? Drugs or, uh-heh, boys?"

"Both, and some other things," Bruce blew a succession of three perfect smoke rings; J poked his finger through each one as they floated sluggishly upwards. "I kind of... went off the rails for a while. Flunked a year and had to repeat."

J's head lolled sideways and he gazed lazily at Bruce from beneath lowered lids. "Yeah? How come?"

"Don't know, lots of small reasons, I suppose. My parents got divorced when I turned eighteen. It was kind of like... they had waited, you know? I think they had been unhappy for a long time, but they just carried on... as if years of their lives didn't really mean anything because God forbid they should do something to damage me," he scowled briefly. "And... I thought getting into an ivy-league college would mean I'd be challenged, somehow... but classes were pointless and dull. I felt like the whole place was just a holding pen for moneyed brats too young and stupid to be trusted to do something with their lives. I don't know if it was some sort of 'existential crisis'... I guess I just felt like everything was total bullshit."

"Yeee-ah." J agreed as Bruce passed him the joint back, "that's because everything is total bullshit, honey-pie." He licked his lips. "So, how far did you... go? Hm? We talkin' a brief lapse or a full-on de-scent into, uh, meaningless hedonism?"

"Definitely the latter."

"Yeah? What brought you back – daddy give you a... a stern talking to?"

"No... I had the decency to have my breakdown far away from home. My parents never really knew about it – all they knew was that I had had some 'difficulties'... I guess they assumed the problem was academic. I got myself out of it, in the end. I just reached a critical point where I saw that there were only two paths in front of me: one of them was a life like the one I had before – a return to my family and its values; the other was... I don't know – darkness, madness."

"Guess I don't need to ask what you chose." J's voice was faintly disgusted as he took another draw.

"I have this dream sometimes..." Bruce blinked and rubbed his eye against the smoke. "When, when I was a kid, maybe six years old.. I fell into this old cave on the estate. It was full of bats and I startled them. They all flew around me, swirling and swooping – millions of red eyes and flapping wings. It was like... being in the eye of a storm, I couldn't even tell which way was up. I mean, it really happened, but I can't help feeling somehow that it's just a metaphor, you know?"

"Metaphor for what, Doc-tor Freud?"

Bruce knew that the grass was making him sententious, but he went for it anyway: "the fear and chaos we all keep locked up inside us, because we're afraid to acknowledge it. I never went back to that cave in the grounds, but sometimes when I was on a trip or a comedown, I was there again, I was falling back in and each time I never knew if I'd be able to claw my way back out again." He shrugged. "I don't want to know that part of me, I don't want to be stuck down there forever. 'When you stare into the void, the void stares back into you'."

"I figure," J said, warming to the subject, "something like that must have happened to me once. Some trauma or... maybe just a reeeally bad day – who knows? But I must have faced that choice between sanity and insanity, like you did. I just... chose differently."

"But you're not insane."

He gave a wicked grin. "No, I'm something else, aren't I?" he licked his kiss-bitten lips. "I figure... you can be so logical that it becomes an obsession... a 'neurosis', riiight? Well, maybe you can also wade so far into madness that you... pop right out the other side! Kind of like a... a trial by fire or something."

Bruce thought about what it would be like to go down into that cave and stand there in the swirling mass of black, until the fear ebbed and calmness overtook him. Until he was no longer shrinking from the bats but wearing them as a cloak.

"You gotta break down to rebuild!" J was saying. "Come back better, faster, stronger!"

"Like the Six Million Dollar Man?"

"Yeah, that's what I'm talkin' about!' J clenched his fist. "I'm fuckin'... Steve Austin!"

Bruce started to laugh. Everything was suddenly very funny: bats and Princeton and J running in slow motion in a red tracksuit. Laughter bubbled up inside him, causing his stomach to shake and so dislodging the other man from his comfortable position. J heaved a great sigh and sat up, running his hands back through his tangled hair. When Bruce held out the remaining half of the joint, he looked at it thoughtfully.

"I reeeeally shouldn't have any more of that," he said, sounding like a woman reluctantly turning down a secretly-desired second slice of cake.

"Why, are you a lightweight?"

"Nah... just makes me un-controoolably horny."

"Is that so?" Bruce took a deep drag and leaned forward, sealing his lips over J's and exhaling into his mouth, J inhaled deeply in response, leaning into him and avidly stealing his smoke-laden breath. When they both sat back, their mouths separating, J pressed the back of his hand to his own forehead in a mock-swoon.

"Ooooh, you're such a bad influence on me."

Bruce stubbed out the joint and set the makeshift ashtray back on the nightstand, then rolled towards the centre of the bed, tugging J down to lie by his side. He brushed the curls back off J's forehead and kissed him, in response the other made a drowsy sound of pleasure which made desire stir again within Bruce's body.

Bruce let his eyes fall closed as they indulged in lazy kisses, his thumbs brushing his lover's scars again, still intrigued by their texture. J's hand wandered from his chest down to his knee, fingertips slipping around to the inside of the joint and tugging it towards him, so that Bruce's uppermost leg slipped over the his waist. Fingertips began to draw intricate patterns on the sensitive flesh of the billionaire's inner thigh. Bruce's hands firmly traced the curved length of J's spine and he broke their kiss to bite and suck on the flesh of the other's neck, salty where the sheen of perspiration had dried.

They shifted together as J reached over him to scrabble on the nightstand. Bruce's eyes flew open when he felt slick fingertips rubbing at his entrance, sending electric tingles through his body. J was looking at him speculatively; and when he did not react or pull away, two fingers pushed inside. Bruce grunted in discomfort at the initial intrusion, kissing J's throat to distract himself until his body adjusted. He always thought that it was a vaguely unsettling feeling, an oddly intimate thing to let someone do...

He suddenly let out a heaved, stuttering breath against J's mouth as the fingertips brushed against his prostate. It was almost too much, too blindingly pleasurable. He had never thought of cannabis as a sex drug before, but its effects were making every touch, no matter how slight, seem lingering and profoundly intense.

"You don't mind?" J seemed mildly surprised by Bruce's lack of prudish resistance.

"No..." Bruce gave another pleasured gasp when J began to twist his fingers each time he withdrew, "fuck... you can do that for about a week."

J smirked and pushed his fingers in deeper. "M-mm, maybe you're not as up-tight as I thought..."

Bruce slipped a hand between them to grasp J's cock, which was lying warm and lazy against Bruce's inner thigh, teasing it to full hardness by squeezing it within the cage of his fingers and rubbing his thumb over the head. He loved the feeling of it swelling, expanding within his grip. They kissed again, J's stubble sharp against his lips as they misjudged the angle. As J became more aroused in his hand, Bruce, perversely, touched him ever less decisively, wanting to frustrate him. J grunted against his lips at the teasing and in retaliation completely withdrew his fingers. Bruce heard himself make a soft, urgent sound of disappointment.

"Oh, make thaaat noise again..." J mimicked it and then let out an uncomfortably loud bark of laughter.

Bruce wondered what was the best way to provoke J further, settling on a lewd challenge, whispered against the shell of the other's ear: "why don't you just stop screwing around and fuck me already?" He almost laughed at his own words; he felt like he was back in college, playing at being a libertine.

J's green eyes lit up and he grinned wolfishly, shoving Bruce onto his back, then rolling him onto his other side and playfully slapping his flank. "Mmm... demanding," he commented, reaching across the other man again for a condom.

Bruce lay utterly still, taking in the outline of his own fingers atop the covers, the texture of the cotton pillowcase beneath his cheek, the moonlight casting everything in shades of monochrome. Behind him he was intensely aware of the heat radiating from J's bare skin, burning him with its almost-touch.

It seemed to take forever for J to prepare himself, then Bruce remembered that it was the drug again, making time seem turgid and slow. Finally J's hands were on him again, an arm slipping beneath his neck, a hand on his hip tugging him back against J's chest. He lay at an angle now, propped against the other's body; it made him feel curiously unbalanced. J nuzzled him, lightly nipping at the skin behind his ear and bathing his neck in hot breath. The hand slipped back beneath his knee then slid upwards, insistently elevating his thigh, J's fingertips with their almond-shaped nails scratching lightly. Then he felt the shifting of the mattress beneath him and the muscles of the other's chest and abdomen tautening against his back as J positioned himself. Bruce tried not to tense up in anticipation, to stay relaxed and receptive and ignore the fluttery, spinning sensation in his stomach that was making him feel faintly delirious (another effect of the drug, he told himself).

"Tell me, how looong have you," a pause and the sound of swallowing, "wanted this?"

Bruce let out a shaky breath, he felt certain that he was going mad: his skin burned wherever J touched it and felt cold and bereft wherever he did not. "Since... fuck, since the first time you broke into my office." This was, strictly-speaking, a lie, but he suspected that it was exactly what J wanted to hear.

J's voice became infuriatingly bright: "gooood, good." He wriggled downwards, the tip of his cock brushing against Bruce's entrance with just not-quite-enough force to penetrate. Bruce made the disappointed sound again and J chuckled low against his ear, then shifted his hips again and pushed. There was a flickering moment of uncertainty where it seemed like it wasn't going to work, somehow, but then J did something insistent with his hips and everything slid into place; they both moaned, startlingly loud in contrast to the silence of the room. There was a torturous pause until – as if responding to some internal cue – J suddenly began to move.

Bruce shifted in his arms, trying to get comfortable in a position which rendered him utterly passive. He wasn't at all used to feeling out of control and vulnerable; having to depend on J's torso against his back and arm hooked beneath the knee joint of his uppermost leg for support as he tried to maintain his balance. In the end he just stopped trying, relying on his lover's strength and instincts. He closed his eyes and let J rock them both in a slow, languid rhythm, listening to the creaking of the mattress, the grunts and quietly-hissed obscenities.

In the intimacy of the dark, everything was drawn out, time unknowable. Bruce wondered idly how long they had been at it: maybe it was a few minutes, maybe half an hour... he didn't know or care. He could feel J's mouth open over his neck, the pressure of both sets of sharp eyeteeth digging into his skin as the other man let out a low, rumbling noise that was almost a growl – it was like mating with a barbary lion, Bruce thought to himself distractedly, suddenly trying very hard not to succumb to another fit of delirious laughter.

When the jaw spanning the side of his neck unlocked and lifted he felt the circling of a wet point of a tongue drawing circles over the indentations left behind. J raised himself on his elbow, snapping his hips faster, deeper; Bruce forgot how to open his eyes, to think, as he refocused on the point of pleasure where their bodies joined and separated, the relentless slide in and out of his body – and god why hadn't he remembered how good that felt – why had he even bothered with women? Maybe it had never felt like this before, maybe it was just because it was his cock; him everywhere, encircling him, penetrating him; his skin and sweat, hair and breath and voice. Bruce's hand brushed over his own shaft, lying taut and heavy against his belly. He moaned, so turned on, wondering if just J inside him, stimulating that sweet spot so relentlessly, would be enough or if he should...

"Yeah, touch yourself..." J urged, "I wanna, wanna see it."

Bruce did, trying to take it slowly, but finding that his hand sped up of its own accord, until it was mirroring J's rhythm.

"Yeah, yeeeah, that's so... fuck – Bruce, do you know how fucking sexy you are?"

What was he supposed to say to that? He didn't say anything, he just moaned again, suddenly much closer to orgasm; he could feel it within his reach, almost – that would take only the slightest push and he would tumble in. J sounded pretty far gone too, only able to articulate combinations of the monosyllables 'yeah', 'fuck' and 'Bruce'.

"So close..." Bruce huffed out, his voice so strained it was almost a sob as hand worked his shaft feverishly.

In response J bit down on his shoulder and worked his hips faster, the erratic, desperate cadence of his thrusts signaling that he too was on the home straight. Bruce beat him by a bare few seconds, his vision blacking out around the edges as he spiraled into orgasm, shuddering and bucking back the other's pelvis, hot, slippery-textured semen coating his fingers and stomach. J made a sound like someone over-acting a dying groan and flipped Bruce onto his front, overstimulating the other man's jangling nerve endings in a way which was either blindingly pleasurable or painful – sensations all having become fuzzy and indistinct for Bruce in the aftermath of his orgasm. J thrust in deeply a final time, twitching and surging, then let out a soft, fervent groan and sagged against Bruce's immobile form.

After a moment where Bruce thought he might possibly have lost consciousness, J cautiously withdrew and flopped onto his back. There followed a twilight period of some minutes where they both sprawled immobile and panting. Bruce rolled onto his side and lay with his knees up close to his chest, thinking that he should get up and wash, but feeling totally disinclined to move since his limbs all felt leaden and weighted down. His skin was flushed with a warm, pervasive glow and yet he shivered, wanting body heat and blankets – things which he was also forced to regard as unobtainable, requiring, as they did, coordinated movement on his part.

J moved first: Bruce heard the sound of feet hitting the floor and J's stumbling gait moving off to the bathroom. A minute later a damp washcloth hit Bruce in the face. He gave a grunt of displeasure and rolled onto his back to clean off his stomach. He supposed this was probably J's idea of being a considerate lover.

J bounced back onto the bed and tugged the kicked-back covers around them. The billionaire reached over, blindly searching for the other's hand; when he finally grasped it he entwined their fingers – not feeling sentimental, just requiring a point of re-connection after having been so caught up in the other's body. He was drifting toward sleep when J spoke again, offering an observation:

"Always knew you'd be good in the sack." Bruce heard the sound of the other man licking his lips and swallowing, "The uptight ones always are... all that repressed angeeer, I guess."

"By that logic, you should be terrible in bed. You never repress anything."

J ignored the wise-crack, adding conversationally: "Gotta say... you surprised me just now."

"Yeah?" Bruce finally managed to turn his head to look at the man lying next to him.

"Thought you'd be this domineering power top, you know?"

"Why?" Bruce licked his own dry lips, "because I think 'I'm the boss'?"

"Yeah, that. And you're kinda... tight-lee wound. Thought you'd put up a little... resistance to my, uh, advances just now..."

"Are you disappointed that I didn't?"

"Well, maybe I had fantasies which involved a little... coercion."

"Coercion?"

"Per-suasion, let's say..."

Bruce laughed, still breathless and a little light-headed. "You wanted me to struggle and say 'no'?"

"Mighta been fun." J's eyes slid sideways, catlike. "I like a challenge."

"Are you trying to say I'm 'easy'?"

"Oh, that's common knowledge. You're a slut, Wayne."

"How do you figure that?"

"Well... you're so hot for some, uh, action that you skip dinner and... cut right to it!" He drew down his eyebrows in a mock-serious expression: "lax, I call it."

Bruce smirked and looked over at the clock, surprised to find that only two hours had passed since J's arrival. "I did promise you dinner, didn't I?"

They got up and showered together. Bruce closed his eyes beneath the hot spray of water and let it wash away the remnants of the stupor induced by the drug as J's soapy hands slipped over his chest.

After they had dried off and dressed, Bruce went to start preparing dinner. J followed him and announced his intention of 'helping', although it turned out that his notion of what this entailed was to sit on the countertop, make himself gin-based cocktails and eat pimento-stuffed olives out of a jar.

When the meal was ready, J ate ravenously enough to satisfy Bruce's wondering over whether or not he liked it. Bruce tried to remind himself that they had had dinner together at least twenty times before, that the situation shouldn't feel weird. There was no reason for him to feel awkward when their knees brushed under the table.

As he returned to the kitchen to put the plates in the dishwasher, he heard the sound of a cry of triumph echoing through the penthouse. He looked out into the living room to see that J had opened the sliding doors to the balcony and discovered the hot tub. He watched the other man rolling back the slatted cover and then starting to throw off his clothes in the night air.

Bruce smiled and shook his head absently, then ducked back into the kitchen to collect the wine that J had brought and a pair of champagne flutes.

J smirked up and him as he slipped naked into the steaming, churning water. "Soooo, player – how many people can you get in here?"

"Fourteen is the record. It was kind of a tight fit, though." Bruce set down the bottle and glasses by the water's edge, then began removing his own clothes, intensely aware of J's gaze.

"Naked?"

Bruce laughed. "Bikinis."

An eyebrow cocked. "You included?"

"If that's what you want to imagine." Bruce slipped into the water and turned to open the champagne. He eased the cork from the bottleneck skillfully, so it made a soft sigh rather than a pop, then poured them each a glass and proffered one to J.

Bruce held up his glass and contemplated the pale gold, effervescent liquid. "I've never actually had Cristal before."

"No? How come?"

Bruce wrinkled his nose faintly. "I suppose because it's flashy and... parvenu."

J stuck the tip of his tongue out between his teeth. "So am I... what's your point?"

"Nothing... it's a good vintage." Bruce raised his glass. "So, you want to propose a toast?"

"To what? To, uh, absent friends? Your very good health? A maaaagical evening?"

"Whatever you want."

"To us?"

Bruce smiled, the playboy smile again, and dipped his gaze, inclining his glass so that it clinked softly against J's. J drank down half the flute's contents in one go and leaned in to give Bruce a lingering kiss that tasted of five hundred dollar champagne.

They lounged in the water until the wine was finished, their laughter spiraling upwards like the steam from the water's surface and drifting off into the stark night air. When J set his empty glass down by the tub's edge, his attention became drawn to the balcony itself.

"I bet you get a great view from up here."

Bruce watched him as he pulled away, leaning back and half swimming across the pool until he reached the other side and pulled himself up onto the decking. He padded across to the railing, his skin almost luminous and the moonlight bleaching out his scars. Bruce looked after him admiringly: he had the vitality and musculature of a figure from a Blake etching.

After a moment of observation, Bruce crossed the small pool and pulled himself out to join the other man in staring out at Gotham as it was laid out below.

"From this height we could spit on the entire city," J commented, leaning over and gesturing towards the lights of the streets forty floors below.

Bruce gave him an amused look, leaning on the balcony rail. "Why would we want to?"

J folded an arm across his shoulders and pulled the billionaire closer to himself. "Because, Bruce-o, you and me own this two-bit town."

Bruce reached up and took the strange, scarred face in his hands and felt J lean into him. He was no closer to understanding this apparently rootless man who had effectively hijacked his life, but he was becoming more and more enraptured with the mystery.