*fantasy based*

Toii woke up slowly, rolling to her stomach at first to try to keep the sunlight out of her still sensitive eyes.  The sun had shone in Freeport, but somehow in Qeynos it felt much brighter and more intense.  Though her people's eyesight had adjusted over the years to be able to tolerate sunshine, this harsh brightness was overwhelming when her vision was still adjusting from sleep.  An indigo skinned arm flopped over her face, her ivory hair tousled with sleep.  A soft moan escaped her as she went to climb off of her new bed, the newest addition to her apartment here.  Like any other girl her age, teir'dal, human, elf, or otherwise, she enjoyed owning new things, pretty things, and the contents of her room were starting to show that.  She had arrived here with little more than a small bit of coin and the clothes on her back, fulfilling a bargain she had made, one that she could have safely reneged on, she knew.  But even as a mere teenager, she had something which most grown teir'dal still hadn't acquired: a sense of honor.  She had expected to hate and resent Qeynos and its inhabitants.  She had looked upon all of this as merely an obligation, payment for services rendered and no more.  After all, Freeport had been her home all her life, it was where her roots were.  It was where her sister was.  And that, more than anything, was why she was here.  

Marii had gotten herself into trouble.  She had trusted the wrong people and had been sold into slavery, like a commoner.  Slavery did not happen to teir'dal.  When word reached Toii she knew she had no choice and left to try to save the girl herself.  Marii had only lived through thirteen Norrathian years, she was even younger than Toii, and the older girl felt bound to protect her sister.  After all, it was part of their culture.  No one got abandoned or left behind.  Even orphans were simply adopted by the other families, and raised alongside their own children.  As all teir'dal were Innoruuk's own Children, so they considered themselves all brother and sister, leaving no need for the pale ideal of parent and family.  All were part of one big family, with the adults caring for the children, no matter who they belonged to.  That's not to say that "sibling rivalry" didn't often turn bloody or deadly, because it did.  It was just their nature.  When you call the Prince of Hate "Father" a certain amount of viciousness and malice is to be expected, even encouraged.  And a teir'dal child grew up learning many proverbs that outlined this, such as "Jal khaless zhah waela" (All Trust is foolish) and "Nindyn vel'uss kyorl nind ratha thalra elghinn dal lil alust" (Those who watch their backs often meet death from the front).  Apparently, Marii hadn't been paying attention.

So Toii had found herself out of Freeport and in over her head, quite literally--being carried down a quickly flowing stream by the weight of her armor, and nearly under it, before a strong arm yanked her out.  Her rescuer was a dwarf, a stocky, stern looking fellow, who didn't bother to introduce himself before he tore into her.  "Of all the stupid things... what in the hell were ye doin' in the river, girl?!  And in yer armor, no less!  Do ye want to drown?"  Overwhelmed, the girl burst into tears, quite out of character for a good teir'dal, and blubbered out the whole story.  This dwarf got the idea that this sobbing child was not exactly the murderous monster that most teir'dal were made out to be.. She simply didn't have a bloodthirsty look about her.  Seeing the chance to both "save" this girl, and benefit from her situation himself, he quickly formulated a plan.

"I can help ye, lass.  But there ain't nothin' in this world for free and ye best be learnin' it now."  The delicately built dark elf had to look down at him, but not by much.  Still, it gave the impression of her looking down her nose, and he scowled.  Part of him didn't want to actually help the girl, urging him simply to take what he wanted and leave her there, but his sense of honor, as meager as it was, stopped him.  That and the satisfaction of knowing how much more humiliating it would be for her to have made the choice, rather than having been forced into it.  "I will free yer sister, lass.  But how do ye intend on payin' for my services?"

Toii stuttered for a moment, her eyes wide, before her whole body drooped.  "I have little in the way of coin, sir. My dalninil and I make our own way now, alone.  Please, you can naut just leave her, she is a child!"  Her whole demeanor spoke of her hopelessness--bowed shoulders, tears shimmering in her ice blue eyes.  The bedraggled bangs dripping into her eyes just added to the pitiful sight.  The dwarf was noticing other things however--how the leather breastplate she was wearing clung to her soaking wet, the curve of her hip and her full lips.  Ah yes, he would enjoy taking his fee from this girl.

"Then I shall rescue yer sister, but the cost is yerself.  Ye will be my slave and do as I wish."  He licked his lips eagerly.  Her shocked reaction was priceless as she recoiled back from him.  She searched his face, as if wondering if he was serious, then he could almost see the wheels in her brain turning as she tried to think of how she could possibly use him and get out of this situation somehow.   The little dark elf must not realize how clearly her thoughts are expressed on her face, he thought wickedly.  Innocent, this one.  She should be enjoyable to break.

She finally nodded and stretched out her hand.  "I am Toii... Toii Inlul'Saruk.  If you save my sister, I shall give you my word that I will do as you ask."

He laughed and grasped her hand, his work-roughened hand engulfing her delicate one.  "Aye, that ye will, girl, that ye will.  Tagren Battlefist, at yer service.  Though very soon, ye shall be at mine."  He slowly perused her figure, from head to toe.  She squirmed slightly in discomfort under his gaze.  "Return to Freeport, and pack yer things.  Prepare to leave as soon as I return, girl, and do not even think about changin' yer mind.  I will have yer sister with me until ye prove yer honor."

Toii returned home, her mind racing over what she had promised.  His slave? To do what?  The girl was mostly innocent, but living in Longshadow she had seen more than she wished to of the things that go on between a man and a woman.  But he was a dwarf. Surely he wouldn't expect...

Everything in Freeport suddenly took on a different light, the young dark elf trying to accept that all too soon she would lose both her home and her freedom.  Her life hadn't been carefree in some time--taking on the responsibility for oneself and a young sister in a city such as this had a tendency to make one grow up a bit--but it had been her own.  Would he expect her to be a drudge, performing household chores?  Would she be a soldier, continuing on in her calling, but in his service and not her city's? And what would her life be like in Qeynos?  She had heard horror stories of the place, of the treatment a teir'dal could expect there.  She went about her day to day tasks in a daze, and handled what she could of the plans for her departure, arranging for people she had met to watch over Marii.  Leaving her little sister behind would be the hardest part, but Marii would at least be free.  She hadn't bartered herself to simply bring the girl with her into her own bondage.  Toii's nights were filled with nightmares and she woke often, the uncertainty of the future weighing on her.  And all too soon, she received a message.

The note was short and succinct, delivered by a young human boy.  She was instructed to meet him in the Thieves' Way as a sign of good faith before she was given her further instructions. Packing what meager belongings she planned to take with her, she headed down into the sewers at the appointed hour.  Tagren was already there waiting, a wicked smirk curling his thin lips, barely visible under the thick beard most dwarves sported.  She took the time to really look at him this time, noting his stocky frame, obviously almost solid muscle under the armor he wore.  His face bore signs of age, but dwarves could live hundreds of years or more.  His beard and short cropped hair were a deep russet, only the faintest signs of grey visible among the thick growth.  He was giving her just as much of an inspection,looking her up and down in a manner that made her flinch away slightly.  Her face still bore some of the baby fat of a young girl, slightly rounded, though with striking high cheekbones and full lips.  Her skin was a deep indigo blue, her eyes such a pale crystal blue they almost shone like diamonds, wide-set and almond shaped.  Although her face still held the shape of youth, her body was already tightly toned, thanks to the calling she had followed--that of the warrior.

When he spoke, his voice was gruff and abrupt. "Disrobe."

She gasped, certain she had heard him wrong.  "Wha--"

"I said disrobe, girl.  I own ye now and wish to see my property."  Tears trembled on her lashes as she slowly started to pull her armor off, piece by piece, her hands shaking and clumsy.  His face looked hard and forbidding. "Quickly now, before I decide ye're not worth it an' keep yer sister instead."  All too soon she stood nude before him, her whole body flushed deep purple in shame and anger.  She held her hands fisted at her sides to keep from trying to cover herself, somehow she knew he would not like that.

He was tall for a dwarf, and teir'dal were tiny anyway, Toii being on the small side for her race, so she was only a few inches taller than he.  His stockiness more than made up for her height advantage, the bulk of his muscles a marked contrast to her lithe, toned limbs. He stepped forward now so that they were only a few inches apart, and began to run his rough hands over her bare skin, inspecting every inch.  She clenched her hands tighter and tried to control the trembling of her body, her eyes closing to try to block out the sight of his hands on her.  She felt his attention move to her small, firm breasts, his fingers grasping the nipples and squeezing them almost painfully, then rolling them between his thumbs and forefingers.  She whimpered softly, and felt a strange ache begin deep between her thighs, followed by a rush of moisture. She clamped her legs tighter together in embarrassment, praying for this to be over quickly.  He scowled slightly.   "Spread your legs, girl.  Don't ever try to hide yourself from me."  His voice was gruff and thick with an emotion she didn't recognize.

She moved her legs a tiny bit apart, trying desperately to control the strange moisture between her legs, her color deepening even more.  He thrust his hand between her thighs, forcing her to spread them wider, one of his thick fingers sliding against her tiny slit, feeling the dampness there, a satisfied grin curling his lips.  He rubbed the finger against her folds, slowly pushing it into her, the dark elf girl flinching as she felt someone else's hand on her pussy for the first time.  She rarely even touched herself there except to clean herself.  His finger pushed into her tight slit, the moist flesh stretching around him, as he felt for the proof of her innocence.  She moaned low in her throat, a combination of discomfort and surprised pleasure, her pussy rewarding his questing hand with a gush of moisture.  When his finger reached her hymen he stopped, rubbing against it slightly, but careful not to break it.  He'd save that pleasure for later.  He pulled his finger out of her, rubbing it over her lips, her musky juices smearing over her mouth so that she couldn't help but taste herself.  She jerked away slightly, her cheeks turning a deep, deep purple in shame.  "On your knees, Toii."

She dropped to her knees, looking up at him uncertainly, shuddering slightly at the feel of the slimy ground beneath her.  She made sure to hold her lower body up away from the ground, her knees and feet the only parts of her to touch the sewer floor.  In this position she was staring straight at his waist, her eyes widening as he started to remove his armor, exposing his heavily muscled frame to her.  Once his heavy armor was removed, he untied the flap on his leggings, pulling them down slightly, unveiling thighs thickly corded with muscle...and his erection.  His was the first cock she had ever seen and her eyes widened, wondering how something that thick and long could ever fit inside a woman, when his finger had felt as if it were stretching her open. She felt almost faint for a moment, breathing shallowly as she prayed he didn't mean to put that inside of her.

One of his hands moved to her long hair, pulled back into its customary knot, and tangled in it,pulling her face closer to him.  The other hand wrapped around his cock, aiming it towards her face, rubbing it over her cheeks, a few drops of precum oozing out, leaving her sticky. "Open your mouth, girl.  I'm in the mood to try out me new toy...Toii, get it?"  He laughed coarsely at his own joke, pushing his cock against her full lips.  When her mouth didn't open fast enough, the hand fisted in her hair yanked hard, her mouth opening on a gasp of pain and his cock forcing its way inside.  "I best not feel any teeth, girl.  Suck on it now.  Use yer lips and tongue on me."

She looked up at him uncertainly, her mouth stretched wide around his erection.  Slowly she started to suck on him, her tongue moving tentatively against the thick cock in her mouth.  She flinched for a second when he began to pull her hair, pushing her mouth up and down his length, her hands gripping his thighs and pushing back in panic when he pushed her too deep onto him, gagging her.  "Ye'll learn to take all of me, girl, but I guess I can go easy yer first time.  Move yer head like that. Suck harder, or I'll stretch one of yer other holes.."

She looked up at him in genuine fear this time, the thought of his huge cock in her tiny pussy terrifying her, not even wanting to think about what other hole he could mean.  She began to move her head up and down his length on her own, sucking against him with more energy, desperate to avoid what she knew would be a painful experience.  Her tongue began to run up and down the length of his shaft, licking delicately at him.  As she swallowed him a little deeper each time, he started to moan softly, his hips pushing against her mouth slightly.  The moisture between her legs came back as she felt him thrusting against her, that strange ache starting to build again, down where his finger had pushed into her.  "Mmmm, that's it girl.  Ol' Tagren's gonna have a treat for ye soon, keep sucking..."

He began to take over the motion, his hand in her hair holding her head still as his hips started to thrust against her face, still careful not too push so deep she panicked, her innocent mouth still sucking hungrily at him, her lips and tongue caressing his cock, trying desperately to please him.  He grinned wickedly at the sight of the tiny dark elf on her knees in front of him, her mouth stretched almost obscenely by his thick dwarven cock.  The sight of her came close to sending him over the edge and he muttered gruffly at her.  "Breathe through yer nose, girl, and relax.  Tagren's got a treat for ye.  Ye best swallow it all, or else!"  He thrust deeply one more time, nearly pushing into her throat as her eyes widened in panic, her hands pushing against him.  He held her firm as his balls tightened, then started spurting cum down her throat, the girl unable to swallow because his thick cock was blocking her, choking on him as he thrust against her a few final times before pulling back and allowing her to breathe.

Toii choked and swallowed, his cum dripping out of the sides of her mouth, the white standing out against her indigo skin and dripping down her chin.  She dropped to her hands and knees, gasping for breath.  "I said to swallow it all, girl.  Ye best lick up what is on yer lips and chin.  Ye wouldn't want to disappoint me..."  Almost sobbing, she obeyed him wordlessly, her pale blue eyes staring up at him in confusion.  "Good girl.  Ye can get dressed now."

The rest of her journey from Freeport was uneventful, or as uneventful as leaving her home could possibly be.  Before they had left Freeport, he had let her say goodbye to her sister, the two girls hugging and clinging tightly to each other, before dragging her off to Qeynos.  Toii was still in a state of shock over what had happened, and spent the first part of their journey jumping whenever he touched her, nervous that he would want to do that again.. or even more. By the time they had travelled through the dark dangerous forest of Nektulos, where threatening creatures seemed to loom behind every tree, and boarded the boat to the Thundering Steppes, she had started to relax her guard...

She was introduced to his household once they arrived in Qeynos, and given her own space, a small bed in one corner of the large apartment.  His wife was kind but distant, his friends looked her over as if she was a tasty morsel, and the girl grew even more uncomfortable.  No one touched her or said anything rude to her however, and after a time she could almost pretend she had imagined that incident in the Freeport sewers.

For the first couple of weeks she had been jumpy, nervous... certain that any moment he would choose to exact his payment--her virginity.  Instead, Tagren took her under his wing, regaining her trust, training her in the ways of the warrior, even asking her to adopt the dark elf word for father with him: ilharn.  She quickly learned to adore this dwarf who had taken her in and seemed to be her only friend, the memory of that day growing even more distant and hazy.  When she attained the title of Guardian, he gifted her with a special surprise: her own apartment, and an allowance to decorate it as she chose.  She gave him a key without thinking, her trust and dependance upon him that strong.

Toii quickly filled her apartment with pretty things, her girlish nature stirred by the excitement of pretty bedding and candles and flowers in vases.  Tagren became a constant fixture at her little home, bringing food and sitting with her for hours, chatting about everything and nothing.  Her 16th Name Day was approaching, and she had told him.  He told her he had a very special surprise planned, a gift that he knew she would enjoy.

A cake and a beautiful tunic and leggings were delivered to her apartment first thing that morning by the Innkeep. He told her that they were from her "father," as she often referred to Tagren.  She dressed quickly in the soft fabric, relishing the feel of silk rather than cold armor against her skin, her toned and muscular body shown to its best advantage in the soft fabric.  She couldn't help but think how she had matured, her hips and breasts filling out slightly, since he had seen her in Freeport.  Angry at herself for bringing up the memory, she walked to her mirror, pulling her thick, wavy ivory hair up in a style similar to her usual knot, but with wisps softening the look all around her face.  Finally she looked grown up... her Ilharn would be so proud.

Tagren arrived, his hands empty, but then he had already sent her the red silk outfit she wore, and a delicious looking cake that now graced her tiny table along with candles and a bottle of sparkling orange wine.  She threw herself into his arms, kissing his cheek in gratitude and hugging him tightly.  "Bel'la dos, Papa! I love it!"

The rugged-looking dwarf smiled up at her, an odd glint in his eyes. "Ahh, my Toii.. that outfit was not yer present, girl.  It looks right good on ye though."  As he stepped back, his hand brushed her ass and she shivered for a moment, an uncomfortable feeling hitting her before she shook her head and smiled down at him. 

"I waited for you before I tasted the cake... I wanted us to share it." She took a step towards the table, but his steely hand grabbed her arm, halting her in her tracks.  She looked back at him questioningly, that flicker of unease returning full force.

"Ye've grown up quite nice, lass. Ye're a woman now, with a woman's needs, aye?  It's time."

She looked at him blankly, not sure what he was saying.  Suddenly, his expression turned cold and distant, the stranger who had molested her in the Freeport sewers back in full force.  Tears welled up in her eyes a moment but she blinked them back, staring at him mutely.

"Take off yer clothes, girl."

She obeyed him slowly, her crystal blue eyes turning dark with pain and shame.  His patience wore thin and he grasped the material of her pretty new top, tearing it down the middle as she flinched.  The red silk dropped to the floor in tatters, and she stood still as a statue, refusing to give in to the urge to hide or cover herself.  A solitary tear escaped her eye but she didn't move, not even to wipe it away.  Her pants were dispatched the same way as the top, ruined scraps of material pooling around her feet.

Her eyes flicked down towards him, an act which infuriated him all the more.  At least the teir'dal wench hadn't grown in height, so she wasn't really that much taller than he... in fact, she stood only a few inches over him.  Her figure had filled out a bit, though she was still slimmer than his usual fare.  Her breasts were high and round, topped with tiny nipples only a few shades darker than her skin. Her body was smooth and hairless, unlike the women of his race, and he licked his lips in anticipation. Her thighs were pressed tight together, as if trying to protect her pussy from his view. Not to worry, he'd do much more than look in a moment. 

Toii stayed completely silent, refusing to open her mouth. For all she knew, begging him to stop would only spur him on, or incite him into a fury. This was the price she had expected to pay, but it was made all the more cruel by how insidiously he had gained her trust and manipulated her. A soft breeze blew against her bare skin and she shivered softly, her nipples hardening from the cool breeze. His eyes moved to her breasts and stayed there, staring, then he stepped forward, placing one beefy arm behind her back and bending her slightly backwards, his body leaning over hers, his mouth moving straight for one of her nipples. Her hands were fisted, the nails digging into her palms in an effort to keep from fighting back, her eyes fixated on the far wall. His tongue flicked out lightly, brushing over her nipple, swirling around the areola, before he took her breast in his mouth, lips sucking roughly on her untouched flesh. She flinched then moaned softly, the sensation somewhere between pain and a new kind of pleasure... one she hadn't felt before. How something could both hurt and feel good, she didn't understand, but it did. His teeth closed gently at first around her nipple, the fingers on his free hand playing with her other breast, pinching the nipple almost cruelly between them. He increased the pressure on both until she sobbed from the pain, her knees growing weak for an instant.

She sagged, reaching for his shoulders to support her, but he shoved her hands away roughly, then pushed her towards the bed, her body ending up face down on the covers, her feet dragging the ground. She tensed and moved to turn over, but his hand slammed down on her back, holding her in place. "I've been patient with ye, girl. I gave ye time to get used to it here, time to adjust. Now I want what ye said ye would give me when I rescued that little brat--your obedience. And more importantly, your body." He laughed shortly, his body pressed up against her back now, leaning over the bed. "Did you really think all I'd want was a teir'dal bitch to call me Papa? Or some silly little whore that thinks she's a warrior? You're nothing but this.." He grabbed her pussy roughly, a gasp of pain and humiliation escaping her. "That is the only thing you have of worth, girl. You best learn it now." 

She fought to control the shaking in her voice as she answered. "Yes sir." 

He laughed again, the sound easily as malicious as the ones she had heard in Freeport as prisoners were brought to the Executioners Plaza. "What was that, toy? What happened to 'Papa'?" 

Some measure of defiance she didn't know she had took hold of her tongue. "You are naut my Papa.. you're nauthing but a sick bastard. I hate you!" A rough hand tangled in her hair, yanking her head back viciously to look up at him, her neck twisted painfully. 

"I'm the only one you have, girl. You can't survive without me anymore. They despise you here, haven't you noticed? No one will help you...Now, apologize and tell your Papa how much you love him..." His grip on her hair tightened and she sobbed again, feeling some of her hair come loose in his hand. "Do it, or I'll see your sister gets found by the ones who had 'er before." His usually gruff and hearty voice was low, deadly. 

"I.. I love you, P..papa.." The words were low, inaudible, the teenager limp beneath him. Silent tears ran down her face, her teeth digging into her lower lip hard enough to draw blood. She felt his hand push between her legs again, pushing into her virginal slit, her body completely dry and his finger stretching her painfully. Suddenly his voice softened, his hand in her hair letting go and petting her gently, soothingly. The hand between her legs switching from invading to caressing. 

"Poor baby, you're so confused, aren't you? So frightened? It's alright, little girl. Papa's here, you just have to be a good girl for him. I don't want to hurt you, baby, but you have to relax and help me.. " 

Toii lay beneath him, her eyes closed, shock and confusion almost making her dizzy. From hurting her to this... he continued murmuring gently in her ear, the long hair of his beard sliding softly over her back, the hand on her hair moving to her ear, caressing the tip almost lovingly. The traumatised girl didn't know what to do, her mind almost shutting down as her body reacted to the man who had earned her trust and devotion over the past year, only to rip it away in one brutal moment. Her legs relaxed slightly, his finger caressing her pussy lips gently, stroking softly, the feeling unlike anything she'd ever experience. She felt an ache start, centered deep inside her, her flesh tingling everywhere he touched. An involuntary moan escaped her. 

She felt the odd moisture between her thighs again, and tried to tighten them, to hide it, but his hand stayed where it was, her legs forced to stay open by his beefy arm. A flush covered her face, suffusing it with healthy color, her shocked pallor finally receding. She gasped as she felt the finger once again push inside her, expecting more of the pain of his earlier invasion, but this time her wetness eased his way, his finger sliding in just past his first knuckle before he felt the proof of her innocence again. "Still intact, my toy? Good girl... Papa is pleased with you." 

Tagren slid a second finger into her, nearly moaning himself at how tight she was, her tiny pussy obviously untouched by any but him. He started to stretch her gently, not so much for her comfort as for his.. if she didn't loosen up a bit, she might be tight enough to rub him raw, even with her pussy lubricating nicely for him. Plus, he didn't want to break her too badly, he was sure to get plenty of use out of her. He waited for her to relax beneath him almost completely, soft sounds of pleasure starting to escape her, her body overwriting her fear of him for the moment... then he shoved his fingers in deep, ripping through her hymen in one vicious push, dropping his chest down on her back at the same time to prevent her from fighting or trying to squirm away. 

Toii screamed loudly, her voice raw, the sudden pain yet another shock to her system after how soft and gentle he had just been touching her. Her eyes flew open, the crystal blue even brighter with terror, her soft moans turning into sobs again. His weight nearly crushed her, keeping her from moving at all as he pushed his thick fingers in completely, her pussy struggling to adjust, the muscles trying to push him out.



