Disclaimer: I do not own Yu-Gi-Oh or Dragonheart, they belong to their respective owners. I do, however, own bits of the plot.

Warning: Slight amount of blood.

Chapter Eight: Separation

Although it seemed so dark that night,
There was a speck of hope, of light. 

Mahad stared at the back wall of the shack, barely aware of the food that Ryou was shoving at him. He refused to look anywhere but at the wall, misery slowing his thought process. Finally, after hours of silence, Mahad leaned forward and resting his forehead against his one good hand, the other held close to his chest by a sling, and let out a soft moan. He had failed spectacularly. He had failed the people by being unable to kill the king. He had failed himself by once again casting himself into the world as a useless knight. He had failed Aislinn by being unable to protect her son.

Most of all, he had failed Yugi.

He choked back a sob at the thought, the images never leaving his head. He shut his eyes, events still playing behind his closed eyelids.

Yugi getting his wrists grabbed and pulled above his head, the sword falling out of his hands. Gozaburo walking up behind Yugi and driving his sword through Yugi's heart. Yugi collapsing on the ground. Bleeding. Dying.

It was even worse knowing that the dragon had been right.

The dragon had said that the attack would never work; it had said that the attack would be suicidal. And it had been right. It had been able to get to Yugi faster in the end. It had been able to protect Yugi better than Mahad ever could, even to the point of shoving Mahad away. The dragon had held Yugi's attention while Mahad was forced to the background, a place that he wasn't comfortable with. It forced him to remember the last time Yugi had come to him with his problems, halting the thoughts when it brought up the image of a happy smile and sparkling amethyst eyes.

It would have been better if Bakura hadn't dragged him out of the chaos that the dragon had caused. He would have been preferred an honorable death after his prince than live on knowing the true depths of his shame. Now he had nothing but a title that meant nothing, a sword, a horse and a broken arm. Nothing that really mattered anymore.

Mahad looked down at the stale bread in his lap before picking the food up and standing, swaying as his head pounded. He ignored the pain, trying to head back to where he had tied his horse. The knight stopped when Ryou stood up and resting a hand on his uninjured arm, looking over his shoulder at the younger man. The expected question was never voiced, Mahad not trusting his voice. Ryou nodded to himself, seeming to decide something. "Where are you going?"

"Away." He wasn't bothered by the ambiguity of the statement. He would just risk the direction that his horse took, probably heading back to his home in the north. He had no lands of his own like the other knights, just the job of protecting the prince. He could return and help his father with the manor and people, somewhere that would keep him away from anyone that had known him while he was here. Mahad rolled his shoulder, the poet releasing him with the motion.

"But it would make more sense for us to stick together. You can't defend yourself like this."

"I don't care." Mahad walked on, hearing Ryou begin to shout his name before the poet was stopped. The knight didn't have to look back to know that the thief had halted his lover, and he was glad of the action. He didn't want to be followed and his horrible mistakes written down for the rest of the world to remember for eternity.

He walked faster, almost walking into a blonde man as he stepped out of a shack, the younger man escorting a familiar girl out into the open. Mahad paused at the familiar face, meeting the tear-stained blue eyes. He took a step back as the girl pulled away from her companion and stood in front of him.

"Is it true?" He nodded and quickly walked away, nearly running when he reached the horses. He fumbled with the reins, pulling his brown horse away from the others and scrambling up into the saddle. He turned the horse quickly and gave it a harsh kick. The animal started into a gallop, heading north towards the old castle and up into the rainy country. He leaned over the horse's neck, flinching at the sound of the whinny from Yugi's palomino back in the village. He twitched his reins as his own horse tried to respond, urging it to a faster pace. But even the wind that whipped past him couldn't wipe the images from his eyes.

Bakura led Ryou back to the horses, keeping a strong hold on the poet's wrist to keep him from dashing after the knight. He glared at his lover before tossing him up onto Thoth's back and untying the reins before leading the mule off. The thief paused once, shaking his head at his own foolishness before rushing back to untie the palomino before jumping into the saddle and turning the horse after the mule, who wasn't listening to Ryou's frantic attempts to move it forward. Bakura smiled and leaned down to regain his hold on the reins, leading Thoth away. He looked at the poet out of the corner of his eye, snorting as Ryou scrambled around in the saddle. "Sit still, he doesn't like that!"

"But-"

"That knight has no idea what he is doing. You won't get anything out of him, Ryou." Bakura pulled on the reins, encouraging Thoth to lumber up and stay with the palomino horse. "He's going to hide from the world. It's what his kind does when something like this happens!"

"What else can you do when something like this happens?" The outburst reminded how much Bakura didn't know about Ryou. He stared down at the poet, suddenly wondering where he had come from. He was obviously from some noble family or profession that required learning written letters. And his usual tendency toward polite conversation and behavior was a big indicator that he was once part of that noble caste, but Bakura had never noticed it as that before. He had always thought it was a quirk. He turned his eyes away to look at the road before them.

"You carry on as best you can, because lying down and wishing that you were dead too won't do anything."

"But what if you can't?"

Once again, Bakura found himself staring at Ryou, wishing that he knew more about his lover. He shrugged, making sure to keep eye contact this time. "You force yourself to. Eventually, you won't be able to feel the pain. It's the only thing you can do. Running away only means that the problem is still there, following you."

Ryou looked abruptly away, meaning the Bakura had hit a nerve. The thief was tempted to pull up the horse and force Ryou to talk, wanting to learn more about the past that Ryou was obviously referencing. The brown eyed man stared back at him before giving a harsh shrug, the motion calling the conversation to a close. Bakura dropped his eyes, giving Ryou his own space as he turned to look down the road.

With the conversation over, his mind began to work on the next step. They were bound to be noticed, both sporting distinctive white hair. And there was no hope that Gozaburo would have mercy on them as they had tried to kill him. If anything, the king would squeeze even more out of the peasants, making it impossible for Bakura to ask anything of them. He had come from stock like this and understood what fear could do to people. He would not ask them to do such things.

So, that left them with the only option of getting out of the kingdom before Gozaburo got the chance to do anything. Bakura scowled at the thought of running, his gut instinct telling him to stay in the valley between the hills. Surrounding them were small kingdoms, where the leader and the rest of the people existed in equal squalor, meaning that there was no chance for him to practice his profession. If they traveled even further out they reached the edge of Bakura's knowledge, the thief having never ventured into the plains or scrubland that surrounded them to the south.

If they stayed, then they would have to hide in the forest and depend on their wits to keep them safe or find a place where they couldn't be found. The more he thought over this new idea, the more he liked the sound of it. He tilted his head to the side as he turned the thought over in his head. There had to be plenty of places that Gozaburo wouldn't look for them or places where knights would never dare to go on their own. Someplace where it would be easy to defend…

Bakura quickly turned the horse toward the pine forest, searching for the path they had taken up to the waterfall where they had first met the dragon. No knight would be willing to go back there with the dragon's reputation and most would assume that he was still there. They would be safe and, Bakura couldn't believe that he actually was considering it, Ryou would be able to continue his story.

The thief ducked his head as they entered the forest, the fragrant scent of the pines assaulting him. Bakura snorted and leaned forward, narrowing his eyes as he peered through the trees. He looked over at Ryou, surprised to see the poet pulling himself out of one of his funks. Usually they would last for hours, maybe a day, as he sorted through whatever past the poet was struggling through. He looked up at Bakura with worried brown eyes. "What are you doing?"

"We're hiding in plain sight. Believe me, it works." Bakura let go of Thoth's reins as they moved around a small sapling, his eyes widening as he spotted the narrow path that they would have to climb. Somehow, it had seemed easier before. But he had been on the ground and leading a mule, not on a flighty horse. His hands tightened on the reins for an instant before the urged the palomino in front of the mule, flinching as the horse stumbled as it stepped on the rocky path. When he felt that the animal was less likely to send them both plummeting to their death, he turned to smile back at Ryou. "Besides, you want to continue that tale of yours."

"Is it even fair since the prince is dead?"

"He'll stay that way then."

Ryou blinked once before his face twisted in confusion, the sight very endearing. "But…he's dead."

Bakura wanted to curse the gods for getting him stuck with this poet. He shook his head, surprised to feel a smile pulling at the corner of his mouth. Apparently, he enjoyed the curse of the poet's dense moments. The thief shoved the sentimentality to the side. "Immortalized in word and verse. I believe you said that once."

He didn't need to turn around to see that Ryou's eyes had widened in comprehension. He felt the gaze of the poet turn away as Ryou focused his gaze on the sky, probably already planning out the next events of his poem. With the poet's silence taken care of, Bakura returned to his frantic clinging to the saddle, glaring at the space between the palomino's ears.

Seto held out an arm to stop Kisara, his eyes narrowing as he glared at his father. Gozaburo gave him a content smile from his place at the head of the table in the great hall. Seto hesitated for a moment before giving Kisara a gentle shove back into the corridor. He didn't want her around when he confronted his father about the night before. She didn't move for a moment, making him think that he would have to order her away, but then she was gone, silently slipping into the shadows. He turned his head slightly to watch her go, most of his attention focused on his father.

He stepped into the great hall, crossing his arms across his chest and glaring at the king, who was still smiling at him. Seto raised an eyebrow and sat down in the chair across from Gozaburo, tired of waiting for a reaction. "What happened last night?"

Gozaburo waved off his question, finally looking down at the cup that was in front of him. "A minor skirmish, nothing more."

"Then why was I not allowed to help?" Seto prevented himself from showing any emotion other than the raised eyebrow. "When I went to the door to go and help, I was rushed here with the rest of the women and children."

"A mere precaution."

"I saw the courtyard this morning." That got a reaction out of his father, the man choking on his wine as he looked up at Seto. Their eyes met for a moment before Gozaburo finally looked away. Seto snorted in distaste. "It was littered with bodies, most of them torn apart, broken on the ground or burnt to a crisp. That was no minor skirmish last night. Now, I'll ask you again, what happened last night?"

"Does it really matter?" Gozaburo was looking at the dark wine in his cup, gently twirling the it in his fingers. "We were victorious in the end. Nothing else matters."

Seto leaned forward, slamming his palms onto the table. "What if they come back? What then, father? Will we lose more of our men to a 'minor skirmish'?"

"They won't return, I can assure of that." Gozaburo gave a slow smile at made Seto shiver. He looked away for a moment, not wanting to look at his father at the moment. With a long sigh, Seto turned his gaze back, relieved to see that the smile was completely gone from his father's face.

"Tell me then how you can do that."

"We killed Yugi." Seto almost collapsed at the offhand way that his father informed him of the news. His hands gripped the edge of the table, knuckles turning white as he stared at the floor. Seto blinked slowly, the information still processing in his mind. Yugi. His little cousin. No, it couldn't happen.

Seto took a deep breath, gritting his teeth as he looked back up at his father. He shifted his stance so he was leaning threateningly over the king, nearly growling as he spoke. "You cannot be serious."

"You will find, Seto, that I am." Gozaburo casually tossed his sword to the surface of the table, the iron blade clattering as it hit the wood. Seto's eyes were drawn to the large red stain that ran over most of the surface of the blade, eyes widening in horror. One hand cautiously reached out for the sword before he jerked it back to its place gripping the front of the table. His father raised an eyebrow at the movement before motioning with the hand that held the cup. "I didn't clean it so you would believe me. I stabbed him right through the heart. Now there's no more competition for the throne."

Seto barely heard the last part, pushing away from the table as his mask of indifference shattered. His own father had killed Yugi, the one he considered a brother, even after years of separation. And he had thoughtfully planned out how to tell Seto of Yugi's demise, even to the point of presenting him with the sword that had ended his cousin's life.

He wasn't sure if he wanted to cry or kill Gozaburo, but the latter choice was slowly gaining precedence.

He forced himself to stand upright, glaring at the sword before snatching it from the table and walking over to the doors that lead to the courtyard. Hearing his father chuckle from behind him, Seto yanked open the doors and tossed the weapon to the first stable boy that was walking past. "Clean this. I don't want a single speck of blood left on it when you are done."

The boy gave a quick bow and scurried off. Seto turned around, slamming the doors behind him and storming back to glare at his father. Gozaburo just chuckled at his son's antics, raising his cup to his lips to take a drink. "That won't help the situation one bit."

Seto snarled and knocked the cup from his father's grip, sending the gilt object crashing into the wall and letting the wine spill to the floor. Gozaburo tapped his fingers on the table before standing up, glaring at his son. "You let your emotions control you."

"He was my cousin!" Seto didn't care that he was out of control for once. He hadn't let his mask slip when Mokuba had died, or when his mother had died, following his father's example. He had even held back his anger when Gozaburo had killed Aislinn, Kisara taking up most of his attention. But this was one time he was not going to allow himself to hold back. It was Yugi! "He was like my brother, and you killed him!"

"As long as he lived he was going to incite rebellion."

"Do the peasants look like they can rebel? Yugi was harmless, he wouldn't have encouraged them to rebel if the cost was too high! He would have been content to sit back and let you rule!" Seto kept his mouth open for a second longer before snapping it shut, finding he had nothing left to say to his father. He turned around, intending to storm back up into his room. He jerked his shoulder out of the grip that his father had on him, earning a glare from Gozaburo.

"You forget that I do this for our line. Remember that, Seto."

He brushed off his father's words and stormed back up to his room, beginning to pace the floor as he waited for Kisara's reappearance from wherever she had gone. They needed to talk about their plans for the future instead of avoiding the subject. They needed to work in the fact that Yugi would never come back and take the strain of the throne away from them and gather together loyal forces. Seto wasn't going to sit back and let his father get away with Yugi's murder.

Seto stared down at the desk on one side of his room, the piece of furniture having been moved to his private rooms when he could no longer stand the chance that he would meet his father while he was working on keeping the kingdom in order. He walked over and stared down at the pieces of paper that littered the surface, the move having disturbed his usually clean state. As he stared at the wood and paper, he knew that he had to find Mahad.

Their old mentor and protector would join their side, eager to help kill the one who had killed their prince. Mahad could also help where Seto's knowledge of strategy and the populace was splotchy. Between the two of them, they could find a way to wrestle the kingdom out of Gozaburo's grasp. And then…

Seto reeled, leaning against the desk as he realized what a rebellion would mean. He would have to take the throne, a throne that he never thought would belong to him. The throne that he would never feel belonged to him. It would always be Yugi's throne and Yugi's crown, not his. His father had stolen it from his cousin and Seto was taking it in memory of his cousin. He rubbed his temples as the thoughts began to rush around in his head, realizing that he had been referring to his cousin in the past tense.

He walked over his bed and flopped down onto it, resting an arm over his eyes. He resigned himself to waiting for Kisara, suddenly needing the comfort that she offered to him. Suddenly, he didn't want to stand on his own.

Kisara slipped out through a side door, holding up a hand to her mouth as she crossed the courtyard to where Akhnamkanon was chained down. The black dragon rolled an eye to look at her before sighing, the chains rattling with the motion. She took her hand away from her face to give him a smile, noticing the slight burn marks on his scales. At least there was some life back in the old dragon's eyes.

"You've come out here to ask what went on last night."

She nodded, one hand holding the fabric of her dress slightly off the ground. "I heard Atem."

Akhnamkanon sighed, eyes shifting away from her. "He was here. He was working with the few people who wanted to overthrown Gozaburo. But…" He trailed off for a moment, his eyes darting to one corner of the castle. Kisara tried to look around him, but Akhnamkanon simply shook his head. "I'm afraid that he will become like you, willing to give up everything."

"But I-"

"Not that I think that is wrong." Akhnamkanon hastily amended his statement, looking sheepish for the first time that Kisara could remember. The dragon shifted, looking up at the sky. "No, I shouldn't think that is wrong, especially with what I've done to myself to keep him safe from what fate awaits him. But I can't help but worry, because he will have made the same mistake I have."

"What mistake?" When the dragon was silent, Kisara moved closer. His words had increased her worry for her friend. She jumped at the snort that came from Akhnamkanon, realizing that the black dragon was crying. She knelt by his head, resting one hand on his muzzle as she waited for him.

"Kisara, he was so thin when I saw him. And I've heard the knights talking and they've been driving him crazy." He moved a bit farther away from her touch, acting like it pained him to be in contact with another creature. "And he was willing to defend a human over his own father. He was frightening so see him when they killed the human, because he went crazy, even striking at those who were on his side. But, I'm afraid it's too late for Atem."

"Too late? Akhnamkanon, what do you mean?"

"They stabbed that boy, right through the heart…"

"What boy?" Kisara shook her head, reaching out to touch the dragon again but only to have him pull away again. "What boy are you talking about?"

"He was the prince, Kisara. Aislinn's son."

"Yugi." Kisara saw the dragon nod, her own hand coming up to rest over her heart. So that was what the commotion was about last night. Yugi had tried to free the kingdom from Gozaburo, and failed. She dropped her hand, one finger tracing invisible patterns on the stone as she waited for Akhnamkanon to continue.

"He's given the boy his heart, Kisara." She looked up, eyes widening. Both of them had known what had happened to Akhnamkanon and why he was imprisoned. But then, why had Atem gone ahead and made the same mistake his father had? They knew how this would end, humans could never accept that they were tied to a dragon without trying to dominate the creature. It was why she had given up that form to be with Seto. But Atem wasn't like her, he wouldn't change from a dragon, he was too proud for that.

He had always seemed to look down on humans, hating them for what they were doing for the dragons. Still, he had been kind and always willing to listen when Kisara had talked endlessly about Seto, teasing her about the affection she felt for 'her human'. It had never occurred to her that Atem would find a human that he could tolerate, let alone tie his life to like that. Part of her refused to believe it, urging her to speak. "What makes you think that?"

"If you had seen him, then you would have known." Akhnamkanon shuddered his eyes staring fixedly on the castle wall. "If you or I had come out to try and help that prince after they had stabbed him, Atem would have killed us both without a second thought."

"But, he knows us! Why-"

"Wouldn't you do the same if someone injured your human?" The cool logic calmed her for a moment. Kisara looked down at the ground before stepping away, heading back into the castle. A soft rumble drew her attention back to the dragon, Akhnamkanon straining against the chains that held him against the ground. "When the time comes, could you do it?"

"Do what?"

"Kill me." He didn't seem to notice how her eyes widened. "You or your human. It doesn't matter. But there will come a point when this existence isn't worth much anymore."

She didn't want to, but she found herself nodding anyway. She could understand his thinking, no matter how much it repulsed her. There would come a time when this arrangement wouldn't work, and Akhnamkanon was at the mercy of the humans, a place where the proud dragon would rather not be. It was the least she could do for him. Kisara winced at the direction her thoughts were taking, stiffening at the soft sound of the dragon's voice as he whispered, "I wish you and your mate luck with your brood, Kisara."

Tears came to her eyes as Kisara turned to smile at the old dragon before she rushed back into the castle, coming to an abrupt halt. Calming herself quickly, Kisara darted toward a servant's stairwell, preferring to take that route over accidentally meeting Gozaburo on her way up. She paused halfway up the stairs, gasping for breath before continuing at a more sedate pace.

Once at the top, she peered into the corridor before walking gracefully over to their chambers, opening the door and stepping in. Her eyes widened as she saw Seto sprawled across the bed. Kisara moved to her side of the bed, sitting beside him and running a hand through his brown hair. He lifted the arm his had over his eyes to smile at her before letting the limb drop back to the bed with a sigh. "My father murdered my cousin."

"Yugi will be alright."

Seto blinked up at her, before shaking his head. "Yugi is dead, Kisara."

"No. He's still alive." She cut off a yelp as Seto sat up and shoved her away.

"I am already mocked on a daily basis by my father, I do not need you to help him with that job."

Kisara sighed, absently resting one hand against her stomach as she thought. Of course that had not been the best approach for Seto, Yugi had meant a lot to him. She should have known that Gozaburo would have taunted him about his cousin's death. She stood up, walking up behind Seto and placing her hands on his shoulders, holding tight when he meant to shove them off. "I am not mocking you, Seto. A dragon saved your cousin."

"A dragon…" Seto began to scoff, the emotion behind the action disappearing as he realized what she meant. Before Kisara could react, he pulled away, turning around and yanking her close. "Like what that dragon did to my father?"

"Yes."

"Gods." Seto slumped, Kisara hastily holding him up. He rested his forehead on her shoulder, taking in a shaky breath as Kisara ran her hands down his back.

"He'll be alright." Kisara led him back over to the bed, laying them both down as she continued to soothe her lover, relaxing only when she heard him sigh. "The dragon will take care of him, I promise that."

Seto made a muffled noise of disagreement before closing his eyes and pulling Kisara close to him in a hug. She let him hold her, reaching back to run her hand through his hair again.

Yugi was sent tumbling to the ground, looking up quickly as the dragon that had carried him flew away. It landed a short distance away, looking back at him with a hiss before glancing up at the other two dragons that were flying in. Yugi ignored the other one, only having eyes for the dragon that carried the limp form of Atem. The dragon shot a glare at him before landing gently, the sun shining off its green scales. It set Atem down gently on the ground, its tail quickly curling around the smaller dragon as Yugi tried to rush over. The dragon looked over his shoulder with a disgusted snort. "Haven't you done enough, human?"

"No, you don't understand…"

Yugi jumped at the strangled sound that Atem made, one hand dropping to hold his own stomach as it cramped. He winced, almost falling to the ground with the pain. He stared down at the dirt, panting for breath. He barely noticed the green dragon stride off, too focused on himself. What was going on? He hadn't been in pain like this before, there was no reason for it. He looked up, staring at Atem for a moment, mind weakly shuffling back through his memories, mouth falling open.

He had been killed earlier. Gozaburo had stabbed him through the heart. If that was the case, why was he still alive?

Yugi scrambled to his feet, running over to Atem and taking up his station at the black and red dragon's head. He made a soothing noise as one red eye opened, searching for him as Yugi stroked Atem's head. The dragon's mouth opened, looking like he was going to speak, but he could make no sound. Yugi smiled, fingers seeking out that one spot above Atem's eye. "Don't worry, I'm still here."

Atem responded by pushing his head gently into Yugi's rubbing fingers, eye falling shut again. Cautiously, Yugi unwrapped the arm he had around his stomach and placed that hand on the dragon too. He leaned over Atem, wincing at the pain that the move brought to his stomach. "Atem, I need you to concentrate for a moment, please. I know I died earlier tonight."

The dragon gave a whimper, which Yugi thought he meant as a denial. He shushed the dragon, resting his forehead against Atem. "Hush. I'm still here. But you did something. What did you do?"

"Heart." The word was faint and Yugi thought he had misheard at first. He glanced down at his shirt, noticing for the first time the blood that stained it and the charred edges. With a shaking hand, he traced the scar on his chest, eyes widening when he felt the steady beat. None of this was right, he was supposed to be dead. But Atem had saved him, had fixed his heart somehow. His hand dropped back to the dragon in the next second as Atem tried to move, keeping the dragon still. Atem hissed in displeasure but listened to Yugi's frantic whispers. "Share heart, share pain. Sorry."

"Don't apologize." Yugi dropped to his knees, sighing as he rested against the dragon. "Don't ever apologize."

"You!" Yugi spun around at the growl, shrinking back against Atem as the dragon stared down at him. This one was a deep purple, two fangs hanging down from the sides of its mouth. Yugi found himself staring up at the jewel-like structure on the forehead of the dragon before looking up at the three spikes that covered the top of the dragon's neck. Scales descended down the neck in an arrangement like plates of armor, leading to the tail that broke off into a pitchfork shape. Six dangerously sharp claws were one every hand and foot, two extra spikes on the knees of the hind legs. The dragon hissed at Yugi before turning his head and shouting into the human village. "Dartz!"

A human came rushing out at the call, Yugi turning his head to look at the new comer. The dragon took the moment to pull him away from Atem, earning a yelp from Yugi and a strangled snarl from Atem as the red and black dragon tried to find the human again. Yugi twisted in the dragon's hold, the earth moving quickly under him before he was deposited on the ground again. The prince glared at the dragon before turning to look at the man that they had stopped in front of.

The man crossed his arms, his long white robe easily concealing his hands with the movement. Cold amber eyes stared back at Yugi as the man looked him over. Finally, he shook his head, long aqua hair falling in disarray down his back. Yugi tried to scramble backwards, but the dragon wouldn't let him move, happily passing him over to Dartz before walking back over to where the two other dragons from before had congregated over by Atem. Yugi turned to follow the dragon, jumping when he felt the man pull on his arm. The prince shot a glare in his direction, but following the order to stand up. "Where are you taking me?"

"Away while they work to help him." Dartz sighed as he answered Yugi's question, like the prince was below him. Yugi struggled against the hold for a moment, turning his head to look back at the group of dragons who were looming over Atem. His arm was subjected to another sharp pull as Dartz continued to lead him toward the tents. The man turned to face him abruptly, catching his chin and forcing Yugi to look at him. "I know you probably didn't hurt that dragon, but Timaeus overreacts to humans with injured dragons. He'll apologize for his rough behavior as soon as your dragon pulls through."

He made to start pulling Yugi off again when the green dragon stood on his hind legs, looking around at the tents before bellowing. "Solomon!"

Dartz halted in his tracks, looking between the three dragons and the tents, his hand falling away from Yugi. The prince took a step back, intending to make a run for it when he saw the look in Dartz's eyes. The man felt Yugi's gaze and looked down to meet it. "Apparently things are worse than we thought."

"Worse…" Yugi hastily jumped to the side as an elderly man with messy grey hair rushed past, disappearing into the clump of three dragons. The prince turned back to stare at Dartz, watching as the man seemed to be thinking things over. "Who was that? And how are things worse?"

"Solomon is the only human in our clan that retains the use of magic, specifically the kind of magic that helps in healing. He mostly works on our cattle but," Dartz wiped a sleeve over his forehead, "something must be really wrong with that dragon it they've called him over."

Yugi was about to demand a better answer when red hot pain slashed across his stomach, making him cry out and fall to his knees. His vision wavered, snapping back into focus as he heard the last bellows of pain from Atem. Yugi trembled and laboriously got back to his feet, keeping one arm pressed over his stomach. He shook his head, clearing the ringing in his ears before stumbling forward a step, nearly falling before Dartz caught him. Yugi slumped in the hold, allowing the man to support him for a moment before trying to pull away as Dartz began to pull him towards the tents.

"No! I have to-" Yugi gasped at another slash of pain across his stomach, looking up to see the green dragon backing away, blood on its claws. He stumbled a few steps away on his own before falling to his hands and knees, panting as he tried to breathe. He felt a hand on his back, tilting his head to look at Dartz. Yugi looked away, glancing down at his stomach, expecting blood to be leaking from him. He shook his head, trying to clear his thoughts before looking back up at Dartz. "Please, he has no idea what is going on. He only understands that I'm here somewhere."

He nearly growled as Dartz pulled him into a sitting position, plucking at his shirt around the hole. Yugi jumped away from him as the man brushed his fingers over the scar on his chest, purple eyes darkening in anger. Dartz didn't seem to notice, the aqua haired man leaning back on his hands, still staring at the scar. "Where did you get that?"

"Atem said something about sharing a heart and sharing pain." Yugi nearly whimpered out the next word, swaying on his feet. The man nodded to himself before standing up and wrapping and arm around Yugi's waist. The prince was about to struggle out of his grip again when the man began to guide him toward Atem. Yugi sighed with relief, the sound dying as he heard the conversation.

"Was that really necessary, Solomon?"

Yugi caught a glimpse of the old man from around the dragon's leg as Dartz maneuvered him closer. Solomon shook his head and ducked back down, peering at something that held his attention. "I know the inner workings of cattle, not dragons. I am to help this one, then I actually need to see what I am doing." There was the disgusting sound of flesh pulling away from flesh before Solomon sat up again, nodding to himself. "I thought so, his gut is twisted."

The prince tried to get a look at what they were examining, but Dartz kept moving him before he could get a good look. Yugi's attention was distracted by a groan from Atem. From above him, one of the dragon's hissed, glaring at Solomon. "You said that you could keep him asleep."

"That was before I had to do this with magic. Just hold him down and I will work as fast as I can." Solomon snapped the command at the dragon, who dropped down to hold onto Atem's neck and shoulders, the purple dragon doing the same to the hindquarters. Only Timaeus remained on guard, looking over what Solomon was doing. With the absence of the other dragons blocking his line of vision, Yugi could clearly see what was going on. And it took everything he had not to throw up.

Atem's stomach was sliced open towards his hind end, the blood probably kept from spilling out of him by magic. Solomon had one arm stuck inside the incision, eyes closed as he searched for something, a faint smile coming across his lips when he discovered what he sought. The clean hand reached up and stroked the skin that was in his reach. "Almost done now, young one. Just hold on a few moments more."

The black and red dragon hissed in pain, one leg weakly twitching in the hold that the other two dragons held on him. "Where is…"

"Where is what?" Solomon encouraged Atem on, his smile growing wider as he twisted his arm inside Atem.

"Yugi." His name was breathed out on a whisper, the action earning a slap from Solomon before the old man went back to working. Yugi flinched as the pain of the slap was transferred to him, staring at the old man in awe.

"You stay with me now, young one. It's almost over. Keep talking."

Atem twisted in the hold that the two dragons had on him, eyes shut tight. "Yugi."

"That's it young one, keep talking to me. I'm almost done here." Solomon paused for a moment, shifting as he moved his hand again. "My daughter always wanted to name her child Yugi but…well she died before that could happen."

Atem groaned, a shudder running through his body. Solomon pulled his hand out, the arm bloody up to his shoulder. He looked up and nodded to Timaeus, the two of them waiting until purple tendrils pulled the two sides of the incision together. Timaeus took a deep breath and cauterized the wound, the tendrils of magic disappearing when the flames touched them. Yugi screamed when he felt the action on his own stomach, nearly falling to his knees. He reeled as Dartz gave him the final push, sending him stumbling to Atem's head. Yugi grabbed onto Atem as he felt the dragon moan, the smell of burning flesh disappearing as Timaeus stepped back.

The green dragon shook his head at he looked over Atem, eyes drifting down to gaze at Solomon. "He's in horrible condition. Between his weight and what you just did, he'll be using up more of his body's resources that he can spare. We need to take to the desert, where he doesn't have to worry about keeping a constant body temperature…" The dragon trailed off as his gaze fell on Yugi. He dropped down to all fours and snarled, teeth hovering above the prince. "What are you doing here human?"

Atem opened his eyes and tried to snap at Timaeus, teeth falling short of their goal with the hold that was still on him. Yugi rested a hand on Atem's muzzle, silently telling him to lay still while he glared up at the green dragon. "He asked for me."

"Yugi." The prince looked back down as Atem nudged him gently. He sat on the ground, guiding Atem so the dragon could rest his head on Yugi's lap. Atem sighed, leaning into the human and nearly knocking him over. "My stomach hurts."

Yugi laughed and gave him a light tap on the muzzle, smiling as Atem slowly opened one eye to look at him, the haze that had once covered the crimson irises gone. "You just had your stomach ripped open. It should hurt for a while. But they fixed whatever was wrong. You'll be alright."

The dragon purred, obviously enjoying the contact with the human. The sound stopped abruptly and Atem raised his head from Yugi's lap, looking over the human in concern before nuzzling the prince's stomach. Yugi quickly pulled Atem back down, giggling as the motion tickled him. Atem seemed comforted by the sound of his laughter, but there was still worry in his eyes. "Are you okay?"

"Now I am."

Atem nuzzled Yugi's leg, giving a soft purr as he did so. Yugi allowed Atem to rest like that for a while before gently tapping him, drawing his attention back to Yugi. "They're taking you to the desert so you can get better."

Instead of relaxing like he expected, Atem whimpered and pressed closer to Yugi, struggling to get out of the hold that the other two dragons still had on him as Solomon continued to examine his patient. Yugi tried to calm him, mumbling nonsense until Atem stopped struggling, the trials of the day catching up to him. He let out a long sigh, looking up at Yugi. "I don't want to leave. Something might go wrong."

"You'll be the first to know." Yugi tapped his heart with a smile, trying to let Atem know that he didn't mind the action that the dragon had taken. His smile faltered as Atem looked away with a long sigh. Yugi ran his hand down the dragon's muzzle, closing his eyes to savor the warmth and the feel of leather under his palm. "I'll be alright. I promise."

Atem gave a weak grunt of agreement, trying to look fierce as he struggled to fight off exhaustion. "Don't go anywhere."

"I'll stay right here and wait for you." Yugi pulled Atem into a hug, not letting go until the sound of someone clearing their throat made him look up. Atem gave a soft growl when Yugi shifted, looking up at the elderly man who had helped Atem. Yugi wiggled out from under the dragon, scrambling backwards as Timaeus walked over, the other dragons releasing their hold on Atem so the green dragon could pick him up. Atem snarled at the treatment, the threat carrying no weight as he could do nothing but twitch the tip of his tail.

Timaeus glanced down at Dartz, giving the man a nod of his head. "We'll be back in time for mating season."

Dartz waved them on, rolling his eyes and muttering something about 'dragons' before walking back into the group of tents. Yugi remained sitting on the ground, watching as Timaeus took off, the purple and red dragons following him. The prince leaned back onto his hands, titling his head back as far as it would go to track the dragon's progress across the sky. He finally sat back up when he could no longer see the dragons, eyes widening as he met Solomon's eyes. The two stared at each other for a long time before the elderly man began to tremble. Yugi was about to ask if he was alright when Solomon dropped to the ground in front of him, staring directly in his eyes.

"Yugi, who was your mother?"

"My mother?" Yugi was stunned by the seemingly random question before he gathered his wits, shaking his head. "Aislinn."

"Where was she from?"

"She never told me." Yugi shook his head, scooting backwards away from Solomon. "She never talked about her past. She only said that she was taken from her clan and that I had inherited my grandfather's hair."

"My Aislinn…and you have her eyes…" Yugi quickly got to his feet, only to be pulled into a hug. The prince struggled to get away from Solomon, stopping when he felt tears falling in his shoulder. He glanced around, hoping that there was someone who could tell him what was going on, tensing when Solomon staring speaking. "I thought she was dead when that king slaughtered them all. I looked for days, but I couldn't find her."

He pulled away, holding Yugi at arm's length, examining him before a soft smile stole across his face. The expression lasted for a while before Solomon took in the scared look on Yugi's face. His arms dropped back to his sides as he stepped away. "I'm sorry…it's just been so long…and…"

Suddenly, Yugi couldn't bear to see the elderly man sinking into sorrow. He reached out to grab Solomon's arm, making sure that the elderly man was focused on him before he spoke. "My mother talks a lot about dragons, even has a whole room with dragon figures carved out of wood and stone."

The old man brightened, suddenly swooping Yugi up into a hug. "That's my daughter. She survived." Yugi found himself laughing along with Solomon, the joy infectious. He stumbled a bit when he was placed back on the ground, Solomon pulling him into another hug. Yugi smiled and let the old man hold him, relishing the close contact with another human being. They both pulled away with identical smiles, Solomon reaching out to guide Yugi back into the group of tents. "Tell me everything.

Ryou watched the flames of the fire lick at the wood, hearing the soft sounds of Bakura as the thief slept. The poet rubbed his bare arms, wishing that he had put on a shirt as well as his pants before crawling out to restart the fire. It was getting close to winter, the chill in the air telling him that. It was going to be hard to find food in this area without stealing from the peasants, which Bakura would refuse to do in the end. So the thief would go for the nobles, which would be dangerous with Gozaburo on the look out for them and Mahad. Their time of moving behind the scenes was over, ended easily in a single night.

The poet scrubbed a hand across his face before resting his chin against his knee, eyes following the trail of yellow in the fire. While Bakura had told him only a few reasons for their continued stay in Gozaburo's kingdom, he knew that part of it was because the thief couldn't refuse Ryou anything. His hand clenched by his side, the crackle of paper reminding what he had also brought with him. He looked down, fingers automatically smoothing out the paper. Its yellow surface was littered with smudged, dark spots of ink, words and sketches; none of the latter ever matching what Yugi had done with his pictures of those dragons.

He looked up to where the prince's palomino horse was tied, looking at the pack that was tied to the cantle of the saddle. He couldn't bring himself to touch any of that stuff, but Bakura would eventually. And only for their own survival. There was probably a law among thieves against stealing from dead friends unless the circumstances called for it. But he wanted to be sure that the drawings made it somewhere safe. There was probably good money to be made from them, if they were sold to some artist. But they wouldn't be the same. The dragons that Yugi had sketched from memories of their dead bodies held a sort of sorrow that wouldn't be duplicated by another artist. The dragons would be turned into vicious beasts instead of the tragic figures that they had become, fighting for survival in a world that no longer wanted them. It was almost better that they were forgotten, like the true identity of the one who had brought them to life.

His fingers twitched on the paper again, the sound encouraging him to pick up the pages. Ryou stared at the neat lines of his writing, hand twitching to grab a quill to fix his mistakes. He had brought his great work out here to burn it, to condemn the memory to ashes and scatter them to the wind. It no longer mattered to him that no one would read if he had done that. To him, it had become like the dragon sketches, something that would be irreversibly changed. But, as he read it over to commit his great folly to memory, Ryou found that he couldn't throw it into the fire, his mouth dropping open as he realized what was appearing out of his words. It had stopped being a story about a brave a just knight struggling to free the kingdom from the threat of dragons, but the tale of a beaten down man struggling to free the kingdom from a tyrant; the only one willing to take a stand. And, leaping out from the pages, was the dragon, strong and powerful like Ryou remembered him. The dragon seemed to draw the darkness and despair, just as the prince counteracted that, becoming the brave knight of legend. But still fundamentally changed.

There was no dragon without the prince and no prince without the dragon. They worked in balance. When one was missing, the rhythm was off, the poem too bright or too dark. And while that was alright for small portions, it would have been overwhelming if the other had not been there.

Bakura had been right, this was a story like no other. A story that would get him remembered forever. But Ryou found that it no longer mattered if he was remembered forever. He just wanted the duo to be remembered, the dragon and the prince. He wanted them to live on even though both had disappeared from his life.

Ryou carefully set the papers down, remembering to set a rock on them before rushing off to gather his quill and ink, hastily setting himself up close to the fire. He leafed through the papers, coming to a stop at the start of the poem as he began to scan his work. He wanted this to be perfect. He wanted the generations who would come after him to remember this one piece and not him. Because he didn't matter anymore. What was he to the world, the run away son of a minor nobleman? A mere runaway child too spoiled to see what his parents had offered him? He was no longer any of those things, he had left that Ryou behind to die in the courtyard of Gozaburo's castle. He was something entirely new, no longer bound by the laws of the society he had run away from.

He was Ryou, the one who had dared to fall in love with a thief who had stolen his purse. The one who had dared to confront a knight and follow him until he found the one dragon that he couldn't defeat. The one who had charged into Gozaburo's stronghold with only three others and a dragon. He was simply a poet and proud of that fact. The desire to be something more had slipped away somewhere on the journey, the taint from his old world washed away. Ryou gave a fond smile to the sleeping Bakura, knowing that the thief couldn't see his thanks for changing him.

The poet leaned over his work, frantically scribbling as he added and deleted words from the pages, sometimes stopping and running the worn feather of the quill under his chin before chuckling softly and jumping back into the work. The scratching continued for a long time until Ryou jumped up, placing another rock on top of his pages before running to the prince's pack, hastily rifling through it as he searched for the object of his desire. He gave a short exhale of success before making his way back to the fire, more carefully this time as he cradled his precious bundle. Sitting down on the ground, Ryou carefully peeling the pieces of bark from each other, eyes lingering over each lamenting dragon until he came to the last one in the pile. He brushed his fingers across one corner, smiling as he looked at Yugi's last drawing.

It was a quick rendition of their dragon, only the head and neck of the creature. The dragon was staring off at something in the distance, defiance and life in his eyes, so different from the other dragons whose eyes held nothing. The shading over the scales slowly faded down the neck, finally quitting before the end of the lines that Yugi had drawn, the whole dragon fading into nothingness. But that only served to increase the power of the picture. This was a dragon alone, unhindered by anything else. Ryou nodded to himself, placing the drawing aside from the others and picking up his pages again, closing his eyes for a moment, his quill twitching in his hand before he finally stared to write.

'Untamed by man or beast it stood
With eyes of crimson flame,
Looking down on the mortal knight
Who decreed it would be slain.'

He was too involved with his writing to notice Bakura open one eye sleepily. The thief rolled over, staring at Ryou before rolling his eyes, but he didn't go back to sleep. Instead, he watched the poet through the tangle of the flames, smiling at the facial expressions that Ryou made as he worked his way through the story.

So, I basically gave Atem colic, the closest real comparison would be the types that horses get where the intestines can twist which will kill the horse. Actually, you are supposed to keep the horse from rolling as it just twists the gut and/or makes it worse. Solomon just did the approximation of colic surgery, of course, Atem had it easier because he could throw up, which horses usually can't to get rid of whatever is hurting them. I feel sorry for the poor boy.

Anyway, read and review please. Criticism, as always, is greatly appreciated.