Pai Chan smiled at herself in the mirror as she combed her long black hair, glossy and freed from its tresses after a relaxing, steamy shower. Her pale skin was radiant and flawless, purified by the water. She had brushed her pearly teeth, picked out her outfit for tomorrow's big match, changed her tampon and softened her mattress. But before falling asleep, as she closed the curtain of her hotel room window on the sparkling lights of San Francisco, she wanted one last review of her opponent. Flicking on the hotel room television set, she sat back on the bed in her nightie, and slipped into the DVD player a plain, burned silver disc, etched only in a black marker with the title: OPP FILE - SARAH BRYANT. One hand clutching her little black and white teddy, PanPan, Pai Chan began to watch.
Her opponent tomorrow was as intimidating as she was beautiful. Bryant's lucent face and flowing blonde hair were soft, but they framed a body that was tall, muscular and confidently poised. Even as a famed kung-fu movie star and accomplished martial artist, Pai felt almost envious of Sarah's dominating and alluring physicality; she had seen many rushes of convincing but faked martial arts sequences, and she knew, by contrast, that this woman's Jeet Kune Do was the real deal. Many fighters had underestimated Pai to their downfall, and she was determined to avoid the same fate. College student or not, Pai saw in this Sarah Bryant a level of fighting skill that surpassed that of many a professional. Although she hoped not, perhaps it might even surpass her own.
Sitting up on the luxuriously soft duvet as the minutes passed, Pai watched replay after replay of Sarah's victories, gazing long and deep at the blonde fighter's lengthy, svelte thighs spinning through bicycle kicks in blurs of blue spandex. Always at the right moment, those long, dominating legs landed strike after sharp strike on her foes from the tall heels of knee-high black leather boots. It was a mesmerizing dance that, as the 'one or two matches' she would watch before drifting off turned into a riveting dozen, seemed increasingly as beautiful and sensual as it was deadly.
At some point, Pai's concentration must have slipped - and that wasn't the only thing. She became aware that her hand had moved from PanPan's little head to somewhere beneath her nightie, where it was slowly circling the tip of something else: an eager, horny little teenage clittie that was already swelling and bathing itself hopefully in a thin layer of grool. She realized that her feminine juices were starting to wetten her fingertips.
Fuck, exclaimed Pai silently, quickly hitting the pause button on the DVD remote. It froze on a frame with Sarah's legs splayed and crotch in focus, hardly helping matters.
Pai took a deep breath.
Yes, she often got thirsty as hell on her period, sometimes insatiably so, but she expected that she could hold on until *after* the big match. Especially since she knew that if she started to play at this time of the month, she was going to need to play nasty to find satisfaction. *Real* nasty...
And she had started to play.
Pai picked up PanPan and hugged the little bear soothingly. She had already showered, so if she gave in to her raging teenage hormones now, she was going to have to do it over - and twice as thoroughly, considering where she already knew this road would lead her in the end. Couldn't she at least wait until after the match?
But Pai also knew from bitter experience that if she didn't take care of this, she was going to be up all night, tossing and turning in heat, dwelling on *those* thighs she had just spent half an hour burning into her mind in all the wrong ways.
Making her decision all too hastily, she gazed back at the TV set, displaying its frozen, forbidden fruit in gratuitous HD, and pressed play. If it had been *any* other opponent, she thought, resigned but also excited for what was to come tonight...and tomorrow.
The horny Hong Kong teen lay down on her hotel bed so that she could *really* relax while watching this "research file" - one that in her thoughts had somehow morphed into the softcore porn exploits of a blonde bombshell. She unpaused the movie, spread open and peeled off her nightie, and then pulled down the front of her panda-imprinted cotton panties. Not all the way - just enough to expose her waxed-bare pussy to both the open air and the nimble touch of her fingers - while still keeping the frilly edges in contact with her buttocks. They would be needed to catch what would soon be coming out to play. Smelling a tinge of her lubricious, exposed pussy on the air, she resumed her prior clitoral exploration with greater intentionality - and intensity.
"Are you a nasty girl like me, Sarah, huh, secretly nasty? Do you want to see me get dirty?" Pai Chan began to murmur to herself, rubbing her elegant forefinger up and down a cunny canal almost choked with her discharge.
Dirty talk had long been a part of Pai's masturbatory routines, ever since her earliest, stumbling steps of self-discovery. She didn't know if it was just the loneliness of this part of her life, or something of the natural performer in her coming out in another way. She just knew that degrading herself in this way, verbally - as if what else she was going to do tonight wasn't already debasing enough - felt good...damn good.
Pai held the base of the tampon inside her and started gently swirling it around her pulsing cavern. It had taken in blood enough to expand as she had been watching the movie of the lovely Sarah, and it felt enough like a soft, latex dildo... Pai was a good girl, really, at least she tried to be: she had never come close to letting a guy fuck her, but back in Hong Kong she had a whole array of toys for moments like this, and they had seen copious use.
"I need to go, mummy, I need to go like you..." she whined to herself like a little girl again, reliving some of the dark memories that she now, strangely, savored in these moments. "I need to go pee-pee, it's all getting jumbled in me..." She crinkled up her face, tensed, and then felt her cunt spray a heavy spurt of hot, misty pee from between her legs, sprinkling acrid yellow across her snowy, bare thighs and the hotel bed covers. The fringe even reached as far as to splatter odd droplets across the TV screen.
"I told you, I *told* you, I needed to pee-pee..." Pai muttered as she had many times before, but upon seeing how she had marked the frozen image on the TV screen, she abandoned her little girly voice and grinned.
"You like that, huh, Sarah Bryant? You like being...marked with my piss like a bitch? After I beat your ass tomorrow, you can drink it whenever you like!" Pai blushed at her own obscenity, suddenly hoping the hotel walls were well- insulated.
Returning to her tampon thrusting, Pai felt something else ease in her stomach and smiled again.
"Oh, it's coming...it's coming, it's coming!" she squealed excitedly to herself.
What she was going to do tonight was gross, horrible, and just plain wrong. Even she knew that. But this was how Pai Chan got her kicks.
She bore down and squeezed a lump of sheer filth out into her open panties with a thrillingly hot, wet squelch.
Pai's once spotlessly white panties began to turn brown in an unevenly expanding circle around her extruding turd. It peeked its head out until the fabric forced it to curl around and scurry back up over her warm, swelling vulva, like a woodland animal popping out of its hole on the first day of spring, before scurrying off into foliage.
She reached her hand in to grab a little smear, then pulled it out, snapping her gusset back into the ordure. Then she patted it softly from the outside of her ruined knickers, dirtying the front and sending out nasty, hot vibrations to be received by her clit, which was now enveloped and cooking in the steaming mess. Next, she rubbed the filthy mass harder, causing some of it to slide and break off, cascading out of the sidebands and leaving trails as it slid down her luscious, honed thighs.
She could smell it strongly now, cloying and wrong, and that drove her onward, seeking to grab the main bulk. Pai's crap was soft and wet like it often was on her period, not quite diarrhea, but not a hard, erect lump, either. Keeping her left hand dancing on her pulsing clittie as she started bucking her wide hips up and down, she picked her stool up and held it over her hardened breasts. She was still watching Sarah Bryant there on the TV screen, earnestly flip-kicking, slyly teasing Pai with her gorgeous red lips and golden ponytail, while Pai squeezed the lump of shit in her hands like play-doh until stinking chunks of it fell onto her full, prodigiously-developed chest and taut tummy.
"Look what I've got Sarah, look what I made for you! Do you want to smell my tummy garbage Sarah... Do you want to *taste*?" And then, as if to answer her own question, she slid a chunk into her mouth with her index finger, and licked her lips as the rancid, fishy taste of her perversity melted on her pink teenage tongue.
Pai moaned as she rolled her shitty tidbit around her mouth, expelling breath that she knew would no longer be minty fresh, but more like a hot, wet fart. Even so, she sucked her ass candy and ground it into paste against her pearly teeth until she was blowing brown bubbles from between her smiling scarlet lips, the bitter, primal flavor and knowledge that she was making herself a whore for her own shit driving her pulsing teenage libido to new heights. Her fingers strummed her spasming cunt, as trembling legs lifted her melting core off the bed, strands of cunnydrool and period blood oozing out and stretching to breaking point.
Staving off her impending dark orgasm so as to maximize its filthy potency, she slowed down the pace of her masturbation, and turned her attention back to her tampon. She softly rolled it around the tight walls of her pussy a few times, enjoying its soft touch as she gathered a glazing of the juices oozing out of her around it like a honey dipper. Then she slowly pulled it out of herself, bottom end dripping with her arousal, top clotted with the fecund blood that had put her in such perverse and terrible heat.
The tampon had one more of her lithe young body's gifts to recover, though: the darkest and grossest of all. Pai Chan shuddered with an ill-gotten thrill as she rubbed the swollen tampon around her soiled panties, smearing them further with streaks of fresh menstrual blood, even as she gathered her remaining, still warm clumps of shit onto it. The tampon had a real weight to it now, and wafting her personal girlstink into the air even further with it was making her mouth literally water.
Pai brought her nasty chocolate stick up to her face, gazed upon her handiwork and smiled, licking her full red lips lasciviously. Her blood filled tampon was smeared top to bottom with pearly strands of her cuntsnot, and caked with clumps of her fresh girldung, all her favorite, narcissistic flavors running together. But tonight was different to her usual self-focused onanism; tonight, she imagined her feed came from another woman: the angelic Sarah, who seemed both so close, high-kicking on the TV set in front of her, and a million miles away.
Stroking her shit-plastered cunny with blistering speed, Pai lowered the swollen cuntrag into her drooling mouth. Instantly she was overwhelmed by a smorgasbord of filthy flavors, served fresh from her ripe teenage body: her sweet, fruity pussy juices, her full, metallic period blood, and her bitter, cloying crap - her favorite of all. The tampon half sticking out of her mouth as she slurped her body fluids off the lower parts, she mumbled out more dirty talk around it.
"That's right, bitch, shit down my throat, use me hard!" she cried out, voraciously licking and sucking on the shit-stained tampon like it was some kind of kinky popsicle. Her hands, in a passion beyond her conscious control, seemed to be everywhere: on her clit one moment, her tits the next, one small finger wriggling in her dank, leaking arsehole like a fish caught on a hook. Then her hips bucked up off the bed with shocking suddenness, legs trained to perfection for mízōngquán combat now kicking like those of a wild deer, something beyond her control. Her toes curled as she came ridiculously hard, overloading her clit with a lightning climax and the dream of being allowed to serve, even once, as the goddess Sarah Bryant's personal living toilet.

Oh fuck, that was a weird orgasm, was her first thought. She was meant to feel dominant towards her opponents, or at least not...like the way she was feeling right now. But then again, she was also supposed to feel *pure* the night before a fight.
Pai Chan sighed.
She didn't feel sad the way she often did after bringing herself - no tears this time - but it was still bittersweet knowing that there was nobody out there as perverse as she was, nobody who could make love to her in the filthy ways she so, so needed... A very weird orgasm, she thought, licking her clear, salty-sweet cum off her fingertips - but a good one.
Then she rolled over, exhausted, and her second thought, seeing her alarm clock was, oh shit, it's 2AM. She would have to shower again in the morning...she couldn't manage it now.
She reached out and held onto Pan-pan with her (relatively) clean hand. There was no third thought: her consciousness fell away almost in an instant, as she drifted back into warm, dirty feelings that became grand, romantic and impossible dreams, dreams of Sarah...