Missy Becomes An Exhibitionist
by Lisasuzanne

Chapter 4

Matt gets a taste of Missy's life.

This is the continuing story of my college exhibitionism. I am now in my junior year of college and my roommates, Kim and Lisa were both seniors. In the last year or so, I had several nude adventures while under the control of my roommates. Those adventures included serving 50 strangers at a party while naked, stripping in front of the pizza delivery guy, who was also in one of my classes and became a participant in the adventures. I also ran through a home improvement store naked, went through a burger joint drive through naked and watched the video of me in the home improvement store in front of my roommates and the aforementioned pizza guy.

Every one of these stunts was incredibly embarrassing and humiliating, but they were also extremely arousing for me. So much so that I came from each experience, sometimes more than once.

Usually, a couple of months passed in between each escapade, but I was always on edge every time I did something socially with my roommates, not knowing if it was going to end with me being naked and embarrassed again. At the same time, deep down, I was kind of hoping something would happen. The orgasms I got from these acts were so powerful that I began craving the adventures so I could experience the highs all over again.

Even though the big stunts were limited to once every couple of months, I frequently was instructed by my roommates to be naked around the apartment. I would cook, wash dishes, do laundry, study and watch TV naked while my roommates remained clothed for the most part. Sometimes they would wear just panties while watching TV with me. None of us are lesbian, but they enjoyed touching and teasing me while I was naked around them.

Eventually, I became somewhat comfortable wandering around the house naked, but it still always felt a little weird when my roommates were fully clothed. Since Kim and Lisa were both seniors, I knew this would probably be the last year for this. I think that thought made me more sad than relieved. What was I going to do if I NEEDED to do these things to satisfy my urges?

Matt, the pizza guy, and I have become friends and he is there to protect us when we are doing something risky. He is super cute, and I would love for him to be my boyfriend. But that situation is a little weird too since I have stripped naked in front of him and sat naked with him while watching a video of me streaking through a store. I have also had squirting orgasms in front of him multiple times!

Kim and Lisa invite Matt over sometimes while I am naked around the house. That always embarrasses me because I like Matt a lot. I hope he doesn't think I am a disgusting slut. He always tells me how cute and hot I am, so that does make me feel a little better. I think he likes me more than just because he sees me naked, but I wouldn't say we've progressed to the point where he is my boyfriend.

One Saturday afternoon, I heard the doorbell and Lisa went to answer it. It startled me because I was naked again as I did various things around the apartment. Not knowing who it was jacked up the nerves for me. It could be some complete stranger. Whoever it was, there was a really good chance that they would soon see me naked.

Turns out it was Matt. Lisa invited him in, and said they were going to plan my next adventure. Hearing this got my juices flowing. It is hard to understand how I could get so excited at the prospect of being embarrassed and humiliated, but it never failed. I seemed to be getting addicted to the sexual excitement.

The three of them headed off to the kitchen. They wouldn't allow me to join the discussion so that it would be a surprise. I could feel Matt's eyes on me, trying to get a look at my naked body. I tried to act as nonchalant as possible, but my nervousness was probably quite obvious. I glanced over to Matt and when he saw me look, he quickly diverted his gaze as he passed by. I thought that was cute, he was uncomfortable too!

While Matt, Kim and Lisa talked in the kitchen, I continued doing some chores and various other things. I kept trying to listen in to get a preview of what was in store for me but stayed out of the kitchen. As usual, it felt weird to be walking around the apartment like this as if nothing was out of the ordinary but having Matt there this time elevated the level.

Doing housework calmed me somewhat. It gave me something else to think about.

But, once the chores were done, I couldn't think of anything else to do. So, I continued to just pad around naked, not really doing anything. It was more of a pacing really. As the minutes passed, my nerves and excitement grew. Damn, I wish I knew what they were talking about!

Just when I thought I couldn't stand it any longer, Kim and Lisa came out of the kitchen, walked past me without saying a word and went out the door. Matt stayed behind.

Matt approached me and I caught him scanning up and down my body with his eyes. It surprised me since he had been shy about it a few minutes ago. I felt a little embarrassed having him look me over like that. Was he judging me? Did he like what he saw, or was he finding imperfections in my body that he didn't like? Or hopefully he just really liked what he saw.

I looked down to see how I looked to him, then raised my eyes to meet his. He immediately snapped out of the little trance he seemed to be in.

"Oh, jeez, sorry," he said.

I smiled and said, "It's OK, I understand. How often do you have a naked girl just standing in front of you?"

"Pretty much a first for me," he said.

We stood there in silence again for what seemed like an eternity, but probably was only about 30 seconds. He was taking the opportunity to get a good look at my body. Finally, he asked if I would come sit on the couch and talk to him.

I was hesitant, not because I was afraid he would do something to me, but because I liked him, and I was naked. Anyway, I agreed and followed him to the couch. Matt sat next to me and put his arm around my shoulder. Feeling his clothed body against me gave me chills. With him being fully clothed and me being completely naked, he was in a position of power over me. It was one thing to have Kim and Lisa in the power position, but it was quite different with Matt! I found that I really liked this feeling.

I kept my knees together to try to maintain some modesty, as strange as that may sound. I asked if he could give me any hints as to what they had planned, but he said he couldn't tell me. They were still working on some things, and it wasn't going to happen in the very near future. I was a little disappointed in that. I was kind of in need of some excitement.

Matt finally said, "I just want to make sure you are ok. I really like you and don't want you to be hurt. If you want this to stop, just say the word."

Wait, did he just say he really likes me? That's what I've been dying to hear from him! I could hardly contain my excitement.

I snuggled closer to him and said sheepishly "I'm fine. These stunts are so humiliating, but it turns me on soooo much. I hope you don't think I'm a huge slut!"

Matt said, "Nooo, I think you are super cute and sexy. I've wanted to tell you that for a long time, but I was afraid you would think I was creepy."

I said, "I like you a lot too."

"So, are you my girlfriend?"

I giggled and said, "I would love that. Are you sure you can handle me being naked in front of strangers?"

Matt said, "I think it is really hot! But I don't get how you have the nerve to do it! I could never even think of doing that myself, not that anybody would want to see ME do that!"

I said, "I don't know what comes over me. I just get so turned on; I'll do just about anything. Don't tell them this, but if I never did this again, I think I would be crushed."

"Really? Wow, that takes a lot of guts, but you sure are sexy enough to pull it off!"

We snuggled for a few minutes, and I was getting more worked up with every second that passed. I started to squirm a little due to my arousal. I felt so vulnerable cuddled up to him like this while he was fully clothed.

Matt must have mistaken my squirming for discomfort, so he asked, "Do you want to get dressed? It must feel weird being naked like that in front of me."

In almost a whisper I said, "It's OK. I have a secret to tell you. I am the most excited when I am the only naked person, and the others are fully clothed. It's like electricity that surges through me!"

"Wow, that's unbelievable! What is it that makes that so exciting?" Matt said.

"I don't know. I guess it's the anticipation, the sexiness of it all and the thrill of being seen," I said.

Matt was holding me tightly now as the fingertips of his right hand gently caressed up and down my back. With each stroke, his fingers moved closer to my butt, until he finally began swirling them around my left butt cheek. My body sensed where this was going, and I felt the first trickle of juice seeping past my pussy lips!

Matt's caresses were now focused exclusively on my butt. Then, he added squeezing, which caused my pussy lips to separate. My juices were flowing freely now with every rhythmic squeeze of my ass! I could sense that he wanted to go further, so I scooted up a little to give him access to my pussy. He understood the invitation and immediately ran his fingertips from the top of my crack, all the way to my aching pussy!

The instant his fingers contacted my dripping wet pussy, jolts of energy pulsed through me! Matt's eyes sprung wide open as he realized how wet I was. I grabbed his head and kissed him feverishly, using the embrace to pull myself up further to allow him greater access to my pussy.

Matt used the opportunity to alternate between circling my clit and plunging a finger in and out of me. He couldn't seem to decide what he wanted to do to me!

I lifted my left leg and scooted over to straddle his left leg. His hand was still working me over, sandwiched between my pussy and his leg. I broke our kiss and started pinching and pulling on my nipples, while grinding my pussy into Matt's hand. The pressure was building in me, and my orgasm wasn't far off.

I couldn't take it anymore! I kissed him again and reached for the bottom of his shirt. He lifted his arms, and I pulled the t-shirt off him, then moved to his shorts. I unbuttoned them and slid the zipper down. He removed his fingers from my pussy and lifted his butt to allow me to slide them off. He did the same with his boxer briefs and he was then as naked as I was!

He asked if I was sure I wanted to do this and I said, "I need you boyfriend!"

I stroked his cock lightly for a few minutes while he caressed my entire body. He has such a beautiful cock; I just had to examine it and play with it! We got into a 69 position on the couch, but not on top of each other. We were laying side by side as I inspected his cock closely. I sucked him into my mouth and popped it back out, then used the index finger of my left hand to spread the pre-cum over the bulbous head. He was fully erect at about 7". His balls were snugged up tight and covered with fine brown hairs. I cupped his balls and the base of his cock in my right hand and jiggled it around. More of his juice was coming out, giving me plenty of lube to circle the engorged head.

Matt was moaning and I could feel his fingers parting my pussy lips once again and sliding up and down my slit. His cock was so hard, I thought it might split the skin! I grabbed the head with all five fingertips of my right hand and pretended I was going to pull the head right off the shaft! Matt REALLY liked that as his moans grew much louder. He was struggling to get his tongue onto my pussy because of the confines of the couch. So, I lifted my right leg and put it over his head to give him easier access. I took his full length into my mouth and began bobbing up and down on that gorgeous cock while he slurped away at my pussy!

After a couple of minutes of this, Matt pulled his tongue out and said, "If we keep this up much longer, I'm going to cum!"

I sucked his dick one last stroke and let it fall out of my mouth with an audible pop.

I said, "I need you inside me."

He sat up, stood at the edge of the couch and guided my hips to the edge of the cushion so he could enter me doggy style.

I said, "No, I want to ride you! Sit on the edge."

He did as I said, and I straddled his legs facing him. I was not a virgin but was not very experienced either. So, I just did what came natural. I grabbed his cock and stroked it a couple of times, then put it at my entrance and rubbed the head around in my flowing juices. Unable to wait any longer, I positioned my pussy lips over his cock and sank down. Mmmmm, the feeling of his cock filling me was sheer bliss!

We began a slow rhythmic motion, and I took the opportunity to look down at his cock sliding into me. The sight made me grunt in lust as I began to slam down harder and faster! Matt's hands were on my hips helping me bounce up and down on his rod. I took another look. Now, his cock was hammering into me with all the force our combined efforts could muster! It didn't take long before he groaned, tensed up and I felt jets of his hot cum filling my pussy!

All too soon it was over. I slumped down on top of Matt, and he hugged me tightly as we caught our breath. He gently lifted my chin and gave me a sensual kiss that seemed to go on forever.

We were so caught up in the moment that we didn't hear Kim and Lisa come back into the apartment. When we broke our kiss, I was startled back to reality seeing the two of them just staring at us with broad smiles.

Lisa said, "Well, well, well, look what we have here."

I felt Matt lurch in surprise at Lisa's voice. Out of desperation, he started reaching for anything he could find to cover us. The only thing available was a small pillow, which he used to cover his face in embarrassment.

Kim laughed and said, "Matt, you aren't embarrassed, are you?"

Matt didn't say anything, he just held the pillow to cover his face.

I was still laying on top, so they couldn't really see anything, except my ass, which they have seen a million times. I realized Matt was feeling the way I had felt the first time being naked in front of them. I wasn't too concerned about being caught because I was naked so often, but it was a little different this time since we had actually been caught having sex.

Kim continued, "Why don't you get up and show us what you have going on down there Matty boy? Come on, it's just us!"

Matt was blushing furiously.

Kim said, "If you want to continue to be a part of this, you better do what we say. If you don't, we won't let you come with us on our little adventures. Now get up and show us what you are sporting!"

I climbed off Matt, and he quickly moved the pillow from his face to cover his crotch. I was hoping he would do as they said because I wanted him to be a part of our stunts.

"Well, we're waiting," Kim said.

He slowly and reluctantly got up, still clutching the pillow to his crotch. Lisa motioned with her finger for him to get rid of the pillow. Matt tossed the pillow to the couch and stood naked in front of my 2 roommates with cum dripping from his now semi hard cock.

Kim and Lisa both mocked him a little about his shrinking dick and then said he had a pretty nice body. Lisa instructed him to turn around for them so they could see everything. With a sigh, he did as asked. They whistled their approval, and Matt covered his groin with his hands as he came back around to face us. He meekly asked them if he could go now and they said OK, but they might want to see more of him some other time as they laughed.

I told Matt he could clean up here and led him by the hand upstairs to my bedroom. Kim and Lisa shouted cat calls as they watched his naked ass go up the stairs.

When we got to my bedroom, we sat on the bed naked together and I said, "Now it's my turn to ask, are you OK?"

He said, "yeah, but that was really embar..." he stopped before finishing, probably realizing how I felt when I was naked in front of others.

I said, "Did you like it? Was it exciting for you?"

He said, "No, I didn't like that. I don't know how you survived what you have done. How does that make you want to do it more?"

That made me a little scared that he might think differently about me than he did a few minutes ago.

I said, "Please don't think I'm a slut. I don't know what it is about it that excites me. I can't help it!" Tears began to well up in my eyes.

Matt said, "Don't worry, I still think you are great. It just surprises me that this can make you excited."

We hugged again and he reassured me that he thought I was hot and sexy, and he enjoyed seeing me so excited.

I stood and pulled him up from the bed, leading him to the bathroom to clean up. He jumped in the shower while I went to get him a towel. When I returned to the bathroom, I stopped for a moment to revel in my newfound relationship. I was about to have a shower with my new BOYFRIEND!

I pulled the shower curtain back and stepped in with him. My hands wandered all over him as I soaped him up. His cock started to rise again as my soapy hands paid special attention to the area. At the same time, he was soaping my tits and belly, slowly working down to my pussy. His hands felt so good!

I turned around to allow him to do my back. As he stepped forward, his hardening cock nestled in the crack of my ass. I bent forward slightly to allow his length to slide into my gap, and he continued washing my back.

I turned to face him again, got up on my tip toes and embraced him under the hot shower. This created the perfect height for his cock to slide into the gap between my legs from the front this time. He gently rocked his hips back and forth, letting his cock slide under my pussy!

I could have stayed there forever, but the water was cooling down, so we knew it was time to get out. I stepped out and grabbed my towel and handed a towel to Matt. Matt finished drying first and helped me wrap the towel around my head to dry my hair. I stepped over to the mirror in the small bathroom and checked my face. There wasn't room for Matt to pass around me, so he gently rubbed my shoulders as he watched me.

I removed the towel from my hair and started to comb it out. I could see Matt's mostly hard cock in the mirror, bouncing lightly with his pulse as he watched me. When finished with my hair, I turned to Matt, grabbed his cock with my right hand and pulled him out of the bathroom, down the hall to my bedroom.

I sat on the bed with Matt standing in front of me. His hard cock was pulsing in front of my face. I ran my index finger over the head to the base, then back to the head. Then my finger made the same trip on the underside and returned. I bobbed his cock up and down with my fingertip, mesmerized by his hardness. Matt's abs were flexing, so I knew he was enjoying it. I was totally enthralled with his cock!

I noticed Matt's eyes scanning around the room. He was looking for his clothes. Without a word, we both realized all of our clothes were downstairs.

Matt said, "I'll just get the towel from the bathroom, and we can go down to get my clothes. Do you want to put on different clothes, or do you want the ones downstairs?"

I replied, "Um, I haven't been given permission to get dressed and I don't want to earn a punishment. You might be better off forgetting the towel and just going down as you are. You never know what those two will do. Maybe they aren't even here anymore."

Matt said, "I don't know if I can do that."

"Well, they have already seen you naked, so there's nothing to hide now. C'mon, I'll help you," I said.

I reached my hand out to him and he reached out his hand to help me off the bed. I lightly pushed his hand away and grasped his cock again. I could feel it pulsing in my hand! I used it to pull myself up from the bed. With a slight tug, I lead him through my bedroom door to the hallway. At the top of the stairs, I felt him hesitate. I gave his now rock-solid cock a squeeze and we cautiously started down the stairs.

I knew he must be really nervous, so I tried to descend the stairs as quietly as possible. When we reached the landing at the bottom, I looked around the corner to my right into the kitchen. No signs of Kim and Lisa. I pulled Matt forward toward the living room where our clothes were. We walked around the front of the couch expecting the clothes to be on the floor where we had thrown them off. There was nothing there!

I turned to look at Matt, still grasping and squeezing his hard-on. He looked like a deer caught in headlights! Without saying a word, he pointed with his finger to his left. I looked over and there stood Kim and Lisa! They must have heard us come down the stairs.

Lisa said, "Hey you two, what ya doin? Are you looking for something?"

Matt sheepishly asked, "Where are my clothes?"

Kim said, "They were covered in cum, so we put them in the washer."

Matt exclaimed, "WHAT? What am I supposed to do?"

Lisa said, "Don't worry, they will be ready in about an hour."

"What am I supposed to do until then?" Matt asked.

Lisa said, "I don't care what you do. Just make yourself at home. But, no going back upstairs or hiding or else we'll throw your clothes in the dumpster across the street."

Matt whined, "Come on, don't you have something I could put on?"

Kim said, "Yeah, maybe we can find something for you. Wait here."

She then disappeared upstairs, and Matt looked at me with an uneasy look. I innocently shrugged my shoulders. I felt a little bad for Matt, but there was nothing I could do and secretly, I was hoping it excited him.

I said to Matt, "Just relax and act like it doesn't bother you. We can watch some TV if you want. Why don't you go get us some sodas from the fridge?"

"But Lisa's in the kitchen."

I said, "Just go, and remember to act natural, like it doesn't bother you at all," as I gave him a slight push on the back to get him started.

He timidly started off toward the kitchen. It made me feel good that I was in control at this moment, directing his movements. He stopped at the entrance to the kitchen and looked in.

I heard Lisa say, "Can I help you?"

Matt said, "Um just getting some sodas."

Lisa giggled, "OK big boy, have at it. Still sporting that lovely woody, I see!"

I heard the refrigerator door open and close quickly. In no time, Matt was back with the sodas. I got off the couch in an attempt to slow him down as he handed me one.

"Relax and breathe," I said.

He was trying to push forward to sit down on the couch and get a little cover.

I put my hand on his chest and said, "Just calm down and enjoy. Think about it. You are naked in the apartment of 3 chicks!"

"It's embarrassing," he said.

"Trust me, I know. But don't you feel excited? Your cock seems to like it!"

I gave his hard cock a playful slap and watched it bounce up and down.

He said, "I'm scared shitless!"

"But look how hard your cock is," I said as I squeezed it again.

He pulled back from me slightly and whispered, "Please don't, I don't want them to see me with a hard-on."

I released his cock from my grip and kissed him. I didn't tell him there was a glob of pre-cum dangling about halfway down to the floor. It was so sexy!

Just then, Kim came back down the stairs and immediately noticed the pre-cum drooling from the tip of his cock. Matt still hadn't noticed as Kim approached him silently. She bent forward, reached out and touched the little glob with her finger. Matt looked down and instantly blushed a bright red from his head to his toes.

Kim called to Lisa in the kitchen, "Lis, you gotta come see this!"

Seconds later, Lisa came bounding out of the kitchen to the living room and saw Kim pulling and stretching the string of pre-cum dangling from Matt's dick.

Lisa teased, "Oooo, somebody is excited!"

Matt was too embarrassed to say anything and just stood there bare assed naked in front of my two fully clothed roommates as they played with the dick lube dangling from his cock!

I knew what Matt must be feeling, but it excited me to watch this. Anyway, he didn't have anything to worry about. He was hot and sexy, with a great body and beautiful dick. I felt just the slightest twinge of jealousy. This was my naked boyfriend they were playing with! But I knew they were just having fun and wouldn't try to take him from me, so I just watched and enjoyed.

Kim finally interrupted, "OK, that was fun, but you wanted something to wear while your clothes were being washed?"

Matt nodded slightly. Kim then produced from behind her back about a dozen pairs of panties that she had brought from upstairs.

Matt groaned and said, "No, that's ok, I'll just wait like this."

Kim said, "Oh no buddy boy, you asked for something to wear and I went all the way upstairs to get you something. Get over here and let's see which panties look best on our little Matty."

Matt couldn't have been blushing any harder, but his cock was still as hard as steel. He waddled over to the couch with his cock bobbing in front of him. The glob of drool was swaying from side to side until it attached itself to his right leg at about knee level.

We all gathered around the couch and Kim handed him a tiny, silky, white thong. He had them hooked on his index finger and just stood there silently staring at them.

Lisa finally said, "PUT THEM ON!"

He reluctantly bent down, guided his left foot through the leg opening and pulled the thong up to about the middle of his calf. Then he stepped in with his right foot and slowly began to pull them up. When he had them up as far as they would go, Kim, Lisa and I all laughed. The panties had his cock pinned against his belly with about 3/4 of it sticking out above the waistband. They were so small, his balls were hanging out, one on each side!

Lisa said, "Now do a little spin for us," and he quickly did an uninspired turn.

Kim said, "Slowly, so we can get a good look. In fact, I think we should document this with a photo."

Matt pleaded for them not to take pictures, but both Kim and Lisa started snapping away with their cell phones. They had me pose naked next to him, which didn't bother me much because I knew they already had lots of pictures of me. I secretly wished I could take a few pictures of him myself for our own pleasure but thought I didn't dare do anything without Kim or Lisa giving the OK.

Kim gave him a quick slap on his bare ass and told him to take the thong off and she would try to find something that fit a little better. Matt was still groaning and pleading with them to stop.

Lisa said, "Just shut up and quit whining. Besides, look how hard your cock is. It looks like you are enjoying this more than you want us to know."

Lisa was right, his cock was still rock hard and sticking straight out at us.

Next, Kim handed him a really cute pair of yellow, lace front bikini panties that had a flower design in the lace. He bent down this time without being asked and slowly started to pull them up. These were a much better fit. Just the tip of his cock was sticking out of the top. The back stretched severely, trying to contain his cute ass. Kim twirled her finger at him, signaling him to do another spin, which he did. This time, he did it more slowly and seemed to relax just a touch.

Kim and Lisa kept snapping pictures.

Then Kim said, "Look, his hair is sticking out of the lace!"

We all giggled again and even Matt had a slight smile on his face. Kim and Lisa got down low to take some close-up photos when Kim noticed another large ball of pre-cum forming on the tip of his cock as it was sticking out of the top of the panties. There was a large wet spot on his stomach that was beginning to flow down to his pubic hair and into the panties!

She said, "See, you are liking this. Look at that, you're getting our pretty panties all wet!"

This made Matt embarrassed all over again and he said, "I can't help it!"

We went through the routine of trying a dozen or so pairs of panties on Matt. The last pair was a shiny, very light pink, satin bikini with a dark pink bow at the waistband. I think they were Lisa's. Matt pulled them on, and like the others, they were way too small. Again, his hard cock, still oozing pre-cum was sticking out above the waistband. We spun him around and made jokes about his dick sticking out and how silly he looked. Matt even laughed a little bit. I guess he was slightly more comfortable now that he at least had something on.

Kim, Lisa and I slapped him on the butt, tickled his dick through the silky panties and played with the pre-cum that leaked from his slit. I could feel the wetness building up in my pussy again too.

Kim interrupted our play and said his clothes would be dry in about 30 minutes and we could do whatever we wanted as long as we stayed downstairs and didn't cover up. I asked Matt if he wanted to keep the panties on or go naked. He said he would keep the panties on.

We decided to fix ourselves a little snack, so we made some pizza bites. Every time Kim or Lisa came through the kitchen, they would tickle, tease and slap Matt on the butt. They didn't leave me alone either. They were teasing my erect nipples and running their fingers through my pubic hair and along my slit. The attention just made me tingle all over! Matt was still sporting a significant erection, so I know he enjoyed it, even if he was embarrassed.

We ate the pizza bites sitting at the kitchen table, me naked and Matt wearing only a silky pair of pink bikini panties. It was kind of surreal and sexy at the same time. When we finished, I took my plate and went over to Matt's chair and got his plate to take to the sink. As I was turning to go to the sink, Matt cupped and squeezed my ass gently. That sent shivers down my spine!

After putting the plates in the sink, I walked back to Matt and reached for his hand, pulling him up out of his chair. He was still erect, and the lube was still oozing from the head, down the shaft and into the panties, which had become noticeably darker from the wetness.

I led him by the hand back into the living room and over to the couch so we could talk. Just as we were sitting down, the dryer dinged signaling his clothes were dry.

Kim and Lisa both appeared, and Kim said, "OK Matt, your clothes are dry. I guess you can get dressed now. Unless you want to stay naked for a while."

Matt said, "I'll get dressed now." Then he looked at me and quietly said, "Sorry."

I guess he thought I might be mad that he was going to get dressed again and leave me as the only naked one. I was a little disappointed, I would have loved to have him stay somewhat naked with me, but I understood.

Lisa came over and said, "Well, if you are going to get dressed, we need the panties back."

Matt said, "OK, where are my clothes?"

Lisa said, "Oh no, panties first."

She walked over to him and stood in front of him. She collected some of the liquid from his slit on her index finger and rubbed little circles around the sensitive head.

She then said, "Are you sure you don't want to play some more? It looks like you are having fun!"

Matt said, "Uuuh, I think I'll get dressed."

Kim chimed in, "Are you still shy? Come on, we won't hurt you."

Matt answered, "No, I'll get dressed now."

Kim said, "Well, OK, I suppose we'll allow it this time."

Lisa pinched the waistband of the panties in her index finger and thumb, pulling it out so she could look inside. She gave a little whistle, then stretched the panties up over his cock to just the below his bellybutton, giving him a firm wedgie and then snapped the waistband against his stomach.

Without further instruction, Matt hooked his thumbs in the sides of the panties and started to inch them down as Lisa, Kim and I watched. When the waistband got to the head of his cock, it snagged, pulling his hard cock down until it broke free. It sprung back up and slapped against his belly, eliciting more laughter from Kim and Lisa. I thought it was sexy.

Before Matt could get the panties down past his knees, Lisa reached out and teasingly grasped the head of his cock, making a circle around it with her index finger and thumb. She pulled and stretched it upwards a couple of times. That was it! Matt let out a loud groan, rose to his tiptoes and tensed up as several jets of cum rocketed out, landing on my naked chest! His hips thrusting forward with each spurt.

We all stood there dumbfounded as Matt's cum trickled down from my tits, past my bellybutton and into my pubic hair. It was one of the hottest scenes I had ever witnessed!

Matt's cock was still twitching and dripping when I looked over to Lisa. I think she could tell I was a little hurt. This was the first time either Kim or Lisa had directly touched his bare cock. The only other touching was through the panties. I don't know why this hurt me, after all that had happened, but it did.

Lisa asked, "Uh oh, are you mad? Are you guys like a couple now?"

I said with a pout, "Well, kind of, I don't know. He IS my boyfriend."

"When did this happen? We didn't know that," Kim said.

"We've really liked each other for a while now, but just officially became boyfriend/girlfriend," I said.

Lisa said, "OK, we'll back off. We won't go any further, but his cock is so cute! Could we just play with it sometimes?"

I thought about it for a few seconds and said, "Weeeellll, only if I get to decide if it is going too far."

Kim said, "Deal!"

This was new for me. I was actually setting some rules!

Matt was left standing there naked in front of us with cum still dripping from his cock. We made this arrangement without a word from him.

So, I turned to him and asked, "Is that OK with you?"

Still in shock at what had just happened, he stumbled out, "I, uh, I guess so."

Kim, Lisa and I all stared at him for several uncomfortable seconds with big smiles on our faces as he stood with a blank stare.

Lisa broke the silence by saying, "Alright, I'll go get your clothes. Give me the panties."

The panties were still at Matt's knees, so he put his legs together and let them fall to the floor, then bent over to pick them up. Kim gave him a playful slap on the butt as he was bent over. Matt straightened up and held the panties out to Lisa hooked on his index finger. She snatched them from him and began rubbing them all over his cock and balls, wiping up the cum. Then, Lisa turned and headed to the laundry room.

Matt and I were butt naked in front of the fully clothed Kim. I could tell Matt was still embarrassed and I was a little too. It was an uneasy couple of minutes before Lisa returned with Matt's clothes. She approached Matt from the front and Kim approached from the back. Lisa stroked his cock and balls, and Kim fondled his ass, but Matt was just too sensitive after having just orgasmed and they couldn't get a rise out of him again.

Kim said, "Well, we have stuff to do, so we'll leave you guys alone now. And Matt, remember Missy is still obligated to do as we say. You are not to tell her about anything we have planned, got it?"

Matt nodded in agreement as both Kim and Lisa gathered their purses and keys and walked out the front door. Matt and I were left standing naked in the living room.

I looked at Matt and asked if he would stay naked while we cleaned up the mess in the house.

He asked, "Aren't you going to get dressed?"

I said, "I will after we clean up. It's just us. I like to see you walking around naked. Will you wait to get dressed?"

"OK, it's weird, but if it will make you happy, I will," he said.

I gave him a little peck on the mouth and we each set out in different directions cleaning up. It took about an hour, and I immensely enjoyed sneaking peeks at him. And I caught him ogling me as we both padded around the apartment naked!

When we finished cleaning, Matt came over to me and embraced me in the kitchen. Our still naked bodies pressing into each other. Suddenly, I felt his cock swelling against my belly. I pushed him back slightly and looked down to see it standing at attention once more.

I said, "Wow, you recovered fast!"

He said, "Well when I have a hot naked girl in front of me, what do you expect?"

I tapped his cock with my finger, reveling in the sight of it bouncing up and down. I don't know why I loved that so much, but it made me feel great that I could make him hard so easily.

I pulled and stroked his dick with my right hand as my left caressed his well-defined abs and slowly worked up to his chest and nipples. I tickled his nipples and gently kissed him.

I broke the kiss and knelt in front of him, still grasping his hard-on. My left hand slid between my legs and glided over my pussy. I pulled on his cock a couple more times, then opened my mouth and engulfed it!

Matt had his hands on his hips, leaning back so his thrusts could sync up with my mouth. He was breathing heavily as I slurped on his cock. He then moved his hands to the top of my head and stroked my hair as my left hand was busy playing in my pussy. I began working over his knob with my tongue and could feel the intensity of his hands in my hair build. I took a couple of final twirls of my tongue around the head of his cock, popped it out of my mouth and stood to face him. I decided to tease him a little.

"How ya feeling?" I giggled.

"Unnnng, pretty fuckin great!" he said.

"Are you ready to go home?" I asked.

"Well, uh, I guess so," He said in a disappointed tone.

"Was there something else you wanted?" I teased.

"Um, no I guess not," he answered.

"GOT YA! I was just teasing! You want me to finish you off?"

He looked around and said, "YOU MEAN HERE -- NOW?"

I said "yeah, why not? I mean I don't think you're in much of a position to say no, right?"

"What if they come back?" He said.

"So what. They already saw pretty much everything you have, so why not? Besides, I can't have you go home in this state."

He didn't respond, so I stepped to the side and grabbed his cock again. I reached to my pussy and got some of my lube on my hand and began lightly stroking, barely making contact with his cock. My hand was sliding effortlessly from the base back up until my pinky was the only finger left touching him and then back down again! Matt was moaning in ecstasy.

My strokes started off slow and began to gain speed. My hand was picking up his pre-cum with every stroke, keeping everything well lubed. The intensity of his moaning increased, and his legs started to tremble. I knew he was close.

With a final few strokes, his hips thrusted forward, and I aimed his cock out in front of him waiting for the eruption! His cock started twitching and suddenly, a jet of cum burst out and landed on the kitchen floor about 3 feet in front of us! Then another and another and another! His tense body then relaxed, and I grabbed his balls with my left hand as I continued to milk his cock with my right. He softened a little bit as the last few drops of cum dripped to the floor.

He said, "Sorry."

I said, "For what? I loved that!"

He pulled me around, guided my face to his and kissed me deeply.

He whispered, "I love you. Uh, um, I mean, you know, I loved that."

I said, "I know what you mean, don't worry about it."

He obviously blurted the I love you out without thinking. It was understandable, given the day we had just had. But we both knew the sentiment was premature.

To ease the tension, I said, "Clean-up on isle 3!"

Matt laughed at that and the I love you was forgotten.

He said, "I should help you clean up."

I replied, "I'll take care of it. Here, you get dressed."

I handed him his clothes and went to get some wet rags to clean-up isle 3. When I returned, Matt had his underwear on and was pulling his shirt over his head. I stood and admired his form for a few seconds, and he pulled his shorts on.

I walked Matt to the front door to see him out. He gave me another kiss and we hugged again in the open door. I had totally forgotten that I was still naked. A car drove by, but I don't think they saw me. Matt said goodbye and said he would call me as he walked out to his car. I was in total bliss as I had a new boyfriend! I stood naked in the open doorway and waved goodbye to him as he drove away. When he was gone, I closed the door and went to the kitchen to finish the clean-up and think about everything that had happened over the course of the day. I remained naked the rest of the night and went up to bed and drifted off to sleep with wonderful thoughts of Matt.

Oh yeah, I almost forgot, I had a naked adventure awaiting me that I knew no details of yet!

