The Norfolk Broads
by Jillykins ©
For two years running Chris and I took short break boating holidays on the 
Norfolk Broads. Although on both occasions it had been early in the year 
we had some nice weather there.

These were nautical occasions or perhaps I should say naughty occasions as 
each time we both wore as little as possible. I wore a special "uniform". 
It was a short, thin, white tee shirt that hardly reached to the vee at 
the top of my legs when I stood upright. Apart from this tee shirt and my 
shoes I wore nothing at all, no skirt, no knickers and no bra, I don`t 
normally wear knickers or bras anyway, I was "barely" covered. 

What is more as I always keep my pussy shaven it means that my large 
labial lips are always exposed, even when my legs are together, my sex is 
not hidden by a lot of hair and when I am dressed like this my sex lips 
are always excited, swollen and even more visible especially as the tee 
shirt did not quite cover them. When I leaned forward to tie the ropes 
either on the boat or the bank the tee shirt rode up right to completely 
expose my bum and those very prominent lips of my naked sex clearly 
displayed between my thighs, to anyone who cared to look my way. 

No matter where we were this was my working dress when on the boat or 
ashore mooring it etc. It had "I love to screw", stencilled on it in sign 
language just above my left breast, I`m sure that you can imagine what I 
mean. 

Off the boat I always wore my shortest flared skirts and dresses again 
never with any undies. All of my tops were see-through, lace or 
transparent nylon so that my erect nipples could always be seen through 
them. Because it was only spring I usually wore an open jacket over these 
tops, but when we were in a pub to eat I always took the jacket off so 
that my breasts and nipples were clearly visible through the blouse. When 
I sat down I always made sure that I spread my short skirt away so that it 
was my naked, knickerless bum on the seat. 

We started off from Stalham and as soon as we had dropped the boatman 
off I went below to strip and don my uniform. We continued down the river 
Ant heading toward Great Yarmouth and onwards. 

Often while cruising, when warm enough we both went naked. Sometimes I 
even went ashore naked to tie the boat up. Chris took some photos of me 
standing nude on the river bank then leaning back against the cockpit at 
the front of the boat. I posed for him wearing just a life jacket and then 
in my uniform and then again naked. In each of the poses my legs were 
spread wide apart to display my shaven, moist and glistening sex, the 
labia swollen and clitoris erect to the camera. On one occasion while I 
was posing we could hear another boat chugging toward us and another was 
moored just 50 yards away. We just carried on taking the photos. 

For the second year the weather was not so good when we started off, once 
again from Stalham, but it improved as our little holiday progressed, so 
did my daring. This time we sailed non stop to Norwich. On our arrival by 
the Norwich Yacht Club, in the centre of the city, I stepped ashore 
wearing just my "uniform" to moor the boat, as I bent to tie the ropes the 
tee shirt rode up to completely expose my naked arse and with my legs 
spread my cunt lips could be clearly seen between my open thighs. I was 
virtually naked from the waist down and in a very public place. 

I walked round the city wearing a short mini skirt, and a lace see through 
blouse my braless breasts and aroused, dark, nipples showing as my jacket 
flapped open as I walked. 

One day the sun shone making it warm enough for sunbathing so we moored 
against the bank on a wide bend in the river and we both stripped naked 
laying out on the top of the cabin. When we heard another boat chugging 
along the river, we would quickly slip our swimming things on but this 
seemed a bit unnecessary after a couple of times so we just draped a towel 
over lower parts, I remained topless and eventually I threw caution and 
the towel, to the wind and just lay naked, while the boats chugged slowly 
by. Chris took photos of me laying on the cabin top legs parted showing my 
clean shaven and very excited cunt to the camera while a boat passed by in 
the background. 

We even went ashore naked and walked away from our boat along the footpath 
beside the river bank. If anyone had come along we had nothing with which 
to cover our naked bodies. I was getting so turned on by this time I 
almost wished that someone might come along and see us naked like this and 
see my erect nipples and swollen, exposed shaven cunt lips. 

Back on the boat and with the sun beating down on me and the sexy 
situation that we were in, with boats passing by as I lay naked, I was 
feeling very aroused and so too was Chris, his prick standing proud and 
erect. We started caressing each other, I played with his erect prick as 
he caressed and sucked my nipples, my legs parted to permit his fingers to 
slip between my pouting sex lips, which were aching for something bigger 
to fill it. It was not long before he lay down and I straddled him to 
present my dripping pussy to his eager mouth and he sucked my excited lips 
as I took his rock hard cock deep into my willing mouth. We were 
completely exposed, in the open on the top of the boat so that anyone 
could see us sucking each other off, it felt so exciting. Soon he rolled 
on top of me opened my legs wide and I guided that rampant cock between my 
slippery lips into my cunt giving me the relief that I longed for. We 
fucked furiously in the open on the top of the cabin. His cock pistoning 
in and out of my eager and highly excited cunt, I think the danger spurred 
us on. We were really too far gone to stop when we heard a boat coming, 
luckily so did Chris shooting his spunk deep inside me and he rolled off 
me just before it came into view. I lay naked on the cabin top with his 
come running out of my open cunt and down between the cheeks of my bum. If 
he had not come when he did I feel sure that we would have carried on 
regardless and would have been seen fucking. It was a super fuck and made 
all the better knowing that we might have been spotted. I think that it 
adds a bit of spice to sex to be seen naked where least expected and it 
excites me and makes my juices run. 

Our boat had very large windows and no matter where we were I was quite 
happy moving about inside stark naked even when we were tied up at the 
river bank or as other boats passed by. I could clearly be seen from 
outside no matter where we were. I know that Chris loves me to expose 
myself whenever possible and for people to see that I don't wear knickers 
under my short skirts. He loves me to go out in the shortest of skirts and 
I’m quite happy to please him when we are together. 

One morning we went for a stroll around the village of Horning. As usual I 
was wearing a tiny, flared tennis skirt and Chris was taking every 
opportunity to flip it up and slip his hand under it to feel my naked arse 
or finger my split hoping that some of the people around would see my lack 
of knickers. All of a sudden the wind blew up went my skirt right up to my 
waist. There I was walking down the main village street naked from the 
waist down, with everything on show, bare arse, shaven cunt, everything. I 
will never know if I was spotted and was expecting some strange looks but 
none came. I guess that the village should be renamed as "Horny" as that 
was what we both were that morning. 

All too soon our little holiday was over and it was back to work and 
wearing my undies again. I must admit that I always get quite a thrill 
from being knickerless and completely naked under my skirt especially with 
a warm breeze wafting round my hairless bare lips and the danger that it 
presents that it is quite possible for others to learn my little secret 
and see that I am knickerless as might have done on that occasion. 

Chris wants me to simply leave my skirt alone if the wind blows it up but 
my natural instinct is to brush it down again. How would you feel walking 
down the street naked from the waist down with your knickerless shaven 
cunt on show in public? 
