Author: mypenname3000
Commissioned by: n1one
Title: Instagram Mind-Controlled Cheerleaders Chapter One: Three Cheer Sluts Obey the Chat
Summary: A brother mind-controls his sister and her busty cheerleader frinds with his comments on Instagram.
Keywords: FF FFF MFFF inc mc oral facial anal rim trib 1st exhib voy

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by n1one!

Greg Martin

I was unemployed. Again. I'd hear it from my mom, but she wasn't here at the lake house. My parents owned it. I could stay out here. Relax. Watch my sister and her two cheerleader friends practicing their moves down by the lake.

I was up on the second-floor balcony, sitting on one of the patio chairs watching them prancing around by the lake in their pink skirts and white tops. They shook their pompoms, their boobs bouncing in such exciting ways.

Three hotties. Even my cunty little sister. That was Stacy. Tall. Long, black hair. Round tits. The smallest boobs of the group. Next up in breast size was Nathalie. She had long, red hair and was the most acrobatic of the group. Right now, she was doing a headstand, her skirt falling down to expose those dumb bloomers they wore beneath.

Not panties, sadly.

The biggest tits of the trio belonged to Bianca. Blonde and playful, her tits were huge. I mean, they gave my mother's big boobs a run for their money. If my sister was a C, and Nathalie a Double D, then Bianca had to be rocking at least F cups if not G's. They were big and perky.

I was hard watching them. I wanted to fuck them all.

My sister's phone came out. She took a photo of Nathalie doing her handstand. I knew what was going on. I snagged my phone, wanting to see my sister's Instagram page. She posted everything there. Just everything! I hit the power button on the side of my phone. My lock screen appeared. I went to draw my pattern on the grid of dots when my phone sparked.

Shit! I gasped as it vibrated in my hand. Smoke rose from the side. Shit, shit, shit, don't be dead!

I didn't have the money for a new one. Mom wouldn't give it to me. Nor Dad. They were cutting me off. Greg, you're twenty-two now, Dad had growled just last week. Time to be an adult. Get out on your own.

Fucker.

My stomach curdled as I pushed the on button again. The black screen stared back at me for one second. Two. Three. My insides squirmed. Four seconds. Fuck, fuck, fuck. Five seconds. Sweat broke out across my brow. Six

The LG logo appeared on my phone. I let out a sigh as it started booting up. It loaded the phone. It was working. The case was still way too warm, but it just had to turn on. The lock screen appeared again. I drew in my pattern and...

I was in.

Yes, I said, glancing at the girls prancing again. They were so fucking hot. I opened Instagram and logged into my new account. My sister and her friends had blocked me from all their accounts. I'm your sister, perv! Stop staring at our pics! That's super gross! Ugh! I'd ban you from my life if I could! Sadly RL doesn't have a block button.

My new account, @chazmac, loaded. I found my sister's profile and smiled at that picture of Nathalie doing a handstand. There were some other new pics. I smiled. I wanted to do some commenting on them. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stacy Martin

Your creepy brother is watching us again, Bianca said, her hands on her hips, her large boobs stretching out her white top, a sleeveless garment called a shell. Her pink, pleated skirts fell down to her mid-thigh, matching the uniform Nathalie and I wore. 

Gross, Nathalie said, her face twisting with disgust. Greg is such a fucking disgusting perv!

Ignore him, I said. Let's work through the routine again. But first... Selfie, girls!

Nathalie and Bianca both grinned. They pressed on either side of me as I held my phone out, aiming it at us. I had us perfectly framed and took the picture. I posted it on Instagram. Me and my cheer gals rocking it at the lake house! #cheergals #blessed #lakefun!

I posted it then grinned at my friends. We started our practice. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Greg Martin

The new pic appeared. The three of them pressed tight. It was time for Chaz to be a perv. I wondered if they would ban me with that hunk on the profile pic. I bet they would think it's hot some beefcake was perving on their pics.

Post would be hotter if you did it in your sports bras! I commented on the post. Take those tops off!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stacy Martin

My phone beeped with a notification. I turned the screen on and read the newest comment. It just made so much sense to me. Ooh, Chaz has a great idea, gals, I said. I smiled at my friends. Tops off! Just our sports bras!

Ooh, that sounds great, said Bianca as she peeled off her top, revealing those F-cups of hers held in a gray sports bra. They were so big and moved even with the restriction of the bra. 

Yep! Nathalie agreed, hers coming off next. She had a black sports bra on constraining those Double D's of hers. Her red hair spilled around her face.

Mine came off next. I had on a white sports bra. My C-cups were just so cute. We resumed our cheer practice, running through a routine. Our legs were kicking, my brother watching us in just our bras. I didn't like that, but Chaz's idea was just too perfect. We had to do this. Nothing else made a lick of sense. What other way could we do this?

I couldn't think of a better way. Not at all.

So we bounced around in our sports bras before it was time for another picture. Only I found another comment from Chaz among the others from my friends. Chaz's just felt... important. Like his posts  stood out in such an exciting way. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Greg Martin

I was shocked when they dropped their tops and started doing it in their sports bras. They listened to Chaz. I had to push it farther. You should drop your bloomers and panties. Go commando beneath then film some high kicks and other routines. Really tease your fans. That'd be hot.

There was no way they'd do that. I hit post and waited for my sister to check her phone. I bet her reaction would be hilarious. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stacy Martin

Chaz has another great idea, I said, a big smile on my lips. He wants us to go commando and to film each other. So drop those panties and bloomers, gals!

Hot! Bianca said as she reached up beneath her skirt. 

Right, I said, doing the same, still holding my phone. It was a tad awkward, and I felt my gross, fat brother watching us. That loser should be at work, not here ogling my friends. Ugh, I hoped he didn't see anything. But luckily, he was banned from my Instagram profile.

I stepped out of my white panties and pink bloomers, feeling the air brushing the shaved folds of my pussy. I had a cute landing strip leading to my pussy. This exciting flush shot through me. My nipples hardened. 

Ooh, someone's getting nippley, said Nathalie, pointing at my sports bra with two prominent nubs pushing on the fabric.

Yeah, you, I said as hers poked at her black sports bra. And Bianca.

It's just so naughty going commando, she said. 

Yep! I switched my Instagram to film. I knelt to get some good shots. Okay, do some high kicks and some booty shakes.

My friends grinned at me. They kicked their legs up high. I shuddered at the sight of their skirts flaring and their pussies flashing. Bianca had a shaved twat, like me, but Nathalie 
had a trimmed, red bush. It was only for a second that you could see their snatches, but it was hot.
Holy shit, posted Tania. That's wild. I can't believe I just saw some beaver.

You three are being naughty, Mary added. Wow. I didn't know you could post that on Instagram.

Chaz said we had to, I said aloud as my cheer gals did two more high kicks, flashing more of their pussies.

Well, yeah, if Chaz said so, Mary said. That makes sense.

He has the best suggestions, Kelly added. Ooh, booty shakes. Jiggle those asses!

My friends had turned around and were shaking their rumps at the camera, the pleated skirts flaring up to flash glimpses of their naked rumps. It was so amazing to watch. I was getting aroused by how naughty this was. It was so... illicit. So wicked.

They started twerking, popping their hips. Their skirts flared up to show off more of their rumps. This was getting even steamier. I quivered then shoved my phone down to do a quick upskirt shot of my own to tease the audience. The comments were spilling up the screen as I pulled it back. 

More and more of my friends were on. Girls and guys both. Then one name popped out. One comment that just stood out like a neon sign on a dark night. My eyes stared at it as a wave of heat rushed through me.

Take those bras off. Even hotter!

Chaz says, bras off, gals! I cried, still filming my friends.

They spun around. Nathalie was first, pulling off her black sports bra. Her Double D's spilled out, freckled like her face. She threw her bra down, her boobs jiggling. A heartbeat later, Bianca's even bigger boobs spilled out. They were gorgeous tits. I loved the sight of them with their fat, pink nipples. 
They jiggled them as I quickly slid my own sports bra off, still trying to film as I did it. I freed my round breasts from their constraining garment. I twisted the camera and filmed my tits quivering there, jiggling in such an inviting way.

Mmm, there's my boobs out, too, I purred and went back to filming my friends as they pranced around. Their tits bounced up and down, skirts flaring and flashing twats. Over five hundred people were now watching it.

My Instagram streams had never been this popular. Comments were flying. Calling us hot, loving our tits, praising how bold we were. Lots of skeezy guys were commenting. I was watching out for just one name as I filmed my friends.

Only one named in the comments mattered. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Greg Martin

Fuck me, I groaned, my eyes flicking from the video on my phone to my sister and her friends prancing around topless down by the lake. This was insane. Why were they listening to Chaz?

How were they even posting nudity on Instagram? This livestream should have shut down, but maybe Instagram's bots weren't working today. I don't know, but it was hot. Tits heaving and slapping together. Skirts flaring to flash pussies. My sister turned the camera around to capture her own bouncing tits then she shoved it beneath to show off her shaved cunt.

This is really happening, I groaned, the comments flying by. They listened to mine. A lot of guys were telling them to kiss. To take off the skirts. To eat pussy, but my sister and her friends ignored them. But if I posted...

The three of you should take a selfie of your tits all pressed together. Like in a circle, shot from top-down. It'll help with team cohesion. I pushed the POST button. Mine flew up into the other comments, lost in a second.

Shit.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stacy Martin

I don't know how I read Chaz's comments. They were scrolling by so fast that it was a blur of horny guys telling us to do gross and pervy things, but Chaz's... It just made sense. I was able to read it all despite it being on my screen for no more than a heartbeat.

Ooh, Chaz has a suggestion to help with team cohesion, I said as my friends were shaking their pompoms over their heads, the flutter of tassels filling the air. I killed the livestream. He says we should form a circle and press our tits together. Then take a picture, I guess from above, to show them off.

I love it! Bianca said, throwing her pompoms down. The pink-and-white, puffy balls fell to the ground. Let's do it!

Yes! squealed Nathalie. She rushed over to me and pushed up real close, her naked tit rubbing into mine.

Then Bianca was on the other side of me. Their tits felt so warm and soft on mine. I loved the feeling as we pushed in tight. Their other boobs pushed together. We were skin to skin. It was so exciting. I had to shift around to bring my phone into place by reaching around Bianca's shoulders and taking the shot above us.

I love this, Nathalie said as I snapped the picture.

Me, too, I said and pulled apart to post the picture. Instantly, comments flooded through. A hundred guys all posting such disgusting things. Ugh, like we'd ever do lezzie stuff. We're straight. Just because we're cheerleaders, doesn't mean we eat each other's pussies.

Pigs, Bianca said.

Stacy, to be even closer to Nathalie, you should eat her pussy. Give your phone Bianca so she can livestream it to Instagram.

Chaz! I squealed. Ooh, he has another great idea, I told my friends, handed my phone to Bianca, and licked my lips. It would be my first time eating pussy. I was so ready to do it. Chaz had the best ideas.

Chaz says that Nathalie should be standing up, bent over, with her hands on her knees, Bianca reported. That way he can watch her tits swinging as you eat out her pussy from behind while kneeling, Stacy.

Such a great idea, I said. God, Chaz is the best.

He is, Nathalie said as she adopted the pose, bending over and thrusting her rump out at me. Bianca flipped up her skirt for me, exposing Nathalie's trimmed bush. Her short curls did little to hide her tight slit. Her juices beaded her pubic hairs. Eat me, Stacy!

Yes! I moaned and slapped my hands down on my friend's rump. I gripped her ass and leaned my face towards her vulva. I breathed in her spicy musk. That was her pussy. I closed my eyes and nuzzled my lips into her bush.

I kissed her twat.

A hot shiver ran through me as the spicy flavor of her pussy bled through my lips. It was good. I could believe that. Chaz said this was the best way to be closer to my cheer gal, then it had to be an amazing experience. She had to taste wonderful. Feel wonderful. Be wonderful.

I licked my first cunt, Bianca live-streaming this happy moment to Instagram. Nathalie shuddered and moaned as my tongue stroked through her folds. I licked from her clit up to her taint. She quivered, her butt-cheeks clenching beneath my hands as I loved the texture.

Yes, Nathalie groaned. Oh, Stacy, that's amazing.

You taste amazing, I groaned and licked again.

The comments are going nuts, Bianca said. There's thirteen thousand people watching this. I can't even read them. They're just flying by too fast.

Just watch for Chaz, I moaned.

I licked and lapped at my friend's snatch, sliding my tongue through her folds. I parted them over and over again. She was no virgin. Cheerleading tended to lead to popped cherries, and we all had boyfriends. My tongue dipped into her juicy hole with every pass.

I squeezed her rump, loving the feel of her. She had such a delicious rump. Nice and toned from cheering. I thrust my tongue into her pussy. She gasped as I sank into her depths. She quivered there as I swirled around in her.

Stacy! she moaned. Oh, god, Stacy, that's incredible. Just wild. I love it so much!

I bet you do, Bianca purred. Ooh, I've never had a girl go down on me. Is it better than a guy?
Better than my boyfriend! Nathalie clamped her cunt down around my tongue. Oh, wow, she's just in me. She's licking around without any fear. She wants to make me cum!

I do, I whimpered and licked at her hard, gathering up those spicy juices of hers. She had such a yummy tasting pussy. I just had to make her explode.

I wanted her to cum so hard on my face. My tongue slid over her folds, brushing her clit over and over again. I fluttered against her bud, knowing how much I loved my pearl to be polished by a tongue. Her curls tickled my lips and nose as I feasted on her.

Pussy cream trickled down my chin as I lapped at her. My tongue fluttered up and down her. I lapped at her with such hunger. I caressed her with such passion. Bianca moved around us, filming the entire time. Thirteen thousand people were watching this.

Thirteen thousand! I was becoming an influencer!

I lapped at my friend's twat with hunger. I put my all into pleasing her. I wanted her to cum. Just to drown me in her pussy cream. That would be amazing. I was so eager for it. Just so ready for all her pussy cream to gush out and drown me.

Yes, yes, yes, Nathalie moaned as my tongue fluttered against her clit.

Oh, oh! gasped Bianca. Chaz posted another comment! He thinks you should lick Nathalie's asshole and finger her twat to make her cum!

I never would have licked an asshole before. They were dirty. Nasty. But... Chaz suggested it. He knew what he was talking about. If that was what I had to do to bond with Nathalie and make us work even better together, then I would rim the fuck out of her asshole.

I licked up her pussy slit to her taint. I stroked across it and between her butt-cheeks to her asshole. I swiped right over her sour hole. The earthy flavor suffused my taste buds, devouring the spicy musk of her pussy. It was such a dirty thing to do.

My pussy churned as I rimmed my friend's ass. I licked at her as she groaned, Bianca filming me. Hot cream ran down my thighs as I licked and lapped at my friend's twat. I caressed Nathalie with hunger. I stroked through her folds, making her shudder.

I pressed my fingers through her curls to the folds of her pussy. I thrust two of them into her snatch. Nathalie moaned as my digits buried into her snatch. Her head tossed, red hair flying. I licked at her with asshole with hunger as I fingered her cunt.

That is so hot, Bianca moaned.

She's got her tongue dancing around my asshole, Nathalie moaned, her butt-cheeks squeezing around my face. This is wild! Stacy!

Mmm, Nathalie, I purred and swirled my tongue across her sphincter. This is so naughty. Chaz was right, this is what I need to do!

I shuddered as I licked at her asshole, my mind burning with that certainty. Chaz knew what he was doing when he had me do this. I was having so much fun tonguing her asshole. I swirled around her backdoor, savoring this heat. 

It was amazing. Wild. I loved every nasty second of it. I thrust my tongue against her asshole. I pushed on her sphincter. She groaned as her anal ring widened and widened. Then my tongue popped in and wiggled about in her. She groaned as I did that.

I swirled about in her asshole. She moaned, her bowels clenching about my tongue as I did that. I thrust in and out of her. I fucked into her asshole's depths, soaking in her earthy musk. My fingers thrust in and out of her pussy at the same time.

I churned her up as she moaned, Stacy!

What is she doing to you? Bianca asked. There's twenty-two thousand people watching this.

She's got her tongue buried in my asshole, Nathalie gasped. She's wiggling it about in me as her fingers are churning up my pussy.

Are you going to cum? Bianca moved to stand before me. This was such a wild thing to do to her. I loved it so much. Huh? Are you going to burst with rapture?

Yes!

Nathalie's pussy clamped down on my fingers while her asshole squeezed about my tongue. I groaned, fucking in and out of her earthy bowels. She had such a nasty flavor. I was loving it. Chaz was so right. This was the best.

My fingers thrust in and out of her cunt. Her juices soaked my digits, a trickle running down the side of my hand to my wrist. I loved plunging into her twat. She gripped me with her hot flesh. It was such a wild thing to do to her.

My tongue swirled through her asshole as I fucked her cunt. She moaned louder and louder. Bianca moved around us, filming it all. It was so exciting having her doing that. I loved it so much. My heart pounded in my chest as I loved this so much.

Oh, my fucking god, Nathalie moaned, her butt-cheeks squeezing around my face. Shit, Stacy. You're driving me wild. You got that tongue so deep in my asshole. I'm going to cum!

Cum! Bianca moaned. Chaz wants you to cum!

My thumb found her clit and rubbed at it. I had to make her cum. For Chaz.

My friend moaned louder and louder. Nathalie's asshole clamped down on my tongue, and her pussy squeezed about my fingers. I buried into her snatch over and over again. She trembled there, her head tossing. 

She squealed in delight as her asshole went wild around my tongue. Her pussy spasmed around my fingers. She quivered there, her naughty passion sweeping through everything. It was so wild. I loved it so much.

I ripped my fingers out of her pussy. I ducked my head down to her snatch and drank her pussy cream gushing out of her pussy. Her spicy juices bathed my lips as she squealed out her passion. My cunt burned in envy.

Stacy! squealed Nathalie. Oh, my god, Stacy!

That's hot, cooed Bianca. That's so fucking hot! The watchers love it!

Joy surged through me as I gulped down all of Nathalie's spicy passion. It was wonderful to swallow her juices. I gulped it all down with everything that I had. My tongue licked at her bush as she quivered there.

She gasped out in delight as I tongued her twat. I gripped her ass, my fingers with her cunt cream. I drank the same delight. I swallowed every last drop of her pussy juices that I licked up. She moaned through her orgasm. Bianca immortalized it on Instagram.

Oh, wow, that was wondrous, Stacy, Nathalie groaned and pulled away from me, leaving me dripping in pussy cream. 

Ooh, ooh, Chaz wants us to drop our skirts and scissor, Stacy, Bianca said, thrusting her phone at Nathalie. Your turn to film.

Scissor? I gasped. Ooh, like lesbians.

He says since we are both shaved, we'll get the most out of it. Bianca beamed, her big tits jiggling before her. Isn't he so wise?

Yeah, I said, a big smile spreading on my lips. We're so lucky to have his advice.

So lucky, sighed Nathalie, her freckled cheeks as red as her hair. Her large breasts rose and fell with her panting breaths. I have you!

I dropped my skirt, utterly naked now. This was such a wild cheer practice. The wind rippled cool off the lake. My disgusting brother was still watching us, but Chaz hadn't told us to go inside, so we had to do it here. Oh, well. 

Small sacrifices to obey Chaz's amazing commands.

I sank to the ground and spread my legs. My pussy juices gleamed on my curls. I felt so wicked right now. Just so naughty. I would have a hot orgasm with my friend. Scissoring like real, live lesbians. I wasn't into girls, though Nathalie had such a yummy pussy, but I knew this would feel good.

Bianca dropped down beside me on the trimmed grass. She spread her legs and scissored them with mine. Entwined, she scooted closer, her big boobs heaving as she did so. They rippled in such enticing ways while my smaller titties just quivered.

I sucked in excited breaths. This was so wicked. I couldn't wait for her to press her cunt against mine. My heart beat faster and faster. She approached. A foot away. Six inches. Three. A naughty shudder ran through me. Two. One.

Our cunts kissed.

Fuck! I gasped at the hot contact.

Ooh, Nathalie cooed. The chat just erupted with lewd comments. So many pervs like your brother are watching. But so is Chaz. He says, 'Grind those snatches together and cum, sluts!'

Yes! Bianca and I squealed at the same instance. 

We humped our pussies together. My shaved vulva rubbed on hers. I felt her slit. Her pussy lips. Her clit. She brushed my bud. Sparks flared from that wonderful contact. I quivered in delight, loving the way it felt to grind against her.

Our slippery twats slid around each other as we rotated our hips. Pleasure rippled through me from the contact. It was such a wild moment to do this to each other. I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest as my boobs jiggled. Bianca's bounced.

Shit, shit, shit, I moaned as we ground our snatches together, our clits kissing.

Go Bianca! Go Stacy! Nathalie chanted. Grind those twats tight! Work those hips right! Grinding and bumping and tribbing wet. Cheer gals moaning and gasping as they pussy pet! Rising towards their gasps. Heading towards the pass! To cumming and squealing and climaxing hard! Cheerleader sluts scissoring... Fuck, I can't rhyme!

It was good, I moaned as I humped against Bianca. We'll work on it.

Later, later! gasped Bianca. I'm grinding my twat tight and working my hips right!

Yes!

I shuddered as our pussies worked together. It felt so wild to do this. Just so naughty to hump together. I loved this so much. It was an incredible rush to trib with my cheer gal. Nathalie filmed us for twenty-thousand or more people to watch.

I smiled at the camera, winking at it. My round and perky pompoms heaved as I tribbed Bianca. My clit slid over her pussy lips, savoring the slippery heat of her wet slit. I loved it. Her bud massaged my vulva and labia.

The pleasure swelled in me. I licked my lips, tasting spicy pussy cream. I groaned, loving scissoring with Bianca. I watched the blonde's big boobs bouncing. My black hair swayed behind me as we writhed on the grass.

I didn't care that I was staining my ass green. Not one bit.

God, this is hot, Nathalie said, rubbing at her furred muff as she filmed. The chat loves it. Chaz loves it!

Good, I moaned. Oh, Chaz, we're doing this for you! 

Fuck, yes! gasped Bianca as she ground her cunt hard against mine.

Our slippery flesh massaged each other. The pleasure rippled through me. This wonderful ecstasy would just burst out of me. I couldn't wait for it to drown me. It was spectacular. I quivered here, my big boobs smacking together.

I shuddered, my face contorting with delight at how amazing this felt. It was an outstanding passion. My heart beat faster and faster. I quivered, my face twisting with delight. I loved this heat. This passion. It was a joy.

 A true delight to have her pussy grinding on mine. 

A wave of heat swept through me as my cunt rubbed on hers. My orgasm built and built with every second. Every wondrous moment of grinding on her. This was such a thrill to do. I was so glad to do this with her. 

I groaned as she humped against me. She felt so wonderful on me as we moaned and gasped. Our hot cunts rippled together. We were going to cum so hard. Just explode with rapture. That would be such a wild moment.

Oh, god, your tits are so cute, Stacy, moaned Bianca. 

Yours are so fucking big! I grinned as those soft tits rippled as they heaved. It's hypnotic watching those boobs.

Right? asked Nathalie, her fingers sliding up and down her pussy. Ooh, Chaz likes that I'm masturbating. He must have guessed or something. Only your brother can see that I'm rubbing myself.

I rolled my eyes. I didn't want to think about that fat perv as I ground my cunt on Bianca's cunt. My cheer gal humped against me. I loved it so much. My orgasm swelled faster and faster. I hurtled towards that moment when I would climax. It came faster and faster.

Our clits kissed. Pleasure sparked from our buds. The pleasure sizzled through my cunt. I loved that so much. I savored that sensation as I worked my hips in slow circles. This was an incredible moment. I felt it building and building in me.

That moment of eruption.

That moment of bursting with delight.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned. Oh, that's so good. That's amazing. I'm going to cum!

Me, too, Bianca moaned, her hips swiveling in a new way, smearing her clit back and forth across mine. Just... Just... Fuck!

Her body bucked. Hot cunt cream bathed my snatch. I gasped in matching delight, my pussy writhing with hers. It was an incredible burst of ecstasy that swept through me. My orgasm burst in my pussy. My juices squirted out to mix with hers.

Oh, my god, that's amazing! I howled. I bucked with such rapture. Yes, yes, yes! 

My orgasm swept through me. I shuddered, loving this heat that washed through my body and gusted over my mind. A blast of ecstasy like peering into a hot oven. I trembled, blasted by euphoria as I ground against Bianca's cunt.

Oh, fuck, yes, Stacy! Bianca howled, our cumming twats rubbing together.

It was so wet between us. Our juices smeared between us. It was wild. I loved it so much. I savored this wonderful heat rushing through me. It was an amazing delight to experience this bliss. To enjoy this ecstasy.

My body trembled through my pleasure. The heat reached such temperatures of mind-melting rapture. I quivered there. My cunt writhed against hers. Our shaved vulvas smeared together as the cream soaked the grass beneath us. 

I gasped and collapsed, panting. My orgasm passed. 

Oh, my god, I moaned. I feel so much closer as a team!

Cumming is the best! squealed Nathalie. Put your cheer team to the test!

Isn't it, 'Incest is the best so put your brother to the test'? asked Bianca.

Eww, not my brother, I panted, my round tits rising and falling as I lay on my back staring up at the blue sky. God, I feel amazing. Eating cunt cream is quite the scream! Ugh, that rhyme made no sense. Scream? What's a good word that rhymes with cunt?

Bunt? panted Nathalie. Hunt?

Ooh, guess what, Chaz thinks we should do a daisy chain, Bianca said. She had her own phone and must be watching the livestream. A squad of gals in a circle, licking pussy and hot... Why is rhyming so hard? I give up. Let's just eat cunt and have fun!

Team bonding, lezzie style! I squealed and rolled over on my side.
 
It's more like a daisy pyramid with three of us, said Nathalie as she sank down and pressed her head between my legs.

Shame we can't do this at a game, said Bianca as she moved her pussy towards my lips. I lifted my head so her thigh could slide beneath me. She had a tangy aroma mixed with my sweet delight. I breathed it in, loving the combined scents of our cunts. This will be fun,

My first pussy to lick, Nathalie purred before she lapped at my cunt. A hot shiver ran through me as she licked me like that. She stroked her tongue through my folds, sending such a hot shiver through me.

A big smile spread on my lips as I enjoyed this delight. It was such a hot treasure. I quivered with anticipation as I nuzzled into Bianca's shaved cunt. This would be different. No pubic hair to tickle me. Just her pussy lips swollen from our tribbing.

I nuzzled into them and licked at her. I stroked across her vulva, gathering up our juices. That sweet and tart mix of our passion. I shuddered, tasting tangible proof of our teamwork. We were so close as a squad now.

Stacy, Bianca groaned. Mmm, and Nathalie. You're so yummy.

So is Stacy, said Nathalie, my phone still live-streaming. She had propped it up in the middle of us. I doubted it was getting a good angle, but that didn't matter. Just so long as they heard our team bonding. 

I feasted on Bianca's shaved cunt. I licked around her pussy lips, gathering up the sweet and tart cream. The flavor of my pussy faded. Soon, there were only her juices. I savored that wonderful flavor of my fellow cheerleader.

I licked at my squadmate's folds. I gathered her tart flavor, reveling in the passion of her snatch. She groaned as I feasted on her. I licked at her with hunger, wanting to drown in her pussy cream. That would be so hot. She would just gush all over me. I would drink down all her passion as Nathalie did the same with my cunt cream.

Yes, yes, yes, Nathalie moaned into my cunt, her tongue swiping through my folds. Bianca, you're so naughty. Ooh, eat my cunt. 

Gladly, Bianca purred. Stacy, you are so good at this. Just an amazing cunt-lapper.

It's easy to devour such yummy poon! I groaned, shocked that I had used poon. Did it rhyme with anything?

I pondered that as buried my tongue into my cheer mate's pussy. I buried to the hilt in her cunt and swirled around in her tart depths. She had such a yummy cunt. Just a true bliss to lick at. I loved every second of it. 

I flicked my tongue over her clit as Nathalie did the same to mine. My orgasm swelled so fast. It was so exciting being watched. Obeying Chaz's words. He commanded us. We had to obey him. This was wild. 

Amazing.

I loved it so much. 

I licked at Bianca's clit.

I lapped at her bud.

Nathalie nibbled on mine. I swelled so fast to my orgasm. I wanted to savor it, but I hurtled closer and closer to bursting. It shuddered here, my round tits jiggling together as my tongue stroked around Bianca's clit. She moaned into Nathalie's cunt who groaned into my pussy.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned as my orgasm burst inside of me.

My juices gushed out and bathed Nathalie's face. She groaned into my cunt, her tongue flicking through my folds. She trembled, her moans so passionate. Was she cumming, too? Was she bathing our teammate's face with pussy cream? Hot.

Oh, my god, Bianca moaned as my tongue fluttered around her clit. Stacy! You hottie! Yes!

Her tart pussy cream squirted out of her snatch.

All three of us were cumming. A triangle of cheerleader passion. We drowned each other in cunt cream. It was so exciting. I was so glad that we were sharing in this moment. Bonding as a team as we bathed in sapphic passion.

I licked and lapped up her tart juices. I drank them down, quivering with my excitement as I licked and lapped at her cunt. It was an incredible bliss to tremble like this. To enjoy this passion. It was fantastic. I was in heaven here.v
I could just float away.

My orgasm washed through my body as Nathalie licked at my cunt. She stroked through my folds, drinking my sweet cream as my pleasure bathed my mind. Euphoria inundated every bit of my flesh. I quivered with bliss as my orgasm faded away.

That was awesome, moaned Bianca. Oh, god, that was amazing.

Right? I groaned and sat up. I grabbed the phone, pussy cream dripping down my face. I smiled as I aimed the camera at me and winked at everyone. Then I glanced at chat while filming my friends. That was us bonding as a team.

You should suck a cock together, Chaz commented. All three of you licking and lapping at the same dick until he cums all over your face.

But the only cock around here is my brother's, I said, pouting. And he's a fucking creep. Gross.

Then suck his! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Greg Martin

I couldn't believe it worked as my sister stood. I watched the livestream, thirty-three thousand people watching her and her friends be sluts. It was so wild that this was still live on Instagram. Let alone that they listened to my comments. It made no fucking sense.

Chaz says we should suck my brother's cock together and let him cum on our faces! Stacy said, filming Bianca and Nathalie standing up, faces smeared in pussy cream.

Ooh, I love it, Nathalie said. 

Let's go! Bianca cried and darted for the lake house.

My sister and Nathalie followed, the girls squealing. The livestream became a blur of motion as they reached the house. I couldn't believe it. I turned my chair to face the door that led out onto the balcony. I could hear them racing through the house.

Then I shoved off my shorts and underwear. In moments I had my cock thrusting out before me. My heart pounded in my chest as they appeared naked and racing through our parents' bedroom to reach me. They exploded out onto the balcony, my sister in the middle of her two friends.

We have to suck your cock together and have you cum on our face for our team building, said Stacy as she dropped to her knees before me. You have to film us. Please. And if you see a chat from Chaz, let us know.

Right, I said as I had her busty cheer friends beside her. From right to left it was Bianca, Stacy, and Nathalie. I'll cum all over your faces. In fact, Chaz says I have to call you sluts and skanks and whores. And that you girls should do what I say because you love my dick!

We do love your dick, moaned Bianca.

We're such sluts for it, my sister moaned.

Yes! Nathalie groaned. Just skanks for it!

I shuddered as my sister and her two cheer mates both leaned in and licked at my cock. Three tongues slid up my virgin dick. I groaned at the feel of them bathing my dick with their tongues. It was such a rush to have them doing that.

I could do anything with them. Somehow, my comments like mind-controlled them. It was insane. I didn't get this at all, but I enjoyed their tongues licking and lapping at my dick. Their tongues slid up to my crown, brushing over it.

I groaned as they did that. My fat gut quivered before them. They weren't disgusted at all by me know. They didn't think I was gross or a perv. They were worshiping my cock like cheap whores. It was such an incredible experience.

God, Stacy, you and your friends are such skanks, I groaned. Such fucking whores. You're just licking my dick. You're my sister!

I know, she moaned. But I just have to. Chaz says so! This will bring us together. We have to make you cum!

Then fucking suck on my cock, slut! I growled. I want my sister bobbing her head before you other two take your turns.

Yes, Greg! my mind-controlled sister moaned.

She swallowed my cock. I groaned as her mouth slid over my cock. My back arched beneath the warmth of her mouth devouring my dick. She took every inch of it. This was such a wild delight to have her nursing on me like that.

She bobbed her head. She suckled on my cock with such passion. I loved it. The incestuous rush of my cunty little sister blew me. She worked her mouth up and down my cock, her tongue swirling around the crown of my dick. Pleasure shot down to my balls.

It was an amazing rush to experience this delight. I savored every second of it. She nursed hard. She suckled with such passion. I loved having my sister blow me, but her two friends were licking their lips. They were hungry for my cock, too.

They wanted to suckle on my dick. They needed to worship me.

That was hot.

Switch, I growled. You got to share with your cheer mates!

Stacy moaned and slid her mouth up my cock. She popped off with a wet plop, drool spilling down her chin. She licked her lips as Nathalie darted in. The freckled redhead devoured my cock. I gasped at the force that she suckled on my dick.

Fuck! I gasped as she did that. Oh, fuck, that's so good. That's fucking amazing! You suck dick like a champ! Lick a fucking two-dollar hooker! The fucking chat loves it!

The dirty comments streaked by as Nathalie bobbed her head. She suckled on my cock with hunger. Stacy and Bianca watched on, licking their lips, eager for their turn. The redhead danced her tongue around my cock. She did such naughty things to me.

Suck that dick, purred Bianca.

Oh, just love my big brother's cock, moaned Stacy.

I savored Nathalie's hot mouth. My nuts twitched as she suckled on me. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my cock. I loved it. My back arched against the patio chair, the plastic frame creaking.

Bianca! I groaned. Your fucking turn, slut!

Yes! she squealed.

Nathalie ripped her mouth off my cock. Bianca swallowed it. The busty blonde worked her mouth up and down my dick. She suckled with such wild passion. She nursed on me hard as my balls twitched. The pressure in them swelled and swelled.

Bianca suckled. She swirled her tongue around my crown. She was a wicked skank. I loved it. I gripped her head. Held Nathalie's, too. I savored the passion of the cheerleader nursing on my dick. She loved it.

Not fucking gross now, am I? I groaned.

No, Stacy moaned.

Switch! I growled.

Bianca popped her mouth off and Stacy took over. She bobbed her head a few times, nursing on me. I loved the heat of her mouth. I savored the passion. I wanted them to trade me back and forth. So I ordered Nathalie to take over.

The redhead worked her lips up and down my cock, pleasuring me. Worshiping me. Then Stacy took over again. Bianca nursed a few times. They took turns. Stacy, in the middle, sucked my cock the most. 

They all worshiped me. Loved me.

Fucking sluts! I gasped as Bianca suckled on me.

Your sluts! Stacy moaned and engulfed my cock.

Nathalie slobbered on my dick. Stacy worshiped it. Bianca suckled. Back and forth. From cheerleader to cheerleader. The pressure in my nuts grew and grew. I hurtled towards that amazing moment. I shuddered.

Fucking whores, I snarled. I'm going to burst. I want to cum on your faces. Beg!

They pressed their faces tight together. They fisted my dick, all three of their hands gripping me. They worked up and down, massaging the shaft and crown. The pressure hurtled towards the bursting point.

Cum on our faces! the three squealed together.

I erupted.

I basted their faces with my cum. I fired over them. I hosed them down, savoring the pleasure shooting out of my dick. My cum splashed on all three of their faces. I spurted from slut to slut. My sister, in the middle, took the most of my load.

Ropy lines of cum ran across their foreheads and cheeks. My jizz dripped down their faces as I emptied so much spunk on their faces. I drenched them in my seed. Just coated them in all my spunk. It was such a rush.

I panted as I fired the last of my cum, the three girls moaning their delight. They were my whores. I could do anything to them. Punish them for treating me like shit. Piss on them. Fuck them. I could breed them, couldn't I.

Fuck, I breathed as I said, Chaz just had a new comment. You three sluts have to do everything I say. I'm your new cheer coach. No matter how filthy or degrading, you obey me!

Yes, Greg! the three squealed together, my seed dripping down their faces. 

To be continued...
