Day 105

Jack’s life had become endless days of pain, torture, rape, blood and death. The Master was bloody brilliant at thinking up innovative ways to hurt and humiliate Jack.

Although he lost track of the time, he was later told that it was the hundred and fifth day of ‘the year that never was’ when the Master got his hands on Toshiko Sato.

Tosh had not managed to take down Archangel, but she had managed to be a significant thorn in the Master’s side.

He couldn’t restrain a small smile when Tish brought him the news. That’s my girl, Tosh.

“She’s had recent contact with Martha,” Tish whispered as she fed Jack his morning gruel.

“Then Martha’s okay?” Jack asked.

“Yes. She’s had some rough times but she’s alive and well it seems,” Tish said, struggling to hide a smile.

“That’s good news.” Jack gave her a wink.

“I’m sorry your friend Toshiko got caught, though,” Tish said soberly.

“Yeah,” he said. “Me, too.”

“They have each other,” she said, trying to comfort him. “The guards all say the three of them are being kept together. They’re treated fairly well as long as you keep submitting to the Master.”

“Good. That’s why I do it.” A thought occurred to Jack and it made his blood run cold. “Their guards don’t tell them anything about me, do they?”

“I don’t think so, Captain,” Tish said, confused.

“They can’t know.” Jack was adamant. “They can’t know anything about me up here.”

“Why not?”

“If they knew what I was going through to ensure their safety they might do something foolish like try to escape.”

“Can’t they know you’re alive, at least?”

“That’s all they can know, Tish!” Jack said. “I’m being held up here to ensure the Doctor’s good behavior and I’m fine. That’s all they need to be told.”

“I’ll pass the word,” Tish assured him. They were silent for a time while she fed Jack. “You care a great deal for them. They’re more than employees to you.”

“They’re my family.” Jack said.

………………………………………………….

Day 117

Jack and everyone else discovered the reason for the Master’s good mood later that day. The guards wrapped a thick leather belt around his waist. The rings on the side of the belt secured his manacles. Jack stood with his elbows bent and his hands locked into his sides.

The guard who always showed him the most kindness stepped in front of him and stood until Jack met his eyes. “Captain, listen to me carefully.” Jack furrowed his brow. The guard rarely addressed him directly and the novelty of it caused tendrils of fear to creep up Jack’s spine. “He told me to tell you that if you resist him at any time today, or anyone tries to intervene on your behalf, he’s going to kill one of your team in front of you.”

Jack nodded his understanding. The same threat had hung over his head for weeks. Months. Why would the Master think their arrangement had changed?

“It will be Miss Sato,” the guard said simply. “I think he believes because she’s small and delicate that her death will cause you the most pain.” The guard smiled ruefully. “He has no idea how much of hellcat she is, giving the guards a hell of a time.”

Jack smiled at that. That’s my girl.

“I think he wanted me to tell you this so you’d understand no one is going to come to your aid today,” the guard said. “It’s one thing to submit when you’re alone with him.” The man dropped his voice. “It’s another to have to do it in a room full of people you know and not have a single one of them lift a finger to help.”

A chill ran down Jack’s spine at the other man’s words. Not only was he right, but it gave Jack some idea of what he was facing today. His pain and humiliation were going public.

“I understand,” Jack said.

They reached the control room and sure enough, everyone was there, plus a few faces Jack didn’t recognize. Martha’s entire family huddled to one side, and the Doctor sat limply in a wheelchair. Lucy Saxon wandered aimlessly around the room, dressed in an evening gown, a vacant look in her eyes. There were other beautiful women strung across the room in similar dresses. It appeared the Master was holding court.

The guards paused with him just inside the door of the lift. Jack turned to one of the young women standing nearby. “Hello!” He gave her a wide smile. “Captain Jack Harkness.”

The young woman obliged him with a blush and a smile before she dropped her eyes.

“Oh, will you stop it!” the Master called from the raised area of the room. “Besides, it’s useless. When you’re done with your little show today, no one here will ever see you the same way again.”

At a gesture from the Master, Jack was forced toward the stairs. He walked with his head high, gathering his dignity around him as best he could.

“Now that the entertainment is here, we can get this party started!” the Master addressed the room from the top of the stairs. “Thank you all for joining me for my celebration. I now have the whole of North America under my control and my missile sites are all under way.”

Jack was led up the steps.

“I wanted to share this joyous occasion with you all,” the Master included all the occupants of the room with a wide gesture of his arms. “We haven’t had any together time since we watched Japan burn.”

The guard led Jack to stand beside a clear box roughly the size of an old-fashioned phone booth. They turned him to face everyone as they watched events unfold.

“As entertaining as that spectacle was,” the Master continued as he came to stand before Jack, “I’ve something a bit more intimate planned for us today.”

Jack felt the crowd’s tension. They were at as much of a loss as he was. Their apprehension was palpable as they all stood, faces turned toward him, waiting with him to find out what torment he would be subjected to today.

The guards unfastened Jack’s restraints. Two more guards pulled hoses from ceiling panels above them. When the time came for Jack to be stripped, a murmur moved through the room’s occupants. The increase in the volume of the room raised Jack’s anxiety measurably. He had never been shy and so was baffled by his subtle embarrassment at standing naked before a room full of people, friends and strangers alike. The faces of the crowd displayed a range of emotion from curiosity to horror and Jack felt a twinge of sympathy for them all. He was going to actively endure the torture while they would only stand by and watch.

The Master turned on the crowd with a shout. “I do hope this means you’re looking forward to seeing the good Captain’s assets!”

The murmur abated but didn’t totally cease.

When Jack was naked his restraints were replaced. The Master drew open the front panel of the box and made a sweeping gesture of invitation. The guards shoved Jack inside. They spun him to face the audience and chained him to the box.

In rapid order Jack’s ankles were secured to the floor of the box. A wide band was locked around his chest and he was chained to the roof. Jack was stretched to his full height inside the clear box and was nearly immobile. The band around his chest restricted his breathing painfully.

The Master closed the door with a flourish and used his laser screw driver to seal it closed. “No need for an emergency escape plan for the Captain, now is there?”

When the water began to rush in from the bottom of the box, Jack realized it was fucking cold. He could no longer deny what this was all about. He was to be drowned, naked, in full sight of everyone in the room.

The box was water tight and therefore blocked sound. Between that and the rushing water, Jack could no longer hear the Master’s words. He only saw the Time Lord gesticulating grandly, pointing occasionally toward Jack. The faces of the crowd reflected their fear and their outrage on his behalf and he felt strangely appreciative.

The water was rose quickly. It already reached his knees. It was cold. Very cold. Cold would make him hypothermic, and Jack hoped that would make drowning a little less horrific. Somehow he doubted it.

The freezing water reached his groin. If his ‘assets’, as the Master had called them, weren’t already shriveled in fear and humiliation, they were surely shriveled from the cold.

Jack moved against his bonds experimentally. They were sturdy and strong. He didn’t have enough reach to even think about testing the strength of the box. It was robust because it was designed to hold water. He just couldn’t figure out why he was secured to the roof by his chest.

The water was waist deep now. Jack saw the Master sitting at the table on the lower level, his feet propped up while one of the pretty young women rubbed his shoulders. Francine and Tish clung to one another in the back of the room, compassion written all over their faces.

The Doctor watched impassively from his wheelchair. His face bore a disinterested expression and in that moment, Jack’s anger shifted completely to the Doctor. This entire sad situation was all the Doctor’s fault. At every turn he failed to stop the Master’s plans. He’d gotten his TARDIS stolen, he’d gotten them captured, and now he sat uselessly in his chair, watching everyone’s suffering without a change in expression.

The water reached Jack’s chest and he shivered violently, his breathing harsh. His eye caught the Doctor’s again. The Doctor was responsible for Jack’s very first death and he’d never acknowledged that. He’d run out on Jack. Left him stranded. Because of that callous act, Jack’s own actions had led them right to where they were now.

The water was to his shoulders and he continued to shiver violently. Jack’s bones ached from the cold and his fingers and toes were numb. When the water reached Jack’s neck, he did his best to take long, slow, deep breaths. He couldn’t escape the water but some natural response made him lift his chin in a vain attempt to evade it for as long as possible.

In spite of the water, Jack’s mouth was dry from fear. He swallowed reflexively and heard himself gasp. He made fearful noises that echoed off the walls of his see-through cage.

The water reached his chin and Jack lifted his head as high as he could. The restraints on his ankles didn’t allow him to stand on tip-toe. He caught sight of some of the faces in the crowd, but not all of them still faced him. Some had been forced to turn away. Those that still witnessed his torture reflected his own pain and fear.

Jack felt panic set in as the level of the water crept up his face. Inch by tortuous inch it crawled up past his mouth. He got one last deep breath in through his nose before air was completely out of his reach.

He was fully engulfed in the water and all of his senses were muted. If it weren’t so goddamn horrific it would be peaceful.

The level of the water must have reached the top of the box since the sound of the flow ceased as if someone had closed the spigot. The sudden lack of sound was deafening and increased Jack’s panic. His chest hurt, his lungs burned and he knew he couldn’t hold his breath much longer. His need to surface and suck in air was overwhelming and Jack struggled in his chains. It didn’t matter that even if he could escape the chains there was no space above for him to take a breath. Pure animal instinct was in charge now, and its scream echoed through his skull for him to inhale.

Jack felt the water rush into his lungs and set them afire. His muscles convulsed painfully and his entire body arched agonizingly. He thrashed against his bindings as his chest tried to expel the deadly water that had invaded it. He tried to sob, he tried to scream but there was no air in his lungs so Jack suffered in silence. The cold of the water seeped deeper into his bones and a sudden sense of peace overtook him. As if from a great distance, Jack watched the occupants of the room as they witnessed his first death of the day. His pain eased as Jack slid toward the darkness and he didn’t understand why everyone around him seemed so upset. His convulsions became small tremors and he wanted to tell his friends in the room around him that he was okay. It was quiet and peaceful and he didn’t want them to worry about him any more. A few final small tremors and Jack finally died.

……………………………………………….

Jack usually came back to life with one large gasp of air so his return from drowning was awkward, painful and difficult because his lungs were still filled with water.

He forced a small cough and expelled a small amount of water. Jack reflexively sucked in what little bit of air he could. He managed a larger cough this time which meant more water evacuated. Jack coughed violently now. He lost control as water streamed from his mouth and nose which made each breath easier. Each inhalation drew in just a little more air than the one before and before he knew it Jack was breathing automatically, almost normally.

Jack’s breathing evened out and he realized all of his weight was supported by the band around his chest. It didn’t make his breathing any easier. He struggled to put his weight on his legs and after a few determined tries he actually succeeded. The pain in his chest eased and he was relieved. Jack realized now what the purpose of chaining him to the lid of the box was. He was held upright inside while the water drained away. He was completely on display to the occupants of the room for the Master’s sick pleasure.

Jack both heard and felt the water begin again to flow into his death chamber. He kicked himself mentally for letting down his guard. The Master had a hard-on for Jack’s unlimited ability to revive. He was downright obsessed with inflicting repeated deaths.

The first time through a death was painful enough. To have to relive an identical death within moments of the first meant his memory of the experience was fresh in Jack’s mind. The recent visceral images added to Jack’s fear and panic with each subsequent death. Jack loathed the Master all the more because he employed this tactic.

When the water again crept up Jack’s face to finally engulf him, in spite of himself, the memory of his pain when water filled his lungs made him hold his breath even though he knew it was futile. Jack knew he was merely staving off the inevitable. It would all be so much easier if he would just inhale immediately and get it over with. His mind knew this, but his body protested. Loudly.

Once again his lungs seared when water rushed into them. Jack’s body struggled to free itself in order to rise to the surface and breathe. He heard the water stop and knew it wasn’t long now.

His vision went dark and he died.

If it wasn’t a matter of survival and torture, Jack’s vanity would object to the rather disgusting way his body expelled the water from his lungs.

He remembered this time and got his legs under himself right away to ease the pressure on his chest, which made breathing easier. Jack stood shaking in the chamber and relished the return of air to his lungs.

Jack decided this was really getting old fast. It was easy to lose track but he was fairly certain he was up to his sixth death. He should be an old hand at it by now, but he still coughed violently and with very little dignity when he awoke. Jack sobbed each time the flow of water started again. He thrashed in frustration and anger instead of panic, although that was still a part of his final moments.

This time when the water rose up over his head, Jack imagined he could feel Ianto’s hand in his own and he drew strength from the thought. He shoved back his panic. Jack willed himself to inhale. It still burned like nobody’s business, but at least he was in control of this death. He chose his moment to breathe in. Jack chose his own moment to die.

……………………………………………….

As soon as Jack choked out the water that had killed him this past time he drew himself up on to his feet. Somewhere around his tenth death, Jack had to bite back his screams. He was exhausted from the repeated deaths. The anticipation of the next one grated on Jack’s already raw nerves. His only recourse was his screams but his pride demanded he deny the Master that pleasure. Jack always failed to stop all of his screams and they broke free from his lips by the time the water reached his neck. He also inhaled the water to drown his own body intentionally at his first opportunity.

Two more deaths and the Master grew bored with the whole affair, much to Jack’s relief. After he unsealed the box that held Jack, the Time Lord strolled around the control room.

The guards removed him from the deadly container. They dried him quickly and got him back into his grimy clothing. His wrists were secured and he was bustled out of the room.

This was when Jack saw why his torture had been stopped. Today, it hadn’t been about him. It had been about everyone else held captive. The Jones family, the guards and the Doctor all broke at some point during Jack’s ordeal. Watching him die over and over, many times, screaming in agony, had laid everyone low.

As he moved into the lift, Jack caught sight of Francine and Tish huddled together on the floor, unable to meet his eyes. Until today they had only heard his screams from a distance and helped him to clean up in the aftermath. They had never been forced to witness Jack’s pain and humiliation. Today the Master had changed all of that and Jack was sure no one in the room would ever be the same again.

……………………………………………….

Day 127

“The Doctor needs your help, Captain,” Francine whispered as she spooned Jack his breakfast.

“I once needed his help and he ran out on me,” Jack replied.

“We need your help,” she amended.

Jack turned his arms palm up to call attention to his chains. “I’m not exactly in a position to help anyone. Including myself,” he said bitterly.

“If we can find a way to get you loose you could destroy the paradox machine,” Francine said.

Jack shrugged. “I could,” he said. “Why do you need me for that?”

“It’s guarded by the Toclafane,” she explained. “You’re the only one that can possibly survive an attack by them.”

“And when we fail my team will pay the price,” Jack said roughly.

“What if their guards were able to simulate the punishment without harming your team?” Francine asked.

“Is that even possible?”

“Apparently the Master never visits the facility. He watches all executions remotely.”

Jack considered. “I’ll think about it.”

In the end, Jack didn’t participate. He just couldn’t gamble with his team’s lives that way. No one could guarantee all the guards would hide the truth or that they could successfully fool the Master. At least for the time being, Jack had a way to ensure their safety, so he was sticking with his own plan.

……………………………………………….

Day 200

Jack lost track of the hours. He thought it had actually been days. There was no way for him to tell. They prevented him from marking the passage of time. The absolute absence of all sound except for his own breathing meant they had him in a sound proof room. Extraordinary pain coursed through his entire body with any subtle movement. Even at rest, his shoulders and legs made him want to scream, but no sound could escape his gag. The wad of cloth stuffed in his mouth had long ago dried him out. His tongue felt like sandpaper and his lips were split. The dark hood they had placed over his head blocked out all light and muffled all sound.

They had hoisted him toward the ceiling by his elbows bound behind his back. He was at a height that forced him stand on his toes. The torque on his shoulders was excruciating and the strain on his legs caused him to shake with fatigue. His body burned with the strain and there was no way he could shift that wouldn’t either increase his suffering or just plain dislocate his shoulders.

They were keeping the room at a comfortable temperature at least. Their intent was probably the sensory deprivation while his nudity added to his humiliation. Same old party, different birthday.

Jack’s only escape during the interminable time he’d been suspended in this room had been the refuge of his own mind. He’d privately mourned the loss of Owen. He’d celebrated Toshiko’s loyalty, dedication and brilliance. In retrospect, Jack was able to laugh at Gwen’s mortification over her mistake on her very first day with Torchwood. He was also able to congratulate himself on his good instincts about her. She was smart, tenacious, determined, intuitive and capable. She had also begun to drag Jack back into the outside world he had closed himself off from. Living and working in the underground hub had disconnected him from life, but Gwen Cooper had dragged him back in, kicking and screaming.

Jack worried every day about Ianto. He sat in a cell down on the planet, with no idea how much Jack missed him. He cursed himself for letting his need for answers from the Doctor turn into obsession. Then he wondered when his work with Torchwood had stopped being a means to an end and had become the entire point.

Had any two people got off to a stranger start than he and Ianto? How many people could ever get past holding one another at gunpoint? Somehow he and Ianto had found a way.

Jack snapped out of his thoughts at the sound of the door opening. He focused on the footsteps that entered -- they were soft and there weren’t many. The door was secured again and silence reigned.

This was his first visit since he’d been strung up. His heart pounded and his breath was harsh in his own ears. He had no idea what to expect. He might be tortured, he might be raped, and he might be killed over and over until the Master grew bored. The waiting was as awful as anything the Time Lord put him through.

Jack jumped at the sudden feel of hands skimming his ribcage. He groaned into his gag as his tortured muscles protested.

He felt hot breath on the back of his neck as the Master’s hands slid down over his hips to cup his buttocks. Jack felt teeth sink sharply into his shoulder as one hand glided over his hip to his groin to grasp and fondle his flaccid penis then juggle his balls.

“It occurs to me, Jack, that you’ve not come once since you’ve been enjoying my hospitality,” the Master whispered to Jack through the hood. “I really should do something about that, shouldn’t I?”

A shudder ran through Jack’s frame. It was to be rape again today. Jack was weary at the thought of his body being violated roughly and painfully. He nearly vomited into his gag.

The Master must have felt Jack shiver because he growled into Jack’s ear, “Like the thought of that, do you? Well, maybe next time I take you out to play.”

Jack felt the Master’s hands run up and down the sides of his thighs. One hand moved up to glide over his belly and up to his chest. Jack’s skin crawled at the Time Lord’s touch.

“As pretty as you are at rest, you are so much more so when your body is strained,” the Master informed him. “Every one of your muscles is tense and quivering. It gives you such definition. You’re like a work of art, Jack.”

“You’ve got such beautiful skin,” the Master pressed his lips to Jack’s ear beneath the hood. “I’m going to redden your skin. I’m going to make it livid with color.”

Jack’s perceptions shifted violently as he struggled to keep up with the fact that he wasn’t to be raped today, but pain and torture were definitely on the schedule. His mind raced for options. He searched for anything he could say or do that would just stop what he was about to go through.

The heat of the Master’s body receded. It was only a few moments before he felt the first blazing blow land on his buttocks. The sickening sound of flesh being smacked with a solid object was loud in the quiet room. Before Jack could stop himself, his body pulled away from the source of the blow, making his shoulders and legs scream in protest.

“Caning, Jack. Ever heard of it?” the Master asked casually.

Of course he had. He’d used it a time or two during the darker days of his past.

“An Earth invention that has found its way through time and space,” the Master lectured Jack like a school boy. “The cane itself varies but some things are always consistent. A thin but heavy wood stick laid across bare flesh in such a manner as to inflict the maximum amount of pain and raise the most beautiful red welts.”

Jack remembered some of the objects he’d used to cane. He’d been pretty clever about it in his time.

“Sometimes scarring results, but we don’t have to worry about that with you, do we Jack?” the Master landed a blow on Jack’s naked arse and the resulting pain was intense, amplified by the protestations of his muscles when he moved. “I think some nice dark bruises are in order, though.”

The hood Jack wore blocked out sight but it only muffled sound. He heard the sickening sound of the cane meeting his own bare flesh with rhythmic smacks. Jack repeatedly twitched in pain and flinched in evasion as the cane moved down the backs of his thighs. His head echoed with the harsh sound of his own rapid breathing. The gag prevented him from gasping deeply through his mouth so his breaths moved painfully in and out of his nose.

The Master moved the cane back up Jack’s thighs to scourge already abused flesh. It felt as though his skin was on fire. He wasn’t sure if his skin was blistering or tearing but in his imagination it was both. Jack heard himself scream into his gag.

“Your arse is bright red, Jack! It’s a lovely contrast with the rest of your pale skin,” the Master breathed. He sounded to Jack’s ears like an aroused lover admiring his partner’s reactions. The sound turned Jack’s stomach.

Jack took jarring blows of the cane on his arse and his lower back. This pain was new. It was sharper. The rod landed on a part of his body with less muscle and flesh and more bone. The pain took Jack’s breath away, and his body shook with each blow. The fatigue in his legs made it feel as though they were going to give out at any moment, but he knew that if they did he would jerk his shoulders out of their sockets. All the while the Master reigned blows along his back, then moved up toward his tortured arms. Each time the cane connected with Jack’s back he jerked away and increased the torque on his shoulders, ripping another muffled scream from his lips.

Rough hands grabbed Jack’s hips and tugged them downward to put additional strain on his shoulders. His scream was again muffled by his gag and he started to drift toward unconsciousness. Jack welcomed it.

When Jack returned to consciousness, he was still in exquisite pain but now he was on his knees. His arms were still chained behind him at the same tortuous angle but his legs had been given relief. That relief was short lived.

“Are you back with us, Jack?” the Master called from somewhere behind him. “We’re far from done here, but there really is no point when you’re not conscious to enjoy it.”

The pace of Jack’s breathing picked up again, the sound of it rushing in and out inside his own head. He became aware of the fire raging on his back and buttocks. Jack bit down on his gag when the Master’s hands pinched his inflamed arse cheeks.

“You’re red with the welts I’ve given you and the tension in your muscles is rippling along your skin.” The Master’s voice had the tone of a lover again, and Jack thought he might wretch into his gag.

The Time Lord stepped away and Jack braced for the worst. Blows landed on the backs of his calves and when he reflexively pulled away he found his ankles were chained to the floor. First Jack had felt like the Master’s whore, his body used on a whim and discarded, the traces of the Time Lord’s lust left behind leaving him feeling filthy. Now he was literally the Master’s whipping boy. He felt useless. Jack hung at the Master’s mercy and took what was dished out, and he was impotent to stop any of it.

Just when Jack didn’t think the backs of his calves had any skin left to cane, a blow to the bottom of his feet sent fresh pain crashing through him. Jack now realized what his victims had endured at his hands and realized his torture was penance for his past sins.

The Master hammered at the soles of Jack’s feet and he knew he wouldn’t be walking back to his cell without dying first. He was crippled slowly and painfully. Jack heard his own sob and realized tears were coursing down his cheeks to be absorbed by his gag. Jack Harkness was crying in pain.

He was foolish enough to hope that his ordeal was at an end when the blows to his feet stopped. Jack bit down on his gag and dragged his breath in and out savagely. Each exhalation tore a groan from his throat. His hopes were dashed when he felt the Master place a foot on his upper back. This had happened before and Jack knew what was coming.

Jack’s muffled scream ravaged his throat. The Master shoved him forward with the foot in his back. The ripping of his shoulders from their sockets plunged him into blessed oblivion.

“Thank you, Ianto.”

“It’s my pleasure, sir.”

“You don’t have to stay here, you know. You should go home.”

“If I did, would you do something more constructive than mope around the Hub? Stand around on a rooftop and brood?”

Jack allowed himself a self-deprecating smile. Finding a roof was exactly what he’d intended. “I can find something to occupy myself. I’ve been my own caretaker for quite a number of years now.”

“And if I wanted to stay? Would you like me to?”

Jack searched for an answer that didn’t sound needy but also didn’t sound apathetic or disinterested. “Some companionship might be nice tonight.”

“There. It’s sorted then.”

“Wake up, Jack,” Jack heard as he surfaced from his dream. He felt a hand gripping his head and jerking it backwards. “Come on, wake up!” the Master was angry.

Jack snapped back to awareness. The pain in his shoulders had changed and he remembered them being wrenched out of place. His arms were still secured behind him but they were now nothing more than useless hunks of flesh and bone.

The Master landed heavy blows to the front of Jack’s thighs. He was beyond screaming. He was beyond the pain. Tears still ran hotly down his cheeks. The pain was too extreme, too widespread and too overwhelming. Jack drifted right on the edge of awareness. His body and his mind couldn’t take much more of this and something was going to give.

He was reduced to whimpering when the Master moved the cane to brutalize Jack’s groin, belly and chest. He searched desperately for a way to spike his own pain and plunge himself back into unconsciousness. He wanted to return to that dream he’d been having. He wanted to return to Ianto.

“You suffer in such silent eloquence, Jack,” the Master said. Jack heard him walking in a circle. “I like the way you look when you’ve lost control of your muscles and your entire body quakes. I’m going to have to replicate that reaction.”

When he felt the blade pierce his side Jack was relieved. He was pleased and relieved and welcomed the feeling of his own blood running down his hip and thigh to the floor. With a sigh, Jack let the darkness overwhelm him.

……………………………………………….

Jack came back to reality with a harsh gasp and immediately struggled to sit up.

“Ssshhhh. Captain, hush. It’s okay, just relax,” a feminine voice chanted behind him and soft hands tried to soothe him. “You’re alright, Captain. You’re safe again.”

Jack recognized Tish’s soft tones and relaxed under her hands. He leaned back slightly and found he was propped by Tish’s slighter frame. Jack accepted her attempts at comfort and leaned back against her. One of her hands ran lightly up and down his arm and the other held a flannel with which she wiped away small traces of blood.

“There wasn’t much blood this time. Really just your stab wound,” Tish said. “You were a rainbow of colors when they dropped you in here, though.”

“That’s not surprising,” Jack sighed and rested his head against her shoulder. He took this moment to enjoy the warmth of her trying to clean him up.

“It’s a crime what he does to this beautiful body,” Tish said lightly, a smile in her voice.

Jack found himself smiling in answer. “It would seem his appreciation for my looks is what has him messing them up most of the time.”

“Like I said,” Tish replied, “It’s a crime.”

When it looked like he was as clean as he could be, Tish helped Jack to his feet and retrieved his still filthy clothes.

“Tell the guards I’m ready,” Jack said flatly.

Tish gave a wan smile before turning on her heel to exit the cell and inform Jack’s guards it was time to chain him up again.

……………………………………………….

Day 205

“A weapon, Jack?”

Jack’s head snapped up at the sound of the Master’s voice in a rage. He saw the Time Lord storming into his cell. He felt utterly confused.

“A weapon,” the Master stood in front of Jack glaring at him. “Torchwood really thinks it has a weapon that will kill a Time Lord?”

Jack had no idea what this was all about, but he suspected there was a game afoot that he dare not give away. He chose to glare back at the Master and say nothing.

“There aren’t enough smarts between Torchwood and UNIT to devise a weapon with the ability to harm a Time Lord,” the Master hissed.

“If you say so,” Jack said placidly, unwilling to admit the Master was most likely right.

“Martha Jones is on a fruitless mission, then,” the Time Lord said more calmly, as if trying to reassure himself.

Jack gave a slight shrug of one shoulder.

“If this weapon turns out to be real and you didn’t help me get to it before Ms. Jones finds it, you’re going to lose two of your team members in very lingering, painful ways,” the Master whispered to Jack, lips grazing his cheek. “Ms. Sato and Mr. Jones, I think.”

Jack shuddered but kept his expression carefully schooled as the Master pulled back from him.

“If there’s ever anything you want to talk to me about, Jack, you only have to tell one of the guards.”

Jack gave a single nod in understanding. He knew he would never use that information for anything other than to misdirect the Master. Perhaps he should try to think of a way to do that.

The Master stormed out of the cell in the same fashion he entered and Jack heard his footsteps echoing down the corridors until they faded away.